1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Seaborn Jones.
Ho. of Reps.
In March, of the same year, Mr. Madison says,
" that Louisiana extended westwardly to the Rio
Bravo, called Rio del Norte."
We are compelled to presume that these views
of Mr. Madison, the Secretary of State, were in
accordance with the views of Mr. Jefferson, the
President of the United States.
In 1806, Mr. Monroe says, " Oar title to the Del
1 Norte was as clear as our right to the island of
1 New Orleans.'' And in this he was sustained by
the opinion of Mr. Pinkney.
In 1818, Mr. Adams, in his letter to Don Onis,
*says: "The claim of France always did extend
* westward to the Rio Bravo;" and "well might
6 Messrs Pinkney and Monroe write to M. Ca-
' vellos, in 1805, that the claim of the United States
i to the boundary of the Rio Bravo was as clear as
* their right to the island of New Orleans."
In 1819, this part of Louisiana, known as Tex-
as, between the Sabine and the Rio Bravo del Norte,
was retroceded by the United States to Spam.
For the establishment then of the Rio Bravo del
Norte as the western boundary of the province of
Louisiana or Texas, we have the authority of Mr.
Lausat, Mr. Jefferson, Mr. Madison, Mr. Monroe,
Mr. Pinkney, and Mr. Adams. What more is
wanting to satisfy the gentlemen from Tennessee
and Massachusetts as to the western boundary of
the province of Texas, either as attached to the
United States or known as a province of Old Spain,
and that the Rio Bravo del Norte was that boundary?
Nothing I presume; for they had almost yielded
that question when they disclaimed considering the
boundary of Texas as a province of Spain, and
desired to confine themselves to the boundary of
revolutionary Texas.
As I desire to gratify those gentlemen whenever
I can consistently do so, I will now direct your at-
tention to the western boundary of revolutionary
Texas, and we shall see the proof quite as satis-
factory.
In 1821, Texas raised the standard of revolu-
tion, and about the same time many other American
provinces of Old Spain threw off' the yoke of the
mother country; acuj, in 1824, the confederation
and constitution or the Mexican United States
were formed and established. By this confedera-
tion and the constitution then formed, all those
provinces (some nineteen in number) were con-
sidered as separate, independent, and sovereign
States, united together for the common safety and
general welfare of the whole, as are these United
States, and neither had any more authority or
right to control the action of the others than has
anyone of these States.
In this confederation Texas and Coahmla formed
one Stale, known as Texass and, except for the pur-
pose of securing the common safety and general
welfare of the whole, was entirely free and inde-
pendent of the others. This confederation and con-
stitution continued till 1834—'5, when Santa Anna,
at the head of the army, assumed the dictatorship,
overthrew the confederation and constitution of the
Mexican United States, drove the Congress of the
Confederation and the Legislature of Texas out of
the halls of legislation, and established a military
despotism.
To this military despotism Texas refused to
submit, and refused to acknowledge Santa Anna as
President. In November, 1835, she formed a pro-
visional government, and in March, 1836, by her
delegates in Convention, proclaimed her indepen-
dence; and this declaration was on the plains of
San Jacinto, in the next month, sealed by the
blood of seven hundred Mexicans and the capture
of Santa Anna and his whole army.
In the ensuing month, (May,) a treaty was
entered into by President Bui-net, on the part of
Texas, and Santa Anna, President, and the Generals
of Mexico, on behalf of Mexico, by which the
independence of Texas was acknowledged and
her boundaries recognised.
Here are the 4th and 5th articles of that treaty:
" Art. 4. That the President, Santa Anna, in hi« official
capacity, as chief of the Mexican nation, and the Generals
Don Vincente Filisola, Don Jobe Urrea,Don Joaquin Rami-
res y Sesma, and Don Antonio Castro, as chiefs of armies,
do solemnly acknowledge, sanction, and ratify, the full, en-
tire, and perfect, independence of the people of the republic
of Texas, with such boundaries as are hereafter set forth and
agreed upon for the same.
" Art. 5. That the following he, and the same are hereby,
established and made the lines of demarcation between the
two republics of Mexico and Texas, to wit; The line shall
commence at the estuaiy or mouth of the Rio Grande, on
the western bank thereof, and shall pursue the same Bank
up the said river to the point where the river assumes the
name of the Rio Bravo del Norte, from which point it shall
proceed on the western bank to the headwaters or source of
said river; it being understood that the terms Rio Grande
and Rio Bravo del Norte apply to and designate one and the
same stream. From the source of said river, the principal
head branch being taken to ascertain that source, a due
north line shall be run, until it intersects the boundary line
established and described by the treaty negotiated by and
between the Government of Spam and the Government of
the United States of the North, which line was subsequently
transferred to, and in, the treaty made between the Govern-
ment of Mexico and that of the'United States; and from that
point of intersection, the line shall be the same as was made
and established m and by the several treaties above-men-
tioned, to continue to the mouth or outlet of the Sabine river,
and from thence to the. Gulf of Mexico."—(2 Footers History
of Texas, 314.) *
I will not stop hero to inquire whether this treaty
is valid and binding on Mexico, ns her President
was then a captive. I will only say, her President
was really Dictator of Mexico, and that it was
sanctioned by her generals, who were not captives,
and that Mexico received and enjoyed all the benefits
and advantages secured to her by it: the release and
deliverance of her President, her generals, near eight
thousand of her soldiers, with all their baggage and
munitions of war.
Whether the recognition and acknowledgment
of the independence of Texas be valid or not, is
wholly unimportant. So far as the boundaries are
concerned, they are the same that belonged to
Texas as a province of Spain—that belonged to
her as an independent and sovereign State of the
Mexican United States; and no part of which ever
did belong to Mexico, either as a province of Spain
or as a free and independent State. The recogni-
tion of these boundaries was not the establishment
of a new fact, but the admission of an old one.
Whether the territory east of the Rio Bravo be-
longed to Texas, Coahuila, Tamaulipas, or New
Mexico, is not the question. It never did belong
to Mexico, either as a province of Spain or as an
independent State.
In the attempt of Santa Anna to conqrnr Texas
and reduce it to subjection under his military des-
potism, he was defeated, conquered, and captured.
He then relinquished all his pretensions, and Mexico
as a State never had any.
In 1836, in her organic law, Texas defined her
boundaiy, as follows:
" Beginning at the mouth of the Sabine river, and running
west along the Gulf of Mexico, three leagues from land, to
the mouth of the Rio Grande, thence up the principal stream
of said river to its. souice, thence due north to the forty-
second degree of north latitudp, thence along the boundaiy
line, as defined in the treaty between the United States and
Spain, to tiie beginning; and that the President be, and is
hereby, authorized and required to open a negotiation with
the Government of the United States of America as soon
as, in his opinion, the public welfaio requnes it, to ascertain
and define the boundary line, as agiecdupon in the miu!
treaty."
And proceeded to lay off and define the bounda-
ries of counties, extending even to the Rio Grande,
which were represented in her Convention and
Legislature, and which are now represented on this
floor.
In Mr. Benton's letter, republished in the Globe,
in 1844, he says:
" Before the establishment of our western boundary, the
Sabine, as established between us and Spam by the ticaty
of 1819, all the country to the west of the lower Mississippi
was ours."
And Mr. Clay, (whose authority the Whigs will
not surely dispute,) in his letter of 17th April, 1844,
published in the National Intelligencer, says:
" The United States acquired title to Texas extendinsr, as
I believe, to the Kio del Norle, liy the treaty of Louisiana.
They ceded and relinquished that title to Spain by the treaty
of 1819. by which the Sabine was substituted for the Rio
del Norte as our western boundary."
And this was after his famous Texas letter.
Ill the map of Mr. Kennedy, the British consul in
Mexico, published in 1841, he lays down the Rio
del Norte throughout its entire length as the west-
ern boundary of Texas. And the memoir of the
Topographical Bureau says:
" Starting from ttie Gulf, the Mexicans have no actual
possessions or fixed habitations cast of the Rio del Norte,
until we reach the mountainous barriers at the Pats."
ThisPasso del Norte is, at the foot or south end
of the mountain, which includes the valley of New
Mexico, east of the Rio del Noite—immediately
above which is the valley and city of Santa Fe, and is
nearly one thousand miles from the mouth of the
Rio Bravo. Only above this Pass could there be
any controversy about the western boundary of
Texas.
Thus, then, we see that the western boundary
of Texas, as a province, extended to the Rio
Bravo; that revolutionary Texas, whenshe sepa-
rated from Spain, was entitled to the same bound-
ary; that, as an independent member of the
Mexican United States, she gave up none of her
rights of territory: that she never did acknowledge
the authority of Santa Anna, or State of Mexico;
that Mexico, as a province or State, never had any
right to one foot of territory within the boundary
of Texas; that, as an independent nation, Texas
claimed and established this boundary; and that,
when she annexed herself to the United States,
and became a member of this Confederacy, she
extended the limits of the United States to the Rio
Bravo del Norte.
While I have shown the Rio Bravo to be the
western boundary of Texas, and of the United
States, I have admitted it to be an open line—and
for what, purpose?
It will be recollected that we had not long before
the act of annexation with Texas, been well nigh
involved in a uai with England relative to the
northeastern boundary, dividing Maine fi om the
British provinces. It was contended (and with
that doctrine I heartily concur) that the United
States had not the right to cede one acre of terri-
tory belonging to any State, to any foreign power.
Part of the territory within the limits of Maine
was claimed by England. This Maine denied,
and maintained her right to the whole. The
United States had not the right to relinquish it to
England, nor even to agree on a conventional line,
and we were upon the verge of war for the main-
tenance of the right of Maine to territory which
could not possibly be worth one tithe of ihe money
the most insignificant war would have cost.
To prevent being again placed in such n disagree-
able dilemma, the United States determined, in the
annexation of Texas, the right to settle that western
boundary should belong to her; and, theiefore, in
the act of annexation required Texas to submit all
her rights upon that subject to the decision of the
United States. This, Texas had 110 hesitation in
doing, relying on the justice of her claims, oi},d
that they would be sustained and defended by the
United States.
It was, then, an open line only for the purpose
of negotiation, and without any admission that (he
claims of Texas were not good and valid; on the
contrary, with the express declaration m all her
public acts, that she claimed as her right all terri-
tory east of the Rio Bravo'del Norte.
Under these cncumstance, weie not the United
States in good faith bound to piotect and defend
that claim, and the rights of Texas, in the same
manner and to the same extent as she had been
bound to protect and defend the claim and rights
of Maine till they were settled by the Webster
trraly' Most assuredly. And no time was lost m
the discharge of that sacied duty. Immediately
after the act of annexation, Mexico was informed
that the United States weie desiious and prepared
to settle the boundary between, them upon the
most liberal teims. Regardless of this overture,
the Mexican Minister withdrew from this city,
and we were informed that Mexico considered the •
annexation of Texas as casus belli—a cause of war.
All her public acts, under whatever military despot
her Government was administered, tended to con-
firm this declaration.
This war, it will be recollected, was not to de-
termine the western boundary of Texas at the
Nueces or the Rio Bravo, or on the deserts be-
tween, (as the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hudson] would,) and stop at the " half-way
house," but to establish the sovereignty of Mexico
over all Texas, conquer the same, and the
boundary of the United States on the Sabine river.
To carry on this war, troops were raised in Mex-
ico and maiched to the western bank of the Rio
del Norte. Can any reasonable and honest man
deny that it was the duty of the President to pro-
tect the rights of Texas; and for that purpose, to
place the troops of the United States where they
could best be defended, on the eastern bank of the
same river ? While the forces of Mexico were con-
centrating upon her eastern frontier, preparing to
pass the Rio Bravo, and invade Texas, for the pur-
pose of conquering all that country, was the Presi-
