1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Bayly.
Ho. or Reps.
ican citizens going to Mexico for the purposes of
trade and commerce, without any intention of ex-
patriating themselves, we did not choose to leave
their protection to mere comity. We entered into
a solemn treaty to secure it. The third article of
the treaty between the United States and Mexico',
of April 5, 1831, provides, thatu the citizens of the
4 two countries respectively shall have liberty freely
c and securely to come with their vessels and car-
4 goes to all such places, ports, and rivers, of the
' United States of America, and of the United Mex-
' ican States, to which other foreigners are pcr-
' mitted to come, and to remain and reside in any
' part of the said territories respectively; * *
< and generally the merchants and traders of each
' nation shall enjoy the most complete protection
4 and security for their commerce." Article 3 4th:
"Both the contracting parties promise and en-
1 gage to give their special protection to the citi-
i zens of each other who may be in their terri-
' tories," &c. Article 15th: 44 The citizens of the
e United States of America, residing in the United
4 Mexican States, shall enjoy in their houses, per-
' sons, and property, the protection"of the govern-
'ment, with the most perfect security and liberty
< of conscience." Thus it will be seen, that as far
as our citizens were concerned, il protection of the
government" and " perfect security" were guar-
antied to them; first, by the law of nations; and
secondly, by a positive treaty stipulation; yet
they had no sooner got into Mcxico, and by their
industry and skill accumulated fortune enough to
make them an objcct of plunder, than the State
authorities—not lawless citizens of the republic—
commenced a most outrageous series of wrongs
upon them. I wish that I could refer to all these
individual cases of outrage and wrong. There is
scarcely one that is not marked by an atrocity at
which humanity shudders.
But before I refer to the individual cases which
my time will allow me, permit me to say that I
purposely abstain from full reference to the out-
rages and wrongs which, as a nation, we have
suffered at the hands of Mexico,—outrages and
wrongs, which it is impossible we could have sub-
mitted to from a powerful nation without humilia-
tion and disgrace. These are already in part, but
not to their full extent, known to the nation. I
shall not, therefore, go into particulars as to the
case of Mr. Gorostiza, as I should like to do, if T
had time. We all know what indignation was
aroused throughout the country when Mr. Genet
(who was so popular in the country upon his first
arrival, that he received public addresses every-
where, and his travel from Charleston to the seat
of government was almost a triumphal procession)
undertook, while enjoying'his diplomatic protec-
tion, to abuse the Administration, and threatened
to publish, in the shape of an appeal to the people
of this country, his correspondence with its Ex-
ecutive. At our instance, he was recalled by his
own Government. But his conduct was propriety
itself, compared with that of Mr. Gorostiza. He
actually did more than the mercurial Fienchman
threatened. Soon after he asked for his passports
to return home, after terminating his extraordinary
mission, his last note to the department, in which
his reasons for taking that step were expiessed.
was published in New York, in a journal called
" Le Courier des Etats Unis." This document
had never been made public by the authority of
' this Government. And whilst enjoying the pro-
tection of his diplomatic character, he published
in Philadelphia a pamphlet defamatory of the Gov-
ernment and people of the United States, and ob-
viously intended to injure the character of both
for honor and good faith, in the eyes of the world;
and copics of it were sent to most of the news-
papers, and extracts were published from it in Le
Courier des Etats Unis, and several other news-
papers; duplicate copies were also sent to the dip-
lomatic corps at Washington, by one of whom a
copy was given to our Secretary of State, with the
expffession to the Secretary, by the Minister, of his
surprise and. disgust at the grossness of such an
act by a retiring Minister. As the good faith of
the United States was directly impeached, our Gov-
ernment called upon that of Mexico for an expla-
nation of its Minister's conduct; but in place of
disavowing it, the Mexican Government declared
that 'Mr. Gorostiza had acted conformably with
what was required by the dignity and interests of
Mexico. If France had acted thus in the case of
Mr. Genet, crippled as we were by our exertions
in our then late war of Independence, and grateful
as we were to France for the aid she had rendered
us in it, it %frould undoubtedly have led to instant
war. Yet in the case of Mexico, it was patiently
borne.
Nor shall I stop to refer to the case of Mr.
Slacum, an officer of the navy of the United States,
a bearer of despatches from the Department of
State to the United States legation at Mexico, in
1836, who was arrested by Mexican officers, his
public despatches demanded, and he subjected to
violent, rude, and offensive treatment; or of the
case of another public messenger of the United
States bearing despatches from our Minister, car-
j rying with him a passport of safe-conduct from
i the Supreme G-overnment of Mexico, verifying his
; character, who was seized by the governor of
I Perote and robbed of his despatches; or of another
! officer who was seized and imprisoned on landing
| from a national vessel. Such cases were outrages
i upon the nation, for which atonement was never
made.
But still, my business at present is not with such,
but rather with individual eases. The first one to
which I shall allude is that of Dr. John Baldwin.
In making up my opinion in reference to his case,
I do not take his own statements, but the solemn
judicial statements of Judges Marcy and Brecken-
ridge, the two American commissioners, under the
Mexican commission, made to our Government,
and to be found in Senate Doc. No. 320, 2d ses-
sion 27th Congress. This case is a fair specimen
of the rest, and is characterized by every species
of atrocity and perfidy. A treaty is violated, out-
rage of every sort is committed, public records are
falsified, perjury committed, and almost every other
offence comprised in the catalogue of crime. I beg
gentlemen to read for themselves the document to
which I have referred.
I would now refer to another, in which French-
men and Americans were alike concerned; and
before I conclude, I hope to be able to show to the
committee the difference in the treatment which
they severally received at the hands of Mexico:
" In December, 1835, a Mexican officer of the name !
£ of Jose Antonio Mexia, landed at Tampico with
' a body of men under the Mexican flag. His
1 unfortunate associates had been inveigled into
{ accompanying him by false representations as to
£ their destination, and the object of the expedition.
( Among them were several foreigners, the larger
1 number of whom were Americans. They fell
* into the hands of Santa Ana. The foreigners,
4 including eighteen citizens of the United States,
' were, without trial, ordered for execution, and
' inhumanly murdered, while the Mexican part of
' them were not punished. Two Frenchmen ac-
' ' companied this expedition, and were among the
< victims; and for this illegal and inhuman muider
' France exacted of Mexico such atonement as she
1 thought proper to demand. None has ever been
c made to the Government of the United States, or
< to the families of these unhappy victims of Mexi-
i can perfidy and Mexican cruelty." The charac-
ter of these wrongs were such that it was impos-
sible for our Government to submit to them; and
all the arts of diplomacy were exhausted to procure
redress. Failing in it, General Jackson, always
sensitive to his country's rights and honor, trans-
mitted to Congress the message, an extract from
which I have not time to read, but which has
been referred to in the Piesident's message. No
reparation being made, the subject was again
brought to the consideration of Congress by Mr.
Van Buren. The President, in his late message,
has already informed you what Mr. Van Buren
said on the subject. He has quoted also what the
committees of the House said on it. But there is
one report— that of Mr. Howard—to which he has
not referred, in which it is stated that for some of
the very wrongs which we had received at the
hands of P tfexico, where subjects of France and
Eno-land were concerned as well as American citi-
zens, full reparation had been made to ihe former;
and the reason why justice was done, to them when
refused to us, was, that the Executives of France
and England, who could threaten war if justice
were refused, could also declare war; but that the
Mexican people knew that our Executive could
do nothing more than threaten! The Mexican
people^knew, from the history of our country, that
whenever the Executive came here to ask us .to
vindicate its rights, there were always 1 persons
found ready to raise a clamor against this Govern-
ment, and to put it in the wrong. Thus the
Mexican Government reasoned, and thus they were
led to withhold that justice to us which they were
obliged to "give to others. But the tone of the
message was so decided—the opinions expressed
by the committees of Congress were so decided
also—that the Mexican Government began to fear
that reparation could not longer be safely delayed;
and accordingly, Mr. Martinez-was dispatched as
minister to this country, and opened a negotiation,
which resulted in a treaty, concluded in Septem-
ber, 1838; by the twelfth article of which, it was
provided, that the ratification should be exchanged
at Washington within five months of the signature,
or sooner if possible. It was duly ratified by the
sanction of the Senate; but the Mexican nation
refused to ratify, under the frivolous, and, it is be-
lieved, false pretext that the King of Prussia had
refused to act as umpire in the differences that might
be referred to him. It is manifest, if such had been
the case, that it afforded no valid reason for refusing
to ratify the treaty, which was one providing for
the payment of just claims. The selection of an
umpire could have been left to future arrangement.
But it is not believed that the King of Prussia
in fact refused to act as umpire; for m the treaty
which was concluded the next year, he was again
nominated as umpire, and acted without the slight-
est hesitation.
On the 11th of April. 1839, a second treaty was
negotiated, which provided that the ratifications
should be exchanged in twelve months from the
signature, or sooner, if possible. .Again the Uni-
ted States acted with promptness and good faith,
but Mexico, pursuing her usual course, post-
poned the exchange of her ratification to the 8th
of April, 1840, lea\ ing but three days of the twelve
months limited by the treaty unexpired. The
3d article of the convention provided that the board
of commissioners constituted by it for the adjust-
ment of the claims of our citizens, should meet in
; the city of Washington within three months after
the exchange of its ratification, and within eighteen
months from the time of its meeting should termi-
nate its duties. The board had ^no sooner met,
than the Mexican commissioners resorted to every
device to delay the discharge of their duties by
the board. The most remarkable, among many
obstacles interposed by the Mexican commission-
ers, is thus described by our commissioners:
"The Mexican commissioners ch<jd that the two Gov-
'ernments were to ho regarded a« the litigant parties! before
< the board, and dented to the claimants all access to it, in
{ poison or l>y their agents, aiul even tin; right to present, or
'transmit duectly to it, any paper, document, oi \vnu<-n
< pi oofs; and they consequently objected to, and voted
c against, every lule oi regulation that propo>c-d to give to
( or recognise in the claimant* the light to appeal before toe
< hoard, or to addiess any communication to it. Tin-to
£ views the undersigned considered to be erroneous, and
< they believed that the adopnon of thorn would be veiy
'prejudicial, if not put* rely destructive, to the inteiests of
' the complainants.'"
The discussion upon this and other preliminary
1 questions, occupied the board until the 17th Octo-
; ber, when the American conunissioneis, being of
I opinion that the Mexican commissioners desired
! to defeat all action by delay, yielded,  s the only
( alternative. During the whole sitting, the Mexi-
can commissionss did everything to delay the
; business, and thus defeat just claims; and the
' board expired before half the Government ildims
[ were disposed of. In their communication of
| March 2, 1842, to the Secretary of State, the
1 American commissioners say:
5 "It is verv eeitain that all the objects contemplated by
; the convention. have not been fully accomplished. A
| her or" impoiiaiit claims, coming ivitlnn the cognizance of
, the comiTn^iDii. have not bet n adjusted. Upon whom rests
1 the iv>potisibiiitv of tins parliai failure, is a question not to
; be settled hy the assertion or belief of ourselves, or ot our
late colleagues, hut bv an appeal to the facts leeorded in the
■ minutes of the hoard."—Doc. 390, 'pp. 3S5, 196.
1 To the long delay, in the first place, in determining upor.
; any mode whatever by which the business could be con-
j ducted, and then to the indirect and circuitous manner to
' which the claimants were eventually ohh^-d to lesortfoi
! the purpose of getting then* papers and docuim tu& before
l : the commissioners, i^, in our opinion, to be asenhed, in
some measure, the failure of the commission to examine al|
the eases before it, and to present them to the umpire in
season for his decision thereon. * - * * *
Many of the ea-;es presented to The boaid in sufficient lime
to have been finally acted upon, were suspended; some of
