96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 23,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Bayly.
Ho. of Reps.
them at the instance of our Mexican associates, for the pur-
pose of getting documents from Mexico." " In one impor-
tant case, the requisitions for documents were not forwarded
by the Mexican Government, and for want of them, being
such as believed Mexico was bound, under the conven-
tion, to furnish, the case was not submitted to the umpire,
and in our opinion could not have been, without jeoparding
the right of the paities interested in the claim."
In reference to some particular cases, these gen-
tlemen employ language much more emphatic and
accusatory. They specify the case of the Topaz,
in which, after adverting to the murder of the cap-
tain of that vessel, and the proceedings at Anahuac
growing out of that outrage, and expressing their
full pei suasion " that the whole proceedings at
4 Anahuac were designed to cover up a most bar-
4 barous and cruel transaction," they add: •'The
* object of the undersigned in commenting upon
' this case, is not to present its merits, but only to
' show the true cause why it was not finally dis- !
1 posed of." " If the Mexican commissioners had
' not caused action to be suspended on it for more
i than two months, and down to within one month
* of the expiration of the commission, it would
' doubtless have been finally disposed of." " A
* like delay, for the same cause, took place in re-
* spect to the several claims growing out of the
i seizure of the Julius Caesar, Champion, and
* Louisiana; the condemnation of the two former,
4 and the imprisonment of the persons on board
* them," 4$ But for the suspension of action upon
c these cases, at the instance, and by the votes of
4 the Mexican commissioners, on the allegation
4 that they had been withdrawn from the cogni-
sance of the board, they doubtless would been
' sent to the umpire in season to have received
4 his final judgment thereon."
Another instance, of a similar character, is pre-
sented in the case of Mr. "William S. Parrott,
which the American commissioners made the
subject of a special report, in which they fully
demonstrate (hat Mexico violated the terms of the
convention, by withholding papers which, 44 by an
4 express stipulation in the convention, that Gov-
4 eminent had come under an obligation'' to fur-
nish, and by transmitting such 44 as appeared on
4 the face of them imperfect,and, in some material
4 points contradictory." They conclude their
observations on this case in the following terms:
44 Finally, it appears quite evident to the undcr-
4 signed, that the documents which were demanded
4 and not furnished, were such as the Government
4 of Mcxico was bound, under the fourth article
4 of the convention, to furnish; that the requisition
4 was sent out at the earliest period at winch it
4 could have been sent; and that the want of those
4 documents, for not furnishing which no adequate
4 excuse has been given, is the cause why a final
4 disposition was not made of this chum of Mr.
4 Parrott."
In this debate it has been said by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mi. Hudson,] that it was
unfair to refer to the wrongs which Mexico has
inflicted upon our citizens, as she had acknowl-
edged them, and made arrangements to make rep-
aration, which she had not done only in conse-
quence of her inability. In this the gentleman is
utterly mistaken, os these extracts from our pub-
lic documents will show. The comment of our
public functionaries will supersede the necessity
of any by me. In his despatch of the 25th July,
1843, Mr. Upshur, our Secretary of State, referring
to one out of many of the cases not acted on, said:
"The conduct of Mexico,, as it seems to rue, had made it
the duty of the United State* to insist on piompt and specific
relief, so tar as this ease [Mr. P.iriott's] is concerned. She
lias rendered herself liable to the ehaigc of having broken
her faith and disregarded her obligation*'. Sho ha<« not com-
plied with a single stipulation of the convention of 18.^9.
She has not hpii projc&ied to have produced a laige munbei,
nearly half of the documents called for; and many of tho«e
which she did produce, weieeithenmpcrfect or grossly falsi-
fied. The American eomnn^joners complained of tins, but
without redrew ; and, to add to the injuries ami contemptu-
ous conduct of the Meucari commissioners, they took back
with them, against the consent and remonstrances of the
American commissioners and of the Secretary of State, nil
the falsified and impei h;ct documents which they had sub-
mitted. Ail tin•< will fully app< arfroin the enclosed extracts
from the proceedings of the hoard. It is quite evident that,
so far as the claimant h concerned, he can have little hope
of success before any new commission. He must necessa-
rily relv upon the same evidence which he. has heretofore
applied for in vain; and he mint make Ins demand on the
same Government which li.is heretofore treated the same
demand with neglect and contempt. He can havenosecuri-
ty whatever that he will receive from a second commission
a more just treatment than he received from the first. Tf he
fehould be compelled to submit his claims de novo, and upon
the same principles which governed the former imperfect and
unfair consideration of it, there is no reason to hope for any-
thing better than a repetition of the same unjust treatment
which he has heretofore received.
" And how stands our Government in relation to this mat-
ter? We have undertaken to see justice done to our in jured
and complaining citizens. Wo have demanded justice of
the Mcxican Government. We have entered into stipula-
tions with that Government,' by which a fair and honorable
adjustment of all these matters might be had. Mexico, by
her own act, came undera new obligation. The debt which
she owed to our citizens she guarantied by a solemn com-
pact with our Government. On our part we have kept our
faith; while she has broken hers This has changed the
whole chaiacter of the question. Our Government is now
a paity—not in interest, but in honor. We are bound to
redress the wrong which has been done to one ot our citi-
zens. ; and tins not merely by the general obligation which
re^e* upon every nation to protect and defend its own people,
but by the additional consideration, that having undertaken
to do this, we are committed in honor not to give back. We
must not permit Mexico to retreat from the Agreement which
she has made with us, nor to excuse herself from the faith-
ful performance of it."
The commissioners absolutely put every judicial
proceeding at defiance. "When, under the stipula-
tions of the treaty, they were required to produce
documents to establish claims, they produced false
documents; and then, after breaking up the con-
vention, laid violent hands upon these false docu-
ments, and carried them off against the remon-
strances of our Secretary of State—absolutely going
into the department and bearding our Secretary in
his own office. I have here what Daniel Webster
said, but it is too long to read. We have a great
many of those claims—to th*e amount of many
millions—upon that Government, but which Mex-
ico has never even pretended to settle. And yet
the gentleman comes here and attempts to excuse
the conduct of Mexico. He says that she lias
acknowledged these debts—that she has not paid
them only because of her inability. Let the gen-
tleman and the public look to the records, and see
whether this advocacy of the conduct of Mexico
does not absolutely go to the extent of falsifying
our public documents! I assert that it does.
This was the character of our claims upon Mex-
ico when our minister was sent there on a mission
of peace to treat with her. The gentleman says
that the Mexican Government had consented to
cceivo a commissioner to treat on the subject
of Texas, and that it was wrong in our Govcrn-
deny the truth of the remark, that the consent of
ment to refuse to disconnect that question and
our other claims. In the first place, 1 utterly
the Mcxican Government was confined to a com-
mission concerning merely the question of boun-
dary
But before I come to that point, I desire to make
a few other remarks in connexion with the subject
of these claims of our people upon the Government
of Mexico. I have already referred m general
terms to the difference of treatment which England
and Prance have received at the hands of Mex-
ico from that which has been submitted to by us.
But I desire to refer to this subject more in de-
tail.
Prior to 1838, the subjects of France had suffer-
ed at the hands of the Mexican people and" Gov-
ernment outrages and wrongs similar to those
i which had been inflicted upon the citizens of this
! republic. She had demanded rediess through her ■
I Minister. Mexico resorted to her customary arts
and tricks of diplomacy to avoid rendering it, until
the patience of Prance was exhausted, and the
Baron Deffaudis, Minister Plenipotentiary of
France, addressed to the Mexican Government an
ultimatum, dated on board the frigate L'Hermione,
March 21st, 1838, in which he detailed the wrongs
which Frenchmen had received at the hands of
Mexico—none of which surpassed, and few of"
which equalled, those which had been inflicted
upon our citizens; indeed, some of them were
wrongs which were inflicted at the precise time
upon Frenchmen and Americans,—and concluded
with the following demands:
" 1st. The treasury of the republic shall deliver, prior to
the 25th of Ma) next, on board the French squadron which
may then be at Vera Cruz, the sum of $600,000; the dispo-
sition of which sum his Majesty's Government reserves to
itself, as well as the apportionment among those Fienchmcn
who have suffered wuhin the Mexican territory injuries sus-
tained under the three heads or classes which aie designated.
Tins payment being made, the Mexican Government shall
be released from all claims hv France, embraced wuhin the
said three classes, for causes prior to the first day of the pres-
ent month of March.
"•2d. The credits which Frcnch citizens hold against the
Mexican Government are not comprehended within the pre-*
ceding stipulation; and the Mexican Government solemnly
binds itself to interpose no future difficulties in the way of
the regular and piompt payment of these debts.
"3d. General Gregono Gomez, who ordered in Tainpico
the assassination of the two Frenchmen, Demovesent and
Sausieu, shall be deprived of his employment; and there
shall be paid, as an indemnification to the two families of
'the victims, the sum of $20,000.
" 4th. The most precise and distinct stipulations are re-
quired for the future."
* * •< * * - * 4 *
" Such are the demands which the undersigned, as already
indicated, is charged to address once more, and for the last
time, to the Mexican Government. The present note is an
ultimatum; and the determination of France, which it ex-
plains, is irrevocable, to employ the very expressions of his
excellency the Piesident of the King's Council. The de-
mands contained in this ultimatum have been so repeatedly
discussed, under every variety of form, and for so long a
time, between the Mexican Ministry and the French Lega-
tion, that the former might certainly be prepaied to furnish
a categorical answer in forty-eight hours. Nevertheless, the
undersigned will await a reply until the 15th of April, tf
(which "God forbid) this reply shall contain a negative ujion
any one of the points proposed ; if even its language shall be
^ambi?uous in any one particular; if, in short, it shall be.de-
layed beyond the 15th of April, the undersigned will imme-
diately place the farther conduct of the business in the hands
of M. Bazoche, commander of the naval forccs ot his Ma-
jesty, of which a.pai tare already on the coast of Mexico, and
this superior officer will proceed to execute the orders he has
received. If, on the contrary, (and God grant such may be the
case,) the answer shall be entirely affirmative upon every
point, M. Bazoche will then have no pait in the business, ex-
cepting only in case the promises made by the Mexican Gov-
ernment shall not be completely fulfilled on the 15th of May.
In any ease, however, in which this officer shall be required
to act, from the moment that he has begun to cany out his
order*, the execution of them cahnot be interrupted or sus-
pended without the entire and perfect fulfilment of cveiy
rcquncment of this ultimatum
Upon the receipt of this communication, the
Mexican Government immediately put in requi-
sition all of its dissimulation and artifice. It made
promises and assurances without number; and by
these means, kept the French Minister from ex-
ecuting his threats until the following November,
when the French squadron opened upon the castle
of St. Juan de Ulloa. It was taken, and the Mex-*
icans compelled to pay not only the $600,000, but
fp200,000in addition, to defray the expenses of the
attack.
So much for France. Let us now see a fetf in-
stances of the manner in whic]^ England has sought
and obtained redress for wrongs inflicted upon
Englishmen. I quote from a pamphlet published
by R. S. Cox, Esq., of this city, to which I am
indebted for a part of the documents in which the
facts are found that I have presented to the com-
mittee:
" In the yoar 1832, outrages were committed in Tabasco,
in winch FJntich subjects and American citizens resident in
Mexico were equal sufferers. They were subjected to heavy
pecuniary loves, and to serious peisonal injuries and insults.
In the year 1833, the British Minister obtained full redress
for the wiongs sustained by Ins countrymen by the energy
with which he prosecuted his demands for reparation. In
IS 10, the Anict hmji suftVrei*, who participated in these, same
lo>se«, are still without remuneration. Thi« is one of the
numerous instances in which citizens of the United States,
merchants, captain^ of merchant vessel*, and sailor*, were
subjected to the mo^t ciuel abuses,imprisonment, and one of
them actually murdered. They endured these evils m com-
mon with other foreigner^. Those who weic under the
pioteciion of* England and France have been indemnified by
Mexico; but our citizens suffer without redress, and those
who perpetrate these outrages upon them, escape with nft-
puiuty. The narratives of Kendall and Giegg show these
are not insulated instances."
Only one other instance will be referred to:
"In the year 1833, General Arista, then commanding a
force in opposition to the existing authoiities, look about
one hundred thousand dollars from an English mining com-
pany, winch he applied to the payment of the troops under
his command. The company called upon the Government
to indemnify it for this outrage. The demand was refused,
on the giound that the nation could not he justly held
ie-;ponsible for the acts of those who were not only acting
without its authouly, but in defiance of the constitutional
powers of the country."'
The British Minister in Mexico, the right hon-
orable R. Pakenham, who so ably represents his
Government here at this time, rejected this excuse;-
and he informed the Mexican Government that
they must either keep their people in order, or, in
the event of their committing wrongs upon others,
punish them, or, failing to do so, make reparation
With the fear of Great Britain before their eyes,
the reparation asked was granted ! And this was
done simultaneously with the refusal to atone to
Americans for similar wrongs.
Can a more mortifying spectacle than this be
presented to Americans?—that justice, systemati-
cally withheld from us, a sister republic, which is
promptly awarded to the subjects of kings! But
