98
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Dec. £3,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Bayly.
Ho. of Reps.
the report of what was said on both sides is omit-
ted.] ,,
Mr. B., resuming, said, the argument could not
J}e answered, and lie wfis therefore to be interrupted
in making it; but he should not be drawn aside
from his position. He had said, and he repeated
it, that the Mexican army was ordered to attack
ours before the Mexican Government could pos-
sibly know that our army had left its position at
Corpus Christi—before it could possibly know it
was opposite Matamoros. And yet we were told
that it was our march to the Itio Grande that pro-
duced the war.
Mr. B. should not go into the boundary ques-
tion, wtiich the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] had discussed so elaborately: the gentleman
admitted that the territory on the left bank of the
river where our anny took post was in dispute:
that was enough for Mr. B. The gentleman said
t was left by the resolution of annexation as an
open question : that was enough for him. Mexico
had refused to treat with us. She had threatened
war. She had declared that war was the only
alternative left to her. It was well known that
the Administration of Hen-era had been overthrown
because he had offered, or rather because he was
suspected of being willing, to negotiate with our
Government. And yet, when the President had
the absolute certainty that war would soon com-
mence, was he to hold back—to stand still with his
arms folded till the country in dispute was taken
possession of by the enemy? Or was it not his
duty to take possession first, if lie could, and be
ready then to act on the defensive?
But he could not dwell longeron this point—his j
time was rapidly escaping, and this abominable j
hour rule did not leave time to go into any point ]
as he wished to do.
He hastened, therefore, to notice the third ground
of accusation: which was, that the President had
been guilty of treason in permitting Santa Ana to
return to Mexico. The House had been told yes-
terday that while the President was in the very
act of treating with Paredes, he was secretly plot-
ting with his deadly enemy; and that in this con-
test between them, he had taken part with Santa
Ana, the bloody tyrant. The President, in his
message, had detailed the circumstance.? of this
whole ease. It was, in tact, impossible for him
to prevent Santa Ana's return. The extent and
the character of tlio Mexirfin roast alone made it
impossible. Besides, how had lie returned ? In
a British vessel—a British steamer—a national
vessel, belonging to a neutral nation, flow could
he prevent it, in accordance with the law of na-
tions? A national vessel of a neutral nation could
not be kept out by the blockade, and it was very
easy for Santa Ana to return in her in disguise;
and had the President, therefore, been ever so much
disposed, he could not have prevented his return.
But why should he? The gentleman said that in
allowing Santa Ana to leturn, the President was
taking part with Paredes. No; all he had done
was to lefuse to take part with Parcdes. Paretics
was the sworn enemy of the United States—Santa
Ana was plotting to puthimdown. Yet the gen-
tleman, [Mr. Davis,] in this quarrel between two
of ouv enemies, would have had the President in-
terpose to keep one of them out of Mexico, and
thus prevent intestine feuds in the heart of our ene-
my's country. He would have had him take part, j
with Paredes, and institute measures to keep his ;
Government undisturbed and in lull vigor. Mr. j
B. would like to know by what rule, either of na- j
tional law or of honor, the President was bound to I
prevent intestine divisions and commotions and bit-
ter personal feuds among the leaders of a hostile
nation ? Did not all nations, when engaged in
war, try to foment, or, at the very least, not to pre-
vent, such divisions and intestine broils? And
that was all that the President had done.
But I must leave this silly point of assault, and
hasten to the next, and that is, that the President
has been a usurper m establishing civil govern-
ment, or in authorizing the establishment of civil
government, in the conquered territory. I think
the message of the President, received yesterday,
has given the quietus to that ground of complaint.
I am here prepared, after a full examination of the
subject, to say that the most learned civilian could
not have pursued a more accurate and legal course
ter. I should say nothing on this point, if it were :
not for the very erroneous views which have been
taken in this debate of the rights and duties of a
conquering nation—views which, proceeding from
this Hall, are calculated to produce erroneous im-
pressions on the public mind. The laws and piac-
tices of nations leave very little room for doubt on
these points. By them the rights and duties of a
conqueror are clearly ascertained and defined. 1 he
was subsequently followed by the case of Rice,
decided unanimously by the Supreme Court of
the United States. In this case, Sir William Scott,
afterwards Lord Stowell, (a man who, in point of
intellectual endowment, as well as mental culture,
was far superior to his brother, Lord Eldon,) de-
j hvered the following judicial opinion :
j "The chief point to be considered is, whether, at tlie
j time this seizure was. made, Heligoland formed a part of the
dominions of the Crown of Gieat Butain or not. TheisLaiid,
nowerrf of the earth have so often been called on to j dominions of the trown ot fcieat Jjntain or not. ike•ulari
poweisui uit w ui nave   _ j1 ^ a{,years* had been conquered and taken possesion ofbv Bnt-
act upon them, that it could not wellbe otherwise, il ^ > •- < ■   -• -1 - - -
The title of almost all the nations of Europe to the I
territory now possessed by them in that quarter of i
the globe was acquired by conquest. When one (
nation conquers and possesses itself of the tenitory ;
of another, the conquering nation succeeds to all
the rights and duties of the conquered; and while
its possession continues, there is a substitution of
the jurisdiction and authority of the one for that
of the other. Relative to the extent of the rights
of property acquired by conquest, there is room
for as little doubt. We acquire the rights of the
conquered nation, whatever they are. Let us see
what ordinarily is the extent of them:
" The 1-teht of the State to its public property or domain
h ahsolute^nnd excludes that of its own subject*, as well as
other nations. The national proprietary right, in respect to
those tilings belonging to private individuals or bodies cor-
porate within its territorial limits, is absohde, as far as it
excludes that of nthei nations; but in respect to the mem-
ber* uf the State, it h paramount only, and forms what is
called the eminent domain.5'—Wheaton's Low of Nations,
p. <308.
These are the rights to which a conquering na-
tion succeeds. It suceceds to rights in public real
property, however subject to the doctrine of "jus
post liminiias well as the doctrine of " uti possi-
detis." In respect to the lights of the State to Us
public real property 01* domain, the conquering na-
tion acquires a right which is absolute, except so
far as it 13 impaired by the 61 jus post hminiiAs
soon a conquest is made, the doctrines of "jus
post Uininii" and i( %Ut possidetis," immediately ap-
ply. According; to the latter doctrine:
t:This treaty of peace leaves everything m the state in
which it found it. unless there be some expiess stipulation j
to the eontraiy. The exiting state of possession is ire tin tain- j,
e<f, except so far «« allerciL/.y the tn ms of treaty. Tf nothing |
he said ahoul the eonquf^d countries or phi res, they remain \
with the eouqucror* and his title cannot afterwards he called in |
question. Duuny the continuance of the war, the eonqueroi ;
iu possesion has only ;m ueufi actuary nsht; and the latent I
title of the luinier . overngn continues until the trentv of j
pence, bv iH silent operation, or expires provision*, extin- !
gui-hos his title forever."—Whcaton L. jV., p. ">12. {
According* to the former, that is, the " jus post !
liminii," the title acquired in war to real property ■
must be confirmed by a treaty of peace, or long ;
and permanent possession, before it con be con- j
sidered completely valid; for until such treaty, or j ...... . ....
until the territory is abandoned by its original sov- !?ent5 anc^ no decision is thus made which the
erei^n, the territory is constantly liable to recon- Government will not go to war to maintain
ish'force■>, but the conquest had not been confirmed in this
count,y hy a treaty of peace. It was a firm capture in war,
but was still subject to a kind of latent title in the enem),
by winch he might have recovered it at the conclusion of
the war, provided tin.-? country would have consented to its?
restitution." *■**■* " 1 ob-erve that the grnntfrom the
Crown to the Lord High Admiral applies to the King's do-
minions genei ally, and that there is nothing which point*
to a distinction between those parts of the King's, dominions
over which the Crown ha? plenum dominium, or otheiwise.
No point is more clearly settled m the court" of common
law than that a conquered country fornix, immediately, part of
the Kindts dominion*.—(Campbell vs. Hall, Coupe-) 's Heports,
208.) In a late instance, we know tliat an island so acqui red
(Guadeloupe) itas transferred to a third Power, subject, un-
doubtedly, to the shadowy right of the former proprietor. H
is said that a conquest of this kind may be re-acquired,
flagrante bello, by the State fiom which it was taken ; but so
may any other possesion, though torming part of the origi-
nal and established dominions ot the Crown of shiseomitiy,
tf the enemy has it m his power to make the conquest.
The same observation is applicable to the I«le of Wieiit, as
well as to Heligoland; for the enemy has the same light to
make a conquest of the one as of the other. Ft is «md that
the enemy mav recover back the island of Heligoland when
peace takes place; but it is equally true that the conqueror
mav retain it if he can ; and if nothing is said about it in the
! tt eat if, it remains uith the possessor, whose title cannot after-
1 ward be called in question. The distinction between the
! mo t-pceies> of teriitoriHj-. i>, in fact, rather more formal than
! real and substantial; at least I mu&t pto(e*s my irab.hiy to
: see any distinction between them that can materially affect
j the present question.
' " The powei of the, British Government wa« full and com-
I pletc: and, though the Lords Comtrii.-sioners of the Admi-
j ralty might not have interposed the particular authority mth
i which they are invested, yet the Crown had exeteised its
! authon'tv, and the Admualty, a* the giantee of the Ciown,
i would succeed to its rights. It might have erected a court
I there for the exercise of admiralty jurisdiction ; and, if it
i did not, I presume that it only refrained fiom doing so be-
| cause it was not thought that public * onvemence ieqtiiie<l
it. The enemy certainly had no right to sav that a ceurt of
i that kind should not be'erected there. Under the cireum-
{ stances, I think there is no solid ground for the distinction
that has been taken; and, though I am by no means dis-
posed, at this time of day, to enlarge the hounds of the
ancient giant from the Crown to the Loid High Admisal,
which i*> now become of les«consequenoe,yet it is the duty
of the Court to maintain ancient landmark?. I shall pro-
nounce for the claim ot the Admiralty, and condemn tins
ship as= droits, of admiralty."
This is the doctrine of the English courts, fol-
lowed by our own, and I may add of the English
Government too. For it ;s known that in all ques-
tions concerning national rights, the English courts
dccide in harmony with the views of the Govern-
quest, upon which the original sovereign owner
would be restored to the possession of his domin-
ions; and all intermediate alienations, except to a
neutral, would be avoided. But I
"The {jus post li/mnii' is aright which belongs exclusively !,
to .1 vtate of uar, and therefore a tianMci to a neutral, before
j the peace, even withoutajudicial senfeneeofcondemnation, |
i i< valid, if there lias been no recovery or iceapfu re before the !
peace. The intervention of peace covers all defect* of title, |!
and vests a l.iwful possesion m the neutial, in the same K
manner a* it quiets the title of the hostile captor himself.'' |!
(Wheaton\s Law of Nations.) j;
So even, flagrante hello, the conqueror could sell !
hiy conquest to a neutral Power.
And here I desire to call the attention of the [
House to a distinction which, during this debate, j;
seems to have been lost sight of, viz: the differ-j1
ence of the rights which a conqueung nation ac- J1
quires to real properly, held by the State, and such ji
as has been gianted to private individuals. Ac- ii
cordinff to the laws of nations, as modified in
The only difference whatever between the rights
of a nation m a country which it has conquered,
even during- its military possession of it, and before
peace, and in its original possessions, is, that in the
former, in the case of recapture or reeession in the
treaty of pcace—unless in it it is otherwise pro-
vided—all intermediate acts of the conqueiing
sovereigns are superseded and avoided. But if ia
the treaty of peace the territory is retained; or if,
without any such treaty, the possession becomes
permanent, then they are confirmed. This is the
law as to real property. As to personal property,
it is different. The title of the captor to this spe-
cies of property is considered complete against the
original owner after twenty-four hours, in respect
to booty on land. The same rule was originally
considered as applicable to captures at sea; but
the more modern doctrine requiies, in respect to
them, a formal condemnation as a prize of war in
order to picc-lude the right of the original owner.
Of course I speak here of public property. Under
modern times, the latter is free from confiscation , , ......
in ordinary .cases, and over it the conqueror only j: modern usage, private property on land is respect-
acquires the eminent domain. But the title of such ed. In this there has been a great modification of
as is still held by the State passes, absolutely, to ! the law of nations, in modern times. In ancient
the conqueror, subject, however, to the " jus post I times, both the moveable and immoveable property
iimmii." The American and English judicial de-of the vanquished passed to the conqueror. Such
' cisions are entirely in accordance with these doc-!, was the Roman law; arid even things which were
; trines. In the case of l<T!ie Folthia(Dodson's ji called i(res sacrce," were not exempt from capture
' ' ' * "*" * * * and confiscation. And as late as the conquest of
England by William of Normandy, the greater
Admiralty Reports, p. 450,) that great jurist, Sir
W. Scott, decided most of these principles; but
i before I proceed to quote his judgment, permit me
| to say it has been quoted and adopted by Judge
than has the Administration with regard to this mat- j Story in the case United States us. Hay ward, which
part of the lands were even partitioned and divided
i among the conquerors. In modern times, private
1 property on land is exempt from confiscation, with
