100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 9)
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Ficklin.
Ho. or Reps.
The honorable gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Caleb B. Smith] speaks of the gross and palpa-
ble injusticedone to the volunteers by keeping them
inactive on the Rio Grande, where about fifteen
hundred have sickened and died; and he seeks to
attach blame to the President on that account. He
cannot reprobate more strongly than I do, the in-
human eonduet practised by those in authority
toward the volunteers. Brave, gallant, and chiv-
alrous young men, with high hopes of distinction
and renown, have been kept in the pestilential
marshes and burning sun of the Rio Grande, until
disease and death have fastened upon their viials,
and they will be left to sleep upon the banks of
that turbid stream " unknelled, uncoffined, and un-
known." To fall in battle, with the proud con-
sciousness of having done your duty to your coun-
try, robs death of many of its terrors; but to find
the " form prisoned in the icy fetters of disease,"
far, far from kindred and from home, stung with '
the conviction of wrongs from superior officers,
growing out of indifference to the health and life
of the volunteer, leaves the volunteer but little con-
solation in that last trying hour of his existence.
But, sir, who is responsible? That is the question.
If it be the Piesident's fault, let him bear it; if Gen-
eral Taylor's, let him bear it. The responsibility
is a fearful one, rest where it may. I must give
an extract from the speech of my friend from Geor-
gia, [Mr.Toombs,] as reportedm the Intelligencer,
where he makes the charge direct that the blame is
upon the President and not with General Taylor,
in regard to the operations of our army in Mexico.
He says:
' We have victories without advantages, anil it is not the
fault of our gallant <reneial in tin- fii'lil.''
<e He has done ail tlrit could bo done with the menus in
his power. After the battles of the 8th an.I 9th of May flic
Mexican army escaped, because we had no means ot fol-
lowing up our victories."
"The enemy had full leisure to fortify himself in hn
strongholds, ami, aftei the lapse of near live mouths, our
generals were again able to advance upon the enemy with
an insufficient force, and defeat him, and attain lose the
fruits of victory by an inability to piusue the enemy attei
the capture of Monterey. That place capitulated on the
24th of September. Our Government, always brave jit
words, and energetic in giving empty orders, terminate!
the armistice; but the army is unable, lor want of mcic
transportation and munitions of war, to advance upon
Potosi, whoie the Mexican general, whom the President
furnished the enemy, has made a stand, and from out inhu-
mation, is ready to tight us. The President has, all tin*,
tune, had ample powoi to furnish men and munition:, to
our gener.ils. rf lie had sent tlu> lifrj thousand n.eu we
authorized in Ma\ last, the crumby would have reaped some
substantial advantages from Hie inM-nre and Wood winch
Bhe has evpended ; but, a- it i-, vv<* aie as far fiom complet-
ing a peace as we were the dav we matted in this mum tu-
nate war. When the Pavident detenmnrd to cross the Iho
Grande, he should have done it with an adequate foice to
produce decisive result*. With the Government in th 1
hands of our present rulers, we arc constantly liable to haw
the nation disgraced m the midst of us victories."
The first complaint that we heard from General
Taylor, started while the volunteers were vet arm-
ing,and before they had ail reached the Rio Grande,
and it is this: that the Government was sending
him too many troops—crowding upon him more
than he wanted. But his friends take the opposite
ground, and declare that he has not sufficient force.
Thus you see that the President cannot stop the
complaints of tho&e who are determined to' find
fault with him.
For my part, I had thought that the General m
-command had the disposal of the troops, after they
were mustered into service.and placed under his
charge, and 1 still think so. ' Fighting in a foreign
country, far removed from the seat of Government,
eyeiy latitude must necessarily have been given to
General Taylor, and the responsibility isupon him
There is abundant evidence, that General Taylor
■was certainly a great favorite with the President at
the commencement of this war. He not only bie-
vetted him, but appointed him major general: and
it is hardly probable that he would hd\e him su-
perseded by General Scott, if there is not so\w
evidence of his seeking to make this a war for the
Presidency, or evincing a want of capacity t0 con-
duct a war on so extensive a plan, or disobcyiiio-
orders, or doing something wrong in regard to the
war. Complaints have been made against Genera!
Taylor for not pursuing the enemv and taking a
large number of prisoners before "the Mexicans
crossed the Rio Grande, after the battle of the 9th
oi May last; for keeping some ten thousand vol- !
unteerft, during the sickly season, along the llio '
Grande; for fighting the battle at Monterey with '
six thousand men, when, according to the report of
General Jones, he had 18,332 soldiers under his
command, exclusive of the 2,660 under the sepa-
rate command of General Wool, and the 3,992
under the separate cojnmand of General Kearny.
Deduct from this number the 1,743 troops who
were en route for Mexico, and it still leaves him
16,589; deduct the 1.500 who have died of disease,
(three times the number killed in war,) and he had
over 15,000 left. Make a still further allowance
for the sick and disabled, and it leaves a large
number of volunteers who were not permitted to
share in the honors of battle. His battering train,
too, one of the finest in the world, with one thou-
sand cartridges to each forty-two-pounder, was not
taken with him to the siege of Monterey. This
cannot be for want of teams; for the Government,
I am informed, has sent twelve hundred wagons to
Mexico, and mules without number. Where all
these mules and wagons were, I do not know. The
terms of the capitulation at Monterey are not sat-
isfactory, and have received severe strictures; be-
cause it is said that in thirty minutes, or at most
in a very short time, an unconditional surrender
could have been coerced. It seems that these
things are understood in camp, and that an officer
of the army has written a sort of semi-official letter,
which is published in the New Orleans Picayune
of the 27th ultimo, and fully endorsed by that pa-
per, (whether under the eye of General Taylor or
not, 1 cannot tell,) defending his course, and very
modestly and courteously attaching the blame to
others. Now, it cannot be expected that the Presi-
dent will consent to be made the "scape-goat" for
the sins and blunders of our generals m Mexico;
and, therefore, when a thing of that sort is attempt-
ed, it is important to see that the saddle is put on
the right horse. 1 will here give you an extract
from that letter:
"Montkrey, Mexico. December 9,184G.
" In writing of the opeiations o\ the campaign, 1 beg that
I may not he classed among the 'scribblers fioni the army,'
who write only to trumpet Yoith their own tame and that of
their corp—doing justice to none, injustice to many, and
blinding the people as to the operations or the army. * •* *
a Suppose General Wool, with his forec and enormous
supply of tianspmtatioii and subsistence, had been concen-
i Trated on Geneial Taylor, would the latter have marched on
! Monteiey with onlysiv thousand men, nothaving morethan
] enough tran<poitation to carry subsistence tor that number,
j and having to leave behind him his battery train on that
. account?
j Ci Had not the Chihuahua expedition been planned, and
I had the ton e and supplies of that army been promptly con-
j rentiated <>n General Tavlor, we would have been hefoie
: IWonteiey eight weeks sooner, when it might have been
' taken without Imng a gun."'
, Again, the same writer says :
<* Out foiee im^t be increased, the necessary subordination
of mihtaiy operations to the measure of supplies inu^t be
better con-ideicd, and tl.o plans ofcampai'gn mast be in strict
accordance with mihtai\ .-cienee. Then will our geneial in
the field s-iiow to the world that he is not the man to win a
battle and lo^e its advuidages."
This writer, (who seems to speak er cathedra, is
the advocate and defender of General Taylor, and
who, for ought 1 know, may be one of his aids,)
admits, that if the General had been possessed of
General Wool's ''force and enormous supply of
transportation and subsistence," he would not have
appeared before Monterey with hut six thousand
men. Why, then, did he leave behind more than
half the force under his command, taking with him
but few volunteers? Is it not for the reason that
he had not confidence in them ?
Again, the writer says that with General Wool's
force, they could have been before Monterey eight
weeks sooner, and have taken it without firing a
gun. General Wool's force was a separate com-
mand, and known to be so. General Taylor ad-
\anoed finally to Monterey without it; and why
could he not have done the same thing eight weeks
sooner, so as to have taken the city without firing
a gtin r
The writer seeks to justify General Taylor's
capitulation, on the scorc of scarcity of provisions;
but if an unconditional surrender could have been
coerced in a very short time, (and it is said that it
could have been compelled in thirty minutes,) there
was no need to have given the Mexicans the terms
granted to them.
The closing sentence of the letter shows how !
forcibly the mind of its author is impressed with j
the fact, that while General Taylor, aided by un- j
flinching soldiers and officers, has won <{ battles," i
he has lost the " advantages'' of them. The letter !
is an ingenious one, artfully, ably, and plausibly
prepared and studied, for the purpose of attaching
blame to those who planned the campaign, and
of relieving General Taylor from the responsibility
of any blunder he may have made.
I would not, if I could, pluck a single laurel from
the brow of General Taylor, but, on the contrary,
most giat fying would it be if I should hear that'in
storming Vera Cruz or San Luis Potosi he had
eclipsed the victories of Palo Alto, Resaca de la
Palma, and of Monterey; but at the same time the
halo of glory which encircles his name shall not
deter me f.om reviewing the treatment of our
volunteers on the Rio Grande, many of whom were
my constituents arid friends. Nor can it prevent
me from speaking out, when I think that an effort
is being made to give him undeserved piaise, and
shield him from deserved responsibility, for the
purpose of breaking down the Administration.
Brave, firm, and unyielding, I have every confi-
dence in General Taylor, so far as mere fighting is
concerned.'
This war is bound to be prosecuted to an hon-
orable peace. Let no one on this floor or elsewhere
be frightened from his " propriety" in support of
it, by the high-sounding denunciations of the few
who are willing to assume the fearful responsi-
bility of voting against the necessary supplies to
carry it on. They are like the boy that whistles
by a graveyard in the night, to drown his fears.
Mr. Clay, who commands more of the confi-
dence, devotion, and veneration, of the Whig party
than any—yes, than all—the statesmen now*liv]n<?,
is, out and out, in favor of the war. I give an
extract from a speech delivered by him in New
Orleans, on the 22d of last month, at a meeting of
the New England Society of that city. He says:
"I have been sent to the retirement of private life, in
which I acquiesce with pleasure, as it gives me an oppoitu-
mty of recruiting my health, and for my own personal im-
provement. But, although lendinga li<e of retirement, I am
not altogethei unob«ei vant of the pioceedmgs relating to the
condition, welfare, and pi osperity, of our country; and when
I saw around me to-night General Brook and othei old
friends, I felt half inclined to ask for some little nook or
comer in the army, in which J might serve, in avengme the
wrongs to my country. [Applause.] I have thought that I
might j'et he able to capture or to &hiy a Mexican. [A|>-
plausa.] I shall not he able to do so, however, this year;
but hope that success will >ttll crown our gallant arins^ and
the war terminate in an honorable peace."
Jt is refreshing, after the studied efforts of some
on this floor to put their country in the wrong and
Mexico in the right on this issue, to hear one so
distinguished as Mr. Clay speak as becomes an
American citizen. He is for the war; he was for
the war of 1612, in the front rank; and his friends
will stand by him, the threats of the " peace party"
to the contrarynotwithstanding. The storm raised
against this war is but the gentle breeze of the
evening, compared with the tornado gotten up in
New England against the war of 1812. The pulpit,
the legislative halls, and town meetings, resounded
with denunciations of the Democratic party. All
were vehement, from the ale-house politician to the
priest at the altar, m their invectives against Mr.
Madison, as the war President. The federalists
of that day tried to force their Government to
sue for peace, by defeating its efforts to borrow
money to conduct the war, arid they enlisted the
Boston banks in their vile plots. 1 will give, to
show the tone and temper of the times, a few ex-
tracts fiom the<f Olive Branch/' published by
Matthew Ca>-ey. The Massachusetts Senate de-
clared that " the war was founded in falsehood,
' declared without necessity, and its real object
' was extent of territory by unjust conquests, and
' to aid the late tyrant of Europe in his \iew of
' aggrandisement."
The Boston Gazette of April 14, 1814, says:
'k ft is very grateful to find that the universal sentiment is
that any man who lends his monev to the Government, at
the present time, will forfeit ail claim to common honesty
and common couitesy among all true friends to the coun-
try."
" Rut, secondly, Federalists will not lend money, because
they will never get it again."
"Let no man who wished to continue the war by active
means, by vote, or lending money, dare to prostrate him-
self at the altar on the fast day; for they are actually as
much partakers in the war, as the soldier who thrusts the
bayonet; and the judgment of God will await them."
Next, I will read a few extracts from the sermons
of three pious divines of the Massachusetts stamp,
whose consciences were so tender as to compel
them to take sides with Great Britain, and against
