1847. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
let
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. FicMin.
Ho. of Reps.
their own country. First, let us see what the Rev.
J. S. J. Gardiner felt it his duty to say to his flock
at Trinity Church, in Boston, July 23, 1812, on a
day of public fast. He tells them:
"It is a war unexampled in the history of the world;
wantonly proclaimed on the most frivolous and groundless
pretences, against a nation from whose friendship we might
derive the most signal advantages, and from who&e hostility
we have reason to dread the most tremendous looses."
<c So far from their being British partisans in thiscouritry,
it is difficult to find an individual candid enough to do that
nation common justice."
" Every provocation has been offered to Great Britain on
our part, and our resentment lias risen in propoition as she
has shown a conciliating spirit."
" What consequence is it to you if they be repealed or not,
if you are sold to Napoleon, as you have leason to believe,
by the slaves who have abused your confidence! !"
Let no considerations whatever, my brethren, deter you
at all tunes, and in all places, from execrating the present
war. It is a war unjust, foolish, and ruinous. It is unjust,
because Great Britain has offered us every concession short
of what she conceives would be her ruin."
We now call up the Rev. David Osgood, pastor
of the church in Medford, and see how far he was
conscience-smitten on this subject. The next
Lord's Day after war was declared, he said:
" If, at the command ot weak or wicked rulers, they un-
dertake an unjust war, each man who volunteers his ser-
vices in such a cause, or loans his money lor its support, or j
by his conversation, his writings, or any othermodeol'mfiu- '
ence, encourages it-? prosecution, that inan is an accomplice
in the wickedness, loads his conscience with the blackest
ciimes, bring* the guilt of blood upon his soul, and, in the
sight of God and Ins law, is a muiderer."
We will next hear the pious ejaculations of the
Rev. Elijah Parish. April 8, 1813, he says:
"Let evety man who sanctions this war by his suffrage
or influence, remember that he if laboring to cover himself
and his country with blood. The blood of the slain will cry
from the gtoutid again>-t him."
The next item in this connexion is the blue
lights, about which so much has been said, to stig-
matize effectually and in ail time those concerned
in getting them up. At page 287 Military and
Naval Letters," the following may be found:
Extract of a letter from Chmmodore Stephen Decatur to the
^ Secretary of the Navy.
"New London, December 20,1813.
" Some few nights since, the weather promised an oppor-
tunity for this squadron to get to sea, and it was said on
shore that we intended to make the attempt. In the course
of the evening two blue lights were burnt on both the points
at the harbor's mouth as signals to the eni'iny; and there is
not a doubt but that they have, by signals and otheiwise,
instantaneous infonnation of our movements. Great but
unsuccessful pxcrtions have been made to detect those who
communicate with the enemy by signal. The editor of the
New London Gazette, to alarm them, and in a hope to pre-
vent the repetition of these signals, stated in that newspaper
that they had been observed, and ventured to denounce
those who had made them m animated and indignant teims.
The consequence is, that he has incurred the express cen-
sure of some of his neighbors. Notwithstanding these sig-
nals have been repeated and have been seen by twenty per-
sons at least in this squadron, there are men in New London
who have the hardihood to affect to disbelieve it, and the
effrontery to avowtheir disbelief. I have the honor to be, &c.
"STEPHEN DECATUR.
" Hon. William Jones, Secretary of the Navy."
The Hartford Convention was part of the ma-
chinery necessary to carry out the treasonable pur-
poses of this self-styled " peace party."
The English language is too barren, and fails of
terms of execration sufficiently strong, to charac-
terize, as it should be done, the conduct of men
who, under the hypocritical profession of morality
and religion, were willing to jeopard the integrity
of the Union, for the miserably selfish purpose of
placing themselves in power.
All are aware of the heavy judgment which was
visited upon these men; the mark of Cain was
placed upon their foreheads, so that they might be
known everywhere; and I read these few extracts,
and many more might be furnished, as a timely
warning to all not to be found taking part against
their country in time of war.
There is, so far as they have yet ventured to go,
a remarkable similarity between the denunciations
of Mr. Madison then, and President Polk now; and
now, as then, the hot-bed of the Opposition is in
Boston, Massachusetts, and some other of the New
England States. So just, so popular, and so patri-
otic, was the present war, when the bill providing for
its prosecution passed, that but fourteen members
of this House voted against it, and the leaders of
that jnemor^ble band were from Massachusetts.
Massachusetts has not as yet let her clergy loose
(that I have heard of) on this war: the pulpit ha3
not been desecrated with political sermons against
the country. In this the clergy have mended their
manners, and I trust their religion also.
In order to make this matter perfectly plain, so
that no one need mistake it, the great northern
statesman, [Mr. Webster,] who, as a young man,
was a most determined opponent of the last war,
and voted against supplies for the army, is now,
as a matured and ripened politician, equally zealous
in his hostility to the Mexican war; so much
so that he threatens to have the President im-
peached for his conduct in regard to it. Now
while we are looking with some anxiety for the
Webster articles of impeachment to be presented
to this House, we begin to fear that the project has
been abandoned.
Josiah duincy, of Massachusetts, had in his
day the patriotic hardihood to file articles of im-
peachment against Mr. Jefferson, and on the final
vote he stood "solitary and alone" in support of
his proposition. Cannot some one now be found
who is sufficiently patriotic to present a similar
proposition in regard to President Polk?
I hope that General Scott, possessing more ex-
perience in regard to military operations on a large \
scale, though not more stern and unyielding cour- 1
age than General Taylor, may be able to close the ;
war by spring, and that we may then draw an m- j
demnity line, and hold California and the northern
provinces, until Mexico shall consent to treat and
render us ample justice. To effect this end, I am
willing to vote the amount of men and money
necessary, and am further willing to embrace the
entire free list within the provisions of the tariff of
ma.
Iam opposed to the bill now under considera-
tion, because I think it radically and essentially
wrong.
In the first place, it will not accomplish the ob-
ject in view, which is, a fierce and speedy prosecu-
tion of the war to its final close. In the second
place, it abandons the volunteer service, in which
the men elect their own officers. This is sought
to be done because a few of the regular officers
complain that the volunteer officers are not suf-
ficiently submissive to them. I am not willing
to lend my aid to this morbid inclination which
exists with the officers in the regular army, to
disparage and proscribe volunteers. In the third
place, we have too many officers already, and
this bill provides to increase the number, which I
cannot consent to do. At all events I shall first
make the effort to substitute volunteers.
Can the ten regiments be raised in time for this
war, if ever so much desired >
The question is answered by the report of Adju-
tant General Jones, who says that five thousand
nine hundred and forty-five men have been inlisted
from the 1st of October, 1845, to the 1st of October,
3846, a period of twelve months; and at this rate
it would require nearly two years to obtain the
requisite number of men.
The plan of conducting this war with volunteers
was adopted by the act of the 13th of May last.
It has worked well; it is a favorite measure with
me, and I see no reason to change it. Under this
bill ten thousand men—a force equal to the regular
army now in the field—is proposed to be brought
into service, to be officered by the President, and
not by their own voluntary selection of officers.
The hangers on about this city, and within
reach of it, not only think themselves eminently
qualified to hold any kind of an office, civil or
military, but also that they have something ap-
proaching to a vested right in them. Pass this
bill, and the hungry expectant, the systematic
office-seeker, and the gentleman loafer, would first
besiege members of Congress for recommenda-
tions, and then belabor the President for an ap-
pointment in the army, and 'it would require iron
nerves, indeed, to refuse them.
For myself, I cannot consent to withhold from our
fellow-citizens who engage in this war, the vital and
cherished privilege of electing the officers who are
to command them in the perilous hour of battle.
Should every effort in favor of volunteers fail,
j then, and not till then, can I be induced to vote for
ji regulars.
'! "One section of the bill provides for the appnint-
'j ment of additional majors, and there is no provi-
li sion ever to get rid of them. We are admonished,
ij in the most forcible manner, to make as little in-
! i crease as possible of officers in the regular army.
The remark made by Mr. Jefferson, in regard t$
Federal judges, (another classoflife officers,) "that
few die and none ever resign," is strictly applicable
to officers in the regular army. According to the
report of Adjutant"GeneraI Jones to the Secretary
of War, (which, I presume, is the most authentic
authority on the subject,) we have in actual ser-
vice now two regiments of dragoons, consisting of
1,283 men; four regiments of artillery, consisting
of 2,706 men; eight regiments of infantry, conr
sistingof2,898men; one rifle regiment of 665 men;
one company of engineer soldiers, 71; recruits en
route 762—making, in all, 8,385 regulars in field
service in Mexico. By making the calculation, it
will be seen that the regiments of artillery average
67(5; the eight re^imeftts of infantry average 3^2
to the regiment; hence there is nearly] double the
number of officers to each thousand of infantry that
there is to each thousand of artillery, and the artil-
i lery regiments want nearly one-third more of men
j to make them full, while the regiments of infantry
are not half full, giving therefore a suite of officers
I to one-third of a company of men, a mere corpo-
ral's guard; and yet we are called upon to provide
for the appointment of more officers.
|1 There are, 1 know, a great many officers hang-
w mg upon the Government, who are superannuated
ij and wholly unfit for service; when they cannot
&erve, let the younger ones take their places.
I will now give, from the official report of Gen-
eral Jones, some extracts relative to those officers
who should be in Mexico, but are not, from un-
fitness for service:
ZUt of the twelve field officers o f the four regiments o f artille-
ry on duty, and those u-ho, from age or other disability, art
disqualified for field service.
COLONELS.
1. James Bankkead, 2d artillery, commanding at New
York, the only field officer on the seaboaid from Maine to
New York, and who must continue in the discharge of his
ji moseut impoitiint duties,
■! 2. J. B. Walbuvh, 4th artillery, in command at FortMon-
!l roe, and where bis services are required > disqualified,from
I age. tor active field service,
'3. J. B. CYane, 1st artillery, (now member of a court of
| inquiry at Fort Monroe—previously on si* months'leave,
ij foi the benefit of his health 0 not physically able to take th®
.j licld for active service.
Ij 4. William Gates, 3d ;n tillery, commanding at the Charles-
|! ton station, whose services arc required on the seaboard.
LIEUTENANT COLONELS.
I. C. W. Fanning, 2d artillery, on the recruiting ser-
vice ; physically disqualified from taking the field.
2 B. K. Pierce, 1st artillery, commanding on the Pensar
cola station; stdte of his health not allowing him to tak#
the field; he has tried it very recently.
3. M. M. Payne, 4th artillery, absent; disabled by wound*
received in the battle of Resaca de la Palma.
4. F S. Bclton, 3d aitillery, commanding on the Balti-
more station, where his services are now required.
MAJORS.
1. John Ervinz, 2d artillery, just returned from the army
in Mexico, not being able to do field duty.
2. Levi Whiting, 1st artillery, commanding in Florida,
where his services are indispensable; relieved from follow-
in" his regiment into the field inconsequence of ill health.
3. W. L. McOhntork, 3d artillery,cannot walk; could not
when lie was promoted in June, 1843; and will probably
never be able to do a day's duty.
4. John L. Gardner, 4th artillery, serving with his regi-
ment m Mexico.
Remarks.
ft will be seen, from the foregoing, that of the twelve field
officers of artillery, only one, and he the junior major, is
with the army in Mexico, where there are four battalions of
artillery—two counting of si v companies each, and two of
live ; in all twenty-two companies. With these battalions
General Taylor ought to have the services of not less than
siv field officersot artillery, more especially when the nature
of the campaign, the latitude, and ehmatc, are considered ;
;| hut there is only one other field officer, and he the junior
I lieutenant colonel, who can, sometime hence, perhaps, be
•! ordeied to join the army in Mexico. It will also be seen,
I that of the twelve field officers of artillery, ei*ht are eonsiQ-
li ered unable to take the field by reason of age, wounds, or
'j other disabilities.
Lnt of field officers of infantry on duty, ami those who, from
age or other disability, arc disqualified for fiel$ service.
COLONELS.
1 H. Brady, 2d infantry, (brevet brigadier general,) com-
1 nianding 4th military department on the upper lakes, where
j in* services are required, and too old for field service m the
i SaUtV. Mmkle,7th infantry, (brevet brigadier general,)
oomma.Kl.ngi.1 the Cherokee country, Arkansas, where lii*
| S"VIeSMe&ootef5m^nfantry, (brevet brigadier general,)
commanding the western division, St. Louis, where he must
! remain M infantry) on leave formany years, heir.e
!'• rWmalified for'dutv by reason of age ami infirmity.
5 V J Worth, 8th infantry, (brevet brigadier general,)
