1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Missouri Compromise Line—Mr. Mc Clernand.
Ho. of Reps.
tions will always be strong enough to conduct the
Union safely through the public emergencies which
may arise. _ Time and circumstances, if they ripen
evils, also ripen the remedies. Providence, too, so
often our guardian and protector, may also inter-
pose in our behalf. By hastening, hurrying events,
we may precipitate evils, which, once done, cannot
be undone; which, perhaps, otherwise would never
have occurred. For these reasons, he (Mr. McC.)
hoped the question would not be agitated now.
For these reasons, he had voted against what is
called the " Wilmot proviso" at the last session,
and the amendment of the gentleman from South
Carolina now; and for the same reasons, he would
vote against the bill offered by the gentleman from
NewYork, and any and every agitation of the ques-
tion of sla*very at this time. He dared to say that
he would do this, notwithstanding the wo and
lamentation which had been foreboded to the rep-
resentatives from the free States who should do so.
And what was more, he believed there were other
representatives from the free States of the glorious
West, who, lifting themselves above all personal
considerations, and looking alone to the good of
the country, would do the same. [Here Mr.
McC. turned towards Mr. Wick, of Indiana.]
If political martyrdom should be the fate of the
representatives from the free States who should
adopt so disinterested, fearless, and (might he not
add) patriotic, a course, they at least could say,
"Zht/ce et decorum est pro patria mori."
The gentleman from South Carolina wished to
assign a reason for a law, incorporating the reason
into the law itself. He wished to say that slavery
should be excluded from Oregon, because that
territory lies north of thirty-six degrees thirty min-
utes north latitude—the line of the Missouri com-
promise. This reason might or might not be
satisfactory to many. As a general rule in legisla-
tion, such a proceeding would be impracticable, for
the reason that men often arrive at the same con-
clusion by different processes of reasoning. But
why compromise upon the line of thirty-six de-
grees thirty minutes particularly, and to the exclu-
sion of every other mode of compromise, if com-
promise we must? He would not venture to
express any opinion upon the subject of compro-
mise; he did- not know that he had formed one
yet; besides, the time had not arrived when, in his
judgment, it became necessary to act upon this
subject. But, for the sake of eliciting the views of
other gentlemen, he would ask, why should our
territories, for their whole extent, be divided by an
arbitrary line running east and west, arranging,
or rather arraying, the free States in jealous atti-
tude on one side, and the slave States on the other?
Might not such an arrangement, made permanent
as the Constitution itself, conflict with the reason
and policy of changing circumstances? Would it
not draw attention to what might be supposed to
be a flaw or seam m the Union, and thus mark the
place where ultimately it would separate, from geo-
graphical as well as political causes? Would not
some other arrangement, less exclusive and sec-
tional, if it could be hit upon, better contribute to
strengthen the Union, and promote good feeling
among the States? It might be predicated as a fact,
that more cordial relations existed between con-
tiguous free and slave States, than between such
States remote from each other. This fact was
attested by the experience of Illinois with her
neighbors Kentucky and Missouri, compared with
that between Louisiana and Massachusetts. The
districts represented by his friends from Kentucky
[Mr. Boyd] and from Indiana, [Mr. Owen.] were
contiguous to his own, and he could bear testimony
that as kindly feelings existed between the constit-
uents of his friend from Kentucky and his own,
as between those of his friend from Indiana and
his own.
Again, was it not true that the slaveholding
States, or at least some of them, had complained
of the line of the Missouri compromise as with-
holding from them an equal moiety of vacant ter-
ritories? If there was cause of complaint on this
ground, it might he replied that there was as strong
ground for it on the part of the free States of the
Northwest. That line insulated the free States of
the Northwest from the Atlantic; it cut them off
from the Gulf of Mexico; it concentrated within
the borders of slave States the vast commercial
power of the Gulf and of the Union—a power
which has been prodigiously augmented by the
annexation of Texas, which has extended it from
the Sabine to the Rio Bravo del Norte; and by the
concession of that part of Oregon lying north of 40°
north latitude to Great Britain, in which all the ele-
ments of the commercial power of the north Pacific
harbors, timber, &c., exist in combination. If it
were possible to contemplate a disruption of this
Union, what would, in that event, become of the
commerce of the great States of the Northwest?
Would it not—might it not be subjected to grievous
burdezis, in seeking ingress and egress through the
Gulf coast ? Besides, would a line of compromise be
just which would hedge in the North by the wall
of British power in that diiection, and open the
South to indefinite expansion? which would bind
the North by an iron band, and the South only by
a rope of sand, ready to part wherever and when-
ever pressed? Such an arrangement would limit
the free States to an area of 12° 30' north of the, line
of the Missouri compromise, whilst it would leave
the slave States to appropriate all the country to
theSouth, certainly to the Rio Bravo, and probably,
at the close of the war, to the utmost limits of
California, and eventually, perhaps, according to
the present tendency of events, quite to the Isthmus
of Dancn and the Caribbean Sea. It would be a
virtual declaration that all the territorial conquests,
all the advantages of this war, and perhaps of all
future wars on this continent, should enure exclu-
sively to the advantage of the slave States. Such
an arrangement would not be likely to meet with
the'general approbation of the country, except
under the constraint of the most exigent circum-
stances. Great difficulties must attend any effort
to compromise this question ; buTnotwithstanding
this fact, when the necessity arose for such a mea-
sure, Mr. McC. would be prcpated to meet them
as be.came a representative of a liberal and enlight-
ened constituency—in the spirit of fairness and jus-
tice—-in the spirit of the compromises of the Con- ;
stitution itself.
Since it had become fashionable to drag the
question of the abolition of slavery into discussion,
Mr. McC. would venture a few suggestions upon
the more appropriate subject of emancipation; not
as the expression of any opinion of his own, but
merely for the benefit of that class of persons whose
wild folly and mad fanaticism would prompt them
to any political sacrifice to effect the abolition of
slavery. The project had been mooted to some
extent in Illinois. It was this: Jet every free State,
upon the adoption of a new constitution, authorize
the institution of slavery for a limited period, at-
taching the rights of the slaves within their borders
to ultimate freedom to the soil. This arrangement
among a people as migratory as our own, would
draw into the free States a great many slavehold-
ers with their slaves, and thus, in a comparatively
short peiiod, effect the emancipation of many slaves
directly, and through them their posterity; at the
same time it would contribute to identify a great
number of slaveholders and their posterity with
the cause of gradual and peaceable emancipation.
This was so much of the argument as had been
urged to operate on the minds of the philanthropic. '
Another argument, which had been urged on the
ground of State policy, was this: that although
this measure might involve some sacrifice on the
parr of the old and populous States, yet as to some
of the new States, wanting population, wealth, and j
labor particularly, to develop their dormant re- 1
sources, and who are also oppressed with public
debt, it might be of temporary advantage. Would
the Abolitionists be willing to try such an experi-
ment? or would they be afraid to taste the fruits of
slavery, lest what is bitter in their fancies should
become sweet to their tastes?
There were as strong reasons against enacting
the bill proposed by the gentleman from New York
as the amendment which had been offered by the
gentleman ftom South Carolina. First, if it was
the object of that gentleman to fetter the treaty-
making power by dictating either the admission
or exclusion of slavery in regard to the territories
conquered from Mexico, m any treaty of peace to
be adopted, he could not constitutionally do so.
In this respect, the treaty-making power, except
so far as it may be dependent upon the law-making
power for supplies, is wholly independent of the
latter. Again, we hold these territories by force
of arms; Ihey arc yet in contest, and may be for
years. Is it not unwise and premature, then, to
agitate a question concerning them which a treaty of
peace may render unnecessary and abortive? When'
before did Congress precede general regulations for
thegovernmentof the territories of the United States
by a single, isolated act upon any distracting ques-
tion ? Never; and it was quite probable they never'
would have thought of such a folly but for the
wild and mad spirit of fanaticism which exists in
relation to slavery. As to the jurisdiction of Con-
gress over the question of slavery, Mr. McC. was
dear and confident in his views. He believed that
Congress could not constitutionally in any way in-
terfere with the institution of slavery in the slave-
holding States, becauste the institution was local,
and subject alone and exclusively to the jurisdic-
tion of the States. The Federal and State Govern-
ments were as independent, even foreign to each
other, upon this and all other subjects not excepted
by the Constitution, as any other two governments
on the globe. In regard to the Territories of the
United States the case was different. In regard .to
them, the jurisdiction of this Government was su-
preme, and from very obvious principles. The
power to acquire territory is an incident to every
government; it exists c.c vi termini; every govern-
ment has claimed, and many of them have exer-
cised it. Cases often arise when it becomes neces-
sary to the very existence of the State itself.
This position predicated, what follows? Of
course the natural, necessary, and resulting power
to govern the territory acquired; which, being a
complete power, of course involves the power to
determine whether slavery, or any other particular
institution, shall exist in the territory. What,
then, was the application of this argument to our
own institutions? Certainly, that this necessary
faculty to acquire and to govern territory exists in
some branch of our political system—either in the
States or Lhe Federal Government. Did it exist in
the States? No. The Constitution prohibits it to
them in several clauses bearing more or less upon
the subject. Did it exist in the Federal Govern-
ment? It must exist there, if it exist anywhere;
and that it must exust, has been shown. That it
does exist there, we have the evidence of the ac-
quisition of Louisiana and Florida, and vast In-
dian territories by treaty, and of Texas by legis-
lative compact, and the government of those terri-
tories by laws enacted by Congress, executed by
the President, and expounded by the Supreme
Court. It is no answer to this argument to say
that the power in question is limited to the power
of Congress " to dispose of and make all needful
e rules and regulations respecting the territory or
4 other property of the United States" in the terms
of the Constitution. Because, if this power ex-
tends beyond the mere function of administering
territory as property, whether in Territories or
States—if it embraces the power of civil govern-
ment at all—of course it would as well embrace
jurisdiction of slavery in the Territories as any
other institution. This power, however, over the
institutions of the Territories of the United States,
ceases when these Territories come to be States:
then Congress can only inquire whether they have
" a republican form of government," in pursuance
of that provision of the Constitution which pro-
vides that " the United States shall guaranty to
every State of this Union a republican form of
government.
It was a dangerous experiment to seize upon the
question of slavery for the purpose of preventing
territorial extension. The remedy might be
worse than the supposed evil. What was the state
of the case? Mexico had committed spoliations
upon our commerce. She had seized our vessels.
She had failed or refused to pay us what she ac-
knowledged to be due us. She had abruptly, if
notcontemptuously, rejected our ministers of peace,
after inviting them. And, to crown a long series
of injuries and insults, she had rashly and pre-
sumptuously crossed the Rio Bravo and attacked
our troops. To redress these injuries and insults,
and to obtain indemnity for the past, we had been
provoked by the aggressions of Mexico to wage
war at the expense of much blood and millions of
treasure; yet, now it was proposed in effect that
we should ingloriously renounce these objects, and
the means of consummating them by territorial
I conquests, because, forsooth, slavery, at [some
I future day, might creep into Uiese conquests.
