1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
16#
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Garrett Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
which the United States have suffered at the hands
of Mexico, by many acts of violence upon the per-
sons and property of our citizens. He arrays for-
cibly oft-repeated and atrocious disregard of inter-
national law, long-continued outrages, protracted
refusal and reluctantly formed treaties, but their
prompt and shameless violation by the Govern-
ment of Mexico. The author of all these wrongs
■was this same Santa Ana. Mexico was a con-
federated Republic, and had a free constitution,
modelled after ours. In 1835 it was overturned by
a usurper, and a military despotism reared upon
its ruins. It was Santa Ana who subverted the
liberties of his country, made himself a militaiy
dictator, with greater and more formidable powers
than belong to a Icing, and planted his iron heel
upon his prostrate countrymen. Who invaded
Texas, ravaged her plains with fire and sword,
drenched the Alamo in blood, and ceased not the
slaughter whilst there was heard one faint cry for
quaiter? Who threatened to desolate every Anglo-
American heart west of the Sabine, founded, as
they were, upon the pledge of Mexican faith, and
to exterminate that race from the land? It was
Santa Ana, the most cruel and bloody monster of
the age, with whom Mr. Polk secretly conspired
to overthrow a government to which he had
pledged his faith and friendship in solemn over-
tures of treaty.
But let us look a little to this imputation of
treason, with which Mr. Polk has thought proper
to dignify his most grave and formal official com-
munication. The Constitution says: "Treason
against the United States shall consist in levying
war against them, or in adhering to their enemies,
giving them aid and comfort." Any assistance
given to aliens in open hostility to the United
States, as by surrendering a fort to them for reward,
or selling them arms, sending them men, provis-
ions <fec., comes clearly within the latter branch of
treason.—(See Haw., Hale., fyc.) Now let us
see how near the act of Mr. Polk himself comes to
the guilt of this crime. The Constitution makes
him commandei-in-chief of the army and navy of
the United States, and, as such, he has the power
to order and direct the acts of every military and
naval officer. The United States were at war with
Mexico, and in the prosecution of it, were block-
ading her principal port on the Gulf, Vera Cruz.
Santa Anna had been banished, and, with Almonte
and a large suite of able military men, was living in
exile in the neighborhood of Havana. They were
still Mexican citizens, and, by one of the plainest
principles of national law, each one of them, and
every other citizen of Mexico, wherever he might
be, was an enemy to the United States and every
one of her citizens. As soon as any absent citi-
zen of Mexico returned, it was his duty to render,
and it was the right of her government to claim,
his services in the war against the United States.
Well Captain Conner commanded the block-
ading squadron and directed its operations. Sup-
pose he had received no orders to permit Santa
Ana to pass the blockade and land at Vera Cruz,
and Mr. Polk had taken no steps to that end.
Captain Conner, notwithstanding, communicates
with Santa Ana, and informs him that if he, and
all the able and experienced men who are with
him, will present themselves they shall pass the
blockade without molestation, and land under the
castle of San Juan de Ulloa. Santa Ana accepts
the invitation, and he and his suite sail into Vera
Cruz, and Captain Conner, as commander, with
watchful faith, secures him and his retinue a free
passage, and interposes to prevent all his subordi-
nates from intercepting them. What would be the
crime of Captain Conner ? Aroused and indignant
America with one voice would answer treason, and
speedy justice would doom the naval commander
to perish by the halter for his crime ? Has not
Mr. Polk committed this identical crime; and what
principle of justice or law would enable him to
escape where any other must perish with infamy ?
In his defence it might be alleged, that he did not
intend to commit treason, and in the absence of
such intention there is no crime. His act of itself
would give rise to the presumption of the intention,
and to free himself from the crime, he would have
to prove, by facts and circumstances, that he did
not intend to commit treason against the United
States. In the absence of such proof, his conduct
would be prima facie evidence of guilt, and the law
would doom him to die the death of a traitor. If, in
the case put of Captain Conner, he was arraigned
and under trial what defence could be made for
him ? He might set up that he believed, if Santa
Ana was permitted to return to Mexico, he would
get possession of the government, and would, for
two million of money, to be paid him by the United
States, agree to treat with them? and that it was
to bring about this result, and not give aid and
comfort to the Mexicans, that he had permitted
Santa Ana to pass the blockade. Such aground
might or might not have saved him from a con-
viction of the crime of treason, but certainly it
would have established upon him so much folly
and weakness as to have demonstrated his in-
competency for his command, and to have pro-
duced his immediate removal from it by Mr. Polk
himself. Mr. Polk, President as he is, has no
greater power, nor any more immunity in this
matter, than would have attached to Captain
Conner. If indicted for treason, he might plead
successfully, for his acquittal of that crime, that
Santa Ana had bamboozled him? but he would
show himself to be just as incompetent to the
responsibilities of his place; and the same facts
would bear precisely upon his case as upon that of
the gallant old tar. Even though, upon thorough
investigation, it could be answered, that Mr. Polk
had not committed the crime of treason, no one
could deny that he had done an act of surpassing
turpitude, folly, and mischief. Santa Ana greatly
excels all his countrymen in genius, courage, re-
sources, military experience, and popular favor.
It is he that has reunited the divided and dispirited
Mexicans, awakened their enthusiasm, inspired
their confidence, and aroused the nation to put
forth its energies in defence of its altars. Full half
the resistance which our armies may encounter in
the future operations of this war, will have been
created by him; and, as he and his numerous able
adherents were given back to Mexico by the act
of Mr. Polk, ought not he to hang his head in very
shame for making imputations of tieason against
men whose duty to their country and its Constitu-
tion required them to condcmn his measures, and
for nothing in tiuth but the performance of that
duty? When this thought came into his mind, was
the blood of his ancestor stirring within hmi? Evil
to him who evil thinks.
I do not, Mr. Chairman, charge Mr. Polk with
promulgating falsehoods in this message ; but I do
sayj that more numerous and palpable misstate-
ments of fact, intentional or unintentional, have
never characterized any previous Presidential mes-
sage. Nay, more: in number and grossness, I
verily believe they surpass the aggregate error of
all preceding messages; and that this paper, in that
respect, is entitled to but little credit, indeed. I
will not make so grave a charge without substan-
tiating it by irrefragable facts.
Mr. Polk, in his message, informs us: "The con-
gress of Texas, on the 19th of December, 1836,
passed 'An act to define the boundaries of the re-
public of Texas,' in which they declared the Rio
Grande, from its mouth to its source, to be their
boundary;'" and by the said act they extended their
"civil and political jurisdiction over the country
up to that boundary.5' In another part of the mes-
sage he says: "The Texas which was ceded to
Spain by the Florida treaty of 1819, embraced all
the country now claimed by the State of Texas be-
tween the Nueces and the Rio Grande." Again he
says : " The republic of Texas always claimed
this river as her western boundary, and in her
treaty made with Santa Ana, in May, 1836, he le-
cognised it as such." And again: "Texas, as
ceded to the United States by France in 1803, has
been always claimed as extending west to the Rio
Grande, or Rio Bravo." These are matters of fact
relating to most important subjects, laid down by
President Polk, in one of the gravest papers which
man is called upon to promulge to the world. Let
us examine their truth.
The Rio Grande, from its sources to its mouth,
is some two thousand miles in length; and for that
extent, according to Mr. Polk, it is, and always
has been, the western boundary of Texas. France
never ceded Texas to the United Stated, France
ceded us Louisiana, and had contended that this
country extended from the sourees of the Missis-
sippi to its mouth in the Gulf, embraced the Span-
ish province of Texas, and extended westward of
it to the Rio Grande, and run up and comprehended
the country upon that river as high as the bound-
ary of New Mexico. The Spanish province of
Tamaulipas lay along the Gulf of Mexico, extend-
ing eastward of the Rio Grande to the river Nue^
ces, and included Corpus Christj. Coahuila was
the next province of Mexico above, which also lay-
principally west of the Rio Grande, but extended
east of that river to the Nueces, and bounded on a
section of this stream above Tamauhpas. The
province of New Mexico likewise spread on both
sides of the Rio Grande, but the larger portion of
it, in territory and population, lay east of that river,
France asserted that Louisiana extended to the
lower Rio Grande, so as to comprehend the por-
tions of the Spanish provinces of Tamauhpas and
Coahuila, lying between it and the Nueces; but
she never set up any claim whatever to any part
of New Mexico. Santa Ff, the capital of New
Mexico, and all her principal towns, were east
of the Rio Grande, and neither France nor the
United States, holding under her by treaty, ever
dreamed of a pretension to them, or to a single foot
of New Mexico. On the contrary,both these Pow-
ers conceded that the eastern boundary of New
Mexico was to that extent the western boundary
of Louisiana. So far as these facts are geographi-
cal, the President of the United States might have
learned them from any old atlas or geography; so
far as they are diplomatic, our own State Depart-
ment would have afforded him ample and authentic
confirmation of them. Partial information on those
points was still more convenient to Mr. Polk. Mr.
Donelson, our late charge d'affaires lo Texas, in a
letter to Mr. Buchanan, dated July 11,1845, and
which Mr. Polk sentv/ith his message to Congress
at the beginning of the last session, says: "The
' boundary of Texas, as defined by her statutes,
' runs up the Rio Grande from its mouth in the
4 sea to its source, cutting off portions of Tamauli-
* pas, Coahuila, and New Mexico. Above the
* point on the Rio Grande, where it enters New
i Mexico, there has been no occupancy by Tex-
' as."
Previous to the agreement entered into by San-
j ta Ana in 1836, after his captivity, and'with the
i authorities of Texas, no geographical division, no
| diplomatist, no nation, no man, not even Texas
I herself, had ever set up the position that she ex-
| tended to the Rio Grande, or any farther west than
the river Nueces. In 1762, France ceded Louisi-
I ana to Spain, and she receded it to France in 1800.
All the country, during the intervening period of
twenty-eight years, being owned and possessed by
Spain, she still adhered to and maintained the old
and undisturbed boundary between Texas and the
then intendency of Santander to be the Nueces;
and that above and to the west of that intendency,
now Coahuila, as was always the fact, Texas ex-
tended only to the eastern fine of New Mexico.
France never had a settlement, nor maintained her
laws or jurisdiction in the valley of the Rio Grande;
and the only people who ever inhabited, and the
only authority ever obeyed or known in that coun-
try, was Spanish. With great force and reason,
Spain, in addition to her title, always leaving ex-
clusive possession, contended that Louisiana did
not reach to the Rio Grande. When the United
States ceded Texas to Spain in 1819, it was nc> he
country, but merely their old, ever-disputed, and
never-possessed ^ claim to it; and that without any
boundary, and without even a pretension extending
beyond Coahuila. Yet President Polk says: "The
c Texas which was ceded to Spain by the Florida
4 treaty of 1819, embraced alt the country now
c claimed by the State of Texas between the Nue-
* ces and the Rio Grande," the Santa Fe country
and all
The position of Mr. Polk, that " the republic of
Texas always claimed this river as her western
' boundary, and in her treaty with Santa Ana in
4 May, 1836, he recognised it as such," is no less
untenable in both its branches. A treaty is an
agreement between two nations, entered into by
officers who are respectively authorized in their
forms of government, by being invested with this
branch of political sovereignty, and according to
the modes and solemnities which each may require.
This arrangement with Santa Ana was no treaty,
because, 1st. On its face it did not purport to be a
treaty, but merely "articles of agreement and
solemn compact" between the President and mem-
