108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 22,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—*Mr. Garrett Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
then perfectly quiescent and pacific disposition of
Mexico, as to the existing state of things, still
more satisfactory. This evidence is furnished by
extracts from the despatches of General Taylor
himself to the War Department. August 20,1845,
he says:
"Caravans of traders arrive occasionally from the Rio
Grande, but bring no news of importance. Tliey represent
tint there are no regular troops on that river, except at Mat-
amoios, and do not seem to be aware of any preparations
for a demonstration on this bank of the river."
On the 30th he writes:
u VV« have no news from the Rio Grande. Idlo stories
arc brought m from that quarter, but, with the means of ac-
curate information winch we now possess, I do not deem it
uecessaiy to repeat them.'*
In his despatch of 6th September, he says:
" I have the honor to report, that a confidential agent,
desp itched some days since to Matamoros, ha-; returned,
and reports that no extraordinary preparations are going
foiward there; that the garrison doe-; not seem to have been
increased, and that our consul is of opinion that there will be
no decl.uation of war."
He gives information to the Department, Sep-
tember 14th:
" We have no news of interest from the frontier. Arista,
at last account--, was at Mier, but without any force; nor is
there as yet any concentration of troops on the river," (Rio
Grande.)
In the despatch of the 11th October, he says:
" Recent arrivals from the Rio Grande bring no news or
information of a different aspcct ftoui that which I reported
in my last. The view* expressed in previous communica-
tions, relative to the pacific disposition of the border people
on both sides of the liver, are continually confirmed."
January 7th, 1846, General Taylor, still undis-
turbed at Corpus Christi, informed President Polk
thus:
" A scout of volunteers from San Antonio struck the liver
near Presidio, Rio Gi ande,and the commander reports eveiy-
t'ling quiet in that quarter."
This was the last communication which General
Taylor made to the War Department until he was
on his way to the Rio Grande, making a forward
move to that river in obedience to the orders of
Mr. Polk. All his despatches, whilst he was on
the line of his march, still further confirm the con-
clusive testimony already adduced, that Mexico
did not intend to invade Texas whilst his army
remained at Corpus Christi. The order to him to
occupy the Rio Grande was dated 13th January,
1846, and on the 13th March ho. broke up his
quarters at Corpus Christi. Thirty-one miles
from that point, he says:
"The columns are advancin? with great icgulaiity, and
without any obstacle worthy of note."
The 18th March, one hundred and nineteen miles
on his way, he writes to the Department: j
u Within the la«t two days our advance has met with small j
armed parties of Mexicans, who seemed disposed to avoid ,
us. Tltpy wore doubtless thrown out to get information of :
our advance." i
General Taylor crossed the Arroyo Colorado, and j
from his camp three miles beyond it, and within
thirty miles of Matamoros, he informs the depart-
ment, that when the army reached that river some
Mexicans showed themselves in opposition on the
oilier hank, who informed one of our officers that
an attempt by our army to cross the river would
be considered as an act of hostility, and in that
case it would be treated as enemies. Preparations
were then made to pass under cover of guns, which
occupied a day:
" Whil-t thpsft dispositions were, m progress, the party
that had shown themselves the day before again made their
appearance. I sent Captain Mansfield to communicate with
the ofticei in command, who ^iid that he had positive orders
to fire upon us if wo attempted to oross the river. Another
party then made its appeal ance, and passed the liver to com-
municate with me, One of them, (who was represented as
the Adjutant General of the Mexican troops) repeated sub-
stantmllv what had been said before, viz: that thev had
peremptory orders to fire upon us, and it would be consider-
ed a declaration of war if ue parsed the river. He placed in
mv hands thp proclamation of General Mpjia, issued at
Matamoros a day or two pievious, which I enclose. I in-
formed the ofhcei that I should immediately cross the river,
and if any of his party showed themselves on the other bank
after the passage was commenced, they would receive the
fire of my artillery." "I have thought proper to make a
detailed report of this operation, as being the first occasion
on which the Mexicans have shown themselves in an attitude
decidedly hoiMc."
General Taylor passed the Colorado without
further opposition. He moved forward upon San-
tiago, which the Mexicans fired at his approach,
and then retired. He encamped opposite Mata-
moros the 28th March, and in his despatch of that
date are these passages: " Our approach seems to
4 have created much excitement in Matamoros, and
' a great deal of activity has been displayed since
i our arrival in the preparation of batteries." "The
6 attitude of the Mexicans is so far decidedly hos-
4 tile." In his communication to the Department
of April 15th, he says: " On the 12th, I received
'from General Ampudia a despatch, summoning
6 me to withdraw my force within twenty-four
' hours, and to fall back beyond the river Nueces." In
the execution of his orders, General Taylor threw
up Fort Brown, and planted his cannon upon it so as
to command and sweep, when necessary, Matamo-
ros. He blockaded the mouth of the Rio Grande,
and cut oft" all supplies and commerce by that route.
On the 24th April, he writes, he had received a com- j
munication from General Arista, who had assumed j
the chief command, statins; that he considered hos- \
tilities as having been commenced, and that he should j
prosecute them according to the usages of civilized '
warfare. It is against this clear and overwhelming
amount of testimony that Mr. Polk asserts: " But
* Mexico herself has never placed the war which
4 she has waged upon the ground that our army
* occupied the intermediate territory between the
1 Nueces and the Rio Grande." Can any man ever
place any confidence in his messages? It was this
march of the American army to the Rio Grande,
and nothing else, that brought on the war. This
was the actual beginning of it, as our Government
had said to that of Texas, near twelve months be-
fore, such a step would be making war. Certainly
Mr. Polk had as little right to violate the territory
of Mexico by marching our army upon Santiago,
taking and holding possession of it, threatening
Matamoros with battlements bristling with can-
non, and cutting her off by rigorous blockade from
the sea, as Mcxico had to do these things at Cor-
pus Christi. If such had been the acts of Mexico
in the United States, where is the craven follower
of Mr. Polk who would not have denounced them
as war upon us, and cried aloud for vengeance
upon the perfidious Mexicans ? The case is much
stronger than even that against Mr. Polk.
It is thus shown, beyond reasonable question,
that Mr. Polk himself began this war. His posi-
tion, that it was his duty to uphold the jurisdic-
tion and laws of the United States to'the line
claimed by Texas, is an after-thought, and but a
hollow pretext. Why did he decide against it
through our Minister to Texas before annexation ?
Why did he not assume that line of policy imme-
diately upon the consummation of that event?
Why did he keep it suspended for seven long
months? Why did he never attempt to carry it
out in the portion of New Mexico east of the Rio
Grande? And why did he instruct General Kear-
ny to establish a military government at Santa
Fe for all that country? Upon his own ground,
he was as much bound to take possession of Santa
Fe as Santiago. The premise of himself and his
friends, that the country was part of Texas, might
be granted, and still he would in no degree be re-
lieved from this charge. Mexico was in the actual
possession, claiming it to he her own; she could
not be dispossessed without war, and Mr. Polk
had no constitutional right or power to make war
upon her. From long before our acquisition of
Louisiana in 1803, up to the treaty with Spain, in
1819, when we ceded to her all our claim to Texas,
she had held exclusive possession over this coun-
try, and duly maintained her jurisdiction and ex-
ecuted her laws in it. Mr. Polk asserts that the
country was then as much a part of the territory
of the United States as it now is; and yet Jeffer-
son, Madison, or Monroe, never marched an army
into it to reduce it to our possession.
A part of the State of Maine was in the posses-
sion of England, and attached by the provincial
authorities to New Brunswick; and so continued
from the treaty of 1783 to the treaty of Washing-
ton in 1843, a period of sixty years. This pro-
duced many collisions and conflicts of jurisdiction
between Maine and New Brunswick, and several
times well nigh involved England and the United
States in war. Massachusetts and Maine, both
our Houses of Congress, and all our Presidents,
have again and again, with entire unanimity, de-
clared that the whole country in dispute on the
Northeastern frontier was territory of the United
States, and within the State of Maine. That case
was incomparably stronger for the United States
than the present one; and yet Washington, or'the
elder Adams, or Jefferson, or Madison, or Mon-
roe, or the younger Adams, or Jackson, or Van
Buren, or Tyler, never dreamed, upon their mere
authority and responsibility as Presidents, of
marching our armies into that disputed territory,
and forcing our jurisdiction and laws over it at the
point of the sword.# If Mr. Polk had had Eng-
land instead of Mexico to deal with, he would have
dared the forked lightning sooner than have adopted
such a measure. What adds to the atrocity of his
offence, and swells still louder the voice for condem-
nation and punishment which arises from a violated
and mangled Constitution, is the fact that Con-
gress, the only legitimate war-making power in
our system, was and had been for six weeks in
session when President Polk undertook of himself
towage this war. Why did he not submit this
momentous matter to Congress ? Pie had, in the
execution of his own sinister schemes, decided that
a war with Mexico was necessary for, and would
prove advantageous to himself. He distrusted the
nerve of the great majority of his friends in Con-
gress to plunge the country into it. He thought,
from the peculiar posture of Mexico and the readi-
ness of the American people for martial exercises,
he could fix a charge of beginning the war upon
Mexico; and being himself secure from all its
perils, and able to free himself from the responsi-
bility, he would venture upon his own authority
to make it.
Another of Mr. Polk's miserable subterfuges to
screen himself is, that the outrages of Mexico upon
our commerce and people, and the money she owed
them, was ample cause for war on the part of the
United States against her. If that position was
proper and maintainable, why did not President
Polk set forth these grounds in a message, and
upon them recommend to Congress, the appropri-
ate power, to declare war against Mexico ? It wt\H
all he could constitutionally do in the premises.
Why did he become the secret and surreptitious
ally of Santa Ana, the author of all these wrongs?
Why, in his annual message at the last session of
Congress, after recounting the mission of Mr. Sli-
dell to Mexico, did he take the ground that until
the result of it is known, " I forbear to recommend
* to Congress such ulterior measures of redress for
* the wrongs and injuries we have so long borne,
* as it would have been proper to make had no such
4 negotiation been instituted?" The result of this
negotiation was made known before General Tay-
lor was ordered to march to the Rio Grande, but
our vaulting President deigned not to consul* Con-
gress. These wrongs and injuries our Government
had agreed upon and commuted with Mexico for
money; and she then owed us three millions, which
in part she could not or would not pay. Why
did Mr. Polk, for these three millions, precipitate
the country into a war which will co-<t fifty times
its amount, and the lives of thousands of our best
j citizens, without asking the permission of Con-
| gress? Forsooth he was called " Young Hick-
| ory," but it will be found he is no such timber as
| the old tree.
General Taylor had, in his despatch of Septem-
ber 6, 1845, informed Mr. Polk that he had sent a
confidential agent to Matamoros, and added—
"The agent, who is intelligent, and upon whose state-
ments a good deal of reliance may be placed, says that the
mass of the people with whom he mingled is opposed to a
war with us, and that, if war be declared, the frontier de-
partments of Tamauhpas, Coahuila, and New Leon, will
probably declate themselves independent of the Central Gov-
ernment, and establish pacific relations with us,"
Here is the germ of this war. This information,
connected with the recollection of former rebellions
in those provinces, and an attempt to erect them
into a separate republic by a portion of their peo-
ple, fired the imagination of " Young Hickory,"
and visions of vast conquests and acquisitions be-
gan to crowd his enraptured imagination. To end
our difficulties with Mexico, he draws the sword
to cut the knot, and he intends to wield that sword
as a conqueror. Having subjugated the Mexicans,
and enlarged the boundaries of the republic, he will
not only live in story, but a captivated people will
again confer upon him the purple. We have been
told by an Indiana editor, that he, President Polk,
actually conceived and planned the battles of Palo
Alto, Resaca de la Palma, and Monterey; and that
he deserves more praise for the success of those
brilliant days than General Taylor himself. A
