110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 22,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Garrett Davis.
Ho. of JRefs.
insisted that he should be accredited with full
powers to settle ail questions between the two
countries. This was the point of difference be-
tween them-. Mexico was foolishly and wickedly
obstinate on a point of etiquette. If Mr. Polk
thought a resort to arms necessary, he had but
one power and one duty—to send in a message
recommending it. Congress was in session; our
imperial President scorned to give any heed to it,
but of his own puissance plunged the nation in war.
Autocrats and tyrants, born to absolute power, and
inheriting their people as slaves, regarding them as
mere instruments to minister to the lusts of frensied
and wicked passions, may perpetiate such enormi-
ties; but not constitutional and limited Presidents, I
who have no power over the subject—otherwise j
it is the inevitable destiny of the latter to become f
the former. Mr. Polk is feeble and timid, and with-
out long premeditation and daily instigation and
support, by venal, desperate, and wicked men, he
never could have nerved himself to so daring an act.
He then only manifested what he and far bolder men
than himselt had long before determined to do. But
I ask the especial attention of the committee to this
passage in Mr. Polk's message.
" The Texas which was ceded to Spain by the Florida
treaty of 1819 embraced all the country now claimed by tin*
Suite of Taxaa between the Nueces and the Rio Grande.
The republic or' Texaa always claimed this river as her
western boundaiy, and in hei treaty made with Santa Ana,
in May, lc3J, he recognised it as such. Bj the Constitution
w.nch Texas. adopt' d in iVl.ucn, Jc36, Seiiatoual and Rep-
resentative districts wore organized, extending \ves>t ot the
Nuece?. Tne Congicss of'LVxa*, ou the i9th oi' December,
18^o, passed 4 an act to define the boundaries of the Republic
of Texas,' in which they decl ued th.; iiio Grande, horn its
mouth to its source, to be ueu boundary, and by the mi<1
act tncy extended their 'civil and political jnusdiction'ovi'i
the eonntiy up to tnat boundary. During a period of moie
than nine year?., which intervened between ihe adoption of
her Constuuuou ,uul her <inut'x<iti<>n a* one oi the Stated of
our Uiiion, Tex a* a-scm>d and exeici-ed many acts of sov-
ereignty and jiiiiHlicuon ovj the territorj and inhabitants
west ot the Nueces*. She organized and defined the limit*
of counties extending to the Rio Giaude. She established
courts of jiirttice, and extended her judicial system over the
territory. Sh" established a ctrtom-hou^e, and collected
duties, and abopost otiices and post roads, in it. She estab-
lished a land ottice, and i^suM mimetous grants tor land
within its limits. A Senator and a ltepieseutative residing
in it were elected to theUongre&bOl the iepubhc,and seivcd
as s>uch hetoie the act of annexation took plue< . In both the
Congress and Convention oi Texas which gave their assent
to the teiniR of annexation to the United States, proposed
by our Congiesj, were ropiei?eiitative> icstdm^ we-t of the
Nueces, who toulc p.utin ihc art of annexation lUelf. Thi>
was tiu Tevas which, by tne act of our Congress of the a9ih
ofDi'Cornb r, 1815, ua^admut-d as one of tne Stairs of our
Union. Tnat the CJonjjre.-s ot the United Slates uudeij-tood
the State ol Texas winch lliey adimitod into the Union to
extend beyond the Nueces, i- appaient, from the tact, that
on the iiKt ot lXcemhei, l«4j, only two dajs al'tci the act
of admi^ion, tbey-pa-sed a law 'to establish a collection
district in the Slate of Tuxa>,' by which th,*y eu-ated a port
of d. hveiy atOoipus CnrMi, situated west ol the Nm ces,
and behig the snwe point at which the T< xascustom-house,
under the laws of that republic, had been located, and dm ct-
«d that asuiveyor to collect the revenue should be appointed
lor that poit hv the Fie*idcm, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate. A surveyor was. aecoidingly nomi-
nated and confirmed by tbeSenah-, and has been over since
in the performance of Ins duties*. All these acts of the
republic of Texas, and ol our Congress, piec< ded the oiders
for the advance ot our army to uie euft bank o( the Ilio
Grande. Subsequently, Congress parsed <ui act 'establish-
ing ccrtain po.-t loute.*,5 extending wot of the Nueces.
Tne country west ofthat river now constitutes a pait of one
of the Congressional districts ol Texas, aud repiesentcd in
thi* House of Representatives. Tlie Scnatois from that
State were cho-.cn by a legislature m which the country
west of that river was represented "
The following statements and conclusions aie
expressly made in, and fairly deducible from this
remarkable passage: That 'fexas, binding on the
Itio G-iande, from its mouth to its source, was m
1819 ceded by the United States to Spain; that
Santa Ana had made a treaty with Texas recog-
nising the Rio Grande in its whole length as the
western boundary of Texas; that by tlie Consti-
tution of Texas, of 1836, Senatorial and Represent-
ative districts were organized along the whole of
that river line; that Texas exercised her civil and
political jurisdiction by a maintenance of her
power and an adminnstiation of her laws along
that entire hnc; that she organized and defined the
limits of counties on this stream, from the sea to
its head springs; that she fully occupied that coun-
try with courts of justice and her judicial system;
with a custom-hduse, and post-offices, and post-
roads; with a land office, and with grants and land
titles; that her people, clustering along the entire
margin of the Rio Grande, had assisted in electing j
a Representative and Senator to the Texan Con- j
I gress before annexation took place; that represent-
i atives, both in the Congress and the Convention of
Texas which assented to annexation, had resided in
the country upon the Rio Grande; thatTexas, up to
the entire "flow of that lon^ river, had been admit-
ted as a State into our Union; that our Congress
had established " certain post-routes" occupying
the country between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande; that the entire area between them now
formed a part of one of the Congressional districts
of Texas, and is represented in this House; that
her Senators in the other end of this Capitol were
elected by a Legislature who had been chosen in
part by the representatives of all the people dwel-
ling between the two rivers: and that the entire
population spread over this extent of country, from
the Gulf of Mexico to the Spanish peaks, were
Texans, and under the authority and protection of
that government. I appeal to every candid man
if all these propositions are riot distinctly stated,
or would not be reasonably, fairly concluded, by
any intelligent mind, uninformed of its various
topics, on reading this most extraordinary passage
from the President's Message? How such a reader
would be amazed, on full and accurate examina-
tion, to learn that not one of those propositions are
true, and especially to learn that Texas had not,
nor ever had, civil administration of any kind, nor
an officer, nor a resident citizen, in the whole val-
ley of the Rio Grande; that she had only a few
people stretching a short distance up the west bank
of the Nueces from the Gulf, and not amounting
to one-hundredth part of the Mexican population
between the two rivers, which have never known
anything but Mexican lule. I challenge the man
of the greatest research and reading to produce any
passage of equal length, from any language, an-
cient or modern, having so much and so many
distinct misrepresentations. Certain I am, it has
nothing like a parallel in that respect among all
preceding Presidential messages; and for the au-
thenticity of American state papers, and the char-
acter of our country, I hope it never will have. I
do not intend to charge President Polk with false-
hood and misrepresentation, although most of the
facts which I have adduced in his refutation were
sent by him in the documents accompanying his
message to Congress. But to absolve him from
that grievous offence still leaves him convicted of
an amount and a grossness of ignorance about
matters on which he ought to have the fullest and
most accurate information, which proves him to-
tally incompetent to discharge the duties of his
high place. But in the folly, stupidity, and mis-
chievousnesa of his measures, the country has
much stronger and more deplorable evidence of the
truth of this proposition.
Mr. Chairman, there is one point on which the
President should cease his protestations and de-
nials, if he expects to preserve even a figment of a
reputation for candor; he should never again say
that he did not begin this war for conquest. As it
was a small money affair of about three millions
of dollars agreed upon by treaty between the two
Governments, so far as we had anything: against
Mexico, we could have indemnified ourselves by
reprisals, as Jackson had recommended, without
resorting to war, if it had been thought proper to
resort even to that harsh measure. But Mr. Polk
distrusted that the courage and generosity of the
American Congress, and people would never, for
three millions of dollars, consent to desolate, Mexi-
co with fire and sword. A people literally not
having the means to pay their debts; so poor, so
weak,so oppressed, so scourged by military usurp-
ers and factions; so long and grievously disturbed
in the pursuits of civilized life, as to have lost the
greater portion of its arts; without government and
laws, and having no security of person or proper-
ty; with no regenerating influences operating, but
sinking into wretched and hopeless .servitude and
barbarism, were a fit subject for the noble pity and
forbearance of another people so strikingly in con-
trast with them upon all points. Mr. Polk knew
that if, with the heart of a Shylock, he appealed
to Congress to require from the Mexicans the
pound of flesh, he would have been answered,
"Spare this destitute, miserable, down-trodden
people; we are compensated a thousand-fold in
that their condition is not ours. "When our debt-
ors become able they will pay us; if not, let them
go free-—it is the spirit of tne age. What unspeak-
able folly it would be for three millions to waste
an hundred, and thousands and thousands of valu-
able lives, in slaughtering our unhappy neighbors,
who, after our example, had struck for freedom,
and who had unsuccessfully attempted to secure
it upon the model of our institutions. At such a
cost we want not this foe in deadly strife for so
ignoble and insufficient a cause." But Mr. Polk
coveted the glory of enlarging the boundaries of
our Imperial Republic, and to minister to the gran-
deur of this ambition, it was necessary, and he was
determined to make war with Mexico.
For what did Mr. Polk send General Taylor's
army to the Rio Grande, but to conquer and hold
the country upon it? What object could he have
in giving Colonel Stevenson orders to raise a regi-
ment of men of various pursuits, and such as would
be likely to remain at the end of the war, either in
Oregon or any other territory in that region of the
globe which may then be a part of the United
States, with an express stipulation that they were
not to be brought home by the Government, but
conquest, settlement, and occupation ? The Mor-
mons had been forcibly broken up and driven
from Illinois, and were wandering in search of a
new home. Why did the Secretary of "War, in
his orders to General Kearny, say:
" It N known that a large body of Mormon emigrants aie
en rou'e to California, for the purpose of settlixig in that
country. You arc desired to use all proper means to have
a good understanding with them, to the end that the United
States may have their cooperation in taking possession o/y
and holding that country
Why did Mr. Polk receive into the service of
the United States a legion of Mormons, five hun-
dred in strength? Why was General Kearny
ordered by Mr. Polk to conquer and take possession
of .Veiu Mexico and Upper California, and to estab-
lish temporary governments in them ? The Secre-
tary of the Navy, in an order to Commodore Sloat,
dated June 24, 1.845, says:
"The Mexican potts on the Pacific are said to be open
and defenceless. II you .^certain e*'itainly that Mexico has
declared war against the United States., you will at once
possess jouiselfofthe poit of San Francij.cn, and blockade
or occupy such other ports as your foiee may permit. ^
In this, also, lurks the purpose and hope of
forcing Mexico into a war against the United
States, and then to seize upon the spoil. Secre-
tary Bancroft, May 13, 1846, addressed a commu-
nication to Commodore Sloat, making this order
absolute. In his order of May 15, 1846, to Cap-
tam Sloat, he says:
'• It is important that you should hold possession at least
of Ran Fianelseo, even while you encourage the people to
neutrality, self-government, and. friendship.'*
There were three or four instructions to Cap-
tains Sloat, Shubrick, and Stockton, iterating and
reiterating, " You will take immediate possession
'of Upper California, so that if a treaty of peace
'shall he made on the basis of the uli possidetis, it
' may leave California to the United States."
Conquest and territorial aggrandizement were
from the first looming in Mr. Polk's fancy; and
with what impatient promptitude did he recom-
mend to Congress " lo provide for these important
'conquests by making an adequate appropriation
' for the purposes of erecting fortifications and de-
' fraying; the expenses necessarily incident to the
' maintenance of our possession and authority over
'them." When he proclaimed them to be "a
territory larger than the original thirteen States of
the Union," and felicitated the American people
on " the vast extension of our territorial limits,"
who can believe that he had not peisuaded him-
self that he was a veritable conqueror, and that he
was swelling with the pride and sclf-gratulation of
one of earth's great ones? Oh man, how little
thou art!
Mr. Chairman, this review of Mr. Polk's mes-
sage has been far from being pleasant. To find
errors of fact on so many points in the most im-
portant document from the Executive head of the
Government, must be deeply mortifying and hu-
miliating to all American bosoms. Every such
paper, in the truth of its fact at least, ought to he
able " to bear the test of time, of talents, and human
scrutiny." Never, in my opinion, had a free peo-
ple giaver occasion to pause and contemplate their
public affairs and their tendency, and especially
the spirit and apparent destiny of the Executive
branch of the Government. We have seen it,
wielded by such a man as James K. Polk, usurp
