1846. ]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IIL
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Pay of Volunteers—Mr. Harmansort.
Ho. of Reps.
the war power whilst Congress was in session,
break the peace of the world, and force the people
to make vast sacrifices of blood and treasure,
whether they would or not; assume the lawgiver
and the legislator, and set up civil government,
with all its complicated machinery, over subjuga-
ted countries constituting a vast empire in extent;
contemning and defying the other powers of the
Government and the people by endeavoring of itself
to place those countries in such a posture that they
cannot be disentangled, and will be forced into the
Union; and this without any care of the continu-
ance and expansion of the terrific strife springing
out of the slave question, which it must inevitably
produce. Of the truth of these propositions I have
the deepest and strongest convictions; and, enter-
taining them, whilst I have a seat on this floor I
will give them utterance on fit occasions, " come
weal or come wo." Not to do so, 1 would indeed
he a base and craven traitor to a Constitution that
ought to be imperishable, and whose authority in
thisUnion ought tn be supreme. Everything that
is wrong in our Government all men ought to con-
demn, for the simple and sufficient reason of pre-
venting its repetition. Constitution, liberty, and
the good of the people demand it, and there is safety
in no other course.
Mr. Chairman, I had a wish to say something
upon the conduct of the Executive in relation to
those conquered countries, but I will avail myself
of some other opportunity. I will then assume,
and I think maintain, that our President has no
power except what is expressly conferred on him by
the Constitution, or the laws of Congress made
under it; that he derives no powers whatever from
national law, and that the principles of that code
are only so far applicable to him as they adhere to
the express powers granted by the Constitution or
laws; that the terms " sovereign" and " conquer- ,
or," as used in the international code, are wholly !
inapplicable to him, either as President or com- t
mander-in-chief of our aimies and navies; that in ]
the conduct of our wars he is merely our first mil- j
itary and naval commander, and can exercise no ,
powers or functions but what are appropriate to i
such officers; that he has no right by himself or ]
his deputies, to set up permanent or temporary civil j
Governments in conquered countries, but merely to ;
liold military possession of them, including only the
success and security of his own command, and the
putting'down-of resistance in the conquered country;
and that this latter being effected, the peaceable
people are to be left in the quiet ministration of
their own municipal laws. All these momentous
questions come up in the present condition of pub-
lic affairs, and in a manner to give them deep and
permanent interest to the American people. They
ought to mount high above all . party views and
interests.
PAY OF VOLUNTEERS.
REMARKS OF MR. HARMANSON,
OF LOUISIANA,
In the House op Representatives,
January 27, 1847.
On the bill increasing the Pay and granting Boun-
ties to the Volunteers.
Mr. HARMANSON said:
Mr. "Chairman: As the hour that closes this
debate is near its close, I will not detain the com-
mittee but for a few moments, and give other gen-
tlemen an opportunity to be heard, as I see many
desirous to get the floor. The bill, sir, (No. 556,)
reported by the Military Committee, giving in-
creased pay and a bounty of one hundred and sixty
acres of land to the volunteers, which was refer-
red to a special committee, has been so mutilated
by that committee as hardly to be recognised by
its ancient friends. It has stricken out the section
granting bounties of land to the six months' vol-
unteers who served three months, and makes no
provision whatever for those of the six months'
volunteers who died in the service. What could
have induced the committee to have come, as I
honestly think, to so unjust a conclusion, I am at
a loss to divine: and I rise now, sir, to protect
against this invidious distinction between six and
twelve months' volunteers. If services or claims
are to be measured by pecuniary sacrifices, who,
I ask, has suffered more than the Louisiana volun-
teers ? Were they not drawn from their homes
and business, at a moment's warning, to relieye
our little army from the dangers that threatened it,
which admitted of no hesitation^or delay, and did
they not respond to the call without calculating the
cost? Have any volunteers who have entered the
service done more? None, sir, none. If their
claims are to be measured by suffering and expo-
sure, who, I ask, have greater? Did they not rush
to the standard of their country with an alacrity,
hitherto unexampled, at the most deadly season of
the year, to the valley of the Rio Grande, where
they assembled, one continued deluge, with scarce-
ly a foot of dry land to rest on, and without tents
to shelter them from a burning midsummer sun,
or the inclemency of the weather?
If it is to be measured by patriotism, who, Iask,
would have presumption enough to claim prece-
dence over them ?
They have suffered, Mr. Chairman, deeply suf-
fered, every mortification that brave men could, at :
being discharged at the end of three months. They I
desired to serve out their term, and would have in-
listed for twelve months, if the option had been >
allowed them, as evidenced by General Taylor's
letter of the 1st July.
Well do I know the anxiety and regret of the
President and Secretary of War, at being compel-
led by duty to limit their service to three months.
The law was imperative—they had no alternative.
They, however, authorized Creneral Taylor to ac-
cept them for twelve months; he having more
troops than he desired, thought it his duty to dis-
fchargethem. They were discharged, and return-
ed to New Orleans with heavy hearts; and hun-
dreds of them had to depend on their friends or a
liberal public for the means to subsist on and take
them to their homes. These were the mortifica-
tions and hardships these biave men had to under-
go. Still, sir, it seems that their sacrifices—their '
sufferings—their patriotism and deep mortification,
are to be valued as nothing.
This bill proposes to increase the pay to two
dollars per month, which would amount to six
dollars. Is it presumed that these volunteers will
receive this pay? They are scattered from one
end of the State to the other. Is it intended that
the paymaster will go to each man's home to pay
him, or is it expected they are to go to the city, at
the cost often or twenty dollars, to collect this six
dollars? It must be clear to every mind that one
out of ten will not leceive a dollar. Give them the
land, give them a home they will be proud of, and
let them teach their children that their home was
given them by a oratefi.il country for their devotion
to her honor and glory.
Let us examine into the circumstances under i
which these volunteers were called out. General
Taylor was directed by the President, if necessity
required, to call on the adjacent States for troops.
He found himself in imminent peril. He called
on the Executive of Louisiana for troops. He re-
sponded as became a Louisianian. The Legisla-
ture was in session, but had adjourned for the day.
But no sooner did the startling intelligence of the
danger that threatened our army reach their ears,
than they rushed to the capital.
'■ The Senate had scarcely a quorum even: they
! placed by acclamation the entire means and credit j
i of the State at the disposition of the Governor, to j
! hasten on our citizen soldiery to succor our brave
little army or avenge their fall. The bill was sent
to the House, who, true to their constituents and
country, with a shout of acclamation, assented to
the patriotic work of the Senate. Our Governor
issued his proclamation, and sent it on the wings
of the wind to every quarter of the State, stirring
i up the hearts of every freeman within its borders.
■ Ploughs, workshops, and other avocations, were
j abandoned at a moment's warning, and the shout
was, to the rescue ! Soon our city was a military
camp. Out of a voting population of twenty-five
thousand, eiarht or nine thousand citizen soldiers
presented themselves as ready to uphold the honor
and glory of our common country. And how, I
ask, are these brave men to be requited ? Would
j you now add insult to injury? Is this your sense
! of justice? Is this your magnanimity and grati-
i tud'e? Arc the services of these men to be stisma-
j tized as insignificant and unworthy the gratitude
and approbation of this House ? No, sir; I appeal
from the decision of this special committee, to the
committee of the House, under the full conviction
that we will be saved from this outrage.
MR. BURT'S AMENDMENT.
SPEECH OF MR. S. F. LEAKE,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House op Representatives,
Januanj 15, 1847-
The House having under consideration the Bill to
establish a Territorial Government in Oregon,
and the immediate question being upon the pas-
sage of the bill—the following amendment, sub-
mitted by Mr. Burt, of South Carolina, having
been rejected, Viz:
" Insert in the twelfth section, after the word 'and'and
before the wordsishall h" subject,'the words: 'inasmuch
as the whole of the said Territory lies north of 36° 30-' north
latitude, known as the line of the Missouri compromise.'"
Mr. LEAKE said that he esteemed himself for-
tunate in having at length seen red an opportunity
of briefly assigning the reasons which would com-
pel him to vote against this bill, and against any
kindred measure, during the present session.
Sir, (said Mr. L.) since I have had the honor of
a seat on this floor, I have looked with deep inter-
est upon every measure calculated to affect, even
remotely, the prosperity of the United States; and
with the deepest anxiety have I watched the pro-
gress of every question which threatened, in its
consequences, the permanency of the Union, upon
which that prosperity so essentially depends.
I entered this body, Mr. Speaker, buoyant with
hope of the future progress and ultimate destiny of
this great Confederacy. I had been accustomed to
look forward confidently to the time when, by the
development of its unrivalled natural advantages, it
would have fulfilled the glorious mission to which
the God of Nations seemed to have called it. I
had trusted that the same spirit of mutual forbear-
ance and conciliation which had entered so largely
into the compact of Union>ixri& which now constitutes
the only solid basis upon which it can expect repose,
would continue to govern the deliberations of the
common councils. I came here, sir, with a trust-
ing, an abiding confidence, in the fidelity of all sec-
tions to the compromises of the Constitution; nor
could anything but actual experience have persua-
ded me that theie existed any party, respectable
for talents and numbers, who would cast into our
midst a firebrand, which might consume like flax
those sacred coids that have hitherto bound us
together. I would not believe, Mr. Speaker, that
this body was to be converted into a magnificent
Abolition society, from which, as a common cen-
tre, the South was to he deluged with a species of
incendiarism, not only at war with our peace and
prosperity, but deeply dangerous, if not fatal, to
the Union.
But, sir, as my over-credulous confidence has
been misplaced, so are my hopes destined, I fear,
to be blasted. That dark spirit of fanaticism
which has, for so long, haunted us like a spectre,
and would not be exorcised, has at UsL effected a
lodgment within these walls. That gloomy genius
of discord which has, for so long, set like a mighty
nightmare upon the bosom of our Confederacy,
almost suspending its respiration and portending
its ultimate dissolution, has at length permanently
located itself upon the very vitals of the Constitu-
tion. Already has Jt laid its profane hands tipon the
altars of our holy religion, and rent asunder the
very veil of the temple: and now, not content with
these ignoble triumphs, it invades the sanctuary of
freedom, and threatens, in its giant strides, to run
j riot over all that is fair and beautiful and sacred in
i our institutions.
! Mr. SAWYER here demanded to know if he
: [Mr. L.] meant to charge all who had voted against
i the amendment of the gentleman from South Caro-
| lina with being: Abolitionists?
I Mr. LEAKE (continuing). If the gentleman
! from Ohio would have had but a moment's pa-
! tience, his question would have been anticipated.
' I do not know, Mr. Speaker, of any more certain
! test to which to subject gentlemen, than their votes;
| and, whatever may be their "private opinions,"
• I must look to the records as the best and safest
