1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
113
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. iQarkley Martin.
new 8.
non-slaveholding States was then, as it unquestion-
ably now is, more a question of political power
than of moral expedience. The North, in order
to guard against a preponderance of power in the
slave States, and to sccure its exercise in their own
hands, insisted that no ntiio States, in which slavery
was tolerated, should be admitted into the tXnion.
They insisted on making the abolition of slavery
a sine qua tion of admission. The South, on the
Other hand, in order to the protection of its rights,
both of citizenship and property, insisted that no re-
strictions should be placed upon Stales applying
for admission; but that every such State should be
left to decide the question for itself. The ques-
tion, then, was as broad as the continent, and
looked to the whole policy of the Government, in
regard to this subject, for all time to come.
As was to have been anticipated, neither party
would concede the whole ground to the other; and,
after convulsions which were at one time ominous
of deep disaster to the whole fabric of Government,
the difficulty was compromised upon the line of
thirty-six degrees thirty minutes, as the final and de-
finitive settlement of this untoward controversy.
It has now, however, been revived, and under cir-
cumstances well calculated to produce great exas-
peration in the bosoms of the southern people
I have said, Mr. Speaker, that since the rejec-
tion of the amendment of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] this bill prohibits
slavery in Oregon, not in accordance with the Mis-
souri compromise, but by the bare exercise of un-
qualified, uncontrollable power, by a majority of
the Congress of the United States. And whence,
sir, does Congress derive this power? It has been
contended, particularly by the gentleman from
Maine, on yesterday, that Congress have (t exclu-
sive jurisdiction," and therefore unlimited poioer,
in the Territories; a doctrine, sir, better suited to
the precincts of Westminster Abbey than to the
Hall of Representatives in \he. United States. I
have often heard the same doctrine advanced in
relation to the District of Columbia. " Congress
shall have exclusive jurisdiction:" which, accord-
ing to this most monstrous argument, means un-
limited power! a doctrine, sir, which leaves the i
people of this District and of the Territories with-
out any constitutional protection whatever; and
subjects them to a despotism, not the less dangerous
because it is exercised by many instead of one!
Now, Mr. Speaker, it surely requires no argu-
ment to prove that Congress possesses no power
not conferred upon it by the Constitution. It is
the creature of the Constitution, and can, by its
very existence, possess no power not conferred
upon it by that instrument. Sir, the Constitution
of the United States of America throws the broad
shield of its protection over every citizen, no matter
what may be his locality.
Can you abolish the trial by jury in the Terri-
tories, or in the District of Columbia? Can you
subject a citizen, in either, to trial twicc, for the
same offence? Can you pass an ex post facto law
to operate in Oregon or in the city of Washington ?
Can you take private property for public uses, with-
out just compensation to the owners, in.either?
In short, sir, can you erect kindly governments.in
your Territories and in this District? No, Mr.
Speaker, no ! And why? Because you are for-
bidden by the Constitution. Because you have 1
not the rightful power. Whence, then, I again .
ask, do you derive the right to say that property \
in slaves shall not exist in the Territories, or that j
a citizen of Virginia shall not emigrate with that t
property to any Territory of the United Slates?
From "the unlimited poiver of Congress"—an i
argument, I am free to confess, that not only
meets this question, but any other that could, by |
possibility, be raised ! i
Now, sir, it is not a little remarkable that the '
powers of this Government over slavery are more ;
cautiously guarded and restricted than in regard ;
to any other property whatever. The only two
instances in which we have any power whatever !
over this subject, are the representation of three- !
fifths of the slaves, secured by the Constitution; !
and the duty, solemnly imposed by that instiument ;
upon all the States, to surrender fugitive slaves j
that msy escape into their limits. Thus, the :
property in slaves is specifically secured—the only ;
^instance of the kind in the whole instrument; and j
yet it is the property which has been selected as |
the peculiar subject of outrage and assault. A
more flagrant instance of a deliberate violation of
the Constitution is not exhibited in the whole his-
tory of the Government, from its foundation to the
present day.
We have heard much, Mr. Speaker, of the
a Wiimot proviso," in the progress of this debate.
And what, si'r, is its history? ft was thrust upon
us in the night of the last legislative day, but one,
of the last session. It was appended, as an amend-
ment, to a bill which was then supposed to be
highly conducive, if not necessary, to a peace with
Mexico. It has since been pressed upon us with
a pertinacity that develops a deliberate design of
its authors and friends to compel us of the South
into abject, unconditional submission to its man-
dates. There are some circumstances attending
its progress that are worthy of peculiar note.
We all remember, sir, the denunciations which
were heaped upon the " two million bill," when
first introduced at the last session. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts, particularly, [Mr. Win-
throp,] was peculiarly vehement in his dennnoia- .
tions. He declared that it conferred dangerous dis- !
cretionary powers upon the Executive—that he was
utterly opposed to any acquisition of territory from
Mexico—and has uniformly insisted that the prop-
osition to seize upon territory, as indemnity for
debts, was contiaVy to the spirit of civilization.
He, sir, and those who act with him, have de-
nounced the war as one of spoliation, commenced
and prosecuted with the view of seizing upon a ;
portion of the territory of a weak and defenceless i
sister republic. No sooner, however, was the j
Wiimot restriction attached to the " two million ,
bill" than the fanaticism of the gentleman got the |
better of his sympathies with Mexico, and he was :
very willing to commit this outrageous wrong upon
that republic, in order to secure an opportunity of j
committing a yet more grievous outrage upon the
southern portion of this Confederacy! He voted i
for the bill, sir, notwithstanding his previous denun- ,
ciations! He was willing, very willing it seems, [
to confide this dangerous discretion to Executive
hands, m order to do what the gentleman from New ;
York [Mr. Grover] said, a day or two since, it was !
his determination to do: "draw a cordon of free '
States arouud the South." Sir, I tell the gentleman
from New York, and all others engaged in this cru-
sade, that, in their efforts to create anew cord} they
may sncrn an old one.
Mr. speaker, there is another consideration con-
nected with this proposition that renders it pecu-
liarly obnoxious. There is nothing pending to
which it can cohere. There is no action proposed j
to which it is at all pertinent. It is not proposed
now to annex new territory; and yet this Wiimot-
King amendment is offered as a condition of su&h
annexation. There is not, nor can there be under
present circumstances, anything practical in it.
It therefore must be regarded as an "abstraction"— j
a mere naked assertion of power over the general i
question of slaveiy, and is for that reason a most j
wanton, unmitigated insult offered to the South, j
This is going a bow-shot beyond what the most;
senseless fanatic has ever heretofore proposed. It ;
is thrusting this question .upon us under cireum-j
stances that afford no excuse for, no paliation of, :
its enormity. To talk about attaching a condition i
precedent to the conquest of a foreign country is '
mere nonsense. It will, as it ought, subject us to ;
the ridicule of the world. |
And now, Mr. Speaker, I cannot refrain, before :
I resume my seat, from remarking upon the very ■
opposite line of conduct which has been uniformly i
pursued by the North and the South upon this
cxciting subject. We of the South, have never j
introduced it here. We have been content to leave 1
the question where it was left by the Constitution. !
We have complied with all our engagements, ful- |
filled all our obligations. We have just the same !
right to make the existence of slavery a condition ,
of admission into the Union as the North has to
make its non-existence. But we have never made |
such a question. We maintain that it is a matter
of-municipal regulation, with which this Govern-
ment cannot, rightfully, interfere; but which ought
to be left to the people of the States and Territories
to arrarige for themselves. If the States have,
on their application for admission, " a republican
form of government," that is all that we can re-
quire.
The North, on the contrary, has seized every
occasion of agitating this mischievo'u's topic. They
will not let it repose; and if it is cofriprtfmfoed they -
respect not the cdfripa^t. They will continue to
press it upon us, notwithstanding tfteoVviotfs dm?
gers which attend its a&itatiOn. In the jbfrrsuit of
a mere chimera, they sefcm willing to encmhger the
very existence of the modt perfect ^nd 'beautiful
model of government ever devised by man ! tFalk
about disunion! it is the North that threatens' it.
They cannot hear of the acquisition oY a territory
two thousand miles from them, because, perchance,
slavery may hereafter find a footing there. Does
not the same feeling prompt them to rid themselves
oY Maryland, and Virginia, atfd North Carolina,
and all the South ? Very well, gentlemen: if that
be your object (as it otigfit to be if ijotir principles bf
action be right) you may attain it, and that before
you are altogether prepared fdr it. Go oft: rush
forward in this mad crusade, and you will sliake
this Union to its deep foundations, if you do not
topple its very citadel about your ears.
Sir, I indulge in no threats—they are unfit for
the ears of freemen. X use not the language of in-
timidation: it is fit for slaves only. I appeal n6t
to the fears of our northern friends: I know them
to be brave, and far above the reach of such a con-
sideration. But I confidently appeal to their pa-
triotism—to their love of the Union—to their
devotion to the sacied compact under which we
have so long and so happily lived—and, ih this
spirit I tell them that there is danger, serious, pres-
sing danger in the further agitation of this subject.
I tell them that there is " a point beyond which
forbearance ceases to be a virtue;" and that by
continuing to press upon us a question so fraught
with all the elements of discord, they may see the
"beginning of the end," but God only can fell
what the end itself will be.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. B. MARTIN,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
December 22, 184G.
The Resolutions to refer the President's Message
to the appropriate Standing Committees, being
under consideration—
Mr. MARTIN said:
Mr. Chairman: I had determined not to raise
my voice, either in argument or declamation, on
the subject which now engages the attention of the
committee, f ramc to that conclusion, because it is
not at all unusual for young members in this assem-
bly to speak themselves out of character and out
of notice. I thought I would be a listener, and, in
the discharge of the high trusts committed to me
by a magnanimous people, maintain their, rights
by a silent vote. This determination, however, I
changed on hearing the speech of my colleague,
[Mr. Gentry.] I changed that determination
when I heard his denunciations; and although on
yesterday he appeared to labor with great diligence
and much iteration to extricate himself, yet he has
not, in my apprehension, presented a satisfactory
explanation. Situated as I am at home, the im-
mediate neighbor of the President, our residences
being only a mile and a quarter apart, I should re-
gard myself as a traitor to my constituency, from
whose bosom the President came, were I to refrain
from exercising my humble efforts in advocacy of
his private character, which has been denounced
upon this floor.
Mr. Chairman, I am about to use " Scripture
language" too. The gentleman fron? Indiana
says we are getting very pious here. Well, I am
inclined to think that he does not stand in muck
danger of such an imputation. My colleague says
he used the word " lie" in a Scriptural sense;, and
he said that he did not quote the residue of the
passage. I will quote it now. The passage is—
ki believe a lie ana be da'mned." Now mark: my
colleague characterizes the message as nothing but
a low'demagoguical attempt to make the people
believe a lie. Now, what is the ground of this
charge of falsehood? Mark how I will fasten this
accusation somewhere else. What is the, alleged
lie? Here it is: l< The war was commenced by the
President, and has been carried on by the Presi*
