1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
2Sth Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Barkley Martin.
Ho. or Reps.
tion that war exists by the act of Mexico, how
will reflecting men receive his declaration that this
■waris made by the President? How will his en-
lightened arid patriotic constituency reconcile this
declaration of my colleague with his official and
solemn acts at the last session of Congress? What
must be their tippreciation of the consistency of the
man who solemnly declaring in one breath that this
is an unconstitutional war—a war waged upon the
Constitution itself—turns round in the next, and
records his vote in favor often millions of money
and fifty thousand troops, to give disastrous effect
to this unholy crusade upon the Constitution and
liberties of the people?
Yes, and I cannot but feel amazed at the manner
in which my colleague attempts to excuse himself
for these votes. l am not much in the habit of
quoting poetry, but 1 will say to the gentleman, in
the language of England's greatest poet, that his
oft-repeated " ay1' on these occasions will
" Haunt fhofi like a wicked conscience *til!,
That mouldeth gobltus swift as frenzy's thought."
I have one remark or two to make here in rela-
tion to the moral influence of the course pursued by
my colleague. We are engaged m a war with a
foreign enemy. I ask, what is better calculated to
nerve the arm of that enemy than the declaration
that we are in the wrong? What, I ask, is more
calculated to unnerve the arm of the volunteer
from Tennessee than to tell Inm that his country
is engaged in an unjust war? The course pursued
by my colleague at the last session, and his con-
duct now, reminds me very much of an anecdote
I once heard of the hypochondriac in Europe,
who fancied himself to be possessed of a heretical
leg and an orthodox leg. To punish the heretical
leg—for he professed to be a very religious man—
he was in the habit of removing all covering from
it, and exposing it to the chilling severity of the
cold atmosphere. I ask my colleague which is
the patriotic leg and which the Mexican leg? [A
laugh.] Is it the leg of this session that he puts
forth, or is it the patriotic leg of last session, which
was so triumphantly displayed in the defence of
his country, that he now puts out? In his remarks
yesterday, my colleague applauded the Presi-
dent of the United States as a gentleman. He ad-
mitted that he had always exhibited the courteous
and honorable character and bearing of a gentle-
man. On one occasion my colleague stated that
he had met the President in a political contest, and
ho-bore testimony to the courtesy and politeness
of the President on that occasion. He stated fur-
ther, that he was animated by no personal ill-will
—no private pique—no individual hostility. But
in the face of all these sentiments of respect, which
my colleague assures us he has always entertained
for the President, he yet came forward the other
day, and declared on this floor, that"*' the personal
* character of the President was unworthy the
* favor of the meanest minion that shouted in
4 his train." How strangely inconsistent! My
•colleague knew'well that the private character of
the President was such as had uniformly com-
manded the rcspect alike of his political friends
and his political foes. And here I boldly assert,
that in all the private relations of life—in all po-
litical contests in his native State—throughout his
whole career, the President has maintained a
character of spotless integrity—a character which
can be safely put in comparison with that of any
of his accusers. It is for this House to determine
whether the President of the United States was
treated with becoming courtesy by my colleague
on this floor a few d<\ys since. When face to
face Greek met Greek—when my colleague and
the President met in the political contest—courtcsy
prevailed. No He was then rudely given. No
insinuation of pusillanimity or meanness was
then attempted. But now the gentleman said he
would lift up his voice and spare not, in order to
show that he "was not afraid to speak!" Not
afraid to speak! Who doubted it? Who dare to
insinuate that he who could in the coarsest terms
denounce his opponent when he was a mile and a
quarter distant, was afraid to speak? Certainly
a gentleman so chivalnc—so bold—could rever
be suspected of being afraid to speak here or
anywhere else.
I have but a few additional remarks to make,
and I shall be as brief as possible. I do not in-
tend to arraign any gentleman. I come not here
to impugn the motives of any member of this |
Flouse. But 1 come to defend myself against the '
charge of treason. And 1 might, perhaps, find
occasion for some little personal insult, if it were i
not that I have determined to have no controversy ■
here. Oh! but I am guilty of treason—whv?
Because I am represented as saying that the Presi- 1
dent is not guilty of a violation of the Constitu- I
tion in carrying on this war. I have shown you i
that this war was commenced by Mexico; and I !
have proved it by the solemn fact lecorded on your j
journals, and endorsed by my colleague. Who j.
has recognised this war? I answer, Congress has; j|
and it has placed in the hands of the President the
means to prosecute it. Is it not strange, that for
doing the very thing which my colleague clothed
him with power to do, the President is denounced
as a traitor* Is it not passing strange that the Presi-
dent, for executing the commands of my colleague,
is denounced by that very gentleman as guilty of
treason ? I speak in a scriptural sense—[A laugh]
—if I build up that which I destroy, am I not a
transgressor ? For what has the President waged
this war? Why does not the gentleman ask him-
self why he voted for this war' The President,
he says, is carrying on the war without telling us
the ostensible objects of the war.
My colleague [Mr. Gentry] says that the object
of this war was to relieve General Taylor and his
brave soldiers at Palo Alto. But was that the way
to relieve General Taylor? Sir, if the design in
voting for the measures was to have made this war
a defensive war, or to relieve General Taylor, gen- '
tlemen should have so declared, and so voted. If ■
they believe its progress is now in violation of the j
Constitution, like patriots, they should come to the :
rescue. If the liberties of the people are threat |
ened, and arc in danger, by this unconstitutional i
war, who so degenerate as not to come to the j
rescue of the Constitution, and the "down trod-
den" rights and liberties of the people, and instead
of voting men and money to prosecute the war '
vigorously, vote to rccall our troops within our
own undisputed territory. Are there none who
voted for this war, that will step forward, and in-
stead of assaulting the Administration, by pointing ;
out the quicksands, the rocks, and breakers in the
past voyage, «how and point the nation to the port ;
where the ship of State may safely enter, and the I
warriors'cry in battle beheard no more? No, sir, no; i
the very gentlemen who are so violent m assaults
on the Executive for the past, are still expressing
their willingness Jo vote means and men to carry
on this war against Mexico, this war "begun,"
or " made by the President." Sir, the President
is required, by the solemn mandate of Congress,
by almost an unanimous vote of this House, four- j
teen only dissenting, to wage this war, in the words j
of the statute, " to prosecute said war to a speedy !
and successful termination." In carrying out !
your mandate, as your servant obeying, m the use j
of the means placed in his hands, we see our j
forces, our victorious troops, to terminate this war j
successfully, gallantly unfurling your tiiumphant |
banner m the Californias, in New Leon, Coahuila, ;
Tampico, Camargo. Yes, sir, all New Mexico i
is acknowledging and yielding to the triumph of i
your arms. And, for thus rendering obedience in I
prosecuting this war successfully to procure peace, ;
he, (the President,) is declared to be a tyrant and j
traitor. Cruel masters, to command obedien'ce, and j
then to chastise the complying servant, with menace, i
threats, and the rod, most unsparingly. Let gen- !
tlemen, who clothed their servant with authority i
to put on the armor of the warrior, and who com- J
manded him to wage war to a speedy and success-
ful termination, cease their tirade of abuse, for he :
is doing their bidding. Let us hear no more com- |
plaint about conquest, and the subjugation of this •
vast territory; no more from gentlemen who were ,
in favor of whipping Mexico into a peace; no more j
from gentlemen charging treason, tyrant, usurper,
trampling under foot the rights of the people; no
more; no, not until the act approved the 13th of
May last be expunged, erased, or repealed. If
gentlemen regret or repent the act recognizing the
existing war: if my colleague has seen his error,
and now thinks the oft-repeated " ay " was un-
thoughtful and wrong; if he now believes the pre-
amble he helped to add to the bill, (by striking out
and inserting,) is not now true; if we must aban-
don all our conquests, let him rally, let them rally
under the banner of the able gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hudson,] and, like another Cato,
call upon the President to " disband his legions."
Let us, Mr. Chairman, take a further view of
the events—of the course of policy pursued by the
two parties on this question, I recollect at the last
session of Congress to have witnessed—I say it
with all respect—on the countenance of my friend
some degree of writhing under the lash of the
venerable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams.] The gentleman from Kentucky said he
was in favor of whipping Mexico into peace. The
gentleman from Massachusetts replied that we had
whipped her enough. I agreed with him then; and
I expected, from the manifestations he presented
on that evening, that until this war had terminated,
we should have had no discussion as to the causes
of the war, but would press forward to a peace, to
be obtained by " whipping Mexico." But we
have resumed our scats here, and instead of una-
nimity, we find a very different aspect of affairs.
Mr. Chairman, a longer time ago than I now choosc
to tell, I used to do a little of what we call in Ten-
nessee, " fisticuff." [A laugh.] But I nevet could
when told that my cause was bad. When I fan-
cied that I had received an insult, and my friends
held mc back and told me I had not sufficient cause
to fight, I was forccd to pause and reflect. When
my father told me that my cause was not just, I
reflected. But when my friends said, "Martin's
in the right," I made—but I won't say what I did.
What so\t of a ridiculous attitude does he present
who calls out to a chap who, with coat off and
sleeves lucked up, has spat on his hands, and gone
at it real Tennessee fashion—" John, your cause
is bad, but whip him.'' [Laughter.] How ridi-
culous to call out to the President, "Polk, you're in
the wrong, but whip 'em !" [Renewed laughter.]
"Polk, you're in an unjust war—you're leading
the country into a damnable war, but never mind,
whip 'em." [Laughter.] Now, Mr. Chairman,
I cidmho the sincerity, I reveic the consistency, of
the immortal "fourteen" that voted against the
declaration of war. I say to the gentleman from
Ohio over the way, [Mr. Gidiungs,] notwithstand-
ing you have committed political sins of a high
order, yet in this business of the war you are con-
sistent. Your judgment was convinced that the
war was wrong, and you voted as your judgment
directed. You said: "Jonathan, you're going
into an unjust war: I'll wash my hands of it!"
[A laugh.] That's the language of the gentleman
fiom Ohio, and the gentleman from Massachusetts.
He violates the laws neither of God nor man. But
he who denounces the war as unjust, and yet
votes for it, violates both God's holy law and every
principle of ethics. Those gentlemen look abroad
upon the battlefield; they behold the battlements
of Monteiey; they see a chivalric Worth—(and
Worth let his name evermore remain, for his deeds
are those of a true man!)—they see him scaling the
fortified heights ; they hear a Campbell and an
Anderson, of Tennessee, commanding the brave
volunteers of that State, and they declare, " We
voted for this war, but it is an urfjust war; it is a
President's war; it is an unholy war!'5 What
would be the effect of such a speech5 Would it
not paralyze the heart-strings of the gallant vol-
unteer? Would it not cause him to sheath his
sword, and pause in sorrow in the midst of his
glorious career ? But suppose another voice salu-
ted the ears of the soldier. Suppose it was pro-
claimed to them: " This is a just war. For years
your country has patiently suffered wrongs at the
hands of Mexico, and is now at length diiven to
seek redress on the field of battle. Your cause is
just; it is the cause of your country!" I ask,
what would be the effect of such a speech as that ?
What would he its effect on the Tennessee volun-
teers? Why, they would, in Tennessee style,
throw up their caps in the air, and, shouting aloud
j " Remember the deeds of our fathers at New Or-
j leans!" they would rush to the thickest of the
| fight. I really was half inclined to fear that after
! the speech of my colleague we would get no more
1 volunteers from Tennessee. We are a just people
' there, although we hove been denounced as the
I suppoiters of an unjust war. Yet, I think, we
j are a God-fearing people in Tennessee. We pra-
! feg3 there to have our altars and our churches.
| The Tennesseean father trains his child to respect
' the laws of God and the laws of man. The first
