1,46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 14,
29x0 Cong 2d Sess."
The Slavery -Question—Mr. Burt.
Ho of Rkps.
lesse# that is .impressed upon the youthful mind,
is t&jr.emqgpber that to be just is to obey God. I
ask my colleague, if Tennessee believes the doc-
trines which he proclaimed the other day, how
e$in he aspect to muster any more volunteers into
the field in answer to the country's call ? I never
will e.ngage in an unjust act, if I know it to be
unjust. 1 care no.t what the sacrifice, if con-
vinced 
Mr.-GENTRY. I had not the pleasure of hear-
ing all the remarks of my colleague with reference
to -what I said, tie is now proceeding in a strain
of avgument which 
Mr. MARTIN. My hour has nearly expired.
Will the gentleman wait till I have concluded? *
Mr. GENTRY". It would seem from his argu-
ment that my remarks were levelled against the
justice of the war. I said nothing on that, except
that if the President had, in conformity with his
constitutional obligations, sent in a message recom-
mending a war, I was inclined to believe, and did
believe, that I would have voted for it. I did not
at all undertake to justify Mexico. What I com-
plained of was, that the war had been unconstitu-
tionally made—made by the President—whereas
it could be made constitutionally only by the rep-
resentatives of the people in Congress assembled.
The whole course of the gentleman's remarks is
based on what I did not say.
Well., well, my colleague says that he has not
charged that this war is unjust. True, he has not
in words, but his argument heretofore and explana-
tion now made, amount to the same. A war be-
gun by the President or " made by the President"
in violation of the Constitution, carried on by the
President, in which he (the President) is de-
nounced as a tyrant and usurper, and they are
guilty of treason who do not unite with the honor-
able gentleman m so denouncing the Executive,
must be unjust m Ins view. Can"I be doing injus-
tice to my colleague in drawing such a reasonable
inference? Surely not. Why have we our courts
of errors and appeals? Why our supreme judi-
cial tribunals, but to do justi< e to litigants, in cor-
recting the judgments of inferior tribunals? A
Judgment entered upon in violation of the Consti-
tion, is a judgment without law—is an unjust act;
the injustice of which consists in violation of the
Constitution. Whatever is commenced by a pub-
lic functionary and curried on ill violation of the
Constitution, a/l'eetmg the lights of individuals and
of nations, is and must be injustice. A wai com-
menced and carried on by a tyrant, without con-
stitutional authority, in the judgment of all men,
must be nil un just war. If correct in defining- what
an unjust war is, my colleague has no cause to
complain, though he 'did not use the word unjust.
But my colleague can set me right if I have done
him injustice in my inference, by answering the
question I will put to him at this moment. "Will
he, just at this moment, tell the committee whether
he now believes the war just or unjust? T,o an-
swer scripturally, the honorable gentleman will iet
his communication be " yea, yea, or nay, nay; for
whatsoever is more than these, cometh of evil". "
Mr, GENTRY. Whether just or unjust, the
nation being at war, though the Constitution has
been violated, that violation will be neither repair-
ed nor redressed by failing to sustain the arms of
the United btates, and by adding to the disgrace
of a violated Constitution that of a defeated army.
I prefer victories to defeats so long as the Ameri-
can aimy is in the field under the flag of our coun-
try. It is the duty of the representative of the
people to redress violations of the Constitution. I
Mr. MARTIN. I ask him, does he believe the '
war to bo just or unjust? And I demand a cat- i
egoncal answer. I do not ask for a speech. My ;
colleague remains silent. I would be 
Mr. GENTRY. I say again that whenever the
question cowes up here, or if it had come up here
and been presented m such circumstances as to
enable members of this House to express an opin-
ion on its merits, I would be prepared to say
whether the war is just or unjust. I believe just
ana sufficient cause existed for a war with Mexico
for years, if the Government had chosen to avail
Itself of them.
Mr. MARTIN. I cannot yield the floor for a
speech. ' want a categorical answer.
Mr MARTH ''aVe yr"r .answpr> s!r-
ivir. iviiiit J.1A. i repeat the interrogatory.
Does the gentleman believe the war to be just or
unjust ?
B&r. GENTRY. I do not believe that it has
been constitutionally made.
Mr. MARTIN. Is it just or unjust?
Mr. GENTRY. I admit that Mexico com-
mitted many acts which would have justified this
nation in making war. [Laughter.] But this is
not a war constitutionally made.
Mr. MARTIN. Will you answer the question?
Mr. GENTRY. It depends on the facts.
Mr. MARTIN. Ah! "What are they? My
colleague refuses to give a categorical answer to a
plain categorical question. I will give the answer.
: It stands recorded in his vote; it stands recorded
'• in that list of yeas and nays; it stands thus: " I
;j believe that this war was brought on by the act of
the republic of Mexico 1 Meredith P. Gentry, of
the State of Tennessee !" *And yet my colleague
refused to answer here to-day ! Bat his answer is
on your record; and though he may again and
again exclaim, "Out, damned spot," yet there it
will ever state him in the face, and haunt him like
the ghost of Banquo I
A voice: The ghost of Bancroft! [Laughter.]
Mr. MARTIN. The gentleman is mistaken—
not the ghost of Bancroft this time. [Laughter.]
I thought that the spirit of the brave Tennesseean
would not have shrunk from giving an answer
to the inquiry. But it is for this Mouse to deter-
mine whether my colleague lias marched up to the
scratch. It is for them to say which leg is out. I
ij think the Mexican leg is out! [Laughter.] But
I tell the gentleman, 1 believe Tennessee will make
him answer that question.
Mr. GENTRY. I am always ready to answer
those who have the right to catechise.
Mr. MART1JN. I beg to say, that it has been
with the best feelings, and in accordance with the
courtesies of this House, that I have catechised
j my colleague. But 111 silence has he remained.
Ye gods! he ready with your thunderbolts, and
strike the Representative, the Tennessee Repre-
sentative, who is obstinately dumb! [Laughter.]
1 have spoken in all kindness to my colleague,
and I beg leave here to repeat, that for him I enter-
tain the most friendly feeling. But I must tell my
constituents that the gentleman accused the Presi-
dent of making the people believe a he, which he
himself had twice endorsed. I assure him I use
the woid "in a sciiptural sense!" [Laughter.]
I hope that he will seek f<ngi\en< ss of Tennessee,
and jiist convince them that that war for which he
voted i.i just.
Mr. (JKNTRY. I seek no forgiveness.
Mr. MARTIN. Then I can only say that the
gentleman conies under that melancholy description
of the Scripture/* given over to hardness of heart."
[Laughter.] 1 have no doubt that my colleague,
when lie, comes to his cool and sober senses, as
he is m the habit of quoting Seriptuie, will be
found 
[Jlere the remorseless hammer fell.]
: Sir, I will add, although my hour has expired,
| that 1 expect to hear some day from my colleague,
; that he has been seen seated upon that beautiful
eminence near Franklin, in old Williamson, lonely
1 and sorrowfully crying out, " Oh ! that my head -
were waters, and mine eyes a fountain of tears,"
that I might weep over and wash away my politi-
cal inconsistency. [Loud laughter.]
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT OF OREGON.
SPEECH OF MR. A. BURT,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
i In the House of RepresexNtatives,
| January 14, 1847.
I The Bill to establish the Territorial Government of
| Oregon being under consideration in Committee
j of the Whole, and the pending question being
I the following amendment submitted by Mr,
j Burt—
I u Insert in the Htli section, aftei the word < and,5 mid be-
i fore the words 1 shall be subject,' the words 'inasmuch as
[ 1 the whole of the said T.;iritoiy lie*, north of thirty-six de-
! 'grees and thirty minutes noith latitude, known as the hue 1
| £ of the Missovm coinprouuse.' I
j Mr. BURT addressed the committee as follows i ]
Mr. Chairman: The interference by Congress I.
with the domestic policy of the States and the mu-
nicipal rights of the citizen—at all times exciting--*
is, in the present juncture in our national affairs, and
in the form now proposed, a subject of the deepest
interest to my constituents, and, as I solemnly
believe, to the South, and the whole country.
Sir, we cannot disguise from ourselves the fact
that a crisis approaches, and that it advances with
rapid and fearful strides. I warn the South, and
1 admonish the North, that it is not to he evaded
or averted. It must be met. If we shrink from
it to-day, it will return with increased violence to-
morrow. It were unmanly timidity to hope or to
desire to postpone it for a day or an hour.
I cannot hope to speak to this question—I do
not desire to speak to it—without that earnestness
which befits its importance and its magnitude; but
i trust I shall repress all undue excitement and
passion.
I never reflect, Mr. Chairman, upon the results
of the last memorable and eventful session of Con-
gress^ without a sense approaching to awe, of the
moderation and wisdom which averted a war be-
tween the United States and Great Britain, by the
happy and peaceful adjustment of then- protract-
ed and delicate controversy respecting the limits
of their teiritories on the northwest coast of this
continent. It was a signal triumph of reason and
Justice over passion and pride. I know no instance
in ancient or modern history of a nobler example
by two great, nations to the civilized world.
By the treaty that adjusted these conflicting
claims and defined the limits of our possessions^
west of the Rocky Mountains, we acquired a ter-
ritory stretching from the forty-second parallel to
the forty-nmth parallel, north latitude. We ob-
tained the exclusive and undisputed title to aterii-
tory whose area is large enough for the formationi
of four or five States of the medium size. It is a
country which possesses many and great natural
advantages. Its chinato is mild and genial, its
soil generous and fertile. Sections of it are adapt-
ed to the growth of cotton and tobacco—those
great elements of our foreign commerce. It will,
in the future expansion of tins Confederacy, com-
mand the commerce of China, of India, of Japan,
and the islands of the S&uth Seas. Its position in
j reference to the Pacific, is as eminently advanta-
geous, both in a military and commercial point of
view, as that of these Suites to the Atlantic Ocean.
It has great mineral resources. It is capable of
sustaining a dense population, and is destined to
be the home of an adventurous and enterpiising
people.
We are about to establish for this Territory a
temporary government—a government to endure
only until its population and resources shall en-
able it to rise to the dignity of a State, and deter-
mine the character of its own institutions. The
population is at this time sparse and mixed, but
principally composed of emigrants fiom the States
of this Confederacy.
It is proposed, by the bill before the committee,
to impose, by the legislation of Congress, upon the
inhabitants of this territory, the prohibitions, con-
ditions, and restrictions of the oidinance of 1787,
which was adopted as a fundamental regulation for
the territory northwest of the river Ohio. Slavery
does not exist in this territory of the Oregon. I do
not know that a slave ever (fid make, or ever will
make, a foot-print on its soil. If this article of the
ordinance of 1787 be incorporated into this bill, it
is designed and intended to be an eternal, irrevei-
sible, interdict upon slavery in our vast posses-
sions in Oregon. Upon this great question, the
opinions of its inhabitants lfave not been consulted.
They are alike unknown and unheeded in your
legislation. No delegate is in this Hall to declare
their wishes respecting a measure which is to be
fundamental and immutable, even after Oregon
shall have ceased to be a Territory, and shall stand
before the world in the might and majesty of a
sovereign State.
"What, sir, is the article of the ordinance of 1787,
which it is sought to incorporate into the territorial
government of Oregon, and establish as a rule to
which its inhabitants shall conform, as paramount
to the rights of sovereignty and self-government,
now and in^all time to come? It is to be found
amongst certain provisions of that ordinance de-
nominated " articles of compact between the origi-
' nal States and the people and States in the terri-
