1-84T.J
APPENDIX TO' THE CONGRESSIONAL &LQBE.
i¥?
259th Cong 2d Sess.
Thv Sltwery Question—Mr. Burt.
Ho. of Rets.
' tory northwest of the river Ohio." The sixth of
these articles is as follows: " There shall be neither
' slavery nor involuntary servitude in the said terri-
' tory otherwise than in the punishment of crimes,
' whereof tho party shall have been duly convict-
' ed." Has Congress the constitutional power, I
demand to be informed, to impose upon the inhab-
itants of Oregon this condition and restriction? I
propose to conduct and to answer this inquiry.
That immense and fertile territory northwest of
the river Ohio, was voluntarily ceded by the State
• of Virginia in 1784. It embraces within its broad
limits the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michi-
gan, and the Territory of Wisconsin, which is
about to be admitted as a State. In that munifi-
cent donation, Virginia made a condition, which I
beg leave to brm<; to the attention of the committee.
Her deed of cession of the 1st March, 1784, recites
the act of Congress inviting the States to cc.dc their
vacant territory, and adopts the conditions of that
act as the terms of the cession; protesting, how-
ever, that they were not entirely satisfactory to
Virginia. That condition is as follows:
" That is to say, upon condition that tile territory so ceded
shall be laid out and foimed into States, containing a suita-
ble extent of territory, not less than one hundred nor more
than one hundred and fifty nnle«* square, or as near thereto
as circumstances will admit; and that the States so formed
shall be distinct republican States, and admitted members
of the Federal Union, having the came rights* of sovereignty,
freedom, and independence, as the other States."
Tins was the condition proposed by Congress
to the States, and the condition which Virginia
annexed to her cession. This donation, I maybe
allowed to remark, was prior to the adoption of
the Federal Constitution. Now, I beg to know—
I trust some gentleman will be pleased to say,
whence the Congress of 1787 derived the authority
to ordain this " article of compact," which should
chain down, in all future time, in subjection to its
arbitrary mandate, the sovereign will and the des-
tinies of free, great, and populous States? Was
it deduced from the terms of the cession by Vir-
ginia? This " article" is palpably and flagrantly
inconsistent both with the letter and the spirit of
this act of patriotic and princely munificence.
It is alike unjust and proscriptive to Virginia, and
to all the southern States. It was never ratified
by Virginia; and I take it upon me to say, that no
act in the history of that State can be adduced
which countenances this offensive interpolation
upon the conditions of her grant. Then, sir, was
the authority derived from the Articles of Confede-
ration. I shall be indebted to him, if any gentle-
man will be pleased to show me the power in that
instrument. I have been unable to perceive the
slightest authority for this extraordinary "arti-
cle." "Would any gentleman venture to say, that
this "article" resulted from any supposed inherent
sovereignty in the Congress of 1787? I will do no
one the wrong to attribute to him an opinion so
monstrous. If, then, the authority for this article
of the ordinance is not to be found in any of these
sources of power, and the Congress of 1787 ex- j
ercised none but delegated authority, I venture ;
confidently to pronounce it an usurpation—an as- !
sumption, " without the least color of constitu- i
tional authority." Mr. Madison—a member of that i
Congress—one whose wise and moderate coun- '
sels contributed largely to the deliberations which
resulted in the formation of the Federal Constitu- !
tion—whose great intellect and large experience j
demonstrated the incurable defects of the Confed- j
eration, and the eminent advantages of the present j
Constitution—a statesman, whose luminous essays j
expounded with irresistible light and force, the ;
powers of each form of government, pronounced '
this celebrated ordinance to be without the " least i
constitutional authority." In one of the articles ;
of the Federalist, Mr. Madison wrote as follows: i
" Congress have undertaken to do more: they have !
1 proceeded to form new States; to erect temporary >
* governments, to appoint officers for them, and to j
' prescribe the conditions on which such States shall j
' be admitted into the Confederacy. All this has !
'been done, and done without the least color ofj
4 constitutional authority." • "j
I proceed now to inquire, whether these " arti- '
cles of compact" were assented to by the people of
the territory northwest of the river Ohio, and
whether the sixth article was consistent with their
interests, opinions, and rights. If it should be j
shown, as I trust I shall demonstrate, that the 1
ordinance of 1787 was opposed'to the interests and
in violation of the rights of the inhabitants of that
Territory, I< demand to know upon what ground it
is to be justified, and held upas a precedent for
future legislation. I have a chapter of history
from the Northwest Territory which I beg to com-
mend'to the attention of the committee as a lesson
and'an admonition. In the year 1804, the repre-
sentatives- of the - people of all parts of the North-
west Territory assembled in convention, to delib-
erate touching Territorial interests. General Wil-
liam Henry Harrison was chosen President. The
convention adopted amemorial to Congress, which
was transmitted by its President. The memorial
was committed to a committee of the House,
which, by its chairman, [Mr. Rodney,] made the
following report:
"Mr. Rodney, from the committee to which had been re-
ferred a letter from William Henry Harrison, President of
the general convention of the people of the Indiana Territo-
ry; also, a memorial and petition from the said convention,
on the 17th day of Febiucity. 1804, reported :
"That taking into their con idei<ition the facts stated in
the said memorial and petition, they are induced to believe
that a qualified suspension, for a limited time, ot the sixth
article of compact between tho ou^inul States and the people
and States wust of the liver Ohio, mi^ht he pioductive ol
benefit and advantage to the said Territoiy.5'
The committee reported the following resolu-
tion :
"Resolved, That the sixth article of the ordinance of 1787,
which prohibited slavery within the said Territory, be sus-
pended in a qualified manner for ten years, so as to peimit
the intioduction of slaves, born within the United States,
from any of the individual States: Provided, That such in-
dividual State does not pt-rmu the importation of .-laves from
foreign countries: Jlnd provided further, That the descend-
ants of ail such slaves .shall, if males, bp free at the aye of
twenty-five years, and if females, at the age of tvventy-one
years."
If it be supposed that this memorial emanated
from an assembly that did not represent the wishes
and sentiments of the inhabitants of the Territory,
I then invite the attention of the committer to cer-
tain resolutions of the Legislative Council of Indi-
ana, adopted in 1806, which were communicated
to Congress by the Governor of the Territory, in
December of that year. The resolutions, thus
adopted, two years after the convention of the
people, whose memorial 1 have alluded to, are as
follows:
" Resolved, unanimously, by the Legislative Council aud
House of Representatives of the Indiana Territory, That a
suspension of the sixth article of compact between the
United States and the Territories and States northwest of
the river Ohio, passed the 13th day of July, 3787, for the
term often years, would be highly advantageous to the said
Teiritory, and mee^the approbation of at least nine-tenths
of the good citizens of the same.
"Resolved, unanimously, That the abstract Question of
liberty and slavery is now considered as involved m a sus-
pension of the said article, inasmuch as the number of
slaves in the United States would not be augmented by the
measure.
"Resolved, That the suspension of the said article would
be equally advantageous to the Temtory, to the Urates ftom
vvheuce the negroes would be brought, and to the negroes
themselves; to the Territory, because of its situation with
regard to the other States, it must be settled by emigrants
from those in which slavery is tolerated, or for many years
remain m its present situation, its citizens deprived of the
greater part of their political lights; and, indeed,of all those
which distinguish the American fiom the citizens aud sub
jects of other Government*?. The States which are over-
burdened with negroes would he benefited by their citizens
having an opportunity of dispo,->imr ot the negroes which
they cannot comfoi tably suppoi t, or of removing w ith them
to a country abounding with all the necessaries of life; and
the negro himself would exchange a scanty pittance of the j
coaisest food for a pionnful and nourishing diet, and asitua- '
tion winch admits not the most distant prospect of emanci-
pation for one which presents no consideiahle obstacle to his
wishes.
" Resolved, unanimously, That the citizens of this part of
the former Northwestern Territory consider themselves as
having claims upon Congress m togard to the suspension of
the said article; because at the time of the adoption of the
ordinance of 1787, slavery was tolerated, and slaves gen-
erally possessed by the citizens then inhabiting the country,
amounting to at least one-half ot the present population of
Indiana; and because the said ordinance was passed in
Congress, when the said citizens were not represented in
this body, without their being consulted, and without their
knowledge and approbation.
" Resolved, unanimously, That from the situation, soil,
climate, and productions of the said Teiritory, it is not be-
lieved that the number of slaves would evei bear such a
proportion to the white population as to endanger the inter-
na! peace and prospenty of the country.
" Resolved, unanimously, That copies of these resolutions
be delivered to the Governor of this Territory, to be by him
forwarded to the President of the Senate, and to the Speaker
of the House of Representatives of the United States, with
a request that they will lay them before the Senate and
House of Representatives, over which they respectively
preside.
"Resolved, unanimously, That a copy of these resolutions
he delivered"to the Dfelegaterfromtbis Territory to-CongresS,
and that lie be, and Hereby is, instructed to use bis.best&n-
dfeavors to obtain a suspension of.th^ 6$id.article.
« JESSfi 8. TtfOMlA'S;
" Spectkef of'the House of Represeiittctt&es.
" PIERRE MEPfifcfeD , . -,
" President pro teon. of the Legislative OctundL
" Mr. Parke,-from the committee to which these resolu-
tions were referred, reported the 12th of July, 1807, -thefbl-
iowing resolution:
"Resolved, That it is expedient to suspend, from and aftlelr
the 1st day of January, 1808, the sixth 'article of eompfitet
between the United States and the Territories and* St$t#s
northwest of the Ohio river, passed the 13th day, of July*
1787, for the term often years."—VoLVQ, State Papers, 478.
Thus, Mr. Chairman, it.appears, that this ordi-
nance of 1787 was warranted by no rightful au-
thority, and consulted in no respect the wishes and
opinions of those upon whom its proscription was
laid. I will not pause to characterize a proceeding*
so palpably without authority, and so directly in
defiance of the will of a community so nearly
unanimous. I will not say what use has. been
made of the munificent donation of Virginia. I
will not stop to inquire whether it has been con-
verted into the means of annoyance to an institu-
tion which that State has ever esteemed to be most
valuable.
The next precedent in our history, and that
which I shall proceed to examine, is the memo-
rable Missouri compromise of 1820. In the year
1803, the United States acquired from France a
territory whose limits comprise the States of Lou-
isiana, Missouri, Arkansas, and Iowa, and; the
country north of Iowa, (which is large enough to
constitute a State,) and in which it is proposed,
during this session, to organize a terntoiial gov-
ernment. This was the first foreign territory
which was acquired by the United States. I will,
very briefly, advert to the history of that acquisi-
tion, and the cause that led to it. The Louisiana
territory had been acquired by France from Spain
prior to the purchase by the United States. With,
tins territory, the United States acquired the ex-
' elusive right to that magnificent stream, the Mis-
sissippi river. Whilst this country was a depend-
ency of Spain, the most vexatious and inconve-
nient restrictions were imposed upon the navigation
of the great river of the West. These restrictions
j produced much excitement in the West. Public
I meetings were held, and memorials adopted, com-
! plaining, in the most emphatic language, of the
indifference and neglect of the Government to the
West. The productions of its teeming-.soil could
find no channel to the marts of commerce but the
Mississippi, and the thrifty and enterprising. West
demanded that its navigation should be opened.
It was the West alone that demanded the purchase
of the Louisiana territory, and the concession was
made to her importunities. I have not been atile
to discover that the extension of the domestic polity,
of the South entered into the considerations for
the acquisition, and I feel authorized to say, that it
constituted no inducement to the purchase.
After this-4glance at the history of the purchase
of Louisiana, I will inquire, what was this legis-
lative stipulation, known as the Missouri compro-
mise ? It is contained in the eighth section of the
act of 6th March, 1820, and is as follows:
"And be it further enacted, That in alt thatteriitory ceded
by France to the United States under the name of Louisiana,
whieh lies north of thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes
north latitude, not included within the limits of the State
contemplated by this act, slavery and involuntary servitude,
otherwise than in the punishment of crimes whereof the
parties shall have been duly convicted, shall be, and is here-
by, torevei piohibited: Provided always, That any person
escaping into the same from whom labor or service is law-
fully claimed in any-State or Territory of the United States,
such fugitive may be lawfully reclaimed, and conveyed
to the person claiming Ins or hei labor or serviee as afore-
said."
This is the memorable Missouri compromise!
I had supposed that a compromise contained mu-
tual concessions of rights and pretensions. But
the concessions here are exclusively to the non-
slaveholding States. There is no reciprocity, no
mutuality, whilst slavery is forever prohibited in
that territory north of thirty-six degrees and thirty
minutes north latitude; there is not a solitary guar-
antee for its existence south of that line; no limita-
tion whatever is imposed upon the right of the
States south of that line to determine for themselves
whether that institution shall exist among them,
it gave all to the North and nothing to the South.
I am at a loss to conceive with what propriety.that
can be called a compromise which ma&esuo*mti«
