1847.].
APPENDIX T0: THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 1st Sess. Fremont's Topographical and Scientific Maps-.—l\Jr. Benton.
tributed to it: on the contrary,, fertile and pleasant
valleys abound, inviting the residence, of civilized'
mail, and rivalling the beauties and the grandeur
of Switzerland. The valleys of the hpstd streams,
of the Great Platte, the Arkansas, and. of the
Grand River Fork of the Colorado of the West,
and of the three magnificent coves, or parks, in
which they, separately collect their first' waters,
each larger thi\n a Swiss canton, walled in by a rim
of snow-clad mountains, rising three thousand feet
above their own elevation of sev,en thousand., and
each discharging its waters in a bold river thrpugh
a single gate, and in.oppqsite directions: these val-
leys and,parks are part of the wonders of this great
central section of these mountains, and deserve to
be seen in the pencil sketches of-the explorer, as
■well as to be read of. in his fresh descriptions writ-
ten on the ground; for in that way was his narra-
tive compqsed. At pdge 281 of his Report, and
on his return from his second expedition, and un-
der the dates of June 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, and
15th, he thus speaks of some of these wonders and
beauties of the mountains:
'•Yesterday and to-day we have had belbre our eyes the
high mountains winch divide the Pacific from the Mi.-bis?-
sippt waters; and entering here among the lower spurs, or
foot hills of the ratig.2, the face of the country hegan to im-
prove with a magical rapidity. Not only the nvei bottoms,
but the bills, wer«2 covered with giass; and among the u ual
varied flora of the mountain region, these were Occasionally
blue with the showy bloom ot a lupvnus. In the course of
the morning we had the first glad view of buffalo, and wel-
comed the appearance of two old buils with as much joy
as if they had been messengers from home; and when we
deluded to noon oil St. Vrain's folk, an affluent ofGieen
river, the hunter* (nought in mountain sneep and the meat
of two fat bull^. Fresh entrails m the river showed us that
there were Indiana above; and, at evening, judging it un-
safe to encamp m the bottoms, wiiich were wooded only
with willow thick n*, we a<c,ended to the spurs above, and
forted strongly in a small aspen grove, near to which was
a spring ol cold water. Tae hunters killed two hue cows
near the camp. A baiul of. elk broke out of a neighboring
grove; antelopes were, running over the hills; and on the
opposite 11ver plai ns, herds of buffalo w.ere raising clouds of
dust. The country here appeared more vaiiously stocked
with game than any part ol the Rocky Mountains we had
veiled; and its abundance is owing to the excellent pas-
turage, and its dangerou-s character as a war ground.
"June 13.—Thrfic was snow here near our mountain
camp, and the morning was beautiful and cool. Leaving
St. Viam's iork,we took our way directly towards the sum-
mit ot the dividing .ridge. The bottoms of the stteams and
level places were wooded with a-potis ; and a& we ncaied
the summit, we entered again the piney region. We had a
delightful morning's ride, the ground affording us an excel-
lent'bridle path, and readied tue bumuut towards midday,
at an elevation of 8,000 feet. With joy and exultation we
saw ourselves once more 011 the top of the Rocky IVIoun-
ttios, and beheld a little stream hiking its couisc towards
the rising sun. It was an affluent of the Platte, called Pul~
linn's fork, and we descended to noon upon it. It is a pretty
stream, twenty yards broad, and bsai sthe name of a trap-
per who, some years since, was lulled here by the G-yos
Ventre Indiana.
u Issuing from the pines in the afternoon, we saw spread
out before us the valley of the PJatte, with tne pass of the
Medicine Butte beyond, and t-ouje of the Sweet Water
mountains; but a smoky haziness m the air entirely ob-
scured the Wind River chain,
u We were now about two degrees south of the South
Pass, aud our course home would have been cast ward ly;
but that would have taken us over ground already e.\ammed,
and therefore without the inteiest which would excite cu-
riosity. Southwardly there were objects worthy to be ex-
plored, to wit: the approximation of the headwaters of three
different rivers—the Platte, the Arkansas, and the Grand
River fo;k ol the Rio Colorado of the Gulf of California; the
Passes at the heads of the^e rivers; and the throe remark-
able mountain coves, called Parks, in which they took their
rise,. One of these Parks was, of course, on the western
side of the dividing ridge; and a visit to it would require us.
once more to cioss the summit of the Rocky Mountains to
the west, and then to re-cross to the east; making, m all,
with the transit we had iust accomplished, three crossings of
that mountain in th«s bectiou of its course. But, no matter.
The coves, the heads of the rivers, the appioximation of
their waters, the practicability of the mountain passes, and
the locality of the three Parks, were all objects of in-
terest, and, although well known to hunters and tiappeis,
were unknown to science and to history. We therefore
changed our course, and turned up the valley of the Platte
instead of comg down it.
" Wc crossed seveial small affluents, and again made a
fortified camp m a grove. The country had now become
very beautiful—rich m water, grass, and game; and to these
were added the charm of scenery and pleasant weather.
" June 14.—Our route this morning lay along the foot of the
mountain, over the long low spurs which sloped giadually
down to the river, foimmgthe broad valley of the Platte. The
country is beautifully wateied. In almost every hollow ran
a clear, cool mountain stream; and in the course of the
morning we crossed seventeen, several of them being large
creeks, forty to fifty feet wide, wi(to a swift current, and tol-
' er^hly deep. Those were variously wooded with groves of
aspen and cotton-wood, with willow, cherry, and other
shrubby trees. Buffalo, antelope, and elk, were frequent
during the day; and, in then abundance, the latter sometimes
reminded us slightly of the Sacramento valley.
" We halted at noon on Potter's fork—a clear and swift
, stream? forty yards wi$e, and in many, places deep enough
to swim our animals; and in the evening encamped on a
pretty stream, where there were several' beaver dams, and
many trees recently cut.down by the beaver* We gave to
this the name of Beaver Dam creek, as now they are be-
coming sufficiently rare to distinguish by their name the
streams on which they are found. In this mountain they
occurred more abundantly than elsewhere in all ourjourneyj
ii\ which their vestiges had been scarcely seen-.
" The next day we continued, qur journey up the valley,
the country presenting much the same appearance, except
that the grass wa< more scanty on the ridges, over which
was spread a scrubby growth of sage; but sttii the bottoms
of the creeks w.ere bro^d, and afforded good pasture, grounds.
We had an animated chase aftei agnzzlybeai this morning,
which we tried to lasso. Fucntes threw the lasso upon his
neck, but it slipped off, and he escaped into the dense thick-
ets of the creek, into \vhich we di<| not like to venture. Our
course in the afternoon brought us to the main Platte river,
her? a handsome stream, with a umfqnn breadth of sev-
enty yards, except where widened hy frequent islands. It
was apparently deep, with a moderate current, and wooded
with groves of large willow.
11 The valley nan owed as wa ascended, and presently de-
generated into a gorge, through which the riVcr passed as
through agate. We entered it, and found ourselves in the
Now Park—a beautiful circular valley of thirty miles diame-
ter, waited in all round with snowy mountains, nch with
water and with grass, fringed with pine on the mountain
sides belmv the snow line, and a paradise to all grazing ani-
mals. The Indian name for it -signifies 11 cow lodge," of
which our own may be considered a translation; the enclo-
sure, the grass, the water, and the herds of buffalo loanung
over it, naturally presenting the idea of a paik. We halted
for the night just within the gate, and expected, as umiaI, to
see herds of buffalo^ but an Arapahoe village had been be-
fore us, and not one was to be seen. Latitude of the encamp-
ment 40° 5y 44". Elevation by the boiling point 7,720 feet.
" It is from this elevated cove, and from the gorges of the
surrounding mountains, and s-ome lakes within their bosoms,
th^it the Great Platte river collects its first waters, and as-
sumes its first form; and certtu-nly noriyer could a$k a mpre
beautiful origin^"
This must do for a sample, and is sufficient to
explode the erroneous idea of frozen sterility which
the lack of information has permitted to be attribu-
ted to these magnificent mountains.
Not to speak of others, the Great Salt Lake is
another of these wonders of nature, in this scction
of the Rocky Mountains, now to be completely
brought to light. Its eastern shore wns examined
by Colonel Fremont in his second expedition: the
western has been explored by him in the present
one; and while I have some notes of his own in
relation to it, I choose rather, on this occasion, to
read a passage from a private letter from one of
his party, that the Senate may see how these
things appear to the common observer, who could
have no theories or systems to support, as well as
to the scientific .explorer. It is a letter from Mr.
Henry King, of Georgetown, in this District, to
his father and mother, and is dated March 30th,
1846, on the Rio Sacramento in the Upper Cali-
fornia:
" At the Great Salt Lake, the captain, with five hunters
and myself, started on an exploring expedition, taking o«r
(gum cloth) cylinder boat along. The lake is prohablvone
hundred and fiftv miles long and fifty broad, with several
laijre islands in it. We forded over a portion of the lake
from the information gathered from an Indian, riding about
two miles on a solid salt crust, with from three to five
(inches) of water on top. The salt crust was the br&t mu-
tation of ice that I ever saw. We had to ride through the
hrino about two miles to the islands, and to our gieat sur-
prise we found a large herd ol antelope*: how they got there
is a mvMery. We also found two springs of fresh water on
one side of the island. The next dav, having riesed our
boat, we embarked on the deep, with the intention of sail-
ing about ten miles to a large island; but it becran to blow a
gale ; our boat was unmanageable, and we returned to the
island we had left. We were three days upon thh inland,
taking the height of the mountains, and the beaunjrs to the
various Hamh, and to the udge of mountains on the other
side of the lake."
Such are some of the wonders of this vast solu-
tion of salt, resting in some places on solid forma-
tions of salt, which this young man speaks of, not
with the language of science, but in the accents of
truth, and which must excite our desire not only
to see the full description of the qualities of the
lake, but also to view its form, and to contemplate
the region which incloses it. One of the maps
which I propose to have compiled will include this
lake, and with the results of the present expedi-
tion, added to those of the former, will complete
the revelation of its existence and character.
The second of the maps proposed to be compiled
is one which is intended to include the whole cen-
tral western slope of our continent, from the sum-
mit of the Rocky Mountains to the shore of the
Pacific, and between the grandly-marked natural,
as well as national boundaries of the Straits of!
Fuca on one hand, and the Gulf of California 0x1 j
the other: it is a map of Oregon and California, 1
embracing seventeen degrees of latitude, and cov?*
ering about, all that ip worth having in thaX part of
our Ameripa. Geography is still,iji its infancy in
that vast region, under the jealous dominion of
Spain and Mexico, the greater par,t of it was a.
sealed book. Even, the labors of the Jesuit Far-
thers, founders of the missions.in the JUta Califor-
nia, have been buried in the depots.ofgeographioal
collections in the city of Mexj^p. Colonel Fre-
mont, at the hazard of.life and character, and facing,
death in every form in which it could be met, has
openedisome leaves of this book, and revealed a re-
gion of violent contrasts—more Asiatic than Amerir
can in its character—sweet and lovely valleys,
mixed with snovyy mountains and arid pl^ingr—
the Persia of. America*—and well, adapted to the;
production of the two noblest specimens of; the ani-
mal creation: the man, and the horse. The Gbbat
Basin—a basin of four thousand feet elevation,
wailed in by snow-topped mountains, and large
enough to hold the kingdom of France, and the
most striking feature of the Alta California: this
great wonder of nature is his own peculiar discov-
ery, and the subject of his closest observation.
Passing lound its rim, sometimes on the inner,
sometimes on the outer side, in a ciicumambula-
tion of three thousand miles in his second expedi-
tion, he has now crossed it through the centre, and
; laid open its inmost recesses- A division of his
men, at the same time, traversed it in another di-
rection, and upon a longer line; and a view of what,
they suffered will show at what cost, in point of:
suffering alone,, these discoveries-h^ve been prose-
cuted, and what kind of stuff the men were formed-
of who, afterwards, defied and conquered Califor-
nia. The same letter from Mr. Henry King thus
speaks of their sufferings between the Great Salt
Lake and the base of the Sierra N-cvada, and along
the base of that mountain in their seventy days'
struggle to conquer deserts, snows, and moun-
tains:
" On our route from the Great Salt Lake to Tiout Lake,
(at the foot of Stetra Nevada,) we weie 011 frhoit allowance,
even for meat, our only sub>i.-t«>nce; and when we readied
the Trout Lake we had only two ?mall cattle left, and vciy
poor and weak, to last a party of thirty men to the closing
point in the mountains. We soon u^ed up our cattle, and
had to resort to our old horses and mules, winch were veiy
poor and weak, so much so that all except our me-s (and
two out of ours) were afoot for twenty da>s before we came
to game; and after resting twenty days in tire mountains,
(Sietra Nevada,) were again twenty-eight days afoot,- ire-
quently without anything tf> eat, and often without water,
YViuJfct we hiid by in the mountains we were once four days
without eatipg anything, and at another tinje three day?.
My hipbones became so sharp that I could not &leep for
several nights. We ate on the tup some twenty-five hordes
and mules, many of them with miserable soie backs, and
scarcely able to get along withont anything on them- We
had a great treat on Christinas day. Having then been two
days without anything, we killed a mule, and had one
hearty meal, and lean tell you there was rejoicing that
night."
These are a specimen of the sufferings of the
men who afterwards conquered California—a spe-
cimen only; for they had plenty more of the same,
mixed up with the ingredient of savage warfare.
But they did not complain, nor mutiny against
their leader, nor ask to turn back; but, gay, daring,
and obedient, they went wherever his spirit led;
and after conquering nature, felt it to be a recrea-
tion, on the shores of the Pacific, to conquer the
Mexicans of California. The letter was dated in
March, on the borders of Oregon: the episode of
the Californian conquest was not enacted until
June: but the writer would seem to have had some
suspicion of what was to happen when, m the last,
sentence of his letter, he says: " I think it very
' likely that we will return yet, and go down
'through California, peaceably if we can, forcibly-
(if we must." Three months afterwards they were
in the City of the Angels, and the governors of
California were in the road to Mexico.*
This map of Oregon and Californiais not to be
limited to the materials collected by Colonel Fre-
mont, but is to contain everything authentic on the
subject, so as to present the most complete view
of that great region which has yet been laid before
the public. Intended to he accurate in every par-
ticular, it will be scrupulously so in the orthogra-
phy of aboriginal or Indian names of places. In-
dians, and all people in their primitive or early
state, give significant names—names descriptive of
* The whole letter deserves to be read, and is here added'
ui ai> appendix.
