T2S
APPENDIX TO Tffi -CONGRESSIONAL GliOBE.
[Jan. 19,
29th Cons.,...2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr.-Charles J. htgersoU.
Ho. of Reps.
4me 'may .f>robabty bb -supposed to approach too
ne?ir,.if not to include the Mexican-sfiirlemdnt ot Monterey.
'If the objection should be urged, you can obviate it by ex-
plaining that we have 110 desire to ihterierewnh the actual
settlements of Mexico on that coast, and you may agree to
any provision eflfcfeftng the great object of securing the bay
•of St. Francisco and excluding -Monterey in its immediate
•neighborhood.
" As it is not deemed essential to obtain the Rio Bravo
del Norte for our -western boundary, if any objection should
bo made to it, you may next-propose the western hue speci-
fied jn.your original instructions,'but stoppingat the thirty-
seventh -parallel, or at any other line that would include the
bay of St. Prano.isco, and proceeding along such line to the
•Pacific, If the Rio Bravo del Norie should be agreed upon
the western hue, you may stipulate for the free naviga-
-titm of that river to both parties.
" Xf, however, you cannot obtain a southern line which
will.include within our limits the whole bay of St. Fran-
cisco, you will proceed, under your original instructions,
and bnng the negotiation to a close, as directed in the letter
from the'departinent ot the 2d July', lc33, No. 94. #
<e I have the honor to be, sn, your obedient servant,
"JOHN FORSYTH.
Anthony Butler, Esq.,
k-' Charg6 d'JljJ'airet* of the United States, Mexico
Much, likewise, having been said of our origi-
nal right to the Bravo boundary, let me close this
-correspondence, of which much more in like strain
tnight be added, by a letter from our Minister in
Mexico, showing what was thought and said, and
perfectly under&tood 4ker&t from-firstto last, on that
point.
Mr.Poinsetrto Mr.'Clay,—Extract.
"liEOATION OF THE UNITED ST\T!:R,
"Mevico, SfijiteiYiber 20, 1&^5.
" Sra: I h'td an interview this morning with the Secietaiy
of Stitc, at his request, on the subject of the boundary lino
IvtwePh the two republics. He Imjjim by baying that he
wished to ascertain the ancient boundaries between the
United States and the Spanish possession*, as d< lined by
the treutyof 17y5, anil nsked it<e to ti.iee thMn for him in
Mellish'b map. 'I did &o, but olnui v.'d at the fciune time, thut
that tteaty was concluded before the cession of Loui>Kiiia.
I then Inquuttd hW object in wi-hmgto uncertain the former
boundaries. Ho replied, that he thought it would be :idu
Hable in the treaty we were aliout concluding, to ;-p.'eify the
ancient boundary tinul the new line wa> agreed upon. I
replied^ he mu-<t be aware thixt^prerious-to the fa'caty ttiih Spain
concluded at Washington in 1819, the United Stales of America
claimed to the Rio Bravo del Norte, and Spam to the Musis-
bippi, and that treaty wuf* a compromise of various disputed
claims made by the contracting paities; that it was binding
on the Urtited Mevican States, having been concluded belore
their emahCipatioh-froin Spam, and had since been acknowl-
edged by their accredited figettt in the United States 01
America. There had befen ample time to have carried that
treatv into full ofRtet, but that the Oovcrnment'of the United
States had been withheld from doing s«o only by motives oi
dohe.icy towards Moueo. Taut the same motives had in-
duced me to piopose an entue new treaty, which should
not allude (o the one formerly concluded wuh Spam, but
that in ho doing, I did not intend to yield one -secure inch of
land which wa« included within the limits of tlx; Hmtd
States according to the boundan linear, that tune asieed
upon. That in * ny opinion a more advantageous hound.uy
might be diawn between the two eountnes, but that .shell a
line was not to be sought for east of the Sabine, or noith o!
the Tied river or Mie'Aikansas and that finally no aiiicle
such a-> he proposed cnufd !>  inserted in the tieatv without
my icnewing in it the. elaun of the United States to the
country north and oast of (lie Kio fhavo del Norte. On my
return home, I sent him a copy of the note fioin the Moi-
c«\n char«6 d'affaires to the Secretary of State at Washing-
ton, together with the trent\ between tin- United States and
Spam, concluded at Washington, in 1SI9.J;
By the first Minister this country sent to that,
after cherishing and fostering Mexican independ-
ence and prosperity, her Government was distinct- j
ly told that every square inch of ground to the I
-Bravo hud long been our possession. And did i
Mexico then deny it? No such denial appears in [
any official or authentic instrument, correspond- j
ence, or form. Both nations well knew that Loui- j
siana, as we purchased it from France, extended j
to the Bravo. President Adams and Secretary
Clay asserted it by their Minister, Mr, Poinsett;
nor was rt till Europe interfered, that Ions; after
1&25, (that is, in 1835,) Mexico, after being defeated
in an unprincipled attempt to conquer Texas, set
tip the wholly unfounded pretension that that prov-
ince was always Mexican.
Yes, sir, the assertion was just, that Texas was
a bloodless acquisition. It would and should have
been by right. But sreat meddling powers from
across the Atlantic encouraged Mexico to resist
by arms the peaccable transition from national
sovereignty to State union. Mexico reckoned
without hefr host when she counted on English, j
and, perhaps, French intervention. President Polk j
manfully and successfully resisted that combina- j
tion, and it was abandoned: Not only so, but it '
never will beSgam attempted. Mexico reckoned
without her host when she counted on impunity
from Executive inability to make war, however
threatened; and Mexico reckoned without her host,
when Almonte told her, as it is said he did, that a
party in the United States would clog, probably
stop, the wheels of Government, and discomfit, if
it could not prevent war. Mexico invaded Texas,
murdered'Cross and Porter, captured Thornton's
detachment, menaced Taylor, made, as she de-
clared, war. The imposthume festering so long
on the side of the American body politic was broke,
an embarrassing predicament was removed, and an
act of Congress put it in the President's power to
bring Mexico to her senses.
This documentary history, not probably famil-
iar to many, proves unquestionably that Mr.
Polk's Administration has attempted no more by
war and conquest forced on it than Mr. Adams's,
General Jackson's, Mr. Van Buren's, and Mr,
Tyler's Administrations steadily and wisely pur-
sued, viz. the acquisition of more territory on the
Gulf of Mexico and the Pacific, together with
corresponding boundaries with Mexico. It has
been the avowed and wise policy of our Gsvem-
ment ever since Mexican sovereignty. It is the
destiny of this cotfritr'j?; essential to its pcace and
prosperity, and preferable for Mexico herself.
For what foothold, authority, or resources, had
Mexico ever in Texas or Upper California ? None,
rir hardly any whatever. A few scattered, indo-
lent, insubordinate vagabonds in California, under
the merely nominal power of Mexico, and no
Mexican population at all in Texas, or authority
there. It will be a great advantage to both those
countries, and no disadvantage to Mexico, when
peopled by our freemen arid governed by our laws.
The new boundary line will be a natural and ad-
mirable terminus to our southwestern possessions;
on the Gulf of Mexico indispensable to the whole
valley of the Mississippi, and on the Pacific, lm-
portani to New England, New York, and all the
navigating interests: much more important to the
island of Nantucket and the port of Salem, in Mas-
sachusetts, than to any State or seaport south of
the "Hudson. It will be a great addition to our
territories indeed, but like Louisiana, at least as
valuable to the eastern as to the southern portion
of these. United States, and beneficial to all man-
kind, to whose, commcrcc it will be thrown open.
Having thus explained what unquestionably
appears to have been always Ihe policy of our
Government, jet me now indicate what I think
should have been the Executive course of proceed-
ing: when Mexico rejected our overtures and min-
isters of peace, prepared and declared hostilities;
and no doubt reckoning on European help, as Well
as aid which General Almonte is said to have
promised fiom party opposition here, marched
armies to the frontier to drive ours from Texas.
There is always a peace party in the event of any
war by this country. There, mtiat be. It is m
the nature of our institutions and people. A party
in opposition to the party in power, is the police
of ftvmy free State; and unless degenerating into
faction, is a salutary and necessary check on the
administration of Government. Our flagrant mis-
understanding with England as to Oregon, con-
tinual fluctuations of parties, impoiency of the
Executive to make war and aversion of our people
to its pecuniary burdens, all conspired to stimu-
late Mexico to resistance by arms. Some of the
most respectable of our countrymen pronounccd
annexation of Texas ipso fucto war with Mexico.
At the same time Texas was annexed; the union
was consummated; that Mexican province became
an American State, and called on the President for
protection by force from Mexican invasion.
Havingin the report of the Committee of Foreign
Affairs of last session, now I trust to be dissemina-
ted, submitted views of the much-contested ques-
tion whether the President or Mexico began hostili-
ties; whether they were begun on Amencau, or
Mexican, or disputed ground,—I shall not now re-
peat that argument, but icspectfully refer to the re-
port of last session. I mean now to take higher
ground; and with great deference submit a constitu-
tional position, which requires no more for its es-
tablishment than that the territory between the Nue-
ces and the Bravo was at least disputed ground; that
we claimed it; and that the President, in ordering
General Taylor to the neighborhood of Matamo-
ros, knew that, if not our indisputable territory,
at any rate, our negotiations for many years—ever I
since the purchase of Louisiana—and our recent I
legislation, considered it as ours. That fact cannot
be denied. Granting, for argument's sake, that
Mexico clainied it too, and considered it hers, I
contend that it was the President's constitutional
right and duty to prevent Mexico from expelling
Texas from the territory in dispute. Having ex-
amined the subject when Taylor was first ordered
there, "I took the liberty of advising Mr. Polk that
his right and policy were, not to await Mexican
forces on this side of the Bravo, but to order our
commander to cross that river, meet, and crush the
invaders on their own soil. When they passed the
Rubicon, we should have crossed the Bravo. The
second clause of the tenth Section of the first arti-
cle of the Constitution of the United States pro-
vides, that no State <c shall engage in war, unless
actually invaded, or in suck imminent danger as will
not admit of delay." That Was precisely the me-
dicament of the State of Texas. And her constitu-
ted authorities, instead of engaging in war single-
handed, called on the President for protection.
General Arista, with some two thousand troops,
wasatMatamoros. General Ampudia, with some
two thousand more, was on his way thither,
avowedly to join Arista, and together commit
hostilities. War was declared at the Mexican
capital. I think it cannot be denied that the State
of Texas, by the Constitution of the United States,
was authorized to " etigage in war" with Mexico—
a war of self-defence. If so, was not the Presi-
dent, called on by that State for protection against
Mexican invasion, authorized, as Texas certainly
was, to repel the invader? The two acts of'Con-
gress on this subject, of May 2, 1792, and made
perpetual by that of February 28, 3795, are ex-
plicit, " that whenever the United States shall be
( in imminent danger of invasion from any foreign
4 nation, it shall he lawful for the President of the
• United States to call forth such number of the
4 militia as he may judge necessary to repel such
i invasion." The distinction is broadly drawn by
the Constitution, and these laws which carry it
out, between actual and imminent danger of inva-
sion. The Executive is as much authorized to act
in the case of danger as in that of actuality; and
the State power to "engage in war"is, in like man-
ner, marked by this distinction. The President's
is an extreme power, no doubt, to be most carefully
exercised. President Polk is a prudent man, and
was alive to the dread responsibility of his situa-
tion. It was much easier for me to advise than
for him to do what I advised over the Bravo. But
I submit, far in advance of the question of bound-
ary with which it has been attempted to bind him,
that, in the exercise of a sound and fair discretion,
looking to all the circumstances, he would have
been justified in ordeiing General Taylor to cross
the boundary, whether acknowledged or disputed,
anticipate the threatened attack, carry the war into
the enemy's country, and, by prevention, put a
stop to it. He thought otherwise, and I do not
presume to censure htm. Still I believe, that if
General Taylor, with his some three thousand
troops, had been ordered to attack General Arista,
with some two thousand, at Matamoros, and had
demolished him before General Ampudia joined
with two thousand mote, who, in the event of
Arista's overthrow, might then have been crushed
too, by this anticipation of the imminent danger, it
would all have vanished, and there would probably
have been no more trouble with Mexico. Will it
be contended, as I ventured to illustrate my argu-
ment to the President, that if Mexico had a naval
squadron equal to ours there, and it was seen sail-
ing down to attack ours, colors flying, guns loaded,
and all cleared for action, that ours must lie at an-
chor till assailed, and not, till some hundreds of our
people had been slaughtered, return the blow ? It
cannot be that such an absurdity is law. The mili-
tary principle, that a commander, having leason to
apprehend that he is about to be attacked, is safest
by anticipating the assault and becoming the assail-
ant, is true even in the controversy of debate. It
is universal wisdom, and as such ingrafted on our
Constitution and laws.
President Polk had great precedents, as I will
show from transactions of Washington and Jack-
son, strongly analogous to his difficulty with Mex-
ico, and as I conceive justifying his assuming the
offensive from the moment that President Paredes,
from the capital of Mexico, in April, declared war
and openly sent troops to the Bravo to wage it by
