1847.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Charles J. Ingersoll.
New Series No. 9-.,
the reconquest of Texas. It will be remembered
that after the peace of American independence, in
1783, the British, contrary to treaty, held several
frontier positions, from which they stimulated the
Indians to hostilities against the United States.
"Washington's Administration was harassed and
perplexed by theseanglo-Indian hostilities. Army
after army, year following year, was sent out
tinder Generals Harmer and St. Clair, to subdue
the Indians, but always defeated. At length, in
1794, General Wayne was despatched (and Presi-
dent Harrison served with him) to make, as he
did, a great and successful effort, On the 28th of
August, 1794, he attacked and routed the allied
Indians and English, under the very guns of an
English fort, now in the Congressional district of an
honorable member from Ohio. Wayne ravaged
the residence and possessions of Colonel McKee,
the British Indian agent; and in disputed territory,
actually occupied by British troops. This House
shall hear what President Washington sanctioned.
[Read from the official report of General Wayne.]
Be it remembered that the army of the United
Suites was then but twelve hundred men, that the
people of the whole United States numbered but
four millions, and that Washington's Administra-
tion had the mighty empire of Great Britain to
deal with, under circumstances strongly analogous
to those of President Polk, when he ordered Gen-
eral Taylor into at least disputed territory—territo-
ry claimed, if not owned, by us. Gentlemen will
find a smack of revolutionary manhood in Wayne's
proceedings on that occasion, which effectually
broke down anglo-Indian power for a time at least.
Extract from General Wayne's official letter
to General Knox, Secretary of War, dated Head
Quarters, Grand Glaise, August 28, 1794:
" From every account the enemy amounted to two thou-
sand combatants, the troops actually engaged against thein
were short of nine hundred. This horn of savages, with
iheir allies, abandoned the.ms-elves to rfight, and dispersed
with terror and dismay, leaving our vielouous army in full
and quiet possesion of the field of battle, which terminated
under the influence of the guns of the British gammon, as
you will observe by the enclosed eon espondenee between
Major Campbell, the commandant, and myself upon the
occasion."
Correspondence between Major General Wayne and Major
William Campbell.
No. I.
" Ml a.mis River, Jlu%u$t 21,1794.
" Sir: An army of the United State* of America. «aid to be
under your command, having taken ponton the banks of the
Miamis, for upwards of the last twenty-four hours, almost
within reach of the guns of this foit, being a post belonging
to his Majesty the King of Great Britain, occupied by his
majesty's tioop^, and which I have the honor to command, it
becomes my duty to intorm myself, as speedily as possible,
in what light I am to view your making such near approach-
es to this gairison.
" I have no hesitation on my part to say, that I know of
•no war existing between Gieat Britain and America.
" I have the honor fo he, sir, with great i espect, your most
obedient and very humble servant,
" WILLIAM CAMPBELL,
" Major SiAth Reg., commanding a British Post,
on the banks of the M/cimis.
To Major General Wayne, #c., «yc."
No. II.
" Camp on the bank of the Miamis,
August 21,1794.
" Sir : i have received your letter of this date, requiring
from me the motives which have moved the army under my
command, to the position they at present occupy, far within
ttie acknowledged jurisdiction of the United States of
America.
« Without questioning the authority, or the propriety, sir,
of your mterrogafoiy, I think I may,"without breach of de-
corum, observe to you, that were you entitled to an answer,
the rao-t satisfactory one was aunounced to you from the
muzzles of my small arms yesterday morning, in an action
against the horde of savages, in the vieinilv of your posts, ;
which terminated gloriously to the American arms ; hut, j
had it continued until the fndians, &c., were drove under ,
the influence of the post and guns you mention, they would I
not have much impeded the progress of the victorious army, j
under my command, as no such post was established at the j
commencement ofthe present war between the Indians and ]
the United States. i
" I have the honor to be, sir, with great respect, your most :
obedient, and very humble servant, j
" (Signed,) ANTHONY WAYNE,
" Major General and Commander-in-chief |
0/ the Federal army. \
"To Major William Campbell, 4c.,-Vc." * j
No III.
<{ Fort Miamis, August 2-2, 1794.
" Sir : Although your letter of yesterday's date tulty au-
thouze3 me to any act of hostility against the army of the
United States of Ameiica, in thL> neighborhood, under your
command, yet, still anxious to prevent that dreadful de-
cision, which perhaps is not intended to be appealed to by
eithei of our countries, I have foibome for those two days 1
9
past to resent those insults you have offered to the British
flag flying at this fort, by approaching it within pistol shot
of my work.4, not only singly, but in numbers with arms m
their hands.
"Neither is it my wish to wage war with individuals; but
should you after this continue to approach my po>t, in the
threatening manner you are at this momentdoing, my indis-
pensable duty to my king and country, and the honor of my
profession, will oblige me to .have recourse to those measures,
which thousands of either nation may hereafter have cause
to regret; and which i solemnly appeal to God, i have
used my endeavors to at rest.
<kI have the honor to he, sir, with much respect, your
most obedient and very humble servant,
«(Signed^ WILLIAM CAMPBELL,
" Major 91 th Regiment, commanding at Fort Miamis.
li To Major General Waynb, £c., 4'c., y*c."
fNo other notice was taken of this letter than is expres^
ed in the following letter. The fort and woiks were, how-
ever, reconnoitred m every ducction, at some points possi-
bly within pistol shot. It was found to be a regular stiong
work, the front covered by a wide river, with four guns
mounted m that face. The rear, which was ihe most Sus-
ceptible of approach, had two regular ba«tions,fumished with
eight pieces of artillery, the whole sutrounded with a wide
steep ditch, with honzontal pickets piojectingfrom The berm
of the parapet ov -r the ditch; from the bottom of the ditch
to the top nt the paiap-t the works weie aKo ^mounded by
an abattis, and fuini*hed with a strong gamson.]
No. IV.
"Sir: In your letter of the 21st instant, 3ou declare, <1
'have no hesitation on my pari to say, that I know ol no
< war existing between Great Britain and Amenta.'
"I, on my pait, declare the same; and the only cause I
have to entertain a contrary idea at present, is, the ho«ule
act you are now m commUsiori of, that is, recently taking
post far within the well-known and acknowledged limits of
the United States, and erecting a fortification in the heart of
the settlements of the Indian tribes now at war with the
United States. This, sir, appears to be an act of the high-
est aggression, and destructive to the peace and interest of
the Union. Hence, it bccomes my duty to desire, and I do
hereby desire and demand, in the name of the President of
the United States, that you immediately desist from any
further act of hostility or aggression, by foibearing to fbrtifv,
and by withdrawing the hoops, aitilhsry, and stores, under
your orders and dnection forthwith, and removing to the 1 j
nearest post occupied by his Bnfanmc Majesty's troops at ji
the peaec of 1783; and which you will be permitted to do so |;
unmolested by the troops under my command. H
"I am, with very great respect, sir, your most obedient j|
and very humble servaul, I ]
"(Signed) ANTHONY WAYNE.
"To Major William Campbell, 4"c., 4c."
No. V.
" Fort Mi oti9, Jlugust 22,1794. j
" Sir: I have this moment the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of your lettei of this date. In answer to which, I ;
have only to say, that being placed heie in command of a I
British poet, and acting in a military capacity onlv, I cannot J
enter into any discussion, either on the right, or impropuely !
of my occupying my present position. Those are matters '
that I conceive will be best left to the ambassadors of our I
different nations. j
" Having said this much, permit rne to inform you, that 1
certainly will not abandon tins post at the summons of any !j
power whatever, until I receive orders to that purpose from j
those I have the honor to serve under, or the fortune of war j j
should oblige me. I must still adhere, sir, to the purport of j
my loiter tins morning, to desire that your army, or individ- I
uals belonging to it, will not approach within reach of my i'
cannon, without expecting the consequences attending it. j ■
" Although I have said in the former part of mv letter that |;
my s-ituation here is totally military, yet let me add, sir, that j.
I am much deceived if his Majesty the King of Great Bnt- j
ain had not a post on tin* liver, at and piioi to the peiiod |
you mention.
"I have the honor to be, sir, with the greatest respect, jj
your most obedient and very humble servant. !!
"WILLIAM CAMPBELL, ji
iCMajor 9,4th resiment, commanding at Fort Miami?. j j
" To Major General Wayne, 4"cm 4'c.. 4'c-"
[The only notice taken of thn letter, was by immediately >:
setting fire'to and destroying everything within view of Hi**
fort, and even rnidei the muzzles of the gun«. Had Mr. ,
Campbell eariied his threats into execution," it is moie than '
probable he would have experienced a storm.] j
This method, sanctioned by Washington, in the l!
weak infancy of this republic to deal with enemies, •
is not the only precedent or analogy to be referred to. |'
It is a sign of very great improvement in those once
bitterly opposed to Jackson, and to Madison, to h
applaud them, as many do of late, to acknowledge !j
their great merits. Can any one doubt what Jack- ;i
son would have done, if he had commanded our 1:
army at Corpus Christi when ordered to advance 1
towards Matamoros—what he would have done,,
as a commander, or ordered a commander to do if j
President ? Is it not clear that he would not have '1
waited for the junction of Arista and Ampudia
crossing the Bravo to attack him, but would have
himselfled his army over that liver to attack them j!
before their junction ? What he did at New Or- ;
leans on his memorable attack of the 23d of Deccm-
ber, anticipating and frustrating English attack a,;
thousand times more brilliant, more prudent, and |
more military, than his great victory of the 8th of r
January, which was but the result, the mere off-
spring of the first battle—tells what Jackson would
have done if General, and ordered if President. In
the year 1817, General Jaekson^pursued Indians-
into Florida, where he executed British intruders^
and captured Fort Barrancas and Bensacola,.
Spanish territory. President Monroe occupied
militarily Galveston and Amelia Island, and I feel
satisfied that if Jackson had been Chief Magis-
trate when Mexico marched armies into, and
declared war to invade Texas, that State would
have been defended by military measures, far b£-"
yond those for which President Polk is censured
as the author of war; and I believe that such mea-
sures would have had pacific influence. England
and France have never stopped to parley with Mex-
ican pillage, but at once punished it, and always
effectually. Now while aware ofthe difference be-
tween the war declaring power, as an executive or
legislative faculty, I deny that our Government is
so constructed as to be less capable of instantaneous
and complete repulsion of invasion than any other.
If the fact be that Mexican invasion of Texas was
imminent—and who can doubt it?—I submit that
the Executive authority, without act of Congress,
declaring war, adequate to the emergency. I do
not deny the awfulness of the responsibility, or
reproach prudence for avoiding it. On the con-
trary I agree to Mr. Winthrop's doctrine, that
the Chief Magistrate, the commander-in-chief,
like any of his inferior officers, general of the.
army or commander of a ship of war, risks all
when he makes battle. If he fails, he may be
tried and condemned for it: it is the fortune of
war. Still he has the right to try, if he choses to
assume the responsibility.
War itself, thus extensively considered, leaves
little space or time for views of the method in which
our Mexican war has been waged and the effects
of its conquests. No doubt mere conquest gives no
permanent right or title, without either legal sanc-
tion or length of possession. To conquer land is
analagous to settling on it. Neither the conqueror
or settler becomes proprietor, without further pro-
ceedingsand sanctions. I disclaim the idea that any
part of conquered Mexico is now ours by mere con-
quest. Civil government, Congress by legislation
or the Senate by treaty, must act civilly before the
belligerant operation becomes valid.
That point is of no great difficulty. Whether
the transactions of General Kearny jqNew Mexi-
co, and Commodore Stockton in California, .con-
form to law, is more of a question. Uponthewhole,
however, I deem those gallant Jersey Blues within
the pale of law in their civil government. Gentle-
men, particularly Mf. Hjlliard, quote Yattel to
condemn the changes introduced. But I deny Yat-
tel's authority—a modern and convenient text-
book, hut not accepted as law. Much greater au-
thority is Grotius, whom (as Mr. Hjlliard says)
Gustavus Adolphus took with him on campaigns,
fortified as all his positions are by historical and
other citations, more reliable than Yattel's specu-
lations. Conquest is a change of sovereignty.
The whole matter is an affair of sovereignty. The
conqueror imposes a new sovereignty on the con-
quered, and it is optional with the conqueror to
determine what law shall be established. He may
even change the religion, Grotius says, which is
the extreme of conquering imposition. Grotius,
book 3, chapter 15, treats this subject fully. No
doubt what is called the modern law of nations,
its tendencies, is to mitigate, not aggravate, the
condition of the vanquished; and therefore^ as
Yattel argues, their liberties, privileges, and im-
munities, are commonly left to them. But it is op-
tional with the conqueror whether so to leave them,
and to what extent. The conqueror makes the
law, which the conquered made till conquered.
That is the common sense of the whole doctrine.
The law of political rights, as well as-of personal
or territorial property, is just the same. When
Mr. Hjlliard asserts that the Castine case, as
determined by the Supreme Court of the United
States, involved a question of mere property, 1
think he is mistaken. Castine was captured, oc-
cupied, and all its laws administered by the enemy.
Still the Congressional representative of that dis-
trict, the present Lieutenant Governor of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. John Read, maintained liiS seat in
Congress, probably because the whole of his dis-
trict was not in hostile possesion. The authors
