APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 2
39th Oon*s.....2d Sess.
Bounty Lands—Mexican War—Mr, Poliock.
Ho. of Reps.
But it is contended, that although the right of
-ctwffqeM is not an incident of constitutional sover-
eignty, yet i-t is incident to, and arises from, an
express grant of power in the Constitution the
waV'ttutking penv&r; or, in other words, it is a power
implied from the express grant of power to declare
war. This opinion is sustained by high authority;
and whilst I am disposed to yield to the authority,
I must, at the same time, respectfully dissent from .
some of the conclusions of the distinguished jurist,
to whose opinion reference has so frequently been j
made. I
The Constitution of the United States was or- ,
darned and established for certain, well-defined, ;
and declared pbjects. These objects are fully set j
forth, not only in the preamble, but m other por- j
tions of that instrument. Not only are the objects j
declared, but the -powers necessary to secure these (
objects, are clearly set forth and defined. I hold j
this proposition to be true, that every power grant- 1
ed in the Constitution, was granted with express
reference to the accomplishment of these declared
object® and purposes, and no other.1 If this is so
and I presume but few will controvert it—if the
powers granted were intended to be exercised only
for the purposes for which the Constitution was
ordained and established; it becomes important to
inquire: what are these objects ? and what the cx- J
tent of power provided for their security ? • 1
111 the preamble to the Constitution, we find one j
of these objects to be " to provide fur the common
defence." And again: in the eighth section, in ;
which the powers of Congress are enumerated, j
the power is given to Congress " to provide for
the common defence"—the same language that is
used in the preamble. Now, as the defence of the !
country is necessarily connected with, and depend-
ent upon the military power of the country, we I
find, in the same section, the power given to Con- j
gress to provide the ways and means necessary to ,
accomplish the purpose indicated. Provision for j
common defence involves the idea of military prepa- j
ration—and the power to declare war carries with j
it the right to use the military force of the nation 1
for the purpose of defence against the offending j
party. In the section to which I have referred, j
the power is given to Congress to declare war—
raise and support armies—provide and maintain a
navy—and provide for the calling forth the militia
to execute the laws of Ihe Union, suppress insur-
rection, and repel invasion. All the powers here
granted, and all the powers of the Constitution
relating to military preparation and organization,
refer to, and are applicable to, the first general ,
power "to provide for the common defence."
The object and the power harmonize with each
other; and both accord, not only with the general |
provisions of the Constitution, but with the or- i
ganic principles of our free institutions.
Congress has power to declare war—not for j
conquest, but for the " common defence" of the ,
country; and if the power to conquer territory 1
and annex it to the United States, is not a power
granted, but a meie incident to the power to de-
clare war, then, sir, the anomaly is presented in
our Constitution of the incidental, being superior
to the principal power; of the minor including the
major proposition; for the right of conquest is the
highest exercise of sovereignty; and it involves
not only the right of acquisition and annexation,
but the, war-making power itself. The omission, ,
in a written Constitution, that professes to define i
all the powers of the Government, of a power so
important, is evidence stronger than mere pre- .
sumption, that such power dops not exist, anil ;
was never intended to be granted. I deny, then,
sir, that Congress has the power to declai e and
carry on a war for the sole purpose of conquest
and permanent acquisition, and 1 do not hesitate to
affirm that all such conquest of territory, unless .
immediately connected with, and necessary to, the :
defence of the country, is illegal, unconstitutional, I
and in violation of the first principles of our Gov- i
ernment. _ J
I freely admit that if, in the prosecution of a de- •
fensive war, it should become " necessary and
proper?' to conquer and hold any portion of the !
territory belonging to the nation with whom we
were at war, for present defence and future secur-
ity, such a proceeding would not only be justi-
fiable, but constitotional. In this way may ter- 1
ritory be acquired by conquest, and in no other.
The right thus to acquire.it results not from the
power to declare war, but from the more general
power "to provide for the common defence.'
The acquisition of territory by conquest may be-
come necessary for the purpose of defence; but
such necessity should be absolute and extreme.
The necessity and propriety of such acquisition
must be determined by those to whom the power
to declare and carry on the war properly belongs.
■She right of conquest, under any circumstances,
is dangerous in its exercise; and its results are
often ruinous and destructive. The spirit of con-
quest is the spirit of tyranny. It knows no law
but the sword, no right but power, no mercy but
in submission, and no justice but the will of the
conqueror. Its history is written in blood; and
the sighing of the orphan, the groans of the widow,
and tile death-struggle of the " strong man in his
agony," have marked the progress of its triumphs.
Are we prepared for a career like this? Shall the
American republic, whose foundations are deeply
laid upon the eternal principles of freedom and
the rights of man, enter the lists, and contest the
palm of inglorious greatness with Home with her
Cfflsar, Macedon with her Alexander, and Prance
with her Napoleon ? It is time to pause and re-
flect.^1 Let us learn wisdom from the past; and let
the ruins of empires teach us knowledge.
Under existing circumstances, I am utterly op-
posed to any extension of territory. It is unwise,
uncalled* for, inexpedient, and eminently danger-
ous to the integrity of the Union. Nor am I wil-
ling to accept of territory at the hands of Mexico,
as "ail indemnity. She must give us something
more valuable. What gentleman upon this floor
does not know, or at least ought not to know, that
the territory we expect to acquire from Mexico is
not only worthless and valueless in itself, but ev-
ery acre worth acquiring, and that which is not,
is covered with Spanish and Mexican grants to
companies and individuals? Mcxico is not the
owner in fee of one acre, of the territory which we
propose to take as an indemnity. With the ex-
ception of some portions of California, and those
the least valuable, Mexico has no lands to give as
an indemnity, or for any other purpose. U has
never been the policy of the United States to in-
terfere with vested rights; and, in the event of the
acquisition of territoiy, all the private rights of in-
dividuals to these lands would be recognised and
icspcclcd by the courts and Government of the
United States. What, then, sir, would we ac-
quire by a cession of territory under these circum-
staiic.cs : Nothing but political jurisdiction over
the territory conquered. Beyond that, nothing val-
uable—nothing that would bring one dollar into
the treasury of the United States. No political,
military, or commercial advantages, worth pos-
sessing, would accrue to the United States by such
acquisition. If, in the progress of years, the pos-
session of California should become necessary for
such purposes.it can be obtained, not by war, but
in a wav more consistent with our institutions—
j by purchase and treaty.
I 'If the acquisition of Mexican territory is value-
less as an indemnity—if jurisdiction over a semi-
barbarous and inhospitable region, with a popula-
I tion degraded as superstition and ignorance can
| make them, is all that we obtain—if we can acquire
; no advantage, political or commercial, by such act,
! why should we desire such a consummation, and
i expend the blood and treasure of the nation in ac-
I complishing it? Do gentlemen wish to extend
! still further the territorial limits of our vast repub-
I lie? Can the most ambitious mind desire a more
! magmficentdomain than wealready possess> How
wide its extent! How almost boundless our do-
minions! From the Atlantic to the Pacific—from
! our northern seas to the southern gulf—all is ours.
| With every variety of soil and climate; vast and fer-
; tile plains, furnishing the productions ofevery clime;
j noble rivers, bearing upon their broad bosoms the
I rich commerce of a great nation; with lofty moun-
j tarns, abounding in mineral wealth, the hourly de-
| velopmcnt of which is constantly adding to our
national greatness; and with a population honest,
1 industrious, and enterprising, and increasing with
! a rapidity that laughs at the theories of political
> economists, why should we ask for more?
f Here surely is a field wide enough for all our
| restless spirit of enterprise. Here is an arena for
the display of every civil arid social virtue. Here
the statesman may display all his talents, and in-
dulge his highest aspirations.
Co gentlemen desire the extension of our civil
and religious privileges?—the pure principles of
republican institutions' The influence of our ex-
ample will accomplish this more speedily and cer-*
tainly thanjthe bayonets of our soldiery, or the
thunder of our cannon. You may conquer their
territory, but you cannot compel the people to be
free; you may overthrow existing governments,
but you cannot establish by the sword a system
of self-government. Self-government imposed by
i force upon a people, would be tyranny to them.
But, sir, there is another objection to the acqui-
sition of territory, to which I will briefly advert.
Who here does not know, from what we have al-
ready seen during the debates of the present ses-
sion, that the acquisition of territory will awake a
question, the agitation of which will shake the
very foundations of the Union ? If my wishes
could prevail, I would have, nothing introduced
into this Hall which would give rise to such a dis-
cussion. Not that I am in favor of postponing the
question, if it must arise. If territory is to be
acquired and annexed to the Union, " now is the
day-and now is the hour" to determine what its
character shall be. But I would avoid the neces-
sity, by excluding all idea of future acquisition.
If territory is to be acquired, it must be free, now
and forever. I never can and never will, under .
any circumstances, consent to add one more foot
of territory to the United States for the purpose of
extending the institution of slavery. Upon this
question my mind is made up—the northern mind
is made up—and their determination is fixed and
unalterable. The people of the North, with un-
equalled unanimity, and with a firmness commen-
surate with the importance of the question, are
resolved never to permit the extension of slavery
by any act of theirs. On the other hand, I am
aware that gentlemen of the South are equally
determined that no territory shall be admitted into
the Union, unless they have the entire control of
the question of slavery, in relation to the territory
to be acquired. They will consent to no restric-
tions on what they claim as their right. They
will permit no interference on the part of northern
men, and will spurn all who volunteer their advico
upon this much-vexed question.
Here is a direct issue. Both parties are inex-
orable; unwilling to compromise. How, then,can
territory be admitted without awakening a con-
test, the very thought of which must strike terror
to the heart of every lover of his country? The
contemplation of such an issue, and its results,
jt must fill every mind with the most gloomy fore-
1 bodings of evil. Shall we, by our acts, precipitate
this tremendous issue, and rush upon it " as the
unthinking horse rusheth into the battle?"
Is there no common ground to be found upon
which the North and South may meet in peace
and embrace each other in the bonds of common
brotherhood ? There is; and it can only he found
in a firm determination on the part of Congress
and the people, never to add another foot of foreign
territory to that we now possess. Our country as
it is, is the broad platform upon which all may
meet in union anil harmony—the common altar
upou which we can sacrifice, for our country's
good, every asperity of feeling, every diversity of
sentiment, every selfish consideration. Here we
may meet without offending a prejudice, without
compromising a principle, or sacrificing an interest.
Here, the North and the South, the East and the
West, can meet together, and in the full gush of
patriotic emotion, utter the sentiment " Our cown-
try as it is."
We are now reaping the bitter fruits of a late act
of annexation. We have felt the evil in the lecenfe
prostration of the system of protection to Ameri-
can industry. W^e feel it in the war in which we
are now unhappily involved, in consequence of
that act. Let our present experience warn us
against the danger of similar, and yet still more
dangerous experiments.
As to the annexation of Texas, I have nothing
more to say. The act has been consummated,
and she now constitutes one of the States of this
Union; and being placed upon an equal footing
with the other States, she must be. so regarded and
treated. But the admission of new territory now.,
would entail oil us evils of far greater magnitude
