1847. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Roberts.
Ho. op Reps.'
proposition. The public good, and the interest of
the master and the bondman would be eloquently-
set forth and ably commentated upon. We would
hear doleful predictions of the evils that must fol-
low any such a procedure. Pictures, frightful
pictures, of anarchy, discord, and insubordination,
would be drawn before us, and we would be im-
plored to stay the hand of destruction. Now, Mr,
Chairman, it is a poor rule that won't work both
ways, and he is an unreasonable man that denies
others the benefit of his own example. And all
we ask is simply to be let alone, as they deem it a
right they have to be let alone, iu their domestic
affairs. Ours is a domestic institution, created for
our use and benefit, and regulated as it best suits
our situation and condition. If we differ with them
in the^overnmentand time of servitude, it is doubt-
less for the reason of expediency and policy which jj
they claim as their right in sustaining theirpecuhar
regulations. We don't differ about the thing at
all; for we both acknowledge its utility and pio-
priety; we only differ as to the manner of carrying
into effect th« principle. They deem alimited ser-
vitude better adopted to their purpose: we regard
an unlimited servitude ad most proper and bene-
ficial. Now, is it asking too much to extend to us
th'e same scope of judgment they claim for them-
selves? If servitude is wrong at all, it must be
wrong in all Us parts. There can be no division
of a principle wrong in itself. The tenure can
work no change in the principle: and as they ac-
knowledge the principle, and prove its soundness
by embracing it, and ask that they may be permit-
ted to regulate it according to their notions of pro-
priety, and as we only ask the same privilege, hav-
ing agreed upon the principle, is it not strange that
an effort is made to deprive us of what by their own
showing is clearly our right ?
I will now pay my respects to the gentlemen
from New York, [Messrs. Groyer and King.] I
will play double to two, and take them both at once,
as they have in their speeches uttered the same
sentiments. They alleged that free laborers of the
North would feel themselves degraded by laboring
in a State where slavery is recognised. This, sir,
is a direct attack upon the character of many of
my constituents; for although they may not know
the fact, it is nevertheless true, that many white
people in my district do labor, and are not on that
account a whit the less respectable. I have repre-
sented them for years, and I can truly declare, that
a more honest and worthy class of men nowhere
exists; and in pointof intelligence, would compare
advantageously with the gentlemen themselves.
Prior to my election to this body, it was my honor
and privilege for many years to hold a seat in our
State Legislatuie. I was elected from time to time
by slaveholders' votes, as well as by the suffrage
of those who did not own slaves. I sat by the
side and counselled with gentlemen who were ac-
customed to labor; and instead of considering it
degrading to thus associate with, and enjoy the
friendship and counsel of working men, I esteemed
it not only a privilege, but an honor. In my State
there is no distinction made between slaveholders
and non-slaveholders; both enjoy equal privileges,
and are equally and alike eligible to the highest
offices of honor and trust, and which is conferred
upon them without distinction.
I came here charged with the trust confided to
nie by the people of my State. My duty to them
and obligation faithfully to represent their wishes,
will not permit me to sit quietly by when an at-
tempt is made to prejudice them. I have lived
among those whom I represent, and I believe,
without any vanity, that 1 am as well qualified to
represent their wishes and interests as it is possi-
ble for the gentlemen from New Vork to be, who
know nothing about their sentiments, and who
have not been invited as yet to become their guar-
dians; and until the South solicits their aid, I trust
they will be content to represent the good people
of New York. (I mean no disrespect to any gen-
tleman.)
The gentlemen say they are legislating for the
whole of the people, for all the dear people in the
republic. Now, sir, permit me to say, that in my
opinion, the gentlemen are only offering a bid for
the Abolition vote, as a set-off against the Federal"
ists of Massachusetts. The gentlemen say they
are legislating for all the dear people—for the good
of the whole. This, sir, reminds me of an anec-
dote; but as I am not well versed in such narra-
tions, and as my time is short, I will omit it. [Sev-
eral voices: " Go on; tell it."] Well, sir, as the
story goes, a gentleman was taken sick; and after i| gentlemen.
rppfwormo* snmewViMt. and lip.incr rpcnrde'l as r.nn- I f^-rtntlArrw
fercd, and plundered, I am not sure but that th«y
may realize some experience in the elevations which
seem so constantly to trouble the visions of soratf
recovering; somewhat, and being regarded as con
valescent, he desired his wife to prepare him some
light diet, and recommended her to. make him some
appte dumplings; she did so, and set before him sewn-
teen specimens of that light kind of diet. The sick
man proceeded to store away the repast, and after
having hid si,r/e'eit,and stuck his fork in the remain-
ing one—the last of the dumplings—his little child
(who had, like all children, gathered round when
his parents are eating) burst out weeping; the
mother, who stood by—kind, good soul—gently
led the child away, remarking,ii Don't cry, dear—
what daddy eats is for the good of the whole family
So, sir, with the gentlemen from New York in
their exhibitions of impartial legislation; after
having trampled upon our rights, robbed us of I
what we justly claim as our indefeasible rights, i
they come to us with the remark, " Now do be !
quiet; take it gently; don't be alarmed; for what- 1
ever we rob you of, whatever we filch from you, j
i-3 for the good of the whole dear people—master, 1
servant, and all!"
Now, sir, i am somewhat doubtful whether the
gentlemen from New York [Messrs. King and
Gentlemen on the other side of this question say
they are opposed to extending the area of slavery;
that they will not extend the institution over terri-
tory where slavery does not now exist; and there-
fore it must be excluded from any territory acquired
from Mexico. In making this declaration, they
pay but a sorry compjiment to the general intelli-
gence of the people." Sir, slavery does exist in
Mexico; not in name, not in a well-regulated sys-
tem : but, sir, it exists in the most abject, miserable
system upon earth; and in confirmation of which!
will ask to publish in my speech a correctly-trans-
lated cxtract from their peon laws. I would have
it read, but I find my time nearly exhausted, and
must proceed.
Here are these peon laws of Mexico:
"This peonic institution is slavery in fact, with-
out the cost to the owner of the original investment
incidental to the possession of negro property; with
the further advantage that the employer of the
peon, or, what is the same thing, his owner, is not
subjected to the payment of taxes, nor to the loss
i which a negro slaveholder incurs when his slave
i dies. It is altogether a better institution for the
Grover] are faithfully^epresentmg the sentiments j; owner of the peon in the republic of Mexico than
-*• -1 ----- j:.! negro slavery is for the owner of negroes in the
United States.
il To this we may add that the privilege which
the peon has to free himself by paying the debt due.
his master, is deceptive; it can only be exercised
wften the master consents to it. A slave can about
as easily buy his freedom. The eighth article is,
and always was, a nullity. The high state of en-
lightenment among the peons is a beautiful com-
mentary upon the second article requiring the
master to educate the children of his servants."
of the white laboring population of their districts;
and, as proof this opinion, I will send to the Clerk's
desk to be read the resolution adopted by the citi-
| zens of Monroe county, in the State of New York.
The Clerk will please read it: I
"The just ground.—At a recent meeting of the Demo- [
crats of Mon.oj county, in the Stale of Npw Vork, an i
attempt wits made to pass a resolution in favor of Preston [
King's project in regard to the prombition of slavery in new j
territories. This resolution was ptoinptly voted down, and j
the following adopted in its -?tead : }
" < Resolved, That, though wp may fully concur in thf sen- n
tirneiitcindpuneiple contained in what is called the < Wihnot I ^
Proviso,'embraced m the hill lately intioduced into Con- ji iJAra\ 1. 1 he mooters are responsible for the conduct of
cress, we cannot repaid it hut as calculated to emhmass. if Ij thnrseivants, and toi the wine lea^on the law gives them,
it do not wholly defeat the m.un obieeis of the bill; and ir | over those servants, the aufhomyot tatheis over their sons,
in difficult to pciceive that it ha*- unv legitimate connexion ' l^ul thuv may pauicularly eoiren ami chastise them. 1 he
therewith, however well intended; yet wo fear that t-echoual j. *aroe anthonty n given ovei the family of the servant that
and other italouHes mat; a&cube loib* introduction and sup- 'I w,th the mantel. . . .
port other objects tliau'a heartv and lionet suppoit <>f the j Akt. x.. In consequence of the foregoing provision, the
wai. We hold that in time of'wai there should be but one 1; manei should piovide tor the education o/the children of
heart, one pulse, and one voice—-a nation of pat< iots—sym- ; the s'-*rvants dependant upon theui.
palinzing with and eheeiing our armies on to victory; but (! _ .R j'
one sectional and ideographical line—that which divides us  *   
fiom our common enemy; but one policy—that of conquer-
ing at ail hazards an honorable peace from our foe; and all
causes or subjects, either in council, or field, that tend to I
lessen these paramount objects, should bo studiously avoid- {
ed. It prematurely raises a question, purely of a domestic j
character, as to the conquests of war or conditions of peace, j
ere we have obtained the one or sued tor the other: and i
should it not be viewed by other nations as an indication {
that our war with Mexico r? designed as one of conquest M
gravated, whether beeausehcriequentlyfails in His service,
or whether for want of respect to the master, he shall be
chastised by the ju-ticc (alcalde) with six months in irons,
if a man, or with the (la cevena) clog, if a woman^ in £iie
house of the roaster j the latter having the power to diminish*
this penalty at his pleasure. If the servantshould be guilty
of overt acts against the master, lie shall be punished in
eonfoimity to the existing laws.
«ARr. 4. He who being once convicted, according to the
foregoing articles, shall lepeat the same odfence, shall be
and aggrandizement, instead of redressing a gicat national ;] criminally prosecuted and condemned to sei vt year 9[*
indignity and accumulated wion &} it present-* thy novel ;j t,ie public wot ks, iri lions; and if a woman'
spectacle of deliberating upon the anticipated 'spoils of l victed, she shall be condemned to one year of seclusion with
victory,' in advance of piovidmg the neees^aiy means and !| the clog.
Art. 5. In no case shall the master lose the debt of the
servant]; and the term of punishment being concluded, the
servant'shall return to the service of hisraaster, if he can do
it; but if he enters the service of another, this other shall
pav the debt.
"Art. 6. The law which prohibits trading with servants,
and the penalties which those laws establish as to those who
making the necessary airangrrnents lor it* achievement. !
< Our quariel being just,' let our motto be, union and action, J
until an honorably peace be either agreed upon or conquered |
from our common enemy.' " '
[Here, at the reading- of the resolution, Mr. Gro- !
ver became very restive, and desired permission !    , .
to explain, which Mr. Roberts would cheerfully :j co  ^;*tho!buse«Sepow.
grant, were it not that his time was short; but he
desired the gentleman to talie his seat, assuring !
j him that, if he remained quiet and rested easy, he j
would administer it to him easier than ever it had !
been done to him before.]
The gentleman from Indian^, [Mr. Pettit,] who ' j and on pljnu
is I am" sorry to perceive, not now in his .''oat, had I, ar<* brought ti<
' i , _   _ i* nUm-** tlio tV«vo tc r.f . , e <tra co«ts.
Art. 7. The 'master who abuses the powergiven him by
law*hall be tried and punished in conformity to law, ac-
cording to the abuse he maycominit; but in no case, not
even m that of the application of a tine in favor ol the ag-
grieved, shall the ma-^ter lore the debt.
"Art. 8. Payments shall be made in money or goods, if
the «crvants a>k them, at the current prices. For settlements,
where there arc no stores, and the goods
.ition' , ,
■om other paits. they fehali He charged with ihe
' s ' I . .i A .Uwftnte evtra coms, The master who may give his goods with
much to say a few days a£:o abont tue tmcats oi ;i !a;Ij10,r ci1(irges- than the foiegomg regulation requiies, shall
the South to dissolve the Union. Now, sir, I may [\ h/^n-^d equivalent to tuple the excess which ho charges
be mistaken, but I have yet to know that any gen- .! upon the_servant.
tleman from the South ever, upon any occasion
Akt. 9. As the m:\stercannottuin away the servant with-
out iu-st cause, so neither con the servant leave the service
of Ins- master without the same ju>t cause. The servant who
slnll do so. shall be positively returned to the service ofhis
nviSft^J, chastised bv the justice m the house of the master,
with two months m iron*, or with tho-clog ifa woman."
made any such declaration. I repeat it, sir, if it
is so, I have never heard it. He cautioned the
South against any attempt to dissolve the Union, ,
as though such sentiment was entertained by any
one, and read us a lecture prominent in its cautions ,| Suppose, en*, I were to ofter an amendment to
to us of Hainan's gallows. What he may have ;* exclude from territory hereafter to be acquired, the
done to entitle him to that elevation I know not. I ; free labor of the ?fortli; or suppose I were to sug-
presnme, however, lie has done nothins to merit it: ji ffest that such ami such persons of such and such
Eut be that as it may, I am quite sure' that no een- occupations should be prohibited from going upon
tleman from the South has any such elevated no- j: the territory, or that the citizens of Pennsylvania
tions and lays no claims whatever to any such jj might inhabit it, but that INew }ork, Massaciiu-
conspicuous distinction. But this much I will say, J setts, New Hampshire, Connecticut, Indiana, ami
that if the gentlemen who advocate this nefarious, jj other free Stales, should not: what■ youltl be the
uniust illegal, Wihnot proviso, and then go South verdict of the gen lemerr from these States ? Why,
among those whom they have thus defrauded, pil- l! sir, they would characterize it, ana justly too, an
