m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 26,
Cong..;..'2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Bowdon.
Ho of Reps.
eminently unjust ami oppressive, and promptly
vote it down. And are we to tell a Butler, a Cluit-
man, a Davis, a Yei!, a Price, a Pillow, and.a host
of other southern gentlemen, officers and soldiers,
who have bravely volunteered, and shed their
blood and dissipated their treasure, who represent
millions of slaveholders, that, after the territory
that may be acquired has been purchased at so
fearful a cost, they, nor their wives, nor their
children, nor their friends, nor relatives, shall not
go upon the territory to possess it, people it, and
cultivate it, and build upon it for themselves and
their children? No, sir; they will tell us, and I
tell you, the South will have her rights, come what
may. What she is entitled to by the Constitution
$.nd by the compromise she will never yield; and
that country, if acquired, we will have the liberty
to inhabit it if we choose, on equal conditions, and
in the exercise of equal privileges of citizens from
any other section of the Union. More than this
we do not ask; less, we would be less than men
tp submit to.
[Here the hammer fell. Mr. Roberts gave no-
tice that his remarks oil the war would appear in
a printed speech.]
Whether the war we are now engaged in is to
result to the injury of the South, I know not; nor
•will I now stop-to inquire how the agitation of the
slave question will operate. These are two dis-
tinct questions, and should be settled each upon Us
own merits. I am for settling the war first, and
afterwards determining the other question. I be-
lieve we are engaged in a most righteous war.
Justice, and honesty, and honor, and truth, are on
our si$e; and we should, without hesitation, vote
all the men and all the money necessary to bring
the hostilities to an honorable and successful ter-
mination. It is all idle to talk about who com-
menced the war; and I think some gentlemen will
find that an effort to render it odious will recoil
most fearfully upon their own heads. Pioperly
speaking, neither the President nor yet Congress
commenced the war. Some of the gentlemen who
have labored so hard to show that it was Mr.
Polk's war, paid but a poor compliment to the
intelligence of their constituents. Why, sir, this
war question was settled more than two years
ago; and, if the leaders of the Federal party are
entitled to belief, the people themselves decreed
the war. The Federalists told the people in 1844
that if Mr. Polk was efectod, Texas would he an-
„]iexed, and, if Texas were annexed, war must en-
sue; and yet, with all this information, Mr. Polk
was elected. Now, how will the Federalists es-
cape? Will they say that, having so often de-
ceived the people with false predictions, they
could not train credence? Surely they will not
endorse suck a charge against their own want of
veracity and respectability; and if they will not,
then they must admit with mc, that inasmuch as
the people elected a gentleman who, they weie
told, would bring about a war, (hey must, of ne-
cessity, have approved it in advance. The truth
is, the war, instead of being odious with the peo-
ple, is just the reverse. There may be a few men
on " 'Change" who are in the habit of " counting
the cost;" but they arc mighty few, I tell you; and
they are men, too, whose patriotism tiscs and falls
witb the prices of tape and calico, or their attor-
neys who, for u a consideration," whether in the
shape of a simple fee, or a fee in trust, stand
bought and bound to preach rum or treason, as the
commodity may be best liked. The men who op-
posed the last war found jt an up-hill business,
and most of them have been sjoing; down hill ever
since; and the few who have managed to keep
steady, have had to rely upon %ifts and annuities.
The majority of them sank so low in the scale of
citizenship, that no republican dog in the land
would disgrace himself or his master by barking
at them. What the fate of the present generation
of traitors will be, needs no prophetic power to de-
termine.
Believing the war to be just—to have been com-
menced only when longer forbearance would have
been a crime; and believing that it should be
vigorously prosecuted until f'uli and ample sat'V
faction is obtained and full indemnity offered—-I
shall continue to vote, as I have heretofore done,
for every measure winch is, in my judgment, cal-
culated to conquer an honorable and permanent!
peace.
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF MR. F. W. BOWDON,
OF alabama,
In the House of Representatives,
January 26, 1847.
The BiH to establish the Territorial Government of
Oregon being under consideration—
Mr. BOWDON said:
Mr. Speaker: I am aware of the influence which
the feelings exercise over the judgment, and there-
fore fear that all efforts to arrest the course of a
majority of this House will prove unavailing. But
impending defeat does not always enjoin silence,
or justify a tame submission to the exactions of
power. A blow has been aimed at the rights and
honor of the South, which it is the duty of her rep-
resentatives to expose and resist. We are now
engaged in a foreign war; our armies are in the
field; and, instead of devising the ways and means
of replenishing an exhausted treasury, we are en-
gaged in a heated discussion of the question of
slavery, which seems strangely link itself, ot
this time, with almost every subject of legislation.
Discord reigns where union and harmony should
prevail. What has produced this deplorable state
of things5 Who are responsible for it? These
emphatic questions have been asked by the patri-
otic throughout the land, and deserve a candid
: reply. The record of our proceedings furnishes
; the answer, and proclaims, in a feaiful voicc, that
responsibility lies not at the door of the South.
Near the close of the last session of Congress,
whilst the shouts which followed the glorious vic-
tories on the Rio Grande were yet ringing in the
ears of the nation, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr WilmotI offered a proviso to the two
million loan hill, prohibiting the extension of sla-
very to any territory which might be acquired
from Mexico. The majority here sustained him.
At the beginning of this session it was hoped that
better counsels would prevail; but wc were doomed
to sad disappointment. At an early day, a gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Prrston King]
offered a bill imbodying the principle of the Wil-
mot prwiw, and proposing to enact a solemn law
in reference to the government of territory which
I we have not, and never may acquire.
i The second section of this extraordinary bill en-
i acts: " Thatin any territory which maybe secured
1 * to the United Stai.es from Mexico, slavery and i -
: ' voluntary servitude shall forever be prohibited."
■ The principle heic set forth has been sustained by
! speeches of various gentlemen from the North.
I They denounce slavery as a horrible evil—a dark
j spot on the national escutcheon—and proclaim it to
; be the right and duty of the Federal Government
; to prevent its Anther diffusion. Under these cir-
I cumstances the Oregon bill is brought forward,
containing a provision prohibiting forever the in-
troduction of slavery into that Territory. In a
spirit of patriotic concession, a gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Burt] offered an amendment,
adding to that provision the following words:
" Itiusmu'.-h a-- the whole of fiat Tmilory f Oiocon'Jlies
north of thirty-si v d<j#iOf><and thirty mirmto- noi th hitirude,
known as the Jtne ot the Missouri eompiomtse."
Thisamcndment was rejected, the North alleging
that the Missouri compromise only embraced
territory east of the Rocky Mountains, and that
they are unwilling to extend that line of compro-
mise to the Pacific. In all the haughtiness of con-
scious power, our opponents appeal from the spirit
of the Missouri compromise to the alleged princi-
ples of the Constitution, and boldly announce their
fixed determination to exert the whole force of the
Government to prevent the further diffusion of
slavery. From this statement of facts, vouched
by the journal of our proceedings, who has drag-
ged into this Flail the vexed question of slavery?
Who are the authors of the ill-starred agitation,
which has so much disturbed our deliberations?
In every stage of the history of this proceeding,
the North has tendered the issue, whilst the South
has reluctantly occupied the position of a defend-
ant. Let this important fact be announced here,
and proclaimed throughout the Union.
I shall now proceed, Mr. Speaker, to discuss the
question at issue, in that spirit of calmness which
its overwhelming importance so imperiously de-
mands. Wit may amuse; denunciation may ex*
cite; but argument alone is worthy of a great sub-
ject, involving the proper construction of the Con-
stitution, and seriously affecting the interests of a
large portion of this Confederacy. The spirit
which led to the Missouri compromise has de-
parted. In that measure of concession to the
peace and harmony of the Union, the North now
finds nothing to commend. The motto is, "We
have the power, and we will use it." The South
is thus driven to take her position behind the in-
trenchments of the Constitution, which I trust may
prove a stronger barrier to the spirit of encroach-
ment, than any compromise which may be disre-
j garded by the same majority which makes it.
I Let us now examine the obnoxious feature of
i the Oregon bill, and ascertain how far it accords
with the principles of the Constitution, and the
just rights of the people.
The 12th section provides—
" That the inhabitants of said territory shall be entitled trr
enjoy all and singular the rights, privileges, and advantages
granted and secured to the people of the territory of the
United States northwest of the river Ohio, by the articles of
compact contained m the ordinance for the governmPiit of
said territory, on the thirteenth day of July, seventeen hun-
dred and eighty-seven ; and shall he subject to all the condi-
tion?, afid restriction^ and prohibitions, in said articles* of
compact imposed upon the people of said territory."
What 44conditions, restrictions, and prohibitions,'9
are imposed by the articles of compact, contained
in the ordinance of 1787? The following extracts
therefrom imbody the principle which we are
about to incorporate in the Oregon bill, and make
unalterable," to wit:
"it id hereby ordained and declared that the following
articles shall be eonMdeted as article* of compact between
the original States and the ti-.ople and States m the said ter-
mor), [noithwe^t of the Oluo river,] and forever remain
unalterable, unlo?-3 by common consent, to wit:"
"Akt. ft, There shall be neither slavery nor involuntary
seivitude in said territory, otherwise than rn the punishment
of crimes whcicof the party shall have been duly convict-
ed "
Such is the anti-slavery feature of this bill, sus-
tained by the majority under the pretext of consti-
[ tutional power, without reference to the principle
i of concession. The adaptation of the soil and cli-
| mate of Oregon to slave labor, and the precedent
j furnished by the Missouri compromise, can now
I have no influence upon our course. We are forced
| to vote upon an isolated proposition, involving th<s
j -power of the Federal Government over the subject
I of slavery. We a^e now about to establish a pre-
I cedent to embarrass us hereafter, and aid our op-
j ponents in their wild crusade against southern
[ institutions, carried on under the mask of philan-
i thropy, but really instigated by the double forces
! of agrariamsm and a lust of dominion. If the ob-
! ject be not to commit the Government on theques-
j tion of jurisdiction, why was the amendment offered
j Jay the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt]
| "rejected by a geographical vote ? Why has slavery
1 been denounced as a dark current, rolling over the
i continent and withering everything sacred in its
I inarch ? Why has the doctrine been boldly an-
nounced that the Californias and New Mexico
must be added to the Union, with a perpetual pro-
hibition as to slavery, to sunound the South with
'< a cordon of free States?" If I am not deluded in
the signs of the times, the future action of this
i Government will give to these questions an em-
| phatic and fearful response.
i I am aware, sir, that gentlemen will vote for this
j bill who neither desire nor anticipate any evil re-
i suits. But it must be recollected that the silent
. motives and collateral considerations, which infltt-
i ence the action of members, will soon be forgotten;
I whilst the law we are about to enact will remain
forever on the statute book, to meet us like an ap-
; parition in every future trial of strength. Prece-
I dent has already, to some extent, superseded the
; Constitution, and I am unwilling further to dis-
j figure our legislation by adding to the number of
i past errors. Even in this debate the action of the
| old Congress, under the Articles of Confederation,
j has been unblushingly appealed to, in support of
j the monstrous heresies which mark the degen-
I eraey of the times.
i In opposition to the sentiments thus promul-
j gated, I assume, and will endeavor to maintain, by
j reason and authority, the following positions:
1st. That new States should be admitted into
j this Union, without reference to the existence of
slavery therein; and to require its abolition, as a
