138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 26,
29th Cong.....2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Bowdon.
Ho. of Reps.
The right of a State to establish or continue the
relation of master and slave is reserved; whilst the
right to equal representation in the Senate h guar-
antied by the Constitution. But no republican can
contend that the reserved rights of the States, pertain-
ing to their local affairs, are less sacred than Fed-
eral rights, secured by the Constitution for Federal
purposes. If any of these rights can'be invaded,
there is no security for the remainder.
But the fallacy and absurdity of the restriction
doctrine may be exposed by a variety of tests.
The second section of the fourth article of the
Constitution declares, that "the citizens of each
* State shall be entitled to all privileges and imrnu-
* nities of citizens in the several States," Now, it
is an acknowledged right of the citizens of the
original States to establish slavery; and if the same
privilege is wrested from the new States, their con-
templated equality is destroyed. This clause,
whilst it checks the Federal Government, imposes
no restraint on the voluntary abolition of slavery
by the States, but secures freedom of action to each
in'regard to its own municipal regulations. The
Constitution contains various prohibitions upon
the powers of the States. 1 now ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. King] if these prohibitions
apply to the new States?
Mr. ICING. They apply to all the States.
Mr. BOWDON. Then the guarantees of the
Constitution must have a like operation. The
benefit of the latter constitutes the consideration
for submitting to the former. But if Congress may
require the surrender of a reserved right of a Suite
as the condition of its admission, then the State
may in turn contract for an exemption from the
constitutional prohibitions. The rule of construc-
tion and the force of the argument would be the
same in both cases. Thus a State might surrender
the right to impose a direct tax on the personal pro-
perty of its citizens, and in lieu thereof acquire the
power to lay duties on imports; thereby frustrating
the revenue laws of the General Government, and
destroying the harmonious operations of our Fed-
eral system. A new State must be admitted into
the Union under the fixed rules prescribed by the
Constitution. That instrument adjusts the balance
of power between the States and the Federal Gov-
ernment; and that balance cannot be varied by
legislative restrictions. Congress cannot amend
the Constitution; that high power is lodged m
other hands.
But it is contended that Congress may or nmy
not, at their discretion, admit" new States, and
therefore may admit on conditions. The premises
are correct, but the conclusion is fallacious. There
is a broad and well-defined distinction between
misfeasance and a failure to act. Congress may
obstinately refuse to act, or may reject; but if a
State is admitted at all, it must come into the Union
in conformity with the Constitution. The power
of Congress is " to admit new Statesnot prov-
inces or dependencies. A State, tx vi termini,
retains ceitain reserved rights, submits to certain
prohibitions, and is entitled to certain guarantees.
These rights, prohibitions, and guarantees, are
fixed by the fundamental law, and cannot be varied
without iis amendment.
The Constitution invests Congress with power
to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and ex- ■
cises. Congress may or may not, at their dis- j
cretion, exercise this power; yet it cannot therefore
be exercised in a manner different from that pre-
scribed. " Jill duties, imposts, and excises must be
uniform throughout the United Slates." So must I
every State'* possess the powers, and be subject !
to the liabilities and disabilities, which that term, j
in its constitutional meaning, imports; otherwise, >
it is not a " State," possessing a certain and fixed j
character and regular proportions, but is the mere '
creature of Congress, and may be either a giant or I
a dwarf, according to the prevailing whims of the I
moment; and, unlike other misshapen beings, we I
are told it can never outgrow its deformities. '
These views are .conclusive against the power of1
Congress, by direct action, to encumber the re-j
served rights of a tl State" (not the creature of;
Congress) with restrictions as the condition of its '
admission.
But the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hamijn]
contends that, by a circuitous process, this result
may be attained. With ail becoming gravity, he
announces the general proposition, that the people
of a territory, in their sovereign capacity, may enter
into compacts with the General Government that
will be binding upon them when admitted into the
Union, and that such compacts are irrevocable
ever afterwards. Prudently declining argument,
the gentleman calls to his aid the power of -prece-
dent, forgetting that the Constitution is the most
potent of all precedents. No unwarranted usage
can change the "fixed fact," that the relations of
these States towards each other and the Federal
Government are determined and settled by the fun-
damental l4^. But the precedents relied on by the
gentleman are harmless to his opponents, and
dangerous only to his own cause.
What are these precedents? The acts for the
admission of Michigan, Florida, Iowa, and other
States of the Union, "on the express condition
' that they shall not interfere with the primary
* disposal of the public lands lying within them,
' nor lay any tax on the same whilst remain-
' ing the property of the United States.1' These
restrictions and conditions are expressly autho-
rized by the third section of the fourth article of the
Constitution, which provides that*" the Congress
' shall have power to dispose of and make all need-
* ful rules and regulations respecting the territory,
1 or other jwoperty, belonging to the United States."
The Congress may therefore well impose on the
new States, all "needful restrictions respecting the
i territory or other property belonging to the Uni-
' ted States;" but in the execution of this power,
they cannot go farther, and make rules and regu-
lations* for a State, in regard to slaves belonging to
individuals.
I do not contend that no restrictions whatever
can be imposed on a State applying for admission;
but that such restrictions must come within the
grants of the Constitution. Now, the disposition
of the public lands pertains expressly to Congress;
that disposition might be interfered with, or whol-
ly frustrated, if the States possessed the power of
taxing them before they are sold. It may also be
" needful" and proper to exempt them from taxa-
tion for a limited period after a sale. Congress,
therefore, in requiring agreements as to the public
lands, acts within the pale of its delegated powers,
and therefore does not trench upon the residuary
and inviolable rights of the States. These reserved
rights cannot be transferred to the Federal Govern-
ment, nor extinguished by an unauthorized com-
pact,
I have chvclt thus long in tracing the relation 0i
the States to the Federal Government, because on
that relation depends, in a great decree, the duties
of Congiess towards the Territories. These are
but States in infancy, advancing to a condition ot
j; manhood. The Constitution clearly contemplates,
jj in the acquisition and possession of territory, not
[! distant provinces filled with dependent subjects, j
|j but "new States," resembling in form and rivalling j
'! in equality their elder sisters. With this great I
II object in view, and with a written chart as our I
guide, the path of duty is plain. Cast aside that j
written chart, and all is confusion; the will of the I
majority becomes the measure of the rights of the j
minority; a vast labyrinth of powers opens before J
us, the extent of which no man can estimate. That :
labyrinth we are now about to enter, under pros- ■
pects more gloomy than any that hitherto lowered !
upon our country. When or how we shall escape
j from it, if the fatal step be taken, is a problem to
i be solved by the fearful future. The proposition is
^ distinctly announced that the whole force of this
j Government is to be exerted hereafter to disparage
the institutions of the South. The preliminary
movement, in this grand scheme of aggression, is
the modest assumption of supreme and sovereign
control, on the part of the Federal Government,
over our present possessions and future territorial
acquisitions. Into these regions, whatever be their
extent, and however obtained, slaveholders with
their property are never to enter. When these
footholds are gained, it requires not the spirit of
prophecy to foretell the next step in this onward
march to revolution. Fanaticism will then lead
the crusade and become the ruling deity of the
hour, subordinating, as it always does, the propri-
ety of means to the accomplishment of ends. I
would not willingly darken the perspective with
imaginary evils, and gladly would I banish, if it
were possible, these sombre forebodings. But it ,
is not the part of wisdom to be unmindful of the
sad realities of the present, nor to cl(Sse the eye to
the ill-boding shadows of coming events. Here-
tofore the anti-slavery agitation has been the work
of *a faction; now it is the organized movement of
i a great section of the Union. The plan of opera-
tions, foreshadowed in the bill of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. King,] was distinctly de-
scribed in his written speech which followed it.
That speech found its way into this House in the
unpretending shape of a "personal explanation."
But it carried with it all the ear-marks of delibera-
tion and preconcert. Whilst the gentleman was
rehearsing in the foreground, I saw, or thought I
saw, behind the scene the hand of a master-promp-
ter, and was ready to exclaim, m the language of
Holy Writ, "the voice is Jacob's voice, but the
hands are the hands of Esau." Some of the un-
dercurrents in this movement may be checked.
The stirrer of the storm is not always the rider of
the wind.
The gentleman from New York does not con-
tend that Congress can impose upon a Territory
the inhibition of slavery as the condition of its ad-
mission to the rank of a State; but claims for the
Government complete and supreme control up to
that period. Why this distinction ? It.is one of
recent origin, and would seem to be manufactured
to suit the occasion. In most of our territorial
possessions, slavery has no existence. If, there-
fore, these vast unsettled regions may, by legislative
action, be populated by persons owning no slaves,
and opposed to the system, the object of the restrit-
tionists is accomplished. But when Missouri,
settled by slaveholders, applied for admission into
the Union, jurisdiction was claimed over the State
as well as the Territory. The object in view seems
to mould the doctrine of the North on this subject.
In 1803, they maintained that the Constitution did
not authorize the acquisition of Louisiana. But
now the same section cries aloud for more territory,
and discovers no impediment to extending "free
labor and free institutions" over half Mexico. And
over tins vast region, when acquired, it is contend-
ed, that the Federal Government is sovereign, and
in virtue of this sovereignty may determine what
is the subject-matter of property, and thereby de-
cide and select the character of the population and
the future form of State Government. Now, in
all sincerity I ask, what is the practical difference
between requiring the people of a Territory to form
a constitution prohibiting slavery, and in excluding
from it all those who will not voluntarily do so?
It is the difference between direction and indirec-
tion—between manliness and evasion. On the
rights of citizens in the slaveholding States, and
on the balance of power in the Union, the effect is
in fact, and by desigx. precisely the same. I
therefore denounce such legislation as contrary to
| the spirit and intent of the Constitution, and dero^-
! atory to the equal rights of the citizens of this re-
j public.
I But whence is derived this overshadowing pow-
| er? Unfortunately its advocates disagree among
themselves as to the source from whence it ema-
nates. The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hamlin]
fortifies himself behind legislative precedents and
supposed decisions of the Supreme Court. I
have already shown that the restrictions imposed
upon new States in reference to navigable rivers
and taxing the public lands, are based upon the
provision of the Constitution authorizing Congress
to " make all needful rules and regulations re-
specting the territory and other property belong-
ing to the United States." The other supposed
precedent is the celebrated ordinance of 1787, for
the government of the Territory northwest of the
Ohio river, which it is said the Supreme Court
have pronounced unchangeable. If that ordinance
be irrevocable, it ought never to be extended over
another Territory. Unchangeable regulations are
not congenial with the constitutional doctrines of
America. Not only the Declaration of Independ-
ence, but the constitutions of almost every State
m the Union declare, that Government derives its
just powers from the consent of the governed; that
the people may reform, alter, or totally change the
same when their protection and happiness require
it. The restriction argument derives no aid from
these fundamental doctrines, nor from the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court of the United States in
the case of Menard vs. Aspasia, (5 Peters, 515.)
Certainly this case t^es not perpetuate the ordi-
