1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr.Bowdon.
Ho. of Reps.
nance; and if it were effectual and operative over
the Territory, before it was divided and formed
into States, the precedent is unavailing for obvious
reasons. That ordinance was not a legislative act,
as is the bill excluding slavery from Oregon. It
was in the nature of a " compact between the origi-
nal States, and the people and States of the Worth-
west Territory." Secondly, it was passed by the
old Congress under the Articles of Confederation,
in 1787, and not by virtue of any general power
contained in the present Constitution, which was
formed in 1789. Thirdly, the validity of this ordi-
nance was generally doubted, and by many de-
nied; and, in consequence of these doubts, the first
clause of the sixth article of the Constitution was
adopted, validating preexisting contracts and en-
gagements, only so far as they were valid under
the articles of confederation. A cause that rests
on such precedents must indeed be fiail and tot-
tering.
I will now examine the position of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. McClermand.] For the abil-
ity and liberal sentiments of that gentleman, no one
entertains a higher respect than I do. Coinciding
generally with his practical views, 1 regret to differ
with him on the abstract question of power. I un-
derstand him to maintain that the capacity to acquire
territory is incidental to every government; that in our
system, the States do not possess this power; and there-
fore, it belongs to the Federal Government; that the
power to govern is involved in the power to acquire;
and that, in virtue of the power to govern, Congress
may prescribe that slavery shall or shall not exist in the
territories.
I know not by what authority it can be asserted
that all governments possess any one power or
class of* poweis. I had supposed that the powers
of every government varied according to its form
and structure. But to narrow the issue, I will
concede that our Government possesses & delegated
(not an inherent) power to acquire territory, and
yet, with this concession, I boldly controvert the
gentleman's conclusion. I still deny that Congress
may exclude the slave property of the South, or
the stock and implements of trade and husbandry
of the North, from territory acquired by, and " be-
longing to, the United States." Let not the precise
issue be mistaken: it relates to the extent, not the
existence, of Federal authority to make Territorial
regulations. Now, the issue must be determined
alone by the Constitution, as this Government can
exercise none but delegated powers—the residuary
mass of powers, not prohibited to the States, re-
maining with the States respectively, or with the
people. This restriction is expressly imposed by
the tenth article of the Amendments to the Consti-
tution, and constitutes my shield of defence and
weapon of attack. To prevent misunderstanding,
I repeat that delegated powers include not only
express grants of the Constitution, but all such
implied and incidental powers as may be " neces-
sary and proper" to give to such express grants
complete effect. Now, does the Constitution con-
fer an express authority to establish Territorial or
Provincial governments? No such general power
is, or ever was, designed to be granted. Not only
the language of the Constitution, but the history
of the Convention which framed it, fortifies this
conclusion.
By reference to that history, it will be found
that "Mr. Madison submitted, in order to be re-
4 ferrcd to the Committee of Detail, the following
4 powers, as proper to be added to those of the
* General Legislature, to wit:
"To dispose of the unappropriated lands of the United
States.
"To institute temporary governments for new States
arising therein."
Mr. Madison's propositions were rejected; the
committee reported in lieu thereof, and the conven-
tion adopted, the third section of the fourth article
of the Constitution, giving a Congress the power
i to dispose of and make all needful rules and regu-
* lations respecting the territory or other property
4 belonging to the United States."—(Madison Pa-
pers, pp. 1352, 1558, 1620-21.)
All powers incidental to this clause of the Con-
stitution Congress may well exercise; but this pro-
vision refers primarily to territory as property, and
is operative not only over territorial lands, but over
the unappropriated lands in the States.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Whence does the gen-
tleman derive the power to establish territorial gov-
ernments?
Mr. BOWDON. So far as that power exists, it
is derived from the clause just quoted; and the last
clause of the eighth section of the first article of
the Constitution, authorizing Congress " to make
' all laws which shall be necessary and proper to
' carry into effect all the powers granted to Con-
4 gress or vested by the Constitution in the Gov-
1 ernment of the United States, or in any depart-
* ment or officer thereof."
Mr. McCLERNAND, again interpo^Jbg, said the
doctrine contended for could not be true, as it ele-
vated the incident above the principal; that a spe-
cific "power to dispose of and make all needful
rules and regulations respecting the territory," as
property, could not confer a general authority of
government.
Mr. BOWDON. That general and unlimited au-
thority to govern is just what I controvert. The j
convention refused to confer any such general, un- \
defined, and unlimited powers, and in lieu thereof 1
made the grant respecting the territory and other '
property belonging to the United States, as I have i
before shown. The convention could not have 1
forgotten that the Revolution was the immediate !
result of the claim of power, on the part of Parlia-
ment, " to bind the colonies in all cases whatso- i
ever"—a power not more stupendous or more j
odious, than would be the unlimited power of Con-
gress to legislate for the Territories.
Gentlemen seem to think there is no middle
ground between limited constitutional power and
the reach of undefined despotism, the very essence
of which would be a right to make any and all
laws for the unrepresented inhabitants of the Ter-
ritories. To avoid this result, 1 would subordinate
the jurisdiction of Congress to the express grant;
to make all " needful rules and regulations respect- j
ing the territory and other property belonging to the i
United States." In addition to this, the express ;
prohibitions of the Constitution can never be disre- j
garded in any action of the Government. Subject |
to these limitations, the power of Congress over
the Territories would be ample for all useful pur-
poses, and extend quite as far as would be consist- I
ent with republican principles. In illustration of:
this view, it is " needful*' to sell the public lands;
but lands cannot be sold without purchasers; sales
cannot be made, unless buyers are protected in
their rights of person and property; to protect
these, laws are necessary. These functions Con-
gress not only may, but ought to, discharge. But to
do so, it is not needful to suppress the freedom of
speech; to interdict marriage; to suspend the priv-
ileges of the writ of habeas corpus; to pass a bill of
attainder, or grant titles of nobility—all of which
could be done, if the powers of Congress over the
Territories are undefined and supreme, or, as the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Pettit] contends, |
sovereign. Yet no one of these high functions of j
sovereignty can be exercised, if the powers of!
Congress are derived from the Constitution. j
Cannot lands be sold, and the purchasers pro- j
tected in all their rights, without excluding slaves j
from the Territories? The experience of the coun- j
try requires every one to give to this question an !
affirmative answer. But Congress may, in virtue j
of the express grant to which I have alluded, j
reserve the primary disposal of the public lands; j
and prevent the inhabitants from forming alii-!
ances with foreign nations. Subject to the prolnbi- i
tions contained in the Constitution, the territorial
legislature should be authorized to regulate and •
contiol all matters of mere local concern. And ;
such has been the course of the Government in
regard to all the Territories, except those embraced !
in the ordinance of 1787, and the Missouri com-
promise act. The idea that Congress, by anuci-
pative action, should form the character and con- _
irol the domestic relations of the people of the ■
Territories, is a remnant of the despotism of past ;
ages, and revives in full force the doctrine that the
will of a few should be paramount to the wishes :
of a community. I must be pardoned for believ-
ing that the moral responsibility of politicians for :
permitting entire communities to regulate their do-
mestic affairs has been, in this debate, somewhat
overrated. The sins of this description will he
easily atoned for, when those of an opposite char-
acter shall have been pardoned.
The argument of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. McClernand] involves the huge error,
that the right of Congress to regulate or abol-
ish slavery in the Territories is plenary, because
that right does not belong to the several States.
There are many powers pertaining to sovereignty
which, under our federative system, can neither
be exercised by Congress or the States. Such pow-
ers, by the 10th article of amendment to the Con-
stitution, are expressly reserved to the " people,'*
and belong to tife people of the Territories, not less
than to the people of the States. Residuary powd-
ers are unknown to our Federal Government.
This partition of powers, between the Federal Gov-
ernment and the people of the Territories, accords .
with the limited and cautious grant of the Consti-
tution and the great principles of republicanism. It
is also commended by its practical operation, as
exemplified in the history of the territorial govern-
ments of Florida, Arkansas, and Mississippi; in
the organization of which, Congress exercised only
the powers which my argument concedes. In thus
deriving the powers of Congress from the express
grant, to make all needful rules and regulations
respecting the territory belonging to the United
States, I am sustained by the concurring testimo-
ny of a host of distinguished statesmen. I may
also invoke the authority of our most eminent ju-
rists and commentators, of the broad construction
school, including Marshall, Kent, Story, and Ser-
geant, who are inclined to refer the authority of
Congress over the Territories, to the same clause of
the Constitution on which I rely. The argument,
that the right to acquire territory creates the neces-
sity to govern, is fully met by the fact that the
Constitution has pointed out the rnodeand manner
of government. Power cannot be implied against,
nor to extend an express provision; the rule of.
construction being, that " enumeration weakens a
power in cases not enumerated."
But it may further be objected, that my position,
if true, would confer on the General Government
jurisdiction in the States. So it does, in leference
to the mode and manner of selling the public lands;
but it is not "needful" that the federal authority
should be exerted for the protection of life and
property. These ends are amply secured by the
State Governments.
If, however, the gentleman from Illinois be cor-
rect in deriving the power to govern, from the right
to acquire, territory, that power would not be un-
limited, or reach to the extent supposed. The
powers of the Federal Government cannot be de-
termined by any isolated provision of the Consti-
tution, but must be limited and controlled by the
joint force of all its parts. When the various pro-
visions of that instrument are compared and ex-
amined, the absence of the power in question will
be manifest.
The second section of the first article apportions
representatives and direct taxes among the several
States on the basis of population, estimating slaves
on the three-fifths principle. It also requires an
enumeration to be made within every ten years.
This clause is the basis of political power in the
Union,and the measure of direct taxes. This basis
cannot be affected by the direct action of Congress,
nor should itbe indirectly, by confining population
to any specific area. It is prospective in its char-
acter, and applies to the new as well as the old
States. Confine it to the latter, and there is no
authority in the Constitution to take the census in
the new States, and no power to impose diiect
taxes upon them. The ninth section of the same
article provides that " no capitation or other direct
1 tax shall be laid, unless in proportion to the census
' or cnumeraiio7i hereinbefore directed to be taken.3'
It is thus demonstrable that the clause in reference
to representatives and direct taxes embraces all
the States. If this be true, is it not reasonable to
suppose that the framers of the Constitution anti-
cipated an expansion of the slave States with the
growth and settlement of the country?
This conclusion becomes irresistible, when we
reflect, that, without this expansion, the slave-
holding States must necessarily lose their relative
strength and influence in the Senate. For whilst
it is true that federal numbers are not represented
in the Senate, it is equally true that the character
of the population of a State determines the feelings
and action of her Senators. This conviction, I
fear, now hurries on those who are pretending to
|j fight under the banner inscribed, " Freedom to the
