1847.],
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
141
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Stephen Adams.
Ho. of Reps.
mind and body, why should the Government plane
the poison to the lips of the gallant seamen? The
mover of the amendment says that one half the
crimes committed, on sea and on land, have then-
origin in the use of ardent spirits. I go further,
and assert that nineteen-twentieths of the viola-
tions of law are occasioned by the use of intoxica-
ting liquors. Sir, if no harm can be sustained by
the seamen by the adoption of this amendment,
but, on the contrary, it will result in benefit to
him, both morally and physically, why not agree
to it ? I am aware that such propositions are often
treated with levity, and thoughtlessly laughed out
of favor; but, sir, I have seen children, uncon-
scious of their danger, sporting on the brink of a
precipice; yet, sir, I have never seen any more
reckless or unconscious of impending ruin than
those who are in the habit of indulging in the use
of intoxicating drinks. While it is admitted that
men have the legal, if not the moral, right, so to
debase and destroy themselves, it is not proper
that this Government should be longer a paity to
the transaction.
Mr. Chairman, when I obtained the floor, I only
intended saying what I have upon the amendment,
but finding myself entitled to its use for one hour, ;
and having in vain sought the opportunity at dif- !
ferent times since the third day of the session, I
must avail myself of the advantages of my posi-
tion, and submit my views of the causes of the ex-
isting war with Mexico, as well as briefly to reply
to some of the positions assumed by gentlemen on
the other side of this Hall. And first, I must say
that I have been greatly surprised at the strange
system of ethics avowed by some gentlemen on
this floor. They say that " this war was brought
on the country by the lawless act of the President
in violation of the Constitution, for selfish pur-
poses, for the acquisition of territory, to extend
his fame," &c.,&c.; yet, as the war has been com-
menced, they are for prosecuting it with vigor, and
compelling poor, miserable Mexico, down-trodden i
and oppressed as she is, to pay not only what she ]
owes us, but also the expenses of this war. Now, i
sir, I hold that he who brings about a difficulty is ;
answerable for its consequences; and the rule holds
with nations as with individuals, that he who com- ;
mences in the wrong will never get right by pro- j
ceeding and continuing in it: the further he goes in i
the wrong path, the greater his distance from the
right. I hold that, there is but one way of placing
our country fight, if these gentlemen are correct
that it was iniquitous in its origin, and that is, to
retrace our steps, jecall our army within the limits
of our acknowledged territory, apologize to Mexi-
co, and make reparation for the injuries we have
inflicted upon her. This is the only way by which
we can sustain the national character for justice
and fair dealing, if we are so much in the wrong
as contended on the other side. Indeed, I do not
see how gentlemen who voted for this war, which
they represent to be unrighteous and unnecessary, ;
can excuse oi* explain their conduct. An attempt
at an apology for their vote seems to be, that debate I
was cut off by the previous question, and they j
were compelled to vote for the declaiation of war j
with the preamble. Another is, that we had diifi- j
cullies with Mexico, which would have justified ;
Congress, the war-making power of the Govern- .
ment, to have declared war, but as it had not done j
so, and the President had usurped the power, and
precipitated the country into this war unjustifiably, '
they voted for the declaration. In doing so, I as-
sert that Congress not only legalized the acts of.
the President, but adopted them, errors and all, if |
there be errors. From that day it was the war of [
the country; Congress being responsible for it. If
we believed.it unconstitutionally commenced, for ,
the unworthy and unjustifiable purposes imputed .
to the President, it was a duty we owed to our- ,
selves, our country, and the sacred principles of
justice, to have voted men and means to extricate
'our army from their then supposed difficulties, and
to have disclaimed the acts of the President. He
would then have gone no further. Instead of this
course, however, we declared war, and directed
the President to piosecute that war. I ask, under
these circumstances, if it is fair, if it is manly, now
to turn round, and charge the whole upon the Ex-
ecutive, and thereby attempt to escape from our
just responsibility? I, at least, have no such dis-
position; I am willing to share my portion of the
responsibility; and the more readily, believing as
I do, that this war has been forced upon the coun-
try by the wilful and deliberate acts of Mexico,
and that the President has not taken a step, from
the commencement to the present moment, which
was not imposed upon him by the Constitution
and laws. If he had done less, he would not
only have been derelict to his duty, but Whigs
and Democrats, from one end of the Union to the
other, would have denounced him as imbecile,
feeble, and unworthy the high position he occu-
pies. ^
I have only time, Mr. Chairman, to notice,
briefly, the arguments advanced on the other side,
and to refer to well-known facts to sustain the
positions I have assumed. It is asserted "that the
' President commenced this war by ordering our I
' army from the Nueces to the Rio Grande, (that j
' being disputed territory,) and by this act brought j
' on the war." Wow, sir, I contend, that when i
gentlemen on the other side admit the territory" to j
be disputed, they admit all that the Administration j
needs to justify the act. It is not controverted that.
the President proposed a settlement of this ques- j
tion of boundary by the usual amicable method j
recognised by civilized nations—by negotiation. !
This peaceable proposition was rejected,as I think,
under false pretences, as was satisfactorily shown |
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Owen] some
weeks since, and his statements have never been
controverted, at least in my hearing. This Gov-
ernment had a claim to the territory. Mexico re-
fused to treat upon the subject. What was to be
done? Abandon it? If this doctrine is to prevail,
Great Britain, or any other nation, has only to
claim any portion of our territory, refuse to nego-
tiate, and occupy and retain it.
But it is said, the President should have brought
this matter before Congress. This, 1 think, is in-
correct. It was sufficient for the Executive that
one of the States of this Union claimed the territory
to be within her limits, and that claim recognised
and asserted by this Government. Knowing this, ij
he was bound to recognise it as our territory, and jj
treat it as such. To have done otherwise, would !!
have been an acknowledgment, on the part of the :]
Executive, that our claim was inferior to the op- j
posing one, and a virtual abandonment of that !]
claim, so far as it was in the power of the Execu- !|
tive to have abandoned it. To have asked Con-
gress, after it had, by solemn enactment, estab-
lished a port of entry in this territory, whether it
was serious in recognising it as belonging to the
State of Texas—whether we believed our title to
it the best—and whether our army should occupy
it at a point deemed necessary to defend our fron-
tier against an invading enemy, whose express and .
avowed object was to conquer and subjugate one '
of the States of this Union—would only have ex- j
posed him to the ridicule of the very gentlemen jj
who now denounce him for not doing so.
But, sir, if I be wrong in this view of the case, !,
I am satisfied that the President can be fully sus- ]:
tained upon the clearest principles of self-defence, i
It is well known that Herrera had been deposed '
in Mexico because he was suspected of being fa-1
vorable to peace with this country; and that Pare-
des was placed in power on account of his known i
hostility to the United States and* his solemn jj
pledges to reconquer Texas, That his army was :j
organized and marched with thatobject, his official :
| despatches leave no room to doubt. He ordered ,
j his general in command to take the initiatory-steps i
] for the commencement of the war on the third of :
j April, whereas General Taylor did not reach the
j Rio Grande until the twenty-eighth of March—the 1
l intervening period being entirely too short for mtel-
,! ligence of the fact to lmve readied Paredes. What-
I ever pretences his generals may have made, the
Mexican President interposed no conditions in his
' instructions; the command was to commence the
ii war: and it is a fact that he, nor any other Mex-
i' ican President, has ever denied that they com-
|l menced hostilities, nor pretended that they would
|! not have done so as readily at Corpus Christi as
, at the Rio Grande, or have adduced the march of
■ our army to that river as a ground for the war. :
jj They say the country to the Sabine belongs to ,
'■ Mexico, and they rather make a boast of the fact
i' that they did commence the war. It was left to
II honorable members on this floor, in their zeal to
i( put their own country in the wrong, to discover
that the President had commenced it. Now, sis,-,
what was the Executive, to do under these circura-,
stances, if I have stated them correctly ?—and they,
certainly cannot be denied by higher authority
than Mexican assertions, in the face of their own
official acts. The Executive was charged with the
defence of the country. Was it his duty to .waits
until they struck the first blow? Such is not the
law in individu^J conflicts. If a man has a well-
founded belief^Rtt another has a design upon his
life, he may anticipate the blow, and slay h-is ad-
versary; and it is self-defence. So with regard to
governments. If one nation, with or without a
declaration of war, threatens hostilities, raises an
army, and marches that army with the avowed or
apparent object of invasion, the other is not «nly
authorized, but it is its duty, to take such meas-
ures as may be necessary to repel the threatened
attack and defend the country, and, if it be necesr
sary for the more effectual accomplishment of this
purpose, to take and hold position in the enemy's
territory. Thus I hold, sir, that, admiiting, for
the sake of argument, that the whole country, from
the Nueces to the Rio Grande, belonged to Mex-
ico, from the hostile demonstrations made by that
Government, it was the imperative duty of the
President, upon the clearest principles of self-de-
fence, to meet the aggressors at such place—in
their own territory, if necessary—as would best
enable him to defend the country successfully:
and this more particularly when it is recollected
that this same enemy had invaded Texas once be-
fore, and perpetrated the most atrocious murders
ever laid to the charge of any people, savage or
civilized. All must know, that had our army re-
mained at Corpus Christi, the attack, if made,
would have been, not upaJ% the army, but upon
the defenceless towns and villages; it would have
been an assault upon defenceless and unprotected
men, women, and children, presenting a wide-
spread scene of plunder, desolation, and blood-
shed. It is also known that the Rio Grande was
the nearest point in what gentlemen call the dis-
puted territory where our army could have been
stationed so as to have secured a perfect defence
to our frontier.
I have thus attempted to show, that if gentlemen
be correct in their assertion that we have no just
claim beyond the Nueces, yet, upon the facts of the
case, the President, upon the highest of all consid-
erations—self-preservation, or the necessary de-
fence of the country, was compelled to do precisely
what he has done; as even if disputed territory, so
long as it was in dispute, he was bound to enforce
claim to it as just and valid. But I may be told
Mexico never would haveput her threats into exe-
cution. This is assuming very uncertain ground.
No one here supposed they would cross the Rio
Grande and attack our army; and yet they did so.
I have shown that a state of things existed in
Mexico that made it indispensable for Paredes to
commence hostilities with this country, or be hurl-
ed, in his turn, from power: thus forcing the war
upon us notwithstanding our overtures for peace.
And if its results should be unfortunate for her,
terminating in the dismemberment and loss of her
territory, as the price of her obstinacy and folly,
she has no one to blame but herself. Could the
President have done less than he has, and perform-
ed his duty to his country? The people of the
United States will answer the question by holding
tlynr representatives responsible, not for declaring
the war, but for tardiness in supplying the men
and means for its successful prosecution.
It will be observed in the view I have taken of
this subject, that I have omitted entirely the out-
rages upon our commerce by Mexico, the bad
faith manifested in her flagrant violation of treaty
stipulations, and the murder of many of our cit-
izens, (so conclusively enumerated by the President
in his message,) preceding the commencement of
open hostilities, and which make it imperative upon
us to prosecute the war, now it is begun, to a per-
manent peace; but I have met the gentlemen on
their own ground, and I trust I have succeeded to
the satisfaction of all impartial and unprejudiced
minds, m the entire justification of the President,
and in his, my own, and that of our common coun-
try. For, sir, it is far more important that we be
right, than that we be temporarily successful. The
God of Battles will not always smile on the wrong-
doer. The wicked oppressor may triumph far#
