M2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. %
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Stephen Adams.
Ho. of Reps.
season, but in due time his successes will be con-
verted into reverses and his own destruction. And,
sir, I say now emphatically, if I believed as some
gentlemen profess to believe, I would vote to-mor-
row to withdraw our armies to our own territory,
and apologize to Mexico. I would not be found
declaring- on this floor the iniquity of my country's
cause, and vote for sustaining that iniquity by an
aggressive war, which isdenounc^as a system of
plunder and murder, perpetrated-ljp>n a poor, dis-
tracted, oppressed, and unoffending people. Sir,
' it does seem to me that if any man, be he Ameri-
can or foreign, will take up this subject without
prejudice, and examine it attentively, he will find
not only a complete justification for every act of
our Government during the present difficulties, but
the strictest good faith in all our intercourse and
dealings with Mexico, from her first existence as
a nation to the present moment. And as the policy
of this Government has ever been to preserve the
most friendly relations with all governments, so
long as it can be done consistently with national
honor, it will always be a source of pride and
gratification to every American heart that his coun>
try is in the right, when compelled to appeal to
the " last resort" for the settlement of her differ-
ences with a foreign nation. It is unnecessary to
pursue this subject further; indeed, I could not
well do so without the risk of becoming tedious,
or of occupying ground already covcrcd by those
who have preceded mc in the debate.
An honorable member said a few days since, that
it was the duty of the Democratic party to sustain
the President, because he had been placed at the
head of the party. I do not object to this as a rea-
son for the action of others; but for myself 1 mu3t
say that I support the President m this, as well as
the other acts of his administration, upon the ground
that he is right. He has labored faithfully and
zealously for the preservation of the honor, inter-
est, and unquestionable right of the whole country,
and has nobly vindicated the national reputation.
For so doing, his actions and motives may be as-
sailed«and impugned on this floor, but a virtuous
and intelligent community will award him the
highest boon, which has ever been or can be be-
stowed upon a public servant or benefactor—the
approbation and gratitude of honest hearts.
I regret, Mr. Chairman, that the subject of sla-
very has been introduced into tins debate, and
thai an attempt is being made to hold the South
responsible for this; with what justice, a retrospect
of the histoiy of the case will determine. A.t the
close of the last session, when the " two million
bill*' (as it is called) was under consideration, a
member from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] moved
an amendment to the effect, " that any territory
s which might be acquired with the money to
4 be appropriated by the bill, should remain for-
* ever iree, and not subject to slavery." The vote
was taken, and the amendment agreed to. Im-
mediately, the bitterest enemies of the bill changed
their opinions and voted for it, while the original
friends of the appropriation were compelled to vote
against ir. This movement was supposed by the
South to have originated in excitement, and with-
out due reflection, (as there was no opportunity of
debating it,) and it was hoped that it would be
never heard of again. Early in the present session,
however, a Democratic member from New York
[Mr. Gordon] remarked, that although opposed to
the agitation of this subject, at that time, yet if the
vote was forced upon him, he would feel bound to
vote for a provision similar to the Wilmot proviso,
as he never could consent to the further extension
of slave territory. A Whig member from Ohio,
[Mr. Root,] in the most earnest and vehement
manner, called upon the members from the free
States to rally upon this question, asserting that
not one foot of slave territory ever should be added
to the Union, and that no man from a free State
dare dodge or vote against the proviso. Then came
the remarkable proposition of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Preston King,] to the same
effect, and his no less remarkable speech upon the
subject, by way of explanation. During all this
time not a word upon the subject fell from a south-
ern member, with the exception of the warning of
thegentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] call-
ing upon the South to be on its guard lest, should
additional territory be acquired, the North should
force upon the South the principles of the Wilmot
proviso. Now, sir, I ask, who are responsible for
the introduction of this agitating question in time of
war? Who introduced this firebrand into our midst,
when the emergencies of the country demanded
harmonious counsels and united energies? Even
those who charge the South with it, must sec, upon
the slightest examination, that she, as she has ever
been, is content to manage her own affairs, and
notto intermeddle with those of her neighbor States.
Is it strange that the South should manifest deep
feeling, nay, even resentment, at this constant in-
termeddluj^ with their domestic institutions, and
making them the subject of jeers and Uunts on this
floor? The Abolitionists are now so strong in
some of the free States as to hold the balance of
power between the two great political parties, and
when we reflect upon the many indications of the
desire of leading politicians, on both sides, to woo
and conciliate these fanatics, by truckling to their
nefarious schemes, it is only surprising that the
South should have exhibited so much coolness,
nay, apathy. And as a further indication of the
determination and purposes of the free States, New
York has a series of resolutions embodying the
principles of Mr. Preston King's proposition,
under consideration, which will no doubt pass by
an overwhelming majority, and will be sent here
as instructions to her thirty-four members on this
floor. The Legislatures of Pennsylvania, Ohio,
and Michigan, have before them, ana will probably
soon pass, similar resolutions; while members on
this floor from Maine, and other free States, have
declared their determined and unalterable purposes
to the same effect. We desire to meet tnis ques-
tion with as little excitement as possible—coolly,
calmly, and firmly. We would meet gentlemen at
the altar of reason and justice. We claim to be
the equals in political rights, in morals, in intel-
lect, in every desirable attribute, with the free
States. I ask gentlemen, if the case was reversed,
with what grace would they submit to it? We
hold that slavery, in its humane form, as it exists
in the South, is neither a social, moral, nor politi-
cal evil, but beneficial to masterand servant. Sup-
pose the South should be constantly annoying the
North with proposals to introduce slavery indirectly
into that section of the Union, and that southern
gentlemen on this floor would indulge in jeers and
taunts at the social and moral degradation of the
North j your overflowing almshouses, your crowd-
ed penitentiaries, and the vast amount of misery and
' want exhibited in your large cities, and propose to
introduce slavery indirectly, as a corrective and
remedy: would you not tell us, and with propriety,
to attend to our own affairs, and not to meddle with
that which did not meddle with us? But, sir, sup-
pose we were to say to the free States that slavery
is a moral and political blessing, and that its limits
should be extended as widely as possible; and
although we have no constitutional power to force
it within the limits of those States in which it is
excluded, yet as we are at war with Mexico, and
will necessarily acquire a large portion of her terri-
tory, every foot of that territory shall forever be
and remain slave territory; and, sir, suppose we
had a majority in Congress to pass such a law, how
ii earnest would be your remonstrances ! You would
say that you had shared in the expenditure of
blood and treasure for the acquisition of that terri-
tory, and it would be most unreasonable and unjust
to force such terms upon you. And I have no
doubt, sir, that gentlemen of the North would be
as clamorous for the constitutional rights of the
States to regulate that question, as they now sup-
pose us to be. Yet the case is still stronger on our
side of the question, than the supposed one on
yours. For you can go with your property and
reside in a slave State without being compelled to
own slaves, while we cannot take our property
into a free State. If, then, you would not be wil-
ling to accede to such terms, with what show of
justice can you attempt to force them upon us ?
But, Mr. Chairman, when we tell our northern
friends that the extension of slave territory does
not increase the institution of slavery, as the diffu-
sion of slaves does not increase their number, they
say: Ah, that is true, but if you continue extending
the area of slavery it will never cease. What, sir,
is this project nothing more nor less than by legis-
lative enactments of the Federal Government to
compel the slave States to abolish slavery, not di-
rectly, but indirectly ? They admit that the Con-
stitution protects us in our property, and that they
have no right to interfere with it; but they say
that, in a few years, Maryland, bounded as she is
by free States, will be compelled to manumit her
slaves; that the tendency of slave emigration is
South; that slaves are increasing, in proportion to
numbers, more rapidly than the whites; as the
country becomes densely settled, the non-slave-
holders will remove to the vast free territory of
the West and Northwest, until the slaves at no
very distant day will become so numerous that
they will be dangerous or unprofitable; and if there
is no chance for the extension of slave territory,
the owners will be compelled to emancipate their
slaves and remove them, or abandon the country
to them. Thus, sir, we can see the origin and
object of this move. And this is not all: it is a
direct legislative condemnation of the domestic in-
stitution of the South. Gentlemen assure us, in
debate, that they will respect our constitutional
rights, yet we have in our States an institution
which they consider a moral and political evil, so
much so, that they will forever prohibit its exten-
sion, even to territory which they acknowledge,
if obtained, we would have as much right to as
they have. And yet, southern men have been
taken to task, and severely rebuked, for warning
the North of the danger of a dissolution of the
Union, because of the palpable violation of what
we consider the constitutional rights of the people
in Territories as well as States. I am as much
, attached to the Union as any gentleman on this
I floor; the very thought of its dissolution fills me
with dread; no one can form a perfect estimate of
the value of our glorious union of States, nor of
the injury which would result to the human race
from their dissolution; yet it is the duty of states-
men intrusted with public affairs, to look to the
future, and guard against dangers immediate and
remote. We would say to our northern friends,
that we have rights too sacred and dear to us to be
surrendered and sacrificed even upon the altar of
peace. We desire the preservation and perpetua-
tion of the Union, and will make any reasonable
sacrifice for its accomplishment, but we cannot
and will not consent to be treated as infamous in
this sisterhood of States, on account of our State
institutions; we cannot consent to surrender the
common property of the whole to a portion of the
States, and that on the express ground that our
j State laws are so obnoxious to the majority on
j this floor that they feel themselves degraded, con-
! taminated, and guilty of a moral delinquency to
' permit them to exist where they may desire to re-
side. Sir, said Mr. A., I am satisfied that when-
ever Congress shall interdict slavery in a Territory
where it'does exist, and thereby emancipate ne-
groes; or refuse to receive a State into the Union
because of the existence of negro slavery, as much
as the South is attached to the Union, and sacred
as are the cords which bind the States together,
this glorious and beautiful fabric, will topple to the
dust, and the Union will be sundered forever.
Then, sir, what shall be done to avert so direful a
calamity? The South is willing to stand by the
! Missouri compromise, and to extend it to the Pa-
| ciiic, and in this offer we consider that we are
i yielding much for the sake of peace and harmony.
We conccde that slavery shall never exist north
of 36° 30', while it is optional with the States south
of that line to authorize or prohibit it; or, in other
words, have the boon extended to them of exerci-
sing their constitutional rights, and choosing their
own form of government.
Now, sir, for one, I am willing to state what I
will do, and I think I express the sentiments of a
large portion of the people of the southern States.
We are willing to abide by the terms and princi-
( pies of the Missouri compromise, and recognise
!' that line as extending to the Pacific, in the event of
'j the acquisition of territory by conquest, purchase,
j! or otherwise. We are willing to let this subject
|j rest forever, and leave to the people, when States
'l shall be formed, to exercise their judgment upon
! the subject, untrammelled by previous legislative
j interference. These we think to be fair and rea-
| sonable propositions: and we make them m a spirit
| of concession and compromise. But if Congress,
! ny its action, shall evince a determination that
I Taylor, Butler, Ctuitman, Davis, McCIung, Brad-
| ford, Smith, Campbell, Anderson, Henderson,
i Hays, Walker, and the other gallant and skilful
