1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Army Bill—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
officers and soldiers from the southern and south-
western States, who have so nobly signalized them-
selves in the brilliant achievements of our arms
throughout the contest—if these gallant spirits are
to have no right or participation m the territory,
in whose acquisition they bore so glorious a part—
if what was gained by the common blood and trea-
sure of the whole nation,*is to be exclusively ap-
proprialed to the use and benefit of the free States,
and' our citizens told that they cannot carry then-
families and property to any portion of the coufi-
try thus acquired, we say we will have no more
territory—not a foot. If you will not suffer us to
participate in the common acquisition, no more
shall be acquired. And we need not be told that
Mexico has no other means of making compensa-
tion. We know that she has not at this time, but
she may have at some future day, and I would
prefer holding her paper a century, rather than dis- j
tract, and perhaps destroy, the Union. Sir, seeing [
the enthusiasm with which the Legislatures of the |
free States have seized upon Mr. King's proposi- 1
tion, and by what overwhelming majorities of both |
political parties it is sustained—aware, as I am, j
that its object is the ultimate abolition of negro i
slavery—knowing that both of the great political
parties of the North are striving to outbid each ,
other in their efforts to conciliate the Abolitionists,
who, in their blind and reckless fanaticism, are
utterly regardless of law, Constitution, or any
precept, sacred or divine, where negroes are con-
cerned,—I am compelled to say, that southern men
must be blind to surrounding circumstances, if
fliey do not see in the proposition of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. King] the most imminent
peril to the dearest and most sacred rights of the
South, and more particularly if we should consent
to acquire territory to enable them to establish a
cordon of free States on our western border.
I know that it is asserted that this is a mere po-
litical movement, and intended as a bid by both
parties for abolition votes. How true this is I will
not undertake to say; I will not assign motives
to any further than their acts and declarations
clearly warrant; but one thing is evident, Ueaily
and palpably, and that is, that a determination to
exclude the slave States from all territory acquired
hereafter has taken deep root in the minds of the
people of the free States. And it is equally certain
to my mind, that if the free States refuse our offer
of concession and compromise, the peace and har-
mony—nay, the very existence of the Union—de-
mand that no more territory shall be acquired.
Honorable members tell us that their object in at-
taching the Wilmot proviso to the two million bill
is to let the South know what they intend to do.
If this be the motive—and I shall not dispute it, as
they know their own motives best—it is a lauda-
ble one; and as much as we deprecate the agitation
of this subject, it may prove beneficial in enabling
us to prevent a collision between the slave and free
States, more dreadful and disastrous in its conse-
quences than ten Mexican wars, it is always best
that members of deliberative bodies should under-
stand each other; and having informed honorable
members what we will do, and what we will not
do, when the vote shall be taken upon any test
terms, and we may expect in future to have our
rights respected. But this could not be done, in
any reasonable time, by occupying the country we
have conquered. Should such a plan be adopted,
we would have to maintain at each post an army
sufficient to repel the entire force of the enemy, or
he cut off in succession, post after post, until all
would be lost. To prevent such a result, not less
than fifty thousand men would be requisite as a
standing army—for how many years, must be left
to conjecture. It seems to me, therefore, that we
must prosecute the war with vigor, until we take
their capital: that conqueied, the nation surren-
ders.
"We have, Mr. Chairman, in this branch of Con-
gress, after some delay, voted men and money to
prosecute this war; but we have not voted taxes
to pay the debts we have authorized to be created,
and upon this subject 1 have thought it unfortunate
that we did not understand each other. If onr in-
tention is only to vote away millions upon paper,
without imposing war duties upon impoitations,
so as to convince capitalists of our intention to pay,
it will be difficult to procure the money, and we
had better not make the appropriations. The peo-
ple are willing to pay the taxes necessary for the
prosecution of this war, and they certainly will
never be more willing than at present, when every
patriotic heart beats high with aspirations for the
success of our arms, and rejoices at our glorious
and unparalleled victories. Experience has shown
that the best time to provide means for the pay-
ment of a public debt is when the people feel the
want of the money. The gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Toombs] was clearly right when lie said
tea and coffee were the most legitimate objects of
taxation for extraordinary purposes, being articles
of universal consumption, and because of the facil-
ity with which the law could be repealed when the
necessity for its continuance had ceased; and that
the only reason which could be given for not tax-
ing them was based upon the principle of protec-
tion. Sir, I hope, before the close of this session,
we will increase the revenues so as to meet the
extraordinary demands upon the treasury, occa-
sioned by the interest upon the war debt. The
tariff of 1846 is yielding ample revenue for all the
wants of government in a time of peace; but was
not calculated or intended to furnish means to
carry on a foreign war; nor can any tariff on im-
ports be so framed as to furnish the necessary
amount of money for that purpose, and least of
all, one that would exclude a large portion of im-
ports for the purpose of protecting manufacturing
capitalists.
Mr. Chairman, I find my hour has nearly ex-
pired, and observe around me many anxious for
the floor. At an early period of this discussion I
was desirous of an opportunity to defend the Ex-
ecutive against the violent assaults madenpon him,
and the many high crimes and misdemeanors with
which he was charged. But they have been an-
swered fully and completely by others more for-
tunate than I in obtaining the floor. The Presi-
' dent is not m prison on a charge of treason, nor
j before the Senate on articles of impeachment, as
| might have been reasonably anticipated in the
question, we will be able to ascertain the views and j; early part of the session. He is still at the White
determination of the majority. And if southern l! Hi^aro-ino-. hs he has ever done, faithfully
members agree with me, as I am satisfied a large
majority will, we can, under the treaty-making
power of the other branch of the Legislature, pre-
vent the consummation of their purposes. Sir, if
the benign influences of our political institutions
are to extend over this continent, it must be by
annexation, and not by the sword. They have
advanced with almost incredible rapidity under a
system of peace, and I have no fears of their per-
petuation and extension equal to our most san-
guine expectations, whether we acquire by treaty
any portion of Mexican territory or not
House, discharging, as he has ever done, faithfully
and ably, the dutie's of his high office, unharmed,
undismayed, and undisturbed, by the missiles of his
adversaries. I have been compelled, by the hour
rule, to content myself with a simple statement of
my positions, and the most condensed epitome of
facts and arguments to sustain them; but believing
them correct, I am willing to submit them to the
consideration of the committee, without further
elaboration, and trust that I have at least given
sound reasons for the course 1 have pursued, and
intend pursuing, upon the subject of the war, and
the incidental questions which have and are likely
I am asked, why is this war prosecuted? and if ji to grow out of it.
we do not desire Mexican territory, why not stay j1 I must avail myself of my good fortune in flav-
our hand, and retain the country we have already ,j ing the floor in Committee of the Whole, where
conquered until Mexico consents to a peace? I j' everything is in-order, to explain i\ y!0!e| ^|
answer, that our object is a permanent peace, j ' " " " *  
which, in my opinio'n, can only be obtained by
convincing that stubborn and deluded people that
"we have the ability and deteimination to redress
our wrongs, and that we have the power, were we
so inclined, to annihilate her. Show them this,
and then raaka peace on liberal and generous
own, and of the Democratic party, at the last ses-
sion. It will be recollected that a proposition was
made to increase the pay of our volunteers, for
which the Whigs and a large portion of the Dem-
ocrats, myself among them, voted. It passed this
House, and was sent to the Senate, and after full
consideration was rejected by that body, I belisve,
without a division. It was, therefore, known that
no such bill could become a law at that session.
The Democrats were in a large majority on this
floor, and were responsible for the action of the
House. They then felt it their duty to voteagainst
every proposition for increased pay, knowing that
its only effect was to trammel and endanger the
passage of other bills, and believing that it was only
an assumed zeal for the interest of the volunteer,
affected for the purpose of embarrassing the Dem-
ocratic majority.
Thanking the committee for their attention, Mr.*
A. yielded the floor to the most fortunate of the
many competitors for it.
THE ARMY BILL.
REMARKS OF MR. HOUSTON,
of texas,
In favor of Volunteer Forces,
In Senate, January 22, and February 1, 1847.
The following Bill, "To raise for a limited time
an additional Military Force, and for other pur-
poses," being under consideration—
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stiites of Atncrica in Oon%rc<s$ assembled, That
in addition to the present militaiy establishment of the Uni-
ted States, there shall be raised and organized, under the
direction ofthe President, for and during the war with Mex-
ico, one regiment of dragoons and nine regiments of infantry,
each to be composed ot the same number and rank of com-
missioned and non-commissioned officer;?, buglers, musi-
cians, and piivates, &c., as aie provided for a regiment of
dragoons and infantry, respectively,underexisting'laws,and
who fehali xeccive tiie same pay, rations, and allowances,
according to their respective grades, and be subject to the
same resummons, and to the rules and articles of war: Pro-
vided, That it shall be lawful for the President of the United
States, in the recess of the Senate, to appoint such ofthe
commissioned officers authorized by this net as may not he
appointed during the present session, which appointments
shall he submitted to the Senate at their next session for
their advice and consent.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, during the con-
tinuance ol the war with Mexico, the term of inhstment of
the men to bo recruited for the regiments authoi ized by this
act, shall be during the war, unless sooner discharged.
Sec. 3. And. bat juither cnactcd, That the Presidentot"
the United States be, and he is heieby authorized, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint one
additional major to each ofthe regiments of dragoons, artil-
lery, infantry, and riflemen, in the armyof the United Slates,
who shall be taken fiom the captains of the army.
Sec. 4. Jind, he it further enacted, That to each of th«
regimentsfrf dragoons, artillery, infantry, and riflemen, there
shall be allowed a regimental quartermaster, to be taken
from the subalterns ofthe line, whoshall be allowed ten dol-
lars additional pay per month, and forage for two horses.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the said officers,
musicians, and private?, authorized by this act, shall imme-
diately be discharged from the service of the United States
at the close of the war with Mexico.
Mr. HOUSTON proposed to amend the same as
follows:
Section one, line four, after the word "organized," insert
" an auxiliary volunteer coips.5'
Section one, line six, after the word "Mexico," insert "to
consist of."
Section one, line ten, after the word "laws," insert "and
the provisions of this act."
Section one, strike out the proviso, and, in lieu thereof,
insert: "Provided, That the volunteers composing the com-
panies ofthe respective regiments aforesaid, shall elect their
company officers as soon as the paid companies 5hall he fill-
ed ; and the said officers shall thereupon be appointed in
the same manner as hereinafter provided for the appoint-
ment of the field officer*. And the company officers and
men ofthe said regiments, respectively, shall elect the field
officers thereof as soon as all the companies of each legi-
ment shall have reached their place of rendezvous. And
whenever the aforesaid elections of company and field offi-
cers shall have been certified to the President, conformably
to s uch regulations as he shall make, he shall commission
the said officers so fleeted. When vacancies occur in the
said regiments, they shall be filled according to grade; and
where there is no "officer of inferior gtade to the vacancy
in the company m which it occurs, the same shall be sup-
plied by election and appointment from the rank and file in
the manner heretofore prescribed."
Section two, hue two, s>tnk« out the word "inJistment,"
and insert u«emrc
Seel ion two, line three, strike out the words "to be recruit-
ed," and insert "who shall volunteer."
Add the following sections:
i pEC, . ^qn(i he it farther enacted, That the colonel of
! each regiment shall appoint the regimental staff; and said
I start' snail consist of one adjutant, oife quartermaster, one
i commissaiv, and one paymaster, (to betaXen from the sub-
' alterns ofthe regiment,) and une buigeoa and two assistant
i swsreons. , m
i Sec.—. Jlnd beit further cruy.cted, That so soon as the sev-
j eral officers are elected, they shall enter upon their respect-
i ive duties snd so soon as they receive their commissions,
II they shall'take and subscribe an oath to " support tb# Con-
