146
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 22
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Army Bill—Mr. Housftm.
Senate.
through inadvertence or misinformation, or other
accidental cause, happen to appoint to an impor-
tant command one of the lowest subalterns. Such
a course could not but do much harm.
Every provision in the amendment, or substitu-
ted bill, was made to come as near to the character
and spirit of our institutions as could with propri-
ety be done. It was often said, and reechoed from
one side of that Chamber to the other, that the
militia are the great bulwark for the defence of this
country. Mr. H. believed it. But to give them
organization and a permanent service would not
render them less so. Thus organized, they would
be prepared to act in harmony with the regular
army. It did not blend the two descriptions of
force together, but it united them in a concert of
action. A force of this description would as much j
constitute a part of the army as the regular troops, j
Congress had the same power to create both. !
Mr. H., in concluding, observed that he could j
not but believe that every objection which lay ;
against the bill was fully remedied by the amend-'
ment he had offered, and he believed it to be com-
plete in its details.
He thought it would take but a little time to
organize our citizens for a state of war, and prepare
them for all the hardships and privations of the
camp, the battle-field, ana for victory. But, sir,
they must be volunteers; and, when they shall
have honorably discharged the duty they owed to
the country, they will return to the walks of pri-
vate life with credit, and the pleasing conscious-
ness of having given proof that they were fully
worthy of the confidence of their fellow-citizens.
They would show the world that volunteers could
endure hardships as good soldiers; that they were
no carpet knights — no hotiday showmen; but,
having from choice relinquished the sweets of
homebred ease for the hazards of the camp and
of the battle-field, they would return to their fami-
lies with the glory and renown of citizen he-
roes.
It is in war as it is in haste, always, that the
most evil precedents are established, and from the
consequences of which the purest patriotism and
the profoundest wisdom are rarely able to deliver
the country. The tendency of our Government
seems at this moment to be in favor of a vast stand-
ing army. Pass this bill in its original shape,
and you will then have a regular army of twenty-
seven thousand men; and, my word for it, sir, it
will be fastened permanently upon the people, un-
less they, in their majesty, when peace may come,
shall sever it from the Government, and tcaeh their
public men a lesson which will not be forgotten by
them through alt future time. This very act against
the volunteers will enter like iron into the hearts
of the people. They will feel, and not forget, that
the patriotic volunteers have been spurned, and the
regular soldier preferred.
[Mr.CRITTENDENhavingmoved tonmend the
amendment proposed by Mr. FJ oukton, by striking
out the words which made the field officers elect-
ive—the effect of which would be to leave those
officers to be appointed by the President—proceed-
ed to assign various reasons in support of his views,
and in objection to the plan of Mr. Houston.]
Mr. HOUSTON, in reply to Mr. Crittenden,
said he regretted that he should have been so un-
fortunate as not to have made his views and inten-
tions intelligible to the Senator fiom Kentucky.
He assured him that no member of this body en-
tertained a greater abhorrence of disorganization
in a military force than he did. The course which
he proposed appeared to him free from all the ob-
jections which the Senator had been pleased to
make to it. He did not propose, as attributed to
him, to carry into the army the practice of elec-
tions. It was as utterly foreign from his intentions
as any idea could be. He proposed that the troops
should be organized in the respective communities
where they were raised, or that those should be
taken which were already organized, and not to
postpone the election of officers until the companies
joined the army. After that, the necessity for
elections would be obviated entirely by promotions
according to grade, except in the lowest subor-
dinate officers of companies. There was not, then,
to be afforded to candidates for colonelcies and
majorities the opportunity to canvass the men, and
to tempt them into grog-'shops, as suggested by the
gentleman. Besides, his (Mr. H.'s) plan would
be to exclude all liquors and treating from the
army.
He believed that liquor had been almost as de-
structive to the army m Mexico as the guns of the
enemy; and he was the last person to encourage
disorganization, or recommend any measure that
would have a tendency towards it. He appre-
hended no difficulty, then, in the course he recom-
mended. If there were not a sufficient number of
companies organized, that had already tendered
their services to the Executive, it would be a very
easy matter to rendezvous them at some suitable
point, where they might complete their organiza-
tion, anterior to marching to Mexico, as had been
heretofore done. Such was the organization of
trpops we have had in the field, and who have ac-
quired immortal honor. This was the course pur-
sued by the volunteer regiments. Their officers,
who signalized themselves by equal skill and
courage with any who held commissions in the
regular army, were elected by their fellow-soldiers.
The last troops that marched to Mexico were organ-
ized at Pittsburg, and there they elected their field
officers when they were formed into regiments. It
was therefore no innovation on any rule estab-
lished in the United States. It was a rule by
which we have been governed for thirty years, to
his certain knowledge. Jackson, in the first place,
and all his officers who commanded volunteers at
the battle of New Orleans, were so elected.
Mr. H. said his view was, that the elections
should take place in moments of soberness at
home, when the men about to engage in an enter-
prise feel that organization will enable them to
give chaiacter to their enterprise, and sustain them-
selves before the enemy. They will select men in
whom they have confidence at home, where they
have opportunities to know the characters of the
various aspirants; and, after that election, all elec-
tions for field officers will terminate, and the pro-
motions will be according to grade, to supply va-
cancies; and thus they would be perfectly satisfied
when they left their homes. God forbid that he
should do anything to convert the volunteers into
a mob; nor would they ever become the Praetorian
bands suggested by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden.] Volunteers were patriotic
freemen. The Praetorian bands were the slaves
and instruments of tyrants, and were like the reg-
ular soldiers of the nineteenth century, who had de-
stroyed kings and rebuilt their thrones. There is
no likeness between them and volunteers. But
though he expected to see no imperial majesty in
this Capitol, he should do all in his power to sus-
tain such measures as would support the majesty
of the people. He advocated this plan because he
conceived it to be the best. The President, if the
appointments were left with him, would have to
appoint some forty field officers with whom he
was totally unacquainted, and therefore he must
rely on information which he could obtain else-
where. But the volunteers themselves, who are
men of intelligence, would appoint officers in whom
they could confide, from their knowledge of them.
Those who have already been so appointed are
men of other attractions than such as are to be
found in grog-shops. They are men of intelligence
and character. Would they, then, he asked, dis-
appoint the hopes of fifty thousand volunteers?
or would they place men over the volunteers who
were strangers to tlieni ? The consequence would
be, the officers and men would entertain no respect
for each other. Ho insisted that every encour-
agement should be given to the volunteers, and
hence he offered end pressed his amendment.
Mr. H., in conclusion, met some objections on
constitutional grounds, which honorable Senators
had raised. He contended that the power given
to Congress to organize armies implied a power in
Congress to^ay in what manner they should be
officered, and how those officers should be se-
lected and appointed. The officer's commission
was but testimony that he was recognised by the
Government. In pressing his amendment, his ob-
ject was not to embarrass the Executive, but to
give the President an efficient corps, and one
which would not prove ultimately to be more ex-
pensive than the regular army.
In Senate, February 1, 1847.
The Senate passed to the consideration of the
bill from the House to raise, for a limited time, an
additional military force, and for other purposes.
The bill was then read a third time, and the
question being on its passage—
Mr. HOUSTON rose, and moved to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs, with
instructions so to amend the bill as to conform to
the amendments (with some slight modification)
heretofore submitted by him, and disagreed to by
the Senate, while the bill was under consideration
as in committee of the whole.
Mr. HOUSTON said that he regretted extreme-
ly that he should have felt himself compelled to
occupy any more of the time of the Senate on this
bill. Deeming it, however, a measure of very
great importance to the country, as well as to the
organization of the army, he was constrained to
give the views which had influenced him to make
this motion. As to the war itself, he had uniform-
ly been of the opinion that it was necessary from .
its incipiency. He was in favor of the original
declaration of war, and he had also been of opinion
that it ought to be vigorously prosecuted. And it
was his wish, in submitting his amendment, to
place the army in a situation to bring it to a speedy
and successful termination. The proposition he
had made would, in his opinion, enable the Gov-
ernment to bring an efficient force into the field
with more promptitude than if we adhered to the
original bill. Numbers of volunteers were now in
readiness, and were anxiously waiting in expecta-
tion of their offers of service being accepted. It
was a time of great emergency; the season was
rapidly advancing; and unless the force contem-
plated in the bill should be sent speedily, it could
not reach the field of action before the spring. If
regular troops were to be sent, it was impossible
that they could be in readiness for effective service
until the season for action is over. He thought
that his amendment would obviate this serious ob-
jection to the employment of an additional regular
force. To inlist, and collect, and discipline a regu-
lar force of ten thousand men, would necessarily
consume many months, and, in the meantime, the
heats of summer will have commenced. The fatali-
ties of a southern climate had already been very
disastrous to our troops, and they are pregnant
with admonition as to the future. Great numbers
had been swept off, and hundreds who had escaped
death were still recovering so slowly as to render
an early return to duty impossible. If the new
troops could be in the field during the month of
March, they might, in that case, reach the table
lands of Mexico before the summer shall have so
far advanced as to render the heat dangerous to
those who were unaccustomed to the climate.
He would suppose that the force was to be com-
posed of regulars. Sixty days at least would
expire before many of the regiments could be filled
by the slow process of inlistment: much time
would afterwards be consumed before they could
be fully organized, and could reach their destina-
tion in Mexico, which most probably would not
be until after April, and by that time the sickly
season would have commenced. These were some
of the reasons which had governed him in submit-
ting his motion.
But his main objection to the bill as it stood,
rested on his opposition to a large regular army,
both on the ground of national policy and the ex-
penditure inseparable from it. Volunteers consti-
tuted a cheaper description of force. There were
no bounties for inlistment; no officers to be kept
I in pay while inlistment was going on. Let the
! process go on as rapidly as it may, many months
1 must be occupied in this service, and during that
whole period, the recruiting officers must be kept
in pay. The volunteers required no clothing of a
more costly kind, consumed no more rations, and
made no charge for quarters before they were
imbodied, and were sooner ready for service.
They were also willing to engage even to the end
of the war. One of the old objections which had
been urged against the volunteers was, that they
entered the service for too short a term; that they
engaged only for three months, a period barely
sufficient to enable them to reach their destination,
and have a few days repose, before their term ex-
, pired, when the whole camp was thrown into con-
i fusion, and the army appeared more like a mob
| than a well-disciplined and efficient body. That
! objection has ceased to exist, since it has been
