1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Army Bill—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
found that volunteers could be had for any length
of time; and it may be useful to advert briefly to
the history of our legislation upon this subject.
In the war of 1812, the greatest reliance in the
first instance was on volunteers. It was then
found that the limitation of their term of service
operated injuriously ; and the act under which
they were called into service, was repealed, and
twenty regiments of-regulars were substituted for
them. The act of the 6th February, 1812, autho-
rized the President to accept of the services of fifty
thousand volunteers for the term of twelve months.
The number required by the act could not be mus-
tered, therefore the system was abandoned, be-
cause it was thought that it would not produce the
desired effect.
The act of 29th January, 1813, authorized the
raising of those twenty regiments of regulars, each
regiment to be composed of nine hundred men, for
the term of twelve months. As well as he could rec-
ollect, these regiments were not filled; the Govern-
ment was disappointed in its expectations from
this source, and volunteers were again called for.
Greater inducements were then held out to them
than had been previously offered, and they were
afterwards regarded as a reliable force.
The same law which authorized the raising of
twenty legiments of regular troops repealed, as I |
have shown, the preexisting law calling for volun-
teers; and the subsequent act of February 24, 1814,
revived the acts of February and July, 1812, and
' fixed the term of service for volunteers at five years,
ordunngthe war. The last act authorized the Presi-
dent to accept the services of forty thousand volun-
teers, to be apportioned among the States, and by
the third and fourth sections authorized him to ac-
cept of forty thousand volunteers, to be commis-
sioned by him, without regard to the sections from
which they came.
This various legislation proved, that after all the
experiments made for carrying on the war during
the year 1812 had been tried, the volunteers, by
making their term of service longer, were consid-
ered to be equal to regular troops m their efficiency.
It was not, therefore, the name, but the material,
which gave character to the force. It was neces-
sary to lengthen the term of service, because time
must be allowed to bring them into a state of con-
formity to certain prescribed and indispensable
rules of tactics. The raw volunteer was superior
to the raw regular. It is when men become asso-
ciated together as volunteers that emulation springs
lip in their bosoms, and a degree of pride exhibits
itself which does not exist when they are merely
inlisted soldiers. With the loss of their name,
their pride and emulation are lost, because the one
is associated with the love of liberty and its tri-
umphs; and with the other, despotism and its cru-
elties, usurpers, dictators, kings, and royalty. A
spirit of rivalry induces them to submit to the re-
straints of discipline, and excites them lo efforts
by which glorious deeds are achieved. So far as
the volunteer system had been tried in Europe, the
highest expectations of their efficiency had been
fulfilled. In France, when all the Powers of Eu-
rope were called against her, armies of volunteers
were raised, which, by their discipline and valor,
obtained the most brilliant successes, and estab-
lished for themselves and their country an enduring
renown.
Wot to rely on volunteers, but to plaee reliance
on regular troops, appeared to him the strangest
picture which could be exhibited in our Govern-
ment. Why should there be greater reliance on a
regular army? Were they cheaper than volun-
teers ? If they were to be retained as a permanent
establishment for the purpose of any emergency,
or to repel an invading army, or to carry on war
against a foreign country, did not their existence
entail a heavier cost on the country ? A regular
army, it must be clear to every one, was inconsist-
ent with the genius of our institutions. He had
never heretofore felt any apprehensions of danger
from a regular army, be its number what they
might, whether ten thousand or one hundred thou-
sand; but since this bill had been under discussion,
since he had had an opportunity of witnessing the
prodigious influence which had been brought into
operation from every quarter, from persons who
had thronged hither in quest of military rank—
since he had seen the numbers of applicants for
commissions, he had become convinced that there
must be danger from an increase of the regular
force. Not that he looked for any immediate dan-
ger; it would be progressive in its effect; the malign
influence which would result was insidious in its
operation, but the result upon our institutions would
be not the less sure. Let the army be increased,
and we should see this Capitol, as well as the other
departments of Government, thronged, surrounded
by these candidates for office. Hundreds were here
at this moment, who had abandoned the useful
pursuits of private life, disqualified themselves for
all civil duties, and suddenly and violently fallen in
love with the profession of arms. Members of
Congress were appealed to by relatives, an# their
appeals were listened to, and yielded to, with a
readiness which menaced the safety of the Govern-
ment. He did not niean.to insinuate anything like
ccnsure on gentlemen who were thus wroughtupon.
They are influenced by the best feelings of our na-
ture, and it was only to be feared lest those feelings
should prove too strong for the interests of the
country. These applicants were drawn hither from
the very extremities of the land; they congregated
here, as to a common centre, and created an influ-
ence which might be felt, in its mischievous con-
sequences, through all future times; increasing in
their danger from year to year, and from age to
age. Before the evil became so great as to defy all
remedy, it was our duty to arrest its progress. It
ought to be remembered, that if the army was a
part of the tody politic, it was neither the head,
nor the body, but merely an arm, and by throwing
too much weight into that member, the more essen-
tial and vital organs would be weakened and de-
stroyed. And we were even expected to exhaust
our treasury in feeding and cherishing this danger;
so that if, from that cause, ruin should come upon
us, as it had come on the nations which had pre-
ceded us, it would be a ruin which we should have
won by purchase.
When volunteeis were called out in any sudden
or dangerous emergency, they rendered the ser-
vices required of them during their spccificd term;
they answered all the purposes for which they
were called into service; they became disciplined
and effective troops; and when all was done, tiiey
returned to the walks of civil life, with the proudest
of all rewards—the respect and gratitude of' their
fellow-citizens. It was not so with the regulars,
v/hose ties to society were rent asunder, and who
were cut off from the.associations of private life.
When the volunteer returned to his home, he ceas-
ed to be a mere consumer. He returned to be a
producer, not a consumer exclusively. Ceasing
to be a citizen-soldier, he had become a citizen
prod ucer.
In making these remarks he had no intention to
cast any reflection on the regular army. It had
engaged his earliest admiration, and his earliest
habits were connected with it. Every association
of his youth had been in the regular army. He
had known men who held high rank in the army,
and he had known soldiers in their ranks. He had
become well acquainted with their feelings. He
had known many of great worth, both as gentle-
men and as officers, and if they had returned to the
walks of private life, he would doubtless have es-
timated them as highly as citizens. He had noth-
ing therefore to say, he intended to say nothing, de-
rogatory to the officers of the regular army. The
aim of h is argument was against the dangerous ten-
dency of preferring regular troops to volunteers.
And he took this view, because a regular standing
army was less in accordance with the genius of our
institutions, and with our character as a free peo-
ple. It was our true policy to cherish every germ
of patriotism in the country, and not, after it had
shot forth and becomc vigorous, and grown to ma-
turity, to lop off the branches and leave the trunk
naked and desolate. Would it be wise or just to
say to the volunteers when they came forward with
a tender of their services, " Your offers are repel-
led, and you must be driven back to civil life.
Your generous ardor we are bound to repress,
because we cannot rely upon you with arms m
your hands, as we can upon the regular troops.
We are, therefore, obliged to throw you aside, and
to take regulars. If you come at all, you must be
subjected to severe restrictions. You shall have
officers to command you whom you would never
have clcctcd; men of whom you have no know-
ledge, and who have no sympathies in common
with yours, and to these you must yield implicit
obedience."
This would not be giving any encouragement to
that spirit of patriotism and self-devotion in the
country to which we must look for sustaining it in
a foreign war, whether brief or protracted in its
duration. Wc shall be compelled to rely on some-
thing more than regulars before wc get to the end
of this war. There would not be found a suffi-
cient number of regulars to inlist, while there was
any chance of their being received as volunteers.
There was one feeling common to all, which would
lead every man to yield to his own promptings,
rather than to the dictates of others, and to choose
under whom they would be disposed to serve. It
was a proper, a natural, a becoming pride, a high-
toned patriotic feeling, which made our citizens
willing to come forward in the hour of danger, to
serve their country, and, if needful, to die in de-
fence of their liberties; but it was a pride which
ought not to be curbed and kept down by hard and
unnecessary restrictions. Suppose the ten regi-
ments now required for the regular army should
not be filled, or found sufficient for the war, would
an attempt be made to fill the regular ranks out of
the volunteers? Such a purpose could never be
carried into effect.
Mr. H. then recurred to the legislation of the
last war in reference to regulars and volunteers, to
strengthen the views he had thrown out, and reit-
erated the arguments he had before brought for-
ward as to the superior cheapness and efficiency of
volunteers, and the ease with which, after the ex-
piration of their term of service, they would slide
back into the civil walks of life, without causing
any injury to the framework of society. He con-
sidered that the passage of this bill, according to
the shape which it might assume, would exercise
a powerful influence on the destinies of our coun-
try. It may form a precedent of a most valuable
and important cliaiacter,if we but follow the spirit
of the country as it now invites us, and will lend
its aid to give moral strength to free institutions.
If regulars were authorized, it would be an influ-
ence for evil; but if volunteers were preferred, the
effect would be beneficial. Let regulars be talsen,
and the impression would run through the country
that this course was adopted because the volun-
teers were not worthy of the confidence of the
Government, and that for the defence of the coun-
try the regular army only could be trusted. As
he had not been able to bring his mind to such
conclusion, he had felt himself constrained to take
the course he had.
That the measure had come to Congress with
the recommendation of the President—that a resort
to regulars had had the sanction of the highest au-
thority—was to him neither a ground of exception
to it, nor a sufficient inducement to favor it. If he
thought that a measure was wrong in itself, he was
not to be influenced to support it because it was
brought forward with the highest Executive sanc-
tion: convinced that it was wrong, his vote would
never be given for it. He was not sent hereto
hold his opinions in submission to those of any
other individual. If his judgment was not suffi-
ciently instructed to guide him ill a right course,
he still was obliged to feel tlvit he was placed in a
position where he must act by the best lights he
could obtain from it. In all matters, he was re-
solved to do as his conscience admonished him. If
he could take this bill m its present form, and
blindly vote for its passage against his solemn con-
victions of duty, he should feel he had no business
here. But while experience, with the aid of the
best lights of his own judgment, admonished him
to pursue an opposite course, he would pursue it,
regardless by whom the measure was recommend-
ed. He would look to the country only: he would
be directed by a single eye to its interests; he would
not suffer his judgment to be influenced bythe wish-
es of individuals, but endeavor so to act as to con-
fer the greatest benefits on the whole.
And, in conclusion, he could not do less than ex-
press his conviction,as the testimony of all history,
and particularly that of our own, that especially
must the public sentiment and public feeling be re-
spected in the conduct of a war. They constitute
the great power of the nation, and that administra-
tionwhich shall venture to separate itself from it,
will too soon learn that whatever else has happened,
they have deliberately put at stake the speedy and
