150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 10,
29th Cong 2i> Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Kaufman.
Ho. of Reps.
ther slavery nor involuntary servitude in any Territory oft
the continent of America which shall hereafter be acquired
by, or annexed to, the United States by virtue of this appro-
priation, or in any other manner whatever, except for crimes
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted : Provided,
always, That any person escaping into such territory from
whom labor or service is lawfully claimed in any one of the
United States, such fugitive may be lawfully reclaimed and
conveyed out of said territory to the person claiming his or
her labor or servicc
Mr. KAUFMAN rose and addressed the com-
mittee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: In the remarks which X propose
to submit to the consideration of this committee, it
is not my intention to reply to the low abuse which
was some time since uttered by a member from
New York, [Mr. Culver.] I have too much re-
spect for the State I in part represent here, for the \
Democratic party, and for myself, to do so. I !
honor and respect the great " Empire State" of
this Union, and for many of her Representatives
on this floor I entertain that regard which ability
and integrity are always sure to engender. But,
sir, when I see a Representative so far forget him-
self as to indulge in language unbecoming this
great Council Chamber of the American Union,
whether against the State I represent, or the party
to which I have the honor to belong, the words of
such a man " pass by me as the idle wind, which
I regard not."
Texas needs no eulogy from me, one of the
humblest of her sons. I-Ier history, though short,
is brilliant, and her acts are at once the monument
and vindication of her fame. Her daring resist-
ance to Mexican oppression; her immortal victory
achieved under the auspices of the lone star on the
plains of San Jacinto, resulting as it did in the
capture of the blood-stained tyrant who now " fiets
his hour" on the stage of Mexico; her deep-rooted
American feclingin resisting all the allurements of
European diplomacy, at a critical period in your
and her history; and the unexampled bravery with
which her "Rangers" have upheld the u star-
spangled banner'1 in the resistless charge at Mon-
terey, will vindicate her for ever from the puny
attacks of mushroom politicians, whose assaults
upon the glorious Constitution of our country are
equally harmless, yet not less glaring, than upon
the fair fame of the " lone star State."
Still less will I attempt to vindicate the Admin-
istration from the attacks of that member. Such
assaults, from such a source, will only have a ten-
dency to elevate it still higher in the confidcnce
and affection of the American people. The men
of this country have still running in their veins
American blood, and they will bring the Adminis-
tration and the country out of this war with honor
and with success. "The sword of Washington
is in Mexicu," and, although worn on an humble
thigh, it will make its way, with our army, to vic-
tory and renown. The present war hasalieady
added immensely to our storehouse of national rec-
ollections, and hay furnished examples for future
generations to admire and imitate. The sons of
every portion of this great Republic mingling in
the fray, will have their affections for the Union
rekindled upon the altar of patriotic sacrifice, and
thus, additional safeguards will be thrown around
the great charter of our liberties. Who, sir, pos-
sessed of an American heart, would, if he could,
strike from our annals the proud achievements so
lately added to it by a Taylor of Virginia, a Worth
of Massachusetts, a Hays of Texas, or a Parker
of Pennsylvania, whose daring exploit in burning
the Creole, moored as she was to the very walls of
the castle of San Juan de Ulloa, cannot be sur-
passed in coolness, courage, presence of mind, nnd
patriotic determination, by any act of heroism of
ancient or modern times? I am persuaded, sir,
there js none.
There is one attack, however, Mr. Chairman,
on the President of the United States, from which
I feel it my peculiar duty to defend him, on account
of the quarter from whence it comes. I allude to
•the violent and abusive language indulged in by
the New Era, (a press established at the city of
Austin, Texas,) in the absence of the regular editors,
against the Executive, on account of the proceed-
ings of General Kearny in Santa Fc—which attack
is now paraded in triumph in the opposition prints
as an evidence of public sentiment in Texas. Now,
sir, altfypugh every man in Texas contends for her
title to the Rio Grande, from Us mouth to its source,
and none more warmly so than myself, as my re-
marks at the last and present session of Congress
will prove; and although not one would submit to
see her despoiled of her territorial or other rights;
yet I am sure I speak the sentiments of an over-
whelming majority of my constituents, and indeed
of all Texas, when I say that they were no less in-
dignant than surprised at that attack. The people
of Texas entertain for the President the warmest
feelings of confidence and regard. Where is there
a man in the United States, who has proved him-
self a warmer and truer friend of Texas than the
occupant of the Executive chair? Who has more
zealously contended that the boundary of Texas
extended to the Rio Grande than President Polk?
Is he not now receiving the daily maledictions of
his political enemies on this floor and elsewhere
for sending the army, as he-was bound by his oath
to do, to the Rio Grande, to protect the western
boundary of our State ? And what excuse is pre-
tended as a justification of this unprovoked assault ?
Nothing more nor less than that General Kearny
has. as we have been officially informed by the
President in his special message of December 22,
1846, exceeded his orders ! Speaking of some reg-
ulations of General Kearny, purporting to estab-
lish and organize a permanent territorial Govern-
ment at Santa Fe, he says in that message: "These
have not been approved and recognised by me."
He further says: "Any excess of power exercised
by officers has resulted in no practical injury, and
can and will be early corrected,"&c.
What was the language of the President in his
special message communicated to Congress on the
11th of May, 1846? Alluding to the commence-
ment of hostilities by the Mexicans on the eastern
bank of the Rio Grande, he said: " The Mexican
4 Government, after a long-continued series of men-
' aces, has at last invaded our territory, and shed
i the blood of our fellow-citizens on, our own soiZ."
This opinion I am proud to say was concurred in
by a large majority of this House at this session,
and by Congress at the last.
In his last annual Message will also be found
this language: "The Texas which was ceded to
4 Spain by the Florida treaty, in 1819, embraced
' all the country now claimed by the State of Tex-
4 afs between the Nueces and the Rio Grande. The
i republic of Texas ahvays claimcd this river as her
i iccstem boundary, and in her treaty made with Santa
( Jlaa, in May, 1836, he recognised it as such. This
1 iras the 'Texas which, by the act of our Congress of
i December 29th, 1845, was admitted as one of the
' States of our Union." Such, sir, arc the just and
magnanimous sentiments of the President in regard
to the rights of Texas—sentiments which entitle
hini to the gratitude instead of the censure of every
true-hearted Texan. You may rest assured, Mr.
Chairman, that Texas is not yet recieant to dem-
ocuUic men and democratic measures, and every
attempt made to alienate her affections from the
man in favor of whose election nearly every heart
in Texas heat, will prove futile and unavailing.
With these preliminary remarks, which I should
have made at an earlier day but for the difficulty
of obtaining the floor, I will now proceed to the
discussion of the question involved m the amend-
ment proposed by the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilmot.] And here, sir, let
me rccur to a page in the instructive history of the
past, for it has been well said that "history is phi-
losophy teaching by example." We are told there
that the Cantons of Switzerland, after the termina-
tion of a long and successful war, were near dis-
solving their confederacy by a contention about
the spoils of victory; but we, more foolish than
they, are about, if not to dissolve this Union, at
least to weaken the sacred bonds of affection that
bind us together, and that have made the name of
an American citizen honored and respected in the
remotest corners of the earth, by quarrelling'about
what we expect will be the spoils of our victories
in Mexico.
Wc are now, Mr. Chairman, in the midst of a
war with a foreign Power. Rut, what is a thousand
times more to be dreaded than a war with any for-
eign Power, the progress of this debate has shown
that we are at war with ourselves. Our arms are
invincible, and victory will perch on our banners
when contending with a foreign foe; but when our
arms are turned against ourselves, liberty itself
must bleed and constitutional Government perish.
Would to God that my eyes had never beheld the
suicidal spectacle, which has been exhibited since
the agitation of this question! Would that the
most dangerous of all parties, that founded on sec-
tional and geographical considerations, had never
reared its horrid front within these walls! Who
does not imagine that he can almost now hear from
the lips of that sacred form (the portrait of Wash-
ington) looking down upon us with a countenance
of heavenly benignity, "frown upon the first dawn-
ing of every attempt to alienate any portion of our
country from the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ttes
which link together the various parts ?" How sad
are my feelings now, when compared with those
which animated my bosom, when a little more
than a year ago I entered under the banner of the
"lone star" the folds of this glorious Union. Then
all was resplendent with the brightness of hope.
The people of Texas felt that they were returning
as from a temporary exile, into the bosom of a
Confederacy whose bonds were never to be sun-
dered. In assenting to the overtures of annexa-
tion proffered to them by the voice of the Ameri-
can people, they were actuated by no selfish feel-
ings of interest, but their hearts first prompted what
their judgments afterwards approved. They im-
agined that concord and harmony would forever
pervade a Union cemented by the blood of your
and their fathers; and yet they have already heard
the jarring sounds of discord foreboding direful
consequences in regard to its perpetuity.
However anxious different gentlemen may be
for the paternity of the .amendment under consid-
eration, I envy not the fame of the successful com-
petitor for its meretricious honors. Although one
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Grover,] at the
last session, advised its introduction, another gen-
tleman, from Ohio, [Mr. Brjnkeriioff,] wrote it,
and a third gentleman, from New York, [Mr.
Preston King,] at this session, attempted, under
cover of a "personal explanation," to appropriate
its fancied thunder,—yet it will go down to poster-
ity as the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. The " Wilmot proviso" will continue
to be its name; but notwithstanding the solicitude
which the honorable gentleman exhibited for his
offspring at the opening of this discussion, I have
not the least doubt that it will die, " unwept, un-
honored, and unsung."
If I believed in omens, 1 would think it no favor-
able augury for the safety of his bantling, that ou
Monday last—the day set for the commencement
of the discussion of this subject—the usual invo-
cation of Divine Grace made at that desk by our
appointed Chaplain was not heard! I believe it
will die—if not in this House, in another stage of
its existence—from indications already given by
northern gentlemen, upon this floor and else-
where; and because I believe there is yet sufficient
independence and regard for the Constitution left to
secure its destruction. It will not do to tell us, as
was done by an honorable gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Grover,] that this amendment is ne-
cessary " to satisfy the great northern mmd." Did
the regiment of volunteers which had lately gone
from New York, and the two regiments which had
so recently gone from Pennsylvania, require any
" satisfaction" of this character ? No, sir. They
marched with alacrity to the field of danger, thus
furnishing a rebuke to the slander, that, before the
men of the North would be willing to fight for the
cause of their country, they must first know what
was to become of the territory they might perma-
nently win from the enemy. They went to bat-
tle, not for land, but to uphold the honor of their
country.
I have no doubt, Mr. Chairman, that we will
acquire territory as a result of this war. It is ne-
cessary to the vindication of our rights that indem-
nity should be made us for spoliations on the prop-
erty of our citizens, perpetrated long before the
commencement of this Avar, and for the expenses
incurred by hostilities originating with Mexico,
after she had rejected our proffers of a peaceful
negotiation; and if she has no other means of set-
tlement, (and I believe she has not,) the acquisi-
tion of territory must be the result. But should
this proposed amendment be adopted as a part of
the policy of this country, all hopes of acquiring
territory in that quarter are gone forever. The
South would never consent, under such a state of
things, to add any territory to what we now pos-
sess. The Whigs, north and south, are opposed
