152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 10,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Kaufman.
Ho. or Reps.
sandy foundation upon which the advocates of this
restriction have built!
I hold in my hand, Mr. Chairman, a speech de-
livered in this House on the 16th of last January,
by an honorable gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin,] in which occurs this extraordinary lan-
guage—extraordinary, considering that it comes
lrom one of the straitest of the sect of restriction-
ists. " California and other territories (says he)
* to which a declaratory law may apply, are now
i free. By the law of nations, then, the momenta
• slave treads upon their soil he becomes free. Sla-
1 very, then, must exist there, if at all, in viola-
' tion, utter violation of law. Jt cannot exist except
' by positive enactment. A declaratory law of Con-
gress, then, will only affirm the htw of nations
' and prevent a violation of that law." If slavery
cannot exist in California and other territories now
free " without a positive enactment," let me ask,
where is the propriety of agitating this question ?
Is the South asking this House for any " positive
enactment Does she ask the North for her aid,
legislative or otherwise, to spread her domestic
institutions? Never! She has not done so. She
wilt not do so. All that she asks is, that you ' let
it alone," as the Constitution has fixed it. Let me
again ask, why attach to this bill an amendment in
the nature of a brand upon all who reside south of
"Mason and Dixon's line?" Cui bono ? Will
nothing be conceded to harmony? nothing to the
pride and feelings of a powerful and patriotic sec-
tion of this Confederacy? Let me quote again
from the "Father of his Country," if, in the new
lights that have arisen to guide modern statesmen,
his "parting advice" has not becomc stale and
unpalatable: " You cannot shield yourselves too
' much against the jealousies and heart-burnings
4 which spring from geographical discriminations:
' they tend to render alien to each other those who
L ought to he bound together by fraternal affec-
i tion."—[Washington's Farewell Address.y
But the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,]
while he says that slavery, without " a positive
enactment," could not exist in California, except
in utter violation of law, says also that a declara-
tory law of Congress will prevent a violation of
that law, (the law of nations.) What, sir! will
not individuals who violate one law, violate two
or a dozen ? IIow will this declaratory law prevent
a violation of another law? Are there any penal-
tics in this amendment that are wanting in the
laws of nations? Is there any penalty at al] in
this amendment; or was there any in the North-
western ordinance, or the Missouri compromise
< act ? None whatever. But I have not time further
to show up the fallacy of such reasoning.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wil-
mot] said, that when his pioviso was adopted by
this House, at the last session of Congress, the
South acquiesced in its adoption. This I utterly
deny. There was not a southern member on this
floor whose name ostood lecorded in its favor.
They voted against it to a man; and when it was
attached to a bill sin ilar to the one now under
consideration, they voted against the bill itself, on
account of the proviso, although without that pro-
viso the southern Democrats would have generally
given it their support. And I might also here
remark, that some northern members who had
even spoken against the bill—among others the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Wintiirop]—
were so enamorejJ of the amendment, that when
incoiporated with it, they turned round and gave
the bill their cordial support.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wil-
mot] seemed indignant that the South should not
submit to the decision of a majority of the Demo-
crats, as expressed at the last session of Congress
on his proviso, as if blows would be received from
a Democratic hand with more forbearance than
from any other source ! I can tell that gentleman
that he knows little of human nature if he does not
know that the dearer the friend the more terrible
is felt the injury he may inflict, and the more bit-
terly will n be resented. But the gentleman is
slightly mistaken as to his premises. The Demo-
cratic majority of this House happened at the last
session to vote against his proviso; and as he has ac-
cused the South of what he himself and his friends
have been guilty, it remains to be seen whether,
having discovered his error, he will take his own
advice, and abandon hisamendment. Consistency
is, indeed, a jewel; and a conformity of action to
advice inspires confidence in the sincerity and in-
tegrity of the adviser.
I will now, sir, pay my respects to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr, Rathbun,] who im-
mediately preceded me in this discussion. That
gentlemanformally proposed to the southern Repre-
sentatives on this floor, that "if they would agree
to amend the Constitution, so as to strike out the
compromise feature of the three-fifths slave repre-
sentation, he would be willing that the South might
take their slaves into the new territory in whatever
numbers they might think proper." It seems, then,
that he does not oppose slavery because it is an
evil, either social or political; not because it was a
curse to the fiee population amongst which it ex- !
isted, as contended by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Pettit;] not because it was a sin; not at all;
but simply because it ivas to the South an element of
political power. I would ask the members of this
House upon all sides; I would ask the country,
whether this proposition does not prove the truth
of the remarks on this subject, made by my friend,
the able, independent, and patriotic member from
New York, [Mr. Strong,] that the agitation of
this question was a mere scramble for political
power. And will the country tolerate the agitation
of such a question for such purposes, at a time like
this, so near the close of the session, when so many
important measures are necessary to be brought
forward to secure the comfort of our soldiers, the
credit of the Government, and the triumph of our
arms? The gentleman complained that the South
had too many Presidents, too many judges, and
too many Speakers of the House ofPvepresentatives!
And is it a good reason, because the South may
have been somewhat more honored by the confi-
dence of the American people than our brethren of
the North, that their feelings should now be out-
raged, and the ligaments of the Union weakened?
It is true, the South has had a majority of the most
important officcs ; but while she held the majority
of the officcs, the North, through the agency of
the United States Bank, the protective tariff, the
internal improvement system, and the funding of
the public debt, had secured to herself the lion's
share of the finances of this Union. Virginia has
had, thus far, more than her due proportion of the
Presidents of the United States; but let it not tie
forgotten that she is literally " the mother of
States and of statesmen;" that she gave to her
sister States a Washington—" first m wur, first in
peacc, and first in the hearts of his countrymcn;"
a Jlonry, to thunder in the very ears of tyranny
the inalienable rights of man; a Jefferson to draft
the charter of our independence, " inestimable to
us and formidable to tyrants" throughout the
world; and a Marshall, who, for a third of a cen-
tury, expounded the Constitution of our country,
with an ability and integrity never equalled ! Let
it be remembered, too, to her lasting honor, that
she never asked nor received any portion of Fed-
eral patronage, in the shape of what, she believed
unconstitutional expenditures of the public money
—internal improvements; but, like her own Har-
per's Ferry eagle, " towering in her pride of
place," she nobly refused the boon! She, alone,
of the original thiiteen, never deserted the Demo-
cratic flag m a Presidential election; and when the
liberty of speech and of the press was invaded by
the "Sedition law," her resolutions of'98 con-
signed that law to the hissing execrations of their
contemporaries and posterity. It is to these causes,
more than to any other, chat she owed her political
elevation and unrivalled fame. " Principles not
men" has ever been her motto. Did she not, in 1840,
backed by South Carolina, Alabama, Arkansas,
and Missouri, repudiate both her sons, " Tippeca-
noe and Tyler too," and adhere to the fortunes of
New York's favorite son, (Martin Van Buren,)
while New York deserted him, and gave a major-
ity of 13.000 to General Harrison? General Har-
rison, too, was opposed to such a provision as this
under consideration; for we are told by a friend of
this amendment [Mr.-Pettit, of Indiana] that,
when Governor of Indiana, he used all his influ-
ence to prevent the anti-slavery provision in the
Northwestern ordinance from having any appli-
cation to that Territoiy. And yet, New York now
complains that the South had too much political
power, and too many of the offices in the Federal
Government.
Mr. GORDON. New York makes no such
pitiful complaints.
Mr. KAUFMAN (resuming.) One of her Rep
resentatives [Mr. Rathbun] had, and, as far as
he was concerned, by the proposal he offered in re-
gard to the slave representation, and the enumera-
tion he made of high offices held by the South,
gave conclusive evidence that oppositiori to slavery
with him was purely a question of federal and poli-
tical power. ^ The northern or free States have
now a majority of forty-four votes in the electoral
colleges; and on the admission of Wisconsin, they
will have a majority of forty-eight votes over the
South; and if, with that predominancy of numbers,
they cannot sustain their sons against southern
competitors, it would be a libel on the North to
intimate that anything but superior qualifications
and superior claims in the southern candidates
insured them northern preference. Yes, sir, the
North had now the political power, and she would
continue to have it. And how did the free States
get the political ascendency ? It is an interesting
fact, Mr. Chairman, that they are indebted for that
power to the magnanimity and uncalculatmg gen-
erosity of Virginia. Never dreaming of future
consequences, she ceded to the United States the
Northwestern Territory, now formed into the States
of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and, I may
add, Wisconsin; and never thinking of any con-
sideration but kindness to the slave, who required,
for his comfprt, a milder climate than the North-
western Territory, she agreed, by the vote of all
her Representatives in the Congress of the United
States, viz: Messrs. Grayson, Carrington, and
Richard Henry Lee, to that provision in the North-
western Ordinance, which forever prohibited sla-
very in said Territory. Indeed, every southern
Representative in the Congress of the United States,
and every northern member, except Mr. Yates,
from New York, (then a slave State,) voted for
this ordinance. The South thus unanimously agreed
to give the free States a territory and a power
which, unless her magnanimity should awaken a
perhaps slumbering feeling of gratitude in the
bosoms of the northern Representatives, and par-
ticularly those from the States formed out of Vir-
ginia's magnificent donation, may enable them to
weaken the South, and endanger her security. It
is for the Representatives of the North to say
whether this gift of Virginia is to be an instrument
in the hands of a northern Delilah, to shear the
South of the locks of her strength, and thus to
endanger this glorious edifice of freedom, whose
sudden rise and beautiful proportions are the won-
der and admiration of the whole world.
Notwithstanding the outcry which has been
made against the South upon this floor, yet his-
tory will show that the North has gradually en-
croached upon the rights of the South, from the
commencement of our Union to the present time;
and this is the third act in the drama. In the
course of my remarks connected with the Mis-
souri compromise and the history of Texas, this
position will be clearly established.
When the Constitution of the United States went
into operation, every State, but one, had slaves
within its limits. It appears by the census of 1790,
the first that was taken under the Constitution,
that at this period, more than a year after the
Government went into operation, New Hampshire
had 158 slaves within her limits; Rhode Island
952; Connecticut 2,759; Pennsylvania 3,737; New
Jersey 11,423; New York 21,324; while the State
of Georgia had but 29,624. Massachusetts is the
only exception, although it was not until the year
1783, that it was positively known to the people of
that Commonwealth whether slavery lawfully ex-
isted there or not. Bradford, in the second volume
of his History of Massachusetts, says, (pages 226
and 227,) that a judgment of the supreme judicial
4 court m Massachusetts, in the course of this year
' (1783) given in the county of Worcester, was a
i final decision unfavorable to the existence of sla-
' very in Massachusetts." " Many slaves," says
Mr. "Bradford, " were holder) in bondage within
the Province (of Massachusetts) until the Revolu-
tion;" although, the writer continues to say, " the
'odious and highly criminal traffic of human be-
' ings (the African slave-trade) was never allowed
' in Massachusetts." It seems, then, slaves were
held even in Massachusetts up to the time of our
Revolution, whether sanctioned by their laws or
