184.7.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Kaufman.
Ho. 0¥ Reps.
not. I find by the Encyclopedia Americana, that
even as late as 1832, the writer remarks that there
" are 2,246 slaves in New Jefsey; 386 m Pennsyl-
' vania, and a few survivors of former times in New
' York, Connecticut, and Rhode Island." Leav-
ing out of the calculation the States of New Hamp-
shire, Rhode Island, Connecticut, and Pennsylva-
nia, on account of the small number of their slaves,
it will be found that there were still eight of the
original thirteen States which were slave States at
the adoption of the Constitution of the United
States. And now, how comes it that a Constitu-
tion made by a majority of slave States can be so
construed, without any alteration, as to strike a
blow at the very institutions which existed in the
States that created it? The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is either violative of the
Constitution, or the framers of that invaluable in-
strument were not the sage men we have always
so fondly considered them.
In the progress of events a new empire is added
to onr Federal Union. Louisiana is ceded to us
by France in 1803. The opposition to this glori-
ous measure being foiled by the overwhelming
voice of the American people, turned their batter-
ies against the permission of slavery there. Un-
prepared for this attack when the State of Lou-
isiana was admitted in 1812, upon the applica-
tion of Missouri, m the year 1818, for admission
into the Union, the storm burst forth in all its
fury. Yes, sir, although Missouri applied in the
early part of 1818 for admission, it was not until
the 26th of February, 1821, after many trials and
dangers in her way, that her admission was con-
summated. And what occurred, Mr. Chairman,
during the clamor of opposition against the admis-
sion of Missouri into the Union? An immense
territory was ceded to Spain to conciliatc this north-
ern influence. Texas—the State which I have the
honor in part to represent, and the title of the U ni-
ted States to which, in the language of John duin-
cy Adams, "was as clear as their title to the Island
of Orleans"—was ceded by this same Mr. Adams,
then Secretary of State, to Spain, on the 22d of
February, 1819, in part, for the relinquishment of
the right of Spain to the territory of Oregon. Here
was slave territory bargained away for free. It is
true that the South obtained Florida, but what is
Florida in comparison to the boundless and fertile
prairies of Texas, extending from the 26th to the
42d degree of north latitude, and six times as large
as Scotland and Ireland combined? Mr. Chair-
man, I do not speak at random in saying that
Texas was ceded to Spain paitly to satisfy the
feelings of opposition engendeied towards the South
by the agitation of the Missouri question. In a
letter from Mr. Monroe, who was President of the
United States aUhe time of this surrender, address-
ed to General Jackson, dated May 23, 1820, apol-
ogizing for this treaty, which may be found ill
vol. 67, Niles's Register, pages 343-4, he says:
" The Missouri question has excited feelinc* and laised
difficulties which did not e.\i^t lit'foie. *
Having long known the repugnance with winch tiie eastern
poitioa of onr Union, or rather s-onie ol tho?e who have en-
joyed its confidence, (for I do not think that tile people
themselves have any interest or wish ol that kind,) ha\e
seen its aggrandizement to the West and South, I have hecn
decidedly ol opinion that we ought to he content with Flori-
da for the present, and until the public opinion in that quarter
shall be reconciled to any fmther change. I mention these
eircumf-tances to showyou that our difficulties ate not with
Spain alone, but are hlcetrise internal, pioceedmg from va-
rious causes, which certain men are piompt to seize and
turn to the account ot their own amhuiras I'lcirs."
Here, sir, we have the statement of the (then)
President of the United States of the causes which
led to the surrender of Texas. It was the ambi-
tious views of northern or eastern politicians, (not
of the people;) and the re-acquisition of Texas m
1845, by the voice of the northern people, in op-
position to northern politicians, secrct circular men,
and all, shows the propriety of the distinction
made by President Monroe between the people and
the politicians.
But, sir, this surrender of Texas did not satisfy
the eastern politicians. Missouri was not to be
permitted to select for herself her own domestic
institutions, and thus enjoy the rights guarantied
by the Constitution to every State; but her applica-
tion was to be rejected unless she abolished slavery
then existing within her limits. This difficulty
was, however, after a protracted struggle, compro-
mised, and, as the patriot trusted, forever; but the
discussions of this session have shown how falla-
cious are the best-founded hopes, when they con-
flict with the ambitious views of politicians. The
South finding they were the weaker in numbers,
agreed to what is called the Missouri compromise,
which is in these words:
" Srr. 8. And be it further enacted, That in aHthatterri-
tory ceded by France to the United States under the name
of Louisiana, which Hps north of 36° 30' north latitude not in-
cluded within the limits of the State, [of Missouri,] slaverv
and involuntary servitude, otherwise than in the punishment
of crimes whereof the parties shall h<ive been duly convicted,
shall be, andis hereby, forever prohibited : Provided, always,
That any person escaping into the same, from whom labor or
service is lawfully claimed in any State or Territory of the
United States, such fugitive may be lawfully reclaimed and
conveyed to the person claiming his or hei labor or service
as aforesaid."
(The line of 36° 30' is the southern boundary of
the State of Missouri.)
This compromise forever secured the prepon-
derance of political power in the North. It secured j
one of the grand objects of the politicians, and, j
that being attained, it is to he hoped that they will |
not push their plans, originally conceived for a
purpose already accomplished, to a point that will
endanger the integrity of this Union.
This compromise, Mr. Chairman, has been bit-
terly denounced by many gentlemen who have ad-
vocated the amendment now under consideration.
It has been represented as a trick, a cheat upon the
North; and its northern supporters have been held
up to public condemnation as traitors to the sec-
tion of country which they represented. Never :
was there a more totally unfounded statement i
made in the face of the world. It is a fact, that I
only seven members from the northern States, out of-
the one hundred and twenty-seven ivhich the North \
then had in both Mouses of Congress, voted against the 1
Missovri compromise line. Does it not bear inter- '
pal evidence of its being a northern measure ? Is i
it not concession and guarantee to the North, :
without any concession or guarantee at all to the ;
South ? But the object of this misrepresentation .
is palpable. It is now for the purposes of politi- !
cal power, (as has been openly avowed on this ,
floor;) to make that unpopular which was put '
upon the South by northern votes, and acceded to !
by but a small majority of southern members, for i
the sake of conciliation, harmony, and with an j
earnest desire for the preservation of the Union. |
Let us look into the imperishable record of this j
" compromise," and see whether it is deserving I
of being "kept" by the American people. The |
South this day, as one man, stand up for its ob- |
servance; and it is for the men of the North to \
answer the fearful question propounded to them, j
Will you do likewise? I ask the record—is the 1
Missouri compromise of northern or southern ori- j
gin? Perhaps its paternity, if traced, may re- i
vive that attachment for its offspring that is en- |
joined by a law of nature. Well, then, sir, it is i
of northern extraction. It was first proposed in t
the United States Senate by the Hon. Jesse B. |
Thomas, a Senator from the State of Illinois, and j
afterwards introduced into this House by Mr.
Storrs, a very distinguished member from the
State of New York. As this compromise was the
best that could be done for the South—as it seem-
ed to secure some portion of the acquisitions made :
for the Union by her immortal son, Thomas Jef- ii
ferson, for the benefit of the South—we may say,
how appropriately did it come from a representa- j!
tive of the sovereignty of Illinois !—a State which ij
had been yielded by Virginia to the North, and i|
which, with Indiana and Ohio, had given her the |i
preponderance of political power ! '!
And here, Mr. Chairman, I cannot refrain, as a ;j
Representative of the South, from paying the trib- |;
ute of my respect to a distinguished son of Illinois, "
[Mr. Douglass,] of this House, not only for his !
manly struggle in favor of the State I in part rep-
resent, and all the compromises of the Constuu-
tion, but for the fearless and patriotic manner in ;
which, when the North was eloquently appealed '
to, early in the session, by the able gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Dvroan,] to know whether any :
one of them would stand by the Missouri compro- !
mise, he was the first to rise in his place and de-
clare that he would abide by it in its spirit and :
letter. It came appropriately, and with peculiar
effect, from the Representative of a State which i
gave birth to the compromise, and showed j
that the spirit which originated it is not yet ex-
! tinct. Although, after this session, this Hall will
, not be enlightened and instructed by the eloquence
• of this distinguished Representative, we may ex-
| press our gratification that he has been transferred
! to a higher sphere, in the other end of this Capitol,
j where he will supply the place, as he has illustra-
| ted the principles, of the author of the Missouri
j compromise.
j And I would be doing injustice to my feelings
, were I not to return my thanks to another distin-
' guished son of Illinois, [Mr. McClernand,] and
j to a distinguished Representative, [Mr. C. J. Int-
I gersoll,] of my native State, Pennsylvania, which
j is now, and always has been, among the foremost
! to rush to her country's standard, for the prompt
| manner in which they disavowed the apparently ex
| cathedra remarks of the gentleman from New York,
! [Mr. Grover,] m regard to the course that north-
i ern members would pursue upon the question now
, under consideration. There is a number of other
i gentlemen from the North who, when the time
; comes, will not be found wanting in their duty to
themselves and their country, notwithstanding the
• denunciations so improperly promised them from
! their constituents by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Grover,] and thegentleman from Maine,[Mr.
Hamlin.] Those gentlemen will find that they are
i much mistaken when they supposethataMthemem-
1 hers of this House come here to vote merely to se-
! cure their reelection, or to cater to and foster pre-
l judices fatal to the perpetuity of this Union, and
violative of those principles of equality and justice
which lie at the basis of our Constitution.
When the Missouri compromise was adopted,
there were twenty-two States in the Union, eleven
free States and eleven slave States, and of course
the representation in the Senate was equal, with a
! northern Vice President, (Daniel D. Tompkins,
• of New York;) while, in the House of Represent-
: atives, the North had one hundred and five mem-
| hers, and the South had but eighty-one; giving a
i majority of twenty-four to ,the North. And yet
; the Missouri compromise was adopted in the Sen-
1 ate by 34 ayes, to 10 noes; and in the House by
I ayes 134, noes 42. Every Senator from the free
' States, except the tiro from Indiana, voted for the
; Missouri compromise line; and every member
, from the free States in the House of Represent-
' atives, except three from Massachusetts, one
I from New Hampshire, and one from New York,
also voted the same way. And whilst we find the
northern members voting with such extraordinary
unanimity in favor of this measure now repudiated
by so many of their successors, we find such men
as Samuel Smith, of Maryland; Louis McLane,^
of Delaware; Floyd and Nelson, of Virginia;
Lewis Williams, of North Carolina; Joel Craw-
ford and Cuthbert, of Georgia; William R. King,
of Alabama; Richard M. Johnson, of Kentucky,
and Williams, of Tennessee: southern men of such
high character and unquestioned patriotism, back-
ed by majorities, although sftall, from the South
in both Houses of Congress, as will justify their
successors at this day in following their example
It is an interesting fact, that this Missouri compro-
mise was adopted in the House of Representatives
on the 2d of March, 1820, the very day on which,
sixteen years afterwards, Texas declared her inde-
pendence; and which opened the way for the re-
newal of that compromise by the American people
themselves in regard to Texas, for the Missouri
compromise now constitutes a part of the consti-
tution of her State, the only State in the Union of
which that can be said.
1 have stated that every Senator from the free
States, except the Senators from Indiana, voted in
favor of this compromise. Among them were Ru-
fus King, then a Senator from New Tfork, and for-
merly a Representative of Massachusetts in the
Federal Convention, which framed the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and one of the most
strenuous of the Missouri restrictionists; and Har-
rison Gray Otis,Senator from Massachusetts, who,
as late as 1835, made Fanueil Hall ring with his
eloquent denunciations against the mad crusade
of Abolitionism carried on against the venerated
Constitution of our country. And yet, is it not
strange that a compact ratified with such extraor-
dinary unanimity by the whole North and acqui-
esced in by a majority of the South, should so soon
be repudiated by a majority of the North? What a
sudden change has come over the spiiitof the north-
