154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 10,
29th Conr 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Kaufman.
Ho. of Reps.
em dream! Is the present generation wiser and bet-
ter than their immortal ancestors, the framers and
protectors of the glorious Constitution under which
we live ? An honorable member from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. WikthropJ in his speech made a few
weeks since, on the subject of slavery in any ter-
ritory that might be acquired, at the same time
avowing his opposition to the acquisition of any
more territory, and* thus virtually disavowing the
policy of our securing indemnity for the expenses
of the war and the payment of acknowledged dues
owing to us by the Mexican Government, said: "I
* have no time to discuss the subject of slavery on
{ this occasion, nor should I desire to discuss it in
i this connexion if I had more time. But I must
'not omit a few plain words on the momentous
1 issue which has now been raised. I speak for
* Massachusetts—I believe I speak the sentiments
* of all New England and of many other States out
4 of New England—when I say that, upon this
' question, our minds are made up. So far as we
' have power to control political events, we arc re-
' solved that there shall be no further extension of
' the territory of this Union subject to the institu-
tions of slavery. This is not a matter to argue
4 about with us. My honorable friend from Georgia
* [Mr. Toombs] must pardon me if I do not enter
into any question with him whether such a policy
1 be equal or just." And so, sir, as far as the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is concerned, the South
is to be robbed of her rights by the strong arm of
political power; and the blow is not to be soften-
ed even by a single word of conciliation or reason
for such course. Their minds are made up ! This
is not a question to argue about with them ! We are
to be struck without even being heard ! Such lan-
guage, sir, from the immediate Representative of
the cradle of American liberty is calculated to
awaken feelings of indignation in every southern
bosom, and to make the Representatives of the
people pause before they leap into the awful chasm
yawning before them. t)oes it not show the grasp-
ing and unscrupulous character of political power,
that its morbid appetite grows with what it feeds
on, and that concessions only whet the desire for
further encroachments upon the weak?
But, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Hamlin,] the gentleman from New York,
[Mr, Grover,] and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
VtvTON,] say that the Missouri compromise line
has nothing to do with the territory hereafter to be
acquired; that it only applied to the country then
belonging to the United States. This is a distinc-
tion made, as Mr. Monroe would say, by the poli-
ticians, and not by the people of the North. It is
the absurd construction of alaw which sacrifices
the spirit to the letter. If the country east of the
Rio Grande, and south of thirty-six and a half de-
grees north latitude, should be permitted to choose
whether slavery shall exist there or not, why should
they not, if territory is acquired, be permitted to have
choice west of theftio-Grandc and south of that
line? But let us &ee whether this distinction is not
one of the politicians, and whether the people have
not repudiated it. Texas was ceded to Spain in
1819, and the Missouri compromise was adopted ;
m 1820. it did not, therefore, that is, its letter did !
not, extend to Texas—Texas that was put out of ,
the Union by the politicians in 1819 to propitiate the ]
anti-slavery sentiment, and was brought in in ac- i
oordance with the voice of the American people, j
North and South, expressed in tones of thunder in j
1844. The Missouri compromise covenant was i
again renewed by the American people, and ex- '
tended to territory that did not belong to the Uni-
ted States at the time of the adoption of the Mis-
souri compromise line—a thing which the politicians
say shall not^be done now. What say the annex-
ation resolutions passed in Congress by the repre-
sentatives fresh from the field of victory achieved
under the banner of annexation? Here is an ex-
tract :
" Such States? uiay be formed out of that portion of the
territory of Texas lyiri^ south of 36° 30' north latitude, com-
monly known as the Missouri compromise line, shall be
admitted into the Union with or without slavery, as the peo-
ple of such Sutc risking admission may desire. And m such
State or States as may be formed out of said territory north
of said Missouri compromise line, slavery or involuntary
servitude (except for crime) shall be prohibited."
How does this provision of the annexation reso-
lutions, incorporated into the constitution of Texas,
correspond with the declaration of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. King,] in his "personal
explanation,"made to this House on January 5th,
1847, " that every inch of Texas was yielded to sla-
very?'5 He shotild have said, that every inch of Tex-
as north of 36° 30' teas guarantied to freedom, while
south of that line the people to ere left free to choose.
  For this provision in the annexation resolutions,
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Groyer] and I
believe the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hamlin]
voted, in obedience to the will of the people of New
York and Maine, expressed in 1844. Here, then,
they went beyond the territory belonging to the Uni-
ted States at the time of the adoption of the Missouri
compromise. But in answer to this, it is said that
slavery existed in Texas, and that it existed in the
territory purchased under the name of Louisiana,
but that it does not exist in California. It is true
that slavery did exist in some parts of Texas and
of the Louisiana Territory, but no slavery existed
north of 34° in Texas, and consequently none in
that immense territory lying between the Red river
and Arkansas south of 36° 30', west of the State
of Arkansas, which, by the votes of those gentle-
men, were thrown open to slavery. According to
their doctrines now advanced, they should have
made a new compromise line, and fixed it at 34°
north latitude. But this is evidently an after-
thought, and a desire to altera "fixed fact:" fixed,
because it belongs to the past and cannot be alter-
ed—and that is, that the Missouri compromise line
was extended into Texas because it had been so allowed
in regard to the Louisiana Territory, and became the
compact made in 1820, originating with the North,
and sanctioned by the South, was regarded as sacred,
and as a settlement forever of this vexed question.
Gentlemen may attempt to twist and turn the sub-
ject as they may, but " to this complexion it must
come at last." These were the reasons, and the
only reasons, for that course. It was not because
of slavery in Texas, for this argument proves too
much, as it gives a number of degrees of latitude
and longitude to slavery where a slave had never
been, and where indeed the white man had scarcely
ever penetrated.
To warrant this inference, the remarks of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Grover] conclu-
sively tend; for he, by way of justifying himself,
charges the South with voting against any restric-
tions in regard to slavery in Oregon at the last ses-
sion of Congress, and thus themselves forgetting
the Missouri compromise. This, Mr. Chairman,
is a weak argument, and will be a flimsy shield
against the attacks of an awakened conscience, or
the indignation of a betrayed people, should the
worst consequences flow from the agitation of this
question. I have always believed that one error
would not justify another. It must be recollected,
that however the South may have voted on that
question, or may vote on any question of a sec-
tional character, it is a matter of no consequence
whatsoever, as the northern or free States have a
majority of forty-six votes in this Hall, and can
control any vote of the South, while a vote of the
North against us can effect any object within the
supposed power of the Constitution. It must be
recollected, too, that this censured vote of the South
did not have for its object to impose slavery on the
people of Oregon, but merely to prevent any re-
strictions, and to give the people their own choice;
while the effect of the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is to prevent the
people of the acquired territory from having their
choice in regard to a domestic institution sanction-
ed by the Constitution of the United States. Be-
sides, many believed in a want of constitutional
power to restrict the citizens of Oregon on that
subject, and they only now ask that those who do
believe in the power may exercise it with modera-
tion, fairness, and justice, and not in such a man-
ner as to inflict an indelible stigma on the South
and her institutions, and to outrage the principles
of equality and State sovereignty. When the vote
on the subject of slavery in Oregon was taken at
the last session of Congress, there was no discus-
sion whatever on the subject. Their vote may be
compared to an obiter dictum of a coart. The at-
tention of members was not called by a single indi-
vidual to the subject, for the simple reason that the
North felt secure in its power to impose the restric-
tion, and the South was harmless in its weakness
to oppose it. It is true that my colleague [Mr.
Pillsbury] and myself v-oted in favor of that restric-
tion, and thus separated ourselves from the mass
of our southern associates upon that question; but
it was owing to the peculiar position which we held
as the Representatives of the State of Texas, Tex-
as occupies a different position in regard to this
question from any other State in the Union. Au-
thorized by the jointreuolutions of theUnited States
Congress to subdivide herself into Jive States, and
extending, as she does, to the forty-second degree
of north latitude, it was made one of the conditions
of annexation,that in the division of Texas into
States, the Missouri compromise should be re-
spected. This condition was incorporated into the
constitution of our State. In voting for annexa-
tion, the constitution of Texas, and i'or the resolu-
tion of the'Texas Congress giving the consent of
that Government to annexation, we"had repeatedly
recognised the Missouri compromise line-, and
when the question came up on the Oregon bill, it
j neither took us by surprise nor found us unpre-
pared to act. In voting for the restriction, we
were only carrying out the views of our constitu-
ents; and where that led us, we were satisfied we
could not err. Indeed, for the Representatives of
Texas to have voted differently on the Oregon re-
striction, would have been virtually saying, that
she had come into the Union on degrading and dis-
honorable terms, and that Texas was not an equal
member of this Confederacy. It would have been
granting privileges to the people of Oregon denied
to the people of Texas who live north of 36° 30
of north latitude. These are the reasons that in-
duced us to vote as wedid, and not from any supe-
rior foresight or sagacity as to the favorable bear-
ing our vote would have on the subject now under
discussion. But the South are now united to a
man; they hold out the Missouri compromise as
the olive branch of peace to the North; or rather,
they now offer to return it to the North, who hand-
ed it to the South in 1820: and will you not take
your own offering? Do you ask of the South a
return of a better peace-offering than you your-
selves gave her in times past and gone?
In a few days, Mr. Chairman, this House will
be callcd upon to decidc this momentous question,
as far as we are concerned. Let me earnestly ask
northern gentlemen to renew that covenant which
once before saved this Union, and which will save
it again. It will revive good feeling between the
North and the South, and banish all discontentand
dissatisfaction. Even under the Missouri com-
promise, the North will get the most valuable por-
tion of California, and two-thirds of the soil. The
North have the political power, and will continue
to have it. The cession of Virginia, the north-
western ordinance, and the Missouri compromise,
settled that matter forever. To all these measures
the South gave her assent. When has the North
ever yielded like the South on a question of sec-
tional or political power? Will not her justice and
magnanimity now induce her, not to yield, but to
divide—to compromise? A magnanimous enemy
will not take advantage of a weak adversary; how,
then, ought friends and brothers to act towards
one another ! You have the power here. Look
well to it how you exercise it. This is a matter
entirely of feeling, and not of pecuniary interest with
the South. I question very much whether, under
any circumstances, slavery would ever be trans-
planted into California. South of 865° the territory
is comparatively barren, and not adapted to slave
labor. But still, we do not feel willing to be forccd
into measures by the strong arm of power. Prin-
ciple is dearer to us than interest. It was not the
amount of the duty on tea that induced our fathers
to throw it overboard, and to resist to the last; but
it was because of the violation of the principle that
" taxation and representation should go together."
And so, sir, I solemnly assure the men of the
North that it is not for a moment the idea of pecu-
niary loss that has united the South in resisting the
principle of the " Wiimot proviso," but because
it violates and outrages the principles of the Con-
stitution, and destroys the compromise proposed
to the South in 1820, by northern representatives,
and accepted by a majority of the South " for the
sake of the Union."
Let me again urge upon our friends of the North
to think of the past, and to look to the future, be-
fore they cast their votes. I have heard out or
doors some northern members deprecate the agi-
tation of this question, and yet I fear, from the
