1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Mcllvaine.
Ho. of Reps.
signs of the times, they will cast their suffrages in
its favor. Their hearts are right, their judgments
are correct, and yet they think, perhaps, that they
are constrained, by the anti-slavery sentiments of
their constituents, to vote in favor of this measure.
But I sincerely believe they are mistaken. The
people of the North, 1 cannot doubt, would prefer
to let this question remain as it was settled by those
who have gone before us, rather than to sow the
seeds of alienation and distrust amongst the mem-
bers of a confederacy which was founded upon,
and can only be preserved hy, mutual affection and
regard. You may rely upon it that force can never
preserve it. Force would be a mere rope of sand,
while mutual interests and mutual regards will knit
us together forever. I believe the people of the
North will sustain their Representatives who fear-
lessly do their duty. "When the people fail to sus-
tain an honest and independent Representative in
the discharge of his duty under the Constitution,
however variant his course may be from their feel-
ings and wishes, the days of our republic will have
been numbered. I have not the least doubt, that if
ever this Union is destroyed, it will he brought to ill
end by a want of firmness and independence in the
Representative to march up to his whole duly. Lack
of moral courage in the Representative is as fatal
to republican Governments as cowardice to an
army in the hour of battle. Last session, my col-
league and myself voted for the restriction of sla-
very in Oregon, because we solemnly believed it
right, for reasons I have already explained, al-
though we knew, by doing so, we would probably
raise a clamor against us, and perhaps endanger
our reelection; whereas, by voting against the re-
striction, we would have glided on upon the deceit-
ful current of popular favor, uncensured and unop-
posed. Being both of us natives of the North, it
would furnish additional hopes to competitors of
our overthrow. The attempt was made, but it sig-
nally failed. My colleague was reelected by a ma-
jority over all competitors, and I had no opposi-
tion whatever. I do not mention these matters by
way of self gratulation. The farthest from it pos-
sible. It is solely for the purpose of showing that
the people are intelligent, discriminating, and just;
that they will not discard faithful public servants
for taking the responsibility of doing right, how-
ever it may, at the first blush, contravene their
wishes and feelings, and to appeal to northern
members to take such responsibility as we suc-
cessfully took upon the Oregon bill at the last
session of Congress.
I appeal to the more liberal members of the North
not to precipitate the fatal catastrophe that I fear lies
before us, in caseofthe finaladoptionofthis amend-
ment by both Houses of Congress. Go \?ith the
friends of the Constitution now, and take time for
"a sober second thought," and a consultation with
your constituents, whose better judgment, I feel
confident, will, in most cases, approve your course.
Let it not at least be recorded in history that the
most powerful republic that ever existed sowed the
seeds of its dissolution by a dispute about what
was not hers. Let us at least wait until the matter
comes properly before us. California is not yet
ours; it may never be ours. " Sufficient unto the day is
the evil thereof." Let us not act on so exciting a !
subject before action becomes absolutely necessary; 1
and I have not tiie least doubt that the patriotism
which triumphed over so much opposition to all !
the compromises of our Constitution, will ensure
its preservatiorf; that the superintending Provi-
dence which "united" our fathers will protect their
sons from all the dangers that now surround them;
and that this people will remain for centuries to
come a "cloud by day and a pillar of fire by night"
to lead the nations of the earth out of the Egyptian
bondage which now enslaves them, and plant their
feet upon the Canaan of equal privileges and the
nalienahle rights of man !
THE MEXICAN "WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. A. E. McILVAINE,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 4, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, upon the Civil and Diplo-
matic Appropriation Bill, and the discussion
having turned upon the Mexican War—
Mr. McILVAINE said, that he had found him-
self rather unexpectedly in possession of the floor,
(the House being thin;) but that the empty benches
before him had less terror for him than a struggle
for the floor in a full House. But he perceived by
the galleries that the people feel more interest in this
question than the members of this House, and it
was to them that he proposed to speak.
It is not my purpose (Mr. Mcl. proceeded to
say) to discuss at length the immediate cause of
this war, or to produce any elaborate proof of by
whom the first blow was struck; but rather to en-
deavor to ascertain our present position, and our
duty under it, as I understand it.
It was contended by all of us who opposed the
annexation of Texas, then in a state of war with
Mexico, that by bringing1 her into the Union we
should adopt her war, and necessarily involve the
country in the conflict. It was boldly but truly
proclaimed by a Texan Senator, upon taking his ,
seat in the other end of the Capitol, that m taking !
Texas, you took her condition, and were bound |
to defend her soil and fight her battles. This was j
the ground assumed by the Whigs prior to annex-
ation; it is the ground which they still occupy.
But in spile of the remonstrances and warnings
of the friends of the peace and honor of the coun-
try, and with a recklessness which seemed to ac-
knowledge no law but that of might, Texas was
brought into the Union as a State; war has ensued;
the country is involved in it; and no one will pre-
tend to deny that it resulted from, it if it was not
the necessary consequence of, annexation.
I will not sav that war was inevitable upon the
annexation of Texas. I have never said it. In-
deed, from the willingness of theMexican Govern-
ment to treat upon the question of boundary, as
preliminary to the restoration of the relation of
amity, which had been interrupted by annexation,
it is probable it might have been avoided. But
this I will say, that whatever possibility there may
have been of avoiding a conflict with Mexico, the
President effectually, if not purposely, precluded 1
that possibility, by marching his army to the ut-
most verge of the disputed territory, and assuming
a menacing attitude in the very face of the Mexi-
can authorities.
This was the first hostile act. Here was that
" natural boundary" crossed, which, according to
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, j
[Mr. Charles J. Ingersoll,] " was marked in the j
configuration of this continent by an Almighty j
hand—the stupendous deserfs between the rivers I
Nueces and the Rio Grande"—that boundary j
which, 11 while peace is cherished, will be sacred." j
" Not till the spirit of conquest rages will the people
on either side molest or mix with each other," I
continues that gentleman; and this was the act of |
your President, who •'anxiously desired to eulti- i
vate and cherish friendship with every foreign
Power," and who tells you in his message that
"this war with Mexico was neither desired nor
provoked by the United States."
As to the grounds of claim to this disputed ter-
ritory lying between the Nueces (the western
boundary of the province of Texas) and the Rio
Grande, I shall not weary the committee with an
examination of them. They have already been l
fully and ably discussed. It is enough to know, j;
that the Spanish province of Texas did not extend j!
beyond the Nueces; that the Mexican province of j;
Texas was embraced within the same limits; that
the revolted province of Texas was defined by the j«
same bounds; that the possession and jurisdiction II
of the Republic of Texas never extended beyond j1
the valley of the Nueces; and that the valley of ;i
the Rio Grande, and the whole country west of j;
the desert which separates the wateis of the Rio i
Grande from those of the Nucces, has always i;
been, and was at the time of the advance of the !i
army under General Taylor into that country, y
occupied by Mexicans, and under undisputed 'j
Mexican jurisdiction. _!
The remote cause of the war, then, was the an- i'
nexation of Texas; the immediate, the military !
occupation by our arms of territory in dispute be- ;
tween the two Governments, but in the possession \
of Mexico. j
The act of May last declares that war exists i
between this Government and Mexico, but throws •
upon Mexico the onus of its commencement* The
charge is as false in fact, and unjust to Mexico, as
it is disingenuous and cowardly in its authors.. It
was a vile attempt to cover up the grossest act of
usurpation and aggression by the President known
to the history of the country; and to mislead and
inflame the public mind upon the momentous ques-
tion of war with a neighboring sister, butweak and
distracted, republic. It is a charge in the face of
the settled public opinion of the country and of the
whole civilized world. The burden of the com-
mencement of this war lies at the door of your
President. Deny it as you will; reiterate and again
reiterate the false charge against Mexico, the fact
remains unaltered and unalterable.
But the war exists; and ample means for its
vigorous prosecution were placed in the hands of
the President by the act of May. If it has not
been prosecuted with sufficient vigor, it has not
been for want of means. I here find myself called
upon, in common with every member upon this
floor, to take a stand for or against its further px*os-
ecution.
In arriving at a conclusion of what duty requires
of me in this crisis, I shall be governed by two
things—the necessity and object of the war And
here I will remark, with the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] who ad-
dressed the committee some time ago, that I am
not one of those, if any there be, who would,
under all circumstances, withhold supplies for the
prosecution of an existing war. So long as the
.nations of the earth continue, the barbarous prac-
tice of warring against each other, force must be
repelled by force. And although I deprecate a
war'as one of the greatest calamities which can
befal a nation, and however much I might deplore
anv act of my country which would justify any
civilized nation in the face of the world in waging
war upon it, yet I shall at all times, and under all
circumstances, be ready to defend my country, to
the last man and the last dollar necessary, against
the attack of an enemy. Does such a case exist ?
Is the prosecution of this war necessary for the
defence of the country? No one pretends that
it is.
Although Mexico has uniformly claimed sover-
eignty over Texas, and declared her intention at
different times to restore it to her Confederacy, yet
all her acts and intercourse with this Government
show, conclusively, that it was her intention and
desire to negotiate with a view to its final relin-
quishment; and nothing but the obstinacy of the
President, and a determination to seize upon the
desired territory between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande, rather than submit it to the equitable and
constitutional test of negotiation, prevented an
amicable airangcment. He chose to rely upon
might rather than rig/it, and thus involved the coun-
try in a bloody and protracted war.
Mexico demanded that, antecedent to negotia-
tion, the American fleefshould be withdrawn from
her coast, that no appearance of menace should
overhang her friendly resolves—not that the army
should be withdrawn from Texas. It was not, then,
for Texas that Mexico was contending, but the
extent of Texas and its equivalent.
Had the army of occupation remained at Corpus
Christi, although a state of war might and would
have existed between the two countries until ami-
cable relations should be restored by negotiation,
no hostilities would have occurred. The Presi-
dent was so advised. He was repeatedly informed
by General Taylor, through his despatches, of the
tranquillity upon the Mexican frontier, and the
friendly intercourse between the people of Mexico
and those of Texas. He was further informed of
the pacific intentions of Mexico, and her deter-
mination not to cross the Rio Grande with any
military force, except small parties, for the pur-
pose of " preventing Indian depredations and illicit
trade."
Isaac D. Marks, Esq., formerly United Stafes
consul at Matamoros, in a letter to General Tay-
lor, dated at China, in Mexico, September 23,
1845, and enclosed to the Secretary of State on the
28th October following, says: "I have the honor
* to inform you that I have had several conferences
4 at Monterey with General Mariano Arista, com-
' mander-in-chief of the Mexican forces on the
4 frontier of the Rio Grande, in relation to the dif-
4 ferences at present existing between the United
