156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 4,
29th Cono £x> Sess.
TAe Mexican War—Mr. Mcllvaine.
Ho. of Reps.
* States and Mexico, and am pleased to state to |
* you, that, from the opinion and views he made ,
* known to me, the Cabinet of Mexico is disposed ;
* to enter into an amicable arrangement with the
4 United States in relation to the boundary, and all
* other momentous questions. ***'##
" General Arista pledged his honor to me, that
* no large body of Mexican troops should cross
< the left bank of the Uio Grande; that only small
« parties, not to exceed two hundred men, should
* be permitted to go as far as the Arrayo Colorado,
* (twenty leagues from the Rio Grande,) and that
4 they would be strictly ordered only to prevent
* Indian depredations and illicit trade. # #
<k General Arista spoke also of Indian incursions
* on the frontier of the Rio Grande, and is under !
1 the impression that they could be prevented by |
i the troops under your command, as the Indians 1
i always come from the Nueces river." j
Here is not only a declaration of the friendly ;
disposition of Mexico, but the acquiescence of the ;
Mexican general in the jurisdiction of this Govern- |
ment upon the Nueces. But the President had ]
determined to make " the line of the Rio Grande |
an ultimatum1' in settling the question of boundary i
with Mexico, and General Taylor was accordingly J
ordered to take a position upon the bank of that j
river.
Well, sir, what followed? The Mexican gen-
eral commanding at Matamoros notified General
Taylor, upon his arrival there, "that the march of
the United States troops through part of the Mexi-
can territory [Tamauhpas*] was considered as an
act of war;" and he was summoned " to fall back
beyond the river Nueces," not the Sabine. He was
required to retire icithin the borders of Texas, not
beyond them.
Does this look like an intention to invade our
territory? for I admit that the President was as
firmly bound to defend " the territory properly
within, and rightfully belonging to Texas," as any
other State of* the Union; for it had been brought
into the Union under the form of law, if not by au-
thority of the Constitution. And although I am
ready at arty moment to gratify the people of Tex-
as, who, according to the declaration of one of their
Representatives here, [Mr. Piu.sbury,] would
rather be out of the Union than in it—and in this I
believe I have the sentiment of the nation with me
—I concede, that so long as she remains a State of
the Union, she is entitled to equal protection and
immunities with the other Slates. But, I ask,
what evidence have we that it was the intention of
the Mexican Government to invade the soil of
Texas ?
The President, in his message, says: "On the
* 18th of April, j 846, General Paredes addressed a
( letter to the commander on the frontier," direct-
ing him to " take the initiative against the enemy."
But this was more than a month after General
Taylor had, by order of the Piesident, broken up
his camp at Corpus Christ? and marched into the
disputed teintory. The order to the commander
was, that " the troops which thus act as enemies
< be ordered to be repelled. From this day begins
* our defensive war; and every point of our terri-
1 tory attacked or invaded shall be defended."
This, instead of proving a purpose of invasion
in Mexico, is all purely defensive. There was,
then, no danger of invasion from Mexico, had the
President suffered the army to remain within the
borders of Texas, and negotiated with her upon
terms which she contended her honor required,
and which might have been acceded to without
any sacrifice of honor on our part. She demanded
that^he immediate cause of difficulty between the
two Governments—the Texas question—should be
arranged by a special commission, before her ac-
knowledgment of amicable relations (which had
been interrupted by the annexation of Texas) by
the reception of a resident minister. Surely that
magnanimity which should always characterize
the deportment of the strong towards the weak, of
the offender to the offended, should have prompted
the President to have yielded this point to the
wounded pride of Mexico; and m accepting the
challenge of peace proposed by this Government,
to have given her the choice of arms. But, like a
bullying tyrant, he persisted in his arrogant de-
mands, and chose the more summary argument of
5 Tomale6pas.
the sword: fancying it, probably, the more popu-
lar, if not the most economical method of settling
a dispute with poor and imbecile Mexico.
Texas demanded the boundary of the Del Norte
to prevent the escape of her slaves; and her de-
mand must be answered. It was the preservation
of this " peculiar institution" which led to the an-
nexation of Texas; it was this which required its
extension to the Del Norte; and it is this which is
pressing your army into the heart of Mexico, seiz-
ing upon province after province, for the purpose ;
of extending its area. J
Well, Mr. Chairman, if hostilities might have i
been averted in the first place, and were provoked j
by an act of aggression on our part, what evidence j
have we, what fears have we, that the invasion of j
our territory would result from a cessation of hos- i
tilities, and the withdrawal of our troops within '
our own territory? Sir, there are none. No one :
is mad enough to suppose that the country is, or |
could be in any danger from Mexico. She is poor j
and powerless for offensive war. And however
united her people may be in the defence of their
homes and their firesides, and however able she
may be to maintain a resolute and protracted de-
fensive war, she has neither the ability nor the
heart to engage in a war of invasion. She contest-
ed successfully for long years the power of Spain
j upon her own soil; and by that indomitable spirit
I of resistance, which has been denominated by a
| learned Senator [Mr. Cass] " the characteristic
' obstmacyof theCastilian race," succeeded in throw-
ing off the Spanish yoke; but was repulsed, and
her army, with its chosen leader, captured by a
handful of Texans, whenever she stepped beyond
the smoke of her own fires.
In warring for the subjugation of Texas, she
would be contending for a mere abstraction—a j
something which she could not enjoy. If she had 1
it she could not hold it: a people different in race,
in religion, in everything which goes to make up
the national character. It is as absurd to suppose
that Texas could again become or remain a prov-
ince of Mexico, as that the Mexican provinces
could with safety to our institutions become States
of this Union. But even should Mexico be mad
enough to attempt an invasion of our territory,
stiil there is no necessity for increased means of
defence on our part. The regular army, with one-
fourth of its present strength, could successfully
defend the whole Texan frontier. Indeed, the
honorable member from the western district [Mr.
Pillsbury] tells us that Texas can defend herself
against any force that Mexico can bring against
her; and I believe she could. She did it when she
was much younger and weaker, and why should
she not do it now ?
If, then, the prosecution of this war is not neces-
sary for the defence of the count!y, what is its
object? Sir, it is conquest—it is tiie acquisition
op territory. This is the stimulant which has
excited the maw of the President to gulp in prov-
ince after province, and yearn for a continent. This
spirit it. was which prompted him to "congratu-
late" us, upon our assembling here, upon " the
success which has attended our military and naval
operations." " In less than seven months,"' con-
tinues he, " we have acquired military possession-
' of the Mexican provinces of New Mexico, New
' Leon, Coahuiia,Tamauhpas, and the Cahfornias:
' a territory larger in extent than that embraced in
' the original thirteen States of the Union." And
yet he pioceeds to say, "The war has not been
waged with a view to conquest!" and thus defines
its object: (i But having been commenced by J\Iexi-
' co, it has been carried into the enemy's country,
' nnd will be vigorously prosecuted there, with a
' view to obtain an honorable peace, and thereby
i secure ample indemnity for the expenses of the war,
' as well as to our much-injured citizens who hold
' large pecuniary demands against Mexico." Now,
Mr. Chairman, leaving out that threadbare asser-
tion, "having been commenced by Mexico,"
which the followers of the President may learn to
repeat but can never believe, what, 1 ask, is it but
a war for the acquisition of territory—a war for
conquest?
But the President admits—his friends here avow
it—it was declared by the official mouth piece of
the President m the Senate, the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, a few days ago,
that territory is to be acquired by this war. The
amount of it is, the President will not invade
Mexico for the purpose of seizing upon her prov-
inces, but he will prosecute a war of invasion for
a paltry claim, which Mexico had agreed to pay,
and had in part paid, and then hold her territory as
an indemnity for the expense of the loar.
Now, it matters not whether conquest be the
object or the incident of the war. It is equally
wrong, if the war be in itself aggressive and un-
just. That it is aggressive has been already shown.
Indeed it is evident that the President himself so
considers it, from his long and labored apology for
its commencement. The recovery of claims was
an after-thought—a miserable pretext for a known
wrong, which can neither be justified by any prin-
ciple of justice, humanity, or economy. His rig-
marole of wrongs, magnified and distorted, perpe-
trated by Mexico upon our citizens and flag, were,
he says," ample cause of war." Why, the offence
against the national honor, and the injury done
our citizens were all wiped out by the treaties of
1839 and 1842. It was then reduced to a simple
matter of dollars and cents; and it is upon this that
the President now bases this destructive and ex-
pensive war. Really its financial are little better
than its moral features.
I repeat, sir, this war is a war of conquest—a war
for the acquisition of territory, and nothing else.
With the Administration and its supporters in the
South, it is a war for the extension of slavery. It
is part and parcel of the Texas project, and for the
same ends.* With the Democracy of the North
it is equally a war for the acquisition of territory,
but with the exclusion of slavery; if, indeed, they
be sincere in that, which I very much doubt.
Some, I believe, are.
Now, I ask, is there a Democrat upon this floor
who will vote another man or another dollar for
the prosecution of this war, if territory cannot be
acquired by it? 'No; not one.
Well, sir, I am opposed to the acquisition of
another inch of slave territory. And I will here
repeat what has already been declared by several
gentlemen of both parties during this debate, that,
with the people of the North, this is no longer an
open question. It is a fact, and a fixed fact. Not
another foot of slave territory will ever, with their
consent, be added to this Union. We are not dis-
posed to quarrel with our brethren of the South
about slavery in the States, where it now exists,
! and which no power in this Government can reach;
' but believing it to be an evil, moral and political,
; we demand that the power of the Government
' shall not be applied to its extension.
But, sir, I am opposed to the acquisition of any
'' territory—and especially by conquest. I deny that
, there is any power in this Government, expicssed
I or implied, to acquire territory in that way. It is
i contrary to the very spirit and object of the com-
j pact; which is but a union of sovereign States for
purposes of mutual protection and defence. I be-
| iieve we have territory enough—and particulaily
: such territory as those conquered provinces of Mex-
! ico; which have not an acre in a hundred, or in five
hundred, that any North American would have as
\ a gift. But the mere acquisition of territory is not
! the worst feature of conquest. You propose hring-
| ing into this Union numerous provinces t{ inhabit-
i ed by a considerable population," (in the language
! of the President,) regardless of tfieir will. Thus
i subverting that great principle of republican liber-
: ty, which accords to the people tha right of choos-
: ing their own government. Free and munificent
1 as ours may be, it is only so because it is volun-
• tarily assumed. Throw your political system
I around a people without their consent, and you per-
petrate the darkest deed of despotism—you deny
' them the freedom of choice.
j I know that our system of government is expan-
i sive in its nature; but there is nothing known to
! the art of man which may not be destroyed by over
' tension. It will expand as fast and as far as your
j people expand, and are ready for its protecting
| mantle. But when you propose spreading; it by a
| single stroke over a whole series of provinces, if
: "From the Charleston (South Carolina) Courier.
j "Every battle fought in Mexico, and every dollar spont
i there, but insures the acquisition of terutory which must
' widen the field of southern enterprise and power in future.
■ And the final result will be to readjust the balance of power
j in the Confederacy so a&Ja girp vs control over the operations
j of Government in all time to come."
