1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1ST
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Mclhaine.
Ho. oe; Reps.
not an entire republic, peopled with a race different
from our own in language, habits, and religion,
without their consent, you give it a tenuity which
the first rude blast will destroy.
But I am opposed to this war upon other and
higher grounds. Much as I should deprecate the
extension of slavery over territory now free, and
a system of wild expansion which subverts the
principles and threatens the very existence of the
Union; still more do I deprecate its dark and dam-
ning crime; its useless and horrible sacrifice of
human life, and the train of misery and wo which it
brings to the bosom of many a widow and orphan
thus cruelly deprived of a husband and a father.
Time, in its eventful progress might free the slave
of his shackles, and build up governments upon the
scattered ruins of this republic; but it can never ,
restore life to the dead, or heal the heart of the be- :
reaved. The memory of the dead, and the tear of
the afflicted, will endure with life—monuments of
the fruits of this unholy war.
The dreadful altcrn ativc of war surely should
not be resorted to upon trivial giounds. It can be
justified only as a last resort; and then for cause,
palpable and indisputable; a necessity not to be
measured by dollars or acres, but imperious and
unavoidable. In my opinion, this war rests upon
no such necessity.  
But we are told that the merits of the war are
not now in question; that the country is involved i
in it; the Constitution places its conduct in the j
hands of the Piesident, and we are bound to grant
him the supplies necessary for ita prosecution;
upon him rests the responsibility. Well, I admit
that those who approve of this war, and are in
favor of prosecuting it for the ends proposed, are
bound to grant the means. But, sir, I deny that
any such obligation rests upon me. As a Repre-
sentative upon this floor, sworn to support the
Constitution of my country, I dare not skulk be-
hind the responsibility of any man, however high
or however low, upon questions vital to the Con-
stitution, and, as I believe, to the honor and inter- >
ests of my country. I have endeavored to show '
that this is a war, not of defence, but of offence; |
that it is not conservative, but destructive; and I j
wish to bear this discrimination in mind. '
Wars, I have believed, are declared for cause; \
and they are prosecuted for their intiinsic merit.
The merit of an existing war is a matter of opinion;
and, under our republican system, it will cease or
continue as the majority shall determine. But the
fact that this war of rapine and blood has a major-
ity in its support, can impose no obligation upon
the minority, nor lelease it fiom its responsibility
to the country. On ihe contrary, as majorities aie Jj
made up of individuals, and the question of peace M
or war may turn upon a single vote, accountability j1
is single, and not collective. j
The majority have the control of the means; the i
aid of the minority is therefore not necessary, but ,
gratuitous. The war will continue as long as the
majoi itv desire it, and no longer. And every man '
is therefore, in my judgment, bound to himself, his :
country, and his God, to take one side or the other, i;
He cannot be against the war and for it at the same j:
time. He cannot be opposed to its further pros- !•
ccution, and yet contribute to that prosecution-— '
seeing that the safety of the count) y would not
be endangered by its discontinuance, nor its honor
compromised. His only power is his vote; and
it is his vote which will indicate his choice.
Now, I am opposed to the prosecution of this
war. My people are opposed to it. They have
spoken in terms not to be disregarded or misun-
derstood. And being thus opposed to it, I shall
vote against all measures intended for its further
prosecution. This is the only means of preven-
tion withm my power. It is the means, and the
only means, provided by the Constitution; and it
is the very means contemplated by the framers of
that instrument, as their proceedings show.
I believe this war to be wrong from beginning
to end. Wrong in its inception; wrong in its pros-
ecution; wrong in its designs and ends; and I shall '
vote according to my convictions. I cannot see
how a war wrong m all Us pa^ts can be justly or
honorably prosecuted.
As I have already said, were the safety or the
honor of the country involved in the conflict, I
should be ready to maintain firmly, and by every
necessary means, their defence. But, Mr. Chair-
man, this is not the country's war—such an one
as demands the cooperation and uid of every pa-
triot heart. It is unworthy of being dignified with
the name. It is a miserable political—a party
game; in which the stakes are personal and party
aggrandizement, and the die—the treasure of the
country, the lives of thousands of your fellow-
beings, and the tears of tens of thousands of inno-
cent women antfr children. It is a heartless, a
soulless game; and I can take no hand in it.
Did I believe—as I do not—that the voice of the
people was for war—indiscriminate war, I would
exert my feeble influence to correct the public
taste, rather than cater for its morbid appetite. I
would appeal to the virtue and intelligence of the
people, rather than their sordid passions.
But I do not believe that the people are in favor
of this war. I do not believe they are willing to
cut the throats of the Mexicans and murder their j
women and children, that they may plunder them
of their territory. I know tueie is not a Whig !
from one end of the Union to the other in favor of
it; nor do I believe there is one who desires its fur- j
ther prosecution. I
The question is asked, "How shall the war be \
brought to an end? Will you dishonor the coun- !
try by withdrawing your army m the face of the ;
enemy?" 1 arifcwer, the progiess of your arms ,
have been but a continued scene of triumph and
victory. Armies doubling in number your own :
have been met and driven from every battle-field -
in defeat and kdismay. City after city and prov-
ince after province have yielded to the superiority
of your arms. So unequal is the contest that the
very inferiority of that which we have made our
enemy, renders victory at least a doubtful honor.
The question is not, shall we withdraw our troops
"in the face of the enemy," but how far will you
pursue him ? Over how many battle-fields will you
track him by his scent of blood? How many lives
will you sacrifice and how many millions will you
squander to satisfy false honor and vain ambition ? .
These aie the questions which the country and the
world will ask, and which every gentleman upon
this flooi i& bound to answer.
For myself, I say, unhesitatingly, withdiaw your
troops within your acknowledged tcriitory. Pro- i
pose to Mexico terms of peace just and honor- i
able, and she will not, she dare not, refuse them, j
Put yourself in the right, and the country and the j
world will sustain you. I
But, "my country right or wrong'5 is the senti- j
ment held up as the proper rule of action here. |
Sir, that sentiment is very good in its place, it J
was very proper in him who uttered it. It is a !|
good military sentiment. It becomes a military Jj
man, engaged in the service of his country, to light !i
its battles—to obey the orders of his superiors, ;j
without stopping to inquire whether they are j
"right or wrong.1' ITe surrenders, by the very i|
nature of his vocation, ail will, except such as is
subordinate to his command. He must obey or |!
retire. But with the representative—(he constitu- ''
tional source of power—him whose province it is I!
to control as well as obey, the case is far different. ;!
It is his right and his duty to keep his country in
the right; and if he finds her deviating from the
proper track, to bring her into it; and not plunge [!
her deeper m the wrong because he finds her in- ji
volved in it. ;'
I admit that when the country is threatened with !'
danger, although the cause which led to it may be .
wrong, it becomes every good citizen to stand by jr
her. It becomes a matter of self-defence. The
country must be defended and protected. This I j,
claim for my own country, and this I would con-
cede to Mexico. But a principle which may and ::
does justly apply to a state of defence, is in a like
degree unjust and wiorig when applied to offensive ij
war. !i
We hear complaints from the other side, that !'
this war has not been prosecuted with sufficient
vigor. Well, it may not become me, not ha\mg •
voted for it, to say whether or not there had been j;
men enough sent to Mexico to die of pestilence m i
that deadly clime; but I do say, that it. has not !
been retarded by the want of means. The act of 1
May last placed at the disposal of the President [i
twice the amount of men that he has ever had m I
the field. Pie has pursued precisely the course of
all uthers best calculated to promote a protracted, ji
expensive, and a deadly war. He has sent men in !i
advance of means. He has struck at remote prov-
inces, instead of the heart of Mexico—threatening
a dismemberment of her territory, rather than the
subjugation of the sovereign power. He has driven
her people into a defence of their homes and their
hearth-stones. He has united them,"men and wo-
men , in an inseparable bond ofself-defence. Ay, and
he has given to her a President and a General, who,
of all others, possesses the power of uniting her
^counsels and giving vigor to her arms.
In his attempt to " conquer a peace," the Presi-
dent has provoked a determined and protracted
war. He has placed the olive branch, if not be-
yond his reach, at least so far in the distance, that
no human vision can discern it. He has the re-
sponsibility of all of this; and I, for one, am wil-
Itno- that he shall haveall the glory. I will not add
a pillar to his support; neither will I pluck a laurel
from his brow.
But, Mr. Chairman, it appears that the rules of
this game require a change of men: that it shall
henceforth be conducted with regulars, instead of
volunteers; that the volunteers who have so prompt-
ly icsponded to what they believed to be their coun-
try's call, and who have so bravely sustained the
nation's flag on every battle-field, aie to give place
to tardily-enlisted regulars, for the purpose of giv-
ing greater efficiency to the army.
Why, sir, I have heard it exultingly, and as I
thought, triumphantly proclaimed, that this wil-
lingness and ability of the citizen soldier to defend
promptly and efficiently the country's flag, proves
to the world the inherent strength of our political
system, and the utter uselessness of the danger and
expense of a large standing army. I heard this
declaration with pleasure and with pride. I con-
fess it struck me as a jewel in a mass of rubbish 
an oasis in a desert. In the multitude of wrongs
there seemed to be one redeeming quality. But
why refute this proud position—the characteristic
of freemen, and of freemen only, by this acknowl-
edgment of its fallacy? It is a calumny upon our
free system; an insult to the patriotism of the peo-
I pie, or it is an acknowledgment of the weakness of
; your cause. Either the voluntary aid of the people
' cannot be relied upon in the hour of need, or your
war is so utterly destitute of merit that patriotism
refuses it its suppoit.
There is one other feature of this war which I
wish briefly to examine, and I have done—and
that is its cost. You cannot sum it up to-day at
*an amount less than fifty, and it may be a hun-
dred millions of dollars. The excess of expendi-
tures over estimates, the appropriations necessary
for deficiencies, and the uncertainty of the duration
of the war, render it a matter rather of conjecture
than calculation. But certain it is, that it already
has, and will continue, far to exceed the revenues
ol the country, and an enormous public debt wil
be the inevitable consequence.
The ordinary expenses of the Government, and
the interest on the debt, will require all, and more
than all, of the revenu? which can be gathered
through the usual channels—the customs and the
lands. And, as if to aggravate the difficulties
which necessarily flow from a state of war, you
have, in the midst of it, uprooted the established
financial policy of the country, and embarked
upon a wild sea of experiments which have either
been heretofore untried, or have been commenced
only to be rejected and condemned.
Now, 1 ask. in the name of the tax-payers of the
country, how is the deficiency to be met? Plow
is this debt, which you are heaping upon their
heads, without providing any means for its liqui-
dation, and aie daily increasing by your '* prom-
ises to pay," to be paid 3 That is the question. Is
there any escape but thiough taxation—direct,
grievous, oppressive taxation ? Sir, there is none.
Your astute Sccnftary of the Treasury—that finan-
cial wonder of the age, in all his deep plunges and
his lofty flights—his far-seeirigs and his short-com-
ings, has conjured no alternative. Will the peo-
ple consent—can you lull them to submission by
your empty shouts of glory, and yo.ur blazoned
victories, to the continuance of this war, and its
unavoidable consequence, a grinding tax 5
The day of reckoning will come; and those who
sit in high places, and those who sustain them
thct;e, will have to answer at that bar which politi-
cians too often most dread—the bar of public opin-
ion.
