158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 2,
29th Cong....;2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Wick.
Ho. or Reps.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. WM. W. WICK,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
February 2, 1847.
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on Ihe Civil and Diplomatic Appropria-
tion Bill—
Mr. WICK said:
Mr. Chairman: In the course of this discussion
the honorable member from Illinois [Mr. Went-
worth] has taken occasion to dissent from the
recommendation of the Executive Department, and
from the apparent present opinion of a gieat ma-
jority of the Democratic members of this House,
m favor of extending the tariff law of 1846, so as
to assess a very limited duty upon the articles
named in the free list. To this dissent I have no
exception to take! The honorable member is the
judge of his duty here, and is not responsible to
me for any vote he may give. But the very ex-
traordinary reasons which the honorable member
has given for his dissent are open to remark, to
criticism, and response.
The honorable member complains that he has
been read out of the Demociatic party fur this his
dissent above named. This, sir, is news to mc;
though I will acknowledge that I have heard it
suggested that the honorable member, by his erratic
and peculiar course here, and the manifestation of
a disposition to fault-finding as to the action of the
is fairly inferable that the honorable member as- '
sumes that what was democratic then, ought to be
also held as democratic now. Let us examine this
dogma.
Mr. Chairman, the Democratic party is guided
by grand principles which never change. But
measures may be greatly changed without the vio-
lation of principle. Mere measures not principle.
Any tariff assessed solely with a view to revenue,
and without reference to protection or prohibition,
is only a measure. No principle is involved there-
in. Hence the answer to all those mere plausibil-
ities (they are scarcely even that) of the honorable
member is short and easy. When Mr. Polk, and
the other eminent Democrats named by the honor-
able member, declared themselves, or voted against
the duty on tea and coffee, the public debt of this
nation, according to the honorable member's own
statistics, (of the correctness or the reverse of which
I will say nothing, it being of no importance what-
ever,) was a fraction only more than it was on the
opemrig of the present Congress. Jlndwe then had
no war on our hands. Democrats, therefore, voted
against a duty on tea and coffee. Now we are in
the midst of a war—an expensive one. We are,
and since the present war was declared, have con-
stantly been increasing our public debt on account
of the expenditure occasioned by the war. Our
public credit is not yet materially shaken, but there
are decided indications that in order to so sustain
it as to be able to borrow at reasonable rates of in-
terest, we must show a will and a way to keep our
treasury in good condition. Besides, sir, I am of
opinion that the hard-handed Democracy of this
Democratic party on this floor, and of the Admin- j country would prefer any moderate tax, to an un
• .  I     - „ J ; ^ K! f i I tuialilir nuKli/l /laKfr T[ l-l £>T7 CiO T KcliaTrA 1 t I t I <
istration, might perhaps succeed in placing* himself
without the pale of the Democratic party organi-
zation here, and, in time, elsewhere. For myself,
although the course of the honorable member
seems to me altogether unaccountable, I am as yet
inclined to hold him as just a ledle better than a
Whig; for he does vote with us sometimes—when
it suits him-r-and cspccially when the yeas and
nays are taken. And if it be true that the honor-
able member's character, as a Democrat, has fallen
into doubt, it is by no means to be attributed solely,
or even mainly, to his course on the question I have
alluded to—the tea and coffee tax, as he calls it—
but to a vast variety of indications and steps on
his part, greatly too numerous to tell over, if it
were (as it is not) my purpose to call the honor-
able member's political conduct into question. His
arguments and his reasons, and not his political
character, are the game I would draw a bead upon;
though, en passant, I will indulge the remark, that
in assemblies such as this, as among reefers and
sailors on board ship, every one composing the
crew will, sooner or later, find his level, and a
character.
The honorable member [Mr. Wentworth] has
told us that in canvassing his district in 1844 he
asserted that Mr. Clay favored a tax on tea and
coffee, and that Mr. Polk was opposed to it. Well,
sir, I did tiie same. In 1844, m many public ad-
dresses, I held up the Whig candidate for the
Presidency as having voted for a tax on tea and
coffee, as a permanent measure, in time of a pro
wieldy public debt. They have, as I believe, little
fancy for becoming tributaries to foreigners, by
paying interest to them on a debt which, to this great
and prosperous nation, is serious in amount. And
here, sir, the honorable member has his answer. In
time of peace, it is anti-democratic to tax tea and
coffee; and for that doctrine, he has the authority of
all the great names he has cited, and is welcome to it.
But in time of war it is anti-democratic to run up a
great public debt while there are ready means to
keep the same within bounds; and in time of war
it is democratic, or at least not anti-democratic, to
tax anything from which means to carry on the
contest can be readily and easily raised, without
oppression to one class more than to others—ay,
sir, even tea and coffee.
Mr. Chairman, the honorable member's reason-
ing- is not less irrational than would be the conduct
of agardener, who, because in the showery months
of April and May, his plants need no watering,
would let them wither and die from the scorching
suns and long drought of the dog-days. Sir, on
the score of his logic, it would not answer for him
to be captain of a lire company; for if by one ex-
periment he should ascertain that water is a very
good thing for a house on fire, he would be calling
out his company every day, and with his engines
he would deluge our houses and furniture on all
occasions—fire or no fire. Sir, a duty on tea and
coffee may be an oppressive measure, deserving
denunciation at a time when the national expen-
diture is limited to the peace establishment; and it
found peace, and in the absence of any cause or >; may become necessary, and it may be highly pa
necessity for heavy expenditure; and I also showed
my auditors that Mr. Polk was believed to be op-
posed to such a tax in time of peace.
The honorable member has also shown us that
in 1841 the Legislature of Tennessee, in a time of
peace, passed a resolution declaratory of their opin-
ion against a tax on tea and coffee. He lias also
shown us that in 1841, Mr. Polk, in a speech de-
livered before a portion of the people of Tennessee,
denounced Mr. Clay and other Federal Senators
for having voted against striking out of a tariff
bill, a duty upon tea and coffee, in' a time of pro-
found peace.
In addition to this, the honorable member has
been at the pains to show us that in 1841, in a time
of profound peace, the Democratic Senator, Wood-
bury, now a judge of the Supreme Court, and
Senators Buchanan and Walker, now in the Cabi-
net, and other eminent Democrats, voted against a
duty upon tea and coffee; and that the Whig mem-
bers of Congress, or most of them, voted for that
duty. The honorable member told us, with an air
of triumph, that at that time it was not deemed
democratic to levy a duty upon tea and coffee. It
tnoric to vote it and pay it, to support a just war.
j Andsono one (exceptperhaps thehonorable mem-
i ber from Illinois) would withhold their watering
* pots from their plants after two months of hot and
i dry weather, because they are unnecessary m a
i rainy day, nor would any other play the engines
upon the inside of a House not on fire, breaking the
windows and destroying the ceiling, plasteiing,
1 and furniture.
The honorable member, in his spcech to-day,
advised mc to "go to the schoolmasters,"(alluding
j to the President and other prominent Democrats,
! who, in time ofpeace, opposed a duty upon tea and
1 coffee, and now, in time ofioar, advocate it,) "and
S not to the boys, with my homilies." Sir, there is
I no occasion. The schoolmasleis understand that
j there is a difference between a time of peace and a
; time of war with large armies in the field. The
i honorable member sees no difference. The school-
i masters have sense enough not to water their plants
I on a rainy day, and to water them in dry weather;
l to plant in" spring and autumn, and to reap and
| gather in harvest and shucking-time. The honor-
! able member*seems to lack this discretion, and to
be ready to adopt one straight-out rule, and go by
it to the death. The honorable member says he
wishes that, hereafter, "when our file-leaders are
to make a sudden tack, they would let us know in
season, so that we can be on the ground in time."
Sir, the file-leaders, as he calls them, have come to
where the road crosses a wet-weather river, and
they turn aside to find a log on which to walk over,
and will return to the road on the other side. The
honorable member goes straight on, and will have
to be very tall or be drowned. He is in for a duck-
ing, any how. Sir, the honorable member's prin-
ciple, on which he seeks to sustain his course, to
wit: that legislation in time of war and in time of
peace ought to be the same, is an absurdity.
Why, sir, since war was declared, we have au-
thorized the raising of fifty thousand volunteers,
and have quadrupled, or more, the number of the
regular forces. On the principles of the honorable
member, this was very anti-democratic; for no one
will doubt that it would have been very anti-demo-
cratic to have increased the regular army in time
of peace. So, too, had we authorized a loan of
twenty-odd millions in time of peace, it would have
been precisely a Federal measure. Since the dec-
laration of war we have don  so, and no one has
accused us of having deserted the Democratic creed
in the adoption of that measure.
Sir, the honorable member must think his con-
stituency exceedingly stupid, if he expects them to
be misled by such specimens of logic as I have ex-
posed; and if they should sustain him in his open
and coarse attacks upon the present Democratic
Administration, they have no step to take to get
into the Whig ranks, for they will be already
there.
Sir, the honorable member said, in his speech
to-day that I, on a former occasion, during this
session, " acknowledged that I was trying, as hard
as I could, to follow in the footsteps of the Admin-
istration." I never uttered so puerile a sentiment,
nor anything in so puerile a manner, to say noth-
ing of its absurdity.
Mr. Chairman, the honorable member, in his
speech to-day, somewhat obscurely shadowed
forth, as a substitute for the proposed duty on tea
and coffee, a tax on silver plate and other articles
of luxury; and the honorable member from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Johnson,] in his speech made to-day,
gave us a very direct advocacy of the same meas-
ure. Sir, when those honorable ^members will, in
presenting such a proposition, inform the House
and the country that the project is one for direct
; taxation, and when they will bring in a bill, or of-
' fer an amendment, providing for the appointment
i and salaries of the numerous officers necessary to
; the assessment and collection of such direct tax,
! or for compensating State officers for the same du-
! ties, then will I suppose them to be in earnest, and
then, and not till then, will I consider of the
: measure.
! [Here the honorable member from Tennessee
! (Mr. Johnson) exhibited a publication disclosing
: the fact that the present Secretary of the Treasury
! had formerly offered a similar proposition.]
Mr. WICK. Sir, Mr. Walker is not a book.
He offered the proposition as a Senator from Mis-
sissippi, where perhaps they have less repugnance
: to direct taxation than exists elsewhere. And
' when he (Mr. Walker) failed in carrying his prop-
i osition, he gave it up, and voted with the majority
I of his party in the Senate. Let the honorable
member [Mr. Johnson] follow the example, and
all will be well as to his democratic character and
consistency.
Mr. Chairman, the honorable member from Illi-
nois [Mr. Wentworth] has told us that a duty
on tea and coffee will work unequally, as between
the North and the South, because the white people
of the North use more tea and coffee than do the
slave population at the South. So, sir, will all
indirect taxation—all duties on imported articles—
because the white citizens of the North use more
of all imported articles than do the slaves at the
South. Theie is no way to avoid this, but by a
resort to direct taxation, or by the promotion of
the objects and view's of political Abolitionists, and
so extend the area of the " peculiar" northern " in-
stitutions"—Free-niggerism, i. e. an avalanche of
emancipated slaves into and upon the free States.
The honorable member from Illinois informed us
in his speech, that the President is from the South;
