1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Wick.
Ho. of Reps.
and also the Secretary of the Treasury, and the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means;
and that we have a southern Organ—meaning the
Union. But he has not told us that the Vice Presi-
dent, Secretary of War and Secretary of State, and
Attorney General, are from the North. Throughout
his speech he has spoken of the North and the
South as ifthejr were different and rival countries,
or different factions, opposed to each oiher as are
the Whigs and Democrats; and has had the bad
taste to speak triumphantly of the change which
he says will take place after the next presidential
election, when he seems to suppose northern in-
terests and influences will be in the ascendant.
Does not the honorable member comprehend the
jealousies and ill-feeling which these allusions
must beget? Why, sir, he first adopts or predi-
cates a factious idea, and then, to make our south-
ern friends jealous of us of the North and West,
notifies the South, that when we get a northern
President, we shall control things our own way,
and ride the South to our heart's content. This is
precisely the sense of what the honorable member
said, whether he shall be so reported or not. Is !
this faction? or is it Democracy? '
Sir, this kind of thing may do the constituents i
of the honorable member. He may have indoc- i
trinated them into notions thus selfish, local, and
exclusive. He may have been instrumental in
leading them to believe that, in tins country, politics
consist in the art of scientifically plundering sec-
tions, turn and turn about, as the power to do so
may change hands. His constituents may nurse
such feelings and opinions. But, sir, I am proud
to believe that in all of my State to which my ac-
quaintance extends, a politician advocating princi-
ples and feelipgrs so debased would be left, as we
leave an Abolition lecturer, to talk to his peculiar
disciples. We have our antipathies in Indiana;
but they are not local antipathies. I will name
three of them to the honorable member; they are
abolitionism, free-niggerism, and slavery.
Mr. Chairman, the honorable member from Illi-
nois lias seen proper to arraign me for having voted
for the river and harbor bill of last session, in the
first instance, and after the veto, against it. Well,
sir, in this I was no more inconsistent than were
the band of Democrats—many of them bearing
illustrious names—who voted for the charter of i
the Bank of the United States, in the first instance, !
and against it after it was vetoed by President ,
Jackson. Rational change is better than stupid !
and obstinate consistency. Any fool can be con-
sistent. To reform requires magnanimity. Our
business here as members is varied, and such as
occupies our time very fully. Much of it diverts
our attention from that strict examination of bills
pending before us, which would be proper, were
it possible. The honorable member may have it,
that I voted in tiie first instance for the bill with-
out the accurate and careful examination which I
gave it after my attention was especially called to
it by the veto rnessage. He may have it so, and
make the most of it. It but places me in the same
category with his betters and mine.
Mr. WENT WORTH asked if the bill had not
of the engineer, who made a survey of Little Fort,
sustains me in all I sa^.
Where piers for the improvement of harbors are
begun, I think we are told in the veto message,
the appropriation of money for their continuance
would not have been objectionable on constitu-
tional grounds. The appropriations for rivers were
couched in very general terms, such as would have
admitted of a violation of State rights by an inva-
sion of their sovereignty, and the soil of their peo-
ple. Had the appropriations for rivers been con-
fined, in words, to the removal of snags and sunken
trees, it would, to me, have been unobjectionable.
But the great objection to the bill was, that it was
a bargain bill: not that members mutually bar-
gained, in words, to sustain each other's local ap-
propriations; but that the bill was so framed as to
make it apparently the interest of a great number
of members to vote for it. It was by just such a
bill that my State was involved in a debt of many
millions to oppress her people for ages. Sir, T will
never again vote for a bargain bill. If my con-
stituents desire to have the nation bargained into
such a debt, in proportion 'to its ability, as now
rests on the State of Indiana—a paralyzing incu-
bus—they must send some other man here to do
the deedL
Mr. Cnairman, the honorable member from Il-
linois spoke of certain members "dodging," and of
his desire to force certain questions to the yeas and
nays to expose them. I would like to understand
this. I understood the remark to be intended to
apply to certain members from the free States, who
by their action here have indicated their disappro-
bation of the introduction, out of season and out
of place, of the question of the future admission or
rejection of slavery as to territory hereafter to be
acquired, and of course to myself among the num-
ber. Sir, I have nothing to conceal, nothing to
dodge, in connexion with this or any other sub ject
before this Congress.
Mr. WENT WORTH, or some other member.
il The Missouri compromise" and the "Wilmot
proviso."
Mr. WICK. Well, sir, of those in their order
I will speak, and that definitely, too.
The Missouri compromise was, in its day, very
well. It kept th'e peace, and made us a united
people. But it has discharged its office, and is
now functus officio. It had a reference and appli-
cation only to territory belonging to the United
States at the date of that compromise. It could
not operate upon territory not contemplated by the
parties thereto. No ethician will contend for such
operation. And it is clear that territory which did
not, at the date of that compromise, belong to the
United States, could not have been contemplated by
the parties. And here I must pause, to express to
my honorable friend from South Carolina [Mr.
Burt] my high approbation of the moderation
and good temper which characterised his remarks
made the other day, in support of his motion for
an amendment to the Oregon hill, looking towards
an extension of the exact Missouri compromise
line to territory hereafter to be acquired. It was
nothing marvellous to me that he should present
been discussed day after day in committee, and if i! such a proposition. I presume it was 'introduced
the yeas and nays were not taken in the House on -j in part as a surrebutter to the Wilmot proviso.
the bill several times.
Mr. WICK. Ay; it was discussed as things go
here. Speeches on the subject of the North and
South, Texas and Oregon, 49° and 54° 40', and
abolitionism and slavery, and forty other things,
were made; and the Whiffs criticized the Admin-
As such it was legitimate, especially considering
the good taste and moderation with which the hon-
orable member supported it. I must also thank
another honorable member from South Carolina
[Mr. Sims] for his declaration, made on occasion
of a recent discussion, to the effect that " the child
istration for Buncombe, and Democrats fought^! is not yet born who will live to see any consider-
over the political battle of 1844! Perhaps some |
new member was sufficiently verdant to talk a lit- >
tie about the bill! On examination, after the veto j
message came, of the reports of the officers of Gov- |
ernment, who had examined some of the so-called j
harbors named in the bill, I was satisfied that I
much of the money appropriated would have been
thrown away in vain efforts to make harbors where '
the Great Creator had made none for man to im- ;
prove.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked Mr. Wick to spe-
cify.
Mr. WICK. I will specify, as one of many,
Little Fort, on Lake Michigan.
Mr. WENTWORTH said Mr. Wick had been
grossly misinformed.
Mr. WICK. A fair construction of the report
able portion of the people of the United States dis-
posed for a dissolution of the Union."
But to return. I am asked by the honorable
member from Illinois, how I came to offer the ex-
tension of the Missouri compromise to territory
hereafter to be acquired, at the last session, as an
amendment to the Wilmot proviso, and yet the
other day vote against the propositions of the hon-
orable member from South Carolina [Mr. Burt]
recognizing such extension? This query I have
answered on another occasion, and have no objec-
tion to do so again. The Wilmot proviso was
offered at the last session as an amendment by
way of rider to an appropriation bill. The effect
of its adoption, or grafting upon that bifl, would
have been to embarrass those who were friendly
tQ the appropriation, and unfriendly to the Wilmot
proviso, either on principle, or because of its ill-
timed introduction, by placing them in a false posi-
tion, and compelling them to vote for a measure
not sanctioned by their judgment, or against a mea-
sure called for by the interests of the country, or
to do as I did—not vote at all. I offered the prin-
ciple of the Missouri compromise as a rider to a
rider, to bring it into disrepute—a course sanction-
ed by parliamentary law, or usage at least.
fiut wlfen, the other day, the principle of the
Missouri compromise, ana the exact line too,
were sought, to be grafted on one of the Oregon bills
by the amendment offered by the honorable mem-
ber from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] I voted
against it, for the double reason, that it was a
rider offered to a bill on an entirely different sub-
ject, and also because the Missouri compromise,
and the line contemplated thereby, ought not to
be insisted on, in reference to territory acquired
subsequent to the date of that comprorrfise. Yes,
sir, I passed through the tellers against it, and if
I mistake not, the honorable member from Illinois,
not having the fear of the yeas and nays before his
eyes, voted for it on that occasion. And now he
talks of dodging.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I voted for it to bring
you fellows up to the yeas and nays on the pro-
position in the House,
Mr. WICK. Here is a Democrat for you—one
who makes war on his own paity ! He first pre-
sumes a fallacy, to wit, that certain Democrats
here are or may be , embarrassed about voting1
upon a question, in consequence of divisions, and
ultra and unreasonable opinions among their re-
spective constituencies, and then seizes the oppor-
tunity to bring them into tribulation, by forcing
them to vote upon such vexed questions. He
imagines he holds a brand which will fire the tem-
ple of Democracy, and he flings it into the very
sanctum sanctorum, that, like the Roman tyrant,
he may fiddle his joy over the cinders, or cachin-
ate his satisfaction, as column and pillar, pilaster
nnd architrave, are overturned, and all that is
beautiful and symmetrical becomes a mass of ugli-
ness—a shapeless ruin.
And now I come to respond to the honorable
member's question, as to my vote on the Wilmot
proviso.
Sir, the Wilmot proviso is a bird of ill omen.
I seek not to arraign the motives of its advocates.
But it is a truce-breaker—a disturber of legislative-
peace on the floor of Congress—and therefore I
am against it. It is introduced out of time, and
out of place, and therefore I am against it.
There is no necessity now for acting upon the
subject contemplated by it, and therefore I am
against it.
The effect of this measure which is so often
mentioned, is well understood here; but it may be
otherwise elsewhere. It assumes what may, or
may not, turn out to be corrcct; to-wit, that tn one
way or another, we are about to acquire territory
heretofore and yet belonging to Mexico, though
now wholly, or in part, in our military possession;
and it declares that neither slavery nor involun-
tary servitude shall ever exist in such territory.
The effect of biinging forward this measure is
to excite here heated debates on the abstract ques-
tion of slavery, at a season when the time of the
national legislature would be better appropriated
to the consideration of providing the ways and
means, money, men, and munitions, for bringing
the war U> a speedy and successful close. By pro-
moting wordy strife here, it is calculatcd to waste
precious time; and by promoting sectional jeal-
ousies, and hoart-burningS, it is calculated to
drown our high sense of patriotism, and lead us
to forget our foioign foes in our resentments
against those we may consider as foes at home.
Hence it is a disturber of the peace.
It is useless to pass laws for the government of
the citizens of territory which we have not yet
acquired. " Sufficientuntotbedayistheevil there-
of." Mrs. Glass, in her famous book of cook-
ing receipts, gives a direction for the cooking of a
fish, and in so doing, prefaces her receipt thus:
44 First catch your fish;" and then goes on to di-
rect how the fish is to be scaled, gutted, stuffed,
and finally cooked. Mrs. Glass was a sensible
woman, and knew that a fish must be caught first,
and then cooked. Some of our statesmen might
learn of her. They (our statesmen) desire to ac-
