162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 22,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Tax on Tea and Coffee—Mr. Andrew Johnson.
Ho. of Reps.
value of seventy-six millions of dollars, were made free of
tax, to the great relief of the citizens, and the great encour-
agement to commerce.1'—[Mr. Benton's speec/i on the tariff,
in 1841, after offering an amendment to tax bank notes.]
Mr. J. said he had made all these references, to ;
show with unerring certainty the position of the j
Democratic party in relation to taxing tea and cof- j
fee. He had shown how Mr. Brown, the Gover- j
nor of Tennessee, stood upon this question. Mr. |
Wright, of New York, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Cave jj
Johnson,Mr. R. J.Walker, Mr. James Buchanan: !j
four out of six of the Cabinet officers, we^e op-
posed to taxing tea and coffee; the vicegerent, or j;
the lieutenant-general, also opposed to it; and, to i
crown the whole, the President himself declared jt i:
to be a federal measure. The editor of the Rich- j;
mond En quit er, now of the Washington Union, if i
his memory did not deceive him, was equally op- jj
posed to taxing tea and coffee. He said it was true ;;
the Washington Union had been croaking a good i
deal about a war-tax upon tea and coffee—it was j!
tea and coffee one morning, and coffee and tea the ;
next morning;'and then a war-tax upon the free ar- 1
tides. And sometimes the impression is left upon ;
the mind, from reading the Union articles, that the j
Government, would be brought to a dead stand un- 1
less the two millions and a half were raised from ,
tea and coffee-, which Mr. J. said was the veriest J
quackery, ridiculous in thcextrcme, to assume that ;
the Government would founder unless it got this '
item of tax from the old ladies' tea and coffee ;
throughout the country to sustain the war. Even ;
the member from Alabama [Mr. Payne ] had un- .
dortaken to read %e Blouse a lecture upon lea and
coffee the other day, and, while at it, worked him-
self up into such a fury, gesticulations so violent,
contortions of the face so extraordinary, as at times
seemingly to threaten his own destruction, if not
those about him—perfectly rampant, tearing a pas-
sion all to tatters. From his tone and menacing at-
titude, we were induccd to believe all who disagreed
with him in opinion about taxing tea and coffee,
were to be excommunicated from the Democratic
church. But, on examination, it turns out he was
one of those who thought it federal in 1841 to levy
a tax on tea and coffee; and upon a further ex-
amination, it seems that a majority of the Demo-
crats of this House, on the second day of January
last, voted the samp way—fifty-six Democrats
voting against the tax, and foity-seven for tt. The
minoiity in tins instance had set up as the party,
which was something new in church and slate.
He characterized the vote of the small band of
forty-seven, who voted in favor of tins proposi-
tion the other day, as the first indication of the
formation of a new party—the tea and coffee tax
party.
Mr. J. trusted that this minority, which had so
foolishly alienated themselves from the party,
would, ere Iodq, see the error of their way, and re-
turn to their first love, or the. republican fold. He
felt satisfied thus would bo the case when the pas-
sion they had contracted for taking the old women's
tea and coffee abated.
There was an effort made at the last session of
Congress to impose tins tax, and it was voted
down by an overwhelming majority; at the pres-
ent session it has been broughtlforward and voted
down by a majority of both parties; and he trust-
ed and hoped that they would have no more of it
hereafter. Mr. .T. said he was opposed to taxing
tea and coffce for many reasons. First, he was
opposed to taxing any more of the necessaries of
life than were now ta^ed—the laboring portions
of the community were now taxed in all they ate,
wore, and drank—because it was unjust to call
the laboring thousands out to fight the battles of
the country, and then tax the stomachs and barks
of then- friend* and relations to pay the expense
of the war. Because, when the Government
wielded the physical power in defence of the prop-
erry and wealth of the country, which were the
hones, flesh, sniews and blood of the great mass
of the people, it was but justice to tax the wealth
of the country to defray such expense. Because
they were popular and cheap articles of consump-
tion with the laboring millions in the United States,
and taxing them would have a tendency to make the
war and the party imposing therri, unpopular and
odious. Because it would make the parry now in
power still weaker, which only held the ascend-
ency by some three thousand majority of the
popular vote of the whole Union. Because, with ;
our recent loss in New York, Pennsylvania, and ,
some of the other States, it would throw the Dcm- |
ocrats in the next Congtess in a hopeless mi- j
nority, thereby defeating the Administration in its j
leading policy. Because in Tennessee, where the j
two parties are nearly equally divided, and both j
having been opposed to the tax, and where the j
people are most decidcdly opposed to .it of both ,
political parties, would most assuredly defeat the
Democratic party in that State in the approaching
summer elections for Congress, Governor, and the
Legislature of the State. Because there were
other articles, articles of luxury, that might be
taxed, that the people would approve, and from
which there might be more money collected than
was really needed'by the Government to carry on
the war with Mexico; some of which he would ■
submit to the consideration of the House and the ;
country. :
During the last session of Congress, while the j
bill modifying the tariff was under consideration, 1
Mr. J. said that he moved to strike out the fourth S
section of this bill proposing a tax on tea and '
coffee, and insert a provision embracing a different j
, principle of taxation, and would now call the at-
i tenticm oftheHouse toiheameudmentthen offered,
and the estimate based upon that amendment. He
then tefcired to a former speech of his containing !
the amendment and estimate, which is as fol-
lows: ;
" Mr. J. now advanced to the consideration of the question '
of protection. The c|ue>tion of the finances of the Govern- |
1 meiit was an all-important one—one which involved the
j veiy vitality of the Government. He referred to thp state
! of warm which wc were now pineal—requiring increased ;
i expenditnies—and piesented the nnpoitance ot selecting |
i discreetly the articles upon winch a tax should be imposed ;
i to Mipplv the twelve-and-a-half millions of dollats deficiency
i m the tiea^uiy anticipated by the Secretary. And, as em- j
I bodjmg Ins views on the subject, he caused to be read the j
' following amendment, which he save notice he should offer !
! at the proper time to the hill before the committee :
il k Be it further enacted, From and after the passage of '
< this act, there shall be levied and collected, in such man- I
e ner as mru be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury ;
' of the t'mted States, the billowing rates of impost or per I
II < cent, upon all (apitai as hereinafter enumerate#—-that is to i
j 4 as ay, npoiMiII hank stock, or the capital of banks, whether |
; ' the same ho incoiporaled, or bunking; under a geneial |
is 'banking law, one per cent, per annum upon the stock so
! < held or the capital so invented; nl)0n a!1 capital vested in j
'j < bond.-, ironed !>\ the ncvoial State.?, which they aie now
!; 'paving Hip interest on as it falN due, or bonds issued by
!' < flic Government of the United States, one per cent, per
i ' annum : upon ail capital used oi employed by any mdivid-
< nai ot individuals, bupkor bank*, bodies politic or coipn-
. 1 late, m having, discounting, or -having notes, either pioin-
! ' i-isoiv. oi hank pap"i\ one percent, per annum; upon all
,j •'mone\ loaned bearing interest, if the mm *o loaned exceed
j < fen thousand dolhu-. one per cent, per annum; upon ail
: 'capital oveohug fi'tv thousand dollars vested in anv one
' < niantibu-tumi<i e? tablir-hmmt, one half ot one per cent- per
.1 k annum ; upon all %ol>l and ulrcr plate and waie exceeding
,' 4 fifty dollar'^ in value, ten pei cent, ad valorem
' | '• He hud down a< a fundamental principle that the expen-
| ses of this Government, and paineularly those lucuirt-d in
' time of war, should be .-iMaitird by that portion of the popu-
lation who enjoy the meatest amount ot protection. One
I' of the great ends of government was to acquire a power to
:| piofect the piopcttv of the utizeiifO! the country; and in
wai this powei was physical powei, which was exeited to
{j defend the propelty of the cituens of the countiy ; and
■! hence, when the expenses of a war were to be incuned,
i j they should b" borne by thn.-e who receive the greatest pro-
ij teetion from that war. In this view of the subject, the
I! impolicy and the injustice of taxing the pooi man'< tea and
ii cotiee to earn" on a war which was mainly forthe pi election
'! of the property of the rich, was clearly <-een. The rich
' man, to he >ute, used tea and coffee, and perhaps a little
more than the poor man ; hut there were one hundred
pooi men to on>i lichiuan. One bundled times as much,
then, would be paid by pooi nien as h> the rich if we weie
to tax tho-e necessities of life, tea and coffee, to carry on
the war. The burdens of taxation (Mr.J. boldly proclaimed)
should be shifted olFthe shoulders of the poor, who had too
long home an undue and exorbitant propoition of them, and
should he pur upon the wealth of the country. * * * *
"•lie might not be entirely correct m all his> estimates of
the amount of jevenue that his amendment would raise;
and he should, did opportunity again offer, present it in a
more exact form. He oouhl?ay, however, that it5 piinciple
would enable the Government to raise sufficient levenue by
taxing the aificlcs of the wealthy, which were to be pro-
tected b\ this war, and exempting those of the poor. The
obvious"ju>tiec and propnety of this policy being further
warmly eniorccd, Mr. J. proceeded to make as near an
estimate as he could arrive at of the probable revenue
which would be raised under it, thp results of which aie
imbodied in the fallowing table or statement:
J&biaiatetl Rci enue
amount in the from it.
country.
Banking capwil..    $324,006,000
One per cent, on this amount - $3,240,000
Bonds issued by the States and
the United State?  100,030,000
One per cent, on this amount - J,000,000
Estimated Revenue
amount in the from it.
country.
Money employed in shaving
notes. &c  300.000,000
One per cent, on thecame..,. 1,000,000
Money loaned and bearing in-
terest  100,000,000
One per cent, on the amount.. - 1,000,000
Capital vested in manufactures.. 50,000,000
One-half of one per cent, on the
same ;  - 250,0001
Gold and silver waie  lOO',000,000
Ten per cent, on the same ad
valorem  - 10,000,000
74.000,1 UJ 16,490,0 -O
This amount doubled would be a hght tax,
which would make     $?3*2,P80.000
The amount collected from pleasure carriages,
gold and silver watches, during the late war
with Great Britain, was $300,9)0. Tins
amount may be multiplied by twenty, which
is much below the increase of property of this
description, which would amounj to  $6,009,000
The laws regulating the Post Office Depart-
ment can be so antended as to make the de-
partment defray its own expenses, which
would relieve the treasury from the payment
of  799,000
The civil list, foreign intercourse, im-o-lla-
neou , the Navy Department, &c.T can he
retrenched with ease and safety  1,500.000
Repeal the law establishing the Smithsonian
institution, and thereby save  250,000
Tax the ciicuiation of banks as proposed by Mr.
Benton at the called sesion of 1841, one per
cent, on one hundied millions    1,000.000'
8,998,000
The amount pioposed to be raised at the last
session of Congtess  ^32,980,000'
The amount proposed to be laised from the or-
dinary sources, as climated bv Mr. Walker
for the fiscal year 3848, after deducting th^
four millions to make up the deficiency for
1847, leaves    27,220,957
In all, making the grand total..  ,.r,. 69,198,957
The whole amount wanted for the year
1848, as> estimated by the Secretary ot the
Tieasury  45,781,784
Leavine a balance in the treasury on the 1st of
July, 1848  23.417,17a
More than enough to pay the national debt
without borrowing one dollar.
The amount of money deposited with the States
in 1838. which might be added to the means
of the Government, which is  2^.000.000
The grand total  f.1,417,173
To his former estimate, he said he had made
some additions, which proved conclusively, alt
taken together, that there would be a sum sufficient
to meet all the demands of the Government with-
out touching tea and coffee. It left an excess in the
treasury on the first day of July, 1848, more than
enough to pay off the whole national debt. He
earnestly insisted that if his system of taxation
were resorted to, there would be no necessity to
borrow one single dollar, and thereby save the
people from paying" such large amounts of money
in the shape of interest to largre fund-holders. The
item included in his estimate for retrenchment was
very small indeed, far below what could be effect-
ed, if the work was commenced in good faith.
But lie .said it really seemed that the work of re-
trenchment was never to have a beginning—both
parties clamored for retrenchment and reform, but
never commenced the work. In time of peace we
are told it is not the time, in time of war it is not
the time—we have had an interval between peace
and war, and it was not the time. It is time the
people had become a little suspicious, a little more
jealous of their rights and interests, when they see
their rulers so equivocating and tardy tn beginning
this desirable and all-important work. When an op-
pressed and down-troduen people appealed to their
Government for relief by lessening their expenses,
the Government called upon them for new taxes;
when they ask for bread they receive a stone—
when they ask for a fish they receive a serpent.
The Government of the United States seemed to be
following in the footsteps of some of the Govern-
ments of the Old World, who were extorting from
the laboring poor their last shilling to sustain ex-
travagance and unnecessary appropriations of the
public money; and after compressing the last cent
from their blood and sweat, the cry of the daugh-
ters of the horse-leech, " Give, give, give, "is heard
to issue from their insatiable stomachs. Mr J.
here made an ardent appeal to the House, and sard
the people demanded this work to be began, and
