1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
29th Cong 2d Suss.
The Mexican War—Mr. Tibbaits.
Ho. of Reps.
now was the time to begin it. Let the President
and his six cabinet officers set their heads to work,
hunting up expenditures that are unnecessary, and
iop them off. By drawing up the treasury hoops
and closing some of the gaps and cracks, and a ju-
dicious application of the pruning-knife in paring
off the warts and excrescences that have improper-
ly fixed themselves upon the body politic, there
can be more retained and saved in the treasury
than §2,500,000, the amount proposed to be raised
from the old women's tea and coffee. Hes aid it
was a mere waste of time to be talking about tax-
ing tea and coffee; the Government would have to
hunt some new objects of taxation, and they had
just as well begin first as last. They would have
to adopt his mode of taxation, or some other. He
was satisfied himself that the expenses of the Gov-
ernment would go far beyond the estimate of the
Secretary of the Treasury: $45,000,000 would not
foot up all the bills of expenditure for the year
1848. Ten new regiments raised—the increase of
the pay to the army—the land levenue probably
cutoff—al! added together, would create thedemand
for more money; and the Administration had just
as well come up to it first as last, for it had to be
done. He, (Mr. J.,) was for prosecuting the war
with more vigor hereafter, if possible, than it had
been heretofore; he was for prosecuting the war
vigorously to a speedy and honorable termination;
bring Mexico to terms as soon as possible, and let
peace be restored to the country, and thereby tie
up this bleeding artery of public expenditure. lie
was for giving the President money and men; he
was for taxing the wealth of the country to defray
the expenses of the war—the common man had to
do the fighting, and the rich ought to pay for it.
Mr. J. now turned round, and throwing his eyes
upon the clock, said, his hour was about expi-
ring, the sand of his glass had nearly run out. But,
in conclusion, he must be permitted to say, he
wished to Almighty God that the whole American
people could be assembled in this city—that there
was some kmd of an amphitheatre constructed,
rapacious enough to contain the entire voting pop-
ulation of the United States, and that they were
convened for a short period of time, and the veil
that now conceals from their view the many abuses
could be drawn aside, and they be permitted to i
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. J. W. TIBBATTS,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
January 8, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on " The Bill to raise, for
a limited time, an additional Military Pijrce, and
for other purposes"—
Mr. TIBBATTS addressed the committee as
follows:
Mr. Chairman: I feel sensibly at this moment
that" hope deferred maketh the heart sick." I
have mingled in the contest for the floor, and en-
deavored to obtain it for thiee or four days, and
now having succeeded in my effort, I am so wor-
ried by the excitement of the contest that I fear I
will not be able to discuss the important questions
arising out of this bill, and the amendments pro-
posed to it, in a manner either creditable or satis-
factory to myself, or do justice to those questions
and the same provision was contained in the prop-
osition offered by ray colleague, which finally
passed the House, and to that all the southern
members, who voted in favor of the annexation,
gave their assent. X know very well that the Mis-
souri compromise provided only for the territory
ceded by France, but gentlemen must abide by the
spirit of the compromise.
Yet, the gentlen^tn from New- York gravely
charges the Representatives from the South with
a desire to avoid the principles of the compromise.
The charge is a most unjust one. I think that I
can safely assert that there is notasouthern mem-
ber here who would violate the principles of the
Missouri compromise, in order to acquire terri-
tory: if there be one I do not know who he is-r-if
there is one, let him rise in his place and answer.
There is no answer. Then, sir, I assert that there
is not one, and I speak for all the South, when I
say that we are not disposed to violate the princi-
ples of the Missouri compromise; and, sir, lam
much mistaken if the people of the North will be
disposed to do so either.
, , clSSJi UUvU lllclt IJ 1 C I C li C&Ci 1 LctllV^a llUIti Lilt: JUUI JiC 11
take one ca m survey,one full and dispassionate ,| g j d &han&(Jned thc prillclpies of the Mis
® thrt «ni'ino^ af thp. pntnv* nrAf'pnn- . 1
I think it would be desirable to fix on a pernia-
themsclves. I regret that the narrow bounds al- ,} ncnt boundary between this country and Mexico,
lowed by the one-hour rule absolutely precludes 1' different from the Rio del "Norte. The Pvio Grande
the possibility of discussing almost any of these | is not, 111 my opinion, a proper boundary for a gieat
important questions in a manner which would be || lmtion—I would prefer fixing the boundary at
satisfactory cither to myself or the House. 1 ■ 1 ! — ■
I have, sir, listened with a great deed of attention
and patience to many of the speeches which have
been delivered in this House during the present
session of Congress, and I am constrained to say,
that, in my opinion, some of them on both sides
of the House have been in very bad taste, and such  
as are hardly proper to be delivered in the repre- ij cced in surroundin
sentative assembly of a great nation. I have, sir,
witnessed with great regret thc introduction of the ,
exciting question of slavery into this discussion.
I consider the discussion of that question as en-
tirely out of placc on a bill like that now under the
consideration of the committee, and peculiarly im-
proper at a time like this.
I will not at this time attempt to discuss that
question at large. I think it, however, not only
proper but necessary that I should notice some of
the remarks made on yesterday by the gentleman
fiom ]New York, [Mr. Grover..] That gentleman
assumed that the representatives from the southern
view of all the secret springs of the entire proceed
ings of things under this Government,; of all the
intriguings of officers in authority, from the high-
est to the lowest: I will not say they would lay
violent bands upon an edifice designed by its
founders to be so sacred and perfect in all its parts,
and tear it into ten thousand pieces; I will not say
they would rush upon it m a state of precipitancy,
with the resistless and devastating fury of some
mighty tempest; no, 1 have too much confidence
in their forbearance to believe so for one moment.
But I feel well assured of one thing, and that is,
they would rip up and tear off some of those fun-
guses that have been fixing and have fixed them-
selves upon the vitals of this Government for years
gone by; they would turn some mighty stream
through the Augean stable until it was thoroughly
cleansed from the abominable filth that has beer,
preying upon the lifeblood of the republic too
lonff. The people will, the people must, begin to
take things into their own hands. He would say
more: he felt well assured if they could be gath- j
ered here in one general mass like the Democracy j
in olden times, that there would be but little de- \
bate about the proper mode or objects of taxation, j
either in peace or m war. He would like for them j
to be here, and pass their decision upon his propo- [
sition to raise money to defray the expenses of the
Fedora! Government m issue with taxing tea and j
coffee, the only remaining articles of any impor- I
tance consumed by the laboring masses but was j
now taxed, and that, too, at a high rate. For one, !
he should vote against taxing any more of thc ne-
cessaries of life at the present time, at least until
he was convinced the Government could not get
along without taxing them. He would, even now,
prefer taking more of the necessaries of life out of
the list of taxable articles and make them free.
He thought Mr. Polk was right in 1841, when lie !
made his speech in the city of Nashville, when he J
was m favor of salt and sugar being made free, as I
well as tea and coffee. i
[Here the Speaker's hammer fell.] 1
[ soun compromise, on a vote taken during the
I pendency of the Oiegon bill at the last session of
j Congress. If the gentleman from New York un-
,-derstands the actual state of the facts in relation to
that matter, and the feelings of the representatives
from the slaveholdmg States, then his accusaotm
is not only an act of gross injustice to us, but an
insidious attempt to deceive the people of the
North. The Missouri compromise was not the
question at issue on that occasion. The fact that
certain members from the South on that occasion
voted against the amendment proposed is no evi-
dence that thc members fiom the South are op-
posed to, or intend to abandon, the principles of
the Missouri compromise. Oil the contrary, every
act m that Congress on the part of the members
from the South, when that, question came under
consideration, shows that they stand up by the
compromise; and for the purpose of disabusing the
some great mountain barrier in some part of the
Monte del Maire; and I would pay a fair equiva-
lent for all the territory north of such a barrier.
I would not advocate, under any circumstances,
the annexation of more territory to the Union ex-
cept by a fair purchase, and 9n the payment of a
il just compensation. But, if gentlemen are to suc-
tlie South with a cordon of
free States, from which the people of the South
are to be excluded—if the people of the South are
to be told, that, in acquiring territory, for which
their blood is to be spilled and their treasure ex-
pended, they arc realizing benefits for others,
in which they arc to have no share, and that they
are m effect to be excluded from territory which
their own blood and treasure has helped to win,
then I am against keeping one foot of Mexican
territory—I am opposed to carrying on the war
on any such terms.
Where, I ask, is the justice in excluding the
South from territory for which they are now fight-
ing shouldertoshoulder with our northern brethren?
The people of the North would have the whole of
Oregon; they would get Santa Fe, the Bay of San
Francisco, and Monterey, on the Pacific. All these
would go to the people of the North, oil the princi-
ples of the Missouri compromise. And as to New
Mexico and so much of California as is .south of
the compromise line, it is not desired by slave-
holders. All that the South would get to the south
of the Rio Giandc would be an outlet for" their
slaves to migrate southwardly. I cannot believe
that tile North, then, would be unwilling to stand
by the compromise. But if an impassable wall is
to be built up around the southern States, I had
rather that we should withdraw our armies at once,
and give up every foot of Mexican territory. The
great argument of gentlemen has been, that the war
would give us California. I3ut all that is valuable
in California for commercial or agricultural pur-
poses lies north of the compromise line. Santa
public mind on that subject, I will refer to one or ji ;s m 350 50'-, Monterey, of the Pacific, in 36°
two facts connected with the admission of Texas, j! 35.. an<i San Francisco bay, in 39°.
There were three propositions introduced by mem- Ij "Neither New Mexico nor California embraces
bers from slave States on that subject—one by my ji any territory south of the line of 36° 30' which
11 - _ ... *1. 1-\a r1\/t.. 1 llTf fllft 1 711 7 * . 1 1 _ A— ^ ..y. ii__ - 1 _
colleague on thc left, [Mr. Boyn,] one by the gen-
tleman fiom Tennessee, [Mr. M. Bnowjr,] and
would be desirable to emigrants from the slave-
holding States. Besides, the country is too remote
one by myself. In all these propositions this com- 1 from that commerce ill which they are interested
promise was looked to particularly, and especially ji ailjj u js not probable that there would be o.'ly cmi
provided for. T " ~
In the proposition offered by my-
:elf there was this provision:
Sec. -2. Aw', be if further C'lartetl, That in all that portion
of the termorv whu-li lies north 01" thirty-six (lepi-es and
inirly minutes norlli latitude, slaveiy and nivolunlaiy f-ei-
vitude (otherwise man ;;• tile punishment oi' crimes, wbere-
of the parties shall lrive been duly convicted) shall lie,
and is hereby, forever prohibited."
In the proposition of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee there was this provision: "And such States
' as" may be formed out of that portion of said ter-
< n'tory lying south of tlurty-six degrees thirty
i minutes north latitude, commonly known as the
< Missoiui compromise line, shall be admitted into
_rat'nn to them fiom the South. Thus the North
i would in cffcct, have the whole of New Mexico and '
i the Califoi nias for their emigrants.
j I know that the terms of the compromise are
j confined to the territory we had acquired from
France; but, " he who sticks in the letter sticks in
the bark," will apply to the interpretation that
would confine the principles of that compromise
to the territory with regard to which it was adopt-
ed. If other new territory is not expressed by
name, it was certainly included within the spirit
of the enactment.
I gut the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gro-
that in this attempt to put a restriction
< the Union, with or without slavery, as the peo- | ver] says that 111 this attempt to put a restriction
1 pie of each State asking admission may desire:" ' on the manner of settling new territory theie is no
