164*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 8,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Tibbatts.
Ho. of Reps.
interference with the rights of the South. I insist
that there is a direct interference with their rights
as partners in the ownership of any territory ob-
tained by the common blood and treasure of both
South and North of all parties.
It was truly^observed by the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] to-day, that the North in
that compromise yielded nothing; because it was
the clear right of the South tc^settle anywhere, on
any territory acquired by the common blood and
common treasure of all the States. The yielding
was on the part of the South. She surrendered a
part of that which was her clear and unquestion-
able right; the North yielded nothing.
It will not, I presume, be necessary for me, Mr.
Chairman, to respond to, or repel the charge of
subserviency to the Executive, so often made by
gentlemen on the other side of the House against
those on this side, who are advocates and sup-
porters of the war. I do not think that such a
charge is likely to be urged against me. I think
that I know' myself so well, and that my senti-
ments and acts are so well known by others, that
no one will believe that a charge of that kind would
attach to me. It is well known that I differ from
the Executive on some important points of public
policy, and that I have at all times freely expressed
that difference of opinion, and, on more than one
occasion, followed the dictates of my own judg-
ment, in opposition to the declared wishes of the
Executive. Nor shall I hesitate at any time both
to speak and to vote against his wishes, when I
believe the President to be wrong. I hardly need
advert, in this connexion, to my position in refer-
ence to the harbor and river bill. My position in
relation to that bill, will, I think, relieve me from
the necessity of vindicating my independence of
anything like a servile adherence to the Executive.
That position, T will here take occasion to say, I
intend to maintain. Believing the provisions of
that bill to be right, 1 design to continue to press
the claims of the people of the West; and 1 will
not abandon them, until I am convinced, beyond
all doubt, that my efforts are altogether in vain,
and that it is useless to press them any longer.
In regard to the proposed tax upon tea and
coffee, I openly and strenuously opposed it at the
last session of Congress, and I have done the same
at this session, notwithstanding the pressing rep-
resentations of (he Secretary of the Treasuty.
Whether in doing so, I have also opposed the
wishes of the President, I cannot tell, as nothing
is said about it in the message from which the
views of the Executive may be inferred. But
if the President had recommended that tax, it
would not have altered my opinion upon the sub-
ject, nor have removed my opposition to "it, be-
cause I believe that such a tax would be unneces-
sary. I know that such a tax would be one very
easily collected, but it would not on that account
be any the less unjust. I hold that the people
should be taxed according to their ability to pay;
or, in other words, in proportion to their property.
This should be the fundamental principle m all
systems of taxation. I know that in arranging a
tariff on imports, it is impracticable to arrive at
this standard with entire accuracy; but we ou^nt
to aim at it, and come as near to it as possible, m
laying duties for levenue. But a tax on tea and
coffee would no^only not accord with this princi-
ple, but would be in an inverse proportion to men's
property or ability to pay; it would approach
nearly to a f oil-tax; it would tax the peopie not in
proportion to their ability to pay; but, on the con-
trary, the chief weight of the tax would be a bur-
den upon the laboring classes, because they con-
sume far more of both articles than the wealthy.
In most instances it would be, m fact, a tax upon
the labor and industry of the women and children
of the laboring classes: because those articles are
in agjeat measure purchased by the proceeds of
their labor and industry. I am, sir, therefore op-
posed to such a tax. Neither, if it were just, do I
think it necessary. There are many other modes
by which revenue can be raised to sustain the
country in any emergency. I am not afraid to
tax the people of this country upon any just prin-
ciple; but I regard a tax upon tea and coffee as
unjust and unnecessary. I will make a proposi-
tion, and ask the Clerk to read it, expressive of
my view of the best policy with regard to taxation
at this time. [The Clerk then read the following
amendment to the bill, which Mr. T, proposed to
offer when it should be in order:]
"And he it further enacted, That from and after the pas-
sage of this act, and until the conclusion of the war with
Mexico, there shall be levied, collected, and paid, on all
goods, wares, and merchandise, subjcct to the payment of
duties by the act entitled {Au act reducing the duly on im-
port?, and for other purposes,' approved July 30th, 1846, a
duty of five ppr cent, ad valorem, in addition to the duties
imposed by &aid act."
I do not know of any articlc now taxed, that
would* not bear the proposed increase of jive per
cent. Our imports being over a hundred millions
of dollars, this amendment will produce five mil-
lions of revenue—more than twicc as much as could
be raised off of tea and coffee, and just as easily
collected. This will obviate the necessity of taxing
tea and coffee. If this will not afford enough reve-
nue. then tax the vices of the country. Impose
a direct tax on the manufacture and sale of liquors.
Spirits are now taxed 100 per cent, ad valorem,
and wines 50 per cent. Instead of giving all the
profit arising from so heavy a protection now made
on these articles to the retailers and manufacturers,
put a portion of it into the treasury. This would
be better than taxing the support and industry of
the women and children. If there is still a deficit,
then tax the luxuries of the country. I would im-
pose a tax on pleasure carriages, on gold and silver
plate. This would tax men according to their
wealth.
Gentlemen said that this was mere demagogirig.
It is not demagoging. I have no inducement to
play the demagogue. I have no political aspira-
tions. This is the last time that I shall occupy a
place on this floor. I do not seek for office; I in-
tend to retire to private life at the close of the pres-
ent term. I have, often expressed my determination
to do so. 1 ha"\e seen nothing to change that de-
termination. This is the last time I shall ever hold
a political office so far as it depends upon my own
will or wishes. There can be no ground for such
a charge against me. In the way I have suggested,
ten or fifteen millions of revenue might be raised
off of the vices and luxuries of the country. I
hope my friend near me, the " Chancellor of the
Exchequer," [Mr. McKay,] will furnish us with
the details necessary to carry out such a measure.
If all these sources will not raise sufficient revenue,
then we must borrow some to help out. There
are the money-lenders; if they will not lend us
their money, after being placed in a position to be
able to do it, (which I hope the proper committee
will enable them to do; and, if not, I will myself
! at the proper time, propose a measure for that pur-
; pose,) let us tax them, and get it out of them in
| that way. [Much laughter, and cues of " that
will do."] If they will not lend their money to
enable the Government to carry on the war, let us
tax them and compcl them to contribute their pro-
portion to carry it on.
But I have a word to say to the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who seems to be so anx-
ious to tax tea and coffee. The gentleman should
have recollected, when he was endeavoring to pro-
nounce a censure on those on this side of the
House, who were opposed to taxing those articles,
that he was pronouncing a sweeping rebuke and
condemnation upon his own party, who, univer-
sally, with the solitary exception of the gentleman
himself, voted against the tax.
Then, again, sir, I am opposed to the appoint-
ment of a lieutenant general, a measure which is
proposed by the Executive, but which I consider
unnecessary. But I suppose that it will not be
necessaiy for me to say anything upon that subject,
as I presume that that question is settled.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON was here understood
to say, that the honorable gentleman was mistaken
in supposing that that question was settled,
Mr. TIBBATTS would ask the gentleman the
reason for his entertaining the opinion that such
an officer was necessary.
Mr. THOMPSON would gladly do so, if the
gentleman yielded the floor.
Mr. TIBBATTS. I would take pleasure in do-
ing so, Mr. Chairman, but I fear that the gentle-
man would occupy too much of my time, and he
will no doubt have an opportunity before this de-
j bate closes. I cannot myself, sir, see any neces-
sity at all for the appointment of this officer. I
understand that one reason given for it is, that the
i relations existing between General Scott and Gen-
eral Taylor are of so delicate a character as to re-
quire some interposition, and to prevent difficulties
which may arise between them on account of the
claims which each may suppose himself to have to
the command of the army. If the presence of
General Scott was likely to produce such embar-
rassments, why was he sent? Is General Taylor
incompetent to the command ?—a general who has
won every battle he has been engaged in? Was
there any want of generalship exhibited in the vic-
tories at Palo Alto and Resaca, where he conquer-
ed three times his own number of disciplined
troops; or. in the storming of Monterey, a town so
strongly fortified that it has been termed the Gib-
raltar of Northern Mexico? The nation glories in
these victories. Were they any proof that Taylor
is no general ? Are we now to consider these vic-
tories, in which we have taken so much pride, and
of which we have boasted so much, as no evidence
of generalship?
Is General Scott incompetent? He proved him-
self a brave and gallant officer in the last war—he,
has given no evidence to the contrary since. He
has as yet had no opportunity to test his qualities
in this.
In my judgment, Mr. Chairman, the unfortu-
nate and ill-timed introduction of this question of
slavery, renders it necessary to terminate this as
an aggressive war as soon as it is practicable, (a
question to which I intend to come presently;)
and if this be the policy which will be finally
adopted, the appointment of a lieutenant general
to continue the war will be wholly unnecessary.
But, Mr. Chairman, though, being on this side
of the House, T would not yield a blind subser-
viency to the wishes or dictation of the Executive,
neither would I, were I on the other, be guilty of
a factious and unreasonable opposition to the meas-
ures recommended by it.
On the subject of the rights of Texas and the
war with Mexico, I have spoken on several occa-
sions during the three last sessions of Congress,
I will not attempt to repeat what I said on those
occasions. There is not only a concurrencc, but
I may say a coincidence of opinion between the.
Executive and myself on these subjects. How-
ever gentlemen may make a bold tirade of decla-
mation, vague assertion, and loud clamor against
the Executive in regard to the commencement of
the war, the facts existing in relation to this mat-
ter are so undeniable, and the results necessarily
deducible from them upon the principles of reason
and common sense, are so conclusive, that all these
angry tirades fall at once to the ground, and the
President is placed in a position so impregnable,
that he must stand unscathcd in the eyes of all
unprejudiced men.
Will gentlemen show me when Texa«! composed
an integral part of the empire of Mexico? Did
not Texas protest against the treaty, and rebel
against Spain before the treaty was ratified, which
ceded her to that power? Was not Texas acknow-
ledged to be an independent republic by Mexico,
when she was admitted as a member of the Mexi-
can confederation? Was Texas bound to submit
to the usurpation of Santa Ana, when he over-
threw that Government? Did she not resist suc-
cessfully the attempt of Santa Ana to subject her?
Did she not achicvc her independence of Mexico,
and vindicate her power against Santa Ana on the
field of battle, by conquering- him and making him
a prisoner at San Jacinth Did she not compel
him to acknowledge her independence, and estab-
lish her boundary to the Rio Grande, even before
the independence of Mexico was acknowledged by
Spain ? And though Santa Ana wasa prisoner, was
not the treaty which was made by him afterwards
ratified by Filasola, the general actually command-
ing the Mexican armies.-' and did he not, in accord-
ance therewith, withdraw his troops to the west of
the Rio Grande ? Gentlemen will not deny that
the United States, under every Administration, up
to the cession to Spain, in 1819, claimed the Rio
Grande as the western boundary of Texas; that
this claim was formally asserted by Mr. Monroe,
when he sent a special messenger in June, 1818, to
Galveston, to warn off certain foreign adventurers
who were about to settle in that vicinity, or at any
place north of the Rio Grande; that hy the act of
the Texan Congress, of the 19th December, 1836,
the l£io Grande was, from its mouth to its source,
declared to be the western boundary of Texas, and
