1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
29th Cong 1st Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Thomasson.
Ho. of Reps.
in the correspondence with the British Minister,
had proved it as plain as the letters on a horn-
book; and yet, after all this, forty-nine was agreed
upon, with the apology, that forty-nine was the
line between us and England on the east side of
the Rocky Mountains, and public opinion seemed
to point to it as the one to be observed west to the
Pacific.
And lias not a southern line, which is to divide
the free from the slave territory, been agreed upon ?
Did not Congress, by solemn act of legislation in
the Missouri compromise, establish 36° 30' as the
partition line ? But it is said we did not then own
on this line farther west than what was Louisiana
when purchased. Admitted: but by the very terms
of the resolutions for the admission of Texas, this
line is recognised and established as far west as
Texas extends. Some northern gentlemen speak
of us in the slave States either as powerless, or
that, like childien, pleased with what we got in the
Texan struggle, we should be content; and judg-
ing from what is said here, they are almost pre-
pared to cut our throats for insisting on what we
oelieve to be our rights. Do their consciences
smite them for yielding so tamely and submissively
to the behests of England, that they must now be
avenged on us, their fellow-citizens, by doing us a
crying injustice? Sir, if my advice had prevailed,
no Representative on this floor from a slave State
would have either spoken or voted upon the slave-
ry feature of this bill. Negative opposition should
have sufficed until the time for action arrived; and
then, like men who know and are determined to
defend their rights, meet the issue as it may be
presented by our adversaries.
Sir, there is, to my mind, another serious objec-
tion to this bill; and without knowing how other
gentlemen feel on the subject, truth requires that I
say it is with shame 1 see an American Congress
engaged for weeks in grave deliberation as to how
they shall divide out, to reconcile their different inter-
ests, the territory of a weaker sister republic, seized and
held by violence.
I desire no part or lot in this outrageous trans-
action, and solemnly wash my hands of it. It is
the conduct of the highwayman, saying to Mexico,
Stand ! your land or your lives !
But it has been cast into my teeth, that I voted
for the two million bill of last session with the pro-
viso. This may be so; I have not examined; my
recollection is, that I voted against the proviso; but
when it was adopted, so great was my desire for
peace, that, trusting to the President not to violate
the Missouri compromise, I felt constrained not to
withhold what the friends of the President declared
would, as they believed, enable him to secure an
honorable peace to the country. Besides, it will
be recollected that west of Texas to the Pacific,
and between our present southern line and the
Missouri compromise line, there is more than
twenty millions of acres of land. Now our Presi-
dent must be keener at a trade than he has given
any evidence of, if he can buy that much territory
with two or three millions of dollars.
But one strong reason for voting the money was,
a wish to hold the President and his party strictly
responsible for the war and the manner of its prose-
cution, and therefore I did not wish to withhold
supplies. And although my judgment approved of
the vote when given; yet because of the new phase
the question has since assumed, I will now vote
against the bill, with or without the slavery pro-
viso.
From hal f-suppressed insinuations, I fear this mo-
ney, if voted, is to be the price of treason, and that
tne traitor by it is to be enabled to strike down the
liberties of the citizens of a sister republic. No act
of this character will receive my support or ap
proval, no matter how many acres it may add to
our domain. I would not look a constituent in the
face and attempt to justify such a vote with such a
reason. He would spurn me from his presence.
Besides, we had not then taken forcible possession
of New Mexico and California, nor had the un-
manly declaration been then made, that Mexico
should be forced to fay the tohole expense of the war.
I was then, as now, willing to give Mexico a lib-
eral price for a portion of her territory, and espe-
cially that bordering on the Pacific, with a view to
secure good ports and good trading points for those
engaged in the Pacific trade, but cannot consent to
wrest it from her by force.
[Here Mr. T.'s attention was called to our rights
under the laws of nations.]
Mr. T. (continuing) said, I am reminded that
the law of nations justifies us in holding the con-
quered territory until prescribed terms are complied
with. I beseech gentlemen not to talk to me about
the laws of nations as applicable to this case.
They are at best but rules laid down by the crea-
tures of power, to regulate" the conduct of kings
and of princes, and may be good enough in their
proper place; but they never were intended, and
ought not to apply to a powerful and magnanimous
republic when contending with a weaker sister re-
public. The law of ethics, as between individu-
als, is far preferable, and should be pursued.
But, Mr. Chairman, the object in addressing the
committee was principally to take a view of the
State of the Union. And what is its condition?
Rent in twain by party factions.
The good old maxims of Mr. Jefferson in ap-
! pointing to office, Is he honest? is he qualified ? is
! he attached to the Constitution ? are changed for,
i Is he of our party ? and can he bring strength to
j our ranks ?
What a difference in the benefaction to Ins coun-
try, if General Jackson had done as he advised
! Mr. Monroe to do, " put down the monster par-
j ty." It was a fatal error when he introduced New
i York political tactics into the General Government:
! he and his followers "sowed the wind," and we
i are " reaping the whirlwind." It was the raising
the lid of Pandora's box, from which escapcd
schisms, divisions, heart-burnings,and party strife,
which are followed by lust of power, and crime;
nor does it lessen the evil to know that the intro-
ducers of the creed, like Guillotine, were decapi-
tated by the instrument of their own invention.
A politician of the present day, with fixed prin-
ciples, must of necessity be a partisan, and indeed
' we see the large mass of the people divided into
two parties—the Whigs and Democrats. The
Whites have certain fixed principles, that are well-
known and believed in by every one of the party,
from the centre all round to the utmost extremities
of the Government. The Whigs are frequently
, through the country, and repeatedly upon this
I floor, called, in ridicule, the party of many names.
| Now, I assert, they have never changed their
party names without a corresponding change on
the part of their opponents. Let us examine the
history of the times—and it is deemed unneces-
sary to go further back than the Presidency of the
younger Adams, for under Mr. Monroe nineteen-
twentieths of the citizens were Republicans, the
name then in use in contradistinction to that of
Federalist. During the Presidency of Mr. Adams,
the present Whigs were called Administration
men, because they were the friends of the Presi-
dent; whilst the now Democrats, including mostly
the friends of Jackson, Crawford, and Calhoun,
were called anti-Administration men. When Jack-
son succeeded to the Presidency, his friends, not
likin<* the name of Administration men, because
their° opponents had been so called under Mr.
Adams, assumed the name of " The Jackson Par-
ty,"—and the opposition (the present Whigs)
assumed the name of " National Republicans," j
Thus stood parties, by names, until Mr. Yan Bu- ,
ren succeeded to the Presidency. The name of
"The Jackson Party" under his successor, would j
not be appropriate, so they arbitrarily assumed the j
name of " Democrat," and the opposite party, at \
. the same time, assumed the name of " Whig." i
]I And thus we stand at the present day. It is not |
!' deemed important to mention the many subdivis- j
, ions of the great self-styled, harmonious, and un- j
ji terrified Democratic party—for the Nullifies of .
I the South, the Mormons of the West, the Sub- i
I' terraneans, Barnburners, and Old Hunkers, of the ;
i: North,'are but a portion of the great party that one j
'' of their present leaders once said " was held to-
' gether by the cohesive power of public plunder."
Let it be recollected that the Government has
been under the control of the Democrats for eigh-
teen years, except the twenty-seventh Congress, j
which was Whig; and of which it is sufficient to 1
say in the language of the venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] " that the
' twenty-seventh Congress did more to correct
t abuses under the General Government, and ad-
' vance the prosperity of the country, than any
' Congress since the adoption of the Constitution .
This declaration was made upon this floor, in the
presence and hearing of more than a- hundred
Democrats, and it has never been denied, or at-
tempted to be refuted.
What are the principles of the Democratic party?
When "opposition to the Whig principles" is
mentioned, you have nine-tenths of the creed of
the party. And as to their practices, I make the
assertion, without the fear of successful contradic-
tion, that not one of the predictions of the leaders
of the party, as to the effect and operation of any
one of the many important experiments they have
introduced, has ever been verified. And one or
two occasions in which I was an actor, and still
have a lively feeling, are referred to.
11 will be recollected that the letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury (Mr. Walker) upon the annexation
of Texas was addressed to citizens of Carroll, one
of the counties of the district I have the honor to rep-
resent. When addressing a respectable audience of
that county in my first canvass for a seat here, one
of Mr. Walker's correspondents propounded to
mo the question whether, if elected, I would or
not go for the annexation of Texas to the Union?
My answer (as many good citizens of that county
of both parties will doubtless recollect) was, that
to agitate the question then, pending the Texan
war with Mexico, was premature; that to annex
whilst that war existed was impolitic and unwise;
that it must inevitably lead to a war between the
United States and Mexico; and that so long as the
war continued between Texas and Mexico, or so
long as Mexico continued to declare she would
view annexation as a national indignity,an insult,
and just cause of war, I should oppose it. The
leaders amongst the friends of annexation there,
as well as throughout the district, declared to each
other there was not the least danger of war with
Mexico. They chargcd that myself and other
Whigs used the argument of a war only for the
purpose of driving the Demociadc party from their
fixed determination of annexation. But they would,
with an air of boasting, ask, Suppose war does
ensue, what have we to dread in a conflict with so
weak and distracted an adversary ?
Again: it is less than two years since the honor-
able member from the second district in Indiana
and myself addressed a respectable audience, com-
posed principall y of farmers of the counties of Clark
and Floyd, in Indiana. In a few plain remarks, I
endeavored to show, from the protest of the Mexi-
can Minister and other evidences then familiar,
that, if Texas was annexed, a war with Mexico
was inevitable; that Mexico had declared that the
act of annexation would be considered " an act of
hostility;" and, consequently, if she intended to
preserve her honor she must fight. The gentle-
man followed in his flippant style^describingTexas
as an El Dorado for man's enjoyment, and in a
long strain of ridicule upon a supposed war with
Mexico, declared, that if that Government should
so far forget herself as to begin a war with us, a
portion of our citizens would take the war upon
contract. The utterance of this last sentiment pro-
duced most rapturous applause, and the overjoyed
audience seemed ready to tear out the vitals of the
Mexicans, that they might follow the honorable
member, who pointed theni, if not to De Soto's
supposed rejuvenizmg spring of water, at least to
a land described by him as flowing with milk and
honey.
Such are the predictions of the Democrats, and
dear experience has taught us the results.
When the question was seriously put, however,
to the Democrats, " If you believed that annexa-
tion would result in a war with Mexico, would
you go for it?" nine out of ten of the considerate
of the party would answer in the negative; but
they would add, we have the strongest assurances
from those in whom we confide that there will be
no war, and therefore we go for annexation..
Well, Texas has been .annexed, and we are at
war with Mexico. And although it was currently
iepovted here, shortly after the battles of the 8th
and 9th of May last, that the Cherokee Indians
had, through some of their chiefs then here, agreed
to take the war on contract at£ve millions of dol-
lars and whip the Mexicans to our full content,
yet we have not heard or seen one word or act of
the honorable'gentleman, going to show a disposi-
tion to redeem his pledge to his delighted constitui-
ents.
