1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Tilden.
Ho. of Reps.
by the tariff of 1846; but they may wish to know
if the failure equal to one-third of the cotton crop,
and almost an entire failure of the harvests through-
out Europe, may not have caused this advance in
prices there; and other questions may be asked,
and the Democratic answers are respectfully called
for. And if it is said that one who is opposed to
the war should not have voted supplies of either
men or money, to such the answer is, The good
Lafayette could not prevent the populace from
marching upon Versailles; he was, therefore, gov-
erned by the dictates of prudence and patriotism in
accompanying them, to restrain them from ex-
cesses, and to try, ultimately, if possible, to influ-
ence their actions.
In rendering an account to the Whigs, a plain,
truthful story will be told, and they will be asked
to excuse what is not approved, for it would be
assuming too much to suppose that every act upon
such a variety of subjects, of such vital importance,
would conform to the better judgment of every
friend. And I would say to the Whigs, he of good
cheer, for in the dark vigils of my somewhat lonely
watch, all the lights of the times have been sum-
moned to my aid, with which to look down the
vista of time. And although a dark cloud like unto
the pall of death hung over it, yet by a continued
jxnd steadfast gaze, I saw, or thought I saw, through
the mind's eye, the vessel of State; she appeared
newly burnished and painted; her name, Constitu-
tion, was emblazoned upon her side, the broad
pennant of her commander floated in the breeze,
and upon it were written in letters of gold—
Protection to American labor;
A sound circulating medium, regulated by the
national will;
Internal improvements upon national objects,
with the annual surplus in the treasury;
A distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands amongst the States, to assist in reliev-
ing them from their debts, and to encourage inter-
nal improvements and univeisal education;
A curtailing and limiting of Executive power;
A strict observance of national faith.
And as the vessel glided smoothly on her way,
the look-out cry of" All's well," was echoed back
by sounds of joy and thankfulness from millions
of happy passengers, the sound of whose voices
reached a dense crowd that no man could number;
they were the lovers of human liberty throughout
the world, who had assembled to witness in the
successful process of fulfilment the great experi-
ment—man's capacity for self-goveminent. And,
when they had seen and heard, they, with beaming
eyes and grateful hearts, with one universal shout,
bid the voyagers a happy God-speed. [Here some
one called out, " Name your commander;" to
which Mr. T. responded:] Let no one mention
the name of a commander, until the good ship |
shall be put in dry-dock, to refit for the glorious ;
voyage. !
. - j
THE SLAVERY GtUESTION. J
SPEECH OF MR. D. R. TILDEN,
OF* OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
February 4, 1847.
The Bill making; Appropriations for the Civil and
Diplomatic Expenses of the Government, being
under consideration in Committee of the Whole—
Mr. TILDEN said:
Mr. Chairman: I have been waiting for some
time to present a few remarks on this Mexican war,
and the present is perhaps as favorable an oppor -
tunity as 1 will get for doing it. This subjecthas
become one of paramount interest in the public
estimation, and we shall be held to a strict account-
ability for the course we pursue in regard to it.
My object at this time is to justify the course which
I have heretofore, and which I intend hereafter, to
pursue upon all questions having relation to this
war.
Those with whose views my own coincideupon
this subject, have been denounced as wanting iu
fidelity to the country, and the term " traitor" has
not been considered too harsh or offensive to be
applied to them. Now, sir, I have no high claim
to patriotism; I am not remarkably gifted in that
way; and certainly profess none of that extrava-
gant love of country which sometimes manifests
itself over the way. I have none of that deep and
absorbing love of country which drives out every
selfish and personal consideration. This is a virtue
much talked of, but very rarely witnessed. I do,
however, profess to have some just sense of what
is due from the citizen to the Government; and I
trust I shall at all times be ready to make every
necessary and proper sacrifice for the maintenance
of the true interests and honor of my country.
And I am not willing to submit to these charges of
treason without at least making an effort to defend
myself; and this becomes the more necessary at
this time, from the new and extraordinary repre-
sentations which have been made by the Presi-
dent m his last annual message, as to the causes
and objects of this war. This message, I presume,
has gone to the fireside of every family in my dis-
trict, and the statement.? it contains are enforced by
all the power which the high and commanding
position of the President of this republic is calcu-
lated to give to his opinions.
It is true, that I have never felt called upon to
support this war; I voted against the first propo-
sition that was introduced here for supplies for its
prosecution; and with all the reflection I have been
able to give, I have not yet satisfied myself that I
erred m giving that vote. I believed then, as I now
believe, that the war was both unjust and unneces
sary, and forced upon us by the unauthorized and
unconstitutional act of the President; and that it
was due to the honor of the country and to the
general interests of mankind, that we recede
from the position we had been made to occupy.
And however little favor these opinions may meet
with on this floor, I am constrained to believe they
are the opinions entertained by a very large por-
tion of the people of this country. I think we
have had an unmistakeable expression of popular
condemnation of this war. It is to these war
measures of this Administration, more than to any
other feature in its ruinous policy, that the public
mind has been directed; and by them, more than
all else, has been effected thai most extraordinary
political revolution, which the country has under-
gone within the last few months. And even upon
this floor, sir, notwithstanding all that may have
been said in its favor, I doubt much if it has
many very sincere friends. On the Whig side of
the House, I do not understand there is any differ-
ence of opinion as to the character of this war.
Divest the subject of the difficulty which exists
m the minds of certain gentlemen of the power of
the Government to recdee from this conflict with
Mexico without a sacrifice of its honor—leave the
question open so that this House might consider
and determine upon the causes and objects of the
war, and I believe I hazard nothing in saying that
the Whigs would be unanimous in opposition to
it. The difference of opinion among them is not
i in fact whether the war shall, or shall not, be
j prosecuted; but it is a difference of opinion as to
j the best means of getting out of the difficulty into
i which we have been plunged "by the President.
' I, of course, cannot be presumed to express con-
j fidently an opinion as to what are the private views
! entertained of this war by gentlemen over the
way, not being in their counsels. If they are
i really in favor of it, or believe that the people have
I adopted this war of the President's, they have
! certainly a very odd way of showing it.
I I have been informed, Mr. Chairman, that there
i have been great misgivings among your friends,
when they have contemplated their relation to this
. question. I wonder, sir, if you have never heard
i it whispered in your party councils, so often oon-
! vened in this Capitol, that you must get out of this
1 war, or the hopes of the Democratic party would
be blasted. I have heard as much; and upon this
ground alone can be explained the extraordinary
; course which your party have pursued upon this
| floor in regard to this war. You have acted as
| though you believed the people were not with
| you upon it
[ You resolved, on the motion of the gentleman
!' from Missouri, [Mr. Sims,] a few weeks since,
! ■ that the people of this country were too patriotic—
yes, too patriotic—to refuse any necessary tax for
ij the support of a just war. But why is it, I in-
j, quire of gentlemen present—-why is it, after having
! I thus unanimously resolved that the people have
Eatriotism enough to support a just war, that you
ave not made your appeal to that patriotism ? I
understand that, at the last session of Congress,
you so remodelled the 'revenue system, that no
more money was to be received into the treasury
than was necessary to meet the current expenses
of the Government in time of peace. Nothing,
then, in the way of revenue, under the present
system, is to be expected for paying off that enor-
mous national debt with which you are "now bur-
dening the people of this country. Why not pay
as you go in this business, and appeal directly to
the people, in the form of taxation, for the means
for carrying on this war? Why beg through all
the money markets of the Union for these means?
Why encounter a loss of millions, by way of dis-"
count on your loans? And, above all, why is it-
that your party, who, for the last ten years, have
boasted of their purpose to establish for us an exclu-
sively metallic cm rency, are now about to fasten
upon us one of the vilest systems of paper circu-
lation that ever cursed this or any other country—
an issue of twenty-eight millions of treasury notes,
based upon nothing for their payment but the bro-
ken-down credit of the Government? This you
are now about to bring upon the country, with its
long train of evils—inflated prices, wild and reck-
less speculation, ultimate ruin to the laboring
classes, and advantage only to the unprincipled
and swindling speculator.
Why is it, I again inquire, you do not at once
resort to a tax upon the people, and escape the
consequences of your present legislation? The
answer is, you dare not. You know this war has
no popularity with the people, and you are afraid
to ask for the means for carrying it on.
The gentleman on my right, the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,j is opposed to a duty
on tea and coffee. He objects to a tax on people's
stomachs. He is willing to strew the plains of
| Mexico with the mouldering and shattered skele-
[ tons of our biave men, but feels too deeply for the
j dear people to impose what he calls a tax upon
S their stomachs. How much better is a man's
I stomach than a man !
] Another Democratic gentleman, equally patri-
| otic, the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Wick,]
| has equally strong objections to a direct tax on
luxuries; and thus, by this most happy difference
of opinion, the danger of a tax in any form is avoid-
ed. Whatever may be the real opinions of the
friends of the Administration of this war, how-
ever much they may be opposed to it, and what-
ever fears they may have of its consequences, they
are compelled by political considerations to press .
it on. It has been commenced by them, and they
must give the war popularity, or the war will give
them (in the language of the gentleman from Indi-
ana yesterday)tribulation. [Laughter.] Butenough
upon this point.
i I proposed in the outset to inquire (and that was
; my principal object in rising) into the statements
| of fact which the President has made, and which
! he has uiged to the country as a justification for
I bringing this war upon us.
I His first ground of justification is, that the war
was necessary as a means for enforcing an indem-
: mty for claims due by Mexico to our citizens.
j1 And^first as to these claims: There are many of
!! them no doubt valid, and which Mexico is honor-
! ably bound to pay; while there are others (accord-
: ing to the opinion of those who are best informed
; upon this subject) which she ought not to pay.
'! Many of these'losses, for which indemnity is now
■ asked, have resulted from the attempts of our citi-
!■ zens to violate the revenue laws of Mexico. But
|j whatever may be the amount justly due, there is
1: no doubt it would have been long since honorably
II adjusted, but for the continual outrages which the
! citizens of this country, with the acquiescence of
i the Government, have committed upon that de-
!, fenceless people. And had we paid Mexico, as
,1 we once proposed to do, for that of which we have
• ' since robbed her, it would have been more than
| • sufficient to have liquidated every demand of our
i citizens against her. More than fifteen years ago,
ji we offered to purchase Texas from Mexico, and
five millions of dollars were offered her for this
!> province. She refused to cede it to us. We re-
|: newed the offer; and so pertinaciously and offen-
i! sively was this subject pressed upon her by our
! 1 Minister near that Government, that Mexico de-
