1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Tilden.
Ho, OF Reps,
President in Texas, giving assurances, in disregard
of the law of Congress, that if the overture of an-
nexation was accepted them, this Government
would guarantee their claim of territory to the Rio
Grande. This agent, Mr. Donelson, in his de-
spatch to the Secretary of War, dated July 11,
1845, says: C<I have encouraged no aggressive
' movement to take forcible possession of the Rio
* Grande. I have nevertheless omitted no oppor-
* tunity of satisfying all parties here that the United
s States would in good faith maintain the claim, and
4 that I had every reason to believe they would do
* so successfully." This is the bargain we are
now enforcing at a sacrifice of so much of the blood
and treasure of the country.
And this Mr. I>onelson in this despatch furnishes
to the Secretary the grounds upon which we must
base our title to this territory. He says*'4 the grounds
upon which this claim appears to him defensible are,
first, the revolutionary right of Texas to enforce
such a political organization as they may deem
necessary to their happiness; second, the acknowl-
edgement of Santa Ana, by whose concessions in
1836 his army was allowed to return to Mexico,
and carry with them valuable arms and munitions,
by which Texas was prevented from following up
the advantages of victory, among which was the
opportunity of establishing herself on the Rio
Grande; third, the capacity of Texas> if not now, at
least in a short period, to establish by force her claim
to this boundary; fourth, the United States, after
annexation, in addition to the foregoing grounds,
will have the older one founded on the Louisiana
claim; but fifth, and lastly, to which all these con-
siderations are but subsidiary, the necessity which
exists for the establishment of the Rio Grande as
the boundary between the two nations."
Here, then, are the grounds of our title, as fur-
nished by the President's own agent, after care-
fully consulting with the most distinguished men
in Texas. They are in fact the grounds of title
which Texas herself has furnished to the world:
and what are they ? Let me repeat them: ]st. The
revolutionary right of Texas, which has no appli-
cation to this case. 2d. The agreement of Santa
Ana, (not a treaty, as the President contended in
his message,) by which he was permitted to return
to Mexico, thereby depriving Texas of the oppor-
tunity of establishing herself on the Rio Grande.
3d. The capacity of Texas, if not then, in a short
time, to establish her claim to this boundary by force.
4th. Our title by the Louisiana, treaty. And lastly,
and to which all these other grounds of title are but
subsidiary, the necessity which subsists for making
the Rio Grande the boundary between the two
countries. Here is all that can be said of our claim.
This claim, Mr. Donelson was qualified to pre-
sent in all its force. He made up his opinions
upon the best authorities; and here is the summing
up of his investigation ; and the grounds, as he
has given them to us, upon which we are to rest
our claim to this territory, amount to this and no
more: that we deem the territory necessary to us,
and have power to wrest it from Mexico. Sir, the
highwayman could make out an equally valid claim
to the traveller's purse. Sure I am, that there is
not to be found in the history of modern civilized
nations an instance of grosser outrage than the
seizure of this Mexican territory upon the grounds
set forth by this agent of the President.
And now. sir, how stands the case? Is it true,
as the President has asserted, that the left bank of
the Rio Grande was a part of Texas, which the
Constitution made it his duty to defend ? Is it true,
as he stated at the commencement of hostilities,
that " American blood had been spilt upon Ameri-
can soil?" And is it true, as you stated in your
preamble to the war bill, " that whereas, by the
act of Mexico, war exists between that republic and
the United States"? I cannot hope for a candid
answer to these inquiries from the majority upon
this floor. You have placed yourself in a position
where you cannot answer tnem. But I am not
mistaken in the response that will be given to them
by the moral and intelligent portion of the people
of this country. They will soon speak to you their
views of this subject, and their condemnation of
this war, in a language that you will not be likely
to misunderstand.
I have voted against this war from a belief that
it was commenced by the President, and not the
people, in pursuance of that corrupt contract to
which I have referred, made between him and the
people of Texas. I voted against it, because I was
not willing to sanction the outrage upon the Con-
stitution, committed by the President in commen-
cing this war. I voted against it, because I be-
lieved it to be a war of conquest and aggression,
having for its ulterior object the extension and per-
petuation of human slavery. I have voted against
supplies for its prosecution,* because I believed the
best means for securing a speedy peace between
the two Governments, and of maintaining the true
interests and honor of the country, would be to
withdraw our arrfty within the limits of the United
States.
Now, sir, to what advantages can the friends of
the war point me that will be"likely to result from
its further posecution ? What are we to gain by
this waste of treasure and havoc of human life,
that any true friend of the country can rejoice at?
If there be anything, no gentleman upon this floor
has as yet pointed it out. I believe the opinion is
fast gaining ground here, that this is to be a war
without results; or, if any, they will be unmiti-
gated disaster to the country. No one anticipates
any other possible result than the further conquest
of Mexican territory; and, sir, when this is effect-
ed, you will have a question presented that will
shake this Government to its foundations. The
question whether slavery shall be extended over
the conquered territory, will at once come up for
consideration. Southern gentlemen have already
said upon this floor, that the South will never con-
sent that any portion of this conquered country
shall come into this Union as free territory. I
know that there is an equally firm determination
on the part of the Worth that it shall not come in
as slave territory. And I warn gentlemen of the
South not to deceive themselves upon this subject,
by relying upon the past action of the North on
this great question. There will be no more con-
cessionyupon the part of the North. The people
have taken this subject into their own hands; and
never, since the organization of the Government,
was there a deeper interest awakened in regard to
it than at this time. And, sir, after the present
session, you will have from our section of the
Union no more corrupt politicians upon this floor,
who will be found truckling to this gigantic slave
power. The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Burt,] when he said the other day that there was
a rapidly-growing feeling at the North against sla-
very, was entirely right. The time was, when
northern politicians were upon this floor Hiding
you even ingagging thcirown constituents; but that
time has gone by forever. If you count upon aid
from this class of men, you count without your
host. I will not say that your old allies, for politi-
cal purposes, may not again combine with you to
promote this slave interest; if they do, and that
purpose is known at home, very few of them will
ever be able to find their way into this Hall. You
will have men hereafter from the free States upon
this floor whose faces will be set as a flint against
the further expansion of slavery, or the further
increase of the slave power of this Union.
I know this is a very exciting question, and one
which appeals upon both Rides to the strongest
feelings of our nature; and in giving a candid ex-
pression of my views, I may endanger the social
relations which exist between me and certain gen-
tlemen whose opinions upon this subject are the
very extremes of my own. But we have arrived
at a crisis in the history of this institution of sla-
; very, and it is due to ourselves and our common
:! country that there be no concealment of our views
'' with regaid to it. Let the feelings of the different
sections of this country be made known, so that
in the future action of this Government concerning
slavery, we may know what are to be the conse-
quences. In presenting my own views I shall en-
deavor to present the views of the section of coun-
try I represent. I need not say I hold slavery to be
wrong in itself, and a flagrant outrage upon the
rights of humanity. And, sir, if our human na-
ture can be taught upon this subject, then have I
been taught these opinions by those who in their
day were among the most distinguished men in
:j the slaveholdmg section of this Union. I adopt
jj the statement contained m our Declaration of Inde-
pendence, in the sense in which it was understood
I by its author: " I hold these truths to be self-
4 evident that all men are created equal; and that
* they are endowed by their Creator with certain •
' inalienable rights; and that, among these, are
* life,liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." ITiese
were sentiments of universal acceptance at the for-
mation of the Government. But they are now riot
only denied in practice, but even their principles-
are gravely controverted.
I content myself with this brief exposition of mjr
views of slavery, and now ask, for a very short
time, the attention of the committee to its condi-
tion at the formation of the Government; the esti-
mation in which it was held by all parties in %
that day; its extension, and the means by which
that extension has been effected.
I have been led to believe from the history of
those times, that at the organization of the Gov-
ernment, slavery in this Union was upon the de-
cline. It had been abolished in many of the
northern States; and in other of those States, where
it still existed, efforts were then being made for its
speedy abolition. The spirit of that day was
against it. It was rebuked by those principles
which brought the Government into being; and '
the distinguished men in all sections of our coun-
try looked forward to a day, not distant, when it
would be abolished throughout the Union. Cer-
tain it is, that no one at that time contemplated that
this institution would enlarge itself, and that this
republican Government, based upon the doctrine
of the equal rights of men, would be balanced be-
tween free and slave institutions. And,, sir, I
aver that the extension of slavery in this country
has been in violation of the intentions and expect-
ations of.those who framed the Government.
The ordinance for the government of the North-
western Territory was enacted by the Continental
Congress the same year that the Constitution was
adopted, and that portion of the ordinance which
forever prohibited slavery from that1 territory re-
ceived the unanimous support of the members
representing the sla\eholding States in that Con-
gress. This constituted all the territory then be-
longing to the United States. I do not understand
that the purchase of Louisiana, or any other tern-
; tory, was, at that time, anticipated by any one.
; Here, then, was presented the question, whether
^ any new States thereafter to be brought into the
: Union should have power to hold slaves? And it
is itiost extraordinary, if there was a public senti-
| ment in any portion of the country favorable to
' the extension of slavery, that it did not manifest
f itself on this occasion. The lestriction of slavery
to its then existing limits seemed to have been
conceded as a matter of course, and as one of the
necessary results of carrying out the principles
upon which the Government was founded.
But this is not the only evidence of what was
the public sentiment of that day in relation to sla-
very. I might refer the committee to the declara-
tions of a long list of distinguished southern gen-
tlemen, to show what the opinions of the South
were at that time upon this subject. I might refer
to the opinions of Washington, Jefferson, Mar-
shall,Wythe, Pendleton, Mason, and m'any others;
all of whom expressed opinions of slavery, which,
when now uttered, are regarded by the descend-
ants of those great men as the ravings of fanati-
cism .
The year before the adoption of the Constitution,
a Doctor Price, of England, published a pamphlet
against slavery, which was circulated in Virginia
and other States. It was what would be now call-
ed an abolition tract—such as are sometimes put
forth in New England and other free States, and
when they get south of Mason and Dixon's line,
are burnt upon the public squares by the common
hangman. 1 will read a letter from Mr. Jefferson
to Doctor Price concerning this pamphlet, for the
purpose of showing what were then his opinions
upon slavery.
Here Mr. T. read from the 1st volume of Jef-
ferson's Works, page 268, as follows;
" Your favor of July 2d came duly to hand. The coneei n
you therein express as to the effect of your pamphlet in
America, induces me to trouble you with some observations
on that subject.
Fjom iuy acquaintance with that country, I think I am
able to judge with some degree of ccitainty of the manner
in which it will have been received. South of the Chesa-
peake, it will find but few readeis coiieurringuifh if in sen-
timent on the subject of s!a\ery. Fiom the mouth to the
head of the Chesapeake, the bulk of the people will approve
of it in theory, nnd it will find a reepoctable minoiity ready
! to adopt it in practice; a minority which, for weight and
