172
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 4,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Tilden.
Ho. of Reps.
• worth of character, preponderates against the greater num-
ber who have not the courage to divest their families of a
property, which, however, keeps their consciences unquiet
North of the Chesapeake, you may find here and there an.
opponent to yoar doctrine, as you may find here and there
a robbei and murderer, but in no greater number. In that
part of America there being but few slaves, they can easily
disencumber themselves of them; and emancipation is put
in such a tram that in a few years there will be no slaves
northward of Maryland. In Maryland, I do not find such a
disposition to begin the redress of this ■enormity as in Vir-
ginia. This is the next State to which we may turn our
eyes, for the interesting spectacle of justice in conflict with
avarice and oppression, a conflict where the sacred side ts
daily gaining recruits from the influx into office of young
men grown and growing up. These have sucked in the
principles of liberty, as it were, with their mothers' milk,
and it is to them I look with anxiety to turn the fate of this
question. Be not therefore discouiaged. What you have
written will do a great dual of good."
These are the opinions of Jefferson, at the time
the Constitution was adopted. And it is evident
he believed that there were causcs then operating
that would abolish slavery throughout the Union.
He says that 44 justice was in conflict with ava-
4 nee and oppression, and m this conflict the sacred
* side was daily gaining recruits." But the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr,. Sims,] told us a
day or two ago, that slavery was-a divine institu-
tion, and that all Abolition movements had their
origin in infidelity. Now, inasmuch as Mr. Jef-
ferson was in France at the time of writing this
letter, -the gentleman may presume that these
wicked impressions of slavery weie given to his
mind by French infidels: [Mr. Sims. Yes, sir,
nothing but French infidelity.] I will then give
the gentleman the opinions of another distin-
guished southern man of that day, who, it can-
not be presumed, was under such influence. 1
refer him to die opinions of Colonel Mason, con-
tained in a speech made in the Virginia Conven-
tion upon that clause in the Constitution of the
United States which prohibits the African slave
trade. It shows what were his views of the di-
vine character of this institution. This speech
may be found in the fourth volume of Elliot's De-
bates. Mr. Mason said: 44 The poor despise labor
4 when performed by slaves. They prevent the
4 emigration of whites, who really enrich and
4 strengthen a country. They produce the most
'pernicious effect on manners. Every master of
4 slaves is born a petty tyrant. They bring the
4 judgment of Heaven on a country. As nations
4 cannot be rewarded or punished in the next
4 world, they must be punished in this." I might
multiply quotations, and show that these views of
Mr. Mason were the views entertained by all the
leading men of the South at that time. And can
it be supposed that they desired the extension of j
slavery, and the accumulation of those horrors
alluded to by Mr. Mason in this speech? I will
not do such gross injustice to their memory, as to
suppose it. Let those who arc the natural guar-
dians of their fame upon this floor, do it if they
like.
Now, what has been the history of this institu-
tion from that day to this? It has been one of
constant encroachment upon liberty. Here, in the
first place only by permission, and its existence
barely tolerated, it has, by that combination which
this interest is always capable of making against
the free States, enlarged and strengthened itself,
until it has become the directing and governing
power in this country. And while gentlemen have
constantly cried out to us of the free States, "Hands
off," it has been, through the agency of the Gen-
eral Government, that this enlargement of slavery
has been effected. The interests of the country
required the purchase of Louisiana, and the pur-
chase was made with fifteen millions of our money.
It became the territory of this professedly free re-
public; but no sooner was it ours, than this interest
seized upon it, and converted its fairest portions
into slave States. So it was with Florida, which
we purchased at an expense of five millions more;
and this, too, slavery appropriated to herself. Rut
not content with these helps, which it has received
from the General Government, it has gone out of
the limits of our Union for territory, over which
to spread this system of oppression.
This is a brief outline of the views entertained
on this subject in my section of the country. And
I believe that it is the view generally entertained
in the free States. And depend upon it, whatever
territory you may acquire from Mexico, by con-
quest or otherwise, will never, with the consent of
the North, come into this Union as slave territory.
We have paid the last dollar, and fought the last
battle, in the cause of oppression, in my opinion.
During the progress of this argument, frequent
allusion has been made to the Missouri compro-
mise, (so called,) and southern gentlemen have con-
tended that by this pretended compromise, the
North have assented to slavery in all territory
south of 36° 30'. I have recently taken pains to
examine into the history of this much-talked-of
compromise, and found it, what I expected to find
it, a device got up by the South, and laid hold of by
northern politicians to justify them at home for
their subserviency in the cause of slavery. There
never was such a compromise. There cannot well
be a greater perversion of language than to call
these proceedings a compromise. It seems, when
the bill for the admission of Missouri as a State into
the Union was before the House, a proviso was
ingrafted upon die bill, prohibiting slavery in that
State, which proviso was in these words:
" There shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
in said State, otherwise than in the punishment of cranes;
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted."
This proviso or amendment was sustained by a
very decided majority m the Hoqse, and in this
form the bill went up to the Senate. The Senate
disagreed to this amendment of the House. A
committee of conference was had, and the mana-
gers on the part of the House'recommended that
this clause in the bill be stricken out, and that the
following proviso be added to the bill:
" That m all that territory ceded by Prance to the United
States undet the name of Louisiana, and which lies north
of thirty-six degiees and thirty minutes north latitude, not
included within the limits of the State contemplated by this
act, slavery and involuntary servitude, otherwise than in the
punishment of crimes whereoft the parties shall have been
duly convicted, shall be, and is hereby, forever prohibited."
The question came up in the House upon stri-
king out that clause in the bill which prohibited
| slavery in Missouri. This was the test vote, and
here it is we are to look for a compromise if any
such existed. I find, sir, upon analyzing this vote,
that there were thirteen northern men, all told,
who voted for striking out; four of whom were
from Massachusetts, two from Connecticut, two
from Pennsylvania, two from New York, two from
New Jersey, and one from Rhode Island, Ohio
was represented upon this floor at that time by
four members, and I ain happy, and proud, too, to
have it m my power to say that none of them went
for striking out this prohibitory clause in that bill.
The free States then had in this House ninety-
nine members, and the meager minority of thir-
teen, we are told, irrevocably committed the North
to the extension.of slavery south of 36° 30'. Those
men, sir, were northern deserters; they disregard-
ed the well-known will of the North, and I might
add, the dictates of justice and humanity, in voting
: with the South on that question. And did the
North by any act of theirs afterwards acquiesce in
or approve of the vote of these thirteen men ? No,
the facts are notoriously the contrary of this. There
was a general feeling of indignation towards them
for this vote throughout the entire North. So in-
tense was this feeling, as is well known to many
gentlemen here, that on returning to their homes,
many of these men were followed by the hisses
and execrations of their incensed constituents.
They were regarded as the betrayers of the North,
and very few of them were able to live down the
consequences of that vote. Most of them went
into obscurity, and have never since been heard of
in political life. Some two or three of them were,
by peculiar ciicumstances, again restored to the
confidence of the people. So far from the North
acquiescing in this vote, there were the strongest
demonstrations on her part against it. And as fur-
ther proof of this, I ask the attention of the com-
mittee to certain resolutions of the New York
Legislature, passed the very next year after this
vote was given.
These are the resolutions:
" Whereas the inhibiting thf> further extension of slavery
in these United States is a subject of deep concern anion?
the people of this State ; and whereas we consider slavery
an evil much to be deplored, and that every constitutional
barrier shfllild be interposed to prevent its further extension,
and that the Constitution of the United States clearly gives
Congress the right to require of new States not comprised
within the original boundanes of these United States, the
prohibition of slavery as the condition of their admission
into the Union : Therefore,
"Resolved, That uur Senators be instructed, and our Rep-
resentatives m Congress requested, to oppose the admission
as a State into the Union, of any territory not comprised a.s
aforesaid, without making the prohibition of slavery theiein
an indispensable condition of admission."
We see by these resolutions that New York did
not regard herself compromised upon this question
of slavery, by the vote on the Missouri bill. In
these resolutions she instructs her Senators and re-
quests her Representatives in Congress to vote
against the admission of any State into the Union,
wherever located, whether north or south of thirty-
six-thirty, unless by the constitution of that State
slavery should be forever prohibited. And these
resolutions, as I have learned, were called forth by
the indignation that was felt throughout that whole
State at the course taken by her two Representa-
tives upon that bill. But New York was not alone;
the other free States entertained the same views.
All regarded the vote of these thirteen northern
men, by which the clause in that bill prohibiting
slavery was stricken out, and this pretended com-
promise clause inserted, as an act of treachery to
the North.
There are other unanswerable objections which
I might urge against the right of the South to in-
sist on this vote as a compromise. First, the want
of power in Congress, by an ordinary act of legis-
lation, to restrain or limit the action of the people
upon a question of this character. In the second
place, the very compromise which the South here
sets up, they have themselves disregarded. Texas
was admitted into this Union by the unanimous
voice of the South, with a boundary extending
far north of this compromise line, and with a con-
stitution which not only authorized slavery, but
prohibited her legislature from abolishing it. And
even at. the present session we have seen southern
gentlemen very unanimously voting against a pro-
vision for excluding slavery from Oregon. I find
gentlemen's opinions of this compromise vary ac-
cording to the circumstances or according to the
objects designed to be promoted. Whenever sla-
very is to be extended, then it furnishes no obsta-
cle; but when any measure is before us for limiting
or restraining slavery, then this compromise is
thrust into our faces.
But suppose there was in the vote upon the Mis-
souri bill a compromise between the North and
South, how con it be made to apply to territory in
Mexico ? By the very terms of this clause, insisted
on as a compromise, it only applied to the Louisi-
ana purchase. Its language is, 44 all that territory
' ceded by France to the United States lying north
4 of thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes north
4 latitude, slavery shall be forever prohibited," &c.
Now, no one will pretend that this Mexican terri-
tory is a part of the Louisiana purchase, unless,
like President Polk, they go back of our treaties
with Spain and Mexico, by which we conceded
this territory to be no part of that purchase. No
one, during the progress of this discussion, I be-
lieve, has advocated this disgraceful doctrine.
Whatever pretext, then, the South may resort to
in order to give color to this extension of slavery
in Mexico, this Missouri compromise will be among
the last that will be likely to find favor at the North.
For myself, I acknowledge no compromises in re-
lation to slavery except the compromises of the
Constitution, and those we shall abide by so long
as they are adhered to on the part of the South.
There is one other matter to which I wish to
refer before I take my seat. An effort is making
here to give a new character to this war. Certain
gentlemen of the northern Democracy tell us the
war is not to be prosecuted for the extension of
slavery, but for the conquest of free territory, to
counterbalance that which we acquired by the an-
nexation of Texas. I am much mistaken in the
people of the free States if they are willing to
prosecute the war for this object. It is true the
annexation of Texas has awakened a very deep,
anti-slavery feeling at the North. They regard it
as a triumph of the slave power. And in truth it
never had any very sincere friends there, even
among those who gave it their support. It was
sustained upon party considerations; and these
having subsided, the measure is now left to be
judged of upon its merits; and this 44 sober second
thought" of the people is not very favorable to the
political prospects of those northern politicians
who aided m bringing this misfortune upon the
country. Now, it is to be supposed, as a matter
of course, that gentlemen here will attempt to avoid
