174
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Jan. 27,
'29th Cong 2d Sf.ss.
Bounty Lands to the Army—Mr. Cummins.
Ho. of Reps.
„tion. To distribute $20,000,000 of public property,
. either in land or money, amongst one hundred
thousand soldiers, their widows and heirs, in such
manner as best to secure to them the benefits and
blessings of this munificent bounty of their Gov-
ernment, and at' the same time to be legist preju-
dicial to the financial and the general interests of
the country, presents high considerations to the
mind of the legislator, and ought, and I trust will,
recede that attention from the matured judgment
and practical skill of this House which may be
necessary so to frame the details of this bill as
successfully and satisfactorily to accomplish the
objects contemplated.
ft will be remembered, that at the last session
of Congress a proposition was made, by way of
amendment to the Mexican war bill, to accomplish
in part, and in a very summary manner, the objects
of the present bill. That proposition could not, in
justice, meet with the approbation of any one who
had considered or understood it. That amendment,
sir, was crude and undigested; it was defective,
both in form and substance, was partial and unjust
in its provisions, embracing a part only of our
troops, and excluding others, and contained no pro-
visions for granting bounty lands. It was hastily
•and inconsiderately offered to the bill of the 13th
of May, 1846, by which the existence of the war
with Mexico was recognised, and supplies of men
and money were granted, and provided for its
prosecution. At that moment it was supposed that
General Taylor and his gallant little army were in
imminent danger of being overpowered by superior
numbers, and cut to pieces by the Mexicans. Deep
anxiety was felt for their safety, and every effort
was made, and prompt measures adopted, to send
to their relief the speediest possible assistance. The
bill then under consideration provided for that as-
sistance,and every otherproposition offered byway
of amendment or otherwise which tended to pre-
vent oi delay its speedy passage, and which formed
no essential part of it, should have been promptly
rejected. Thatamendmentwasill-timed,and worse
shaped. It tended to delay the passage of a bill
which the national honor, the safety of our troops,
and the highest considerations of patriotism, re-
quired should be promptly passed. By its pro-
visions, it created invidious and unjust distinc-
tions in the pay of the different descriptions of
troops, paying to one class higher and to another '
lower wages. Its tendency was for evil, and cal-
culated to produce m the ranks of the army discon-
tent, insubordination, and perhaps mutiny itself.
These were my views of this question then; they
remain unchanged. A sense of duty constrained
me to vote against that amendment. More mature
consideration has confirmed me in the belief of the
correctness of that vote. It was right then, it is right 1
yet. I desire not to be misrepresented or misun-
derstood on this subject. I was in favor of increas-
ing the pay of our troops, and of giving to them
bounty lands last May, when I gave the vote refer- :
red to. Iam in favor of it now. No man will |i
give to this bill a more willing and hearty support j;
than I will. No man is more desirous to see it ij
speedily passed than I am. ' |'
But, sir, I was then unwilling to see it passed jj
upon m a form so defective that it would disgrace |:
your statute book; so imperfect that it would still- j
tify the man who voted for it, and so unjust that
the very recipients of its partial favors would con-
demn it. I was unwilling to record my vote m
favor of a measure fraught with so great injustice !
and unfairness, and which hut " kept the promise '
to the ear, but broke it to the hope." At the same
time, I was well aware that my motives would be
aspersed, and my true position misrepresented:
tbdt the man of desperate political fortunes, though
destitute of every qualification which characterizes
the p.Uiiot or the statesman, would make this vote !j
thr theme of his story and the subject of his hypo- 'i
critical lamentations. In this I was not deceived. '
My anticipations were realized. No sooner had
intelligence of that vote reached the district which
I represent, than the political charlatans and the j!
moral mountebanks commenced their work of mis- !'
representation and deception. The enormities of
that vote were multiplied and magnified into shapes j
innumerable, and a sin unpardonable. They were j
sounded from every hill-top, and echoed in every I
valley—-promulgated in the highways and the by- j
ways—in the country and in the village. And |
who, sir, engaged in this foul work? You could
find there the professed Federalist and the pretend-
ed Republican vying with each other in this work
of detraction and falsehood—men whose pretended
patriotism and military prowess are kept but for
an empty show; men venal and selfish, whose po-
litical principles are facile and .flexible to every
touch of self-interestand personal aggrandizement.
Theancientlandmarks of political separation seem-
ed for a time to be blotted out. The hard and the
soft, the bank man and the anti-bank man, the
tariff man and the anti-tariff man, the chivalric war-
rior and the meek lover of peace, laid aside and
forgot the causes of their political differences, to
unite in this crusade. On the one hand, to secure
a nomination from his hereditary enemies, a pre-
tended Democrat could repudiate every doctrine of
his creed, and humbly subscribe to every principle
and dogma of a party which he has denounced for
a quarter of a century. On the other hand, a clique
of Federalists, to defeat a regular nomination, and
secure a district, could receive into their embrace
a man who, for many years, has stunk in their
nostrils, and been loathsome to their sight. That
many honest men were, for a time, deceived by
this coalition of jugglers, I have no doubt; but
events have shown that that deception was of short
duration. If these worthies are content to repose
upon the victories and wear the laurels they have
won in this campaign, I am not disposed to dis-
turb their enjoyment. But if defeat and disaster
has disturbed their repose, I have no sympathy
with them nor for them. If experience cannot en-
lighten them, nor adversity improve them, I shall
despair of their reformation. Here, Mr. Chair-
man, I shall leave these worthies to the fruition of
a guilty conscience, and the enjoyment of the fruits
of disappointment, and turn your attention to the
subject before the committee.
The bill as reported by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs is in substance right, except in two
particulars; but, in my judgment, it is in some
respects defective in its form and details. To
supply, and as far as possible to remedy, these
defects, have prepared and sent to the Clerk's
desk certain amendments, which, when in order, I
propose to offer, and now, during the allotted time,
to consider the same in connexion with the bill as
reported. That bill, sir, as it came from the com-
j mittee, contains two distinct and substantive prop-
. osition-?. By the one, it pi*oposes to increase the
j monthly pay m money of the non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates, of the army of
; the United States", and of the volunteers and militia
, in the service of the same, two dollars per month,
j commencing from and after the first day of May
i last. By tlie other, under certain restrictions,
| which I shall notice hereafter, it proposes to grant
j to the same non-commissioned officers, musicians,
^ and privates, who may serve the country and get
an honorable discharge, a bounty of one hundred
and sixty acres of land; and should the soldier be
killed, or die in the service, then the bounty in
land shall be given to his widow and heirs. To
the first section of the committee's bill, which pro-
poses to increase the monetary pay of our troops
two dollars per month, making it nine instead of
seven dollars, I propose this amendment: to strike
out two and insert three dollars, making their pay
ten instead of seven dollars per month, from and
after the first day of May last. This section em-
braces all classes and descriptions of our troops; it
will pay them an adequate compensation for their
services: it will furnish to the soldier the means of
procuring for himself many of the necessaries and
comfort? of life, which his former habits had accus-
tomed him to enjoy, and which his daily rations
and present pay do not supply. It will enable
him, to some extent, to furnish the means of sub-
sistence to his family and friends at home, who
may have been and are dependent upon him for
their daily bread. The objects of this section are
eminently just and proper; its provisions are sim-
ple and direct, and will secure the purposes in-
tended.
The second, third, fourth, and fifth sections of
the bill, as reported by the committee, propose to
grant to each soldier one hundred and sixty acres
of the public lands, and to prescribe, to a limited
extent, the rules of descent of the lands granted.
The object and intention of this part of the bill
are two. First, to provide for the soldier when
his public services shall have ended and he again
be returned to the pursuits of private life, a com-
fortable and independent home of his own; to
identify him with the soil, and class him with the
freeholders of the country he so well defended; to
give him « a habitation and a name and should
he fall m battle, or die in the service, then to secure
the same bounty to his widow and heirs. The
second is, to encourage volunteering and inlist-
ments to fill the ranks when the service requires it.
Mr. Chairman, this branch of the subject is not
so easily disposed of. It is by no means free from
difficulties and embarrassments. It is not sufficient
to accomplish all the good intended, simply to give
the land. It is necessary to throw around it such
restrictions and safeguards, to protect the soldier,
and those claiming under him, from the insidious
approaches, frauds, and peculations of speculator^
and jobbers, as will secure to the beneficiaries the
possession and enjoyment of this bounty of their
Government. The success of this grant will depend
much upon the wisdom and practical skill which
characterize our legislation. The amount of prop-
erty to be disposed of is large, and the objects of
the grant of high import. The members of this
House act in a fiduciary capacity; for the time
being they are the trustees of the nation in this
branch of the National Legislature. They represent
two constituencies—those who give and those who
receive: the tax-payer and the soldier. That each
may know and understand how far his rights and
interests have been justly dealt with, I propose,
sir, to submit to his consideration the facts and
figures winch show the amount of property to be
granted, and from which each can deduce his own
conclusions.
The increase of pay proposed by the first section
is §3 per month, or $36 per annum to each man.
With an army of thirty thousand men in the field,
for one year, it will increase the expense in this one
item |1,080,000. The quantity of land that may
be absorbed is somewhat indefinite and uncertain,
depending on the length of time the war continues
and the number of troops employed. When the
ten regiments, provided for by a bill which lately
passed this House, shall be called into service, the
whole number of troops who will be entitled to
one hundred and sixty acies of land each, (if this
bill passes in its present form,) will be near fifty
thousand men; to satisfy their warrants will re-
quire 12,500 square miles, which is equal to eight
millions of acres of land; at the Government price
of $1 25 per acre, it will amount to $10,000,000.
This, sir, is no inconsiderable extent of territory.
It is one-third larger than any one of the States of
Maryland, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachu-
setts, or New Jersey; nearly three times as large
as Connecticut, and six times as large as Delaware.
Should the war continue, how long will it be be-
fore the number of men will be doubled ? One
hundred thousand men will requue, to satisfy their
warrants, twenty-five thousand square miles, which
is equal to sixteen millions of acres, or, at Govern-
ment price, $20,000,000: a territory more than
half as large as any one of the large States of
the class of New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and
Kentucky. Under the provisions of this bill, and
other laws in force, what will be the pay of our
troops per month or year? Take a twelvemonth
volunteer. His cash pay will be §10 per month,
his rations $6, his clothing $3 50; "making p9 50
per month. Add to this his surgical and medical
attendance and transportation, and put it down at
fifty cents per month, (which I suppose is an under-
estimate,) and it makes $20 per month; to this
add one hundred and sixty acres of land, worth ot
Government price §200, and it gives $16 66 per
month for one year: making the monthly pay of
a twelvemonth volunteer amount to $36 66 each
month, and to $440 a year. No Government in
the world pays her soldiers as well as we do, and
no Government has soldiers as worthy of their
pay as we have,* I state these facts, Mr. Chair-
man, for no other purpose than to illustrate the
position I have assumed in the management of the
financial economy of the Government, and the
degree of liberality that should be extended to
those who defend her rights and her honor; and
thai the members of this House, and all others
who choose to examine it, may see its magnitude
and importance.
Mr. Chairman, the next amendment I propose
