176
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. *27,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Bounty Lands to the Army—Mr. Cummins.
Ho. of Reps.
the soldier was compelled, up to the year 1800,
either to withhold his warrant from location alto-
gether, or to* purchase a quantity equal to 4,000
acres, or to be subjected to the uncertainty of lo-
cating as a tenant -in common with numerous
other warrant holders, and afterwards to the trou-
ble and expense of making partition with his co-
tenants, or to sell his warrant for whatever he
could get for it. Third, all warrant h61ders were
compelled to locale them within the prescribed
limits of a small district, and in a wilderness coun-
try, and in a changeable and somewhat unhealthy
climate. Southern men would be unwilling to
change their climate, leave the old settlements, and
move into the wilds of the northwest. They
would therefore sell their warrants at almost any
price that might be offered. Northern and eastern
men could procure good lands nearer home, in safer
localities, and for very low prices. Consequently
they would sell their heritage in the wildernessfor
what they could get.
What, sir, was the condition of the United
States in the days of the Revolution and for many
years afterwards, and what the inducements and
facilities for emigration ? The States of this Con-
federacy were then but thirteen in number, the in-
habited parts of which lay principally east and
southeast of the Alleghanies; a sparse population
of little more than three millions of persons was
skirted along the Atlantic seaboard, extending no
farther westward than the eastern base of the
mountains, with an empire, yes, almost a conti-
nent, of wild and unoccupied land spread out be-
fore them. Where was this bounty land, this
tl oasis in the desert," to which the soldier was
invited to remove ? Sir, it lay far in the West, in
the depths of the wilderness, beyond the pale of
civilization and Safety, roamed over by hostile
savages only, and inhabited by wild beasts. Hun-
dreds of miles of an unbroken wilderness inter-
vened between the soldier and his promised land;
mountain and stream interposed their obstacles to
the advance of population and civilization. This
spot m the forest slumbered for many years in the
silent grandeur of nature's solitude, secure from
the assaults of the woodman's axe, and undis-
turbed by the rude hand of civilization. With
the mountains for its breastworks, and the rivers
for its ditches, with no means of approach save
by the trail of the Indian hunter, or the winding
path of the pack-horse, with every mountain pass
garrisoned by the tomahawk and scalping knife of
the savage warrior, and the ford of every stream
guarded by the same dread weapons, how could it
be expected that the soldier, with his wife and
children, could or would peril their lives, and over-
come these insurmountable difficulties, to make
this blessed heritage their immediate home? It
was impossible, sir. Time mustfirst remove these
barriers; must smooth and prepare the way.
But the soldier and his family could not wait the
work of time. They must have a home. Only those
who had surplus means to in vest in these lands and
wait the progress of events for their profits, could
or would buy them. Besides, sir, at that day,
Virginia, Pennsylvania, New York, and other
States, had millions of acres of wild lands lying
nearer to the old settlements, and to safety from
the savages, which they were desirous to have set-
tled. They afforded every facility to settlers on
their lands; they gave them lands almost without
price. The settler had but to blaze out his tiact,
locale upon it, and pay a small sum for the title
papers and the land was his. Was it, then, not a
necessary consequence that the soldier's warrant
should depreciate to a mere nominal price, when
all these difficulties and dangers, and defects of le-
gislation, conspired to prevent emigration to the
military district, and when millions of acres of
land, cheaper in price and nearer home, came m
competition with him in the market? These lights
of expeiience and teachings of history, prove !
most conclusively to my mind, that the failure of
the bounty land system of the Revolution is attrib-
utable to defective and unwise legislation, and the
adverse circumstances of the country, rather than
to any natural or necessary want of wisdom or
propriety in compensating our soldiers in land,
by making them freeholders, and giving to them
an interest in the soil they defend.
Mr. Chairman, no valid or fair arguments can,
with propriety or force, be drawn from the failure
of the bounty land system of the Revolution, to
militate against or condemn the granting of land at
the present day, if the grants be made by wise and
prudent legislation. The wisest legislation may
fail in its purposes under adverse circumstances,
and when resistless natural causes oppose it. But,
sir, what have been the favorable changes since
the revolutionary era? Thirteen feeble colonies
have been increased to twenty-nine independent
States and five Territories—many of them power-
ful, wealthy, and populous. Three millions of peo-
ple have been multiplied to twenty millions; emi-
gration and civilization have overleaped the natural
barriers of mountain and river, and spread them-
selves across this continent from sea to sea. The ■
freemen on the coast of the Atlantic now greet
their republican brethren on the shores of the Pa-
cific. The alarm and terror of savage ferocity
have ceased to exist; the chieftain, with his blood-
thirsty warriors, have disappeared; the vast public
domain of the West, the exuberant valley of the
Mississippi, have been subjected to the wants and
will of civilized man. This boundless element of
national wealth has by cultivation and improve-
ment assumed a new value; it has been brought
as a new, active, and important constituent into
the great national resources of commerce, indus-
try, and wealth. The means of travel and trans-
portation have become speedy, cheap, and safe;
turnpikes, railroads, and canals, stretch from the
East to the West, and checker the face of the coun-
try in all directions. The mighty element of steam
has been subjected to the will, and made subser-
vient to the wants and wishes of man. The lakes
on the north, the Mississippi and its tributary
branches in the southwest and centrc, bear upon
their bosom the floating palace, the magnificent
vessel of commerce, driven by the resistless power
of steam, instead of the bark canoe and the tardy
keel propelled by the puny strength of man. The
inhabitable lands of the old States are all occupied;
many new States have been organized out ,of the
western territory, and are already densely popula-
ted and highly cultivated—nearly every year adds
a new State to the Confederacy. The surveyed
lands of the United States now in the western ter-
ritories, will, in a few years, be in the midst of pop-
ulous States. Such will be the process until we
reach the Pacific. The whole tendency of our
system, the diffusive genius and spirit of our insti-
tutions, the growth of our population, the increase
of our commerce, the demand for our agricultural
products at home and abroad, demonstrate the fact
that these lands are valuable and will increase m
value. The lemotest parts of our surveyed terri-
tories this side of the Rocky Mountains—yes, sir,
the Territoriesof Wisconsin, Itasca, and Nebraska,
can be reached by the emigrant with Jess expense,
in a shorter time, and with much less difficulty and
danger, than he could have approached the mili-
tary district in Ohio, at the time the revolutionary
bounty lands were granted there. Our lands, sir,
constitute the basis and source of our national
wealth. Without the products of the agriculturist,
what would become of your commerce, your
manufactures, your merchants, your mechanics,
your professional men, and all other non-produc-
tive laborers? Sir, your merchant ships would
rot at your wharves, your looms and spindles
would stand still, your merchants would close their
doors, yourmechariics' wares would remain unsold
in their shops, and your professional men and the
other non-producing classes would be without em-
ployment.
Let not gentlemen suppose that this bounty to
the soldier is valueless. In the present improved
state of the country, it has an intrinsic value, and
the rapid advance of our national prosperity daily
enhances that value. Let not gentlemen deduce
arguments from premises that will not support
them. The lovers of liberty, in other countries
surcharged with a redundant population, will make
their homes in the West. The countries of the Old
World will look to us for bread for their millions.
No valid or legitimate argument can, therefore, in
my judgment, be drawn from the failure of the
revolutionary bounty-land system to condemn the
one now proposed.
What, sir, was the legislation of 3S12 on the
bounty-land system of the last war? The legisla-
tors of that day seem to have availed themselves
of the lights of experience, and to have ingrafted
upon their laws many important restrictions and
safeguards. In the act of 6th May, 1819, which
provides for the issuing of land warrants, are found
these provisions: First, That the warrant shali be
issued in the name of the soldier or his heirs only.
Second, That the warrants shall not be negotiable,
or in any manner transferable, until after the pat-
ent is issued. Third, That all sales, contracts, or
mortgages, made prior to the issuing of Ihe patent,
for the purpose or with the intent of alienating
or incumbering the land, slj^ll be void. Fourth,
That no tract of land granted by that act should
be liable to be seized in execution, or sold for any
debt or incumbrance contracted or incurred prior
to the date of the patent, these provisions I
desire to see incorporated in the bill under con-
sideration. One highly-objectionable feature was
retained in the law of 1812. The warrants were*
required to be located in particular districts of pre-
scribed limits. There are three prominent objec-
tions to that provision, which I shall only state,
without enlargement. First, It diminishes the num-
ber of, and competition amongst, purchasers,
either of the land or the warrants, and thus depre-
ciates their value. Second, It is prejudicial to the
interests of the particular district, retards its settle-
ment and improvement, and creates an absentee
and non-resident landlordism which ought not to be
created. Third, It is unjust in its operation, for
the reason that in every district there will be some
good and some bad land; and he who happens to
locate first may get a tract of land worth double
or treble as much as he who comes a little later.
Add to the foregoing amendments proper provis-
ions for the descent and inheritance, and I venture
the prediction that this bill will be productive of
much good, and will more perfectly accomplish the
purposes for which it is intended than any former
law that has yet been passed. Let it not be for-
gotten in this connexion, that most of the troops
who have gone into the service are from the West
and Southwest, in the region where the public
lands lie. They know and appreciate their value,
and will settle upon and improve them.
But, Mr. Chairman, I am not uninformed of the
fact that there are some gentlemen who would wil-
lingly defeat this measure altogether, by indirect
means, who are afraid to do it by direct means.
They keep up externally the appearance of friend-
ship to the measure, while their actions prove their
hostility most conclusively. They are "willing to
wound, but afraid to strike." Some gentlemen
have proposed and expressed a preference for an-
other system of granting bounties to our troops.
They propose, instead of a warrant for one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, to issue Government
scrip to the amount of one hundred dollars; instead
of a warrant for eighty acres, to grant scrip to the
amount of fifty dollars. These gentlemen have
told us of the many blessings and advantages to
be enjoyed from this scrip, and how much better
it would be for the soldier than a land warrant.
They maintain that it will not depreciate so much
in market as land warrants, and that it will inter-
fere less with the public revenue.
Again, Mr. Chairman, these gentlemen have not
yet informed this House in what shape this Gov-
ernment scrip was to appear. Is it to be scrip re-
ceivable m payment of public lands only? If so,
that would affect the revenue so far only as it is
derived from the sale of lands. Is it to be Gov-
ernment scrip receivable in payment of all public
dues? If so, that will reach the revenue both at
the land officc and the custom-house. Or is it to
be Government scrip payable in money, bearing a
certain interest, redeemable at a given time, or at
the will of the Government, and to be funded into
a national debt, and converted into Government
stock? This latter, I apprehend, will be the fa-
vorite form. What, sir, will be the effects and
consequences of this mode of granting bounties >
Who will be benefited by it? You issue ten, fif-
teen, or twenty millions of dollars of paper money,
in the shape of Government scrip, post notes pay-
able at a future time, bearing interest: giving to a
soldier, instead of a warrant for one hundred and
sixty acres of land, a post note for one hundred
dollars; and instead of a warrant for eighty acres,
a post note for fifty dollars, bearing say six per
cent, interest. And 'this is the way you will pro- i
vide for the wants of your soldier and his family. j
Let us test its practical effects. Suppose a soldier j
