1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Revenue to sustain the War—Mr. Bowlin.
Ho.
of
but frankly and candidly, of gentlemen, where
they derived their conclusions from, that the
people were unwilling to be taxed, even in their
tea and coffee, in support of their country in
the present crisis? Was it to be found in the un-
necessary but unprecedented liberality displayed
by the people in making private contributions
everywhere gratuitously to the volunteers who
enter the scrvice of their country? We have be-
held these patriotic demonstrations from Maine to
Louisiana—everywhere where troops were raised
for the service. No sooner had a company orga-
nized itself than the community around simulta-
neously poured forth upon them the most liberal
contributions from their private stores of every-
thing needed for their comfort. Were these the
demonstrations of that niggardly spirit which
would refuse to be taxed to raise funds in support
of the war? There is not an old woman in the
land who would not regard it as a libel upon her
patriotism to say she would refuse to be taxed
even in her most delicious beverage to support this
war. It was not the people, who, looking alone
to their country, her honor, and her true glory,
regardless whose particular star might be in the
ascendant, who raised these objections but the
politicians, who, blinded by partisan zeal, and seek-
ing to elevate themselves through some favorite
chief, must strive to strike down the Executive,
even at the-expense of their country's honor.
This was the source, and the only source, whence
sprung these demonstrations of opposition to the
war, and the raising of means to carry it on.
And the people whose names were constantly in-
voked in support of this unholy crusade against
the war, would in their own way and at the proper
time, repel the vile calumny, and teach its propa-
gators, that thefr names could not be interposed as
a shield to protect the assailants of their own
country.
It had been boldly asserted here that the people
would not submit to a war tax on tea and coffee;
and indeed, in effect, voted in this House, as an
avowal of public sentiment. Conscious of the
necessity, and in anticipation of the call from the
Executive for such means, the honorable gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] had thrust
forth his resolution under the gag, enforced by the
Whigs and a few Democrats, declaring that it was
Inexpedient to tax tea and coffce. That declara-
tion, thus timed, in view of the circumstances,
amounted to nothing more nor less than an indirect
avowal that they would not tax tea and coffee to
support the war. To that assertion, repeatedly
made, and to that vote, what had been the response
of the people? Where were we to look for the
evidences of their approval? Time enough had
elapsed, since the vote of that House upon the
subject, for every possible demonstration of aproval
to come rolling back upon us. Where were they?
he again asked. Anticipating the necessities of
the country, whichwould compel the President to
ask for this additional resource for the war, politi-
cians here had sought to head the Administration,
by declaring in a solemn vote, in the name of and
for the people, that they would submit to no such
tax. They had assumed to be the peculiar and
favorite confidents of the public will. That vote
had gone forth long since, had been spread from
one end of the Confederacy to the other, and he
now called upon gentlemen to make good their
assertion, by those demonstrations of public opin-
' ion which cannot be mistaken. Peeling a deep
interest in a question that seemed to strike so fatal
a blow upon the resources of the country involved
in a foreign war, he had watched anxiously, and
he thanked God, in vain,for those demonstrations
of opinion, which were to sustain the Sir Oracle
dictum of this House that the people would not be
taxed to sustain the honor of their country. Sir,
tke people had nothing to do with this question.
It was an avowal of sentiment on their behalf and
ir. their name, never demanded of them in advance,
rior sanctioned by them since. Had this declara-
tion, thus unceremoniously and inauspiciously
thrust forth, touched but one chord of the public
sentiment, aroused one pulsation of the public
heart, we should long since have had a response,
through legislative halls and public meetings, the
import of which could not have been mistaken. But
we have looked in vain for such demonstrations.
They are nowhere to be found; and why? Because
the doctine did not reflect the popular will; the peo-
ple contemplated the unpatriotic sentiment with
mortification and shame, and the effort to arouse
them in such a cause fell like lead upon the public
ear. This effort, to arouse public opinion, and ut-
ter failure to accomplish it, is susceptible of but one
conclusion; and that is, that the people are wholly
averse to the doctrine avowed under the sanction
and authority of their name. In anticipation of
any requisition from the Executive, this feeler of
the public pulse was thrown out under the gag,
silencing all discussion upon the subject, by which
the people might have been enlightened upon its
necessity, and their sanction to the resolution in-
voked; and all without success. Did not this speak
volumes in condemnation of the resolution? Did
it not proclaim trumpet-tongued the generous sen-
timent embraced in the resolution of his colleague,
[Mr. Sims,] that the people of this country were
too patriotic to refuse any necessary tax to support
our arms ? Yes, sir, he would go farther, and say,
that if it was demanded by the country, there was
sufficient patriotism in the people to yield up every-
thing, even to their blood, to vindicate her honor
and glory.
It was sufficient, sir, to show that the people had
not responded to the unpatriotic avowal made in
their name, that they would not be taxed in the
present emergency in their favorite beverage; but
he designed to go a little farther, arid, if time would
permit him, overwhelm the projectors of that sen-
timent. Sir, the people had responded through
their press, through their legislative halls, through
their public meetings, by every popular demonstra-
tion, by their rallying-shout to these halls, to pros-
ecute the war with vigor—tax everything necessary
to that object. To one instance he would invite the
attention of the committee, as it was directly in
point. When that resolution was introduced by
the honorable member from Illinois, a portion of
his colleagues arrayed themselves against such an
avowal, as the sentiment of the people of Illinois.
The honorable gentleman from the southern dis-
trict [Mr. McClernand] was peculiarly active in
repelling it, as reflecting the sentiments of that
State. The issue was thus made up. What htis
been the response of that patriotic State, through
her Legislature ? It was on the table there. It had
been published in the "Union." Has that State'en-
dorsed the assumption, that she would deem it in-
expedient to tax tea and coffec to meet the crisis?
No, sir; no. Her response was one that did eter-
nal credit to the patriotism of that gallant sister of
the West. She spoke the western sentiment. She
told Congress to tax anything, everything, for re-
sources to maintain the honor and glory of our com-
mon country in her struggles against a foreign foe.
This was her response; a response that deserves to
be written m letters of gold.
But he was not yet done with this celebrated
resolution. He had not yet forgotten the manner j
in which it was sprung upon them—the application I
of the gag, by the previous question; its sustenance
by a drilled majority; and a vote forced, condemna-
tory of an anticipated measure of the Administra-
tion, rendered necessary by the war, and sustained j
by those who would not boldly and fearlessly de-
clare their opposition. Tea and coffee had been free
articles,rendered so upon principles ofsound policy,
whenever the necessities of the country would per-
mit it, as articles altogether of foreign import, and of
almost universal consumption. No man would go
farther to keep them free, in limes of peace and
public prosperity, than he would. Indeed, he be-
lieved that was the sentiment of nine-tenths of the
Democratic party. But there was another senti-
mentof the Democratic party more imperative than
the mere utility of a tax of any kind, and that
was, in every and all emergencies, to support and
maintain, at every cost, the honor and dignity of
the Confederacy. Then, sir, things occupying this
position, before the Administration had asked this
tax and explained the reasons why it was asked—
before the country was prepared, by proper infor-
mation,'* showing the imperative necessity of a
change in a matter of great national policy—this
resolution, was thrust upon them, and under the
application of the gag, was forced to vote without
information or explanation. Such is a brief his-
tory of this resolution, and the manner in which
it was forced through the House, to go to the
world as an evidence of their enlightened judgment.
But this attempt to forestall investigation had «3e£,
its rfebuke before the people. Their very^ileQceis
a withering condemnation of the whole aflair.,
That this resolution was not designed-w> cripple
the energies of the Administration and.inipaif th.e
credit of the Government, he was bound to believe,
as it originated with an avowed friend of .the Ad-
ministration; but that the Whigs who violently
oppose the prosecution of this war, a& unholy* un-
righteous, and un just, fully understood that to be the
effect of it, he was just as imperatively compelled
to believe. He would not so far insult their intel-
ligence as to suppose for a moment that they did
not understand the effect of their vote, and lhat.it
was not strengthening the Administration.fojr .the
succcssful prosecution of the war, when they ral-
lied so harmoniously for free tea and coffee. From
this vote, the inference might legitimately .bp
drawn, that they are for taxes upon tea and coffee,
when the country is at peace, and has no extraor-
dinary demands upon the treasury, but when the
country is involved in a harassing war, and re-
quiring every resource to prosecute it vigorously,
then they are against if. They are, thpn, not averse
to the tax, but to the additional supplies it would
furnish in time of need. The Democratic doctrine
is just the reverse; they were for free tea and cof-
fee m time of peace ana a full treasury, but would
cheerfully tax it, and pay it, whenever it is require^
to vindicate the honor of the country. This.was'
the true distinction between the two parties upon
this subjcct as illustrated by past and present his-
tory, and upon that distinction he for one was
prepared to go before the country. Even the pre-
judices of the old ladies of the country, in support
of their favorite beverage, had been appealed to,
in the effort to get up a spirit of disapprobation
upon this subject in the country; and it redounds
to their glory, that the appeal was made in vain,.
Sir, the gentleman who took that appeal, knew
but little of the patriotic, fire that burns in the
breast of the American ladies. They against their
country for a farthing tax! No, never, while one
drop of the blood of their revolutionary matrons
circulated in their veins. The man who would,
make such a charge in their presence would be
immolated, for such a calumny upon their patriot-
ism, with their " bare bodkins."
Having said thus much upon the tea and coffee
resolutions, their effects, objects, and,,designs,,he
would next call the attention of the JTouseto the
bill itself, which proposes an increase of revenue*
by laying additional duties on certain imports and
graduating the price of the public lands; it pro-
posed, in brief, to lay a duty of 25 per cent, upon
tea and coffee, an additional duty of 10 per cent,
upon loaf and other refined sugars, an additional
duty of 10 per cent, upon a variety of classes of
iron, 5 per cent, upon certain fine cotton fabrics,
and then to graduate the public lands: reducing
those in market between ten and fifteen years, to
one dollar; between fifteen and twenty-five, to sev-
enty-five cents; over twenty-five years, to fifty
cents per acre. This is the substance of the bill;
the principles of which come* recommended to us
from the President, as a means of increasing the
revenue. The necessity of increased resources
was apparent to all, unless we were prepared to
abandon the war, and stand disgraced in the eyes
of the civilized world. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury, whose position enabled him to judge accu-
rately upon the subject, was called^ upon by the
Senate for information in regard to increasing the
revenue. This bill, as he understood it, embraced
the principles and items which he had designated,
as necessary to accomplish that object. The Sec-
retary had pointed out the articles that would bear
taxation—an increase of duty with increase_of rev-
enue—and also the adoption of a principle in rela-
tion to the public lands that would enhance the
revenues from that source; so that the principles
of this bill came endorsed to us, with all the lights
that experience could throw around it. But before
he proceeded to investigate its principles, particu-
larly the last clause of it, to which he desired
paying some special attention, he would pause to
notice^an assault made upon this bill, commensu-
rate with its appearance in this House.
Sir, there is an idea prevailing to a considerable
extent, that the best indirect methocUf destroying
a good measure is by calling it hm names. In
doing this, a compliment is frequently paid to the
