182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 27,
29th Cong......2d Sess.
Revenue to sustain the War—Mr. Bowlin.
Ho. of Reps.
justice of the measure, which ought to be more
highly appreciated because it is not designed, as
it is always a tacit acknowledgment, that its prin-
ciples are unassailable. They of the West were
used to that kind of guerilla warfare; for owing to
the geographical configuration of their country, in
which everything tends to a common centre, they
can scarcely originate a measure that does not in-
terest the whole, and that was quite enough for the
mad-dog cry of log-rolling and omnibus bills.
These names had become so familiar to western
ears, that they hacf become callous from custom.
They had had their effect in their day, and had
kept off the shepherds when the wolf came, but
the wit in them had become stale, for the want of
originality. This nicknaming system of political
warfare had had its day of prosperity, but like all
perishable things, must yield to the gnawing tooth
of time. Its sceptre had departed. These gentle-
men act upon the principle of the duaker butcher
when the dog stole his meat: his first impression
was to punish him, but his religion predominating
over his human passions, he merely retook his
meat, and addressing the dog, told him: I will not
kill thee, but I will give thee a bad name; and im-
mediately set up the shout of "mad-dog, " and death
from the multitude was the penalty of liis offence.
They would not kill the bill, oh, no; not they; they
had too much patriotism for that; they would mere-
ly give it a bad name, and see if it would not in-
vite others to the execution, while their skirts were
clear.
Well, sir, this bill, strange asit may appear,and
"truth is sometimes stranger than fiction," the
poets say, recommended by the President as a rev-
enue measure, reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means to increase the war fund, has gotten
the mad-dog cry upon it. It is called the log-roll-
ling, omnibus bill. And why ? He supposed be-
cause there was something in it in which the
West took a deep interest. He could see no other
cause. It was strictly a revenue bill, Resigned to
increase the resources of the Government during
the war; but it had the graduating principle in it,
and that was enough. He flattered himself, how-
ever, that the chairman of the committee would do
the justice to the patriotism of the West to say,
no such measure was necessary to secure their
votes in any and every laudable means of raising
money to support the war. He thanked God they
needed no such stimulants to induce them to per-
form their duty to their country in all emergen-
cies. But amidst the disgust which every man
must feel, to hear such soubriquets applied to a
revenue bill from the Committee of Ways and
Means, there is one consolation in the fact, tiiat
the chairman, knowing the falsity of the charge,
would be able to appreciate such attacks when
made upon them hereafter. They should, at least,
for the future, claim his sympathy, which he fear-
ed they had not heretofore so fully enjoyed. But,
now their fortunes were cast in the same boat,
they must row together. And as an offset to that
clamor, he would assure the chairman, by way of
consolation, that the time was near at hand when
he would not be ashamed to have his name even
in mockery associated with graduation. Yes, sir,
the time was at hand when the originator [Colonel
Benton] of this system of disposing of the pub-
lic domain, would, from that deed alone, reap a
rich harvest of glory, more imperishable than
monumental brass. His name and his deed would
live in the hearts of those who are marked by the
finger of Deity, as the destined preservers and per-
pctuators of the principles of this great Republic.
But, sir, what did this bill, this attempted
to be misnamed bill, propose > Simply an addi-
tional increase of duties upon such articles as
would bear it, and a system in relation to the pub-
lic lands that would mutually enhance the revenues
from those various sources. Every subject em-
braced in it is the subject of revenue; and yet,
because several subjects of revenue were embraced
in the same bill, it must, forsooth, be a monster
of corruption. To the Whigs he had nothing to
say; he took it for granted that they were opposed
to everything going to maintain the honor and
glory of our arms under a Democratic Administra-
tion; but to Democrats, who sought this indirect
method of bringing the measure into disrepute, he
would say, ttat they would display much higher
■jualities, botli of mind and heart, by an open,
manly opposition to the whole measure. Let them
say by their votes at once that they are_ opposed to
the supplies, or that they prefer resorting to loans
rather than taxation, and not shield themselves
behind blind prejudices against graduation.
Opposition to every species of impost, except
the restoration of that mammoth of oppression, the
Whig tariff of 1842, was to be expected from the
other side of the House. They had not lost all 1
hope of renewing that system of plundering the
poor for the benefit of the rich, by which they
reaped abundant harvests during its existence. But
for that vain hope, it would be difficult to reconcile
their opposition to an increase of duties, with their
avowed principles. They proclaim it as a part of !
their political creed, that they go for high duties; j
not for the constitutional object of raising revenue, \
however, but for the avowed object of unauthorized ;
protection. The kind of tariff that suits their taste |
is one that permits the ironmonger to impose one ;
hundred per cent, upon the laborer who uses the
log chain, and decorates his own family in gold
chains at seven per cent.; or one that permits the
lords of the loom to impose one hundred and fifty
per cent, upon the coarse habit that clothes his
female operatives, while he decorates the females
of his own household with articles paying a duty
of thirty per ccnt. These are the kind of tariffs
they go for, that impose the burdens of govern-
ment upon the poor, and confer its blessings upon
the rich. These are Whig ideas of equalizing the
burdens and blessings of government.
The first item upon which it was proposed to
increase the duties in the bill was loaf and other
refined sugars, which were now paying a duty of
30 per cent., and were proposed to be increased to
40 per cent. The same articles, under the tariff
of 1842, paid a duty of G cents per pound, equal
to <32 pel- cent. How a party could support and
advocatc the latter, and then refuse to vote for the
increase proposed in this bill, with any expecta-
tion of maintaining their character for consistency,
he was at a loss to discover.
The next article in the catalogue was coal. It no w
bore a duty of 30 percent.; it was proposed to add
ten, increasing it to 40 per cent. Under the Whig
tariff of 1842, the same article paid a duty of §1 75
per ton, equal to 69 per cent, ad valorem. Those
who could stand sixty-nine, should not flinch at
equal and just burdens upon themselves, or cra-
venly shrinking from them, and throwing the bur-
dens of their own acts upon posterity. He, for
one, was against national debts, so far as they
could be avoided; they were, at the best, but the
nucleus of a system of banking; with all its frauds
and corruptions. He was no disciple of that doc-
trine, that "national debts were national blessings."
They might be stays to support a corrupt and tot-
tering throne, and in that view might be a blessing
to tyrants and despots; but our glorious republican
institutions could have no affinities with such doc-
trines: their stays and supports were found in the
patriotism of the people. Debt affected nations
just asit affected individuals—crippling their en-
ergies and blighting their prosperity; and in the
end, when the amount excelled all means of liquida-
tion, followed by loss of character. He wa3 against
the system of quack remedies, and putting off the
evil day; and was for collecting and paying as they
go, at least as far as it was in their power. If gen-
tlemen would nerve themselves to the subsidies,
there could be no difficulty. The nation was rich
in resources; the people were patriotically anxious
to employ them in vindicating the national honor;
and between taxes and debt, they preferred the
former.
But the main point to which he desired to call
the particular attention of the committee, was that
provision of the bill which contained the gradua-
tion principle. For though it was a matter in
which the West felt a deep and abiding interest
for its local effects upon their prosperity, yet it
was none the less a national matter, involving
principles of revenue. It had come to them recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury as a rev-
enue measure, endorsed and recommended by the
President, and sanctioned by experience as a rev-
enue measure—endorsed by the sound judgment
of every man who had taken the trouble to inves-
tigate the subject; yet because the West were in-
terested in it, it must, forsooth, be some mysterious
scheme for plundering the Confederacy of the pub-
lic lands. These opinions were assumed in utter
blindness of the effect of the system, as he trusted
he would be able to demonstrate. But he desired
gentlemen distinctly to understand his position on
this subject: that though he supported it as a rev-
I enue measure, from a firm conviction that it would
forty per cent. |i largely increase it, yet that was not the quality in
The next articles in the list were several varie- ii it which most warmly recommended it to his ap-
ties of iron, manufactured and unmanufactured, ilproval. Its sound policy in enlarging the circle of
all of which were now paying a duty of 30 per [j independent landholders and putting it in the reach
cent ad valorem—proposed increase to 40 per cent. I| of every man to find a permanent home upon his
The following were the items, and the duties they I i own soil, and its justice m grading the price to the
paid under the Whig tariff of 1842: i| quality, were principles that rendered it much
<< Bar'iron made by rolling, $25 per ton, equal to 75 22 per | j dearer to him than its mere revenue quality. As
risiron, $9 per ton, equal to 48.93 per cent
Round iron, as brazier's rods, 3-J6 to 10-lrt of ail inch diam-
eter inclusive, 2£ cents per pound,equal to 56.10 percent.
Nail and spike rod«, slit, rolled, 01 hammered, 2J cents per
pound, equ.il to 98 99 per cent.
Sheet iron, (except taggeis,) 3£ cents per pound, or 60.20
pei cent.
Hoop iron, cents per pound, equal to llo.98 ppr cent.
Band or scroll iron, 2J cents per pound, equal to 70.47 per
ccnt. , ,
Casement rods, slit, rolled, or hammered, cents per pound,
equal to 70.47 per cent. ^
Wood scievvs of iron, 12 cents per pound, equal to 60.70 per
Spikes, cut or wrought, 3 cents per pound, equal to 188.14
per cent, ad valorem."
Making a general average of 89^ per cent, ad va-
lorem. The party that could advocate such a sys-
tem of duties, and undertake to reconcile them with
sound principles of political economy and equal
rights, would hardly be electrified at the idea of lm
a revenue measure it might change, and probably
would change, with the varying condition of the
treasury that called it into existence; but, as a sys-
tem, founded in immutable principles of right and
justice, once begun, its progress was onward and
perpetual. Its beneficial results would so rapidly
develop its entire utility, both as to revenue and
sound national policy, that he confidently believed
that no statesman would for a moment contem-
plate returning to the old system.
I But before he proceeded to a closer investigation
< of the principles involved in the bill, he desired to
; call the attention of the committee to one provision
] of the bill which should be amended: he alluded
L to the limitation of the graduation principle. The
I bill provides that it is to take effect on the first of
I May, 1847, and to continue during the war and six
i months thereafter. The effect of this provision,
! fixing so uncertain a limitation upon the operation
posino-a uniform duty of 40 per cent, upon the same j of the bill, would be to destroy confidence in the
articles as a war measure. One thing the Whigs j measure, and could produce no good results. No
would not certainly deny in view of their own
tariff, and that was, that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was right m the assumption, that the increased
duty proposed would increase the revenue. The
same views might be presented of the white and
red lead, and the cotton fabrics specified in the bill;
but the foregoing were sufficient for the purpose of
showing Whig consistency in opposing the meas-
ure, and that the additional duties demanded would
increase the revenue, and were therefore within
that standard.
Then the question was narrowed down to a
choice between taxation and debt—between meet-
ing the increased expenses of the war, by laying
( man, he presumed, who voted for this bill, and ad-
I vanced the standard of the liberal principles con-
i tained in it, ever contemplated turning back to an
| exploded system, and hence .it was useless. Such
; was his abiding confidcnce in the success of the
j experiment, that he had but little apprehension of
j its being effected by limitations. He therefore re-
i garded it, in that aspect, as a useless appendage.
But there was something in the very idea of such
limitations that was calculated to destroy the pub-
lic confidence as to the permanency of the system,
and he hoped it would be stricken out. The
amount of public lands which by this bill would
be brought under the graduation principle would
