1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Cathcart.
Ho. of Reps.
in all probability be exhausted long before the
limitation applied; but whether or not, he thought
it would be sound policy to risk the reduction on
that much without restrictions as to time, in order
to give the operation of this principle a fair test.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his finance
report, where he most ably vindicates the gradua-
tion system as a revenue measure, opens that
branch of the argument with the following beau-
tiful picture of its probable consequences. He
eays:
« In connexion with the finances, the suggestions made
in my last annual report m regard to the reduction and
graduation of the prices of the public lands in favor of settlers
and cultivators are again respectfully submitted to the con-
sideration of Congress*, as a ceitam means of augmenting
the revenue. The public lands now subject to sale at pri-
vate entry exceed one hundred and forty millions of acres,
a va«t portion of which, long in market, is wholly unsaleable
at existing rates, but would, if reduced and giaduated, find
many purchasers at lower rates. The sales in the Chickasaw
cession, m the States of Alabama, Mississippi, and Tennes-
see, establish the fact, that the application ot the principle
of reduction and graduation iapidly augments the piocecds
of the sales. The addition to the wealth of the nation in
the augmented value of the^e lands, as well the crops
that have boon already raided upon them, cannot be Jest>
than thirty millions of dollars. This distnet having been
sold for the benefit of the Chickasaws,^ the only one of the
land districts in the new States to which the principle of
reduction and graduation has been applied ; and the result
has proved the beneficial effects of this great measure, botii
as a means of augmenting the revenue and increasing the
public welfare."
And again, in another part of his able report, he
not only reiterates the assertion that the operation
of the graduation principle would increase the rev-
enue, but follows it up with an estimate of the
probable amount, from a half to one million of dol-
lars, as the increased income. He again says:
"If a graduation bill, in the form in which it passed the
Senate on its return from the House, during the last session,
should become a law, it would increase the revenue from
the public lands from halt a million to a million of dollais
per annum; and if adopted, together with the proposed duty
on tea and coffee, the loan might be safely reduced to eigh-
teen millions of dollars. If, however, the principle of giad-
uation applied to the Chickasaw cession were Adopted as
regards all the public lands, it would increase for many years
the revenue from that source, as proved by the data present-
ed m the table before referred to, several millions of dollars
per annum."
These, sir, were the views of the able Secretary
of the Treasury, whose peculiar province it was
to look to the finances of the country. It was not
only the opinion of a statesman high in the confi-
dence of his country, but the official avowal of the
officer, whose position enabled him to survey the
►. whole ground. It was not merely an opinion
based upon abstract principles of political science,
but one fortified and sustained by facts and figures
derived from actual experience. He had here told
them, in language not to be mistaken, that the
lands long in market would not sell at existing
prices; that upon a reduction they would, and in-
vited their attention to a precedent that sustained
him fftlly. He had here further told them that
the effect would be an increase of revenue from a
half to a million of dollars—a small estimate, com-
pared with the results produced' from the sale of
the Chickasaw cession, to which he haa so suc-
cessfully referred to sustain his position.
The advocates of the graduation system have
had, heretofore, to discuss it upon mere principles
of political science, without the lights of actual
experience, and rely upon reason and justice alone
to support their cause. But he now congratulated
the friends of the measure with the assurance that
its principles had been tested by a system of re-
duction five times as rapid as that contemplated in
this bill, and with the most glorious results. The
Chickasaw cession, alluded to by the Secretary of
the Treasury, was brought into market for the ben-
efit of the Indians upon the principle of reduction
and graduation, and the terms on which it was sold
was, for the first year, $1 25; for the second year
$1; for the third year 50 cents; for the fourth year
twelve and a half cents. The amount thus brought
into market was 4,316,920 acres, or nearly seven
thousand square miles—an amount of territory
larger than some of the States of this Union. The
aggregate sales often years under this rapid standard
of graduation was 3.681,309 acres ; purchase money
t3,254,449; general average price 88 2-5 cents,
fere they beheld, in the short space of ten years,
nearly the whole tract sold, and at a fair and liberal
average price. Now, he called upon gentlemen to
contrast this rapid sale with the sales under the old
system, and see whether the balance is not, even in a
naked money point of view, largely in favor of the
graduation system. The sales of this cession aver-
aged about ten per cent, perannum ujion the gross
amount. They had in market, surveyed and ready
for entry, under the old system, about one hundred
and forty millions of acres. Out of this, the an-
nual average sales did not exceed three millions of
dollars, or about two per cent, upon the aggregate
amount; showing a difference of from two to ten
per cent, upon sales under the different systems.
Here were the facts in figures that would not lie.
Under the present system, at similar rates, it would
have taken fifty years to dispose of the Chickasaw
cession. Let any gentleman enter into a calcula-
tion upon this basis of the effect of the system
upon the revenue, and if he was in favor of deriving
thelargestrevenuefrom that source, he would come
out of the investigation an advocate of the system.
But he would give the results in an extract from a
letter of the acting Commissioner of the General
Land Office, (Mr. Piper,) who had made these
calculations from established facts; and let gentle-
men see the mighty probable effects. He says:
" In answer to the 8th inquiry, as to whether or not any
land district, counting loss of mtcr< st at six pel ccnt., lias
leahzed so lar^.': a net sum of nionev, I liave to state that,
taking as a test the aggregate sales of the land districts 111 the
State of Illinois, after deducting the loss of interest at six
per pent, per annum, they have not produced such a huge
sum of money ; and that, on a comparison instituted between
the Chickasaw sales up to June, 1845, and those of the
entire public domain, so far as tlx same has been in maiket
up to that date, and computing interest at six per cent, per
annum on the estimated avcrage'of extra time required for
the sale of an equal quantity under tlie present system, It
appears that the gain of the graduating system would amount,
in the whole public domain, to upwards of sixty millions of
dollais.''
No evidence could be more conclusive. Here
was a test of the two systems, fairly tried, and the
result not only conclusive as a measure of revenue,
but triumphantly victorious in favor of the grad-
uation system. With these lights before them,
who was prepared to controvert the system as a
revenue measure? It was no longer a new and '
unexplored system about which gentlemen might j
speculate in "the most extravagant manner; hut a j
tried one, one upon which they had brought to |
bear the lights of a partial experience, with the
most triumphant success.
But the people of the West were endeared to the
principle of graduation from nobler and higher con-
siderations than its mere influence upon the rev-
enue. Its effects upon the revenue drawing a large
amount from that source, would necessarily create
a temporary embarrassment; but they looked be-
yond the present, to that period when, in conso-
nance to its .just principles, the forests would be
subdued, and the millions of uncultivated acres
would be yielding up rich and abundant harvests;
to that period when the lands brought into culti-
vation would contribute to the support of the
States in which they laid, and be disseminated
amongst the people, until every citizen would be
a land propiietor and owner of the farm which his
labor beautified and adorned. They were for it,
because it was right and just to the States that the
soil of their territories should contribute to their 1
support. They were for it, because it was but
just to the citizen, that the price should bear some
adequate proportion to the value of the land, and
not by a Procrustus-bed rule, fixing as equal that
which the laws of nature had diversified into every
species of inequality. They were for it, because
its policy looked to the enlargement of the num-
ber of independent proprietors of the soil; but
above all, they were for it, because its direct ten-
dency was to bring millions of waste lands into
speedy cultivation, largely increasing the produc-
tive resources of the country, and adding to the
stock of national wealth and national prosperity.
These were among the reasons of the endearment
of the West to this measure. Time would not
allow him to dwell on them, and illustrate their
bearings upon the question, but the bare statement
of them carried convictions of their soundness and
truth.
If gentlemen resisted this measure with any
hope of checking the progress to political power
in the great West by preserving fetters upon their
rapid advance to wealth and prosperity, he could
only tell them, that they were rolling, like Sisyphus,
the incessantly-returning rock. It was a hopeless
effort. More than half a century ago, when the
pioneers' column first advanced into the great val-
ley, its glorious destiny- was written in the book of
fate, never to be erased. That column, with one
wing in the sunny South, and the other resting
on the frozen regions of the North, had moved
compactly some eight hundred miles across the
great plain, scattering in their march the blessings
of an enlightened civilization. In front, they have
constanly encountered, and were encountering, the
dense forests, and the wide-spread solitary prairies;
in their rear, they left behind a thriving popula-
tion, well-cultivated farms, flourishing towns and
villages, and magnificent cities. It has been
manifestly the policy of this Government, to hold
in check that spirit of emigration-—to fetter the
onward course of that breathing column. This has
been manifested, in a constant adherence to a land
system which was at war with the laws of nature;
attempting to equalize that which she had wisely
diversified into every grade of equality. It was
also manifested, in placing a cordon, not of military
posts, but of savage tribes, along the line of the
frontier settlements'. Both, however, had failed to
accomplish the object. By their energy, they had
overcome the evils of the former; and by their da-
ring enterprise, they had swept beyond your savage
border into Oregon and California. Their destiny
was onward,and no policy could resistor check it.
The day the pioneer column passed the barrier of
the Alleghanies, the star of empire arose in the
West; to set only with the final consummation of
all earthly things.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
SPEECH OF MR. C. W. CATHCART,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
February 4, 1847.
In favor of appropriations for Rivers and Har-
bors, delivered in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. CATHCART said:
Mr. Chairman': The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union seems wisely designed
to give the largest liberty of debate. This House
is the grand inquest of the nation, and, while we
are in committee, the usage has been, from the >
foundation of the Government, to discuss all those
topics which may, for the time being, engross our
attention as Representatives of a fiee people; and
to do this, too, less trammelled by technical rules
than the practice in the House would permit.
I wish to avail myself of this privilege; but while
in doing so 1 may refer to a bill not now before
this committee, yet, as my remarks upon that
measure will have a direct and intimate bearing
upon a bill referred to us a few days since upon the
| motion of the chairman of the Committee on Com-
i merce, I trust I may not be considered as trespass-
: ing upon the indulgence of the committee.
I I therefore seize the first occasion which has ,
presented itself, to submit such remarks as may
occur to me, in hopes that they may be dispassion-
ately considered, and be allowed such weight as
the importance of the great interest alluded to may
demand, rather than be measured by the imperfect
manner in which I shall be enabled to present
them.
My purpose is to place myself right before the
country, and particularly before my own constitu-
ency, upon the subject of the protection of our
commerce by the appropriation of the public
money for the improvement of our navigation, by
the clearing out of our large rivers, and the con-
struction or improvement of harbors upon our
Lake and Atlantic coast.
While I am up, I propose not only to give a few
of the reasons which should induce favorable ac-
tion upon the bill lately referred to this committee,
but also to vindicate my consistency, as a Demo-
ciat, and an old-fashioned Jackson Democrat, in
voting for the harbor and river bill, vetoed by Pres-
ident Polk during the last session of Congress.
While I would be the last to expect the President
of the United States to approve a bill which he
deemed unconstitutional, as I conceive such a
course on his part would be in violation of the
