1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Cathcart.
Ho. of Reps.
forward; whereas, were our harbors completed we
of Lake Michigan would build our own vessels,
and enough of them, so that we would not be de-
pendent upon the shipping of Lake Erie for the
forwarding of our vast surplus. One word more
in regard to this veto. The people of the whole
lake country thought they had a right to expect
these appropriations; and I would be recreant to
the trust reposed in me if I did not frankly ex-
press my disappointment. Naturally enough our
sensibilities are more keen upon this subject, than
are those of others living remote from these real
"inland seas." The bones of our brethren are
bleaching in their depths, and the wrecks of our
property are scattered upon our shores; and while
we would be respectful in our remonstrance, wc
consider it our right to be understood.
I have before said that, in my opinion, the power
to make these appropriations was granted to Con-
gress by the Constitution; that the power to
" regulate" commerce meant to " facilitate" com-
merce; and upon this point I beg leave to quote
from the able report of Mr. Calhoun, made during
the last session ill the Senate upon the proceedings
of the Memphis Convention;
" Having now shown what i- the restriction imposed on
the power by the tuinis ' among the Siate>,' your committee
will next proceed to consider what power is eonfened on
Congress within that restriction by the terms 'to regulate
eommeice.'
{ They are of the opinion, after due reflection, that they
confer on it all the powers winch, by a fair interpretation,
belonged to them, a* tally as the States themselves, possessed
it, except such, it there'be any, as may be prohibited by the
Constitution fiom being exeieised, either expressly or im-
pliedly. That they confer on Congress all the power to
regulate coimneice with each othei, with that exception,
would seem to be so clear as hatdly to admit of doubt, as
the words by which U is delegated are used without qualifi-
cation or condition. But, if there should be room for doubt,
it would be loinoved by adverting to the reason for delega-
ting the power. It was not to limit or prohibit ita* a power
of a dangerous character, and which, on that account, ought
to be restricted or piohibitcd. On the contrary, it was re-
garded as one of the utmost utility, and on the proper control
of which the prosperity of the States essentially depended;
and it was a( coidingly tor the purpose of obtaining fcuch
control, as well m to prevent collision among the States,
and not to restrict or piohibit it, that it was delegated to the
Federal Government, as their common lepiesenutive and
organ, m their external relations with each other and foieign
nations. When it is added that such is. admitted to be the
true construction in reference to the latter, and that the
phiascology is the same in reference to both, it would seem
to exclude the possibility of doubt as to its being so al>o in
reference to the fotmer. The only difference between the
two cases is, that the power is divided m us exercise be-
tween the law-making and tieaty-making organs of the
Government in regulating commerce with foieign nations,
while in that of regulating it among the States it is vested
exclusively in the law-making, as itoin necessity it must be,
where the tteaty-powci among Federal States is delegated
to their common Government.
a It remains now to be considered what power would a
fair interpretation of the teims 4 regulate commerce' confer
on Congress? Or, to expiess it mote lully, what power did
the trainers of the Constitution intend to delegate to it in
using those terms? Your committee regard it as fortunate
that, in their endeavor to ascertain what power they intend-
ed to delegate, they are not thrown on the vague meaning of
the terms as used in common parlance. There are tew
words in the language, when thus used, moie vague than
the verb to rcguhtte. It has, as commonly used, all the
shades of meaning, from the mere power of prescribing rules
to that of having absolute and unlimited control over the
subject to which it is applied. Not is the term commcrce
free from ambiguity when so used. It sometimes means
trade, simply; and at other, trade and uansit, or navigation
■when the transit is by water. But the case is different when
they are applied to constitutional or legal subjects. When
so applied, their*meaning is so much more piecise that they
may be regarded as almost technical. They occupy a large
space both in our own code of laws, and that of the countiy
fiom which we deuve our origin and language. And what
contributes still more to the precision ot their meaning is,
that they occupied a ptoimnent place in the discussion
which preceded and led to the Revolution that sepaiated the
two countries, particularly as it relates to the distinction
between the power to lay taxss and that to regulate com-
merce. The latter, it was admitted, belonged to the pai ent
country, while the former was denied and resisted. Many
of the fiamersof the Constitution, who were able Matesmen
and learned lawyers, look an active part in this discussion,
and were familiar with the meaning of the terms, as politi-
cally and legally applied at the time. Under such circum-
stances, it is a fair presumption that in using them, in dele-
gating the power, they intended to attach a meaning to them
similar to that m which thev had been in the habit of em-
ploying them in their political discussions, and in which the
States had been accustomed to use them in legislating on the
subject of regulating coimneice prior to, and subsequent to,
the Revolution.
" Assuming such to be the case, your committee are
brought to the question, What powers were the States
accustomed to exercise in regulating their commerce before
and at the time of the adoption of the Constitution, as far as
they relate to Tts safety and facility f The answer will solve
the question as to the true meaning of the teims, and the
kind of powers intended to be delegated to Congress in refer-
ence to them.
" In order to understand why the States exercised the
kind of powers they were accustomed to do, at and before
the adoption of the Constitution, for the safety and facility
of their commerce, it is necessary to bear in mind that they
were then confined to the Atlantic coast, along which they
extended from New Brunswick fo Florida; and tnat their
commerce with each other was confined to the coast and its
bays. On turning to their legislation during that period, it
will be found that the powers they exercised for that pur-
pose were restricted to the establishment of light-houses,
buoys, beacons, and public piers. They are all of a descrip-
tion well adapted and necessary to guard against the dan-
gers and impediments to which such a commerce as they
then carried on wa< exposed; While they we) 6, at the same
time, such as would be neglected, or not established at all,
unless the public took charge of them ; because individuals
had neither adequate motive nor power to establish or
attend to them. That the power to establish thein refers to
that of regulating commerce, maybe certainly infened from
the motives and objects of their establishment; and that
commercc, in legal language, embraces navigation as well
as tiade, may, with not less certainty, be infened fiom the
same cneumstance, as they ie!ate directly and exclusively
to navigation. If we turn from the legislation of the States
piior to the adoption ot the Constitution to that of the Fed-
eial Government, it will be found that it confirms not only
the corieetness of these inferences, but all that your com-
mittee ha- stated in this connexion, as they will next pro-
ceed to show.
" So important was the powei to regulate commercc,and
especially among the State, regarded, that it vva> among
|; the fiist subjects which claimed tiie attention of the Gov-
l| ei nun nt after it went into operation. On the 7th of April,
j i 17b9, just a month after the commencement of the Govern-
ment. an act of Cougiess became a law by the approval of
tiie President, entitled 'An act for the establishment of
light-houses, buoys, beacon^ and public pieis;' that i*,
moles raised for the shelter of ve^els against storms or ice.
It provides that all the expenses, which shall accrue for the
support and maintenance and repairs ofsueh as were elect-
ed, placed, or sunk by the State*, before the passing of the
act for the safety and ease (facility) of navigation, shall be
defrayed out of the treasury of the United States, with the
proviso that the expense should not be paid by the United
States after one year, unless tiieyshould be ceded and vest-
ed in the United States by the States to which they belong,
with the lands and tenements appertaining to them. It also
provided for the erecting of a light-home near the entrance
of the Chesapeake baj, and for the expense of keeping, re-
building, and repamng of the establishment. These pro-
visions fui nisli conclusive proof that the States, under the
power to regulate commerce, established light-houses, buoy*,
beacons, and public piers; that Congie-s regaided the power
as delegated to it, to the same extent; that the object oi'lhe
power was the ineieased safety and facility of eomnieicc
along the coast; that it appeitained especially to the iemu-
lation ofcommeice amonsi the State--, a* the portion ot the
ocean in its vicinity is the great common highway of the
coimneice of the States bordeimg on if; and that it em-
biaced navigation ii-i well as trade. It may be added, in
confirmation of the construction which places this estab-
lishment under the control of the Government, that it ac-
cords with the practice of the Government of the country
fiom which we deuve our language and origin; with this
difl'eienec, that there the establishment was principally
under the control of incorpoiated companies or individuals,
but subject to the legislation of Parliament, as must have
been well known to the frameis of our Constitution.
"In carrying the power into execution, Congress has
studded the coast with light-houses and beacon lights, to
guide in safety the manner by night on his vovage, against
the danger of capes, reefs, and shallows, and has thickly
planted buoys at the mouths of harbois and inlets, to point
out the narrow channels through winch he may safely pass
into them. It has gone fui titer, and constructed public
piers, (including harbors of protection,) where vessels can
take shelter against storms and ice, and annually expends
a large sum m repaning, suppoitmg, and enlarging the es-
tablishment. To this, add that the power, to this extent,
has been exercised by Congress from the beginning of the
Government until the present time, without nitoiruption or
being seriously questioned as to its constitutionality, either
in or out of Congress, during that longppuod,and it mny be
safely inferred that they have not erred in placing the con-
struction they have on it.
" Having now shown that the power to regulate com-
merce, fan ly construed, embraces the establishment of light-
house®, buoys, beaeous, and public piers, for the increased
safety and facility of the coimneice of the Atlantic coast,
your committee will next proceed to consider the question,
whether it may not lie constitutionally applied fo increase
the safety and "facility of the commerce of the Mississippi
and its waters."
To provej^he constitutionality of appropriations
for our lake harbors—if proof is required upon a
point rendered so clear by the able exposition of
the Senator from South Carolina, who with us of
the Northwest hay never been charged with a lati-
tudinous construction of the Constitution—it is
only necessary to show that they are necessary to
<{ protect" the commerce carried on by the people
of the several States.
"Our lakes are emphatically inland seas, much
more dangerous than the open ocean, from the fact
that you have not " sea room." Indeed, as a sailor
would say, you are always on a " lee-shore." You
cannot scud before the blast for want of room, and
from the shallowness of our waters, the model or
form of hull of our vessels is such that they are
not good at working to windward. They must,
then, in a gale of any considerable length, either
find a harbor of refuge or go ashore. Mr. Polk
speaks favorably of <( harbors of refuge." Now1,
I say to you, that ail our harbors are harbors of
refuge; so that even if harbors of commerce were
to be considered unconstitutional, as Mr. Calhoun
in another part of his report says-, yet our lake
harbors would not be precluded. I suppose Mr.
Calhoun means by a harbor of commerce orfe that
is constructed for the benefit of a single State, in
contradistinction to those which would afford fa-
cilities to the commerce of several.
True, sir, there are different degrees of necessity
for these different places of refuge; as, for instance,
those near the southern end of Lake Michigan—the
lake lying three hundred mites north and south,
and subject to heavy gales from the northward'—-
are points most exposed, and of course at which it
is most necessary for the protection of the com-
merce of the entire lake that suitable harbors
should be completed. If you examine the numer-
ous wrecks on that particular part of the coast
near Michigan City, in Indiana, where they are
so numerous as to have given it the appellation of
the "Coast of Bones," you will find ingulfed in
I its sands the remnants of vessels which were
i bound to almost every port on the lake: and the
| reason is obvious: the heavy gales being from
the northward, when a vessel is caught out and
cannot make a harbor, she tries to keep the open
sea, by standing on a wind, and going about as
she makes or nears each shore. In a heavy sea
way, a vessel necessarily goes to leeward some*
what every tack; and thus you may say, in our
long and narrow lake she vibrates between shore
and shore, until, like the bird caught in the toils of
the serpent, she fetches up on the inhospitable coast
at the southern end of the lake. This is not the
history of one case, but of such a number that on
our southern shore you are never out of sight of a
wreck; and this, too, already, when it has been but
a few years since the bark canoe of the Indian gave
way to the shipping of the whites. And what is
| most emphatically true as to the importance of
i completing the public works at this most exposed
point, and of its necessity as a harbor of refuge, is
true to some extent of every point on the lake.
" The wind blows where it listeth," and it is hard
to imagine the position of a harbor which would
not be a harbor of refuge, or, in the words of the
veto message, not subserve " the purpose of afford-
ing protection and shelter for our navy and other
shipping," and be " safeguards placed in existing
channels of navigation."
Sir, these harbors are the only effective safeguards
which the shipping and commerce of the lakes can
have, and are as necessary, nay, more so, than are
the light-houses on the Atlantic, or the removal of
snags from the Mississippi. Except with a heavy
gale from the eastward, a ship neanng our Atlantic
coast can choose her time to run in; and if she can-
not see her way in, in the night, she can lay off
and on, and run in next day. So on the Missis-
sippi: the position of snags may be, to some ex-
tent, known and avoided. But how is it on our
lakes, subject as they are to violent and sudden
gale.s? and of what use are our light-houses without
harbors, but so many beacons to warn the mari-
ner, m too many cases, of the certain and dreadful
fate that awaits him? Thus the well-trimmed lamp
of the light-house, instead of looming up with rays
of hope to cheer the heart of the tempest-tossed
mariner, merely casts a lurid glare upon an inhos-
pitable coast; and instead of directing him where
he can find shelter and peace, seems only to be lit
to mock at his calamity.
How unwise we would be compelled to consider
our forefathers, if they are to be supposed to have,
by the Constitution, granted us the power to place
buoys to indicate the position of snags and sand-
bars, and yet have refused us the power to remove
them, though their lemoval may not cost half as
much as the buoys to mark their location. How
stiange to conclude that they would give us the
power to build light-houses, to aid our navigation,
and yet refuse us the power to make harbors,
which are absolutely necessary to the very existence
of that navigation.
The constitutionality of these appropriations can
scarcely be questioned. As to their expediency,
we must, and undoubtedly will, differ. But here
I will disclaim the idea that our people are of such
easy virtue as to be corrupted by the exptenditure
