1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Alabama Volunteers—Mr. Reuben Chapman.
Ho. of Reps.
participate in the battle of Monterey! This could
not fail to attract attention among the people of
the State, and call forth speculations and opinions
sometimes quite unfavorable to the regiment and
the officers. These reports have so generally cir-
culated, that they have made impressions upon
the minds of the people of Alabama, such as can
only be removed by the publication of the official
reports on the subject, if any have been made.
Mr. Speaker, I have been pained to hear these
slanderous reports so freely circulated, and I re-
gret to say so often credited against the Alabama
regiment, including the officers, and more espe-
cially to the injury of the colonel commanding
that regiment. How those slanderous reports ori-
ginated, whether by the indiscreet zeal of General
Taylor's friends, for the purpose of excusing him
with the people of the State &r what otherwise
would have been universally condemned as gross
injustice towards these volunteers, or by persons
entertaining envious feelings towards Colonel Cof-
fey and the other officers in the regiment, on ac-
count of their having succeeded in obtaining the
rank they respectively hold, I will not undertake
now to decide. Nevertheless, great injury has
been inflicted; by falsehoods, the character of the
regiment has suffered, and the reputation of the
officers has, for the time at least, been grossly tra-
duced. It is my purpose, Mr. Speaker, as far as
I can do so by eliciting the truth in an authorita-
tive form, to put down these slanders, and vindi-
cate the character of the regiment and the repu-
tation of the officers.
Those persons who turned out so promptly on
the first call of their country, and now compose
that regiment, are the noblest and most gallant
spirits of their State. If any are to be considered
above the reach of envy, or saved from the shafts
of the slanderer and the defamer, the patriot who
takes up arms in his country's cause ought to feel
so while engaged in the service. Certainly there
is no class of citizens who nave a higher claim upon
all good men to protect their reputation, or who
ought with more confidence to expect the aid of
this House to vindicate them, as far as it is in our
power to do so, than they have. The volunteers
from Alabama asked from General Taylor nothing
but justice; they claimed for themselves no privi-
leges, nothing beyond what was due to that de-
scription of troops, under like circumstances, from
other States. They did not turn out m the service
of their country without having a full knowledge
of the hardships of the campaign before them; of
the dangers and difficulties that would beset them;
and, above all, they well understood the responsi-
bilities and the duties of a soldier. But they ex-
pected, as the reward for all their sufferings, to
share the honors of the campaign. They went to
meet in mortal strife the enemies of their coun-
try—to participate in the battles, and reap their
portion of the laurels won. It was this hope that
smoothed their path and buoyed up their spirits.
They were willing to perform their full pait in the
more arduous but less glorious duties of a soldier's
life. Not a word of complaint would have been
uttered by them on account of the order under
which they were detained in the loathsome and
sickly valley of the Rio Grande, guarding stores
and provisions, instead of marching forward to
participate in the honors of the battle of Monterey,
if there had not been selected for that service in
their place volunteers from other States who were
less prompt in turning out in their country's cause,
and who reached the seat of war long subsequent
to them.
I am well aware, Mr. Speaker, that it is not the
business of Congress, nor would it be prudent in
the Executive, to embarrass the commanding gen-
eral by limiting his power in the selection of the
troops for a particular service; but in making his
selections for the more honorable as well as the
less agreeable, he ought to observe such rules as
will dispense justice m the army. When there is
necessity for departing from that rule, which all
will agree to be a just one, he ought to give his
reasons—state why the exception was made. This
is the information I desire. It may be that reasons
have been assigned that will exempt General Tay-
lor from Blame, and relieve the Alabama volun-
teers from the injury they have suffered in their
reputation, and their State from the seeming indig-
nity consequent upon making our regiment the
exception to a just and equitable rule. Bccause
of this apparent injustice unexplained, the Ala-
bama volunteers do complain, their friends are
mortified, and their State feels the indignity that
they were kept back when ardently desiring an
opportunity to meet the enemy, and their proper
position assigned to others who were long subse-
quent to them in reaching the hostile country. -
I have, Mr. Speaker, to ask the indulgence of
the House while I have read at the Clerk's desk a
remonstrance, the result of a meeting composed of
the officers of the Alabama regiment, held at Ca-
margo the 25th of October last, on the subject men-
tioned in the first resolution. This remonstrance
was, as I am informed, adopted unanimously. It
is addressed to General Taylor, in language as re-
spectful as possible, but at the same time it sets
out the causes of their grievances so fully, so
plainly, and so much better than I could do for
them, that I prefer their own statement of all the
facts. If the i emonstrance has ever been answered,
I am not informed of it.
The remonstrance was then read as follows:
" Camp near Camargo, Mexico,
" October 25, 1846.
" At a meeting of the officers of the Alabama regiment, to
take into congelation their grievances, and, if possible,sug-
gest a remedy lor the same, Colonel John R. Coffey was
called to the cliair, and Lieutenant Ketcuuai appointed
Secretary. Wheieupon the chairman, in a lew rcmaiks,
stated the object of the meeting.
" Ort motion of Captain Smith, it was
"Resolved, That a committee be appointed to draft a re-
monstrance to send to General Taylor, and a copy of the
 <une to he forvvaided to the Governor of the State of Ala-
bama, setting forth our grievances, seek out, as far as possi-
ble, the causes thereof, and, in the name of the Alabama
regiment, in a respectful manner, to ask for an explanation.
" Oa motion of Captain Moore, it was
" Resolved, That a committee often be appointed, to con-
sist of one member from each company.
"Whereupon the following gentlemen were appointed on
said committee: Captain Picking, Captain Thomasson, Cap-
tain Moore, Captain Shelly, Lieutenant Hancock, Lieuten- [
ant Thom, Lieutenant Ketelium, Captain Smith, and Cap- 1
tain Cunningham.
" On motion, the meeting adjourned till Thurday evening.
ci Thursday, Oriobcr 29,1846.
"Pursuant to adjournment, the committee made the fol-
lowing report:
k< To Major General Z. Taylor, Commander-in-chief of the
Jlrmy of Occupation :
" Although it is an unpleasant task, as well a? an unusual
liberty in military etiquette, for subordinate officers tol ay
their grievances before arid lemonstrate with their superiors,
yet a solemn sense of the duty we owe to ourselves, as, well
as to the State from which we came, that high sense of ob-
ligation that rests upon every gentleman and soldier to pre-
serve unsullied his reputation, compels us, ou the present
occasion, to forego those considerations of mere delicacy
and military etiquette, and avail ourselves of that high con- j
stitutional right, guarantied to every American citizen, to
present his complaints and grievances in a manly, digmfi •<!,
and respectful manner to his superiois, of whatever giade
or character, whilst we, in a spirit of truth, candor, and
the most perfect respect, call your attention to gome of the
grievances to which our regiment has been snbiected, and
vindicate ourselves against certain erroneous impressions,
alike prejudicial to our rights, and derogatory to our char-
acter as a i egirnent, and to us as officers.
" In order to a just appreciation of our grievances, we de-
sire to call your attention to the Instoiy ot the Alabama re-
giment, and to the disappointments to which we have been
subjected. You may remember, lor bitch are the facts, that
in the month of May last, two regiments of volunteers were
called from Alabama by General Gaines, and soon after the
battles ot the 8th and 9th of that month ; and whilst it was
geneially understood, throughout the whole country, that
our little army, then on the Rio Grande, under your com-
mand, was in the most imminent danger, by his order mus-
tered into the seivice of the United States for six months.
A part of both these regiments reached Mexico; the first led
on by Captain Desha—the first of all to gird on the sword and
fly to the rescue wnen his country called ; the second by
Colonel Raiford, These detachments were afterwards dis-
banded here, by older from the War Department; and the
portion of these two regiments* which weie detained in Mo-
bile, the place of rendezvous, for want of tiansporfation,
were disbanded there by virtue of the same order. Still,
however, unwilling to abandon the objects they held steadily J
in view when they left their home;?, they proceeded forth-
with, not only as individuals, but as companies, to be mus-
tered into the* service for twelve months; and at this tune
compose a large part of the ^ Alabama regiment now in the
service.
"After various perplexing delays, we finally embarked for
the seat of war in the later part of June, and arrived on the
sands of Brazos on the 4th day of July, and found in advance
of us only three detachments of twelve months'troop% to wit-
the Louisville legion, first regiment of Tennessee troops, and
the Baltimore battalion. There we remained, patiently en-
during all the sufferings and privations incident to the season
and place, foi three weeks, confidently supposing that we
would be carried forward into actual service, in the order m
which we arrived at the ecene of war.
u We were then removed up the Rio Grande some seven
or eight miles, to Camp Belknap, where we remained until
about the last of August, and until many who had arrived
here after us had preceded us up the river. We were then
removed to Camargo, where we arrived about the fiist of
September. In the meantime our brigade had been arranged;
composed of the Alabama regiment on the right, the Georgia
aegiment and the Mississippi legiinent on the left. We ie!t
sure, then, that we should soon be in active service, and the
tedious disappointments andfiiffeiings of the past would soon
be forgotten. Wehadl^ftournomes and friends to fiahtthe
battle* of our country •, the eyes of our friends were upon us,
they knew that our legiment was among the first at the seat
of war, and felt sure that Alabama, the first State in the
Union that had troops on the Rio Grande, would have a
place on the fir*t battle-field in Mexico—the very thine that
our regiment, officer's and men, of all others, most desired. -
"But here again we were doomed to new mortification.
We were halted and posted without a puipo&e to achieve,
whilst the Ohio and Mississippi regiments that had arrived
in the field long since we had, were placed in oui front and
en route for Monterey, and Alabama's place there was filled
by another. Since then, the Georgia regiment ha* been or-
dered on, and two companies of our irgiment, which had
staited for Monterey to-day, were ordered hack, and the
second Kentucky regiment ordered on in our place ; some of
whom are on their march. Though our whole brigade is
now at Monterey we are still left behind, although the right
of Uie brigade. We have been more than twice decimated
by the diseases, of the camp. Of this we do not complain i
it is incident to a soldier's life. At Camp Belknap, we were
compelled to carry our provisions and water a mile, and for
weeks through salt lake.? waist-deep: this, it is tiue, was an
unusual hardship; but of this we do nor complain. The
men under our command have been now near live months
m the service without receiving one dollar of pav; but still
of this we do not complain—toi it was far higher and more
elevated coiisideiauons that induced us to embark m the
service. Nor do we claim superionty over any other legi-
ment in the field, either m patriotism or cluvahy ; but we do
claim, in both of these respects, equality with "any corps m
the service. We do think we a e entitled to move on in the
order m which we came into the field, and to our proper
place in fhe brigade to which we were assigned, until by
some act of our own we forfeit that right. And it is that
we have been passed by whilst others have been advanced
over us, that we complain. Is tins a grievance of which we
may justly complain: We must leave that with you to de-
termine. We only ask to share in the dangers and honors
of the campaign, whatever ihey may be. But, as if the
above Grievances wore not enough, it has, as we are in-
formed, been iepresenj.cd to our supenor officets that we
arc a disoidetly and rebellious regiment, sometimes bor-
dering on a state of mutiny; whilet it is represented at home,
to our dispaia<jemerit,,ihatthe opportunity of going to Monte-
rey was tendered us, and that we ignobly declined.
" Jn relation to the fn&t charge, it it has made any impres-
sion upon jour mind prejudicial to our mterO;.t, we beg leave
to undeceive you upon that subject, and positively assure
you that it has no foundation in truth; and challenge the
accuser to point bis linger to one legal oidei that has been
disobeyed, one ouuage that has been committed in which
any considerable number either of ofliceis or men have been
engaged, or one act that even a.ivois of mutiny or rebellion;
and if the opportunity was tendered to this regiment or any
pait oi paicel of it, either to advance to Monterey or to any
other place beyond the point at which we now aie, you best
know the fact and to whom the tender was made, and we
most respectfully request you, as our commanding officer,
and as an act of justice to us, and to the State from which
we come, and in older to place us jh a pioper position be-
fore our friends at home, to respond to thi? communication,
and say whether aiiy such offer was ever made to our regi-
ment, or any part thereof, and if so, to whom. We pledge
ourselves that that wax, of all things, what we most desired ;
and we would hold in most ineffable contempt, any man or
set of men, who has or would, on our behalf, for one moment
decline such an overtuie.
"Notwithstanding all the ravages of disease, we are able
now to bring into active service more than five hundred men ;
ot those under our command, we can speak without delica-
cy; and we positively assert, that in all the qualifications
that constitute gentlemen, patriots, and soldiers, they are
unsurpassed bv any volunteer troops in the field. Whatever
may he the deficiencies of oui field or company officeis,and
ol that it is not proper that we should now speak, it is cer-
tainly not just that a whole regiment should be consigned to
disgrace on account of the weakness, folly, inefficiency, of
one, two, or more men. Whilst wc have deemed it alike
due to vou as our superior oliicci, to ourselves, and to our
friends at home, who are at a lo>s to account for our posi-
tion, to say this much, we beg leave in conclusion to as-
sure you, that in what we have said, we intend not the
slightest disrespect to you or any other supenor officer; that
we will, to our utmo-t, discharge our duty in whatever po-
sition you may be pleased to as.-ign us.
" Please receive assurance of our highest respect and re-
gard/'
Besides the charges so extensively circulated as
set forth in the remonstrance just read, that the Ala-
bama regiment was a disorderly, rebellious body
of men, sometimes bordering on a state of mutiny;
and that an opportunity of going forward to the
attack on Monterey had been tendered to the offi-
cers of the regiment, who ignobly refused, I have
heard of others, which I sincerely believe to be as
destitute of foundation as those mentioned in the
remonstrance. One only I will mention; it is this:
that General Taylor has assigned as his reason for
ordering the Alabama regiment to remain on the
Rio Grande, that he had not sufficient confidence
in the officers to take them with him to the battle
of Monterey. I say, Mr. Speaker, that I do not
believe General Taylor ever assigned such a rea-
son. Nothing had ever occurred to justify him in
making such a statement, and I will not believe
