1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
of argument and beauty of illustration by the dis-
tinguished Senator from South Carolina. I shall
state as succinctly as I can the reasons which in-
duce me to consider this as an inexpedient, not to
say an impossible, proposition.
A plan of operations, seeking to hold a portion
of a country, properly guarded by fortresses, and
furnished with the necessary lines of communica-
tion, and seeking to do this, without publicly an-
nouncing the nature of the plan, and the determina-
tion to adhere to it, is one thing. An attempt to
occupy another portion of country, open, unforti-
fied, with no natural boundaries, and penetrable
in all directions, and publicly proclaiming this sys-
tem as an invariable one, not to be departed from,
is another, and quite a different thing. From the
Gulf of Mexico, following the boundaries of the
provinces now in our possession, to the Pacific
ocean, is but little short of two thousand miles.
Far the greater portion of it is open, and much of
it unoccupied. Instead of any lines of communi-
cation, natural or artificial, whore it must necessa-
rily be crossed, it may be crossed anywhere. It
is a mere paper line—a descriptive one. For hun-
dreds of miles on each side of a great part of the
line, the country is the same; roamed over rather
than possessed by nomadic tribes, and affording
subsistence and shelter to the beasts of the earth.
If you assume such a boundary, you necessarily
place yourself upon the defensive. You must es-
tablish troops along it, and these must be scattered,
occupying different positions. Your enemy thus
acts in masses, while you act in detachments. If
he attack you, and succeed, you are destroyed.
If he attack you, and is discomfited, he falls back,
behind his impenetrable barrier. A snake, clutched
by an eagle, is one of the emblems of the armorial
bearings of Mexico. If this plan of fighting to an
air line is adopted, the proud bird will soon be
powerless, and the reptile will coil itself up to
strike at its leisure and its pleasure. In such a
state of offensive-defensive warfare, the enemy
chooses his time, when you least expect him, or
are least able to resist him. He gains your rear,
and cuts off your convoys and supplies, and thus
reduces you to weakness and distress. Or he
strikes you in a period of sickness, in a climate, to
which you are unaccustomed, and whose alterna-
tions do not affect him. You cannot pursue him
into his country, for the moment you do that, you
confess the folly of your plan, and abandon it for-
ever. If you cross your boundary, you must cross
it to hold on, and then you have a new boundary,
or, in other words, a system of unlimited opera-
tions. If you do not cross to hold on, what will
you do? Your very object in crossing is to chas-
tise the enemy; and you must pursue him to his
fortresses and capture them, if he has any; or you
must fight him in the open field and disperse him.
I repeat, if you do not do this, you may as well
stop at your boundary; look civilly at the retiring
enemy, take off your hats, and say: Good bye
gentlemen; we will wait till you come back again.
The riches of Crcesus would melt away, before
such a system of fighting-no-fighting. The laurels
of Napoleon would wither and die. No exchequer
could bear the expense. No public sentiment the
dishonor. There is but one such campaign, sir,
recorded in all history, ancient or modern, sacred
or profane, true or fabulous, and that is the cam-
paign of Sisyphus. It was an eternal one. Sanc-
tion the plan proposed, and yours will be eternal
too. This stone will never be rolled to the top of
the mountain. It would be a never-ending, ever-
renewing war. The distinguished Senator from
South Carolina thinks, that four regiments and
three fortresses along this line, and one regiment
and a few small vessels for California, "would be
ample for its defence." The line, as described by
himself, is this: "Beginning at the mouth of the
* Rio del Norte, and continuing up the Paso del
* Norte, or southern boundary of New Mexico,
c which nearly coincide, and then due west to the
' Gulf of California, striking it, according to the
' maps J^efore us, nearly at its head."
Here, sir, is a line across the continent from the
Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of California; and this
line is to be so protected by five regiments, three
fortresses, and a few small vessels, as to be imper-
vious to the rancheros and other light troops of
Mexico—the best and most in defatigable horsemen,
perhaps, in the world. I have enumerated, in these
means of defence, a few small vessels, because
they form part of the projet of the honorable Sen-
ator. How they-are to be employed in defending
any part of the line, as I do not understand, I will
not attempt to explain.* If the soldiers were sta-
tioned equidistant upon this boundary, they would
probably be a mile apart. It seems to me, sir—
and I say it with all respect—that we might as
well attempt to blockade the coast of Europe by
stationing a ship in the middle of the Atlantic. As
to the Rio Grande, it is no defensive line at all.
Rivers, when best guarded, arc found to afford very
insufficient protection. But in the great country
south and west of us, yet in a state of nature, or
slowly emerging from it, streams are entitled to
very little consideration in defensive operations.
Who is there, that has passed his life in the West,
and has not crossed them a hundred times by swim-
ming, in canoes, upon logs, upon rafts, and upon
horses ? Is it to be supposed, that an active Mexi-
can, accustomed to the woods from his infancy, |
would hesitate to dash into a stream, and cross it, [
almost as readily as if it were unbroken ground?
But long defensive lines, even when skilfully '
constructed and carefully guarded, are but feeble j
barriers against courage and enterprise. How long ;
did the Roman wall keep the North Britons out :
of England? How long did the Grecian wall of:
the Lower Empire keep the Turks out of Constan- i
tinople, and the horse-tails of their Pashas from
the cathedral of Saint Sophia? And the Chinese
wall—an immense labor of man—that, too, opened
to the Tartars, and enabled the chief of roving
bands to ascend the oldest throne in the world.
The best wall a country can have is the breasts of i
its citizens, free, prosperous, and united. j
But, sir, there is another consideration, not to jj
be overlooked. How could you keep} your own ji
citizens on this side of your imaginary line ? The j
honorable Senator tells us, their spirit of adventure j:
can hardly be restrained in time of peace, and that |
there is always danger, they will push into the <
Mexican provinces. But in time of war—even of ]
a new kind of war like this—they would feel, that j
the enemy's country was open to them, and their j
incursions would keep up a continued state of j
hostilities. i
The Senator says, that offensive wars look to the !
subjugation of a country. I do not thus read the |
history of the world, nor the history of nations. I
consider offensive wars, as necessary means for the
attainment of certain just objects. Our war with
England, in 1812, was an offensive one; but no
American, even in his wildest dreams, ever ex-
pected to subjugate that country. Our object was
to compel her to do us justice, by injuring her
wherever we could". ^History is filled with in-
stances of offensive wars, undertaken with no
expectation of subjugation. Indeed, were it other-
wise, there would be few offensive wars, unless
those undertaken by very large states against very
small ones. If it were so, perhaps the world
would be better off. That question, however, is
not before me, and I shall not travel out of my j
way to meet it. j
The Senator says we have gained six hundred j
thousand square miles, and who would continue |
the war to secure the acknowledgment of Mcxico?
But, sir, it is that very acknowledgment, which is
to give us the country. Until the right, which ces-
sion gives, is added to the right derived from eon-
quest, we can make no acquisition of territory. We ,
are still at war. It is that very act of acknowledg- I
ment, which constitutes peace, and without which :
there can be no peace. !
The honorable Senator speaks of certainty. How
far he requires it in the anticipation of events, T do I
not know. These are his words: ;
" Is there any ceitainLy—-for I go on certainties now more I
than probabilities—can any gentleman see any certainty of
Mexico yielding to our terms", even supposing this fiist cam- j
paign should find us in the city of Mexico?" ;
I, for one, can see no such certainty, sir. In-1
deed it does not belong to man to see it. There is I
scarcely any other certainty in this life, than that |
* It is due to the distinguished Senator from South Caro- '
iina to state that, when Mr. Cass had concluded his re- j
marks, he observed that he had misunderstood him, as to ;
the defence of the line; that the foi tresse? and the tour regi- ;
! ments would be appropriated but to a part of it. If so, a ,
| large portion of the country would be left undefended, and
| the whole plan of opeiation would fail. Such a plan, to be
I effectual, must guard the whole line.
it will be terminated, and soon terminated, by
death. Almost all is doubtful around us, especi-
ally in the operations of war. We are tokljrorrv
the highest authority, "that the race is not al-
ways to the swift, nor the battle to the strong;" and
every day's experience confirms the truth of the
proposition. Some of the most splendid achieve-
ments in war, from Salamis to Monterey, have
been gained under apparently adverse circumstan-
ces, and against great disparity of force. If we are
only to fight, when victory is certain, we shall never
fight at all. The slightest circumstances, which
human sagacity could notforesee nor human power
overcome, have many times decided the destiny of
nations.
The Senator also has submitted many sound
observations respecting the diversity of charac-
ter, of races, and of institutions, which exist be-
tween us and Mexico, and he deprecates, with
equal zeal and justice, the union of the Mexican
people and ours. I fully agree, sir, in all that. It
would be a deplorable amalgamation. No such
evil will happen to us in our day. We do not want
the people of Mexico, either as citizens or subjects.
All we want is a portion of territory, which they
nominally hold, generally uninhabited, or, where
inhabited at all, sparsely so, and with a population,
which would soon recede, or identify itself with
ours. The Senator says, speaking of Mexico,
( what are you to do with the territory?" I an-
swer, nothing at all, as a permanent acquisition.
" Will you, says the Senator, " incorporate it in
your Union ?" Certainly not. We shall hold it
as a means of procuring an honorable peace. And
such a peace it may be made to procure for us.
Some of the remarks of the honorable Senator I
regretted to hear: those which cast doubts upon
the power of*' this country to prosecute this war to
an honorable conclusion—such a conclusion, in-
deed, as alone will be satisfactory to the American
people. I am not going, Mr. President, to subject
these views to any severity of investigation. I
should do it with reluctance in any case, and I
could not do in this. My unfeigned respect for the
distinguished Senator would prohibit it. While 1
claim for myself and yield to others the most un-
limited range of discussion; and while I do not call
in question the truth of the sentiment, uttered du-
ring the last war, that a public man has a right to
speak to his country, though he may be overheard
by the enemy, still there are discretionary limits,
which it seems to me it were better not to pass.
Every word, that is spoken here, is heard upon the
plateau of Mexico. Legislative discussions, with
open doors, are, in this age of progress, discus-
sions before the world. As we watch the indica-
tions of public opinion in Mexico, and seek them
in the journals of the day, the same universal mes-
sengers carry back to that country all we are say-
ing, and doing, and proposing. Far be it from me
to question the conduct, or the motives of any hon-
orable Senator. I believe, that every member of
this body is actuated by as pure intentions, as I am
myself. But I suggest, is it prudent to say here,
that it is uncertain whether we shall be able to
reach the city of Mexico during this campaign, and
that if we do not, she will be encouraged, and we
discouraged; she fortified, and we irresolute? Is
it prudent to say, that there are doubts, whether
we can raise the means for another, more costly,
and at a greater distance? To say that the spirit
of volunteering is gone! To say, that for a third
campaign, there will be no longer resources in
treasury notes? Exhausted, perhaps more than
exhausted, by this single campaign? To ask, if
we can borrow? If we can lay taxes? What
taxes, &c. ? To ask, if we can collect them in cer-
tain States, that are embarrassed; and to answer no?
To inquire, if there will be sufficient unanimity and
zeal in the prosecution of the war, to warrant the
belief, that Congress would grant the necessary
supplies !
These are irksome inquiries to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, and I shall not pursue them. If all this is
so, we are already unfaithful to the trust transmit-
ted to us, purchased by the exertion and blood of
■; our fathers, and left as a precious legacy for those,
I! who are to come after us. The lofty position of
i! the distinguished Senator from South Carolina,
!i his reputation-—a Buropean one, in fact—his great
|j services, and his pure character, give extraordi-
!! nary weight to all the sentiments he utters; and the
