184 7. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
for its consideration, would have tarnished the
honor of our arms, and disgraced u in the eyes of
the world. When an American general stops even
to consider such an ultimatum, he is no longer fit
to lead his countrymen to battle.
But I repeat, sir, let us do justice to ourselves.
Let-us apply to our own Government the same
principles of action, which regulate the other Pow-
ers of the earth. What would England or France
have done, under similar circumstances? We
have seen what they did in other cases, and we
know what they would have done in this. A rea-
sonable forecast would have given them a ri°"ht to
take the "initiative." Whether they would do
that, or only make preparations to repel the threat-
ened attack, by collecting their land and sea forccs,
and by placing these in the best positions for im-
mediate service, upon the maritime and inland
frontiers of their opponent, would have been a
mere question of prudential calculation, depending
on the peculiar circumstances of the case. To do
either would have been their unquestioned right,
and one or the other they would have done, as all
their history tells us. Well, sir, we made these
preparations, and took these positions, as every
dictate of honor and prudence required us to do.
Mexico said she would attack us, if a certain con-
tingency happened. That contingency did happen,
and she attacked us. We took the defensive, and
she the ^initiative.9* Let us not then be told, sir,
that the passage of the Nueces brought on this
war. Its proximate cause was annexation, pro-
claimed before and since by Mexico to us, and to
the world. Had we no shadow of title to the
country extending to the Rio Grande, the move-
ment of our forces to that river would have been
justified by the sternest dictates of self-defence.
The attack being inevitable, it was for us to choose,
where to receive it—either within our own frontier,
or within that of our opponent. Such is the law
of nations, and such the practice of nations.
But, sir, passing from the causes to the conduct
of the war, another broad field of controversy has
been opened to us. We are attacked along our
whole line. The reasons, the measures, the mo-
tives, the objects of the Administration are equally
called into question. I do not flatter myself, that
any views I can present, will influence the final
judgment, which the Senate and the country must
pronounce on this great controversy; still, I have
formed an opinion for myself, and desire briefly to
state the considerations, on which it is founded.
In order justly to appreciate the probable results
of this war, it is necessary to look back upon the
condition of the country, at its commencement.
What was that commencement? A sudden attack
piecipitated a Mexican army upon a detachment
of American troops. Twice were the assailants
repulsed, and twice was the honor of our arms
maintained, and two brilliant victories were gained
under circumstances, which no American can recall,
without emotions of pride and patriotism. Wc had
made but inadequate preparations for such an ag-
gression. Its scene was almost two thousand
miles from the .seat of government. Our whole
army, of which only a portion was on that fron-
tier, did not exceed seven thousand men, scattered
along the coast and interior boundary of this vast
republic. And what spectacle was exhibited when
the news of this aggression broke upon the public
ear? The citizens of Greece and Rome, in the
brightest days of those republics, never brought to
the altar of their country better or prouder sacrifices.
There was one universal burst of patriotic devotion.
More than three hundred thousand men enrolled ;
themselves, and asked to be permitted to march to
the battle-field, and, if necessary, to die for their
country. I have seen the conscription in Europe,
by which armies are kept up, and freedom is kept
down; and I have attended the drawing, to ascer-
tain the circumstances accompanying it. And a
melancholy exhibition it is of power on one side,
and of repugnance on the other. The young men ;
are collected at the place assigned for this lottery
of life. Their numbers are drawn in succession,
and they await the result with almost fearful anx-
iety; as a great calamity is always awaited by those
on whom it may fall, and who are yet ignorant
where it will strike, and where it will spare. And
the exultation of those, who escape, and the de-
pression of those, who do not, are strikingly dis-
played, not only by the parties themselves, but by
their immediate connexions, who accompany them,
and await the result with an apprehension, scarcely
inferior to their own.
But here, sir, there was none of the machinery,
by which unwilling citizens are made conscripts,
and conscripts arc made unwilling soldiers. As I
remarked on a former occasion, at the first tap of
the drum, at the first sound of the bugle, the coun-
try rose in arms—the artisan left his tools where
he had used them—the farmer his plough in the
furrow—the employments of life were abandoned
—and a spectacle passed before our eyes, unseen
in modern times. Jt has been computed, that al-
most half a million of men appealed to their Gov-
ernment for the privilege of participating in the
vindication of its honor, and in the defence of their
country.
Should this war terminate to-morrow without
j indemnity, either pecuniary or territorial—and I
trust it will not—I should still consider its results
richly worth all they have cost. I regret the ex-
penditure of money it has occasioned, and I^deplore
i the loss of life—of much precious life—which has
j been so freely poured out in its prosecution. But
; that treasure has been well spent, and that life
| nobly sacrificed. We were not truly known to the
I nations of the world. Our industry, indeed, our
! enterprise, our spirit of maritime adventure, had
; proclaimed themselves in the most distant regions,
! wherever the seas were whitened by our canvass,
; or ploughed by our keels—and that wherever was
everywhere. But we had been at peace for a con-
siderable portion of a century; our deeds of mili-
tary prowess had been forgotten; our capacity,
either to defend ourselves or to assert our rights
and- honor by arms, was almost unknown; and
where regarded at all, was regarded as feeble in
itself, and as feebly exerted. But this delusion
has passed away; it has been dispelled by the three
victories, gained over vastly superior numbers, and
accompanied with circumstances of gallantry and
military skill, which will ever make them memora-
ble at home, and acknowledged proofs of American
prowess abroad. We are redeemed. We take our
station among the nations of the earth, willing to
do right, and able to command it. Henceforth,
during this generation, at least, wherever our ban-
ner is borne, by land or by sea, it will be pointed
to, as the national emblem of a people, who have
done those deeds, which give character now, and
security hereafter.
But, sir, to return to the condition of our troops
at the commencement of the war. The force, from
the circumstances I have stated, was collected in
the shortest possible time, and put hastily in march
for the scene of operations. Far the greatest por-
tion of this force was undisciplined, and with-
out military experience. Brave, indeed, as ever
marched to a battle-field, but without any practical
knowledge of a military life, so essential to form
an efficient soldier. And in all our investigations
into the conduct and history of this war, there is
one important consideration we must keep steadily
in view: our military establishment, from the
very nature of our position and institutions, is the
most expensive in the world. Human life is worth ;
more here, than in Europe. Men live more com- j
fortably, and are better provided for. Their pres- !
ent is richer m performance, and their future in ;
promise. A French soldier ieceives one sous, not |
equal to one ccnt, a day. I do not speak with ab- !
solute certainty, for I have not had time to refresh j
my recollection by looking into the details of this i
subject. It may be that one centime a day—the !
tenth part of a cent—has come to increase this com- ■
pensation. For that proposition certainly occupied j
the attention of the French Chambers a few years j
since. What do you think, Mr. President, of ;
$3 65, as the annual pay of a French soldier, :j
amounting to $29 30 for eight years' service, in ,
the best part of his life? for that is the term during j;
which every French soldier is compelled to serve. '
What do you think of a quarter of a pound of lean I,
beef, and from a pound to a pound and a half of i
brown—almost black—bread, for the daily subsist- !i
ence of men, called by the heaviest penalties to j
maintain the honor of their country abroad, and !
the power of their Government at home? As with !
the pay, so is it with the subsistence. 1 do not I
undertake to speak with absolute precision; but I j
know I am not far wrong. I am quite near enough j
for the object I have in view, that of showing the '
difference between the condition of a French and*
of an American soldier, and the difference of ex-
pense, which that brings with it. The amy of
France is a great political engine, connected WI&.
the internal, as well as with tne external affairs,, of
the country. It was a subject, that could not faib„
to attract my attention while there. It is admirably
composed and admirably administered, for the pur*
poses of the Government. The soldiers are active,
brave, with a true military bearing, and with a pas-
sionate devotion to the glory of France. I found
their subsistence, and all their supplies, upon the
lowest possible scale of economy, consistent with
the preservation of their health and strength. I
found, too, that when first called into mihtarylife,
the provisions dealt out to them were inadequate
to their comfortable support. And it was only
when they had acquired the habits of their new
occupation, and had learned how best to manage
their provisions, and to content themselves with
meagre soup and dry bread, they were able to ac-
commodate themselves lo their new position.
As to us, we are not fit to be a nation of soldiers.
We have much better things to do. And the re-
sources of an empire would break down under the
expenses, which a large and a long-continued mil-
itary establishment would necessarily entail upon
us. Whatever may be the extent of our army—
and we all agree that in time of peace it should be
small—and whether large or small, it must be filled
by volunteer engagements. And public opinion
will require, and rightly require, that the mea
composing it should be adequately paid, properly
clothed, and comfortably mawtained.-
It must also be recollected, that the means of
transportation, one of the limbs of an army, had
to be suddenly collected within the United States,
and earned to the theatre of operations. These
means were necessarily large, and could only be
brought together at great expense and labor, and
with much loss of time. Rccollcct, also, sir, that the
organization of your Quartermaster's Department
was not made for the present state of things. It
was not. at all adequate to the discharge of a mass
of new duties, suddenly thrown upon it. I know
the head of that department well. A more gallant
soldier, a more faithful officer, a more vigilant ad-
ministrator, our service does not number upon the
military Register. And I believe the assistants
under him deserve commendation for their zeal,
capacity, and industry. But new agents, without
experience, had to be selected, and it were vain to
expect purchases would be as judiciously and
economically made, and property as well preserv-
ed, applied, and accounted for, in this new exi-
gency, as in the ordinary routine of service.
Besides, sir, there is one very obvious consid-
eration we must keep in view, m looking at our
expenditures. It applies to no party, but belongs
to all, for its cause is to be sought in our institu-
tions. The accumulation of supplies for our mili-
tary operations is greater, and always has been
greater, than in any other army in the world. The
responsibility of those, who direct them is so heavy
and immediate, from the ever-vigilant supervision
of public opinion, that it is felt in all their arrange-
ments. Fearing to do too little, they come to do
too much, and thcnce loss in purchases and ulti-
mate waste in application. It was something like
this which aided to swell the expense of two
small Indian wars and one quasi war to thirty mil-
lions of dollars. And wo have an illustration of
its operation in an able letter of the 5th of Decem-
ber last, to the Secretary of War, from General
Jesup, who, in defending his department from the
charge of General Taylor, that his means of trans-
portation were insufficient and not in time, while
speaking of the boats ordered, says that "themun-
' bcr required by the General was, I believe, nearly
' quadrupled ultimately by the officers of the de-
4 partment.'" And again: " It was known that he
' ' (General Tavlor) had a wagon train amply suffi-
, { cient for double the forcc he commanded, before
' the arrival of the volunteers;'' that is to say, for
i the force he was expected to operate with when
! the supply was furnished. Why this piling of
! Pelion upon Ossa? Why this doubling and quad-
' rupl.ng of materials? It seems to be one of the
taxes Ve cannot escape, and therefore we must
submit to it with the best grace we may; though
it is to be remarked, that no injury happened to
the public service in this case, for the excess, if not
