1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr, Dayton.
Senate.
Now, whatever diversity of opinions may have
existed among the higher officers of our army, as
he says there did, it is quite evident that this plan
was submitted to no one of the generals in Mexi-
co; that they never saw it or heard of it before it
was announced that the rank of lieutenant general
was to be created,and the person named who was
to fill it. The Senator tells us th^t he was first
called into consultation on this subject in the month
■of November last, and when Congress was soon
to meet. I need not say that almost, if not quite,
cotempoianeous with this, the rumor, before re-
ferred to, was abroad; and no time could have
elapsed sufficient to understand the views of our
generals in command in Mexico. Whether, there-
fore, Generals Scott or Taylor were witling to ex-
ecute this plan of campaign, the Executive could
not have known, when he proposed to supersede
them. Indeed, the following paragraphs admit,
inferentially, that they, at least, knew nothing
about it. The Senator says:
Tins, [meaning the appointment,] for reasons too well
known to require iehear®al in tins Chamber, u was thought
would he entnolv agreeable to the generals ol highest rank
in our atmy in Mexico; it wouid stcuie their rear at home,
and leave them free to contend with the enemy m front. It
was not intended to dimmish the fighting vocation of the
two generals, but to reconcile and accomplish two desirable
objects, namely, the execution of the Present's plans, and
the release of the major generals trom responsibility tor
plans and movements."
So, it seems, their assent was inferred. It is
important, in appreciating the injustice of this effort
on the part of the Executive towards these two
gallant veterans, to keep this fact in view.
, But again, it seems to me, with great respect to
the Senator, he could scarcely have put the ap-
pointment upon grounds more offensive to these
officers. "It would secure their rear at home*'—
" it was not intended to diminish the fighting voca-
tion of the two generals," but to release them
"from responsibility for plans and movements."
He was not, then, sir, to be so much a lieutenant
general as a thinking general; his object was, by
his own account of the matter, not so much to lead
as to think for them; not to supply valor, but
brains, to the army!
Passing from the appointment to the plan of
campaign recommended by the Senator, and as-
sented to by the President, I cannot forbear some
other remarks. It consisted of two parts, civil and
military; of the last only I shall speak. He says:
" It proposed to carry on the war, while there was war,
according to the usage of al) nations in the case of invasive
war—the invaders to bj paid and subsisted by the invaded.
Contributions regularly levied—duties regularly collected—
would accomplish object^ and leave the United States
free, or nearly free, from the expenses of the war."
The Senator here proposes, and the President
assents to the proposition, that pay, subsistence,
and contributions, shall be regularly levied on the
inhabitants; he calls this, too, the usage of all na-
tions in the case of an invasive war! Sir, are we
in the middle of the nineteenth century, or are we
a century back of it? Contributions exacted from
the inhabitants, private property plundered, (for
that is it in another form,) to subsist an armed
forcc! Flow arc you to lay these contributions ?
It must be from property, public or private. You
may plunder the towns and churches, or yot.i may
exact contributions from private citizens. In either
case you verify all they have said of you; you ex-
asperate and rouse against you the entire nation.
If this be the usage of all nations ill the case of an
invasive war, it is strange indeed that it should so
long have escaped the attention of the President
and his Cabinet, as well as the generals in com-
mand ! If there be any -usage of civilized nations
settled, in eases of this kind, it is directly the re-
verse. " The usage of all nations m ease of inva-
sive war!" Why, sir, we invaded Canada, and
the first thing done there was, I believe, to proclaim,
as the principle and rule of our conduct, safety to
the persons and property of all non-combatants.
Everything taken for the use of our armies was
paid for. "Great Britain invaded us, both in the
Revolution and during the last war. Did she,
while overruning our country, while occupying our
towns and our cities, enforce pay and subsistence
for her troops from the inhabitants? Sir, the prin-
ciple belongs to an age of warfare that has passed.
If my memory be right, it has been discarded gen-
erally from the warfare of modern Europe. The
campaigns of Napoleon were exceptions. So vast
and universal was his system of plunder, that, on
the return of the Bourbons, the Government was
never held liable to answer for them. It would
have taken all France bodily to meet the demand.
He plundered and subsistedhisarmieseverywhere.
He trod under foot the rights of neutral nations,
and depredated upon belligerants in disregard of
the sentiments of the civilized world. And yet,
sir, with even this provocation, the allies disdained
to retaliate on him, or on France.
The campaigns of the Peninsula afford some use-
ful instruction as to the merit and effects of this
system of enforced " contributions," now recom-
mended, for the first time, to the adoption of our
countrymen. Alison, as late as 1842, denounces
them as a iCpiratical systemIn describing their
effects on the Peninsula, he says:
"The excessive rigor with which the generals' contribu-
tions were everywhere levied, and the crushing weight with
winch they fell upon the peasantry, filled the gueiilln ranks,
as well from the bereavements which they occasioned as the
destitution which they produced. They brought the bitter-
ness of conquest home to every eottaff*1 in the kingdom;
they drove the iron into the soul of the nation ; revenge, that
" wildspecics of justice," gained possessionofeveiyheart."
Wellington himself, in writing home, says of
this {system of the French armies, " It is our best
friend, and will in the end bring the contest to a con-
clusionIn despite of this system of exaction by
the troops of revolutionary France in the countries
ofhis allies, (Spain and Portugal;) he had no soon-
er driven them beyond the Pyrenees, and placed
his armies within the territories of France, than he
issued a proclamation to his forces, requiring that
every dollar's worth of subsistence obtained from
the country should be paid for, and it was. (9 Al.,
853.)
Mr. President, so far from pay, subsistence, and
contribution, being the usage of all nations, I hold
it a mere modification of the ancient system of
open plunder. That whatever may be the techni-
cal rights of a nation in time of war, the spirit of
the age, and the general usage of Christian nations
is, to hold all who are engaged in peaceful avoca-
tions safe in their persons and safe in their prop-
erty, from all enforced exactions, as well as from
open plunder. Had the President's views been
carried out, we would have had, through a system
of privateering on the seas, and contributions on the
land, a campaign of plunder unworthy our coun-
try and our age.
Having thus considered that plan of campaign,
so far as we have knowledge of it, which the
President had intended to adopt, I shall now con-
sider that which has in time past been adopted.
My first remark is, that the President himself has,
by his willingness to adopt another, in effect con-
demned his own prior plans of campaign.
Sir, it was late in the day to call the Senator
from Missouri into consultation. Vast amounts
of treasure and blood had heen already expended
on a plan inefficient, and necessarily resultless in
its character. I think I now see shadowed forth
the coming effort of this Administration to throw
the responsibility of anticipated expenditure and
misfortune off their plans, and upon Congress and
upon the generals in command. It will be nothing
new. In those days ofanticipated disaster which pre-
ceded the unlooked-for victories of the 8th and 9th
of May last, on the Rio Grande, I well remember
that we heard, everywhere, from the satellites of
power, of the discretionary orders of General Tay-
lor to call for troops, and conduct the campaign.
The same will be heard again. This Adminis- j
tration has had just ability enough to get the j
country into war, but not ability enough to prose- :
cute it with advantage, or get out of it with honor, j
It is evident, from the late letter of General Tay- t
lor, dated 9th November last, that the Administra- j
tion were informed, long since, that the war could j
not be prosecuted beyond Saltillo without a vast j
addition of force and supplies. The Administra- |
tion knew that its plan of campaign was exhaust- j
ed, yet nothing was done. Sir, I mean to hold j
them to their just responsibilities. I mean to vote \
for the amendment substituting volunteers for the
war instead of regulars, not because, as a general
thins;, I hold them the most useful kind of troops,
but because, in this case, they can be sooner raised,
and of better materiel. The very name of volunteer
has a charm, which that of an inlisted soldier has
not. The ranks of the regular army have unfor-
tunately got to be considered the refuge of the idle,
the vicious, and the insubordinate of our own citi-
zens, and of foreign emigrants. How manyof the
sons of respectable farmers of good character ever
enter the ranks of the regular army?' Thereto to.
prejudice against" 'listing" like that which pre*
vails against binding by indenture. Our youth are
willing unserve, but not to be "bound out." There
is something in a name. Besides, sir, I confess a
great distaste to increasing, by voting regulars, so
vastly the military patronage of the President. It
has, in my judgment, been greatly abused by a
system of partisan appointments in times past.
Still, sir, I mean, if the amendment fail, to vote
for the bill. The Administration shall have the
men and have the money. But we'have a right
to demand in return a plan of campaign which will
produce something. What have we seen? The
plan of campaign is accomplished. Our soldiers
have crossed the far prairies; they have overrun
New Mexico and California; they have occupied
their towns and cities; they have gained, against
odds unknown in modern warfare, two pitched
battles; they have carried Monterey by storm, and
yet cui bono 7 Sir, the days of Quixotism have
passed. I do not depreciate the value of that repu-
tation which comes of a " well foughten field;"
but nations do not, in our day, fight simply for
renown. What other profit have we of this cam-
paign? Mexico has suffered less by her defeats
than we by our victories. Our losses, to hers,
have been as five to one. Already by battle and
climate we have lost from 1,500 to 2,000 men? Our
army expenses have been millions per month;
hers, by one of her late official documents, are
$368,789 only. And where is it to end? Who
can see that end in the dim future? We were
lately told by the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations that this Mexican war had just
begun; if so, it is an abyss, a bottomless pit, des-
tined to swallow up everything that goes into it;
and I fear that, among the rest of its victims, will
be the present Administration.
The plans of the Executive are accomplished; it
has now obtained a worthless foothold in a coun-
try, where its army is the best market for the in-
habitants; where it buys, and must, buy, all itgets,
and pay for all it consumes. Of what avail, then,
for peace, is your hold upon these distant provinces ?
You are hacking at branches, the entire destruction
of which would not shake the trunk. You are deal-
ing with Mexico on the now universally condemn-
ed plnn of our attack during the last war upon Can-
ada: wastingyourstrength on points where success
is useless, and defeat would be fatal.
Sir, the whole secret of this miserable plan of
campaign is here. It was not a campaign formed
primarily to bring us peace. Peace, c< an honor-
able peace" as they phrase it, was sought, not as
an end% but as a means to an end. Jlcqxtisition was
the end, peace but the means to attain it. I have
regretted this manifestation on the part of the Ex-
ecutive; one wrong was scarcely accomplished,
when another was begun. Through all the clouds
and darkness which have covered this Administra-
tion, shutting out from its view the pathway of its
future, one single star has glimmeredm the distance;
seen, watched by it, as the star of its hope and its
destiny. Sir, this is a war, not for peace, but for
California! Ay, California! and a strip of coun-
try connecting us, is its grand object and end. The
conduct of the Administration and the documents
prove this, in despite of all official disavowals.
From the beginning, it has been pursued with a
boldness, ashamelessness, wifhoutparallel. Here-
tofoie, we have affected some hesitation, a little
maiden coyness, about appropriating that which
did not belong to us; even Texas was at first de-
clined. Alas, sir, each sin but hardens the sinner.
The New York regiment, under command of
Colonel Stevenson, and the terms of its inlist-
ment, weic a species of public proclamation of the
design of the Executive; but the correspondence
was far in advance of this expose of Executive in-
tention. It breathed and spoke but one tone and
spirit: seize on California; hold on to it; if peace
be made, the "uti possidetis" principle must find
us in possession.
On the 3d of June, 1846, Secretary Marcy writes
Commodore Sloat—
"It has been decided by the President to be of the greatest
importance, in the ponding war with Mexico, to take tiitt
earliest possession of Upper California."
