1846.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL $L0BE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Morse.
Ho. of Reps.
is invulnerable-; that all attempts to injure the Chief
Magistrate for any part of his conduct during the
whole course of its existence, from the first orders
to General Taylor to take position on the left bank
of the Rio Grande, up to the present moment, will
only recoil upon our opponents, and cover them
with disgrace and defeat.
This forlorn hope was led on by many of the
distinguished leaders of the Opposition, in away
(as one of them observed) that tried their mettle
and their patriotism. They have been compelled
to retire before the wcU-directed fire of our friends
on this side of the House.
At the commencement, many of their valiant
leaders joined in the attack. Within the last few
days their ardor seems to have abated. Perhaps
they think, with old Jack Faistaff, that "discretion
is the better part of valor."
It is not that a single charge has been made that
has not been, or that cannot be instantly answered,
that I desire to address a few remarks in reply to
some of the gentlemen who have spoken on the
other side of the House: my principal object is to
show to what wretched shifts a reckless opposition
is driven, in the vain effort to answer the plain and
irresistibly convincing statements of the President's
message. I mean no disparagement to other gen-
tlemen in the Opposition, when 1 say that some of
the ablest in their ranks have taken part in this de-
bate ; and when I shall merely recapitulate a lew of
their arguments, and show how so grave a question
has been handled, the committee and the country
will see how lame and impotent the attack, and how
complete and overwhelming the failure.
It has not been my fortune, good or ill, to hear all
the speeches; but some of the ablest and best of
them I have heard; and if a stronger or a better
case could have been made, from the acknowledged
talents and ingenuity of those gentlemen, I have
no doubt it would not have escaped their scrutiny.
In another part of my remarks I shall analyze
the arguments of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. G. Dayis,] the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Winthrop,] and the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Gentry.]
I shall endeavor, in the first place, to controvert
the assertion that this war is unpopular with any
considerable portion of the American people, and
to show that a large majority of this nation have
always been, are still, and will be, perfectly wil-
ling to sustain the Executive in the position which
he now holds on this momentous question.
In the second place, I hope to demonstrate that
the bitter attacks made in and out of this House,
the violent denunciations of this war as v/njtohj, ag-
gressive, and waged solely for conquest, have a ten-
dency to weaken the Executive arm, and have en-
couraged, and will encourage, our enemies to a
more obstinate resistance. I say, have a tenden-
cy. Now, sir, I impute no bad motives to any
member on this floor. I permit no man to question
my motives, nor is it necessary for me to question
those of others. With the quo animo I have noth-
ing to do; of the tendency of their speeches and acts
I have a right to form my own opinion, as they
have of mine.
Ft may be that the charges reiterated on this floor,
that the President has stated in an official commu-
nication to this body " what is not true, and what
is positively untrue," that he has tried to make the
people believe a lie, or that he has told the lie di-
rect, or the lie with circumstance, or the lie by im-
plication, or the scriptural lie, may be one way to
strengthen the arm and assist our country in the
present struggle; it may be that the adoption of the
resolution and preamble of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Thomasson,] which declares in
substance to the Mexican government that no mat-
ter what money and life may be expended in this
war, that it is unbecoming a great republic to ask
for anything but the old debt;—it maybe that all
these things are calculated to terminate the war.
Men arrive at very opposite conclusions from the
same statement of facts; and it may be some pecu-
liar obtuseness or idiosyncrasy on my part that I
arrive at conclusions entirely different. I may
greatly err when I infer that such manifestations
of discontent, and violent personal abuse from
among the most distinguished and influential mem-
bers of a large party, that boldly assert they will
be in a majority of the next Congress, will have a
pendency to encourage them to persev.ere a while
longer, and thus afford aid and comfort to the ene-
my- These things may all be, and it may happen
that the course of my political friends and myself
is the one calculated to afford " aid and comfort"
to the enemy. Of this, time and the people of this
country will decide.
Who that reads the late extracts from the Eng-
lish press does not see how their tone has altered,
at the first breaking out of the war, and the alac-
rity with which the volunteers flew to the defence
of their country extorted a tribute to the patriot-
ism of the entire country ?
-By the arrival of the Cambria I have numerous
extracts, one of which will suffice. Speaking of
the late elections in New York, and the rejoicings
of the Whig press, they say: " Our country, right
or wrong, is fast melting away before party,-taxa-
tion, and Abolition," and conclude with gloomy
forebodings about the success, &c.
If the English press, who understand the char-
acter of our institutions and the influence of party
from a resemblance to their own, are encouraged to
hope for a defeat of our arms, how much more must
the Mexican nation be comforted and solaced ifthey
can only hold out until a change of administration,
which is so confidently predicted.
And first in order comes the honorable member
from Kentucky, [Mr. G. Davis,] the mover cif the
resolution which forms the nucleus around which
are concentred all these patriotic effusions. Though
the message itself contained almost, all the informa-
tion embraced in the call, and sought for by the
resolution, still it was necessary to have some sub-
ject matter before the House on which their over-
flowing patriotism could discharge itself. That
gentleman, who I believe is the immediate repre-
sentative of Mr. Clay, has been inoculated with a
disease with which his friend and constituent was
first severely attacked in this city, in 1824; some
kind of phobia—in plain English, a pious horror of
military chieftains; which malady has continued to
infect that gentleman, and most of those with whom
he is in the habit of acting, without any intermis-
sion except about the epoch of the memorable cam-
paign of 1840, and which may possibly remit once
more, should it be in their power to find another
available military chieftain.
After indulging in a sufficiency of expletives, and
denouncing Mr. Polk and the war in unmeasured
terms, he poured out his prophetic warnings against
the danger of a subversion of all our free institu-
tions, and did seem to sympathize deeply with the
unfortunate Mexicans upon their loss of territory.
•Whether the apprehended danger to our liberties by
military usurpers was from General Polk, General
Taylor,General Kearny, or Commodore Stockton,
I did not exactly understand; but, at all events, the
President was responsible. Without knowing(or,
I presume, caring much) whether General Kearny
acted upon his own responsibility or under the or-
ders of the President, or whether he was overrun-
ning Texas or Mexico, this gentleman seemed
equally disposed to find fault, and discovered a
querulous disposition nearly akin to that unfortu-
nate wight who, after bieakiny: "Diana's pales,"
reeling homeward, muttered as he went,"If I find
my wife abed I'll punish her. What right has she
to go to bed before I come home ? If I find hemp,
I'll punish her. Whatriirht has she to burn wood
and candle at this time of night?"
Another argument, and one which seemed to
have great weight with the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] was, that Santa b'e being on the
east side of the Rio Grande, (and consequently
within the State of Texas,) a military government
had been established there. Was it not in the
armed occupation of the enemy ? And is it not the
duty of the officer commanding to secure, tempo-
rarily, his victory, and to provide for the safety of
his army, and some government for the inhabi-
tants?
Has General Kearny done any thing more?
If the English forces should ever get possession
of any portion of the Empire State, and be driven
off, as I have no doubt they soon would, should
not the officer in command provide, by military law,
for the retention of the territory, and the safety of
his army and the inhabitants?
Were gentlemen sincere in their fears of military
usurpations, or jealous of the rights and privileges
of that lone star, whose admission into our glori-
ous constellation of-free States they so violently op-
posed, would it not have been mote becoming to
have waited for the information yigy sp much de-
sired, .that they might act adyisedly, And let ikeir
vengeance fall on the guilty head ? Do gentlemen
suppose it is not easy to penetrate .the veil? 'But.
one honorable member [Mr. Darragh, of jPennsyl-
vania] gave us the real objection to the message*
He characterized it as an appeal to the people,.as
demstgoguish, and entirely unbecomiug the Chief,
Magistrate. Sir, in a matter so vitally important,
in which every man, woman, and child, I troy
say, is so deeply interested, it was not only the
right, but the solemn duty of the President tp get
forth clearly and strongly the accumulated ,Ust qf
injuries and wrongs which had induced this ,vjar.
A decent regard to the opinions of the wofld,,and
the responsibility due to each ^nd every citizen,
made it liis imperative duty,to show that his coun-
try .was engaged in no unholy war, that the citizen
soldier mis;ht feel in his own heart the conscious-
ness that "thrice is he armed that hath his quarrel
just;" and mostfully has he dope it, and that cottn-
tiy has nobly responded to thcappeal. ,T*uU tiling
hundred thousand men, from all quarters of our
Union, have at different times volunteered their ser-
vices, and as many more will be found, if necesr
sary, to redress the accumulated wiongs of years.
It was the complete and satisfactory vindication
of our country that drew forth all these fears of
military despots, and such sympathy for the Mex,-
icans.
It was the apprehension that the whole country*
without distinction of party, would rally around
the Executive, and show to other nations that how-
ever we might quarrel over our little,petty jealous-
ies and grievances, against a hostile foe we could
still present one undivided front, and he united as
one man.
It was to counteract the effect of that able mes-
sage upon the American mind that this whole
scene has been gotten up; and, with all the scru-
tinizing keenness with which it has been exam-
ined, "with anxious care to find out some flaw that is
' not there," the gravest charge that is made is, that
it is too demagoguish.
My friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wixthrof,]
who masters every subject he investigates, has also
looked into this message with some care, and has
discovered—what? That the President wanted the
firmness to recommend a tax on tea'and coffee,
though that was what everybody knew he meant.
Sir, if the President had recommended that measure
totidem verbis et Uteris, what grave denunciation
should we have heard from that very quarter for
an attempt to dictate to the Representatives of the
people the specific objects upon which he desired
a tax to be levied. And the other charge, equally
grave, is, that the message is unusually long, and
that since the days of the second Adams, there has
been a fearful increase in the length of the Executive
communications, and a corresponding encroach-
ment upon the liberties of the American people, as
the liberties of the country, I suppose, will be
found in the inverse ratio of the length of the mes-
sages.
These constitute the sum and substance of the
objections urged against the message by the very
ablest gentlemen in the opposition. What will the
sensible and reflecting portion of the American peo-
ple say to this? Why, sir, if nothing graver than
this can be made, they will decide unanimously
that the President has made a most satisfactory
and triumphant vindication of his whole course in
this Mexican war, from the beginning to the end.
Another gentleman, from Tennessee, [Mi-.Gen-
tri,] who, it seems, stands upon his mettle and
his patriotism, has severed the "Gordian knot,"
and answered the arguments of the President by
denying the truth of his statements, and making a
question of veracity between them. My friend
from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy J has satisfactorily
answered all that part of his speech. There is one
admission in Mr. G.'s speech upon which I desire
to make a single observation. That gentleman ad-
mitted it as a genera! principle, that when a coun-
try was actually engaged in war it was not the
proper time to indulge in severe reflections in the
public councils on the conduct of the war, but all
should make with cheerfulness all necessary sacri-
fices to carry the country through it with honor.
But the gentleman thought the present case formed
