202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
29*h Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Harper.
Ho. of Reps.
an exception. Why, sir, this war was declared
with a unanimity rarely seen in the Congress of
tlje United States, even on the most unimportant
matter. On the contrary, never had patriotism been
so Uttle taxed. Our commerce has suffered no in-
jury; our ships float on every sea, without fear or
molestation. The price of all our domestic pro-
ducts sufficiently remunerates the planter for his
labor.. Our soil is in no danger of invasion. Ag-
riculture, commerce, and manufactures are all
reaping rich harvests, notwithstanding the repeal
of the tariff, and the war. Nothing can be found,
even in the incidental effects of the war, to justify
the most garrulous in the slightest reproach or com-
plaint.
Mr. Chairman, I will not occupy the time of this
committee, or weaken the argument of the Presi-
dent, by a repetition; but if the long catalogue of
injuries upon our commerce, and insults and rob-
bery upon our fellow-citizens for a long series of
years,unsatisfied and unredressed; if the withdraw-
al of the Mexican minister from our court, and the
contumglious rejection of our own from theirs; if
the repeated bombastic menaces to reconquer Tex-
, as to the Sabine, and the solemn announcement
that this question never could be settled, except by
the last argument—the ultima ratio regum—I say,
if all these things do not justify a prudent man in
ordering our troops to march upon a disputed ter-
ritory, to which it is admitted we have certainly as
much right as Mexico, it must be that the Execu-
tive attached no importance to her impotent and
absurd threats; that they were too contemptible
and unworthy of belief, as that nation has shown
herself in her intercourse with every other nation;
and that as little faith could be placed in her men-
aces to fight, as her promises to pay.
These orders to march upon the Rio Grande
were matter of public notoriety to all the world; and
before Taylor and his gallant little band reached
that point, where was the call for information?
Why were all your eloquent tongues dumb, when
they could have been used without endangering
the safety of our army, or encouraging the en-
emy? Then you should have spoken, or forever
held your peace. There is a time for all things.
Before the war, or after the war, either would
have been proper and patriotic. No; you re-
mained silent as the grave. It is not until your
gallant little army is surrounded by thrice their
jiumbers of a treacherous and perfidious enemy,
who violate without compunction all laws, hu-
man and divine, in their warfare; worse than the
native American savages, with their poisoned
balls, and respecting neither the solemn obliga-
tions of a truce, nor the rights of prisoners who
have surrendered under the most solemn prom-
ises that the laws of war should be respected, and,
when the opportunity occurs, sparing neither age
nor sex. No; not when every eye was turned to
this Hall and every heart was throbbing with sus-
pense to know whether they couid rely upon the
■ support of the Representatives of their country to
sustain them in this deadly trial.
Could not the brilliant victories of Palo Alto and
Resaca de la Palma, and the gallantest feat of arms
that ever was seen—the storming the regularly-
fortified city of Monterey, defended by more than
double their own number—strike you dumb?
While I know and feel that the President has as-
sumed a position which cannot be assailed with
any hope of success, and that we must stand jus-
tified before all Christendom, I go one step further,
and I maintain that the Jaws of nations would
have fully justified us in marching directly into
the enemy*s country, and, if the President had
the means to do it, instantly seizing on Tampico
and Veia Cruz. France had battered down the
castle of San Juan d'Ulloa about their ears for
provocation not one-tenth as great. Had Great
Britain or Franco made one-half the menaces, and
we remained passive, without demanding and ta-
king redress, we should have been forever dis- !
gracedin the eyes of mankind.
Is there any principle recognised by the laws of
nations, or by the rules of common sense, which
requires a nation to wait until the first blow is
struck ?
In Louisiana we did not stop to inquire who
was in the wrong; we only heard that our army
was in danger, and the soil which the highest of-
ficer in this country had said was, if not ours, at
least as much so as it was our enemy's, had been
invaded. The Legislature placed every dollar in
the treasury at the disposition of the Governor, to
be used in equipping and despatching troops; and
a little State, only giving some twenty-odd thou-
sand votes, had emptied its treasury, and furnished
five thousand volunteers, who were in the field as
soon as they could be provided with munitions of
war and the means of transportation. It gives me
pleasure to add, we knew no distinction of party;
theie, at least, our country goes before our party;
and the extract annexed from the " New Orleans
Bee," the leading Whig paper in that city, will
show with what indignation they repel the insinu-
ation contained in an article in the "Union,that
the Whig party are opposed to the war.
What course the editor of that paper will take
when he reads the mild and gentle expletives, and
sees the position taken by the leaders of that party
in Congress, I do not know; but he cannot be de-
ceived by the assurance that those gentlemen on
this floor, in voting for the supplies, have done
their duty. There is such a thing as "keeping a
promise to the ear, and breaking it to the sense,"
and the prayers and. good wishes of our fellow-cit-
izens are as necessary to success and more grati-
fying than our money; the kind regard, the " still
small voice" of encouragement, i% sweeter to the
broken spirit, than all your alms sneeringly and
ostentatiously given and displayed. Ophelia says—
"Rich gifts wax poor, when givers prove unkind."
Mr. Chairman, one more word in conclusion.
Gentlemen of the self-constituted grand jury, you
have arraigned, not James K. Polk, nor the Chief
Magistrate of our common country, but you have
indicted the American nation, and brought her
before the bar of public opinion to answer for the
highest crimes and misdemeanors: 1st. Of waging
an unjust and an unholy war; a war against a sister
republic, and a war against the free principles and
the Constitution of your country. The President,
for himself and the country, has entered the plea
of not guilty, and demands an impartial trial of the
issue.
We intend to put in no special plea. If you
make good your charge, somebody is guilty: either
the Prevsident, the majority of that Congress which
declared this war, or the nation at large. You,
gentlemen of the Opposition, have staked your
reputation on'the issue.
If this war is what you say it is, and waged
wantonly, sinfully, by the President, from mere
personal vanity, or a petty ambition, for the sake
of letting the world know who James K. Polk is
—if, for an end like this, all the seas of blood and
millions upon millions of its treasure, lavished all
in violation of the Constitution—if you make good
this charge, then has the President of the United
States been guilty, not of moral merely, but of ac-
tual treason, and that of the deepest dye; not
through ignorance, but with malice aforethought.
If all this be true, then has he damned himself, in-
deed , to a depth of infamy where the hand of resur-
rection* can never reach him.
If you can persuade the widows and orphans of
the murdered Cross, the gallant Watson, the chtv*
alric Ridgely, and all the friends and relatives of
the noble Ringgold, and the other gallant spirits
whose lives have been given as a bloody sacrifice
to their country's honor, that all this was done to
glorify this Administration and prove who James
K. Polk is, then, sir, is your Chief Magistrate
guilty of" conduct so basely mean in a public character,
' that it, is without precedent or pretence; an incendiary
i war upon society that nothing can excuse or palliate,
i emanating front a refinement of beggarly villany,
' made up between, the venomous malignity of a serpent
5 and the spiteful imbecility of an inferior reptile /"
If you fail in establishing the truth of these char-
ges, the impartial judgment of all good men will
fix upon your conduct the anathemas which you
hurl against your Chief Magistrate. You have
staked reputation, and everything that honorable
men hold dear, upon the result, and you must look
well to it. The supporters and defenders of this war
will hold you to this issue: "But in these cases we
still have judgment here; that we but teach bloody
instructions, which, being taught, return to plague
the inventor." Let gentlemen beware; for, be as-
sured, "This even-handed justice commends the
ingredients of our poisoned chalice to our own
lips."
And now, as a mere party man? let me say to
the gentlemen on the opposite side of the House,
that if you will but continue these denunciations of
the war in the key in which you have begun, and
you can induce a few more of your friends to take
positions exactly similar, you will confer a greater
benefit on the Administration and its friends than
by anything else which you could do. But, as an
American, in all sincerity let me beg you for once
to forget all party distinctions; at least to "assume
a virtue if you have it not," and stand by your
country, right or wrong. [A voice; "What! must
we play the hypocrite?"]
I will leave the decision of this question to the
American people. Is your President guilty of the
crime of waging an unjust, an unholy, and a war
of aggression ? Is he guilty of treason in endeavor-
ing to subvert the liberties of your country? In a
word, is his position so bad that he has been com-
pelled to resort to falsehood and misrepresentation
m a solemn public message? Never—never I
If our friends over the way desire a war whose
material shall be taken out of the party vocabulary,
select the best subject you think proper. We will
give you'a fair field on the sub-treasury, the tariff,
the tax on tea and coffee, Oregon on the parallel
of 49, and, if it be not almost oraltogether obsolete,
a National Bank. We will give you a friendly
passage at arms; but, in the name of the country
and common sense, leave off all this mere party
strife. Do not make us an object of contempt to
all nations. In the commencement and conduct of
this war, even England, our quondam mother, and
now our rival, has not found one scintilla of blame
to cast upon us. No, nor even the party press
itself, until it had its cue from Washington. .In
the name of our common country, I implore you,
desist. I desire to witness no party triumph at
the expense of that country. Let me raise my
voice in deprecation—ay, even in supplication—
that gentlemen may desist. "We began the war in
all unanimity: would it not now be disgraceful,
without one check, one reverse, to fall out with
one another about its prosecution ?
But the gentlemen opposite say they will vote
the necessary supplies, though they disapprove
the war. Yes; but do you expect to shelter your-
selves from the public censure by such a course?
You cannot deceive the people by such specialities
as these. Better would it have been to have voted
with the twelve against the war. You cannot make
the people believe, from a timid vote of supplies,
that the denouncers of the war are not the comfort-
ers of Mexico.
In conclusion, let me once more express the
hope that this debate will not continue. For the
integrity of the country, I hope it may cease. As
a partisan I should desire its prolongation, for 1
have an abiding conviction that gentlemen who
indulge in language such as has been used in this
debate must follow a losing game, and be forever
consigned to the deep oblivion which mantles all
who dare to denounce their own Government
when engaged in a just and necessary war.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. A. HARPER,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
February 13, 1847.
The Bill appropriating Three Millions of Dollars
to enable the President to enter into negotiations
for the restoration of peace with Mexico, being
under considerationinComrnitteeofthe Whole—
Mr. HARPER said:
Mr. Chairman: As one of the Representatives
of the State of Ohio, I will avail myself of the op-
portunity to express my opinion, with entire free-
dom, of the causes which led to the introduction
of the bill on your table.
Although Ohio is one of the younger sisters of
the Confederacy, yet her position, her 'enterprise,
her numbers, her unexampled prosperity, entitle
her interests and her opinions to some considera-
tion in this House. Since she became a State,
short as that period is, the country has been in-
volved in one war with the most powerful nation
on earth. That war was constitutionally declared,
and fairly and constitutionally brought to a close.
