1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Harper.
Ho. of Reps.
Sir, the people of my State bore no undistinguished
part in that conflict, youngas she was, and limited as
her resources in men and money were. She cheer-
fully performed her whole duty. That was a war
commenced for causes with which the American
people were perfectly acquainted, and which, in the
opinion of the Congress of that day, were deemed
to be ample. Those causes were promulgated to
the world, and understood by all. It was a war
commenced in accordance with the-Constitution of
the United States, and with all the deliberation
and solemnity befitting a question so momentous.
Sir, mark the contrast: the country is now engaged
in a war with a neighboring republic—a war of
invasion; and neither you nor I can explain to our
constituents the reasons why hostilities exist be-
tween the two countries; nor do the friends of the
Administration agree as to what were the true
reasons why this country is now at war with Mex-
ico: some contending that it was brought about to
avenge the wrongs inflicted upon the people of the
United States for a series of years; others, that it
resulted necessarily from the annexation of Texas,
and others, from the marching of our troops under
General Taylor from the Nueces to the Rio del
Norte opposite the city of Matamoros. Whatever
the causes may have been that produced the de-
plorable condition in which the country is now
placed, one thing is certain: we are now involved
in a war, waged by the President m direct and
palpable violation of the Constitution of the United
States. That Constitution declares that "Con-
gress shall have power to declare war, grant letters
of marque and reprisal, and make rules concerning
captures on land or water." The wise and patri-
otic men who framed that instrument never intend-
ed that the President of the United States, although
constituted, in virtue of his office, commander-in-
ehief of the army and navy, should possess the high
and tremendous power of making war. They had
too many examples of kingly power before them,
and some of them of recent date, to confer such a
prerogative on the Executive of this country; and
his power, so far as its exercise is concerned, in
the question o( peace or war, is expressly confined
to repelling invasion.
But, sir, what renders the conduct of the Presi-
dent more reprehensible, and should call down on
him the malediction of every friend of the Consti-
tution, of the peace and happiness of the country,
is, that he seeks to shield himself under the pre-
text that the United States was invaded by Mexi-
co, and that "American blood was shed on Amer-
ican soil." This I deny, and will, in due time,
undertake to prove that it is untrue, and is only a
part and parcel of the many false pretences which
have been lesorted to, in order to divert the attention
■of the people from the true motive; which I say
was the acquisition of territory, and which I will
also undertake to prove. If, however, Mr. Chair-
man, it was true that the territory of the United
States was invaded, and "American blood shed on
American soil," I beg to be informed by the friends
of the President here—I ask the honorable gentle-
man from Florida, [Mr. Brockenbrough,] who
took his seat a few minutes since, and who told us
that he would utideitake to prove that the bound-
ary of Texas, not only at the time of the conflict
of General Taylor with the Mexican forces on
the Rio Grande, but always had been, and then
was, the Rio Grande,—why the Congress of the
United States, then in session, was not informed
of the attack on our troops by the Mexican forces,
and such other causes of complaint against Mexi-
co as, in his opinion, called for a declaration of
war against her? Why, sir, but one reason can be
given,°and that is, that he knew, notwithstanding
the party subserviency of his friends, and their
overwhelming majority in both Houses of Con-
gress, a majority in neither House could be ob-
tained in favor of making war on Mexico, and his
plans for the acquisition of territory by means of
this war would have been frustrated.
Now, sir, let us inquire for a moment what the
measures were that produced the war m which we
are now engaged. And first, the removal and con-
centration of our army at Corpus Christi in the
month of August, 1845: and I beg to call attention
to the orders given to General Taylor on that occa-
sion. (I will not read them; they are familiar to
all.) By those orders, it will be seen, that notwith-
standing the care that had been taken to conceal it,
it was expected, if not hoped, they would result in
collision with the Mexican forces,and thus produce
the desired result. And now let me refer to what
was stated by an honorable Senator in his place the
other day, (I quote from memory,) that the Mexi-
can general Arista had addressed a letter to Gen-
eral Taylor at Corpus Christi, proposing that the
military forces of both countries should remain in
the position they then occupied, so as to prevent a
collision, but that each might detach such force as
might be necessary to protect it from the depreda-
tions of the Indians; and that this letter was on
the files of the State Department. This letter, sir,
has never been communicated to Congress; it has
been withheld, I presume, under that -very con-
venient pretence, that its publication would be in-
jurious to the public interest. This letter, together
with the inference.fairly deducible from the in-
structions to General Taylor, show that it was de-
sired that he should be attacked by the Mexicans,
so as to furnish the Administration with a plausible
ground for invading Mexico. But General Taylor,
knowing that, if war ensued in consequence of any
act of his, he would be held responsible, and not
the Administration, he chose not to avail himself
of the large discretion conferred on him, and re-
mained on the Nueces until he had received the
order of the 33 th January, 1836, directing him to ad-
vance to the Rio Grande. Our army, which, when
it occupied a position on the Nueces, was called the
army of observation, became, as it was said, the
army of occupation; and since the 8th and 9th of
May last, the days on which General Taylor
achieved the brilliant victories of Palo Alto and
Resaca de la Palma, it may, I think, with great
propriety, Bfe called the army of invasion. Inva-
sion was intended by the Administration from the
time the army was ordered to Corpus Christi, and
the object was the acquisition of foreign territory:
no fears of the invasion of Texas by Mexico, as is
pretended, no purpose of protecting our citizens
residing between the Nueces and the Rio Grande;
for there were none to protect. The inhabitants
were Mexicans, living peaceably in their villages
and on their turns, and on the approach of our
army abandoned their homes, and fled in dismay
and consternation before it. ,
Sir, the question properly arises here, is the
country between the Nueces and the Rio Grande
a part of Texas, or of Mexico? or, is the bound-
ary controverted—was it a question unsettled—
and was it in the possession of Mexico when our
army marched to the Rio Grande? I will not
elaborate these questions with the learned gentle-
man from Florida in regard to the former bound-
ary of Texas, and prior to the declaration of lier
independence, but will refer him to the speech of
the honorable gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Sev-
erance,] delivered a few days since; and if he will
successfully controvert the positions there taken,
sustained as they are by references to Such high
and numerous authorities, he will have achieved
a victory in the pursuit of truth, that has seldom
! fallen to the lot of any man. But why-refer to
the boundary of Texas prior to ihe purchase ot
Louisiana? If it was a part of the country ceded
by France to Spain, and France ceded it to the
United States, as Spain had received it from her,
no limit was defined, and so far as our rights are
i; concerned, growing out of the purchase of Louisi-
ana, the whole question has been settled, first, by
the act of Congress of the 26th February, 1811,
authorizing the inhabitants of the territory of Or-
leans to form a State constitution, and making the
| Sabine the western boundary of said State; and
' afterwaids, by the Florida tieaty. Itisnot, there-
ji fore, an open question so far as our original claim
j! is concerned; and moreover, Mexico has had un-
! questionable possession of the country east of the
|j Rio Grande to the Nueces, until it was wrested
!i from her by our army on the 8th and 9th of May
last.
Permit me now to call your attention to this
question of boundary, as effected by the Texan
j1 revolution and the establishment of an independent
11 government by her. How far does this atfect the
i| question of boundary? Does success in a icvolu-
!'' tion give the successful party the power to fix the
i! boundary as it may think proper and convenient?
i I do not so understand international law on this
! [ subject. The territory acquired by a successful
il revolution from the mother country, as by con-
quest by a foreigh enemy, is just so much as th®
one or the other is able to hold by force of arms,
and no more. It is idle, nay, ridiculous, to pre-
tend that any boundary beyond this extends the
territorial rights of the successful belligerant party.
Were it otherwise, the wise and gallant men that
achieved our independence failed, most signally
failed, in their duty, when" establishing the limits
of the country acquired by the success of our arms
in the revolutionary struggle, that they did not
embrace within our limits Canada and the whole
British possessions in North America. What is
thus acquired by conquest may be held by the
conqueror so long as he is able to do it; but it is
only by treaty that a permanent boundary can be
established. "Towns, provinces,&c., (says Vat-
' tel, page 386,) become the property of the enemy
1 who makes Ifimself master of them; but it is only
' by the treaty of peace, or the entire submission
' and extinction of the State to which these towns
' and provinces belong, that the acquisition is com-
1 pleted and the property becomes stable and per-
' feet." This doctrine, I am aware, does not meet
the approbation of the member from Philadelphia,
[Mr. C. J. Ingersoll;] he has been too long a
Democrat of the progressive school to be influ-
enced in his course by any limitations of this sort;
besides, Vattel, he said, the other day, was but the
resident of a small town in Switzerland, and bis
views and opinions were entitled to little weigljt at
this day. It may be ignorance or temerity in me,
Mr. Chairman, but I confess I am compelled to
prefer the opinions of Vattel in preference to those
of the gentleman; Democrat, Philadelphia lawyer,
and historian, though he be.
Mr. Chairman, the President says in his mes-
sage that, by the Florida treaty act, the country
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande was ce-
ded to Spain, and that " the republic of Texas al-
' ways claimed this river as her western boundary;
' and in the treaty made with Santa Ana in May,
' 1836, he recognised it as such; by the constitu-
' tion which Texas adopted in March, 1836, sena-
' torial and representative districts were organized,
' extending west of tlie Nueces;" and that the Con-
gress of Texas passedanactdefining the boundary
of Texas, by which the Rio Grande, from its
mouth to its source, was declared to be the bound-
ary. Now, I deny that Santa Ana ever formed
any treaty with Texas. What he did do was, to
agree, when a prisoner of war. thatthe Rio Grande
should be the boundary, subject, however, to the
ratification, by the proper authorities, of Mexico
and Texas: and this never was obtained. But if
the Rio Grande, from its source to its mouth, was
the boundary of Texas, how do gentlemen recon-
cile the conduct of the President in sending our
army into this territory, which he says belongs
to the State of Texas, and establishing in the con-
quered country civil government? If the laws of
Texas had, for nine years or more, as he says,
extended "her civil and political jurisdiction"
over the country up to that boundary, where was
the necessity of sending our army there to con-
quer it, and with orders, too, from the President,
who makes the assertions referred to, to establish
ci\ii and political institutions there? His conduct
j in this matter is strangely at variance with his
statements; and I leave his friends to reconcile
! them, if they can: I cannot, and I will not trust
1 myself to characterize it as it deserves. Why,
sir, there never was a Texan who entered the ter-
j ntory alluded to, who had the good fortune to re-
\ turn, who went there for a hostile purpose, or to
j exercise civil or political power. But I shall not
content myself with opposing the President to
I himself on this question, but will avail myself of
i the aid of one of his most enlightened political and
j particular friends on this subject: I refer to the
; Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] When
the treaty for the annexation of Tex<*s to the Uni-
ted States was under consideration in the Senate,
that distinguished Senator offered the following res-
olution:
! "Resolved. That the incorporation of the left bank of the
I Rio del Norte into the Amelican Union, by virtue of .1 treaty
! w ith Texas, comprehending, as the .-.aid incorporation would
. (ill, a part ofthe Mexican departments of New Mexico, Clii-
'i lluahua, Coahuila. and Tamaulipas, i/m<H be an net of direct
agression on Mexico, for all the consequences of which the
! I United States would stand responsible. 
|j And at the next session of the same Congress,
i! when the resolutions for the annexation of Texas
