1847.]
29tii Cong 2r> Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE GONG RESSfOIX A L GLOBE.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Breese.
20$
with that nation: their motto is, "Our country
' first, and our country last." They did not yielp
the right to examine, scrutinize, arjd denounce, if
proper, the acts of those who brought about the
war, and of holding their conduct up to public
animadversion-ay, and public reprobation too.
They do not adopt the d<x5trine^of passive obe-
dience, which I regret to say is claimed nowhere
at this day except in this country, and that here it
is practised by the friends of the party in power
. to an extent never exceeded by the subjects of the
monarchs of England during the period of the ex-
ercise of the most arbitrary power in that country.
You will not find among the friends of the Admin-
istration a single "village Hampden," who will
withstand the encroachments of arbitrary power
exercised, as it often is, by the highest and the
lowest; but you will find, that when the-order is
given by those who have the distribution of the
spoils, a struggle for who shall be first, ensues at
once, each eager to declare that " what thou will-
. est, unargued I obey." Sir, the Whig party now,
as ever, hold no such slavish doctrine; they claim
it to be the right and the duty of freemen to ex-
press their opinions upon men and measures; to
guard with vigilance against the encroachments of
men in power. And the history of the country
for the past fifteen years furnishes a lesson, that if
the Executive power is not checked in its course
of encroachments on the Constitution and the
coordinate departments of the Government, and
especially on that of Congress, we may have a
written Constitution, but it is a dead letter; the
forms of a free Government may remain, but the
people are slaves; your Executive may still be
called President, but he will be a despot. Sir, the
attempt of the President to fasten upon those who
differ from him in regard to the existing state of
the affairs of the country, the charge of disloyalty
to their country, and with " giving aid and com-
fort to the enemy," is full of admonition: it is a
long stride on the road to tyranny.
It is evident the President does not consider
himself amenable to what he calls treason in the
people, or he surely would not have made an
arrangement with Santa Ana, by which he was
enabled to quit the place of his exile, and pass
through our blockading squadron into Vera Cruz,
and bring with him a retinue of officers. He could
not have thought it was any offence in him to do
what, if done by a citizen, would have been an
overt act of treason. Now, sir, I demand to know
where he finds the exemption. There is none.
By this act, he has given to Mexico a commander-
in-chief for her army, possessing high military
talents and commanding influence with the people,
and has united the whole people of Mexico in
favor of the war. He has given more "aid and
'comfort" to the enemy than all the Whigs could
have done, by their efforts to convince the people
til at war was unnecessary, and had been com-
menced by the President, in direct violation of the
Constitution. But I leave the disgusting subject,
barely remarking, that the Executive admits he has
done all that has been charged upon him, and,
with the most child-like simplicity, excuses him-
self by saying, "that no vigilance that could be
' exacted by our squadron would in all probability
' have prevented him from a landing somewhere
' on the extensive gulf-coast of Mexico, if he de-
' sired to return to his country." But I am done
with this subject, and hand him over to the tender
mercies of my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. G.
Davis,] and my friend from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,]
and to others who have done him full and ample
justice, and lr a manner to which I make no pre-
tension.
Mr. Chairman, permit me to examine for a short j
time the necessity that exists, and the purposes to i
which the three millions called for by the bill un- j
der consideration may be applied. If we accede to I
the demand for an additional number of men to 1
increase our army made by the President in his
message delivered to us this day, he will have at
Ins disposal -not less than seventy-five thousand
men. With this force, one would think a peace
might be conquered. All the funds required for
the public service have been granted; and I am
anxious to know how many millions of money the
present war may cost the country, and how it is to
be repaid. If it be true that Mexico is expected,
in addition to our other claims, to pay the expense
of the war also, would it not be well to bring jt to a
close as soon as possible? for the longer it is contin-
ued the greater will be our claims upon her. Have
we not, then, an amount against her sufficiently
great to purchase all the territory that we desire?
It cannot be, therefore, that this three millions is
wanted to aid in purchasing territory, but for some
other purpose. That purpose I believe to be, to
dispose the Mexican Congress to peace by dis-
tributing money to the officers, both civil and mili-
tary; possibly to enable the President to comply
with an engagement he may have made with Santa
Ana before he left Havana. AVhether for one or
the other of these purposes, or for the purpose of
being expended in the purchase of part of Mexico,
1 will not vote for it, I will not have any agency
in corrupting the army or the people of Mexico, or
in trying to corrupt them. Sir, place this sum in
the hands of the President under the provisions of
thi1? bill, and it is so much secret-service money.
This money may be paid on the ratification of a
treaty by Mexico, and before it is ratified by this
country.
Sir, I have no doubt that if wise and prudent
measures shall prevail, and folly does not rule the
hour, peace, honorable peace, may be established
in a short time. If, however, nothing short of this
sum will enable us to end the war in which the
country is so unwisely involved, (and it is an
amount as great or greater than the claims of the
citizens of this country on Mexico,) why not con-
clude a treaty of peace first, and then pay the mo-
ney? I am in favor of specific approprialions, and
Mexico can wait until the treaty is ratified by both
Governments. I am opposed to it, because it will
increase the public debt, now so large that we are
called on by the Administration to impose a duty of
twenty per cent, on tea and coffee to raise funds for
this war. For this tax I will not vote. It is taxing
the necessaries of life, and taxing the poor man as
much as the rich, for the one consumes as much
of these articles as the other. Nor is this all: in the
end you will have to resort to direct taxation.
Mr. Chairman, I desire above all things and I
believe it is the desire of the whole people, to see
this war brought to a close. No terms that may be
or can be offered for that purpose, can disgrace
this country. We are powerful in numbers and in
wealth; Mexico is weak, poor, and distracted:
any terms, therefore, that can be agreed on, cannot
be dishonorable to us. If territory is to be ac-
quired, the less we get, in my opinion, the better.
If you acquire the country now in possession of
our army, how is it to be governed, when annexed?
You will have to enforce your laws by the sword.
A conquered people, of a different race, and differ-
ent religion, cannot be kept m subjection in any
other way. That never-dying hatred, which, above
all people on earth, the Spaniards feel towards their
invaders, will produce resistance, and this will be
transmitted from father to son; nor will it here-
moved in a century.
But, sir, the most fearful aspect of the case is
not the lives that have and must be lost, nor the
millions that will be expended in securing and an-
nexing the country now held and conquered by
our army and navy, it is the annexation of that
country to this. When that is done, and the ques-
tion of making the territory thus acquired, or any
part of it, slave States, then will arise a conflict
that may, and probably will, rend this Confedera-
cy asunder. The wrath of Achilles never inflicted
oil ancient Greece more " unnumbered woes" than
may be inflicted upon this happy country by the
agitation of the question to which I have alluded.
1 was early taught to believe that the union of
these States was destined to last through all time.
But I am forced to declare, that I now hold the
opinion, that if the course of Executive usurpation
does not receive a timely and essential cheek if
the Government goes on in prosecuting wars of
conquest, and annexing foreign States to this Con-
federacy, .under whatever pretence, either to en-
large the area of freedom or slavery, that the time
will, nay, must come, and you and I, Mr. Chair-
man, may live to see it, when our glorious fabric
of government, erected with so much care, and at
so great an expense of blood and treasure, will
fall, the hopes of the good and wise everywhere be
extinguished forever, the liberties of the people
destroyed, and the sun of our prosperity and glory
set in blood.
Senate.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH Or MR. BREESE,
OF ILLINOIS, ;
In the Senate, February 23, 1847.
T ™ makin£ ,a special appropriation of Three
Millions to bring the war with Mexico' tot a
speedy and honorable conclusion, being- under"
consideration—
Mr. BREESE rose and addressed the Senate as
follows:
r PRKSmENT: The session being nearits close'
I fear I shall not have a more favorable opportunity
than the remnant of this day affords, to present the
Views I entertain on some of the important and ex-
citing questions to which the discussion of the bill
before us has given birth. I am not content, on
such an occasion, and in view of the course this
debate has taken, to rest myself upon a silent vote;
but desire to give my reasons for it, which I will
do as briefly as I may. I desire it, Mr. President,
for the reason, among others, that the patriotic
State I represent here, has, through the General
Assembly now m session, looked to this subject of
the war, which is made the most prominent figure
in the debate, and has expressed its unanimous
sense of our duty in the crisis, in the form of a
preamble and resolution which I presented to the
Senate, and now desire the Secretary to read. They
were read as follows:
"Whereas the Government of the United States are en-
gaged m war, and it being desirable that the same should be'
prosecuted with vigor and energy on the part of this Gov-
ernment, and terminated as speedily a? possible by taking-
the capital of Mexico, if necessary to its honorable termina-
tion ; Therefore,
u resolved by the House of Representatives of the Stale
oj luinots, the. Senate concurring herein, Tlmt our Senators
in Congiess be instructed, and our Members requeued, to
vote for anv proposition, constitutional and practicable, for
raising men and money to carry on the w«u ; and that they
aid bv every means in their power any measure or proposi-
tion that, in theiropinion, will nerve the arm of Government
to increased vigor in the prosecution of the same.5'
Mr. B. resumed. The General Assembly, Mr.
President, which adopted this resolution, has m it
a very respectable number of the party in opposition
to the present Administration; yet, sir, it passed
unanimously, and it reflects the views and feelings
of the whole State; for there, sir, this war is no-
party question—all are united as one man in the-
desire to see it prosecuted with vigor, and brought
to an honorable conclusion. The resolution is to
the point—no^ subject introduced calculated to irri-
tate arid to distract our councils; and in this, sir
the General Assembly has acted nobly and wisely,'
and has furnished a proud example, well worthy
of imitation by those of the older Stat*. Illinois
looks only to the crisis, and would scorn, as she
should do, the introduction of any topic, intended,
however disguised, to paralyze the power of the
Government and the energies of the people, in the
prosecution of a just war, and waged for good
cause. Sir, the State which sent this resolution
here has no distrust of her Senators—she did not
doubt that they would vote for all proper meas-
ures to carry on the war, but has seized the occa-
sion to stimulate the lagging spint of her sisters,
some of whom have, by their resolves, denounced
the war as unjust, and as the act of the Executive,
and shown an unbecoming tardiness, to say the
least, in responding to the call made upon them for
men. When the first trump of war was sounded,
Illinois offered eight thousand of her choicest sons
for the encounter, of whom near four thousand
were accepted—four regiments—a larger number
than any other State in'the Union has'had in the
field, with an alacrity unexampled, repaired, on
the first summons, to meet death in every shape;
and have proved themselves, by the sufferings they
have, endured by disease, and by performing the
most wonderful marches in modern times, advan-
cing forty miles in a day, bivouacking at night
with half rations, and showing, by their discipline
and prompt obedience to orders, that they can be
relied upon in any, and every emergency, and
though it has been denied them to participate in
the perils of the battle-field, they have given the
strongest assurances, that in it, they would not fail
to reap a full harvest of glory.
Sir, I am proud to respond to this'resolution in
the most cordial manner. It reflects the true-feci-
