1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three, Million Bill—Mr. Breese.
Senate.
son, wiUi the view that he may submit it to his Government,
that the Mexican Government will consider equivalent to a
declaration of war against the Mexican republic, the passage
of ail act for the incorporation of Texas with the territory
of the United States—the certainty of the fact being suffi-
cient for the immediate proclamation of war, leaving to the
civilized world to determine with regard to the justice of
the cau&e of the Mexican nation in a struggle which it has
been so far from provoking."
Again he says.
"His excellency the Provisional President, resting on this
deep conviction, is obliged to prevent an aggression, un-
precedented in the annals of the world, from being consum-
mated ; and if it be indispensable for the Mexican nation to
seek security for its rights at the expense of the disasters of
war, it will call upon God, and rely on its own efforts tor
the (leftnee of us just cause."
Here we see, sir, the solemn declaration of
Mexico, that the certainty of the fact of annexa-
tion will be sufficient for the immediate proclama-
tion of war, and that it will be considered equiv-v
alent to a declaration of war by the United States
against the Mexican republic, and she will seek
security for its rights at the expense of the disas-
ters of war.
After a tart reply from our Minister, Mr. Boca-
negra in his letter of September, 1843, says:
" How can it be considered strange and out of the wav
that Mexico, under such a supposition, should announce
that she will regard the annexation of Texas as an act of
declaration of war? Mexico, therefore, does not threaten,
and still less does she provoke and excite; what she savs is
that which cannot be denied to her—that she will regard
the annexation of Texas to the United States as a hostile
act, inasmuch as this act involves a violation of the law of
nations, and particul itly of international law, by its infrac-
tion of the first article of the treaty of April 5,1831, publish-
ed in Mexico in 1832."
Here is a repetition by Mexico of the sentiment
she entertained of annexation. She would regard
it as a hostile act, involving not only a violation of
the law of nations, but of the treaty of April 5,
1831. So, too, does Mr. Almonte, their Minister
here, speak in his letter to our Secretary of State,
of Novembei 3d, of the same year. This is his
language, and stitl stronger than that of Mr.
Bocanegra: " Such a measure, if carried into effect,
s cannot be considered by Mexico in any other
< aspect than as a direct aggression;" and, in con-
clusion, says:
" But if, contrary to the hopes and wishes entertained by
the Government of the undersigned for the preseivation of
the good understanding and harmony which should mjjn
between two neighboring and friendly republics, the United
States should, m defiance of good faith, and of the pi inciples
of justice which they have constantly proclaimed, commit
the unheard-of act of violence (maudito atentado—the ex-
piession is much stronger than the tianslation) of appro-
priating to themselves an integrant part of the Mexican ter-
ritory, the undesigned, in the name oj his nation, and now
for them, protests, in the most solemn manner, against such
an aggression ; arid lie moreover declares, by express order
of his Government, that, on sanction being given by the
Executive of the Union to the incorporation of Texas into
the United States, he will consider his mission ended, see-
ing that, as" the Secretary of State will have learned, the Mexi-
can Gdvernmenl is resolved to declare war, so soon as it
receives information of such an act.J'
This, sir, is a very solemn and emphatic decla-
ration. If sanction is given by our Executive to
the incorporation of Texas into the United States,
he will consider his mission ended, seeing that, as
the Secretary of State will have learned, the Mex-
ican Government is resolved to declare war so
soo>j as it receives information of such an act!
In another despatch to our Secretary of State, of
the date of the 11th of November, 1843, he repeats
that this declaration is made by express order of his
Government. Here is his language in rejoinder
to our Secretary of State:
"His desires have tended solely to the maintenance of
the peace and harmony winch ought to subsist between two
neighboring and friendly nations, and though the undesign-
ed has declared by express order of his Government, that war
will be the inevitable consequence of the annexation of Texas
to the United States, he certainly has not done so with the
object of intimidating the Governmentof the honorable Sec-
retary of State, but with the view of showing )ioa> far Mex-
ico wnuld carry her r distance to an annexation of that na-
ture. And, in truth, the honoiable Secretary of State should
not regard this as any other than a very natural feeling; as
itis most clcai, that if Mexico or any other Power should
attempt to appropriate to herself a poition ot the tenitoiy of
the United States, the latter would not consent to it without
hist appealing to arms, whatsoever might be the result to
which the fortune of war might subject them."
In this letter he says that war will be the inevi-
table consequence of annexation, and repeats the
often-repeated declaration that Texas, recognised
as an independent nation by us, and by other great
Powers of the world, is a portion of the territory
of Mexico!
These letters clearly indicate the views of Mexi-
co, and her determination, upon the consummation
of the negotiation then pending for the annexation
of Texas. The treaty, sir, which was the result of
that negotiation, was concluded here on the 12th
of April, 1844, and sent to this Chamber for ratifi-
cation. We ail know its fate. It was rejected in
June. This, sir, was an exciting period in our
history. In the month of May preceding, accord-
ing to established usage, a convention of delegates
from all the States of the Union, save one, had as-
sembled in a neighboring city to present their can-
didates for the Presidency and Vice Presidency.
The annexation of Texas had become a topic of
popular remark, and attracted much of the public
attention, to such a degree as to engage the deliber-
ations of that convention; and conspicuous among
the resolutions adopted by it and published to the
world, was one presented by a distinguished dele-
gate from the State of New York; and this is it:
"Resolved, That our title to the whole of the Territory of
Oregon is clear and unquestionable ; that no poition of the
same ought to be ceded to England, or any other Power;
and that the leoceupation of Oregon, and the reannexation
of Texas at the earliest practicable period, are great Ameri-
can measure-!, which this convention recommends to the
cordial support of the Democracy of the Union."
With full knowledge of the declarations of Mex-
ico, that she would declare war m the event of an-
nexation, the American people expressed then-
opinions upon the question, by the election of those
candidates who were publicly known to be favor-
able to the measure—fifieen States giving them
their suffrage, against eleven States voting for can-
didates understood to be opposed to it. No one,
I think, Mr. President, will deny that the question
of annexation and " the whole of Oregon," were
the principal turning points of the election of 1844;
that if these issues had not been presented to
the country, the successful party would have been
in the other predicament. The people, then, de-
cided for annexation at the hazard of war. They
believed the measure of sufficient importance to our
peace, and safety, and prosperity, to justify the risk.
Before, however, the successful candidates were
inaugurated, the Congress of the United States, by
a majority of thirty in the popular branch, and of
two in this body, adopted a joint resolution, moved
by a member in the Opposition from the State of
Tennessee, providing for the annexation, on cer-
tain terms, to be submitted to the authorities of
Texas, which resolution was approved by the then
President on the first of March, 1845. In this mat-
ter the present Executive took no part. He was
not then in ppwer, and had 110 other agency in
bringing it about than that of his position as the
candidate of the party favorable to the measure. I
acted an humble part, sir, both in advocating the
treaty, and voting for the joint resolution, and I
did it conscientiously. I did it under the clearest
conviction that Texas was an independent Stale,
and jiad a perfect right to merge her sovereignty in
ours, if it was her will and pleasure so to do; and
the reasons for this belief I gave at large to the
Sefete. I have considered them since, sir, and
find nothing in them to abate or recall.
Soon after this act was accomplished, and the
present Executive installed, the Mexican Minister,
Mr. Almonte, addressed, on the 6th of March, a
letter to our Secretary of State, the honorable Sen-
ator of South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] then filling
the office, protesting against the act, and declaring,
in the name of his Government, " that the said
' law can in nowise invalidate the rights on which
' Mexico relies to recover the above-mentioned
' province of Texas, of which she now sees her-
' self unjustly despoiled; and that she will mam-
' tain and uphold those rights at all times, by every
' means which may be in her power;" and con-
cludes by demanding his passports, which were
furnished him.
Here it will be seen, sir, that Mexico did not con-
sider her rights in anywise invalidated by the act of
annexation, to recover the province of Texas, ex-
pressing at the same time adetermination to uphold
and maintain them by every means in her power.
What were these means but war, as denounced in
1843, and what the object, other than the recovery
of the whole of Texas to the Sabine? Laboring
under the delusion which nothing could dispel, that
Texas rightfully belonged to her, Mexico has had
no other object, has avowed none other, than its
recovery by war; and I am correct, therefore, in
saying that she has never made the movement of
our troops to the Rio Grande a pretext for the
war. If Texas belonged to Mexico, it was an in-
vasion of her territory to pass our army beyond
the Sabine, and no one has pretended that. - She
is contending for the whole of Texas, and in so
doing puts it in our power to go with our forces
into any part of the declared limits of Texas we
But, say Senators, Texas never extended to the
Rio Grande; that its boundaries west are undefined
farther than the Nueces; and the Senator of Rhode
Island -[Mr. Simmons] lays stress upon that ex-
pression in the President's message of December,
1845, which speaks of the Nueces as "the west-
ern frontier of Texas," and to which he had or-
dered the army in the preceding July. But, sir,
is there not a vast difference between a frontier
and a boundary line? If the President had or-
dered the troops to the Nueces as our boundary
west, then he would have been inexcusable for the
after order—he would have been committed to that
limit. He has not so committed himself. A "fron-
tier" is very indefinite; it may be, and often is,
hundreds of miles from a boundary.
But, Mr. President, I propose to show that the
Rio Grande always was considered the boundary
of the old Spanish province of Texas by Spain
herself; and for this purpose I will read to the
Senate an extract from the letter of the Prime
Minister of Spain,(Don Pedro Cevallos, to Messrs.
Monroe and PincJtney, dated the 13th of April,
1805, when they were contending, under the in-
structions of Mr. Jefferson, for that same river as
the western boundary of Louisiana, which we had
purchased of France in 1803, under the protest of
Spain. Here-it is:
"The province of Texas, or New Philippines, has its
boundaries about the middle of the Gulf of Mexico to Pon-
ecnes, the Rio Grande, and to tho east, Louisiana."—{Vol. 2,
American State iVj/ers, title Foreign Rclatiom, page 6(51.)
Here, sir, is Spanish authority, of the highest
kind, as to the limits of Texas on the west; and as
Mexico pretends to have succeeded to all the
rights of Spain by the successful issue of her re-
volution, she is controlled as to its limits by the
declaration of Spain. But the Senator of Maine
[Mr. Evans] says, that admitting it to have been
the boundary of Spanish Texas, Mexico had the
right when she owned it, to change the boundary,
which she did do by extending the States of Tarri-
aulipas and Coahuila across the Rio Grande to the
Nueces river. But sir, the Senator must recollect
that by the acknowledgment of Spain of the indepen-
dence of Mexico, the latter power gained no right
to Texas whatever; for Texas had declared her
independence of Mexico in March, 1836, and Spain
did not acknowledge the independence of Mexico
until December of that year, and then only to the
extent of country in her possession at that time.
Texas was not then in her possession or power
—it was then independent of Mexico; and in the
same month she declared her boundary west to be
the Rio Grande. In the following year we recog-
nised her by a solemn public act as an independent
State, with that boundaiy, and so did the other
leading Powers of the world who make the law of
the world, and so we are bound to consider it.
Do not understand me, Mr. President, as saying
that the Spanish province of Texas claimed the' Rio
Grande as its western boundary, to the extent as-
serted by t.he republic of Texas. I know better:
it was the lower Del Norte, up as high perhaps as
the 30th parallel of latitude; thence by the San
Saba Mountains to Red River, and down it to that
undefined line which Mr. Jefferson said, m his
confidential message to the Senate of the 9th De-
cember, 1805, from which the Senator of North
Carolina [Mr. Badgeh] read, " was one which '
would have left us but a string of land on that (the
west) bank of the river Mississippi." The same
honorable Senator also invoked the authority of
the distinguished Senator of Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
ton,] on the point that Texas did not extend to the
Rio Grande; but, sir, that invocation was vain, for,
if I have read that Senator correctly, be said, in his
speech on the Texas treaty, that he drew " a broad
' line of distinction between the province of Texas
' and the republic of Texas. The province laid be-
' tween the Sabine and the lower Rio del Norte,
' and between the Gulf of Mexico and the Red
'river. It was wholly a southern province." He,
