'f08
APPENDIX m TffE GSNM£SSI0NAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 23,
29th Gong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Breese.
Senate.
sip,'Only disclaimed the title of Texas to the north-
ern. part, including Taos, Santa Fe, Albuquerque,
and other Mfesrican tillages.
In 1819, sir, when that Senator published those
able essays, over the signature of "Amencanus,"
against the cession of Texas by t-he Florida treaty
of that year, he used this language: " Before the
■' establishment of this* boundary, (that is,- the Sa-
' bine,) all the country to the west of the lower
' Mississippi, quite to the Rio del Norte, was ours;"
and these opinions accord fully with that of Mr.
Cevallos, that the Rio Grande was to some extent
the western boundary of the old Spanish province
of Texas, or if not, certainly with the opinion of
Mr. Jefferson, that it was the western boundary ot
Louisiana, and with that of all our distinguished
functional ies who have wiitten upon the subject.
He said, in his letter to Mr. Burwell, of Septem-
ber, 1806, m commenting upon the strictures of
Declus, who had arraigned his Administration for
the conduct of its minister in Spam, "Whilst nego-
tiating for the western boundary of Louisiana:
" It iy not true that our ministers, in agreeing to establish
the Colorado as our western boundary, had been obliged to
exceed tne autlwuty of tlu-ii instiuctums. Although we
coiisideied our title good as far as the Rio Bravo, yet, in
proportion lo what they conid obtain east Of the Mississippi,
taey wfere to relinquish to the westward, ana successive
sacrifices wv*re marked out, of which even the Colorado
was not the last."
Mr. Laussat, the commissioner of Prance, who
delivered Louisiana to us, admitted that it extend-
ed to the Rio Grande, and as far up as 30° north
latitude, giving us about four degrees upon that
river. It is then clear, Mr. President, that the
Kio Grande was either the boundary of Spanish
Texas, or of Louisiana, and the republic of Texas
had a right so to declare it; and if she could main-
tain it, as she did against all challengers, at least
as high up as Loredo, in 271 degrees north, and
far above the point of invasion by Mexico, it is
rightfully to be considered her boundary, to that
extent certainly.
But the Senator of South Carolina [Mr. Cai.-
hocn] says it was disputed by Mexico, and there-
fore our troops should not have been ordered to it;
that Congress alone had the right to determine
where our boundaries are. It is true, Mr. Presi-
dent, Mexico did, and does now, dispute it, and
disputes also our right to any portion of Texas.
She considers it yet a rebellious province, which
she is determined to recover by all the means in her
power; so that, if we have to regard Mexico in the
matter, we could not enter Texas at all with our
troops, the right to do which the Senator has never
controverted, and does not now.
But the Senator of North Carolina, [Mr. Bad-
ger,] says, that, admitting the title to be in us, it
was still in the possession of Mexico, and the
movement of our troops to it was an act of war;
and as it was done by the Executive, without the
consent of Congress, and war has ensued, the war
, is chargeable to the Executive, and it is therefore
an Executive war: and he contrasts this conduct
with that of Mr. Jefferson, on a similar occasion,
and made known to the country, in the message
to which I have before referred. Now, Mr. Pres-
ident, it seems to me the Senator is mistaken about
the facts. Mexico was not in possession of the
couutry between the Nueces and the Rio Grande,
and never had been. There was a warehouse at
Brazos Santiago, used by the Mexicans, but no
permanent settlements had been made in that part
of Texas by her. But the true test of what is an
actual national possession, is to be found in the
conjoint facts of settlement by the people of the
nation claiming, and the extension of her laws
and jurisdiction over it, neither of which existed
in favor of Mexico. In favor of Texas, we have
the fact, that she had a settlement at Corpus Christi,
erected the district of country adjacent to it into a
county called San Patricio, which sent a member
to its Congress, and covered the whole country up
to the Rto Grande, with her jurisdiction, main-
tained it successfully, and extended her laws over
it, which were obeyed. Here, then, is actual pos-
session, coupled with the title, to all the advan-
tages of which we succeeded by the annexation.
But, w hat was Mr. Jefferson's course on the occa-
sion to which the Senator alludes? A reference to
the documents will show.
The acquisition of Louisiana, Mr. President,
was a masterly stroke.of policy, and. consumma-
ted the high renown of its distinguished author.
It'was done under a protest from Spam, she con-
tending that Prance had .no right to cede it to us,
and was the cause of much irritation. A dispute
as to the boundary of Louisiana, both east and
west of the Mississippi, arose; Spain claiming
Florida on the east, which, she contended, extend-
ed west to the Iberville, and Texas on the west
extending to the Rio Grande, whilst we contended
that the eastern boundary of Louisiana, being the
western of Florida, was the Perdido river, and
the western the Rio Grande. This was the state
of things up to 1805. On the 4th of November,
1803, Mr. Jefferson, in a letter of that date to Mr.
Livingston, then m Paris; who had negotiated the
treaty of the 30th April preceding, speaks of the
conduct of Spain in protesting against the transfer,
and proceeds to say: "And we, four days ago,
' sent off orders to the Governor of Mississippi
' Territory, and General Wilkinson, to'move down
' with the troops at hand to New Orleans, to receive
' the possession from Mr. Laussat. If he is h'eart-
' lly disposed lo carry the order of the Consul into
' execution, he can probably command a volunteer
' force at New Orleans, and will have the aid of
' ours also, if he desires it, to take the possession
' and deliver it to us. If he is not so disposed, ice
'shall take the possession," &c.—(Vol. 4, Me-
moirs, page 8.) Here, sir, we see, in the face of the
claim of Spain, the action of Mr. Jefferson—send-
ing a military force to take possession of disputed
territory, and that, too, without any reference to
Congress! So, in 1805, six days before this con-
fidential message, in his annual message to Con-
gress, Mr. Jefferson refers to the unadjusted bound-
aries between us and Spain—she being in posses-
sion of the Mobile, and subjecting our commerce
through that river to heavy exactions, and he
says:
" Inroads have recently l>cen made into the territories of
Orleans and Mississippi, our citizens have been seized, and
their pioperty plundeied in the very ports of the former,
which had been actually delivered up by Spain, and tins b>
the regular officers and &oldxcrt  of that Government. I have
therefore found it necessary at length to give orders to our
troops on that frontier to be in readiness to protect our citi-
zens, and to repel by arms any similai aggressions in fu-
ture."
In the confidential message of the 9th, he gives
it as his opinion, that it is the intention of the
Spanish forces to advance on our possessions until
they shall be repressed by an opposing force, and
proceeds to say:
" Considering jthat Congi ess alone is constitutionally in-
vested with the poworof changing our condition from peace
to war, I have thought it my duty to await iiieir authouty
for using foic e m any degree which could be avoided. I
have baiely instructed the officers stationed in the neighbor-
hood ot the aggressions to piotectour citizens from violence,
to patrol within the borders actually deliveied to us, and not
to go out of them, but when necessary to repel an inroad, or
to rescue a citizen or his property; and the Spanish officers
remaining at New Orleans are requiied to depart-without
fui tlier delay.*'
Now, sir, it does appear to me that there is but
a very slight difference between the course j^r-
sued by the present Executive towards Mextco,
and that of Mr. Jefferson towards Spain. Neither
made any attempt to change our condition from
peace to war. Mr. Polk communicated the fact to
Congress, that he had ordered our troops to occu-
py the country intermediate the Nueces and the
Rio Grande; and in all his orders to our officers in
com mand, the strictest inj 11 nctions are found against
the commission of any act of aggression. He has
gone no further than Mr."Jefferson did, and no
further than the Constitution fully authorized him
to go. A case almost precisely similar to the
present occurred during Mr. Jefferson's Adminis-
tration in 1801. In his message of that year, he
says:
l( To this state of general peace with which we have been
blessed, only one exception exists. Tnpoli, the least con-
siderable ol the Batbary States, had come forward with de-
mands, unfounded either m right or in compact, and had
permitted itself to denounce wai on our failure to comply
before a given day. The s-tyle of the demand admitted but
one answei. I ot dered a small squadron of irigates into the
Mediterranean, with asMirances to that Power ot our sincere
desire to remain in peace, hut with orders to protect our
commerce against the threatened attack. The measure was
reasonable and salutary. The Bey bad already declared
war. His cruisers were out. Two had arrived at Gibraltar.
Our coimneice in the Mediterranean was blockaded, and
that of the Atlantic in pen!. The arrival of our squadron
dispelled the danger. One of the Tripoli tan cruisers having
fUileninwuh and engaged the small schooner Enterpii^e,
coimnaaded by Lieutenant Sierret, which had gone- as a
tender to our larger vessels, was captured, after a heavy
slaughter of her men,'without the Joss of a single one on our
part.
" Unauthorized by the Constitution, without the sanction of
Congress, to go beyond the lin e of defence, the vessel, being dis-
abled from committing further hostilities, it as HVerated, with its
crew. The Legislature will doubtless consider whether, by
authorizing measures of offence also, they will place our force
on an equal footing with that of its adversaries."
A change of names, Mr. President, would make
this case precisely like that of the present. The
Executive has taken only the same precautionary
measures, under the threat of Mexico to declare
war, and which she did declare, by sending our
troops near the scene of the expected incision,
that Mr. Jefferson did in sending the squadron to
the Mediterranean under the threat of the Bey of
Tripoli. Neither of them directed an attack to be
made; each awaited an attack, which was success-
fully repulsed; and neither went beyond the line
of defence without the authority of Congress; for,
so soon as the attack on Thornton's command was
known here, which happened on the 24th of April,
the President informedus of it by special message,
and asked us to recognise the existence of the war,
and by the act of Mexico, which we did do on the
13th of May following, by the unanimous vote of
both Houses nearly—only two in this Chamber
voting against it, and but fourteen in the House.
In Mr. Jefferson's messag'e of December, 1806,
he informs- Congress that the Spaniards had ad-
vanced in considerable force and taken possession
of Bayou Pierre, on the Red river, east of the Sa-
bine, then the line temporarily agreed upon be-
tween our officers and those of Spain. He then
proceeds to say:
"The nature of that country requires indispensably that
an unusual proportion of the force employed there should
be cavalry or mounted infantry. In ordei, therefore, that
the commanding officer might he enabled to act with effect,
1 had authorized him to call on the governors of Oileans
and Mississippi for a corps of five hundred volunteer cav-
alry." ^
How nearly like this is the direction given by
the Executive to General Taylor, if he should ap-
prehend an attack, or an invasion by Mexico!
Comparing the conduct of Mr. Jefferson, in simi-
lar cases, to that of the Executive, one is led to
the conclusion, that the latter'had endeavored to,
imitate that great man in all he has done or intend-
ed; and as the one has never been censured for his
course, so should not the other be: both are enti-
tled to the gratitude of their country for their acts,
and both would have been highly censurable, if
they had omitted to do as they did, in the several
exigencies in which they were called to act. Had
the President failed to defend Texas, after she had
agreed to our terms of annexation, and Mexico h^fi
invaded her, he would have been—as he ought to
have been—denounced by the world.
In addition, Mr. President, to what I have ad-
vanced as to the threat of Mexico to declare war,
and to consider annexation as a casits belli, and the
reasons which governed the Executive to send our
troops there, I will call the attention of theSenate to
the correspondence of our charge to Texas during
the pendency of the question before the Congress
of that republic, in the summer of 1845. It will
be recollected, sir, that proposals had been sub-
mitted to the Texan Congress from Mexico, through
Captain Elliott, of the British legation in Texas,
to acknowledge the independence of Texas, with
the condition that she should not unite herself to
any other Power. This official had the most ample
opportunities of knowing the designs of Mexico
fully, as he enjoyed the confidence of her rulers.
Our charge, Mr. Donelson, writes, under date of
the 4th June, 1845, to our Secretary of State, after
speaking of an advance of Mexican troops to the
Rio Grande, as follows:
" This exhibition of force for the purpose of driving the
Texans from the Rto Grande, shows that Captain Elliott is
not speaking at random when he declares (as he has done
to many of the citizens of this country) that a reaction of
the proposals now offered by him for the independence of
'Texas, will be followed immediately by an invasion from
Mexico.
<* Captain Elliott, as soon as he is informed that he cannot
defeat annexation, will be apt to find means of conveying
secret intelligence to the commander of the Mexican tioops
on the Rio Grande, who, it is reasonable to conclude, will
be prepared at once to resume the war upon Texas."
He then advises our Government to select the
officer to command our troops, and to be placed in
communication with him, and then says, in the
event of Texas agreeing to the terms of union:
