1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
•29th Cong 2n Sf.ss.
The Mexican War—Mr. Corwin.
Senate.
necessary war; and I cannot determine whether it
was necessary until I know how it was that my
country was involved in it. And it is to that par-
ticular point, Mr. President—without reading
documents, but referring to a few facts which I
understand not to be denied on either side of this
chamber—that I wish to direct the attention of the
American Senate, and so far as may be, that of any
of the noble and honest-hearted constituents whom
I represent here. I know, Mr. President, the re-
sponsibility which I assume in undertaking to de-
termine that the President of the United States has
done great wrong to the country, whose honor and
whose interest he was required to protect. I know
the denunciations which await every one who shall
dare to put himself in opposition to that high power
—that idol god—which the people of this country
have made to themselves and called a President.
But it is my very humility which makes me
bold. I know, sir, that he who was told in former
times how to govern a turbulent people, was ad-
vised to cut off the tallest heads. Mine will escape!
Still, holding a seat here, Mr. President, and find-
ing it written in the Constitution of my country
that I had the power to grant to the President at
his bidding, or not, as I pleased, men and money, I
did conceive that it became my duty to ascertain
whether the President's request was a reasonable
one—whether the President wanted these men and
this money for a proper and laudable purpose or
not; and with these old-fashioned ideas—quite as
unpopular I fear with some on this^ide of the Cham-
ber as we find them to be on the other—I set my-
self to this painful investigation. I found not quite
enough along with me to have saved the unrighte-
ous city of old.
There were not five of us, but only three ! And
when these votes were called, and I was compel-
led to separate myself from almostall around me, I j
could have cried, as did the man of Uz in his afflic-
tion in the elder time—"What time my friends j
wax warm they vanish, when it is hot they are con- i
surrxed out of their places!" |
I could not leave the position in which it had j
pleased the State of Ohio to place me, and I return- [
ed again and again to the original and primary and I
important inquiry—how is it that my country is i
involved in this war ? I looked to the President's
account of it, and he tells rue it wa s a war for the
defence of the tenitoiy of the United States. I
found it written in that message, Mr. President,
that this war was not sought nor forced upon
Mexico by the people of the United States. I shall
make no question of history or the truth of history
with my master, the commander-in-chief, upon
that particular proposition. On the contrary, I
could verify every word that he thus utters. Sir,
I know that the people of the United States neither
sought nor forced Mexico into this war, arid yet I
know that the President of the United States, with
the command of your standing army, did seek that
war, and that he forced war upon Mexico. ' I am
not about to afflict the Senate with a detail of testi-
mony on that point I will simply state facts which
few I trust will be found to deny.
One of the facts, Mr. President, is this : That in
the year of grace 1836 the battle of San Jacinto
was fought. Does anybody deny thatP No one
here will doubt that fact. The result of that battle
was, that a certain district of country, calling itself
Texas, declared itself a free and independent
republic. I hope the Senate will pardon me for j
uttering a thought or two which strike me just now j
while I see the Senator from Texas, the leader of !
the men who achieved that victory, before me. I '
wish to say a word or two about the great glory,
the historical renown, that is to come to the people
of the United States by the victories which we
shall obtain over the arms and forces of the repub-
lic of Mexico. I suppose, Mr. President, like all j
other boys, in my early youth, when i had an op- j
portunity of lookingata book called history, those i
which spoke of bloody battles and desolating wars |
were most likely to attract my attention, and with ;
very limited means of asceitaining that portion of j
the history of the human race, it nevertheless has
impressed itself very vividly upon my mind that
there have been great wars, and, as the old maxim
has it, " many brave men, before Agamemnon."
Sir, the world's annals show very many fero-
cious sieges, and battles, and onslaughts, before
San Jacinto, Palo Alto, or Monterey. Generals of 1
bloody renown have frightened the nations before
the revolt of Texas, or our invasion of Mexico; and
I suppose we Americans might properly claim some
share in this martial reputation,, since it was won
by our own kindred, men clearly descended from
Noah, the great " propositus'* of our family, with
whom we all claim a very endearing relationship.
But I confess I have been somewhat surprised of
late that men, read in the history of man, who
knew that war has been his trade for six thousand
years, (prompted I imagine by those "noble in-
stincts" spoken of by the Senator fiom Michigan,)
who knew that the first man born of woman was a
hero of the first magnitude, that he met his shep-
herd brother in deadly conflict, and most heroical-
ly beat out his brains with a club—I say, sir, lam
somewhat puzzled when I hear those who knew
all these things well, nevertheless shouting pecans
of glory to the American name for the few deeds of,
death which our noble little army in Mexico have
as yet been able to achieve.
But, sir, let me recur again to the battle of San
Jacinto. The Senator from Texas, [General Hous-
ton,] now in his seat, commanded there. His
army consisted of about seven hundred and fifty
men. These were collected from all parts of the
United States, and from the population of Texas,
then numbering about ten thousand souls. With
this army, undisciplined, badly armed, and indif-
ferently furnished in all respects, the Senator from
Texas conquered a Mexican army of about 3,500
men, took their commander, Santa Ana, then Pres-
ident of Mexico, prisoner, with the whole of his
forces. Texas declared her independence, and
alone maintained it against the power of Mexico;
for seven years, and since that time has been a'
State under the shield of our protection. It is
against this same'Mexico that twenty millions of
Anglo-Saxon Americans send forth their armies.
The great North American Republic buckles on,
her armor, and her mighty bosom heaves with the
" guadia certaminis," as she marches under her
eagle banners to encounter a foe, who ten years ago
was whipped by an army of seven hundred and
fifty undisciplined militia, and bereft of a territory
larger than the Empire of France, which her con-
queror held in her despite fur seven yeais, and then
q-uietly transferred her territory and power to you.
Sir, if the joint armies of the United States and
Texas are to acquire renown by vanquishing Mexi-
co, what honors are too great to be denied to Texas
for her victory over this Mexico ten years ago? If,
by vanquishing such a foe, you are to win renown
in war, what laurels should you not wreath around
the brows of those who fought atSan Jacinto, es-
pecially when history tells of the killed and wound-
ed in the latter fight, she records that just three
were killed in mortal combat, whilst two died of
their wounds si when the battle was done !! Oh,
Mr. President, does it indeed become this great
Republic to cherish the heroic wish to ^ measure
arms with the long since conquered, distracted,
anarchic, and miserable Mexico ?
Mr. President, I trust we shall abandon the idea,
the heathen, barbarian notion, that our true na-
tional glory is to be won, or retained, by military
prowess or skill, in the art of destroying life. And,
whilst I cannot but lament, for the permanent and
lasting renown of my country, that she should
command the service of her children in what I
must consider wanton, unprovoked, unnecessary,
and therefore, unjust war, I can yield to the brave
soldier, whose trade is war, and whose duty is
obedicnce, the highest meed of praise for his cour-
age, his enterprise, and perpetual endurance of
the fatigues and horrors of war. I know the gal-
lant men who are engaged in fighting your battles
possess personal bravery equal to any troops, in j
any land, anywhere engaged in the business of }
war. I do not believe we are less capable in the ;
art of destruction than others, or less willing, on j
the slightest pretext, to unsheath the sword, and j,
consider il revenge a virtue." I could wish, also,
that your bra vie soldiers, whilst they bleed and die
on the battle-field, might have, (what in this war
is impossible) the consolation to feel and know,
that their blood flowed in defence of a great risrht,
that their lives were a meet sacrifice to an exalted
principle.
But, sir, I return to our relations with Mexico.
Texas, I have shown, having won her indepen-
dence, and torn from Mexico about one-fourth part
of her territory, comes to the United States, sinks
her national character into the less elevated but -
more secure position of one of the United States of
America. The revolt of Texas, her successful war,,
with Mexico, and the consequent loss of a valua-
ble province, all inured to the ultimate benefit of
our Government and our country. While.Mexico
was weakened and humbled, we in the eame pro- >
portion were strengthened and elevated—all this -
was done against the wish, the interest, and the
earnest remonstrance of Mexico.
Every one can feel, if he will examine himself for
a moment, what must have been the mingled emo-
tions of pride, humiliation, and bitter indignation,
which raged in the bosoms of the Mexican peo-
ple, when they saw one of their fairest provinces
torn from them by a revolution, moved by a foreign
people; and that province, by our act and our con-
sent, annexed to the already enormous expanse of
our territory. It is idle, Mr. President, to suppose
that the Mexican people would not fed as deeply
for the dismemberment and disgrace of their coun-
try as you would for the dismemberment of this
Union of ours. Sir, there is not a race, nor tribe,
nor people on the earth, who have an organized,
social, or political existence, who have clung with
more obstinate affection to every inch of soil they
rould call their own, then this very Spanish, this
Mexican, this Indian race, in that country. So
strong and deep is this sentiment in the heart pf
that half savage, half civilized race, that it has be-
come not merely an opinion, a principle, but with
them an unreasoning fanaticism. So radically deep
and strong has this idea rooted itself into the .Mexi-
can mind, that I learn recently it has been made a
part of the new fundamental law, that not an inch of
Mexican soil shall ever be alienated to a foreign
Power; that her territory shall remain entire as long
as her Republic endures; that, if one of her limbs
be forcibly severed from her, death shall ensue,
unless that limb shall be leunited to the parent
: trunk. With such a people, not like you, as you
fondly, and I fear vainly boast yourselves, a highly
civilized, reasoning, and philosophical race, but a
i people who, upon the fierce barbarism of the old age?
! have insidfted the holy sentiments of patriotism of
i a later birth; with just such a people, the pride of
, independence and the love of country combine to ,
inflame and sublimate patriotic attachment into a
; feeling dearer than life, stronger than death,
i What were the sentiments of such a people to-
wards us when they learned that at the battle of
; San Jacinto there were only seventy-five men of
| their own country, out of the seven hundred and
1 fifty who conquered them on that day; and that
j every man of that conquering army, who fought
that battle and dismembered their republic of one
fourth part of its territory, had but recently gone
there from this country, was fed by our people,
and armed and equipped in the United States to do
that very deed.
I do not say that Mexico had a right to make
war upon us, because our citizens chose to seek
their fortunes in the fields of Texas. I do not say
she had a right to treat you as a belligerent power,
because you permitted your citizens to march in
battalions and regiments" from your shores, for the
avowed purpose of insurrectionary war m Texas;
but I was not alone at the time in expressing my
astonishment, that all this did not work an open
rupture between the two republics at that time.
We all remember your proclamations of neutrality:
we know that in defiance of these, your citizens
armed themselves and engaged in the Texan re-
volt; and it is true that without such aid Texas
would this day have been, as she then was, an
integral portion of the Mexican Republic. Sir, -
Mexicans knew this then; they knew it when,
seven years after, you coolly took this province
under your protection and made it your own. Do •
you wonder, therefore, after all this, that when
Texas did thus forcibly pass away from them and
I come to us, that prejudice amounting to hate, re-
; sentment implacable'as revenge towards us, should
seize and possess and madden the entire popula-
S tion of a country thus weakened, humbled, con-
| demned ?
Mr. President, how would the lire of indignation
' have burned in every bosom here, if the Grovern-
mentof Canada, with the connivance of the Crown-
j of England, had permitted its people to arm tbera-
! selves, or it might be, had allowed its regiments of
