•214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 11,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Corwin.
Senate.
trained mercenary troops stationed there to invade
New York, and excite her to revolt, telling them
that the Crown of England ivas the natural and
paternal ruler of any people desiring to be free and
happy—that your Government was weak, factious,
oppressive—that man withered under its baleful
influence—that your stars and stripes -were only
emblems of degradation, and symbols of faction—
that England's lion, rampant on his field of gold,
was the appropriate emblem of power, and symbol
of national glory—and they succeeded in alienating
the weak or wicked of'your people from you—
should toe not then have waged an exterminating
war upon England, in every quarter of the globe
where her people were to be found ?
If, sir, I say, old mother England had sent her
children forward to you with such a purpose and
message as that, and "had severed the State of New
York from you, and then, for gome difficulty about
the boundary along between it and Pennsylvania
and New Jersey, running up some little tide-creek
here, and going off a little degree or two there,
should have said : " We have a dispute about this
boundary, we have some forty thousand regular
troops planted upon the boundary, and I wish you
to understand that I am very strong—that I have
not only thirty millions of people upon the soil of
Great Britain that own my sovereign sway, but
away upon the other side of the globe, right under
you, there the Lion of England commands the
obedience of a hundred and twenty millions more.
It becomes you, stragghngDemocrats, here in this
new world, to be a little careful how you treat me.
You are not Celts exactly—nor are yon quite
Anglo-Saxons; but you are a degenerate, an alien,
a sort of bastard race. I have taken your New
York; I will have your Massachusetts.5' And all
this is submitted to the American Senate, and we
are gravely discussing what ought to be done.
Would we be likely to ratify a treaty between New
York and the Crown of England, permitting New
York to become a part of the colonial possessions
of England ?
1 should like to hear my colleague [Mi. Allen]
speak to such a question as that. I should like to
hear the voice of this Democracy that you talk
about, callcd upon to utter us tones on a question
like that. If he who last year was so pained lest
an American citizen away—God knows where—
in sonic latitude beyond the Rocky Mountains—
should be obedient to British law—if he whose
patriotic and republican apprehension was so pain-
fully excited lest the right of habeas corpus and trial
by jury, which every Englishman carries with lurn
in his pockct wherever he goes, should be made to
bear upon an American ciiizon—were called upon
to speak upon such a proposition as that which I
have supposed, I should certainly like to hear how
he would treat it. Yet, the question being revers-
ed, that is precisely the condition in which Mexi-
co stood towards you after San Jacinto was fought,
and on the day Texas was annexed.
Your people did go to Texas. I remember it
well. They went to Texas to fight for their rights.
They could not fight for them in their own coun-
try. Well, they fought for their rights. They
conquered them ! They conquered a peace! They
were your citizens—not Mexicans. They were
recent emigrants to that country. They went there
for the very purpose of seizing on that country,
and making it a free and independent republic,
with the view, as some of them said, of bringing it
into the American confederacy in due time. Is this
poor Celtic brother of yours in Mexico—is the
Mexican man sunk so low that he cannot hear
what fills the mouth and car of rumor all over this
country ? He knows that this was the settled pur-
pose of some of your people. He knows that your
avarice had fixed its eagle glance on these rich
acres m Mexico, and that your proud power count-
ed the number that could be brought againstyou,
and that your avarice and your power together
marched on to the subjugation of the third or
fourth part of the Republic of Mexico, and took it
from her. We knew this, and knowing it, what
should have been the feeling and sentiment in the
mind of the President of the United States towards
such a people—a people, at least in their own,
opinion, so deeply injured by us as were these
Mexicans ?
The Republic of Texas comes under the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and it happens that
the minister resident at your court—and it is a
pretty respectable court, Mr. President—we have
something of a King—not for life it "is true, but a
quadrennial sort of a monarch, who does very
much as he pleases—the minister resident at that
court of yours stated at the time that this revolted
province of Texas was claimed by Mexico, and
that if you received it as one of the sovereign
States of this Union, right or wrong, it was im-
possible to reason with his people about it—they
would consider it as an act of hostility. Did you
consult the national feeling of Mexico then ?
The President has now to deal with a people
thus humbled, thus irritated. It was his duty to
concede much to Mexico—everything but his coun-
try 's honor or her rights. Was this done? Not at !
all I Mexico and her minister were alike spurned
as weak and trivial things, whose complaints you
would not hear or heed; and, when she humbly
implored you not to take this province, declared
that it might disturb the peace subsisting between
us, you were still inexorable. During this time,
she was forcing loans from her citizens to pay the
debt she owed yours, fulfilling her treaties with
you by painful exactions from her own people.
She begged of you to' let Texas alone. If she were
independent, let her enjoy her independence. If
free, let her revel in her new-born liberty, in de-
fiance of Mexico, as she alleged she would and
could. Your stem reply was, no; we will, at your
expense, strengthen our own arm, by uniting to
ouiselves that which has been severed from you
by our own citizens; we will take Texas; we will
throw the shield of our Constitution over her rights,
and the sword of our power .shall gleam like that !
at Eden, "turning every way," to guard her:
against further attack.
Her minister, his remonstrance failing, leaves
you. He tells you that he cannot remain, because
you had created, by this act, hostile relations with
hts Government. At last you are informed that
Mexico will receive a commissioner to treat of this
Texan boundary, if you will condescend to negoti-
ate. Instead of sending a commissioner to treat of
that, the then only difficult question between the
two republics, you send a full minister, and require
that he shall be received as such. If he could not
be styled minister plenipotentiary, and so accredit-
ed, why then we must fight, and not negotiate for
a boundary. The then Mexican President, the re-
presentative of some faction only, was tottering to
I his fall. His minister besought Mr. Slidell not to
press his reception then. He was told that the ex-
cited feelings of the Mexican people weie such that
he must delay for a time. To this petition what
answer is returned ? You shall receive me now;
you shall receive me as minister and not as com-
missioner; you shall receive me as though the most
pacific relations existed between the two countries.
77ms, and not otherwise, shall it be. Such was the
haughty, imperious torfe of Mr. Slidell, and he
actcd up only to the spirit of his instructions. Let
any one peruse the correspondence I have referred
to, and he will see that I have truly represented its
spirit, be its letter what it may. This is done
under the instructions of a cabinet here, who rep-
resented themselves in our public documents as
sighing, panting for peace; as desiring, above all
things, to treat these distracted, contemned Mexi-
cans in such a way, that not the shadow of a com-
plaint against us shall be seen. From this corre-
spondence it is perfectly clear, that if Mr. Slidell
had been sent in the less ostentatious character of
u commissioner," to treat of the Texas boundary,
that treaties and not bullets would have adjusted
the question. But this was not agreeable to the
lofty conceptions of the President. He preferred
a vigorous war to the tame process of peaceful ad-
justment. He now throws down the pen of the
diplomat, and grasps the sword of the warrior.
Your army, with brave old " Rough and Ready"
at its head, is ordered to pass the Nueces, and ad-
vance to the east bank of the Rio Grande. There,
sir, between these two rivers lies that slip of ter-
ritory, that chaparral thicket, interspersed with
Mexican haciendas, out of which this wasteful,
desolating war arose. Was this territory beyond
the riverNueces, in the State of Texas?
Now I have said that I would not state any dis-
putable fact. It is known to every man who has
looked into this subject, that a revolutionary gov-
ernment can claim no jurisdiction anywhere when
it has not defined and exercised its power with the
sword. It was utterly indifferent to Mexico and
the world what legislative enactments Texas made.
She extended her revolutionary government and
her revolutionary dominion not one inch beyond
the extent to which she had carried the power of
Texas in opposition to the power of Mexico.
It is therefore a mere question of fact; and how
will it be pretended that that country, lying be-
tween the Nueces and the Del Norte, to which
your army was ordered, and of which it took pos-
session, was subject to Texan law and not Mexi-
can law ? What did your general find there ?
What did he write home? Do you hear of any
trial by jury on the east bank of the Rio Grande—-
of Anglo-Saxons making cotton there with their
negroes? No; you hear of Mexicans residing
peacefully there, but fleeing from their cotton-fields
at the approach of your army—no sla\#s; for it
had been a decree of the Mexican Government,
years ago, that no slaves should exist there. If
there were a Texas population on the east bank of
the Rio Grande, why did not General Taylor hear
something of those Texans hailing the advent of
the American army, coming to protect them from
the ravages of the Mexicans, and the more mur-
derous onslaught of the neighboring savages?
Do you hear anything of that? JNo ! On the
contrary, the population fted at the approach of
your army. In God's name, I wish to know if it
has come to this, that when an American army
goes to protect American .citizens on American ter-
ntoiy, they flee fr#m it, as if from the most bar-
barous enemy? Yet such is the ridiculous as-
sumption of those who pretend that, on the east
bank of the Rio Grande, where your arms took
possession, there were Texas population, Texas
power, Texas laws, and American (United States)
power and law ! No, Mr. President; when I see
that stated in an executive document, written by
the finger of a President of the United States; and
when you read in those documents, with which
your tables groan, the veracious account of that
noble old General Taylor, of his reception in that
country, and of those'men—to use the language
of one of hi^ officers—fleeing before the invaders;
when you compare these two documents together,
is it not a biting sarcasm upon the sincerity of pub-
lic men—a bitter satire upon the gravity of all public
affairs ?
Can it be, Mr. President, that the honest, gen-
erous, Christian people of the United States will
give countenance to this egregious, palpable mis-
representation of fact—this hold falsification of his-
tory? Shall it be written down in your public an-
nals, when the world, looking on, and you your-
selves, know that Mexico, and not Texas, possess-
ed this territory to which your armies marched?
As Mexico had never been dispossessed by Texan
power, neither Texas nor your Government had
any more claim to it than you now have to Cali-
fornia, that other possession of Mexico over which
your all-grasping avaiice has already extended its
remorseless dominion.
Mr. President, there is absent to-day a Senator
from the other side of the House, whose presence
would afford me, as it always does, but particu-
larly on this occasion, a most singular gratifica-
tion. I allude to the Senator from Missouri who
sits furthest from me, [Mr. Benton.] I remem-
ber, Mr. President, he arose in this body and per-
formed a great act of justice to himself an 1 to his
country—of justice to mankind, for all men are in-
terested in the truths of history—when he declared
it to be his purpose, for the sake of the truth of
history, to set light some gentlemen on the other
side of the House in respect to the territory of Or-
egon, which then threatened to disturb the peace of
this republic with the kingdom of Great Britain. I
wish it had pleased him to have performed the
same good offices on this occasion.
I wish it had been so, if he could have found it
consonant with his duty to his country, that now,
while engaged with an enemy whom we have no
reason to fear as being ever able to check our pro-
gress or disturb our internal peace, for the sake of
justice, as then he did for the sake of justice and the
interest and peace of those two countries, Eng-
land and America, he had come forward to settle
the truth of history in respect to the territorial
boundary of Texas, which our President said was
the Rio Bravo—the 4<Rio del Norte," as it is
