1847.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Corwin.
Senate.
sometimes called. I express this wish for no pur- j
pose of taunting the Senator from Missouri, or '
lending him to believe that I would draw his name ;
into the discussion for any other than the most !
sacrcd purposes which can animate the human
bosom—that of having truth established; for I re-
ally believe that that is true which the Senator
from Michigan stated yesterday, that the worst
said in the Senatels, that much might be said on
both sides! I cannot view it in that way. Much
may be said, much talk may be had on both sides
on any question; but that this is a disputable mat-
ter, about which a man could apply his mind for
an hour, and still be m doubt, is to me an inscru-
table mystery.
I wish to invoke the authority of the Senator
from Missouri. When about to receive Texas in
the Union, he offered a resolution to this effect:
" That the incorporation of the left bank of the Rio del '
Norte (Rio Grande) into the Ameiioan Union, b> virtue of
a treaty with Texts, compiehending, a< tiie said incoipora-
lioa would do, a part of the Mexican departments of New
Moxico, Chihuahua. Coatiuila, and Tamauiipas, WOULD
BE AN ACT OF DIRECT AGGRESSION ON MEXICO,
joi alt the consequences of a.knh the United States would
stand responsible.
I beg, Mr. President, to add to this another au-
thonty which I am sure will not be contradicted
by any calling themselves Democrats. In the sum-
mer of 1844, Mr. Silas Wright, in an elaborate ad-
dress delivered at Watertown, New York, said:
" There is another subject on which I feel bound to s.peak
a word—I allude to the proposition to annex Texas to the
terriioiy of tin  republic. I felt it my duty to vote as Sen-
ator, and did vote, agauir-t the idtifKation of the treaty for
the annexation. I believed that the treaty, from the bound-
anes that must be implied from it, if Mexico would not
treat with us, emhated a country t) which Tex.is had no
cldm—Oier which she had never asserted jurisdiction, and
uhLh she hai no tight to cede, On this point I should give
a btief explanation.
"The treaty ceded Texas by name, uithout an effort to
desci ibe a bound-xry• The Congress of Texas had passed an
act declaring, by motes arid bounds, what was Texas within
their power and jurisdiction. It appeared to me, then, if
Mexico should tell u , ' We don't know j ou—we have no
tieaty to make with you'—and we weie left to take pos-e-,-
Hon by force, we must take the country as Texas* had ceded
it to U-*—und in doing, that, or forfeiting our ovn honor, we
must do injustice to Mecci'-o, ami take a large poit'un of Ncm
Mexico, the people of which have never been under the juris-
diction of Texas; this, to me, iva* an insurmountable barrier—
I could not place the country in that position.''*
How did your officers consider this question?
While in camp opposite to Matamoros, being then
on the left bank of the Rio Guuide, between the j
latter river and the Nueces, a most respectable |
officer thus writes to his friend m New York: j
" Camp opposite Matamoros, Jlpril 19,1846.
"Our situation here i.- an extiaoidinary one. Right in
tke enemy's counti y, actually occupying their corn and cotton
fields, the people of the $M icaiing their homes, and we. with
a small hiindiul of men, inarching, with colors flying and
diums beating, right under the guns of one of their principal
cities ; display uig the stai-spangied banner, as if in dcfiancef
under tlu-u very no^e; and they with an army twice our
si/e at least, t-it quietly down, arid make not the least resist-
ance, not the first eftort to drive the invaders oli. There is
no parallel to it."
Sir, did this officer consider himself in Texas? ,
Were they our own Texan citizens, who, in the ;
language of the letter, " did not make the first effort \
to drive the invaders off.'* If it had been Texas j
there, would that State consider it invasion, or her j
people Hy from your standard? " The people of the ;
soil leaving their homesWho were those "people I
of the soil?" Sir, they were Mexicans, never con- 1
quered by Texas, and never subject to her laws, |
and, therefore, never transferred, by annexation, :
to your dominion; and, therefore, lastly, your .
army, by order of the President, without the con- '
sent or advice of Congress, made war on Mexico,
by invading her territory, in April, 1846. ,
Mr. President, the Senator from Missouri was ;
rio-ht. " The incorporation of the left bank of the '
R,To Grande into the American Union" was "an I
act of direct aggression on Mexico," as his lesolu- 1
tion most truthfully alleged. We, or at least the i
President, has attempted to incorporate the left 1
bank of the Rio del Norte, or the Rio Grande, into |
the Union, and the consequence, the legitimate con- j
sequence, war, has come upon us. The President, I
in his message, asserts the boundary of Texas to j
be the Rio Grande. The Senator from Missouri ;
asserts the left bank of that river to be Mexican 1
territory. Sir, it is not for me, who stand here an
humble man, who protend not to be one of those
Pharisees who know all the law and obey it, but
who, like the poor Publican, would stand afar off
and smite my breast, and say, God be merciful
to me, a poor Whig,—when the anointed High
Priests in the Temple of Democracy differ on a
point of fact, itis not for me to decide between them.
Is it for me to say that the Senator from Missouri
was ignorant and the President omniscient? Is it
for me to say that the President-was right and the
Senator from Missouri wrong? If it were true that
Texan laws had been, since 1836, as the President's
action seems to declare, how happened it that, when
General Taylor went to Point Isabel, the people
set fire to their houses and fled the place? And
how did it happen that there was a custom-house
there, there t in Texas, as you now allege? A Mexi-
can custom-house in Texas, where, ever since 1836,
and for one whole year after the State of Texas
became yours, a Mexican officer collected taxes of
all who traded there, and paid these duties into the
Mexican treasury! Sir, is it credible that this State
of Texas allowed Mexican laws and Mexican power
to exist within her borders for seven years after her
independence? I should think a people so prompt
to fight for their rights, might have burned some
powder for the expulsion of Mexican usurpers from
Texan territory. Sir, the history of this country !
is full of anomalies and contradictions. What a i
patriotic, harmonious people! When Taylor comes |
to protect them, they fne their dwellings and fly !
When you come in peace, bristling in arms for
protection only, your eagle spreading its wings to
shield from harm all American citizens, what then
happens? Why, according to your own account,
these Anglo-Saxon republicans are so terrified at
the sight of their country's flag, that they abandon
their homes, and retreat before your army, as if
some nomad tribe had wandered thither to enslave
their families and plunder their estates!
All this mass of undeniable fact, known even to
the careless leader of the public prints, is so utterly
at war with the studiously contrived statements m
| your cabinet documents, that I do not wonder at
I all that an amiable national pride, however nus-
j placed here, has prevented hitherto a thorough and
j fearless investigation of their truth. Nor. sir,
j would I probe this feculent mass of misrepresenta-
i tion, had I not been compelled to it, m defence of
; votes which I was obliged to record here within the
1 last ten days. Sir, with my opinions as to facts
! connected with this subject, and my deductions,
! unavoidable from them, I should have been un-
| worthy the high-souled State I represent, had I
| voted men and money to prosecute further a war
1 commenced, as it now appears, in aggression, and
! carried on by repetition only of the original wrong.
Am I mistaken in this ? If I am, I shall hold him
. the dearest fiiend I can own in any relation of life
i who shall show me my error. If I am wrong in
| this question of fact, show me how 1 err, and gladly
j will I retrace my steps; satisfy me that my country
j was in peaceful and rightful possession between
; the Nueces and the Rio Grande when General
' Taylor's army was ordered there; show me that at
Palo Alto and Resaca de hi Pal ma blood was shed
j on Amei ican soil in American possession, and then
1 for the defence of that possession, I will voteaway
: the last dollar that power can wring from the peo-1
j pie, and send every man able to bear a musket to \
j the ranks of war. But until I shall be thus con- j
! vinced, duty to myself, to truth, to conscience, to i
1 public justice, requires that I persist in every law- j
: ful opposition to this war. |
' While the American President can command the |
| army, thank Heaven I can command the purse, i
: While the President, under the penalty of death, |
; can command your officers to procced, I can tell ,
J them to come back, or the President can supply
1 them as he may. He shall have no funds from
I me in the prosecution of o war which I cannot ap- i
i prove. That I conceive to be the duty of a Sena-1
tor. I am not mistaken m that. If it be my duty i
j to grant whatever the President demands, for what
! am I here? Have I no will upon the subject? Is 1
1 it not placed at my discretion, understanding, judg-
I ment? Have an American Senate and House of
I Representatives nothing to *do but obey the bid- 1
ding of the President, as the army he commands
W is compelled to obey under penalty of death ? No !
II The Representatives of the sovereign people and
j j sovereign States were never elected for such pur-
ji poses as that.
ji Have Senators reflected on the great power
l! which the command of armies in war confers upon
any one, but especially on him who is at once the
civil and military-chief of the Government ? It is
very well that we should look back to see how the
friends of popular rights regarded this subject in
former times. Prior to the Revolution of 1688 in
England, all grants of money by Parliament were
general. Specific appropriations before that pe-
riod were unknown. The King could, out of the
general revenues, appropriate any or all of them
to any war or other object, as best suited his own
unrestrained wishes. 'Hence, in the last struggle
with the first Charles, the Parliament insisted that
he should yield up the command of the army raised
to quell the Irish rebellion to such person as Par-
liament should choose The men of that day saw
that, with tlie unrestricted control of revenue, and
the power to name the commander of the army,
the King was master of the liberties of the people.
Wherefore Charles, after he had yielded up al-
most every other kingly prerogative, was (in order
to secure Parliament and the people against mili-
tary rule) required to give up the command of the
forces, it was his refusal to do this that brought
his head to the block. " Give up the command of
the army !" was the last imperative demand of the
foes of cnbitrary power then. What was the re-
ply of that unhappy leprcsentative of the doomed
race of the Stuarts ? 44 Not for an hour, by God !"
was the stern answer. Wentworth had always
advised his royal master never to yield up the
right to command the army: such, too, was the
counsel of the Queen, whose notions of kingly
power were all fashioned after the most despotic
models. This power over the army by our Con-
stitution is conceded to our King. Give him money
at his will, as we are told we must, and you have
set up in this republic just such a tyiant as him
against whom the friends of English liberty were
compelled to wage war. It was a hard necessity,
but still it was demanded as the only security for
; any reasonable measure of public liberty. Such
; men as Holt and Someis, had not yet taught the
1 people of England the secret of controlling arbi-
' trary power by specific appropriations of money;
: and withholding these v?hen the llmg proclaimed
I his intention to use the grant for any purpose not
I approved by the Commons—the true representa-
i tives of popular rights in England.
j When in 16b8 this doctrine of specific appropria-
j tions became a part of the British constitution, the
King could safely be trusted with the control of
the army. If war is made there by the Crown,
and the Commons do not approve of it, refusal to
grant supplies is the easy remedy—one, too, which
renders it impossible for a King of England to
carry forward any war which may be displeasing
to the English people. Yes, sir, in England,
since 1688, it has not been in the power of a Brit-
ish sovereign to do that which, in your boasted
republic, an American President, under what you
call Democracy, has done—make war withoutcon-
j sent of the legislative power. In England, sup-
i plies are at once refused if Parliament does not
I approve the objects of the war. Here, we are told,
i we must not look to the objects of the war, being
| in the war, made by the President, we must help
| him to light it out, should it e\en please him to
1 carry it to the utter extermination of the Mexican
i race. Sir, I believe it must proceed to this shock-
1 mg extreme, if you are by war to " conquer a.
> peace." Here, then,is your condition. The Presi-
i dent involves you in war without your consent,
j Being in such a war, it is demanded as a duty, that
I we grant men and money to carry it on. The Presi-
. dent tells us he shall prosecute this war till Mexi-
i co pays us, or agrees to pay us, all its expenses.
' I am not willing to scourge Mexico thus; and the
only means left me is to say to the commander-in-
chief, u Call home your army—I will feed and
, clothc it no longer—you have whipped Mexico in
three pitched buttles—this is revenge enough—this
is punishment enough."
The President has said he does not expect to
hold Mexican territory by conquest. Why then
conquer it? Why waste thousands of lives, and
millions of money, fortifying towns and cieating
; governments, if, at the end of the war, you retire
1 from the graves of your soldiers, and the desolated ■
,; country of your foes, only to get money from
i Mexico for the expense of all your toil antl sacri-
fice? Who ever heard, since Christianity was
propagated amongst men, of a nation taxing its
