218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 19,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
"Thou shalt not covet anything which is thy
neighbors." How is the mighty fallen! He, be-
neath whose proud footstep Europe trembled, he
is now an exile at Elba, and now finally a prisoner
on the rock of St. Helena, and there, on a barren
island, in an unfrequented sea, in the crater of an
extinguished volcano, then is the death-bed of the
mighty conqueror. All his annexations have come
to that! His last hour is now come, and he, the
man of destinyy he who had rocked the world as
with the throes of an earthquake, is now power-
less, still—even as the beggar, so he died. On the
wings of a tempest, that raged with unwonted
fury, up to the throne of the only power that con-
trolled him while he lived, went the fiery soul of
that wonderful warrior, another witness to the ex-
istence of that eternal decree, that they who do not
rule in righteousness, shall parish from the earth.
He has found " room" at last. And France, she
too has found " room.'' Her " eagles" now no
longer scream along the banks of the Danube, the
Po, and the Borysthenes. They have returned
home to their old eyry, between the Alps, the
Rhine, and the Pyrenees-, so shall it be with yours.
You may carry them to the loftiest peaks of the
Cordilleras, they may wave with insolent triumph
in the Halls of the Montezumas, the armed men
of Mexico may quail before them, but the weak-
est hand in Mexico, uplifted in prayer to the God
of Justice, may call down against you a Power,
in the presence of which the iron hearts of your
warriors shall be turned into ashes.
Mr. Piesident, if the history of our race has
established' any truth, it is but a confirmation of
what is written, " The way of the transgressor is
hard." Inordinate ambition, wantoning in power,
and spurning the humble maxims of justice, has,
ever has, and ever shall, end m ruin. Strength
cannot always trample upon weakness—the hum-
hie shall be exalted—the bowed down will at length
be lilted up. it is by faith in the law of strict jus-
tice, and the practice of its precepts, that nations
alone can be saved. All the annals of the human
race, sacred and profane, aie written over with
this great truth, in characters of living light. It is
my fear, my fixed belief, that in this invasion, this
war with Mexico, we have forgotten this vital
truth. Why is that we have been drawn into this
whirlpool of war? How clear and strong was the
light that shone upon the path of duty a year
aso ! The last disturbing question with England
was setiled—our pow er extended its peaceful sway
from the Atlantic, to the Pacific; from the Ailtgha-
nies we looked out upon Emope, and from the
tops of the Stony Mountains we could desciy the
shoies of Asia; a lich commerce with all the na-
tions of Europe poured wealth and abundance into
our lap on the Atlantic side, while an unoccupied
commerce of three hundied millions of Asiatics
waited on the Pacific for our enterprise to come
and possess it. One hundred millions of dollars
will be wasted in this fruitless war. Had this
money of the people been expended in making a
railroad from your northern lakes to the Pacific, as
one of your citizens lias begged of you in vain,
you would have made a highway for the world
between Asia and Europe. Your Capitol then
would be within thirty or t'oity days travel of
any and every point on the map of the civilized
world. Through this great artery of trade you
would have carried through the heart of your own
country, the teasofChina, and the spices of India,
to the markets of England and France. Why,
why, Mr. President, did we abandon the enter-
prises of peace, and betake ourselves to the bar-
barous achievments of war? Why did we " for-
saice (Ai? fair and fertile field to batten on that
moor."
But, Mr. President, if further acquisition of terri-
tory is to be the result either of conquest or treaty,
. then I scarcely know which should be preferred,
eternal war with Mexico, or the hazards of inter-
nal commotion at home, which last I fear may come
if another province is to he added to our territory.
There is one topic connected with this subject
which I tremble when I approach, and yet I can-
not forbear to notice it. it meets you in every
step you take, it threatens you which way soever
you go in the prosecution of this war. I allude
to the question of slavery. Opposition to its further
extension, it must be obvious to every one, is a
deeply-rooted determination with men of all par-
ties in what we call the non-slaveholding States.
New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, three of the
most powerful, have already sent their legislative
instructions here—so it will be, I doubt not, in all
the rest. It is vain now to speculate about the
reasons for this. Gentlemen of the South may call
it prejudice, passion, hypocrisy, fanaticism. I
shall not dispute with them now on that point.
The great fact that it is so, and not otherwise, is
what it concerns us to know. You nor I cannot
alter or change this opinion if we would. These
people only say, we will not, cannot consent that
you shall carry slavery where it does not already
exist. They do not seek to disturb you in that
institution, as it exists in your States. Enjoy it if
you will, and as you will." This is their language,
this their determination. How is it in the South ?
Can it be expected that they should expend in
common, their blood and their treasure, in the ac-
quisition of immense territory, and then willingly
forego the right to carry thither their slaves, and
inhabit the conquered country if they please to do
so ? Sir, I know the feelings and opinions of the
South too well to calculate on this. Nay, I believe
they would even contend to any extremity for the
mere right, had they no wish to exert it. I believe
(and I confess I tremble when the conviction presses
upon me) that there is equal obstinacy on both
sides of this fearful question. If, then, we persist
in war, which, if it terminate in anything short of
a mere wanton waste of blood as well as money,
must end (as this bill proposes) in the acquisition
of territory, to which at once this controversy must
attach—this bill would seem to be nothing less
than a bill to produce internal commotion. Should
we prosecute this war another moment, or expend
one dollar m the purchase or conquest of a single
acre of Mexican land, the North and the South are
brought into collision on a point where neither will
yield". Who can foisee or foretell the result! Who
so bold or reckless as to look such a conflict in the
face unmoved ! I do not envy the heart of him who
can i eahze the possibility of such a conflict with-
out emotions too painful to be endured. Why
then shall we, the representatives of the sovereign
States of this Union—the chosen guardians of this
confederated Republic, why should we precipitate
this fearful struggle, by continuing a war, the re-
sults of which must be to force us at once upon it ?
Sir, rightly considered, this is treason, treason to
the Union, treason to the dearest interests, the
loftiest aspirations, the most cherished hopes of
our constituents, ltis a crime to risk the possibility
of such a contest. It is a ciime of such infernal
hue, thai every other in the catalogue of iniquity,
when compared with it, whitens into \irtue. Oil,
Mr. President, it does seem tome, if Hell itself
could yawn and vomit up the fiends that inhabit
its penal abodes, commissioned to disturb the har-
mony of this world, and dash the fairest prospect
of" happiness that ever allured the hopes of men,
the first step in the consummation of this diaboli-
cal purpose would be, to light up the fires of inter-
|i nal war, and plunge the sister States of this Union
i! into the bottomless gulf of civil strife. We stand
i' this day on the crumbling brink of that gulf—we
11 see its bloody eddies wheeling and boiling before
[j us—shall we not pause before it be too late ? How
i! piain again is here the path, I may add the only
lj way of duty, of prudence, of true patriotism. Let
(' us abandon all idea of acquiring further territory,
I and by consequence cease at once to prosecute this
'! war. Let us call home our armies, and bring them
at once within our own acknowledged limits.
Show Mexico that you are sincere when you say
you desire nothing by conquest. She has learned
that she cannot encounter you in war, and if she
had not, she is too weak to disturb you here.
Tender her peace, and my life on it, she wall then
accept it. But whether she shall or not, you will
have peace without her consent. It is your inva-
sion that has made war, your retreat will restore
peace. Let us then close forever the approaches
of internal feud, and so return to the ancient con-
| cord and the old ways of national prosperity and
! permanent glory. * Let us here, in this temple con-
secrated to the Union, perform a solemn lustration;
let us wash Mexican blood from our hands, and on
these altars, m the presence of that image of the
Father of his Country that looks down upon us,
swear to preserve honorable peace with all the
world, and eternal brotherhood with each other.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. HOUSTON,
op texas,
In the Senate of the Unitko States,
February 19, 1847,
On the Bill making an appropriation of three
millions of dollars to bring to a conclusion the
war with Mexico.
Mr. HOUSTON said, from the course this de-
bate had taken, the object of this bill was in dan-
ger ot being forgotten. Its merits appear to have
been pretty much overlooked, for no position had
particularly been taken in favor of its passage, or
in opposition to it; gentlemen having discussed a
variety of topics, having no immediate connexion
with it. As, therefore, gentlemen had gone into
so wide a discussion, it would impose on him the
duty of noticing matters somewhat irrelevant to
the question pending before the Senate.
Honorable gentlemen, in discussing this subject,
had adverted to various circumstances which seem
to claim no very intimate connexion with it; and
some-which involve not only the interests but the
integrity of the territory of the State which he in
part represented. But previous to entering into an
investigation of that subject, it might not be im-
proper to advert to that portion of their discussions
which had relation to the expulsion of the printer
to Congress.
He had not thought proper, nor, indeed, had the
opportunity presented itself, to offer the views he
entertained on that subject while it was before the
Senate, however deeply he was impressed with its
importance, as connected with the liberties and the
well-being of our citizens. The Senate, in its wis-
dom, may have acted correctly, but his opinions
were so much at variance with the policy of tiie
course pursued, that he would adduce some rea-
sons why he was inclined to believe that an error
might have been committed.
If they were to regard the privileges of this body
as sacred, and to hold that the members were not
subject to the ordinary influence of public opinion,
and if they were to enjoy the exclusive right to
restrict in others privileges indulged in by mem-
bers of this body, it would seem to him that they
were assuming a power that did not belong to
them, and that was nowhere given either by the
Constitution or the laws of the country.
This thing of "privilege" had never been defined
by any law of Congress. So far, then, as the rights
of individuals and the rights of members of this
body were determined, it was simply by reference
to precedents—and precedents derived from Eng-
lish laws and English decisions. If he apprehend-
ed aright the nature of the privileges conceded to
members of such bodies, it was that which secured
to them at all times the power of discharging their
duty. They were not liable to civil process so as
to prevent their attendance in this body. They
were not to be held accountable for any vote they
might give in this body on any subject. But he
could not conceive that the Constitution ever de-
signed to throw around any member of this Gov-
ernment a mantle to protect him against the ex-
pression of his own or the influence of public
opinion. The judicature of the country was the
proper resort for redress for libel. But if this
! vague and undefined privilege was to rest on their
I own opinion and their own decision, they became
| not only accuser, but judge, jury, and everything
I that was necessary for the infliction of punishment.
! In this case they had assumed all this power to be
! in themselves, while in fact they had no general
power or right to inflict any punishment on an in-
dividual. Had it not occurred to Senators, too, that
it was a dangerous exercise of power to punish an
individual for an offence which was not defined by
law > If they had a person bearing to them the
relation of contractor, and the Senate have excluded
■ him from their Chamber and the privileges he pos-
, sessed as such contractor, they must have some
. reason forso doing. And what was it? Was it that
i slanderous words had been published of the Sen-
i ate, and words abusive of its character and dignity?
! or was it that, having the power, they had exer-
■ cised the right of excluding their printer without
1 an investigation into the merits of the accusation?
i Certainly no investigation had taken place on
