222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 19,
29th Cong.....2b Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
written, he will have honorable mention as one of
her best friends.
And now as to the expediency of prosecuting
this war, or, what course is it the most expedient
for the Government of the United States to pursue?
This is a question which involves not only the
prosperity, but the honor and glory, of this na-
tion. Propositions have been made to withdraw
our troops to a certain line. This would be a line
of little less than two thousand miles for this
country to protect, which would be worse than the
invasion of Mexico. -Why, they would have liter-
ally to make the Rio Grande a fortification, requi-
ring, from thence to the Pacific, ten thousand men.
It would require a large corps of cavalry to guard
the caravan of supplies of the army stationed so
far from its resources. The supplies would have
to be sent by wagons, or on mules, and unless
the supplies were protcctcd, the army maintaining
the line would be liable to be starved out at any
time, and millions on millions would not be suffi-
cient to pay for the transportation alone. But be-
sides the danger of the supplies being taken by
hostile parties, the enemy could pass between our
stations into the interior at any time, unless we had
a large force of cavalry to pursue them. And when
we had congregated a sufficient force to repel an
invading army, the enemy could pass at other
points into the interior, or take garrisons which
had been weakened by the concentration of the
army.
Such a war, he was satisfied, would be inter-
minable. Why, how long was the war contin-
ued when there was the ocean, between Mexico
and Spain? He believed it was nineteen years
after the revolution before Spain recognised Mex-
ican independence. Nor would Mexico ever come
to terms unless we make her fee! our power. If
it were even possible to supply the line, as project-
ed, there would be a continual border war. JNo
soldier would ever be able to go out of the garri-
son, unless with a large body of troops. They
would not trust themselves in small parties, lest
they should be cut off by rancheros, who exercise
great vigilance and address. They are sagacious,
watchful, hardy, and enterprising. Rancheros on
the frontier correspond to the pioneers of North
America. They are good marksmen, and could
organize a very efficient force. But besides, this
line would be exposed to various Indian tribes—
to the Camanches, and others who occupy that
vast waste between the Rio Giande and the Pacific.
So that we should have not a Mexican at my alone,
but an Indian enemy, to combat,
He could not vote for a measure, therefore,
which embodied such a provision. If Mexico is
to be conquered and brought to terms—he would
not say uconquer a peace," but "a war"—it
must be by subduing her—by letting her feel our
superiority. Mcxico has not yet felt the calami-
ties of war. She feels that we have penetrated
into her country, but such is the humanity which
always will characterize our arms, that it is a less
affliction than she apprehended. Her people aie
becoming wealthy by the munificent means which
we dispense in the purchase of supplies, and hence
the inducement is to wish the continuance of the
war, rather than its termination. Should we,
then, forbear, in regard to the condition of a sister
republic? Should we not raise our hand against
Mexico because it is a republic? Why, what
kind of republican institutions were those of Mex-
ico? Whilst feeble Texas had maintained a gov-
ernment for ten years without a single convulsion,
how many had Mexico endured* In the last
twelve months, Mexico had had three revolutions,
he believed.
Mr. BENTON. She- has had seventeen in
twenty-five years,
HOUSTON*. And yet we are to regard
her as an organized Government, entitled to our
sympathies, and we are to withhold the infliction
of necessary and well-deserved chastisement!
He could not so regard her. If Mexico had an
established government—if her usurpations were
not now almost daily, and her acts of despotism
glaring and flagitious, he might feel for her some
sympathy. But when he saw her citizens de-
prived of their liberties—when he saw hor people
in a more abject condition than southern slaves on
plantations—he could not feel for her any sympa-
thy. He should rather endeavor to relieve that
lib- :
people from such a thraldom, and give them
erty while he chastised their despots.
Ar\ honorable Senator had alluded to their par-
tiality for the soil, and the respect they felt for the h
place where the bones of their ancestors were laid.
He had spoken of their patriotic throes. He .i
spoke of their remembrance of their Bunker Hills, ■ j
their Lexingtons, and their Yorktowns. Butwas j
it not sacrilege to the memory of our ancestors ||
thus to associate them with Mexicans? He de- |i
sired to be pointed to one field in Mexico which jl
would entitle her to association with the name of,!
Bunker Hill, or Lexington,or Yorktown, or any j|
other achievement of ours. Did perfidy give tri- i.
umph to our revolutionary fathers? Did cruelty jj
characterize their achievements? ' Where could a -j
parallel be found in Mexico to Bunker Hill? j
Would they find it in the consecrated soil of Tex- ,j
as ? He could not believe that our Revolution had f
been effected by acts which outrage humanity, or 'j
that our fathers had relied on duplicity, ambus- Sj
cades, and faithlessness, which characterized the
Mexicans. Would they go to the fields of Texas
to see how Mexican warfare was characterized?
What said Goliad? Did that afford a parallel to
Lexington? And the Alamo—what said the his-
tory of that memorable event ?
But to return from this digression: he could not j
j believe that peace could ever be brought about j
with Mexico until she had felt the calamities of
war. We must march, not merely to her borders ,
to annoy her there—for we should only add to the !
miseries of her inhabitants and the extortion of :
her rulers, by affording them a pretence for extor-
tion under the plea of necessity to defend the coun-
try—we must strike home. Let them know that
we are not warring against the rights of their citi-
zens—against the oppressed people of Mexico,
nor their priesthood, nor their religion. Show
them that you will respect then temples, treat their
images with deference, and, however much you
may differ from their religious opinions, teach !
them that they will be entitled to freedom of!
thought, and the most perfect liberty. Show them ;
that you only intend to chastise their tyrants and
oppressors. Go to their capital, and he would not
doubt of success in this war. If every thing has
not already been achieved, it is no reason why we
should despair of the most perfect success. We
can conquer Mexico.
Our squadron is sufficient to blockade the ports
of Mexico, and to exclude her from the benefits of
commercc, or to make her subsidiary to the reve-
nue of the United States. Penetrate into the inte-
rior with your arms. March on ! And if you
inflict a shock on the mind of Mexico, follow it up
with rapidity, and you will be able to dictate peace
in the halls of Montezuma, or wherever else you
please, even on the sacrificial stone in her capital.
He had been sorry to hear subjects and senti-
ments brought into this discussion which would
be calculated to animate Mexico. They had here
had descriptions of the climate which would dis-
hearten oui men, and discourage inlistments. They
had had vague fears expressed that our national
resources would not sustain the war. And these
were given as reasons why this nation should be
degraded by falling back upon a line of territory
less than that which she has claimed as her own.
Now, if they did not press on, they would afford
encouragement to Mexico, and dishearten our own
troops. He would not encourge the enemy by
depreciating our own means, or by undue sympa-
thy in the calamities of war. He would enter-
tain no sympathy with a nation which had no
self-respect.
Whatever is said here on behalf of Mcxico or
to the disparagement of the United States or her
capabilities, will have a deleterious influence on
the operations of war. If we encourage Mexico
by disheartening our own people—if we revive
their drooping spirits, nerve their arm, and ani-
mate their hopes, we shall find that the war will
continue interminably; but if we have united ac-
tion and councils in this nation, we shall not only
produce efficiency in our troops, and find that we
have ample resources, but produce a moral effect
on Mexico. Distraction here is encouragement to
Mexico. Dissensions here aie aids to Mexico.
No matter what the motive may be, such will be
the effects; and it is effects that we should regard,
Mexico is not insensible to the opinions of this
body. For the purpose of showing the influence
the debates here have upon them—not only upon
the political men of that country, but upon the
community at large—he would read an extract
from a letter written at^the National Palace of
Mexico in the month of September, 1843, by Mr.
Bocanegra to Mr. Thompson, then our Minister
resident there. He says:
"The undersigned hopes, with good reason, from the
principles of justice which oujlit to piesidw over the delib-
erations of the Congress of the United States, that it will
never listen to suggestions, nor to private inteiests, Uctii-
mental to the law of nations and international law; but as
it may happen that ambition and delusion may prevail over
public piopriety, that peisonal views may triumph over sane
and just idea<, and that the vigorous reasoning of Mr. John
Quincy Adams and his co-laborers may be ineffectual, how
can it lie considered stiange and out of the way that Mexi-
co, under ?>uch a supposition, should announce that she will
regard the annexation ol Texas as an act of declaration of
war?"
He had read this for the purpose of showing,
that whatever advocacy Mexico may receive on
this floor, or m our councils, either National or
State, it would have no beneficial result on this
country.
When the declaration of war was made by Con-
gress, it was almost as the action of one man. He
had hoped to see the unanimity preserved which
was manifested on that occasion. That unanimity
delighted his heart. He felt that we were then
united to redress the wrongs of the United States,
and to chastise Mexico into a determination to re-
compense us for the wrongs done to us, by hold-
ing her territory until she shall reimburse us that
which is due, and the expenses of the war.
And as to the subject of slavery, which had been
brought into this discussion, for one, he had to
say, that he anticipated nothing but evil from this
premature discussion of that subject. It was not
a question which necessarily grew out of the war,
or the general policy of the war. He regarded it
as an evil under which the nation labored; but it
was not brought on by ourselves, but by our an-
| cestors.
i He admitted that it was a question which must
I be some day met, but he trusted the intelligence of
i this nation would control all the evils connected
with it, and not justify the anticipation of disunion
amongst us. Disunion here? He "could not bear
the word. Let not the name of Texas, his home,
the last to be incorporated into this Union, ever be
blasphemed by the word " disunion." Let not the
Union be severed. The boon we possess is too
rich, too mighty, and too grand—the sum of hu-
man happiness we enjoy is too great, the amount
: of liberty is too precious ! This question was not
' raised for our good. Why, was not the North de-
pendent on the South? And was not the South
dependent on the North ? Would it not be to each
a suicidal act, and to both destruction ? Disunion !
It was a monster: and if he could, he would seize
upon its mane, drag it forth, and inspect its scales,
and if it had a penetrable spot, he would strike it
to the vitals. *
He relied on the intelligence of the country to
avoid that agitating question. He would postpone
it. It was an evil which ought not to be invited;
but when it shall come, let it i3e managed with the
judgment of reasonable men, and not by passion-
] ate excitement.
j He had been very sorry to hear the war de-
nounced as an unjust war, and as a small "war.
! He was not going now to debate that subject. He
; was, however, perfectly satisfied that the President
coufd not have pursued a course different from the
one which he did pursue. He should give the
President all the support which he deserved as the
Chief Magistrate of this nation. He is our mler
under the Constitution, and we enjoy the blessings
of that instrument under God. The President has
been placed at the head of this Government by the
voice of a free people, and he should therefore
give the President that aid which the necessities of
the country require, reserving to himself at all
times to inquire into the propriety of his proceed-
ings. It was a duty which they owed to the coun-
try to cooperate with and sustain the Executive in
the present crisis. So far as he had power to do
it, as a representative of a portion of the American
I people, he would do it for the honor of the coun-
j try. He would do it to enable the President to
secure the success of our arms. He would do it
i for the purpose of humbling Mexico, and produ-
