1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M3
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The President's Message—Mr. Root.
Ho. of Reps.
cing a peace as immediate as possible. He re-
garded the President of the United States as situ-
ated like Moses in the olden time. It was neces-
sary that Israel, that chosen and favored people,
should go to war with the Amalekites—for territory
he granted it was. Moses directed Joshua to select
chosen young men to go out and fight against the
Amalekites, and Mosesstood on the top of a moun-
tain to witness the battle, with Aaron and Hur.
And it came to pass that whilst Moses held up his
hand Israel prevailed, and when he let down his
hand Amelek prevailed. But Moses'hands became
heavy, and they took a stone and put it under him,
and he sat thereon; and Aaron and Hur stayed up
his hands, the one on the one side and the other
on the other side, and his hands were steady to the
going down of the sun. And Joshua discomfited
Amelek and his people with the edge of the sword.
So should we uphold the hands of our President,
and smite Mexico with the edge of the sword.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
SPEECH OF MR. J. M. ROOT,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
December 94, 1846.
The House, in Committee of the "Whole, having
under consideration the proposition to refer the
President's Message to the different commit-
tees—
Mr. ROOT rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: The remarks which I am about
to submit to the committee, will be directed to that
portion of the document under consideration which
relates to the war. I hardly know what to call
this part of the message. It seems to be intended
as an exposition, or as a defence, of the Presi-
dent's views and policy concerning the commence-
ment and prosecution of the war; and yet it is
manifestly imperfect as either. No one, 1 think,
can read the message without being convinced that
something has been kept back; that the President
must possess information which would shed light
on the motives which led to the commencement of
the war, and which he has not communicated to
Congress. There is mystery hanging over the
arrangement with Santa Ana, the object of the
" two million bill," and the attempt to establish
civil government over the conquered departments
of Mexico, which ought to be removed,and which
the President undoubtedly could remove. Still he
discloses enough to show, that in what lie has had
to do with the war, he has committed great errors.
I shall venture upon an examination of the sub-
ject with what light we have, for the country is
impatient to know more than seems likely to be
learned from the President, or his friends here, of
the origin, objects, and probable consequences of
this war.
The first question that I shall consider is, had we
good cause for the war against Mexico at the time
of its commencement? Sir, I invoke the scrutiny
of the Searcher of hearts, when I declare that I be-
lieve we had not. It may be that I hold extreme
opinions on this point. I confess that I regard war
as so dreadful a curse, so unconditionally con-
demned by the Chiistian religion—by Christ's own
words and example—that nothing short of the
sternest necessity can justify it in my opinion.
What causes of complaint did we have, or rather
what causes of complaint did we allege against
Mexico? That she" withheld the "indemnity"
which she owed, and had agreed to pay our citi-
zens was one. And itwas true. But had she the
means of paying the indemnity within the time
stipulated in the treaty i We all know that she had
not. This was waong in her undoubtedly. She
had no right to be so poor; but was her poverty
good cause for us to go to war with her? How
long must we fight her before she will be able to
pay her debts'1 She never denied them. She
never, like some other sovereign States, pretended
that her debts were unconstitutional. She was too
barbarous to know of that refined defence to an
action on a bond, called repudiation.
I may be told that she might have paid her debts
in land: but would our citizens, to whom she owed
money, have taken land in payment ? Perhaps our
Government would have received land of Mexico;
given her a discharge from the claim of our citi-
zens, and undertaken to settle with them: But
would the citizens have consented to such an ar-
rangement ? I do not believe that they would, nor
do I believe that they ever will, until the fate of
the "French spoliations bill" is forgotten. And
if they would have consented, would our Govern-
ment have taken the land of Mexico without her
rights of sovereignty over it and its inhabitants?
Certainly not. Ana how would it look in this
nineteenth century, and in this country, where we
profess to respect the rights of the citizen so much,
for Mexico to turn out her people and their land
in payment of her debts, they all the while protest-
ing against the transfer ?
Another complaint that we alleged against Mex-
ico was, that she would not settle the disputed
boundary between her territory and ours. Was
this quite true, or rather, was it the whole truth?
It was true that she had refused to treat with, or
even to receive, our minister, Mr. Slidcll; offering,
however, at the same time, to receive and treat with
a commissioner on the subject of the boundai y dis-
pute-, but our President insisted that she should
treat with a full minister, and of all matters of dif-
ference between the two countries, or not at ail.
Perhaps Mexico was wrong in this. I am not
well enough acquainted with the rules of diploma-
cy to decide the point; but I do profess to know
something of the human heart, and a President
ought to know enough of it to know, that the last
tiling that men give up is their pride, and the first
thing that they insist upon is etiquette. And so it
is of nations, sir. The stronger can well affoid to
yield to the weaker the point of etiquette, and cour-
tesy requires that it should; but we have made it a
cause of war against Mexico. But suppose that it
was not mere etiquette. Suppose that Mexico, in-
stead of offering to treat with a commissioner, had re-
jected your proposition altogether,and proudly told
I you, that until you could make a more reasonable
j one, alteittempts to effect a settlement of the bound-
| ary difficulty would be useless: would that have
j been a sufficient cause for war ? It might have been
1 as against Mexico, but it was not so deemed as
i against Great Britain. Our President boie ali this,
j and moie too, from the latter Power, with a pa-
; tience truly admirable. It is true, that he made a
' little bluster, just to keep up appearances, but at
i heart he was amicably disposed, and never required
to be put under bond to keep the peace towards
Great Britain. When Congress ceased to hold
him, he ceased to threaten fight. He only .said
that our dispute with that country must be settled
within % year, or he should maintain our rights in
Oregon; and by way of keeping his promise to the
letter, he accepted the first proposition for a settle-
ment that Gieat Britain made, by which he yielded
up to her an immense territory, to which he had
said that our title was clear and indisputable, and
which was all that there was really any dispute
about. Towards Mexico, however, his hearing
has been very different. She must settle all dis-
putes at once, with just such agents and on just
! such terms as he pleases to dictate, or he goes to
1 war with her. Why this difference m his manner
of treating with the two nations ? Is it because one
is powerful, and the other weak? or is it because
the territory in dispute with one must needs be
free, and that in dispute with the oilier would, if
he could get it, be slave territory?
In passing, let me ask how we came to have a
dispute with Mexico about boundary? Did we
not buy a quarrel witli her while we pretended to
be her friend? Among individuals this would
hardly be deemed honorable. Indeed, it appears
to me very much like what the lawyers call cham-
perty and maintenance.
We also alleged that Mexico had invaded our
soil and shed the blood of oui citizens upon it; in
other words, that Mexico had commenced the war
against us. This, sir, was a mistake. We all
know that the first blood shed in the war was shed
in the valley of the Rio Grande, oh the left or east
bank of that river. And there may be some doubt
as to which shed it, our troops or the Mexicans,
as both shed blood first about the same moment;
but I deny that this was on our soil, or that it was
the commencement of the war. What right had
we to the left bank of the Rio Grande, and how
did we come by it? We had the right of Texas,
whatever that was, and we obtained it from her,
and we had no other. Weil, what right had Texas
to it? Had it ever been ceded to her? Ho, nor
ever attempted to be by anybody having authority
to make the cession. Had she ever conquered or
revolutionized it? No. Had she ever extended
herjui'isdiction over it? Never. Then what right
had she to it? Why, she had claimed it, and that
was all. Gentlemen may say what they please
about Texas having run State and county lines
over this territory; about her including it in her
judicial, electional, or revenue districts; that will
not do, for there is not one of them who does not
know that she had never held a court nor served a
writ; that she had never opened a poll nor had a
vote; that she had never collected nor attempted
to collect a dollar of revenue; and, finally, that not
a man, woman, or child, who acknowledged her
authority, had ever resided in that territory, or
within fifty miles of it. And yet we are told by
the President and his friends that Texas had estab-
lished her jurisdiction overall the territory claimed
by Mexico east of the Rio Grande from its mouth
to its source. In another part of the message the
President tells us that Santa Fe is in New Mexico;
and he congratulates Congress and glorifies him-
self not a little upon the conquest of that depart-
ment from Mexico. We all know that Santa FS
lies on the east bank of the Rio Grande, and within
the territory claimed by Texas. J^Tow, fir, wijl
you tell me whether Santa Fe is in the State of
Texas or the Mexican department of New Mexi-
co; for it cannot be in both, the Piesident's mes-
sage to the contrary notwithstanding. Have we
not taken military possession of it, and are we not
holding it as a conquered country, and could we
do this if it were a part of one of the sovereign
States of this confederacy? It is not pretended
that Texas had ever extended her jurisdiction over
Santa Fe, and yet she had as much jurisdiction
over that town as she had over any other town or
place on the east bank of the Rio Grande. I am
as averse to quoting as anybody can be, for T can-
not help knowing how much my hearers lose when
I let anybody but myself speak to them withm my
hour, (and this 1 trust will be deemed a sufficient
apology to those gentlemen who tried, but whom
I would not permit, to interrupt me with their ex-
planations,) but I have an authority from so high
a source and so much in point that I will give it
you. I read from the "Austin Dcmocrat,''a news-
paper published in Texas, and, like everything
else there, thoroughly locofoco:
" If Santa F<5 is a province taken b}r fbroe of arm5? fioni
Mexico, so was Hie country between the Nueces and the
Kio Giaude; and the very moment General Taylor set foot
on the western bank of the former stteam, he committed an
aggression upon a foreign soil, and iiosttlely invaded a coun-
try with winch Ins Government was at pear-e. If Laredo
was ours, «o was Santa Fd; if Santa F6 was not, neither
was Laredo."
How will that do, sir? Is it not conclusive
against the assumption of the President, that Texas
had extended her jurisdiction up to the Rio Grande?
What riiiht had we there? Clearly none. Yet,
the President, of his own will, without consulting
Congress, though they were then in session, order-
ed our army to advance from Corpus Christi, in
the valley of the Nueccs, quite up to the Rio
Grande. General Taylor, in obedience to the or-
ders of the President, marched his army first to
the mouth of that river, and blockaded it, seized
Brazos de Santiago and Point Isabel, and then ad-
vanced up the river to a point opposite Maumoios,
where he erected a fortification and planted guns
so as to hear^n that town, and be in readiness to
batter it down. His army moved through the
peaceful Mexican settlements in warlike array,
and his scouting parties traversed the country
round about in search of Mexicans in arms. This
was of itself war, but this was not all. A party of
our troops fell in with a party of aimed Mexicans,
our men attacked them, they stood their ground,
and a sanguinary fight ensued, and then and thus
was the first blood shed in this wicked war. Did
the Mexicans invade our soil? jN;o, sir. They
were in their own country, their own homes.
They had been born there, and their progenitors
for four generations had been born,had lived, died,
and been buried there; and was it unreasonable for
them to suppose, that they had a right to remain
j there in peace? Is it wonderful, sir, that these
1 Mexicans, standing there before the dwellings of
