"234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 24,
29th Cong....2d Sess.
The President's Message—Mr. Root.
Ho. of Reps.
then-wives and little ones, in sight of the temples
where they had first worshipped the Living1 God,
and upon their fathers'graves, should lightagainst
those who came to vex them, -and make them
afraid ? I admit that they had good cause for war.
Away, then, with this pitiful pretence, that Mex-
ico invaded our territory and shed the blood of our
citizens on our soil. If our Anglo-Saxon propen-
sity to take the land of other people without their
consent, be too strong to be repressed, let us indulge
it after the old Anglo-Saxon manner. Let us come
oat boldly and tell Mexico that she has land that we
desire to have, and that, as she will not yield It up
to us peaceably, we will take it from her by force.
There never was an Anglo-Saxon land robber,
from Hengist down to the pettiest marauder that
ever frightened the women and children of a hamlet ;
on the seacoast, who would not have scorned to j
go to war upon such a pretence as we have gone j
upon.
The President having, as I trust I have shown,
commenced the war without the authority of Con-
gress, it follows, of course, that he committed a [
palpable violation 6f the Constitution. I am aware I
that Congress have passed an act of indemnity
against this usurpation of their jftst authority, and '
have even, so-far as'they Could, laid the blame of
the war on Mexico, by declaring-that it exists by
her act; but this cannot alter the fact, nor deceive
history. No, sir. Her stern record will tell the
truth, let it afford "aid and comfort" to whom it
may.
I will next inquire for w'hat is the war waged?
Not for the conqucst of territory, but for peace,
says the President. For peace, indeed ! Why,
sir, he was the first to break peace. But for him,
we should have had peace now. We have never
had any war with Mexico but such as he has
made; and there has never been a day since it
commenced that it would not have ceased, if he
had ceased prosecuting it. That tale will not do,
sir. Well, what next? 0,it is prosecuted to make
Mexico pay the "indemnity" to our citizens, and
also the'expenses of the war. What has she to
pay with ? Nothing but land. You have taken
five of her departments already; and you are going
on to take more as fast as you can. We are told by
a half dozen of the friends of the President in this
House that the territory conquered is never to be
given up to Mexico; and by another, who is under-
stood to speak the President's sentiments exactly,
[Mr. Stanton,] that he who does not see that Mexi-
co is shortly to be annexed to theUnited States,can-
not read aright the signs of the times; and yet, sir,
we are told m the same breath that the war is not
onj of conquest. What in the name of common
sense is it then ? Suppose you were to wage a
war expressly for conquest, in what would it dif-
fer fiom this > In nothing, sir, but in being called
by its right name, wheieas this goes under an as-
sumed one. But, sir, lest somebody might be de-
ceived as to the true character of the war, the
President's Secretary, (Maicy,) who is in the habit
of putting all the items into his bills by their true
-names, writes to Colonel Stevenson on the 26th of
June last, as follows ;
" War Department, June 26, 1846.
II Sir: The President having determined to send a regi-
ment ot volunteers aiound Cape Horn to the Pacific, to be
employed m pro-«ecutfhg ho-mlines in some province of
Mcxico, probably in Upper California, lute authorized me to
say, that it' you will oijramze one on the conditions herein-
after specified, and tendei its services, it would be accepted.
It is propet it should be done with the consent of the Gover-
nor of New Voik. The Piesident expects, and indeed re-
quires, that gieat caie thonld he taken to have it composed
ot suitable peisons—I mean of good habi0—-a< fnr as prac-
ticable ot various puiMiit^, ontf tuck <is uould Ke li/ccly to re-
main, at the eml of the vu.r, either in Oregon or in any other
teiritory in that- region of the glohe vhich may then he a pait
of the United Plates. The <\c-t of the 13lh of May l.i«?t au-
thorizes the acecptance, of volunteers for twelve months,
or duniiG tnc war with Mexico. The condition of the ac-
ceptance in this case miM b" a tender ot service during the
war, and Jt must he explicitly understood that they mav be
discharged, without a claim for returning home, wheiever
they maj be serving at (he termination of the war, provided
it js in the then teiritory oi the United State.*-, or may be
taken to the nearest or most convenient territory belonging
to the United States, and there discharged.
__"The men must be appuzfd that their term of service is
for the war; that they aie to be discharged as above speci-
fied! and that they are to he employed on a distant service.
It is, howevei, very desirable that it should not be publicly
known or proclaimed that thev aie to go to any particular
place. On this point great caution is enjoined
" The communication to the officers and men must go so
far as to remove all just grounds of complaint, that they have
been deceived in the natttre and the place of the service.
" It is expected that the regiment' will he in readiness to
embark as early as the first of August next; if practicable,
steps will be i mm*, diatoly taken to provide for transporta-
tion. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
« VV. L. MARCY, Secretary of War.
"'Col. J. D. Stevenson, New York c%."
Would it not be trifling with your patience to
take up time in comments on this letter? I should
feel mortified if there were in my district a school-
boy who could fail to understand it on reading it
once. •
Permit me, Mr. Chairman, next to inquire, how
much farther you will prosecute the war? Ac-
cording to the rule you have adopted of charging
Mexico with the costs of the war, the longer you
go on with it, the more reason there will be for
continuing it; certainly, until your bill amounts
to as much as ail the land in Mexico is worth.
When your bill gets up to that amount, you ought
not to prosecute the war farther, unless for some
other reason. Well, sir, the thought has occurred
to my mind, that your bill is large enough already.
It depends a good deal on the manner in which
you make up your account of the cost of the war.
Do you intend to charge Mexico merely with the
money and property that you expend and lose, or
do you mean to debit her also with the men you
lose ? Will you take strict account of the dollars
paid out, the vessels lost and damaged, the horses
killed and foundered, and say nothing of the brave
fellows who fall before the cannon and the pesti-
lence? I do not believe that you mean to make
any account of them. If you did, you would keep
a better account of them. You would take more
pains to ascertain who fall in battle, who die in the
hospitals, who are missing. Rut, sir, if I am in
error; if you do intend to charge something for
them, how much will it be? flow much land?
[A voice, " one hundred and sixty acres !"] That
will not do, sir. The question ought not to be
submitted to this House; it is not tit to decide it.
Go ask the childless mother, go ask the widowed
wife, go ask the orphan children, of one^pf those
poor fellows, how much Mexican lancThe was
worth. I will abide their decision. Sir, if you
charge Mexico with the men we have already lost,
you will have a claim large enough to take all her
territory, though it were ten times as broad as it
is. No, sir, Mexico is not able to pay for them;
yet they must be paid for, every man of them, and
at their full value, and you must do it—ay, you—
the authors and promoters of this war; and though
their Kindred may not be able to bring you to ac-
count, be assured that He, without whose knowl-
edge not a sporiow falls to the ground, will.
Mexico may not submit readily to your demands;
and if she does not, what will you do-—go on con*
qucring her departments, and slaughtering her
citizens? Suppose you do, and suppose that you
drive the last remnant of her people within the
walls of her last city; suppose that when you offer
" capitulation," she should have enough of the old
Castilian spirit left to reply, " War to the knife,"
and her priests should divest themselves of their
sacerdotal robes, ahd hallow the defensive war by
their participation as well as by their prayers; and
hertflaughters should cast their golden ornaments
into the crucible to come forth bullets, and them-
selves help to speed them to the hearts of our
countrymen, telling them,m derision, to take freely
what they so much covet—I repeat, what will you
do? Will vou exterminate the Mexican race,
without regard to age, sex, or condition? Will
you make the land desolate, that you may take
it to yourself? When you contemplate these things,
do you ever remember that God is just?
What will you do with the territory that you
conquer from Mexico ? What will you do with
that which you have conquered ? Will you hold
it under militaiy sway, or will you establish civil
government over it5 If you only cxercise military
authority over it, you must respect the rights of
the citizens; you must leave the laws and munici-
pal regulations precisely as you found them at the
conquest; you have, in short, no right to do more
than defend yourself. This would be but a sorry
indemnity for the expense of the war, and you will
not be content with it. Then you must establish
civil government over the conquered territory.
How will you do that? By your President, and
his pachas of more or less tails? Sir, you cannot.
The President has no other than military authority
over this territory, and all the acts done, and at-
tempted to be done, by himself, his generals, colo-
nels, and commodorts, looking towards the estab-
lishment of civil government—such as appointing
civil magistrates, enacting tariffs, ordering elections,
&c., &c., are merely void. As to their attempt to
annex the territory to the United States by procla-
mation, it would be ridiculous, if it were not so
strongly indicative of the spirit in which this war
was commenced and is prosecuted. Civil govern-
ment can only be established over the conquered
territory "by the sovereign, that is to say, the legis-
lative authority of this country, which can only be
exercised by Congress, and Congress cannot do it
until, either by a treaty or by a law, it is incorpo-
rated into, and made part of, the territory of the
United States.
I am aware of the attempts made by honorable
gentlemen to justify these acts, or rather to find au-
thority for the President and his inferior officers to
perform them. A gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Seddon] looks into the Constitution, and though
he is not able to find exactly where the authority
is, yet he comes to the conclusion that it is there
somewhere. Satisfactory—very.
Sir, when an abstractionist, or strict-construc-
tionist, if that be the better term, fails at a glance
to find in the Constitution authority to do any-
thing that he wishes to have done, you may safely •
conclude that he has an ugly case in hand; but I
am not compelled to rely on this reasonable pre-
sumption; for the gentleman from South Caroliha,
[Mr. Woodward,] who belongs to the same
school, frankly admits that no such authority
exists m the Constitution. I should not expect the
gentleman from Virginia to give up his opinion for
that of any common man; but when 1 bring anoth-
er strict-constructionist—an older, if not a better
one than he is himself—who denies his doctrine,
I contend that his opinion ought to go for nothing.
The gentleman from South Carolina, though he
' confesses that the Constitution gives the President
no authority to do these acts, still insists that they
were not unauthorized. He derives the authority
from the fact of war, and says that it is incident
to conquest; that the conquest places the Presi-
dent (he being the conqueror, I suppose) in loco
parentis to the people of the conquered territory.
This is a new loco for Mr. Polk to be in, I should
judge, from the antics that he plays over his bant-
lings. I fear that his parental fondness is a little
indiscreet, and will require to be restrained, to
prevent it from spoiling the children. Seriously,
sir, the authority for which the gentleman contends
is nothing but military authority after all; and I
tiust that. I have already shown that military au-
thority is incompetent to establish civil govern-
i: ment over the conquered territory.
\\ Another gentleman from Virginia, also of the
ji strict-constructionist school, [Mr. Bayly,] reads
i| from a book an opinion of Sir William Scott, or
!' Lord Stowell, as he is sometimes called, in which
jj that learned judge held, that in a case where a
! sovereign had in war conquered an island from
! another Power, he might, before the end of the
' war, establish a civil government for it, or even
f cede it to a third Power—subject, however, to the
' losing state's right to reconquer it if it could. And
I then, sir, as if he had put an end to the question,
j he asks, who will controvert this authority? I
I need not. With deference to the-learned gentle-
] man, I humbly conceive that it is not a casein
| point. Perhaps it might be if our President were
| a sovereign, which he happens not to be by the
| Constitution, whatever he may be by the sufTer-
: ance of Congress.
• It is a great pity, Mr. Chairman, that all the re-
i search and eloquence of these gentlemen have been
! thrown away. Since their opinions were formed,
i the President has sent a message to Congress, by
| which he disclaims, in good part, these very acts
i which they have so warmly approved and so ear-
: nestly defended. Still the gentlemen occupy no
! bad position. They have the free choice of stand-
j ing by their respective opinions, or of excusing
! them, as the President excuses the acts of his offi-
: cers in attempting to establish civil government
I over the conquered territory, and as the gentleman
. from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] excuses the Pres-
ident for sending the aimy to the Rio Grande, by
' attributing them to an excess of patriotism. Hap-
; py party I—happy in your leaders, whose failings
' 3ven " lean to virtue's side."
