1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The President's Message—Mr. Root.
That last message, Mr. Chairman, was a little
the queerest document that I hav'e seen since Mr.
Van Buren'stime. I was long the admirer, though
never the political friend, of General Jackson, and
the quality for which I admired him more than any
other was this: whenever he got into a scrape, or
got his friends into one, he never dodged. No,
sir, he stood up like a man, and looked the trouble
square in the face, and not unfrequently he looked
it out of countenance. This, sir, was " Old Hick-
ory;" but his immediate successor in office was
another kind of man. He was one of those who
seemed to think that he should escape danger if he
should shun it: and hence, during his administia-
fion, if any of his measures proved unpopular—
and there were many such—we all remember the
celebrated militia bill—he dodged behind his Sec-
retaries; his Secretaries caught the trick, and dodged
behind their clerks; and the clerks dodged behind
their insignificance—political insignificance I mean.
When "Young Hickory" went to the White
House, the spirit of 14 Old Hickory" did not go
with him, but the spirit of Kinderhook—no, of
Lindemvold, did, and has abode with him ever
since. Mr. Polk's first dodge was on the Oregon
question; then he dodged behind the Senate. His
next was on the tea and coffee tax; then he dodged
behind the "free list." And his last dodge is on
this business of setting up civil government in the
•conquered territory; here he dodges behind Mr.
Marcy, Mr. Marey dodges behind General Kearny
and Commodore Stockton, and it remains to be
seen whether they will dodge at all or not. I am
inclined to think that they will not, but that profit-
ing by the example of Mr. McLane m the Oregon
business, they will come out, and tell precisely
why they did as they have done. That would
put the President in another pretty fix—" Nous
verrons
Since the President has abandoned the defence
set up for him by his strict-constructionist friends,
other gentlemen, the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Seaborn Jones] among the rest, have tried to de-
fend him in another way. They call one witness
to prove a good private character for him. 1 admit
the respectability o'f the witness; but, sir, he was
not cross-examined, nor was the direct examina-
tion full enough to be satisfactory. They manage
these things better out West. There, when a law-
yer, whose motto is "never say die," happens to
have an unfortunate client who, somehow or other,
has fallen under the suspicion of the grand jury,
and no other defence can be made for him, he
summons a lot of witnesses—three will do, though
more are better—a "colonel," a " squire," and a
" deacon," are indispensable, though they may be
as ragged as prairie colts, and wear noses as red as
beets. The amount of their testimony usually is,
that they are acquainted with the accused, and, for
aught they know, his character is as good as that
of men in general. Then the lawyer, by way of
securing the confidence of the jury, very ingen-
uously admits, that his client is placed in rather
suspicious circumstances; still he insists that it is
preposterous to suppose that a man of his high
standing in society could commit such an offence
as he is charged with. The thing has been known
to take in some of the oldest settlements, though
not often. It is in law, what the Cesarean opera-
tion is in surgery, never to be resorted to except in
the most desperate eases. The President's friends
know, better than 1 do, whether it is a defence
well adapted to his case.
What will you do with the Mexican people (if
you conclude to spare their lives) in the conquered
territory after it shall be annexed? By every
principle of national law and of justice, you will
be bound to respect their rights of property, and
to admit them to the rights of citizenship and of
suffrage. If you leave them in the enjoyment of
their property, you will get little to pay the ex-
penses of the war with; for, if you do not already
know, you may as well be told, that there is in
Mexico hardly such a thing as public domain.
All the valuable lands have long since been granted
to individuals, and the grantees will hold them,
unless you disregard all law and all right. And if
you admit the Mexicans to citizenship, what kind
of fellow-citizens will they make for us? Three--
quarters have either Indian or African blood m
their veins, and all hate us and our institutions.
Will the sullen Mestizo,
15
New Series ..No. 15.
" Wnhin whose heated bosom throngs
The memory of a thousand wrongs," J
be likely to feel any great love for that country I
which has blotted his own out of the map of na- j
tions? Will he not seek to poison, through the j
ballot box, the power which he could not resist on !
the battle-field ? Dare you say you mean to make
a slave of him ?
Mr. Chairmans when you come to annex the
conquered territory to the United States, another
question will have to be considered and decided—
Shall it be free or shall it be slave territory? And j
here, and now, I propose to say something on this >
question. I shall, I trust speak with candor, but '
I mean to speak with freedom. So long as you !
confined this question of slavery to the States, I
admit that Congress could rightfully have nothing
to do with it. But, sir, you have not kept it there.
You have brought it here, and made it one of na-
tional concernment. It lies at the foundation, and
enters into every part of the superstructure, of this
war; and I do not feel called upon to make any
excuses for discussing it, so far as it is connected
with the subject in hand. The people of most
(I will not say all) of the free States are resolved
to prevent the annexation to this Union of any
more slave territory, if they can. You may call it
fanaticism, or treason, or, what some gentlemen
seem to regard as worse than either, federalism; it
will not change their determination, nor distract
them on this question. They will be united as one
man, and they expect their Representatives to
carry out their views in good faith. When the
question of annexing more slave territory comes
before this House, northern Representatives must
be here. It will not do to be sick, nor to have a
family sick, nor to go abroad on business then.
They must be here in their places, and they must
vote, and they must vote right. They must dis-
regard the "gag." They must disregaid the
"organ." They must disregard the "party."
Wo to the northern Representative who should
prove recreant, or falter on that question. Mr.
Polk has not a land office so far in the wilderness,
a suhtrcasury so deep and strong, nor a mission
so distant, as that it will protect him from the
wrath of his constituents. It will follow him to
his grave, and his children to the fourth genera-
tion.
While I say this, I admit that the people of the
South are equally determined not to have territory
adjoining any of the present slave Slates annexed j
as free territory, and that their Representatives !
here will be equally firm and equally faithful in !
their endeavors to carry out the will of their con- j
stituents. I do not blame them for this. I only re- i
gret that the North has not always had Representa-
home, and who are so silent here, may learn, at
last, and to their sorrow and shame, that they have
been lying a little too low; that whilst they have
been chuckling to themselves over future" Wilmoi
amendments," a scheme has been concocting else-
where for annexing and opening to slaveholdmg
and slavebreeding emigrants territory, on our-
southwest border, large, enough to make a dozen
States as large as Indiana. Thay-may be awaken-
ed some morning by the sounds of rejoicing over
the ratification of a treaty accomplishing all-this,
without their advice, or consent, or even know-
ledge. What will they do then ? It will be too
late to " look to the Senate, "and " Wilmot amend-
ments" will be of no avail. Then, sir, the anti-
slavery war men may go hang. Let them look to
this in time.
I do not know that I should have sought an
opportunity to address you, but for what 1 haves
heard from different parts of this Hall, as to the
position that the Whig party occupies in relation
to this war with Mexico. I am willing that ever^jr
member of this House should think, speak, and
act for himself, on this and all other subjects that
come before it for consideration; but no gentleman
is authorized to think, speak, or act for me. If
what I lfave said and done respecting the war is
not sufficiently indicative of the position that I
occupy with regard to it, I will say that I stand on
my own footing, all alone, for aught I know or
care. As I understand the Whig Qreed—the old-
Whig creed—I am a Whig and nothing else; but'
if new doctrines, which may obstruct the path of
my duty to my country or my constituents, are
interpolated into that creed, I care not by whom it
j is done, I will trample them under my feet. I
j know the will of my constituents on this subject,
I and with God's help I will do it. Yet, sir, I have
i given them no pledges—they have given me no
I instructions. Had they supposed that I needed
| them, they would not have sent me heie. They
: are freemen, and whilst I hold a seat in this Hall,
: they shall have a free representative—free to speak
and to vote, free to approve or condemn, as my
i judgment and conscience dictate. No views of
1 party expediency shall prevail with me to assist or
j consent to Mexican throat-cutting, or to let it pass
I nncondemned. The Administration shall no more
! commit me to their bad war measures, than to any
i other of their bad measures. Their needless war
! shall not gag my mouth, nor constrain me to vote
| them money which I would withhold from less
pernicious uses. Other gentlemen must do as they
see fit. I claim no right to be even heard by them*,
and still less do I claim the right to expound the
Whig creed for them; but I submit whether a
gentleman, who has never yet been able to give a
tives as faithful, and as united to support her j; better reason for voting for the war than that it
was wrong, sholild take upon himself to say what
1 the Whig party, or all but a very small portion of
the Whig party, will do in relation to the war.
This* is no time to vaunt our patriotism or to
! bestow hollow praises on our country. He who
' can do this in a republic would not hesitate to
! play sycophant to the throne in a despotism. Sir,
! if you wish to show your devotion to your coun-
j try, warn her boldly of her errors and her danger,
j and exert yourself manfully to bring her into the
: path of rectitude and safety. Such is the conduct
that distinguishes the friend from the flatterer in
interests on this floor, as the South has had to sup
port hers. But, sii, when this conflict comes, as
come it must, if we annex any moie territory on
the Southwest, what will be the consequcnces?
Whichever interest may prevail, the slaveholding
or non-sloveholding, the whole country will be
convulsed, and this Union will be shaken to its
foundations. The question will not admit of com-
promise; and, if it would, there is but one man
who could effect it, and he will not be here. He
gave you timely warning of this danger, but you
disregard the warning, and are plunging upon the
danger. I would avoid it in the only way in which private life; and I know not why a different rule
I think it can beavoided. I would stop the acquisi- '! should prevail in political life.
tion of territory. I would stop the war. I would ,i For my opinions and votes on this subject, I
save the Union from the perils that even now i have been denounced as an enemy to my country,
threaten it. | The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Gordon,]
I fear that the two wings of the " Democratic" 1 at the last session, led off in an attack on the " four-
party in this House are in danger of entrapping teen," immediately after the war bill passed. This
themselves, whilst they suppose they are setting ' so endeared him to his constituents that they have
traps for each other. I suspect that the southern ■ taken him to themselves. After the third of March
wing overrate the influences at the other end of j | he will be wanted at home, and we -must give him
the avenue, the power of the " gag," and the ful- up, The same charge was made against me before
minations of the "organ;" and that they under- / my constituents, and then I did what I would scorn
rate the strength of the memories of their northern .! to do hcie—defended against it. I have had my
brethren. They may rest assured that the northern ' trial before the onjy earthly tiibunal whose juris-
Locofocoes have not forgotten the scenes of the diction I acknowledge, and their judgment of ap-
' proval has been passed upon my course, and I had
! supposed that there was an end to the slander.
! But not so. I had hardly taken my seat in this
' Hall at the commencement of the present session,
, before it was reiterated. And by whom, sir? I do
i not know. I am unwilling to believe that the Chief
Baltimore Convention, and that the game played
there can never be played but once successfully
upon the same men. On the other hand% our anti-
slavery war Locofocoes of the North, who go for
prosecuting the war vigorously, but are opposed
to the annexation of any more slave territory, who
were so loud in. their denunciations of slavery at s> Magistrate of my country had anything to do with
