APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 5,
29th Cong 'in Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Milliard.
Ho. of Reps.
it, although it is contained in his annual message.
The author of the pitiful calumny—for pitiful it is
in itself, and pitiful for being sneakingly insinuated
instead of directly charged—ought to have sought
some other channel through which to communicate
it to the public than the President's message; he
ought not to pollute our State papers? with such
filth; that is what I complain of. The President
Ought to look to his messages better. He ought to
be more cautious as to whom he suffers to write in
them. Unless he is, he will, ere long, bring re-
proach upon his high office. There are people
simple enough to think that he writes his messages
himself, and those who know better, think that he
ought to read them over carefully before he signs
them, to see if anything has crept in that the suc-
cessor of Washington ought to be ashamed of.
If I thought that the President had himself in-
serted this stale slander in his message, J would
ask him if he thinks such a charge comes well
from a man, who, according to his own confes-
sion, conspired with Santa Ana for the return of
himself and a retinue of some forty Mexicans, im-
bodying more of ability and disposition to do harm
to this country at this,time, than all the rest of the
Mexican nation. And I would ask him further,
if he thinks that it was honorable, after*engaging
in such a conspiracy, to betray his accomplice to
the Mexican nation, who, if they believed the in-
former's tale, would hang his accornplicc on the
first tree in their way. I might also bo tempted to
ask him whether it was quite statesman-like, by
his disclosures, to place Santa Ana under the sus-
picion of the Mexican nation; so that however well
inclined he might be to treat with this country for
peace, his own safety would forbid his making any
recommendation of a peace policy to his country-
men. But, sir, I doubt whether he would compre-
hend such a question, and I think I should not ask
it.
 j Congress at the opening of the session, and ad- j; If the question were now presented to me be-
jj dressed both Houses in person. Tt was usual, too, ( tween peace and war, I should undoubtedly be in
I! for each House to reply to the speech of the Presi- |j favor of peace. But 110 such election is presented
™ ...... ^ ug^ The spectacle before us is a war in pro-
'I gress; our own country on one side, a foreign
dent; and this afforded the opportunity for discus-
| sing with freedom the executive measures. At the
i opening of the session of Congress in 1801, Mr.
| Jefferson adopted, as more convenient, the practice
I of sending a message to the two Houses; and
| a^hough this form of Executive communication
| made a reply unnecessary, yet we are informed
| by the parliamentary history of the period, that a
> very animated debate took place on the topics it
contained. I trust the day will never come when,
: m this Government, such freedom will be denied.
; A French king once said, "I am the State;" but
' a President of the United States can use no such
' language. He occupies, it is true, an elevated and
t very influential position in the Government, but
the severest examination of his course in the exer-
I cise of his functions, in whatever direction they
| may be put forth, is consistent with the purest
I patriotism.
! While, then, sir, 1 claim for myself, and for
other gentlemen of this House, the privilege of
discussing Executive communications with the
greatest freedom, it is not my purpose to enter at
large upon an examination of the message which
the President has lately sent to Congress. There
are, however, some subjects which it brings before
us, of such magnitude, and which must so largely
affect the character and happiness of the country,
that I cannot consent to let them pass without
giving my views of them. We have reached an i
important point in our history. We are at war. I
For once I believe in the existence of a crisis. It I
is not that there is anything portentous 111 the ele- !
ments which surround us—the nation with which i
we are at war is a feeble one, and we have nothin
country on the other; our own country, at every
step which our armies take, holding forth an offer
of peace, an offer which the enemy as yet have
shown no disposition to entertain. This is enough
for me. I range myself on that side on which I see
the standard of my country. Over the troops now
in Mexico floats the same standard which was
borne through the storms of the Revolution; it was
often dimmed with the smoke of battle, hostile
bayonets bristled about it, and sometimes seemed
to surround it and overbear it, but it emerged from
I that long and fierce conflict covered with the light
| of victory. Who is willing to see that banner giv-
i ing back before the enemy, or trailing in the dust?
j Who does not desire that, it may be borne in tri-
j umph on whatever breeze it may be flung? I am
j sure that every gentleman here exults in its tri-
: umphs.
! The fleets which now blockade the ports and
j cruise along the coasts of Mexico bear the same
j glorious flag that streamed from the masthead of
1 the Constitution when she carried the thunder of
j our arms to distant seas, anil spread dismay among
! the enemies of our rising commerce, or, guarding
j the line of our own coast from the ravages of a
i formidable foe, rushed down triumphantly upon
j her prey. So long as that flag is flying, no matter
J under what sky, American hearts will mourn over
its reverses, and rejoice in its triumphs.
The question before Congress is, "Shall we
prosecute this war?'' On that question I cannot
hesitate for a moment. The Constitution has con-
ferred on Congress the prerogative of declaring
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. H. W. HILL1ARD,
OP ALABAMA,
In the House of Representatives,
January 5, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under con-
sideration the bill to raise, for a limited time,
an additional Military Force, and for other pur-
poses—
Mr. HILLIARD rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: The debate which arose upon
referring the President's message to the several
committees took so wide a range, that I forbore to
take any part in it, but preferred rather to wait
until some practical question should come up which
would afford better ground for what I desire to say.
Such a question is now before us, and it involves
the same topics. I do not wish to be understood !
as complaining of the spirited and interesting de-
bate which 1ms already taken place; I only regret 1
the asperities which, in too many instances, have ;
marked it on both sides. In all constitutional gov-
ernments, where the representative principle is 1
recognised, great latitude of debate must be allow- 1
ed. The spirit of liberty will make itself heard :
wherever it exists. It spoke out in the stormy
debates of the ancient republics, and it has often
shaken the throne and arrested kingly power 111 '
England. In the language of Burke, " something :
must be pardoned to the spirit of liberty." The j
course of executive power must be boldly survey- !
ed; it ought to be. Even in royal governments, 1
where it is usual for the monarch in person to I
address the legislative bodies, it is customary, in I
discussing the reply to the speech from the throne, I
for the widest latitude of debate to be indulged in, ■
and the utmost freedom of remark is permitted
without complaint. I11 England, especially, the {
reply o.f Parliament to the royal speech usually '
manifests the highest degree of jealousy 011 the
part of that body for the" rights 'of Englishmen, i
And shall we, who profess to have yet larger views \
of public liberty, attempt to restrain the utmost j
latitude of remark on the course of those intrusted i
with power? Certainly not. Previous to Mr. Jef- i
ferson's time, the American Presidents came to '
. to fear from her arms. But a question, which was ji war. We have recognised the war, and by that
I started at the close of the last session, and which ij vote we have made the Chief Magistrate respon-
J has already been revived since the commencement ji sible for the mode of conducting it. So long as the
of the present one, is sufficiently ominous.* Like ji President is thus responsible, by the theory of our
a sea-bird di lven far inland, it may be a messenger j; Government, he is charged with the conduct of the
which gives notice of the coming tempest. This li war. He is invested with ail the authority which
question grows out of the great topic presented in !j belongs to that important station. It is for us to
the message—the war; and it is here in this Hall, j. say how for we will go in voting supplies; and it
where we have heard some extraordinary declara- !| must be a great crisis, one such as I have never
tions made in connexion with it, that I desire to j yet seen, and which has never occurred in our his-
speak of it. I do not wish to precipitate this great j tory, which would warrant me in refusing to vote
question; it ought not to have been brought here; ii them. Other gentlemen must of course decide for
1 but as it is here, it must be met. This Halt should ij themselves; these are my convictions. I shall,
therefore, while I should he happy to see this war
brought to a speedy and honorable termination,
continue to sustain the Government in its prosecu-
tion till such terms of peace as we ought to accept
can be secured. I trust, too, that this will be the
sentiment of the whole country. So far, the pro-
gress of the war has been marked by a self-sac-
rificing and patriotic spirit, which illustrates our
free institutions, and by victories as remarkable
not be converted into an arena for hot controversy,
j by bringing for discussion here a subject which
; docs not fairly come within the range of our de-
I liberations, and which must shake, not only this
1 Capitol, but this Republic.
But first, as to the war. This is the great theme
of the message—the prominent colossal figure in
the foreground of the picture—about which the
other objects are grouped in humbler and smaller . tree ins
proportions. I suppose it must be so; our foreign ;i and brilliant as any which history records. What-
relations, with the single unhappy exception re- jj ever regrets may be felt at the interruption of the
ferred to, are all of the most amicable kind; our !' long carccr of peace which our country has en-
internal tranquillity^ is perfect; the vast resources !! joyed, we have at least gratifying proof that it has
left no enervating influence on the national charac-
i ter.
' But we must not lose sight of the objects of the
war. Every war has its object. In our two con-
tests with Great Britain, we had great objects be-
fore us. The war of the Revolution was under-
of our country are in a course of prosperous de-
velopment. There is but the one check to our
prosperity; but for this, the President informs us,
the public debt would have been discharged, and
we might now have been engaged in plans for
increasing the happiness of our" people, and ad-
vancing in our high career of civilization. But, j! taken in defence of a great principle. The spirit
though it must be admitted that war is a calamity, j! of liberty revolted against taxation, which was too
yet I cannot bring myself to agree with those who ■ light to be felt as a burden, but which was too great
think tt best to ari est all our movements against ^ a violation of principle to be borne by men who were
Mexico. ^ I concur in opinion with a distinguished jealous of the encroachments of power. "They
i snuffed oppression in the tainted gale." They
j; struck for freedom, and in the mighty struggle which
h ensued they had the sympathy of mankind. The
j contest undertaken for liberty, ended in mdepen-
j denee. In the later war with that Power, the ob-
1 ject was the immunity of our flag. We undertook
I to maintain that doctrine so important to a free com-
! mercial state, that those who sailed in an American
j ship should look to the flag that floated over them
menced, shall we sustain it, or shall we let it go ji for protection, and lind in its sanctity security
down ' Shall we infuse new vigor into the war, [I against arrest by any Power, upon any sea where
by voting the men and the money asked for, or ii it might be borne.
shall we withdraw all suppoit from the war, and What is the object of the present war? The in-
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. J. M. Clayton.]
who, some days since, took occasion to say, that
he was decidedly in favor of sustaining the Gov-
ernment in the prosecution of the war. My hon-
orable friend from Philadelphia [Mr. ,T. R. Isger-
soix] has avowed the same determination. I do
not see that any other course is left us. The ques-
tion is not now, whether we shall plunge into a
war or not; the question is, a war havingbeen com
arrest it before it has accomplished its objects '
*Tbe Hon. Mr. Wilmot's resolution as to slavery, and
the Hon. Mr. Pkssto.n King's bill and speech 011 the same
subject.
violability of our soil, and redress for past wrongs.
Whenever Mexico shall be disposed to yield these,
we are bound to accept them. Till then, we ought
not to hesitate a moment, not only to hold what
