1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-28$
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Milliard.
Ho. of Reps.
we have obtained, but to make, if necessary to the !
attainment of these objects, still stronger demon- j
strations. Until the objects of the war are accom-
plished, we must prosecute these objects. But we i
owe it to ourselves, more even than to Mexico, to !
take care that these objects are not lost sight of in |
the heat of the contest. !
I trust we are not carrying on a war for aggran- j
dizement; if so, we should have selected some other \
adversary, and not have made the point of our lance !
ring against the shield of our weakest neighbor. 1 1
Nor is it a war for the acquisition of territory;
we do not wish to strip a feeble State of her pos- i
sessions because we are stronger than she. But I
until Mexico gives some unequivocal sign that she j
is willing to grant us an honorable peace, the war [
must be continued, and ought to be prosecuted with i
the utmost vigor. I would not be understood by |
this to mean that I favor any particular plan for con-
ducting the war; I simply desire to say, that such J
wise and energetic measures ought to be adopted \
as will save us from the evils of a protracted con- !
flict. There is much wisdom in the advice of Polo-
 ius to Laertes:
"< Beware
Of entrance to a quarrel ■ but, bem^ in,
Bear it, tliat tlie opposer may beware of thee. j
If from the heavy cloud which overspread Mexi- j
co I could see the dove of peace coming to us, bear- j
i«g but a single olive leaf in her mouth, I would !
most gladly hail her approach. But in the absence j
of any such pacific sign, I hold that we are bound,
as a nation, to prosecute the war.
We ought not to strike with a view to dismem-
ber the possessions of a weaker people, but our ,
operations ought to be characterized by unfaltering j
energy, and by such a putting forth of strength as |
shall teach those against whom they are directed j
that it is their interest to seek a speedy peace. I j
would accept the first sign of such a disposition on
the part of Mexico, and so far from degrading or
crushing her, 1 would meet her with the most gen-
erous terms. They should be marked by the mag-
nanimity of a great nation treating with a weak
one.
Through this war, then, we desire to reach a
peace. The President avows this to be the pur-
pose of the Government in carrying it on. This
is well. It should be so conducted as to leave no
room for doubt upon this point. It ought not to
appear, that while we profess to seek to tranquillize
our frontier, to fix our boundary with a neighbor,
and to redress acknowledged wrongs, that there is
a deeper and concealed object. Are there any in-
dications of a lust of dominion in this war? Are
there any features in the events which have occur-
red in its progress which may be misunderstood?
I am not, in a factious spirit, about to inquire
whether the President has transcended his author-
ity. I have a loftier purpose. It is comparatively
a small question how the Administration has used
the power intrusted to it, except as its acts affect
the character of the country.
I propose to inquire whether anything has oc-
curred which exposes us to the charge of enter-
taining the purpose of wresting provinces from
Mexico by strength, and holding them as perma-
nent acquisitions against her consent. Ajiy early
instructions which look to this object, or any sub-
sequent violations of the law of nations which go
to show such a purpose on the part of the Admin-
istration, must dishonor our national character and
impair our strength. If this be the object of the
war, then js it diverted from its true and legitimate
purpose. For the time being, the President has
the conduct of the war under his charge. The
question is, whether the instructions he has caused
to be given, and the events of the war, disclose or
not a purpose of conquest, and the permanent ac-
quisition of territory.''
I shall speak to this question in a spirit of fair-
ness, not, as I have already said, with the view
of inquiring whether the President has abused his
functions, but in the hope of doing something
towards arresting a tendency in our affairs, which,
if it is permitted to go on, must prove alike fatal
to our national character and to our free institu-
tions.
Let us examine the instructions which those
who were sent out to conduct this war took with
them. I find among the papers sent to us by
the President, in answer to a resolution of this
House, moved by the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] a letter from the Sec-
retary of War, addressed to General Kearny,
under date of June 3, 1846, and marked "Confi-
dential," from which I will read a single signifi-
cant paragraph:
" You may assure the priople of those provinces that it is
the wish and design of the United States to provide for them
a free government with the ieast pos&ible delay, similar to
that which exists in our Territories. Th«y will then be
called on to esercise the richts of freemen in electing their
own representatives to the Territorial Legislature. It is
foreseen that what relates to the civil government will be a
difficult and unpleasant part of your duty, and much must
necessarily be left to your own discretion."
How was this discretion employed? In decla-
ring that the conquered provinces were annexed to
the United States, in subverting the existing civil
governments, and in devising and proclaiming a
new, large, and complicated system of civil gov-
ernment, looking evidently to the permanent incor-
poration of the whole territory into the American
Confederacy. He seemed to comprehend the full
scope of the meaning of the Secretary of War, that
they should be provided with "a free government
with the least possible delay;" and certainly no
government was ever organized with greater expe-
dition than that which this victorious general set
up in New Mexico. Even Ariel, doing the bid-
ding of Prospero, hardly displayed more swift
obedience.
Not only was this free government provided for
the inhabitants of those remote regions, but they
were assured, under instructions from the same
high quarter, that they would soon "be called on to
exercise the rights of freemen in electing their own
representatives to the Territorial Legislatures." It
is impossible to overlook these things, and they do
seem to disclose the existence of a scheme for the
conquest and permanent acquisition of feriitory at
that early day.
I shall now turn for a moment to the instructions
from the Navy Department, and the operations 1
under them. The Secretary of the Navy, in a let-
ter dated June 8, 184G, and addressed to Commo-
dore Sloat, wiites:
In like manner, if California separates herself fiom our
enomy, the Central Mexican Government, and establishes a
government of its own, under the auspices of the American
; flag, yon will take such measuies as will best piomote the
| attachment of the people of California to the United State?,
( will advance the prosperity, and will make that vast region
a desiiablo place of residence /or emigrant;- from our soil."
How evidently the permanent occupation of that
vast region, by emigrants from our soil, seems to
be contemplated. This idea is strengthened by
pursuing the instructions given at a subsequent
date, July 12, 1846, from the same Secretary to
the same officer:
"The object of the United Stafe<< lias reference to ulti-
mate pcaee with Mexico; and if at thnt peace tlie basis of
the uti possidetis shall bo established, rhe Government ex-
pects, through your forces, to be found in actual pos*es>jiori
ot Upper California."
The instructions from the same department,
addressed to the senior officer in command of the
United States naval forces 111 the Pacific Ocean,
look to the same result. They are dated August
13, and begin as follows:
Commodore : The United States being in a state of war
by the action of Mexico, it ^ desired by the prosecution of
hostilities to hasten the return of peace, and to secure it on
advantageous conditions. For tlu-> purpose, order? have
been ^iven to the squadron m ihe Pacific to take and keep
possession of Upper California, especially of the port-* of San
Francisco, of Monterey, and of San Diego; and also, if op-
portunity ofier, and the people favor, to take possession, by
an inland expedition, of Puehla dc lo  Angelos, near San
" "On reaching the Pacific, your first duty will be to ascer-
tain if tliese orders have been earned into effect. It not, you
will take immediate possession of Uppe; California, espe-
cially of the three poifs of San Francisco, Monterey, and
San Diego; so that, if the treaty of peace shall be made on
the. basi* of the uti'possidetis, it may leave California to the
United Stales."
Here is a full and unequivocal avowal of the
wish of the Government to have the operations
against California so conducted, that when a treaty
of peace is made with Mexico, if the basis of the
uti possidetis shall be established, we may be left in
possession of that important and coveted territory.
That this basis would be urged by our Govern-
ment, can hardly be doubted, for it would leave us
in possession, not only of all our own territory,
but of vast acquisitions from Mexico. Let us add
to these instructions one more paragraph, hardly
less significant than those already read, from a let-
ter addressed by the Secretary of the Navy to Com-
modore Stockton, and I do not see how any one
can resist the conclusion, that from the very com-
mencement of these hostilities with Mexico, the
permanent acquisition of vast territorial possessions
was distinctly in the view of the Administration:
"You will, therefore, under no circumstances, voluntarily
lower the flag of the United States, or relinquish the ac-
tual possession of Upper California. • Of other points of the
Mexican territory, which the foices under your command
may occupy, >ou will maintain the possession or withdraw,
as in your judgment may be most advantageous in prosecu-
tion of the war."
But of California, the possession was not to be
given up under any circumstances whatever. I do
not undertake to say whether the acquisition of
California, 01* any other of the Mexican posses-
sions, te desirable or not. I am inquiring into the
purpose, on the* part of the Government, to hold
these provinces as permanent conquests. X pass
over the extraordinary proclamations published to
the inhabitants of California, from the sea and from
the land; the one professing to issue from the
" Commander-in-chief of the United States naval
force in the Pacific Ocean," and the other dated in
the City of Angels, from the " Commander-in-
chief and Governor of the Territory of California,"
and am willing to rest the case upon papers emana-
ting from those who hold a confidential relation to
the Executive.
But, sir, whatever are to be the results of the
war, it ought not to be carried on so as to violate
the law of nations. That code is not to be disre-
garded; it is sacred, and ought to be solemnly ob-
served by us and by all other nations.
It is not a collection of abstract essays 011 public
questions of right and wrong. This is a law which
is never silent; it speaks in the midst of arms. It
is as diffusive as the air we breathe; it spreads it-
self, by a sort of omnipresence, overland and sea.
Taking its rise in a sense of right, which even in
early times was powerful enough to vindicate itself,
it has gathered new strength with the advance of
civilization, and it is attended in this age by sanc-
tions which no people may disregard. Gustavus
Adolphus, m all the wars which Tie undertook for
1 civil and religious liberty, carried the book ofG-ro-
tius with him as his guide. We should be always
ready to do this law homage. It realizes Hooker's
noble description of law in general: " Of lav& there
' can be no less acknowledged than that her seat is
1 the bosom of God, her voice the harmony of the
'world; all things in Heaven and earth do her
* homage; the very least as feeling her care, and
' the greatest as not exempt from her power,"
Now, what is the language of this law in regard
to the rights which result trom conquest? Vattel,
who has been referred to more than once in the
course of the remarks which have been made 011
this subject, says:
" The conqueroi who takes a town or province from his
enemy cannot justly acquire over it any other rights then such
as belonged to the sovereign against whom he has taken up
arms. War authouzes him to possess himself of what be-
longs to hi* enemv; if he deprives him of the sovereignty of
that town or piovmce, he acquires it, such as it is, with
all its limitation* and mollifications. Accordinply, care is
usuallv taken to stipulate, both in particular stipulations and
in treaties of peace, that the towns and countries ceded shall
retain all their liberties, privileges, and immunities."
This is the extent of the rights which the con-
; queror acquires over possessions which the oppo-
sing sovereign held in subjection to his authority,
but which did not fully belong to him; and it is the
same ri^ht which a successful invader acquires over
cities or provinces which he overruns, but which
are not regarded as permanent acquisitions, " to
be thenceforward united with the new States."
« But if the conqueioi thinks piopcr to retain the sover-
eignty of the conquered St.iie, and has a light to retain ft,
I the same puneiple* mu^t ai«o determine the manner m
: which he ir> to treat that State. If it is against the sovereign
' alone that he has just cause of complaint, reason plainly
evinces that he acquires no othei rights by his conquest than
i such as belonged to the sovereign whom he has dispossessed;
| and, on the submission of the people, he is bound to govern
I them according to the laws of the State."
i Now, sir, this defines precisely the extent of our
rights over those Mexican States which are occu-
i pied by our armies. We have expelled the sover-
! eio-ntv of that nation from those territories, and.we
: have acquired it. We hold the supreme power
i there, and the people, having submitted to our
j arms' are " to be governed according to the laws
| of the State."
