APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 5,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Milliard.
Ho. of Reps.
The argument made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia |Mr. Bayly] on this subject is an able one;
.but he misapplies the law, which he very correctly
lays down. He says: " We acquire the rights of
the conquered nation, whatever they are," and
quotes from Wheatofi in support of his proposi-
tion. No one will question the authority or the
law, which asserts, that " the right of the State to
its public property or domain is absolute, and ex-
cludes that of its own subjects as well as other
nations," and which defines the national proprie- .
tary right in respect to those things belonging to
private individuals or bodies corporate within its
territorial limits, as absolute, as far as it excludes
other nations, and as only paramount in respect to i
members of the State. The other doctrine, too, !
which has been laid down, that of the " uti possi- '■
detis," will be as little questioned: ' ,|
"The existing state of possession is maintained, except
so far as altered by the terms of treaty. If nothing be said f
aliOut ttio conquered countries or places, they remain with !
the conqueror, and his title cannot afterwards be called in j
question." i
But, sir, this law applies to the rights acquired I
by the conqueror over the property found m the i
conquered territory, whether public or private, and j
determines the results which would follow the con- j
elusion of a treaty of peace under a certain state I
of facts. It does not touch the question of political j
rights, immunities, and privileges. The question !
is, when the conquered sovereignty gives back be- !
fore the advancing conqueror, and retires from the
territory in dispute, to what does the conqueror ,
succeed? To the rights of the conquered sover- j
eign; that is, to the right of administering the gov- [
ernment of the conquered territory while he holds !
it. But is the civil government to be subverted,
and all existing internal laws to be displaced, and ;
principles and forms which the conqueror may !
happen to think good to be imposed aibitrarily ;
upon the inhabitants of provinces temporarily sub-
jected to his power ? |
This is the point to be regarded; for, I repeat, ]
the question as to property does not come up here; j
it is a question of political right—a question of far |
higher interest and importance. i
When the gentleman from Virginia comes to j
speak of our dute in respect to the country now j
held by military occupation, he insists that "we I
' are required to establish temporary civil govern- !
' meMs, or rather 'quasi' civil government's—civil
'in their form and rules of proceeding, and mili- '
'tary in their origin; established to''protect the;
' rights of persons and property of the vanquished :
' during the military occupancy of the country, i
' The right, nay, the duty, to establish such gov- j
' ornments, involves the right to determine upon its 1
'form. What it shall be, is purely a matter of ex- !
• pediency and convenience. Upon principle, it :!
' would seem that it ought to be assimilated as ;
' near as possible to the forms of the conquering !j
' nation. As in all wars by land, the acquisition H
' of territory is looked to as piobable, the sooner j
' the people aie introduced to the form of govern- 'j
' ment under which they are in future to live the li
' better. And the vanquished have no right to com-
'plain, but rather to be grateful when the form ;;
'adopted is not worse than the one superseded. <
' And even when it is worse, they must submit to ;!
' it as the fortune of war." !
I must dissent from all this. I cannot admit that :i
these principles apply to our rights over theMexi-!'
can territory now held by our arms. They apply !;
to complete conquests and permanent acquisitions, i
not to such as are held in temporary possession
merely. :
Vaite), in laying down the doctrine, expressly i''
refers to a conquered town or province which has
passed " into the power of the conqueror. Thence- :
'forward united with the new State to which it'1
' belongs; if it be a loser by the change, that is a i
' misfortune which it must wholly impute to the '
'chance of war." When does the right thus to l>
treat the conquered territory arise ? When, in the :!
language of the same writer, "by the treaty of
' peace, or the entiie submission and extinction of li
' the State to which those towns and provinces be- i1
'longed, the acquisition is completed, and the,!
' property becomes stable and perfect." I!
. ^ leadily admit, that if a conquered possession
is to be permanently held and incorporated with 'i
the territory of the conquering nation as its own, <'!
the conqueror has a right to extend his own laws
over it absolutely; but not when the tenure is tem-
porary only. In that case the country must be
governed by the subsisting laws. Those who so
hold it are not to expel the system of laws which
existed there before it came into their possession.
A gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes]
promptly put this matter in its true light; and an-
other gentleman from the same State [Mr. Wood-
ward] has clearly and forcibly exhibited the law
of nations upon the subject.
It may well be remarked here, too, that it is not
for the conquering general to say what shall be the
form of government of the country which he has
seized. He is bound to maintain his military oc~ i
cupation of it; but he can do no more. Nor can
the President provide a civil government for it, for
he merely holds the supreme command of the
forces; it is for this Government, acting through
its several departments, to establish Irws over it. !
These principles are not contradicted by the de- !
cision of the Supreme Court in the case of the Urn- I
ted States vs. Rice, which has been referred to. j
The question involved there was one bf property, j
as affected by a change of sovereignty, not a ques- j
tion of civil liberty, or of political rights. The
facts were these: (xoods were imported into Cas-
tine in September, 1814, during its occupation by
the enemy, and remained there until its evacuation.
Upon the reestablishmcnt of the American Gov-
ernment, were they subject to duties imposed by
our revenue laws* The Supreme Court declared
they were not—upon the principle that the sover- !
eignty of the United States over the territory in
possession of the British troops was suspended, and ,
the inhabitants passed under a temporary allegiance
to the British Government, and were under such !
laws as they chose to recognise and enforce. j
The proclamation of General Harrison has been !
referred to, but there is a broad contrast between I
that document and the proclamation of General
Kearny. I feel a profound interest in the memory
of Harrison; it is consecrated by good deeds, and
has received the seal of death. A long life, mark-
ed at every step by purity m his personal relations,
and by his respect for public law, was closed in
the midst of the gratulations which greeted him
from all parts of this great republic, on the occa-
I sion of the most astonishing political victory which
j the annals of this country can show.
< In referring to his proclamation, dated 17th Octo-
ber, 1812, we find no subversion of subsisting laws;
no appointment of judges, attorney general, sher-
! ills, and a hundred other officers; no new and com-
; plex system of laws instituted. True, the com-
j missions of nil magistrates were suspended, but j
; their authority was still continued under that of
! the United States. In taking possession of Upper
Canada, he said to the inhabitants:
" Thf district is now in Hip quiPt possesion of our troop.?;
if becomes neee -.sary to provide lor its gov eminent; therefore
wo hereby proclaim and make known, thnt fho ri£l)t« and
puviieyes of the inhabitants, and the laws and customs of
the country, as they existed, or weie in force at the period
of om ai rival, shall eontmue to prevail."
Had a course like this been pursued, we should
have been spared the present controversy. The
spectacle would not have been presented to the
world of our indecent haste to provide new forms
of government the moment we had obtained pos-
session of one of the provinces of our enemy.
I have thus, sir, endeavored to present the real
question, which is not whether a milder or harsher
form of government has been introduced by our
army into the Mexican States which we hold in
subjection, but whether the occupied provinces are
regarded and treated as permanent conquests al-
ready annexed to this country. It is not my ob-
ject to cast any censure either on the President or
his officers; but the instructions to which I have
referred, and the disregard of obvious principles of
international law, seem to disclose the purpose of
making this a war of conquest. Indeed, some gen-
tlemen upon this floor, friends, too, of the Presi-
dent, do not hesitate to avow that it is such. Among
other significant declarations on this subject, a gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Gordon] informed
us some days since, that they intended "to keep
what we have." Against this rising lust of domin-
ion, we ought at once to take a position and set up
a standard. If it should spreadand gather strength,
it will prove fatal to our free institutions. Our very
successes will ruin us. Cicero attributes the de-
cline and fall of the Roman empire to the oblivion
of the great principles which they had recognised
in their earlier days and humbler fortunes. In the
early extension of her power, she became, in his
language, " the patroness, rather than the mistress
of the world." All this passed away with the tri-
umphs of Sylla. Our Government is one of con-
sent; it rests so lightly upon its citizens that its
weight is not felt. If we should become engaged
j in wars for the extension of our sway, overrunning
j neighboring States, and bringing into our Confed-
j eracy a reluctant people, the whole character of our
: political system will be changed—it will be convert-
j ed into a colossal despotism, and we shall furnish
j another grand and instructive, but unhappy, in-
j stancc of the failure of institutions intended to pro-
• vide for the protection of human liberty.
" Snoh is the moral of all earthly tales;
'Tis but the same rehearsal of the past,
Fir- t. lreeflom nmi then ejory; when that fails,
Corruption, Uavery, barbarism at last;
And history, with ail her volumes vast,
Hath but one page."
I am not averse to the extension of the territory
of the United States, nor do I feel ort that subject
tile apprehensions which haunt the minds of some
gentlemen. Such is the elasticity of our federal
system of government, that it may be extended
over any space, great or small. It resembles the
fabled tent in the Arabian Nights, which could
cover with its folds few or many. Steam and the
magnetic telegraph overcome space, and bring to-
gether remote parts; but if territory is to be ac-
quired, let it be in a legitimate way, by purchase,
j or by the coming in of a neighboring people who
I have attained a high degree of civilization. If our
institutions are to extend themselves, let it be by
their own inherent and peaceful power, not by the
aggressive force of arms. Our national character,
and the purity of our-political system, are of far-
more consequence to us than any amount of terri-
tory which we can acquire.
There are other topics to which I must now
turn. The gentleman from the State of New York,
to whom I have already referred, [Mr. Gordon,)
informed the House that " the people of the Uni-
| ' ted States meant to hold on to California; they
i 1 meant to conquer it, and hold it, and make it a per-
! ' manent acquisition. That was what they meant
* to do with it. The President neither meant to doa
' nor had he the power to do anything as to the dis-
' position of our conquests. Gentlemen might be
' very Sasy; in due time the American people would
' take proper care both of California andNewMexi-
' co. Of one thing they might be assured—those
'provinces never would return to Mexico again."
This is explicit enough, and we ought to feel un-
der obligations to the honorable gentleman, who is
a member of the party now m power, for an avowal
so frank and unequivocal, Not content, however,
with enlightening us as to the objects of the war,
he proceeds to inform us upon " another subject,
'and one of no trifling moment. The people of
' the United States—a vast majority of them, at
' least—were not only for the war, and for retain-
1 ing this conquered territory as an indemnity for
' the robberies and spoliations of Mexico, but they
' meant to make it a free territory.."
Such, then, is a bold declaration of the purpose
to hold New Mexico and California as permanent
acquisitions, to be incorporated with this Confeder-
acy, and to exclude slavery from the whole terri-
tory.
In the same spirit another gentleman from New
York [Mr. Preston King] brought forward yester-
day morninga measure, which looked to theacquisi-
tion of territory from Mexico, and which provided
for the total exclusion of slavery from it; and to-
day, taking advantage of the permission which the
House granted him to make a personal explana-
tion, lie has spoken at length upon this subject,
insisting upon the permanent annexation of new
territory, to be hereafter converted mto free
Statf.s.
I regret the introduction of this subject. It is
impossible to overlook the danger which it brings
with it. Gentlemen belonging to the party in
power insist, that this war shall be converted into
a war of conquest; that large and important States,
stretching through several parallels of latitude,
shall be torn from Mexico, and incorporated into
our Confederacy; that peace shall be made upon
no other terms, no matter how ample the remu-
