'230
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Jan. 6,
-&9th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. C. B. Smith.
Ho. of Reps.
their own officers. Under the provisions of this
bill, the officers will be appointed by the President,
and this vast increase of executive patronage, I
humbly conceive to be the chief object of the bill.
Is not the patronage of the executive department
of the Government already sufficiently overgrown?
Has not its influence already been sufficiently
baneful ? Has it not already exercised a control
over every other department of the Government?
Has it not controlled the legislation of Congress?
Has it not stifled the voice of ftmonstrance, and
changed the opinions and the votes of members of
this H<
louse? But no, I will not say their opin-
ions; for I have seen the votes of members changed
while their opinions remained unchanged. The
vast influence of executive pationnge has been
such, that that department now overshadows and
controls every other department of the Govern-
ment. And yet we are asked still further to in-
crease it, by giving to the President the appoint-
ment of some five hundred additional officers.
These officers will be appointed, whether the men
are inlisted or not, and the people will be required
to support officers for the ten regiments, while
there will not be privates sufficient to fill one-half
of them. With the appointment of these officers
in his hands, the President will find no difficulty
in securing the passage of such measures as he
may desire.
But, Mr. Chairman, the restriction of the "hour
rule" forbids that I should devote further time to
the consideration of this bill. We are engaged in
committee in the consideration of the state of the
Union, and I desire to express my views of the
existing state of our public affairs. I should be
happy if, m doing so, I could find something upon i
which the mind could .dwell with satisfaction-
some interest of the people, the prosperity of which
might form an exception to the general disasters
in which we are involved.
No one, however strong and zealous a friend of
the President, or however servile he may be in
aiding to carry out his measures, can fail to see
that the Government is daily and hourly sinking
under the utter imbccility of the Administration
which controls it. Contrast the condition of the ]
country this day with that which it exhibited but
less than two years ago. The present Adminis-
tration came into power, less tlmn two yeais ago,
by a majority of the popular votes. Every depart-
ment of the Government was controlled by its i
friends. It found a treasury full to overflowing—
a revenue ample for all its wanls—a national credit ]
unimpaired—with a surplus of near ten millions 111
cash to meet any exigencies which might arise. J
The nation was at peace with all the world, while
domestic prosperity and happiness marked every
class of the people. Two years have not elapsed
since that fatal 4th of March, and what, sir, is the 1
condition of the country now5 The ten million j
surplus which we then had has been wasted and ;
spent; the treasury, then so full, is nowemptyand
bankrupt; the revenue which we then enjoyed has
been cut down and diminished; the national credit
has been so impaired that the obligations of the ]
Government are hawked in the money markets,
while no purchasers are found, except at a sacri-
fice; a national debt is already accumulating with
fearful rapidity; the peace we then enjoyed no !
longer exists; but war, " grim-visngedwar," is now
demanding its sacrifices of blood.
Extraordinary efforts have been made to stop
discussion and prevent an investigation of the
causes of the war. The friends of the President
insist that we shall make no inquiries into the
causes which have produced it. They desire us
to sit quietly in our seats, and sanction, by our
votes, all that the Executive has done, or may pro-
pose to do. If the Constitution has been violated;
if the Executive has usurped powers which are -
not delegated to him by the Constitution; if he has :
made war upon a foreign nation, on his owh re-
sponsibility, and without the sanction of Congress, '
no complaint must be made, no alarm must be
sounded, under the penalty'of being charged with
giving " aid and comfort" to the enemy. History
proves that, in all ages of the world tile advocates
o" tyranny have resorted to the cry of " treason"
to prevent inquiry into the acts of an usurping
Executive. When Patrick Henry, one of the ear-
liest and ablest defenders of civil liberty in America,
was denouncing the tyranny and usurpation of
George III. in a Virginia House of Delegates, he
said: " Csesar had his Brutus, Charles I. had hia
Cromwell, and George III. may"—but before he
had time to finish the sentence, the panderers of
the Crown shouted " treason, treason." The same
cry is heard now, and with the same object, to si-
lence inquiry into Executive usurpation.
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Gentry,] has been denounced with a degree of
bitterness but rarely witnessed in the discussions
of this Hall, because he has spoken in plain and
pointed terms of the course of the Executive in
relation to the war. With what propriety can the
President or his friends complain of any animad-
versions upon his conduct, when he has so far lost
all self respect, and all regard for official decorum;
has so far degraded the high station to which he
has been elevated, as to attempt to stifle discussion
upon his official acts, by charging those who ex-
press their honest opinions of his conduct with
giving " aid and comfort" to the ene'tny ? Does it
become him to complain, who, in advance, and
for the purpose of preventing any examination of
his measures, has dared—ay, dared, to brand as
traitors, a minority of this House ? Sir, I should
consider myself and those with whom I am politi-
cally associated, as deserving the reprobation of
the country, if we should neglect to rebuke this
insolent assumption of the Executive, and expose
to the country his unconstitutional usurpations.
But, sir, we are told that it indicates a want of
patriotism to inquire ljow into the causes of the
war. A want of patriotism! Sir, is there no pa-
triotism but that which delights in blood and car-
nage? Can lov^of country only be exhibited in
urging our Government to overrun a foreign coun-
try? to sack and pillage the towns and cities of a
neighboring republic? to desolate and lay waste
the provinces of other nations > I have supposed
that our patriotism could be vindicated by a dif- |
ferent, a higher, a nobler course. The strongest
claim to patriotism is evinced by an effort to keep
our country in the right—to preserve unsullied its
fair fame—to cause it to be respected abroad—to
maintain in their purity the institutions of a free
Government—to guard and preserve our Constitu-
tion, the palladium of our liberties, fiom the rude
assaults of an usurping Executive. The friends
of the President insist, that however proper in-
quiries into the cause of the war maybe hereafter,
they should not be made now. Wait till the war
is over before these inquiries shall be pressed. Yes,
wait till Mexico is conquered—wait till one-half
her territory is annexed—wait till thousands of our
brave volunteers perish in battle, or die under the
influence of a foreign and deadly climate—delay
your inquiries until a national Hebt shall be accu-
mulated, which will tax the energies and resources
of our children to pay it—ask no question concern-
ing the war, its beginning, its objects, and aims,
until we shall have brought disgrace upon the na-
tion in the eyes of the civilized world; and then,
after years of fighting, of suffering, and sacrifice,
of national humiliation and disgrace, if the war
shall then be ended, we may bo permitted to in-
quire of our rulers, how and for what object the
war was commenced? This seems to be the sen-
timent of the friends of the President in this House.
Such a sentiment might be indulged by the slaves
of a despot, but it ill becomes the Representatives
of a free people. Shall the mariner, when he sees
the vessel in which his life and that of all the crew
is embarked plunging madly upon the breakers
through the wickedness or unskilfulness of the
pilot, sit still and hold his peace? Shall the pa-
triot, when he sees his country hurried on in a
career which can lead only to rum and disaster by
those who have been placed at the helm, forbear TO
raise his warning voice while warning may yet
avail ?
Sir, now is the time to press these inquiries.
The people have a right to know how this war was
commenced, and for what object it is to be contin-
ued. The President, in his annual message, has
entered into a long and labored defence of the war.
Much as that instrument has been lauded by his
friends, I cannot but believe, that when viewed
through any other than a party medium, it will be
regarded more like the speech of a bar-room poli-
tician upon the hustings than such a State paper
as should emanate from the President of the Uni-
ted States. The effort to go behind the real cause
of the war, and direct the attention of the people to
pretended causes which have had no agency in pro-
ducing it—the long recital of wrongs and injuries
perpetrated upon our citizens by Mexico, intended
to inflame our people against that country, and, if
possible, excite something like popular enthusiasm
in regard to the war—the labored attempt by the
suppression of important facts, and the statement
of matters which are not facts to piove that Texas
extended to the Rio Grande—the effort to forestall
all inquiry, by the charge of giving " aid and com-
fort" to the enemy, prove a consciousness that his
own conduct is indefensible, and that he desires to
mystify the truth, and direct public attention from
the real point in controversy.
It is not denied that Mexico has done great
wrong to our citizens by injuries to their property;
but no one will contend that these wrongs have
produced this war. Why, then, are they urged
by the President and his friends as an excuse for
his conduct? It is well known ^to every gentle-
man in this House, that these spoliations have
been provided for by treaty with Mexico, and the
amount of money which she should pay as an in-
demnity specified and determined. Thereare other
claims not embraced in that treaty ; but a subse-
quent treaty has been entered into, which provided
for the organization of a joint commission to as-
certain their amount. Our own Government has
refused to ratify that treaty, as it was made by our
own minister. Mexico has paid us a portion of
the money provided for by the treaty, but a part
she has neglected to pay. Is it for the neglect or
refusal to pay this money that we have commenced
this war? Are the friends of the President wil-
ling to rest his justification upon this ground ?
What would be thought of England, if she should
' make war upon us for the neglect of many of the
States of this Union to pay the money which they
owe to her citizens? Shall the creditor extort
froiyi the heart of his debtor his lifeblood, because
he refuses or is unable to pay his debt? Such was
the demand of Shylock. " A pound ofjlesh nearest
the heart" was the stipulated penalty for the non-
payment of the bond. Shall this nation adopt
this policy, and, because Mexico cannot pay the
money, like Shylock, demand her blood?
The President has referred us to the messages of
General Jackson, in which he complained of the
injuries committed by Mexico. But yet, although
no treaties for indemnity had then been made, Gen-
eral Jackson never recommendud a declaration of
war. Sir, the debts which Mexico owes us, and
the claims of our citizens for indemnity, are not
the cause of this war.
The original cause which led to the war is to be
found in the annexation of Texas. That meas-
uie was opposed by me, as well as by most of the
political party with which I am associated. We
believed then, and we warned the country, that
war would be one of the evils which would follow
in its train. Subsequent events have shown how
much there was to justify these forebodings. I
say he're in my place, that I regard the annexation
of Texas as the greatest calamity which has ever
befallen this nation; and I fear that we are but be-
ginning to reap the bitter fruits which must result
from it. The blood which has already been shed in
this unfortunate war will never be compensated by
all the benefits we shall derive from Texas.
But, even after the annexation of Texas was
consummated, war with Mexico might have been
avoided, with prudence and discretion on the part
of our Government. But the President, not satis-
fied with Texas and its legitimate boundaries, and
as ifintent upon involving the country in a war at
all hazards, ordered our army to advance and take
forcible possession of a portion of the Mexican
territory to which we had no claim. This act was
the commencement of the war. The President be-
gan the war when he sent the army to the Mexi-
can settlements upon the Rio Grande, and drove
the Mexican people from their property and their
homes.
The President has attempted, in his message, to
answer this allegation, by the assertion that Lou-
isiana, as we purchased it from France, extended
to the Rio Grande; from which he assumes that
Texas had a good title to the Rio Grande. It
matters not what may have been the boundary of
Louisiana; by the treaty of 1819 we ceded all the
country which we owned west of the Sabine (which
