234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 4,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. McGaughey.
Ho. of Reps.
The past, therefore, contains a precedent by which
we may judge of the future. Let us look to and
examine it. When Mr. Van Buren came into
power, as President of the United States, he found
the Government free from debt, with a la*ge sur-
plus of money in the treasury beyond the wants
of the Government. During *his Administration,
very material reductions were to occur in the rate
of duties on imported articles, under what has been
commonly denominated the compromise act, and,
without entering into minute detail, I state the fact
to be undeniable, that from the extravagance of
the Administration-, (connected with the falling off
of the revenue, occasioned by the reduction which
took place in the rates of duty,) Mr. Van Buren
retired from office after having squandered the sur-
plus which he found in the treasury, and also all
of the revenues which came into it during his term
of service; and, still worse than all this, he left as
a legacy to the^Vhigs, who were his successors, a
debt of near twenty-three millions of dollars.
The Whigs then (as they will in all time here-
after) came into po'wer at a most unfortunate pe-
riod. Locofocoism had governed the country
until it had reached a condition so low, that loco-
focoism could govern it no longer. The Whigs
found the treasury then, as it is now, empty and
in debt. Something was then" necessary to be
done speedily to relieve both the people and the
treasury, because it was extremely difficult to de-
termine winch had suffered the most by the politi-
cal quackery with which the country had been
dosed. In this state of things, the Whigs attempt-
ed to relieve themselves of Mr. Van Buren's
legacy of debt by borrowing the money to pay it
off. They concluded that they would first borrow
the money and pay off the debt, and then lay such
a tariff on foreign imports as seemed to be de-
manded by the wants of the treasury and the
country. They first tried to borrow the money,
both at home and abroad, but could not. The
question arises at once: Why was it that money
could not be borrowed? The answer is simply
this—"The men who had money to lend, would
not part with it, until they saw the necessary bills
passed to enable the Government to pay the inter-
est promptly, and the principal when it should
become due." So, Mr. Chairman, it will be with
your party if you now attempt to borrow the
money to prosecute this war. You will be-denied;
you will he told that you-must first adopt a rev-
enue system which will show to the world that
you intend to pay what you borrow. This was
the answer given the Whigs, and the same will be
given you. Your party has shown that it is un-
willing to take this necessary step; and hence I
feel justified in denying that you possess this su-
perabundant patriotism to which you so modestly
Jay claim. As I have said before, the Whigs were
refused the loan which they sought to obtain.
What course did they then pursue? I ask the
question with a proud consciousness that the his-
tory of that period furnishes an answer which vin-
dicates the integrity of the Whig party, and fur-
nishes an example from which Democracy may
draw useful instruction. When it was found to
be impossible to borrow money, except at a ruin-
ous sacrifice, the Whigs immediately devised and
enacted a revenue system, which raised the na-
tional credit from the depths into which it had
been sunk by the years of misrule which had pre-
ceded their coming into power. The tariff of 1842
was the result of "their labors. Need I say that
it more than met the anticipations of its friends >
that it furnished ample means to defray the annual
expenses of the Government, and that it redeemed
also millions of the treasury notes which had been
issued, and raised the credit of the nation, so that,
within a few months after its enactment, the
Whigs found no difficulty in borrowing seventeen
millions of dollars for the purpose of paying the
debts bequeathed to us by M\ Van Buren ? That
law also furnished the means to pay the interest
upon that loan, and at the time Congress met last
winter there was a SURPLUS in the Treasury of
near twelve millions. Sir, if we had been blessed
with peace one year more, and that tariff had
been suffered to continue in "force one year longer
without alteration, the last dollar of that old debt
might have been paid off. But, sir, in an evil
hour the people placed their mantle upon a citizen
of but little capacity, and still less political integ-
rity; and what are the consequences? Such only
as ought to have been expected. Need I enumer-
ate them ? A war upon the commerce and indus-
try of the people, by means of a sub-treasury
scheme to cramp the one, and a tariff so adjusted
as to discriminate against the other. More still,
the adoption of a revenue system insufficient for
the wants of the Government, if it had been free
from debt, and at peace with the world. Such
were the measures adopted by this Administration
during the last session of Congress. That the
bankruptcy of the treasury was a necessary and
inevitable result, was to all intelligent men as well
known then as now. Mr. Chairman, if I had
voted for these various measures that have brought
the treasury info this humiliating condition, and
humbled the Secretary so much that he is forced
to acknowledge to the world that he cannot bor-
row the money needed for the use of the Govern-
ment, unless a duty be laid upon tea and coffee;
sir, I repeat, that if I had voted for any of those
measures, I would be the last man to charge a
want of patriotism on any member of this House
for refusing to incur further expenses in the pros-
ecution of this war, when to pay them would be
beyond the ability of the treasury. That I may
not be charged with exaggerating the penniless
condition of the treasury, I beg leave to read the
letter of the Secretary to the Committee of Ways
and Means. •
"Treasury Department, December %1, 1846.
" sir : Permit me mo«it respectfully to call your attention
to the views submitted in my la«t annual leport in lejrard to
imposing duties on tea and coffee. These duties, were sug-
gested in view of the necessity of obtaining the loan therein
proposed; ami this Department feels bound to communicate
the opinion enteilamed by it, that in the absence of these
duties it will probably hp wholly lmpraftieahlp to negotiate
the loan on such terms as would be permitted by Congress.
" Most lespectfully, your obedient servant,
«r. j. walker,
(< Secretary of the Treasury.
" Hon. James J. McKay,
" Chan man of the Committee of Ways and Means."
It is also within the recollection of every member
of this House, that since Mr. Walker's letter was
written, we have adopted two resolutions upon
the subject of the Government revenues; in one of
them, we have declared that it is not expedient to
lay a duty on tea or coffee; in the other, which was
adopted by the unanimous vote of the House, we
have declared that the people of this country are
patriotic enough to bear any necessary tax in time
of war. I voted for both of those resolutions. I
believe that the people are not only patriotic enough
to bear a necessary tax in time of war, but also in
time of peace. Rut I do not believe that a tax upon
either tea or coffee, or upon any other article of
prime necessity, not of the growth or manufacture
of the United States, is a necessary tax at this time.
i| If, however, I believed that the further proeecu-
; tion of this war was necessary either to the honor
' of the nation or the promotion of the best interests
j of the people, then I should regard a tax upon tea
| and coffee, and many other articles, absolutely ne-
j cessary. How could I believe otherwise?
I Mr. Chairman, the fact cannot longer be dis-
i guised. This war has been carried on upon credit
i as long as it can be done. This time one year ago,
j the bonds of this Government were above par. A
! bond on the Government for one hundred dollars
| could be sold for one hundred and eighteen dollars
i in specie. Such was our credit under the influence
, of a Whig tariff. How is it now' The Democ-
i racy have passed all their measures, and they are
; in operation. How stands the credit of the Gov-
! ernment now ? What will a hundred dollar Gov-
ernment bond sell for now? I answer, ninety-
| eight dollars only. Truly, we are likely to have
. the golden age ushered in upon us. A treasury
< without funds, and in debt; its paper outstanding,
: and below par. Mr. Chairman, in this connexion
i it will not be amiss to allude to the consistency of
-! our congressional legislation of last summer. We
H passed the sub-treasury with its specie clause, de-
i| claring that nothing should be received in payment
li of public dues but gold and silver. We also passed
!i another law directing the issue of ten millions of
II treasury notes, and made them receivable in pay-
!■ ment of public dues. Very consistent legislation,
!j to say the least of it! This treasury paper is now
|j under par, and is, of course, sought after by all
!} who are indebted to the treasury, or who expect
li to become so. This being the case, the treasury
will continue without means until this paper circu-
lation is absorbed. Here, then, our friends upon
the opposite side of the Chamber have a treasury
worse than empty; they refuse to vote a tax upon
tea or coffee to replenish it, and yet have the ef-
frontery to say that I am not as patriotic as them-
selves, because 1 will not vote to appropriate out of
the treasury money, when they and I know that
there is none in it. Certain it is, that the treasury
is not now in a condition to meet the expenses
which will necessarily be incurred in the further
prosecution of this war. The question then arises,
Is it the part of patriotism to lay such taxes as will
enable it to meet those expenses? This question
cannot be answered without an examination into
the origin of the war, the reasons for its commence-
ment, and the objects for which it is to be con-
tinued.
That the annexation of Texas has had much to
do with the commencement of the war, is unde-
niable. I was opposed to it, as much then as I airi
to the war now. But that question has been decided
by the people of this country, and in their decision
I acquiesce. I opposed annexation because I could
not see any good which was likely to result from
it to any of the people of this country, except polit-
ical adventurers and speculators in the lands and pub- -
lie stocks of that State. It was my opinion, that, in
case annexation took place, we would be in some
way or other made liable for the Texan debts. The
Locofocoes denied that any such result would grow
out of the measure; and, in order to quiet the pub-
lic mind upon that subject, it was incorporated
into, and made part of, the Joint Resolution of
Annexation, is That in no event should the debts
and liabilities of Texas become a charge upon the
Government of theUnited States." Still, Mr. Polk,
as President of the United States, in violation of
this explicit declaration made to Texas, in the most
solemn form, for the purpose of warning that coun-
try not to come into this Union with the hope of
getting this Government to assume, in any form,
her public debt, directs his Secretary of State to
urge Texas to accept annexation, and say to her
public authorities as an inducement, that although
this Government cannot assume her debts, still,
that Texas can propose to cede to this Government
all of her public lands, and also all right to exercise
control over the Indians within her boundary; and
that theUnited States will, in consideration of this
cession, give to her an amount of money which will
, enable her to pay her debts. He declares that such
; an arrangement would be just, and that the accept-
I ance of it by Congress would be almost certain.
| This proceeding of the President shows, to my
mind most clearly, that the President has no respect
for the law of the country when it stands between
him and the consummation of a party measute. I
introduce it to the notice of this body, and also to
the notice of the people, that it may be seen that
we are yet in danger of having this debt saddled
upon the treasury. The subterfuge by which the
President seeks to accomplish the end, in fraud of
the express declaration of Congress to the con-
trary, is well worthy of the man, but not of the
1 station he occupies. His conduct m that matter
' warns me to trust him with no discretionary
i power hereafter. When I find that, in order to
l consummate the annexation, the President was
| capable of such an act as that just brought to
1 your notice, I am inclined to believe only as
1 much of his message as I find sustained by proof;
| and, therefore, his friends must excuse me from
1 giving full credit to his declarations that he sought
I to avoid this war. In my judgment he caused
i General Taylor to follow the very course which
I rendered the war inevitable. I now propose to
| bring to the notice of the House a few facts, drawn
• from the correspondence between Mr. E>onelson,
our Minister to Texas, and Mr. Buchanan, the
Secretary of State, well calculated to show who
involved us in this war, and for what purpose it
was done. This correspondence shows that it was
agreed between our Government and that of Texas,
that, as soon as the convention of Texas should
give its assent to annexation, Mr. Polk would,
from that time forward, so far consider her a State
of this Union as to be entitled to our protection,
and that to ensure this protection he would place
the army of the United States within her limits.
To this I do not object. Although I was opposed
to everything calculated to bring about annexation,
