1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. McGaughey.
Ho. or Reps.
still, after her convention had assented to the terms
proposed by Congress, I think the President acted
properly in sending our army within her limits. I
- admit, too, that his instructions to General Taylor,
that he " should act for the defence and protection
of Texas," was also proper.
In the letter of Mr. Donelson to General Taylor
of the 28th day of June, 1845, he says:
"Corpus Christi is said to be as healthy as Pensacola, a
convenient plaee for supplies, and is the most western point
now occupied by Texas."
On the 2d day of July, 1845, Mr. Donelson ad-
dressed to Mr. Buchanan two letters, in the first
of which he says:
" My position is, that we can hold Corpus Chrifti^ and all
other points up the Nueces. If attacked, the right of defence
will authorize us to expei the Mexicans to the Rio Grande."
In the other letter, of that day, he says:
" I have now only time to add, that I shall cause informa-
tion to be conveyed to the mouth o{ the Sabine, should the
troops be sent that route, (as the President has intimated,)
that the point selected for them is Corpus Christi."
I have read these extracts from the official cor-
respondence, to show for what purpose our army
was sent into Texas, and to what point; and that
Corpus Christi, a little village on the west bank of
the Nueces, was the point selected, and that it was
the most western point occupied by Texas. The
President, in his great anxiety to fix as much re-
sponsibility as possible upon General Taylor, says
in his annual message to this body, that "Corpus
Christi was the position selected by General Tay-
lor. " The statement not being true, needs no com-
ment at my hands. Allow me to say, however,
that no other State paper can be found so full of
such mistakes or misrepresentations. Whether
these errors have found their way into the message
through accident or design, is a point I have 110
interest in settling. This army, stationed on the
extreme western limit of Texas, remained in that ;
place from August, 1845, until the 13th day of
January, 1846. This station was selected as the
point beyond which the Texan revolution had not
extended. It was therefore as far west as the
army could go without occupying the territory of
Mexico.
In the language of the President in his message,
"Our army had occupied a position at Corpus
Christi, west of the Nueces, as early as August,
1845, without complaint from any quarter." I
ask, then, why was it removed? if it could pro-
tect all the citizens of Texas by remaining at that
Soint, where was the necessity for its removal?
lexico was so well satisfied with the occupation
at that point, that she neither invaded norattempt-
ed an invasion of Texas; or, in the still stronger
language of the President, she did not even com-
plain. The President not being very good author-
ity with me, I propose to read from the despatches
of General Taylor to the War Department, and
by them to show, that there was no reason to ap-
prehend an invasion from Mexico, and that there-
fore the order given for the removal of the army
from Corpus Christi to the Rio Grande was not
with the view of repelling an invasion, or to place
it in a better condition to do so. In his letter of
August 15th, 1845, he writes as follows:
. " Nor do I fear th?it the reported concentration of troops
at Mdtamoros is for any purpose of invasion."
Again, on the 20th of August, he says:
"Caravans of traders arrive occasionally from the Rio
Grande, hut bring no news of importance. They represent
that there are no regular troops on that river, except atMat-
amoios, and do not beem to he aware of any preparations
for a demonstiation on this bank of the river."
September 6th, he writes:
" I have the honor to report that a confidential agent, de-
spatched some days since to Matamoros, has returned, and
repents that no extraordinary preparations are going forward
there."
October 11th, he writes:
" Recent anivals from the Rio Grande bring no news of a
different aspect from what I reported in my last."
January 7th, 1846, he writes:
"A recent scout of volunteers from San Antonio struck ■;
the river near Presidio, Rio Grande, and the commander re- ; i
ports everything quiet m that quarter." j j
February 16th, 1846, he says: li
" Many reports will doubtless reach the department, giving j1
exaggerated accounts of Mexican preparations to resist our j j
advance, if nots indeed, to attempt au invasion of Texas, j.
Such reports have heen circulated even at this place, and j I
owe their origin to personal interest* connected with the |j
stay of the army here. I trust that they will receive no at-
tention at the War Departme)it."
These extracts show that no invasion of Texas
was contemplated by the Mexican troops at Mata-
moros.
Again, I ask, why was this army ordered by the
President to leave the camp which it had so long
peacefully occupied ? Why order it to march into
and take possession of a country in the possession
of the Mexicans? Why take this forciole posses-
sion * It was a country in which there was not a
single settlement that could speak or understand
the 'English language. As our army approached,
so far from seeking its protection, they fled with
their families, and left their houses and farms.
They fled, and left the country in which their
fathers had lived before them. They left the land
in which their kindred had been buried—the bones
of fathers, wives, children, were all left behind to
be trodden beneath the feet of the invaders. Is it
a matter of any astonishment that hostilities en-
sued? Could the Mexicans have done less than
resist? A hostile collision was the inevitable result
of this movement of the army. What, then, could
have induced him to order this movement? The
correspondence between our Minister at Mexico,
Mr. Slid ell, and Mr. Buchanan, will answer the
question. In the letter of Mr. Slidell, dated the
27th day of December, 1845, he says:
"The desire of our Government to secure peace will be
taken for timidity; the most extiavagant pretensions will be
made and insisted upon, until the Mcxican people shall he
convinced by hostile demonstrations that our differences must
be settled'promptly, either by negotiation or by the
sword."
Here is the key to what would otherwise remain
a mystery. Our Minister to Mexico, finding that
he was not likely to be well received, writes to
this Government urging it to convince Mexico by
hostile demotislrations that the existing differences
must he settled promptly, either by negotiation or by
the sword. The President, acting upon the request
and advice of Mr. Slidell, makes a hostile demon-
stration, by ordering General Taylor, on the 13th |
day of January, 1846, to leave his camp at Corpus j
Christi and march to the Rio Grande. What was j
this act of the President but the use of force, to !
effect an object which his Minister had failed to
accomplish by negotiation? And what is the use
of force by a nation but an act of war? But wc
are told that Mexico had for a long series of years
neglected to pay our citizens for their individual
property taken by her for public use, and that we
had borne patiently her insults and injustice until 1
' the cup of forbearance would hold no more. Grant- j
ins: all this to be true, (which, in point of fact, is !
not true,) still it does not justify or even excuse
the President for his wrongful and improper con-
duct. The war-making power in this country is
vested in Congress, not in the President. If the
President believed that the conduct of Mexico to-
wards this Government was of that character that
a resort to arms was necessary, then he should
have communicated the subject to Congress, and
left it to that branch of the Government to decide
what should be done. But instead of taking that j
course, he undertakes by hostile demonstrations to j
awe them into the reception of his Minister and j
compliance with his demands. That the President |
ordered our army into the Mexican country for [j
the purpose of forcing Mexico, through fear, to U
accept his terms, is beyond doubt or question. In j
this view of the subject, I am fully sustained by •
Mr. Slidell, as it is very clear, from bis letter of j;
the 17th of February, 1846, to Mr. Buchanan, that ;|
he understood that the President had taken his r i
advice, and had, in pursuance of it, ordered the,'
army to make the hostile demonstration. I will [\
read an extract from his letter; it is as follows:
"The advance of General Taylor's forces to the left hank
of the Rio del Norte, and the strengthening of our squadron
in the Gulf, are wise measures, which may exercise a satu- ;,
tary influence upon the course of this Government." |j
These letters of Mr. Slidell were written by him ■;
while in Mexico, and he must have known, to a j!
very considerable extent, what course that Gov- H
ernment intended to pursue towards us. He con- i j
firms the view taken by General Taylor. In
short, it is clear that Mr. Slidell never suspected,
even for a moment, that Mexico had the remotest
idea of invading our territory or that of Texas.
On the contrary, Mr. Slidell believed that Mexico
would mistake our desire for peace, and, in conse-
quence, make extravagant pretensions, and he,
therefore, in effect, advised our Government to
invade Mexico, and frighten her out of those ex-
travagant pretensions. You may take up and
carefully examine all of the official papers con-
nected with this subject, and you can come.to but
! one conclusion, and that is, that the invasion of
| the country on the Rio Grande, then and ever be-
fore in the possession of the Mexicans, was the
| immediate cause of this war. I have, by quoting
! from the official papers of our Minister, Mr. Don-
j elson, shown that Texas had no possessions west
! of Corpus Christi, and that the country between
that place and the Rio Grande was, at the time
of the invasion of it by us, in the possession of
Mcxico. I now beg leave to read one more-ex-
tract from that official correspondence in proof of
the same position. In the letter of Mr. Donelson,
dated July 11,1845, he says;
"5th, and lastly, all these considerations are but sub-
sidiary to the necessity which exists for the establishment
of the Jiio Grande as the boundary betwuen;the two nations.
Mexico nevei can enforce authority east of that stream.
Shu is now at the mercy ot the Indians, who without fear
of her authority, murder her citizens and pillage their prop-
erty. She can enforce no s-tipulation-, to keep these Indians
at peace ; and every attempt that she has, made at coloniza-
tion in that territory shows her utter inability to maintain a
governmentovei it. To aucfttlie growing mischiefs result-
i irig from the superiority of these Indians the United States
in self-defence must make the Rio Grande the boundary."
This letter contains a distinct and unqualified
admission that this country was colonized by
Mexico,and that [Mexican citizens inhabited it. If
so, it formed no part of Texas, and of course we
had no right, or rather the President had no righf, to
march our army into and expel the Mexican peo-
! pie from it. The admission is conclusive against
j this Government on the question of title. I must
j be permitted here to say, that this minister, in this
! letter, teaches a morality to which I am an entire
j stranger. He says we must take this country in
j self-defence; not because we have either citizens
1 or property there, but because the Mexicans have
| failed in their efforts of colonization, and are un-
! able to protect their citizens. The Indians, lie
• says, murder the Mexican citizens and pillage
| their property, and therefore, we must, in self-
defence, add to their misfortunes, by coming in and
taking what the Indians have had chanty enough
to leave. Mexico, he says is weak, and unable
to protect her citizens from those Indians, and we
are strong and must therefore take the country.
He seems to make a practical application of the
old maxim, "that might gives right." I hope,
sir, that the title of the United States to all of her
possessions may be based upon something more
than this fancied right, growing out of what this
! minister is pleased to term the necessity of the
' case. That we should pretend to claim the coun-
try upon a pretext so base, is conclusive to my
mind that we have no right to it whatever.
The President, in his message, attempts to give
some strength to the claim now set up to this dis-
puted district of country, by connecting the claim
of Texas with a pretended claim of this Govern-
ment, arising out of the cession by France of Lou-
isiana to the United States. In this attempt of the
President, he is neither fair, ingenuous, nor origi-
nal. The idea was taken from the letter of Mr.
Donelson to our Secretary of State, dated July the
11th, 1845; and to show how utterly groundless
any claim founded on that cession must be, it is
only necessary to state the facts to be found upon
rccord. The United States, after obtaining that
country from France, ceded it, in exchange for
Florida, to Spam. At that time Mexico was un-
der the dominion of Spain. Afterwards Mexico
asserted her independence of the Spanish Govern-
ment, and succeeded in establishing a Government
of her own. In this Mexican revolution Texas,
and also this disputed district, took part; and, of
course, when the new Government was establish-
ed, it included them both. In the year 1824, a re-
publican confederation of Mexican States was es-
tablished. Texas formed one of the independent
States; and her boundary, by her own consents was
established so as to extend westward to the Nueces, and
no further. The territory now in dispute was di-
vided, under the constitution of 1824, into several
different States; but Texas included no part of it.
Afterwards, when Mexico abolished this federal
constitution of 1824, and established a supreme
Central Government, the State of Texas declared
