1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
237
The Mexican War—Mr. McOaughey.
Ho. of Reps.
will. Shall it be thus increased ? If so, the domi-
nan t party can always perpetuate its power by the
use of this engine of corruption.
I am opposed, Mr. Chairman, to the acquisition
of any territory whatever, but more positively and
uncompromisingly opposed to the further acquisi-
tion of territory on Our southern border. Our
eastern boundary extends to the Atlantic, and our
western touches the Pacific Ocean; and it is much
to be regretted, I think, that our southern bound-
ary is not as certainly and as unchangeably fixed.
Our Government, as now balanced, promotes all -
the ends and accomplishes all the objects for which
it was established, and I am therefore content to
let things remain as they are. To be progressive,
to push forward in civilization and refinement, is,
I am aware, the spirit of the age. I am not un-
mindful of this; nor, on the contrary, am I of those
who deride every departure from the established
order of things, and cling to old ideas and old prin-
ciples, merely because they have received the sane- I
tion of other men in other days. Improvement is
necessary wherever it can bo effected; but, at the
same time, it should be borne steadily in mind,
much more, indeed, by nations than individuals,
that to innovate is not always to reform; and that
to change is not always to improve. I do not be-
lieve, then, that any change in our Government, or
any further attempt to maintain the " balance of
power," between the North and South, by the
annexation of a new country and a new people,
whether it be done peaceably or by the conquest
of arms, will either better the condition of this peo-
ple, or strengthen the bonds of this Union. Let
the teiritory occupied by our army be acquired by
treaty, by conquest or otherwise, the great ques-
tion, whether the States to be formed out of it shall
be free or slave States, must arise. In this view
of things, I consider it the part both of prudence
and patriotism to avoid this question, by refusing
to receive anymore territory. So much do I dread
it, that I would infinitely prefer to pay ail the Mex-
ican claims, about which so much has been said,
from the public treasury, than to acquire a single
inch of territory south of the line embraced by the
Missouri compromise. I do not desire to discuss
this question; the less that is said about it the bet-
ter; and I therefore dismiss it, warning you, how-
ever, to beware of it, and by all means to avoid
any and every purpose calculated to spring it upon
you again.
There is, to my mind, another insuperable ob-
jection against the acquisition of any portion of
that country growing out of the form and spirit of
our own Government. This Government cannot
extend its laws over a people against their consent,
without violating the great principle of freedom on
which all our institutions are based. It is set forth
in the declaration of independence as one of the
many acts of tyranny and oppression on the pait
of the British Government that laws were passed
by the authorities of that country and enforced in
the colonies against their will. It was for the pur-
pose of establishing a government, in which the
powers of government should be drawn from the
consent of the governed, that our fathers threw off
the power of the British crown. Our whole sys-
tem of government is built up so as to guard effec-
tually this vital principle of republicanism. That
those who are to be affected by the laws shall have
the sole power of making them, is the fundamental
principle of our organization. It is laid down by
our fathers as one of those natural rights of man,
which is as much a part of the man himself as the
breath of his nostrils; so much so, that he pos-
sesses no more power to alienate the one than to i
stop the other. I ask, then, how are we to incor- |
porate that country with our own, without violating j
this cardinal principle of our own Government?
Who is there, in this House, that would thus vio- i
late this great article of our political faith for all j
the territoiy in Mexico—yea, for dominion over >
the whole earth.5 Wc cease to be republicans in '<
principle the very moment we force upon these j
people our form of government against their will, ■,
It-is no justification to us to say, that by doing so
We better'their condition; that we abolish imperfect i
and bad laws, and substitute in their stead others
better adapted to their condition. Whether their'
condition will be bettered or not is a question for !
them to determine, not us. Free principles do not |
owe their origin te the action of our fathers, when •
they incorporated them in the declaration of inde-
pendence and the Constitution. They existed be-
fore they were created; they are coeval with man.
They are of universal application; we have no ex-
clusive right to them. They are like divine truths,
applicable to all men, in all conditions and in all
countries. We have no right to say that these
Mexicans have never as yet founded their govern-
ments upon these great universal truths; and that,
therefore, we can now overturn their country, and
adopt such a line of policy towards them as will
make them slaves. There is no difference between
the condition of the slave and that to which you
propose to reduce these Mexitan provinces. What
is a slave, but one who is governed by laws im-
posed upon him against his will? What do you
propose for these Mexican provinces, but to take
thorn, and then govern them, not according to their
! will, but yours ? If you do this, what is it but an
appropriation of the natural, inherent, and inalien-
able rights of man to your own use, and a denial
of them to others? Whosoever can be guilty of
this has no veneration for those great truths given
of God to man,on which is based all human free-
dom. He loves not those great natural rights for
their own inherent worth, and would therefore be
willing to strike them from our own Constitution,
whenever he could thus accomplish an individual
or selfish end. Teach the people to disregard these
great principles of natural' right, which "belong to
all mankind as a common heritage, and you teach
them not only to enslave others, but to enslave
themselves. This Government can only exist in
its present form, while the people adhere to and
love its principles for their own intrinsic worth;
and, therefore, when they are once prepared to
disregard them, under any pretence or for any pur-
pose, it must fall. It is based upon virtue and jus-
tice, and when our own people cease to possess
them, the foundation is gone, and the superstruc-
ture must fall.
Mr. Chairman, I have always believed that this
Government of ours was made for peace, and ex-
perience convinces me that it is wholly unfitted for
a war of aesression and conquest. This republic,
in the revolutionary and last wars, maintained it-
selfin the field with a power altogether irresistible,
and the reason why it was enabled to do so is ob-
vious. It was because those wars were defensive
in their character, and in defence of the great prin-
ciples of the Government; in other words, in de-
fence of the natural and inalienahle rights of man.
Now, we are engaged in a war altogether different
in its character and objects; and what is the con-
sequence ? Sir, it is that our Constitution is vio-
lated every day. Our navy takes armed posses-
sion of one province and our generals of another,
and they forthwith declare themselves governors
of those provinces, establish civil governments,
make and ordain laws for the people, and appoint
judges and other officers to enforce them. Could
a king do more ? When we ask by whose authori-
ty all this is done, we are told that it is true that
neither the people of the United States, nor their
representatives, have passed any law authorizing
anything of the kind, but that, by the laws of
nations, when a country is conquered, the victori-
ous sovereign has the right to make laws for his
subjugated provinces. Sir, in this country no law
obtains but the Constitution of the United States,
and such laws as are made by the proper depart-
ments, in accordance with its provisions and spirit.
Of course, no principle of that vagueand uncertain
code, called the laws of nations, inconsistent with
our Constitution and laws, can be in force m this
country. The powers arid duties of the President,
as the commander-in-chief of the army and navy,
are defined by the Constitution and laws of the
States, and not by the laws of nations. These
commodores and generals, in the establishment
of these civil governments, have acted under the
orders of their commander-in-chief, the President,
and therefore it becomes a subject of legitimate
inquiry, had he the constitutional power to give
them any such authority ? The answer is a short
one. The people of this country, and not their
President, possess the sovereign power. He can
wield no power beyond that with which the Con-
stitution has clothed his office. If he does, he be-
comes a usurper and a tyrant.
Mr. Chairman, the facts to which I have alluded,
prove to my mind that this war was-unnecessarily
commenced, wrongfully commenced, and com-
menced by that department of the Government
which had no right to commence it. If in this I
am correct, the question arises, how far can a man
be justified in voting for supplies to carry on an
unnecessary, unjust, and unconstitutional war ? 'Shall
I be answered, that under a peculiar state of cir-
cumstances it may be necessary to carry on such
a war, when once begun, as a measure of defence?
I admit that, by possibility, such a state of things
might occur; but I deny that the circumstances
which attend the present war, furnish any pre-
text whatever for the application of the principle.
I voted for the law of last May, calling out the
fifty thousand volunteers. That vote can be jus-
tified on the ground, that the measure, under the
then existing circumstances, was defensive in its
character. A Mexican army was at that time, not
within our territory, but so near to it that we had
good cause to suppose, if victorious in the engage-
ment with our troops, which we believed had taken
place, they would follow up their victory by an
invasion of our territory. Such were the circum-
stances under which that law passed this House,
and believing that we should prepare for the "worst
possible contingency, I felt bound to give it my
support. Since that vote was given, the circum-
stances have changed; it was given under the
belief that it was necessary to the defence of the
country. But no further appropriations at this
time can be justified or excused upon any such
ground. The Mexican army has already been
driven far back into the interior of the Mexican
country. There is no hostile armed force within
five hundred miles of the nearest point of our
territory. The Mexicans have retreated until they
have found safety in distance. How is it with the
army of the United States? It is victorious and in
pursuit. Can it then be said that it is necessary to
appropriate more money, and send into that coun-
try more men, to pursue and drive still further this
poor, broken, and shattered Mexican army; and
that, too, as a measure of defence5 The idea is
ridiculous. All appropriations hereafter made,
must be voted for by those only who deem the
further prosecution of the war necessary and pro-
per; and not being of that number, I shall vote
against everything of the kind.
Another argument in favor of the war measures
of the President has been urged with some force.
It is said, that Congress has no power to make
peace, nor even to withdraw our army from the
Mexican territory; and thatas this power is placed
in the hands of the Executive, the best we can do,
in case the President is determined to press for-
iward our victorious legions, is to give him all the
supplies he demands. I deny that any such con-
clusion can or ought to be drawn from such prem-
ises. It is basely surrendering our constitutional
privileges, and never, under any circumstances,
will I acknowledge such doctrines. It never was
intended, by the framers of our Constitution, that
the President should make the wars of this coun-
try his own; that he should determine when- they
should be commenced, or be the exclusive judge
how long they should be continued. On the con-
trary, it was intended that Congress should judge
of all these things, and the President be their'agent
to carry on the wars by them judged to be proper
and expedient. Hence the purse of the nation was
placed in the keeping of Congress; so that if the
President should attempt to abuse his trust, by
waging a war longer than Congress considered
expedient, his career could be checked by a refusal
of supplies, which, of course,, brings the war to an
end. This great power was never intended to be
exercised upon the call, and in the manner directed
by the President, but independently, and, when
necessary, in such a manner as effectually to con-
trol the will and action of the President.
Again, it, is urged that the President has offered
a fair, ptst, and honorable peace to Mexico, and
that it has been refused. I deny that he has done
any such thing. His message shows that he has
made offers of peace, and it also shows what kind
of a peace he is willing to make, and that is a treaty
of peace by which Mexico shall be bound to pay
the expenses incurred in the prosecution of this
war. As she has no money, the payment is to be
exacted in territory. So far from this being a just
and honorable overture for peace, it is the very re- -
verse. But, sir, let just and honorable- terms b®
