1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239:
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War-
-Mr. Ligon.
Ho. of Reps.
to the war now existing between this country and j
the military Government of Mexico. By so doing, !
while I may not hope to change the deliberate ac- |
tion contemplated to be taken by others, I yet do 1
hope to vindicate the votes I have given, and which
I may hereafter give, upon bills to furnish men
and means with which to carry on the war into
which the United States have been forced by Mex-
ico. If this war is, so far as the United States are
concerned, just, right, and proper, my vote ought
to be given for all well-digested and judicious bills
that provide for conducting it to a speedy and satis-
factory conclusion. If, on the contrary, the war
is not just—is not right nor proper, my vote ought
to be given for measures that would at once termi-
nate hostilities, and make ample reparation to a
wronged and injured neighbor; for to do right,
and to avoid wrong, is as much the duty of States
as of individuals.
I have found it difficult, Mr. Chairman, to ob-
tain my own consent to trespass upon the time and
courtesy of the House. But, sir, believing it to
he due to myself, as well as to those who have
honored me with a seat upon this floor, to state
the facts which have influenced my judgment, and
to state them here, where alone they can be officially
controverted, if erroneous, I shall proceed, with an
unaffected distrust of my ability to do justice to j
the subject, to discharge what I have conceived to
be my duty, in as brief a manner as possible con-
sistent with the importance of the subjects to be
investigated.
I was not surprised to hear at the opening of this
session severe criticisms upon the principles and
measures of the President's message, and upon the
financial policy of the present Administration. For
such criticism events had prepared me. The speech |
of a distinguished member of Congress at the other
end of the Capitol, in which the expenses of our
Government, civil and military, were estimated at i
the enormous sum of half a million a day; the |
eloquent predictions so often made upon this floor
of the pecuniary disasters and commercial revul-
sions that would surely befall this country and
paralyze its energies, all having their origin and
cause in the revenue measures adopted by Con- j
gress during its last session, had led me to suppose !
that a rigid and severe examination into subjects
of this character would, at an early day, occupy
the attention of this body. Such a course of de-
bate could not have occasioned either surprise or
regret on the part of the friends of the Administra-
tion, here or elsewhere. A severe scrutiny is
rather to be courted than shunned by all honest
Governments, and especially when a new financial
era had commenced, and its workings, present and
prospective, were just causes of anxiety, fair sub-
jects of iliquiry, of discussion, and of difference of
opinion. But, sir, I must be permitted to express
my surprise at the tone and spirit which has char-
acterized the debates of this House upon the Mex-
ican war, and more especially at the declaration of
a member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hudson,]
that—
" If any of our revolutionary patriots wore upon this floor;
if they stood here representing any portion of the people
Nortli or South, and my friend over the way, the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, should come foiward,
in the name of the President, and ask for an increase of the
army, or a new levy of volunteers to prosecute suck a war as
this, anyone of them would say to him, as the stern old
Roman said to the einissaiy of Cesar,
" c Bui linn disband his legions,' " &.e.
This language, sir, so far as I am informed, has
met with no favorable response from any member
of this House, or from any portion of the coun-
try. Persons there may be who subscribe to the
opinion and approve the sentiment; but with such
I have not met. On the contrary, I believe the
great body of the people of this country repudiate
both. To say, sir, that the old revolutionary pa-
triots, if raised from the dead, and sent by their
countrymen to this Hall, if called upon by the
President of the United States to supply him with
an increased force to prosecute the war against
Mexico to a happy conclusion, would withhold
supplies; would bid'him disband the army, until
they could discuss the justice and propriety of the
war; to suppose that such men as Washington,
and Greene, and Putnam, and Marion, and Sum-
ter, and Howard, and the thousands of gallant
and chivalrous heroes that grace our revolutionary
annals, would be found, at a time like this, embar-
rassing the military arm of that country for which
they periled " their lives, their fortunes, and their
sacred honor," is to do the most flagrant injustice
to the memory of the dead, and to ttifle with our
most sacred and patriotic recollections. Can any
one believe, sir, that if any of those illustrious
men were now alive, and in this Hall, they would
either speak or vote in favor of withholding sup-
plies of either men or money, " to prosecute such
a war as this," or that they would advise the
Government to halt in their position, and recall
our army? On the contrary, they would both
speak and vote in favor of liberally and promptly
giving both; and instead of embarrassing the mili-
tary operations of the Government, they would
rather seek soldiers' graves amid the chaparrals
and mountain fastnesses of Mexico.
Sir, whilst t greatly admire that courage which
holds every Administration of our Government to
a just and severe responsibility for all its acts, I
believe that in a time like this, when our strength
mustconsist in united counsels and vigorous action,
I cannot too strongly reprobate that whole class of
opinions of which "the declaration of the gentleman
from Massachusetts is a specimen. They are
based upon the sands of party, not on the rock of
patriotism. Their aim tends rather to the success
of a prevailing faction than the elevation of a Com-
monwealth. They look for the overthrow of an
Administration, instead of the promotion of the
honor and glory of a republican people.
Before entering, as I propose to do, upon a brief
historical analysis of the relations heretofore and
now existing between the United States and Mexi-
co, t feel it incumbent on me to say, that after
having listened with some attention to most of the
speeches that have been delivered on both sides of
this Hall, and read or glanced at the contents of
the documents and reports made to the House
upon the subject of the war with Mexico, from its
very commencement, I must say, with all sinceri-
ty, that if this war is unjust, wrong, wicked, or
unprovoked, I have failed utterly and most unac-
countably, to find the evidence of the fact. On
the contrary, 1 do firmly and most honestly be-
lieve ourcause is just, and our country in the right;
and befoie I take my seat, I will endeavor to de-
monstrate, to the satisfaction of every gentleman
who shall pay me the compliment of an attentive
listening, that my opinions have not been formed
without a considerate reference to the facts of the
case, as shown by the diplomatic records of our
Government.
Sir, as one of the Representatives of Maryland
upon this floor, when I reflect upon the achieve-
ments of her sons upon the battle-fields of Mexico,
I am free to admit that nothing could be more pain- |j
ful to me than to be made to believe, by some new,
strange, and unexpected revelations, that our coun-
try was in the wrong; that the brave and accomplish-
ed Ringgold—the intrepid and impetuous Watson—
the ehivalric Ridgelv, the Murat of the army—the
young, but heroic Thomas, and many others less
prominent, but not less brave, had generously offer-
ed up their lives, not to advance the honor and
glory, not to promote the interests or to perpetuate
the power of their country, but to advance the in-
terests of a faction, or to render successful an in-
trigue or a speculation. If it were true " that our
country was in the wrong," I would hold him niine
enemy who would thus teach me; who would not
only thus teach me, but teach the widows and
orphans of the gallant slain, that they were the
widows and orphans, not of heroes, to be honored
while time endures, but the deluded victims of an
Administration devoid alike of honor and of re-
morse. No, sir; nothing but evidence the most con-
clusive should now, at this late day, be permitted to
I so change my opinions as to render their services
] less valuable. Never will any true son of hers
I allow the bright lustre of her jewels to be, by their
neglect or action, less clear, but will labor to pre-
, serve them as fresh, as undimmed and sparkling,
i as the "valley of diamonds." I thank God, sir,
I that thus far there, is neither spot nor blemish to
mar her beautiful and time-honored escutcheon.
She has done her whole duty, but is not wearied.
Her losses have been greater than those sustained i
. by any other State; but she complains not. True, '
! the knell of her lost ones upon the bloody banks
of the Rio Grande has reached her ear, and fallen
1 heavily upon her heart; but there remains to her
other gallant spirits, fired by a love of country, and
filled with a noble spirit of emulation, ready and
burning to take the places of those who fell. Call
upon them, sir, they are anxious for service; the
terrors of the chaparral and of sCone fortresses shall
not alarm, nor shall the horrors of the mountain
pass, or of the scorching deserts of California, appal
them.
But, sir, to proceed: How did it happen, by
whose fault was it, that the United States are now
at war with Mexico ? Was it the fault (if fault it
is) of the United States? Mexico declared war
against the United States, and commenced war
against the United States, before our Government
declared war, and before it commenced hostilities.
The first blow was struck by the republic of Mex-
ico. Mexico declared war against the United States
several weeks before the United States declared war
against Mexico. Mexico declared war against the
United State3 before her own troops commenced
actual hostilities, unless the murdering of Colonel
Cross and Lieutenant Porter may be so considered;
whereas the United States did not declare war until
after Mexico had commenced regular hostilities.
But, Mr. Chairman, as in this matter facts are
better than assertions, and as dates have become
important to a correct understanding of this sub-
ject, I will cite from the public documents of our
country certain facts and dates, which, to my mind,
are entirely determinative of the question as to the
responsibility of this war. And I invite any gen-
tleman to correct me if I make an error, as I aim
to be strictly and exactly correct; for the fame of
the dead and the honor of the living are alike in-
volved in the inquiries I have pursued and the re-
sults which I am about to state. To proceed with
the order of events:
1st. The Mexican Minister of Foreign Affairs,
on the 5th of October, 1845, agreed to " receive an
Envoy ffom the United States, intrusted with full
powers to adjust all the questions in dispute be-
tween the two Governments.'1—(See House DocU'
merit 196, p. 2, 1st session 29(/i Congress.)
2d. On the 10th of November, 1845, Mr. John
Slidell was commissioned as such envoy, and ar-
rived at Vera Cruz on the 30th of the same month.
—(See same Document, p. 2.)
3d. " On the 21st of December, 1845," Mexico
" refused to accredit Mr. Slidell, upon the most
frivolous pretexts."—(See same Document, p. 2.)
4th. " On the 13th of January, 1846, instruc-
tions were issued to General Taylor to occupy the
left bank of the Del Norte. "—(See same Doc., p. 4.)
5tb. " The army moved on the 11th of March,
1846, and on the 28th of that month arrived on the
left bank of the Del Norte, opposite to Matamo-
ros"—" under positive instructions to abstain from
all aggressive acts towards Mexico, or Mexican
citizens; and to regard the relations between that
republic and the linited States as peaceful, unless
she should declare war, or commit acts of hostility
indicative of a state of war."—(See House Docu-
ment 196, p. 4, 1st session 29th Congress.)
6th. "TheMexican forces at Matamoros assu-
med a belligerent attitude, and, on the 12th of April,
1846, General Ampudia, then in command, notifi-
ed General Taylor to break up his camp within
twenty-four hours, and to retire beyond the Nue-
ces river; and, in the event of his failure to comply
with these demands, announced that arms, and
arms alone, must decide the question."—(See same
Document, p. 4.)
7th. On the 23d of April, 1846, President Pare-
des issued at the National Palace, in Mexico, the
Mexican declaration of war against the United
; States.—(See House report of the Committee on For-
sign Jiffuirs, JVo. 752, pages 48 and 50, volume 4,
1845-'6.)
i 8th. On the 24th day of April, 1846, "General
I Arista, who had succeeded to the command of the
Mexican forces, communicated to General Taylor
that he considered hostilities commenced, and
should prosecute them."—(See House Document
! 190, p. 4.) Up to this date, the American forces
had committed no hostile act. Yet, on the same
! day that that notice was given, alargebody ofMexi-
j can troops, which had previously crossed over the
i Rio Grande into Texas, attacked a detachment of
' General Taylor's army, consisting of sixty-three
dragoons, commahtled by Captain Thornton, killed
and' wounded sixteen, and captured the remain-
der.—(See House Document 196, pp. 4 and 5.)
