340
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 8,
39th CoNGsi...2D SESS.
The Mexican War—Mr. lAgdn.
Ho. of Reps.
9th. Three or four days after the attack upon,
awl capture of, Captain Thornton's command, to
wit,: on the 28th of April, 1846, Gaptain Walker,
and twenty-four Texas rangers, killed the first
Mexicans that we're slain in this war. On that
day, Captain Walker and the twenty-four rangers
were attacked in the chaparral, on their way from
Point Isabel to the camp of General Taylor, by
1,500 Mexicans, the result of which was, that after
killing matiy Mexicans, and losing six of his own
men, Captain Walker, and the remainder of his
slender force, escaped. Captain Walker's party
slew the first Mexicans, and that in self-defence.
In proof of this, see report of Committee on Foreign
Affairs, No. 752, House of Representatives, first
session 29th Congress. Mexican blood was next
drawn at Palo Alto, May 8, 1846, by the Ameri-
cans, after the Mexicans be an to cannonade Gen-
eral Taylor; the bleeding was continued the next
day at Resaca de la Pal ma.
10th. The President recommended a declaration
of war against Mexico in a message to Congress,
dated May 11, 1846; and war was accordingly de-
clared by the Congress of the United States to
exist by the act of Mexico.
The above are the leading facts. They estab-
lish, beyond the pow*er of successful controversy,
. that Mexico committed the first act of hostility;
that Mexico struck the first blow; and that that
blow was struck upon American ground. The
documents also prove most conclusively that Mexi-
co declared war before hostilities had been com-
menced by either party—the Mexican declaration
was issued on the 23d of April, 1846, and the
attack was not made upon the detachment of the
American army, under Captain Thornton, until
the 24th of the same month. Before leaving this
branch of my subject, I wish to state the fact, Mr.
Chairman, that the Mexican authorities, after
dgieeing to receive an envoy to adjust all difficul-
ties, ana after refusing to receive such envoy when
appointed, deliberately resolved on 16vying war
upon the United States; and that resolution was
formed prior to the commission of any hostile act
by either party. Let me prove this very impor-
tant fact so plainly and so clearly, that no man
shall be able to elude its force. By referring to
page 50 of House Report, No. 752, first session
29th Congress, I learn that Presider.t Parcdes, in
his Manifesto of April 23, to the Mexican nation,
says:
"I have sent orders to tliegeiior.il-nwhipfof the northern
frontier to act in hostility agninsl the army which is in hos-
tility tupimsf us—to oppose the war to the ei#my which
wars upon us."
How did General Arista act when he received
these orders of the Mexican President? Why,
sir, President Polk tells us that on the 24th of
April, General Arista informed General Taylor
that " he considered hostilities commenced, and
should prosecute them !" This was before a blow
hud been struck; before a life had been lost by"
either party; before the Americans had crossed the
Rio Grande into Mexico; and before it was known
that the Mexicans had crossed the Rio Grande
into Texas. And that same day General Arista
ordered the attack upon Captain Thornton, within
the territory of Texas.
Now, sir, I am one of those who believe that
Paretics, having reached power through vain-glo-
rious promises of expelling the North Americans
from Texas, and driving them across the Sabine,
issued his orders to Ampudiaand Arista to invade
Texas, and to commence hostilities upon the Uni-
ted States, prior to his having heard of General
Taylor's arrival upon the Rio Grande. If ever
those orders see the light they will, in my humble
opinion, justify this supposition. For General
J uylor only reached the Rio Grande on the 28th
ot March. General Arista evidently received from
Paredes Ins orders to cross the river, and to attack
the Americans several days before he notified Gen-
eial Taylor that " he considered hostilities com-
menced, and should prosecute them;" for he had
crossed and stationed his troops, and attacked
Thornton, at the very time his courier was serving
his notification upon General Taylor. Now, the
was sent to General Taylor 011 the 24th of
April the news of General Taylor's arrival op-
posite to the town of Matamoros on the 28th of
jywen, could scarcely have been conveyed to
jViexico, been deliberated upon, and orders sent
back to Matamoros several days before the 24th of
April! No, sir, no. Those orders to march into
Texas and levy war, in all human probability,
were issued at Mexico some time before the news
of the arrival of General Taylor upon the western
confines of Texas was known in that city. 1 have
no doubt that time will attest the truth of what is
now but supposition.
And now, sir, let me inquire—after having
proved, as I think, that even if the United States
had commenced this war, they were provoked
thereto, and justified therein, by the rude rejection
of an Envoy whom the Mexican authorities had
promised to receive; after having proved that the
war first proclaimed, and actual hostilities first
commenced by Mexico, and that, too, according
to all reasonable probability before the Mexican
authorities were officially informed of the arrival
of General Taylor upon the north bank of the Rio
Grande—what becomes of those charges that this
war was commenced, or provoked, or designedly
brought on by the President? that this is a Presi-
dent's war?—a war of such a character, that revo-
lutionary patriots would demand an immediate dis-
banding of our armies if they were alive and in
Congress?—a war for the acquisition of territory,
an aggressive war to subserve slave intei'ests?
The charge against the President, and against
Congress, is evidently and palpably unjust—our
country, thank God, is not uin the wrong," but
our cause is just, our conduct defensible, and our
honor unsullied. And, sir, I am most happy in
being able to say to you, that in Maryland there
is no difference of opinion as to the propriety of
vigorously prosecuting this war to an honorable
and early conclusion. In this, at least, all agree.
All would supply, as I hope and believe, both men
and means to any reasonable and proper amount,
and at an early day. Admitting that Mexico de-
clared war against the United States, and commen-
ced actual hostilities prior to the commission of
any aggressive act upon the patt of the troops of
the United States, as it appears to me every inform-
ed and candid mind must admit, and the next and
important inquiry that arises is, What caused Mex-
ico to delare war, and levy it, upon the United
States? This is best answered by reference to
Mexican documents, and the correspondence of
our diplomatic agents.
The admission of Texas into the Union, though
as independent a nation as Mexico itself, was pro-
tested against as a cause of war, by Mexico, in ad-
vance; upon its consummation, it was protested
against by Almonte, the Minister at "Washington,
as a cause of war. The Supreme Government of
Mexico, before and after the passage of the act of
annexation, denounced the union of Texas with
the United States as a cause of war. Immediately
after the annexation took place, the Mexican Min-
ister withdrew from this country. This step was
dictated and sanctioned by his Government, and
all diplomatic intercourse between the two coun-
tries was suspended by its orders in March, 1845.
In September, 1845, the President of the United
States sought, through our consul in Mexico, to
reestablish a friendly intercourse with Mexico.
The transactions which grew out of this effort
to prevent war are thus detailed by Mr. Castillo y
Lanzas, Minister of Foreign Relations, in his let-
ter of March 12, 1846, to Mr. Slidell:
" The consul of the United States in this capita] address-
ed, 011 the 13th o? October, to the then Minister ot Fmeigu
Relations a confidential note, wherein, referring to what he
had pieviouely stated to the minu-ter in an intei view of the
same character, he says :
u 'At tiie tune of the suspension of the diplomatic relations
'between the uvo countries, General Almonte was a^uted
c of the desire felt by the Pie.-ident lo adjust amicably every
' cause of complaint between the Governments, and toculti-
' vate the kmde.-t and most friendly relation between the sis-
' tei republics. He ^till continues to be animated by the same
'j-entimeut-;. He desires* that all existing differences fchould
£he terminated amicably, bv negotiation, arid not by the
' sword.
"'Actuated by these sentiments, the President has direct-
1 ed iiifio iu« ti uct you. in the absence of any diplomatic agent
'in Mexico, to asceitam from the Mexican Government
'whether they would rcccve an envoy from the United
' States,intrusttd with full povvei to adjust all the questions
' in dispute between the two Governments. Should the au-
' swer be in the affirmative, such an envoy will be lmmedi-
'ateiy despatched to Mexico.'
" To tins the Ministry now in the charge of the undersign-
ed replied on the loth of the same month, £ that although
' the nation is gravely offended by that of the United States,
by reason of the acts committed by the latter towards the
department of Texas, the property of the former, my Gov-
' ernnient is disposed to receive the commissioner who may
' come from the United States to tin's capital, with full powers
(from his Government to arrange, in a pacific, reasonable,
( and decorous manner, the present controversy, thereby giv-
' ing a new proof that, even m the midst of injuries afid of its
e firm determination to exact the adequate reparation, it does
(not repel nor despise the part of reason and of peace to
' which it is invited by its adversary.'5'—(See Home Doc.,
No. 196, f. 59, 1st session 29</t Congress.)
And yet the same Minister, in the same letter*
" So soon as the said communication [from Mr. Slidell]
was received by the undersigned, he proceeded to commu-
nicate to his excellency the President ad interim; and ho,
after deliberately considering its contents, and maturely
meditating upon the business, has seen fit to order the un-
dersigned to make known to Mr. Slidell, in reply, as he now
has the honor of doing, that the Mexican Government can-
not receive him as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Pleni-
potentiary to reside near it.
"And here might the undersigned terminate his note, if
reasons 0? great weight did not convince him of the neces-
sity of making some reflections in this place, not through
fear of the consequences which may result from this deci-
sive resolve, but through the respect which he owes to rea-
son and to justice."
The following are some of the "reflections,"
and consequences of the acts, which occurred to
the Minister, and were stated in the above-quoted
letter written by him:
" The vehement desire of the Government of the United
States to extend its already immense territory, at the expense
of that of Mexico, has been manifest for many years; and
it is beyond all doubt that, in regard to Texas at least, this
has been their firm and constant determination; for it has
been so declared, categorically and officially, by an autho-
rized representative of the Union, whose assertion, strange
and injurious as was its frankness, has nevertheless not
been belied by the United States.
" Considering the time as having come for carrying into
effect the annexation of Texas, the United States, in union
and by agreement with their natural allies and adherents
in that territoiy, concerted the means for the purpose. The
project was introduced into the American Congress. It was
at ftat frustrated, thanks to the prudential considerations,
the circumspection, and the wisdom, with which the Senate
of the Union then proceeded. Nevertheless, the project
was reproduced in the following session, and was then
approved and sanctioned in the foim and terms known to the
whole world.
"A fact such as this, or to speak with greater exactness,
so notable an act of usurpation, crcated an imperious ne-
cessity that Mexico, for her own honor, should repel it with
proper firmness and dignity. The Supreme Government
had beforehand declared that it would look upon such an act
as a casus belli; and, as a consequence of this declaration'^
negotiation was by its verv nature at an end, and war was
the only recourse of the Mexican Government."
Here, then, is the alleged reason, "the why,"
Paredes declared war against the United States;
another, behind it, was, that he had reached power
by promising to wage war against the United
States; and his predecessor was made to give place
to Paredes, because he had promised to treat with
"the North American usurpers,'5 instead of "dri-
ving them across the Sabine." He was made Presi-
dent to prevent the jenewal of a good understand-
ing—to prevent the making of a treaty—to force
the United States to evacuate Texas, and dismiss
it from the Union, or fight. This appears to have
been so understood by Mr. Slidell; tor he says, in
reply:
" Jalapa, March 17, 1846.
"The undersigned, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary of the United States of America," has the
honor to acknowledge the receipt of the note of your excel-
lency of the 12th instant, by which he is informed that the
Mexican Government cannot receive him in fris capacity
of Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, to re-
side near that Government
"As it is the intention of the undeisisnied, in conformity
with his injunctions, to return to the United States with the
lca^t possible delay, embarking at Vera Ciuz, he lias now to
request that he may be furnished with tlie necessary pass-
ports, which he will await at this place."
******
"The undersigned has already exceeded the limits which
he had prescribed to lmn^elf for reply. The question has
now reached a point wlieie words must give place to acts.
Wlnle he deeply regrets a result so little contemplated when'
he commenced the duties of his minion of peace, he is
jj consoled by the reflect>on that no honorable efforts to avert
11 the calamities of war have been spared by his Govern-
11 merit. and that these efforts cannot fail to be properly appre-
j; ciated, not only by the people of the United States, but bv
!' the world. *
!: " The undersigned begs leave to renew to his excellency
fl Don J. M, de Castillo y Lanzas the assurances or his dis- 
I flourished consideration. JOHN SLIDELL.
;! " His Excellency Don J. M. de Castillo y Laxzas,
jj "Minister of Foreign Relations and Government.'*
|| In this view, the Mexican Government evidently
jl concurred, as in its official reply it was not dis-
II claimed or deprecated. On the contrary, Generals
ij Ampudia and Arista were ordered to the frontier
|| with troops to reinforce General Mejia; and on the
23d of April, 1846, (but little more than a month.
