250
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Jan. 20,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Culver.
Ho. of Reps.
diers should be well paid. We are told that another
object of the war was to define the boundary be-
tween Texas and Mexico. Well, sir, if you send
men to mark that boundary with the sword, to
draw-it with blood, it is proper you should pay
them. But if it was to establish the Rio Grande
as the boundary, why, after the battles on the
banks of that river, in May last—why, after all
the country on this side of the Rio Grande is in
our possession—why are our armies now marching
into the heart of Mcxican provinces, if it only be to
define and establish the boundary?
Does any man believe, that, if our army, after
the battles of the 8th and 9th of May, had not
been marched into Mexico in search of the Mexi-
can troops, who had so signally been beaten and'
scattered, that the war would have commenced
and ended in those engagements? If military posts
had been established along the Rio Grande, you
would have fully established it as your boundary,
without that, enormous expense, in money and
blood, which has resulted from invading Mexico.
But infatuation and folly, seem to have marked the
counsels which controlled us.
It appears, from the communication of the
President, that this war has changed its character,
since its commencement. If it were in the outset
a war for the lecovery of money, and the estab-
lishment of disputed boundary, it is now a war of
conquest. The President has congratulated Con-
gress and the country, on the vast extent of terri-
tory we have conquered. He says we have ac-
quiied military possession of Mexican provinces—
of Santa Fe, New Leon, Coahuilu, Tamaulipas,
and the California^, containinga considerable popu-
lation, being territory larger in extent than that
contained m the original thirteen States. Surely,
sir, when you are adding so many uncounted mil-
lions to your already innumerable acres, it is but
just you should reward the soldiers who have won
them by their valor and their blood. If these con-
quests be the subject of such hearty congratula-
tions and rejoicings, surely the instruments by
which they were so gallantly achieved, should
have t^e small pittance furnished by this bill. [A
voicc: u Well, take their pay out of the land con-
quered."] A gentleman says—take their payout
of the land. Better pay out of that you have al-
ready got.
I do not know, Mr. Chairman, that these vast
accessions of territory are regarded by the House
and the country as the appropriate subjects of
congratulation. Whilst I rejoice, with unfeigned
joy, at the gallantry of our troops, and the splen-
dor of their victories—victories which fully sus-
tain our high repute in arms, and wfil be associa-
ted in history with the most brilliant of the past
—I cannot say, that the possession of these con-
quered territories is free from misgiving and fore-
boding. They are already made the subject of
angry dispute by reckless politicians; the bitter
feelings of the North and the South are already
aroused. The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Gordon,] himself a Democrat, has said, that the
North wish this war prosccuted as a war of con-
quest, and that, as a firm and unalterable resolve,
it is declared by the North, that no part of the
conquered land shall be admitted as slave terri-
tory, and a bill has been presented which pro-
poses to enact this. And already is the cry of the
dissolution of the Union renewed. Nor can you,
from the question of the future disposition of these
conquered lands, separate the agitating question
of slavery, and the fearful prospect of the dissolu-
tion of this Union.
Mr. GORDON, of New York, rose and said,
he had said nothing about the dissolution of the
Union. He had not heard such a thing talked of,
except by gentlemen from the South.
Mr. BELL resumed. The very manner of the
gentleman's remark, shows the callousness and per-
fect indifference with which some gentlemen can
trifle with the Union. It ih to some gentlemen as
nothing. The Union was nothing, so the party
triumphed. . The gentleman very coolly says that
he had said nothing about dissolving the Union.
No, though he and his colleague had raised the
question of slavery, which was, of all others, the
very one most dangerous to the perpetuity of the
Union.
The President at the last session of Congress
congratulated the country on another accession of
territory, acquired by the annexation of Texas,
which was then proclaimed a bloodless achieve-
ment. The manner and time of this annexation
were calculated to create danger of war, and the
congratulation that it did not exist, has proved la-
mentably ill-timed. We all now know—that which
all free from party influence always foresaw and
foretold—that this annexation of Texas would,
with the policy likely to be pursued, involve us in
a war which would render the acquisition of that
country both bloody and costly. But the sugges-
tions of danger were treated with ridicule, and those
who made them, assailed with rancorous abuse.
The leaders of the Democratic party were so anx-
ious for political success, that they either were
unwilling to believe that, any war would follow
from the annexation of Texas, or they shamefully
misrepresented the whole subject to the country.
Such was their anxiety to annex Texas, that they
denied every danger connected with it, and by
their mad and precipitate policy, then commenced,
and since pursued, the country has been plunged
into this unfortunate war. Sir, let us endeavor to
regulate future additions of territory so as not to
involve us in even greater evils than waste of blood
and treasure. Let us show by our policy that we
wish no war of conquest—no war for territory.
If we are to fight, let it be to sustain the honor, to
avenge the wrong, to secure the interest of the na-
tion. Let no such sordid motive, as the plunder
of a neighboring State, lend its influence to the
prosecution of this war. Let us before the world
take high ground and deal magnanimously with a
weak and oppressed neighbor, show that the weak-
ness of Mexico and secret desire to plunder its land,
is not the rcnl, though concealed cause, for the
prosecution of this war. This is just towards our
enemy, and is safe towards ourselves. 1 am free
to say, that 1 would greatly prefer that we should
preserve the integrity of Mexico. It is wisdom
that we should strengthen, not weaken her.
We may go on in military triumphs. We may
despoil Mexico of her provinces, and one by one,
as taken, may be subject of renewed congratula-
tion; but the very possession may prove to us the
surest and bitterest curse. Is there nothing of dan-
ger in wars of conquest? Does the terrible expe-
rience of other empires, enlarged by military pos-
session—-another name for conquest and plunder—
teach us no salutary lesson ? Is history to us a
sailed hook, which we cannot open? Do the very*
scenes over which our conquering army now
passes, bring to memory no warning associations,
no instances of retributions, dealt forth by an Al-
mighty hand, upon another people, who, three hun-
dred years ago, took military possession of that
same country ? When the Spaniard had completed
his conquest of Mexico, had hurled to the dust and
broken forever the sceptre of Montezuma, the heart
of the Spanish monarch on his throne did leap for
joy and swell with pride. When he thought of
the wide dominions added to his original empire
of the beauty and fertility of its plains; the inex-
haustible nehes of its mines; the splendor and
magnificence of its cities, he looked upon Spain as
the glory of the world, and the beauty of its ex-
cellence. But He who humbles man's pride, and
brings to naught his wisdom, and frustrates his
| well-laid schemes, made the very wealth and terri-
tory won by conquest, the very curse which, with
more than mountain's weight, for centuries has
crushed her down.
The greatest captain of the age, at the very hour
when his conquest of a continent seemed complete,
congratulated himself that the foundations of his
power were so deeply laid, that nothing could
shake them. God himself, as if in scorn, as he
commisioned the stars in their courses to fight
against Sisera, commissioned the stormy wind and
the chilling blast, to fight against the Corsican, and
the hour of his proudest exaltation but preceded
the moment of his fall and lowest debasement.
By the irresistible decree of almighty and retribu-
tive justice, the monarch of a continent was torn
from his throne, and driven, like a leaf before the
wind, forever from his kingdom. Does fear fling
no dark shadow across that pathway, along which
our rulers would hurry us ? Sir, this vast addition
of territory may only prove to us an element of dis-
| cord, a cause of weakness. I do not believe that
j our people have that lust of conquest which seems
] to affect politicians on this floor. Cortez told the
Mexicans that the Spaniards had a disease of the
heart which nothing but gold could cure. But our
country has no disease, which nothing but new ter-
ritory can cure. Whilst they may be willing to
have additions made to their present limits, they
will think addition not only useless, but injurious,
if it weaken one ligament which ties these States
in their present fraternal and harmonious associa-
tion.
But, sir, again: I am in favor of the passage of
this bill, not only for the purpose of compensating
those soldiers who have been engaged in the ser-
vice, but as an inducement to those who may here-
after engage. The additional pay will prove an
additional stimulant to the war. It will call into
the field for five years, or during the war, a better
class of soldiers than you can otherwise obtain.
We were told when this war commenced that*
peace would be conquered in ninety days. Nine
months have elapsed, and still no peace is had;
and no man 'can foresee when war will terminate.
In the other end of the Capitol it has been, by the
Chairman of Foreign Affairs, announced, that
there is no prosj^ct of a speedy termination. The
newspapers inform us, and official documents con-
firm it, that the Mexicans exhibit a fiercer hatred,
a more indomitable courage, than before; that
oaths have been taken by Mexican people and
rulers, that no peace shall be made so long as one
American soldier treads the Mexican soil. In
this condition of things, the President of the Uni-
ted States, who, by the Constitution, is charged
with the responsibility of prosecuting this war,
asks for more men and money. Let him have
j hem; refusal will only indicate division of coun-
sel, and prolong the war. You are in it now;
retreat would be" disgraceful. So long as the army
is in the field, let it be fully sustained. So long as
the present counsels hold in Washington, no peace
can be secured till the Mexicans are conquered.
Therefore, as we are to have war, let it be as vig-
orously prosecuted and briefly terminated as pos-
sible. Why have not the whole fifty thousand
volunteers, and fifteen thousand regulars, which
Congress authorized the President to raise, been
long before this under arms? Another hot Mexi-
can sun should not beam its baleful heat and its
pestilential influence, on our brave army. Furnish
it with means of transportation and subsistence,
which has not thus far been done. Do not cripple
it by failing to furnish the proper equipment and
supply, which thus far has been done. Do this,
or withdraw your army. Let decision and ener-
gy, at least, mark your plans and purposes. Above
all, keep the people no longer in the dark in rela-
tion to this war. Let them know, what you have
been too long afraid to tell them, that it is likely
to be a prolonged, bitter, and certainly a costly
war. Let them know, you have either been de-
ceived, or that you have been deceiving the nation.
Tell them the enemy have presented a bolder front
than was anticipated. That we are in a* war
which will rouse up and call forth the energies of
the country. Talk about no petty tax on tea and
coffee. Present a schemc of finance adequate to
the wants of the country. Be not afraid to meet
the responsibilities of your acts. Do not tremble
before consequences which you have produced.
i: Give the President all the men he wants, and at-
1 tach these men to the service by good and certain
" pay. My hour is expiring—I therefore cease.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEEdH OF MR. E. D. CULVER,
of new york,
In the Hocse of Representatives,
January 20, 1847.
The House, in Committee of the "Whole, having
under consideration the Naval Appropriation
Mr. CULVER said:
Two rules, Mr. Chairman, are said to obtain for
the regulation of our conduct toward our fellow-
men: one is denominated the "Golden rule," teach-
ing us to do to others as we would have them to
do to us; the other is called the " Silver rule,"
practically teaching us to do to others as they do to
