1847.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Culver.
Ho. of Reps.
In the few remarks I propose to submit on the
President's war, to aid which this bill is to be pass-
ed, and in reply to the arguments of his defenders
on this floor, I have concluded to adopt the Silver
rule. I have long since become convinced, that in
■warring with savages, their weapons—the hatchet,
the tomahawk, and the scalping-knife—were most
effective. Heavy artillery and well-planted batte-
ries cannot always be used to advantage in dislodg-
ing- an enemy which dodges behind trees, or shoots
from thickets. The course of the gentlemen over
the way, in defending their President on this Mex-
ican war, is one peculiar to men struggling in a
bad cause. Scarcely can any two of them be found
resting their defence on the same ground; and most
fortunate has any one of them been, if he could
complete his own speech without having one part
of it clash with the other. Like the man running
the mill-pond, he leaves no bridge behind him on
which another may venture, but instead of it, an
hundred logs, floating and tipping, happy that he
has saved himself in his race. I have been not a
little&mused at one argument resorted to by the
friends of Mr. Polk. It is the summum argumen-
tum, the surrebutter, the dead shot, that kills when
all others fail; and that is, the charge of '' Old
Federalists," " Opposers of the war of 1812,"
" Enemies of the country," "Jlnti-toar," "Peace-
party mm." These changes have been rung with
great flippancy by the Executive and his trained
yelpers, from the highest to the lowest. With
these stale epithets, they have sought to brand all
those who question the necessity, or challenge the
justice of this war.
Now, sir, as I am one of the "immortal fourteen,"
who washed my hands in the outset, of all participa-
tion in this war—one of that small, but consistent few,
who fear not to be catechised here or elsewhere for
their course—one, too, of that number, which have
suddenly obtained a comparative popularity for
their admitted consistency, I shall take the liberty
to examine somewhat in detail these charges and
epithets. I am disposed to hold up the mirror of
" Old Federalism" to some of the gentlemen over
the way, that they may see their own, and the
faces of their fathers and grandfathers. But be-
fore doing that, let me devote a moment to analy-
zing the charge, that opposition to this war is iden-
tical with opposition to the last war. Whence the
origin of such a sentiment ? Were the two wars
identical in their nature, causes, and objects ? Nay,
is there one trait of resemblance between them ?
The war of 1812 was meritorious in itself. There
existed deep-seated, long-standing causes of com-
plaint. An ancient, haughty, and powerful foe
impressed our seamen, restricted our rights on the
ocean, and inflicted wrongs without number upon
our country. To redress those wrongs, to vindi-
cate those rights, to chastise that enemy, we waged
the war. That war became popular. Opposition
to it, in the end, was im-popular. Hence, dema-
gogies have taken advantage of its popularity; and
for the last twenty-five years, in all the marks and
issues that have distinguished parties, these dema-
gogues have sought to identify themselves with the
friends, and their opponents with the enemies, of
that war. Their argument amounts to this: the war
of 1812 was a just war, therefore, all wars are just; |
that war was popular, therefore every war will be
popular; opposition to .that war turned out to be
i«i-popuIar, therefore opposition to this war will be
unpopular. This, sir, is strange logic; strange
conclusions from such premises. There is scarce-
ly an element of similarity in the two wars. This
was aggression in its origin, has conqu^t for its
object, and territorial aggrandizementlMfcts end.
The en or of the gentleman lies in not taking
into account the different circumstances attending
the two cases. You might as well aver that calo-
mel cured one man, therefore it will cure every
man,no matter v/hat the type, the malignity, or the
stage of the disease. But the gentlemen's argument
proves too much. From their premises I can draw
very different, but much more truthful conclusions.
The Florida war was unpopular, therefore this war
will be unpopular; the instigators and abettors of
that war were frowned down by the people, there-
fore the instigators of this war will be put down.
Is not the argument, Mr. Chairman, as conclusive
in the latter as in the former case? Yes, sir, and
far more so; for between the Florida and the Mex-
ican war there are striking points of affinity. The
one was waged for the extermination of a poor
remnant of Seminole Indians, who refused to sur-
render their homes, and put themselves into the
power of their enemy; the other is waged against a
poor, distracted, and faction-torn republic, because
she refused to allow us to seize and despoil her of
a third of her realm. And while on this topic of
war-popularity, let me ask the friends of the Ex-
ecutive what laurels did you ever know won by
the heroes of this Florida war ? Who chants the
praises of the bloodhounds' associates, that trav-
ersed those swamps, and captured a few squaws ?
What friends urge their claims for political promo-
tion, because of their valorous deeds in that war?
None, sir. Their names and their deeds sleep in
unruffled repose. And I warn gentlemen over the
way, as with the voice of a prophet, that a like
infamous notoriety will hang ai'Ound those who
have plunged us into this unnecessary and wanton-
ly waged war.
But, sir, let me add a word further in relation
to the war of 1812. Popular as that war proved
to be, and just as it was m itself, yet it drew not
a tithe part'of its popularity from its own intrinsic
merits. Nine-tenths of its popularity was by the
relation this war bore to the war of the Revolution.
It was a relative popularity. In the war of 1812,
had France, instead of Great Britain, for the same
cause, on the same provocation, been our pitted
antagonist, not one-half the zeal and enthusiasm
could have been aroused among the people; not
one-tenth of the glory and popularity would have
gathered about the war and its supporters. No,
sir, it was the enemy we were fighting, that gave
point and relish to the combat. We were cancel-
ling an old grudge, paying off an old debt, chas-
tising an old enemy, and the reckoning was sweet.
This, sir, was what made the war of 1812 popular,
and was the cause of the ultimate discomfiture of the
party, which exhibited ail organized opposition.
But let me go one step further. Let me ask
you, Mr. Chairman, what was there in the war of
the Revolution so marked, so peculiar, so distin-
guishing, that rendered it popular with all classes ?
What element, what ingredient was there in it, by
which it could transfer its popularity over to a war
thirty years after'
Ah, sir! we had ill thai war what we fall far
short of m this—we had right and justice and
God on our side. We could lay our hand upon
"our heart, and look up to Heaven asking the aid
of the God of battles. It was the deep-seated, the
well impressed conviction of the justice of our
cause, that made the conflict popular, rousing the
entire masses, diffusing patriotism through all the
avenues of society, waking the pulpit, unlocking
the press, inspiring the social and the fireside cir-
cles. It was this conviction that stimulated the
patriotic father to gather his family around linn,
kiss his children, and go forth to the field; it was
this that inspired'the patriotic mother to urge for-
ward her sons, and send them away to the battle
scene; it was this that nerved the soul of the de-
voted wife, though it were like severing the heart-
strings, to rise up before it was day, get ready the
provisions, buckle the knapsack upon her hus-
band's shoulder, follow him to the door, and, with
j a quivering lip, commit him to the care of Him
I who presided over the destinies of the battle. Sir,
i such a cause was Worthy of such patriotism, and j
such patriotism demanded just sucAacause. But, |
j oh, what a sickening change! What a disheart-
; ening contrast, when we drop from that noble,
; elevated, holy conflict, down to the disreputable
quarrel into which the Executive has plunged us
i with Mexico ! Go the length and breadth of the
I land, and with the exception of a few collared par-
| tisans, and a slight sprinkling of whiskered office-
i seekers, you find one deep-fixed and avowed scorn
| for the war, its objects, and its instigators. The
' great mass of the tax-paying and justice-abiding
people, hold it in contempt. And yet gentlemen
whistle up their courage, and try to liken it to the
war of 1812, and the war of the Revolution, thun-
1 dermg anathemas on all that question its justice
! and arraign its author.
| But, Mr. Chairman, I rose mainly to have a little
'■friendly discourse with some of these modern Dem-
l ocrats about "Old Federalism." This is the ghost
! they shake at us, when all others fail to frighten,
j I propose to examine with what grace this chaige
! comes from that side of the House.
You will recollect, sir, as will all who hear me,
with what nimbleness of tongue several gentlemen
on that side, when all other arguments failed them,
when they felt the issues were against them, that
their President stood forth a convicted usurper,
have sought as a last resort to charge us with the
sin of "Old Federalism," the "anti-War Party."
Among others, sir, ringing these changes, stood
forth the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Payne,]
with his usual quantum of Democratic thunder and
tempest, branding us as "old Federalists;" slap-
ping Massachusetts in the face for her imputed
heresies: so also the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Stanton,] the semi-official organ of the Ex-
ecutive, followed in nearly the same wake. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy] reiterated
the charges with great boldness, pronouncing us
the "old Federal party elongated." And then, sir,
to show himself more courageous than all who
preceded him, the gentleman from the northwest
district of Ohio [Mr. Sawyer] comes down upon
us with his sledge-hammer, talking about "Tories,"
"same old Federal party," "same old coons,"
ifcc., &c. Sir, I shall pay my respects to that gen-
tleman, and canvass his Democracy and his votes
before I am done. Then, again, Mr. Chairman,
the learned gentleman from the Chilicothe district,
[Mr. Thurman,] you will recollect, at the last ses-
sion attempted the entire demolition of the Whig
party by his " old Federal" epithets. He fancied
he had annihilated his three colleagues [Giddings,
Delano, and Tilden] for their anti-Mexican-war .
avowals; not by overturning their positions, gain-
saying their facts, or answering their arguments, --
but by large quotations from old "Federal papers"
and Federal pulpits. It was thought certainly that
such a speech, and such arguments, would avail;
that it would redeem Ohio, save New York, and
blow up the Whig party. It was the " big Bun-
combe speech," calculated for circulation, was sent
largely into Ohio; liberally subscribed for by my
Democratic colleagues, and" sent into the river coun-
ties, New York. But strange to**tell, sir, Ohio
heeded not the " Democratic" moanings; she sends
eleven Whigs and a half, in place of eight, to the
next Congress, and even the Chilicothe district is
to be represented by a "Federal Whig;" and the
river counties, New York, (God be praised!) will
present in the Thirtieth Congress an almost un-
broken Whig phalanx. So we would say to the
Chilicothe gentleman, "a few more such, if you
please.'''
But, Mr. Chairman, one incident connected with
these extracts was both amusing and instructive.
They are nearly every one of them from the " old
Federal papers" of two States, Pennsylvania and
Massachusetts; from which we were left to infer,
that the gentleman from the Chilicothe district had
been cloistered with two "old Federalists," now
or lately in Mr. Polk's Cabinet—Mr. Buchanan
and Mr. Bancroft. These gentlemen, from their
early predilections, had probably provided them-
selves with copious files of "Federal papers."
But, sir, it is to be regretted that Mr. Buchanan
omitted (by mistake, I hope) to furnish the gentle-
man with one more extract; that is from a certain
" Federal" oration, delivered in Lancaster, Penn-
sylvania, soon after the war, by one James Btr-
chanan, in which the war, James Madison, and
the Democratic party, are very roughly handled.
But I will allude to this quotation when I come to
canvass "Democracy" by States. I should men-
tion also in passing, that among others, my Dem-
ocratic colleague from the Delaware district, New
York, [Mr. Gordon,] has joined in this cry, char-
ging, that as in 1812, so there is now a party fight-
ing against the country.
Here, then, we are confronted by a great and
powerful party, united by no ligament but the co-
hesive power of plunder, no common sentiment
but the threadbare name of " Democracy"—a
paity conducting its entire operations on a system
of demagoguism,appealing to old issues, old names,
drawing the eye off from the true points, branding
their ad versaries as " old Federalists," and pluming
themselves on their " Democracy." Challenge one
of them to stand up and defend his subtreasury,
" Oh, you are an old Federalist!" Call on him to
vindicate his tariff, " Oh, you are an old blue-
light!" Press him to stand up and defend the
usurpations of his President, " Oh, you are the old
anti-war party!" "Your fkther wore the black
