1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Issue of Treasury Notes—Mr. Miller.
Ho, of Reps.
becomes suicidal before it closes. It incautiously
admits, these places were in Mexico and not in
Texas. Speaking of the achievement of our arms
during the past year, he says: " we have acquired
military possession of the Mexican provinces, New
Mexico,, New Leon, Coahuila, Tamaulipas."
Strange acquisition, if we owned them before.
Again: he says, " the province," (mark the ex-
pression,) the province of New Mexico, loith Santa
Fe, its capital, has been captured without blood-
shed." Ah! Santa Fe, then, thirty miles this side
the Rio Grande, is the capital of a Mexican prov-
ince, instead of a city of Texas or the United
States ? Strange capturing, too, to capture one of
our own cities, and swear its inhabitants over to
new allegiance; putting them under a military
chieftain. Mr. Chairman, I am sick in pursuing
this argument. Truth, sir, is always consistent
■with itself, while villany, national or personal, is
hard to dovetail into smooth work. *•
Well, then, as to title by conquest or occupation,
is not the proof all on one side ? Can Texas show
one scrap of legitimate evidence by either? Did
she not attempt in 1839 and 1842 the unfortunate
expeditions of Mier and Santa Fe? Expeditions
which Mr. Benton called " disastrousWere
not these for the very purpose of conquering this
territory which Texas had never occupied ? And
was not every man in the two expeditions cut off,
either killed or taken prisoner? Where, then, the
title by conquest! Mexico is still left in her three
hundred years undisturbed occupation.
The President, aware that his title by conquest
or occupation might prove vulnerable, makes an
attempt to strengthen it by " treaty." This is his
last resort for title. I will examine that a moment,
and then leave him.
He says that " in May, 1836, Santa Ana, by a
treaty, in the 'most solemn form, (mark the expres-
sion,) recognised the independence of Texas, with
the Rio Grande for its boundary." From that
" solemn treaty" Mr. Polk argues our title. Oh,
■what a stoop of dignity! What a draught on the
credulity of the people! Why did he not give us
the attending facts, that all could judge of that
"most solemn treaty?" They are these: Santa
Ana, m 1836, engaged the Texans in battle; was
defeated, put to flight, chased up a tree, or tangled
in the deep grass; was made prisoner; loaded with
chains: trembling and coward-like, he sues for
mercy; begs for his life, amid the infuriated sol-
diery; makes a preliminary agreement or £t trea-
ty," ceding to Texas all east oP the Rio Grande,
and providing for her independence, but all on con-
dition; and such was one of the articles of this " sol-
emn treaty," that he was to be sent home imme-
diately to procure its ratification by the Supreme
Congress at Mexico. After months of delay, and
after nearly every condition on the part of Texas
(by her own admission) was violated, the captive
President returns. The Mexican Congress spurn
his treaty—deny his right to bind them by it.
And yet, ten years after all that, an American
President, in the face of Vattel, and Grotius, and
Puffendorf, in the face of all political authority,
in contempt of the judgment of the civilized word,
is found gravely urging that treaty as the basis of
Texas's title to all that valley.
But, sir, if such is good law for Mexico, it
should be for us. The President and his friends
ought to abide by their own doctrine. I will give
them a case, and demand an answer. Suppose
that James K. Polk, in virtue of his being com-
mander-in-chief of the army, had chosen to con-
duct the expedition in Mexico in person; he leads
the army to Monterey, lights, pursues his victory
too far beyond, is surrounded, ensnared, chased
up a tree, (if you can conceive of him in so elevated
a position,) is captured, loaded with chains, sur-
rounded by an enraged populace, his life threat-
ened, and, trembling like the aspen leaf, he begs
for mercy, signs a "treaty in the most solemn form,"
giving to Mexico all west of the Mississippi, re-
cognising that as the boundary line, providing in
his " treaty" that he shall have his life spared, and
go home to procure its " ratification" by the " su-
preme Government" at Washington. He returns:
presents it. The Senate trample it under their
feet; deny his authority, as a captive, to make any
treaty. Wine years afterwards, however, the
Mexican armies are seen advancing to the west
branch of the Mississippi. Their eagles, and
plumes, and banners, are displayed. The people
of Missouri flee before them, setting fire to their
villages and towns. The invaders plant their can-
non opposite Natchez, cut off its supplies, point-
ing their guns to its very heart. The people of
Natchez call on the invading general for his au-
thority. "Oh," says the Mexican, "don't you
know that, nine years ago, your President, ' in
the most solemn form.,' on the end of a hemlock log,
near Monterey, made a treaty, giving Mexico all
west of this river, recognising it as the boundary
line?" "Ah, but," say the Mississipians, " he
was a captive, and could make no treaty; besides,
the Senate never ratified, but rejected it." " No
matter for that," cries the wily Mexican, "it was
a treaty, solemn in form; we hold you to it, and
will fight you if you back from it. Moreover, to
strengthen that doubtful ' treaty,' do you not know
that Mexico, by her Congress, the same year,
passed a solemn act, defining this river as her east-
ern boundary?" Mr. Chairman, what would be
said of such a claim ? W^ill any one of my friends
over the way rise and defend that case for Mexi-
co ?—a case the very transcript of our own. Who
would defend Mexico's claim on such authority ?
I pause for an answer. Where, then, the dilfer-
ence ? The difference would be, that we have the
: brass to make the claim, and the power to enforce
it. Mexico might have the impudence to claim,
but not the ability to perfect it. VVc are condemned
for our rashness; she would be derided for her
weakness.
I ask, in the name of Heaven, have we no sense
of shame and justice left? Have truth and integ-
rity forever fled from us? Is our Government,
by its wicked rulers, to be changed into a horde
of robbers and outlaws ? Have reason and judg-
ment made an elopement from our national brain ?
Will we exact, at the point of the sword, of a poor
! distracted sister republic, what we would despise
her for asking of us ? I leave those solemn inqui-
ries for the Executive and those to whom he is re-
sponsible.
j 1 have barely touched upon the three main posi-
i lions assumed m the message, in defence of our
I title to the Rio Grande—the claim under the treaty
j of 1803, the act of Texas m 1836, and the treaty
j of Santa Ana. I had purposed to have said some-
; thing on the "rejection of our'mimster," the ro-
| turn of Santa Ana, and the extraordinary charac-
ter of the " new civil governments"erected. ljut 1
am prevented by your one hour shackle-bolt, and I
will draw to a close.
Before I sit down, I desire to respond to the in-
quiry so often propounded—What is the duty of
those who believe this war was needlessly and
wantonly waged? What duty do we owe to the
Executive, to our constituents, to the country?
i There is a sentiment floating around this Capitol,
I and elsewhere, " Our country, right or wrong." To
| this sentiment, carefully analyzed, and rightly un-
derstood, I fully subscribe. It is my duty, it is
yours, sir, it is the duty of every American to be
for his country, never against it. But in being for
my country, for her interests, her honor, I am to
judge and select the means contributing to those
ends. Being for my country, by no means im-
plies I am to aid in putting her in the wrong; or if,
by faithless and treacherous agents, she be put
there, that I am to aid in holding her there. Be-
ingfor my country, I should endeavor, first of all,
to keep her m the right; and if otheis place hei ill
thewiong, I should use every power with which
I am clothed to get her right. I am not to throw
up my cap, tread justice under my feet, and push
my country on in the wrong. In the case of the
subordinate, the soldier, the officer, I admit they
are not to inquire as to the right and the wrong,
but to obey orders. But when from the subor-
dinate you pass up to the citizen elector, he is a
part of the Government. He is responsible for the
power with which he is intrusted. He is bound
. | so to use his power as to promote the right, and
, i prevent the wrong. He is responsible for results
! | which his vote might have controlled. .And when
it from the elector, you pass still higher up, to the
[, representative, to the law-making branch of the
' Government, the responsibility is increased. To
| that department has the Constitution confided the
ji duty of guarding the honor and peace of the coun-
j| try; the duty of declaring war, of granting or with-
1! holding supplies; the duty of judging of the use
to which supplies are to be applied, of seeing they
are applied to an honorable and legitimate end.
In all these duties Congress is-not to be the mere
automaton of the Executive, moved and controlled
by his will. It is a coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment, responsible to its constituency, to the
country, to God, for the discharge of its trust.
Need I say, then, an imperative duty devolves on
Congress not madly to push the country on in the
wrong, but by all honorable means to place her in
the righ t.
These, sir, are my sentiments. I commit no
man or party in their avowed. I believe them the
sentiments of my honest constituency. Theyfeel,
one and all, as I do, a burning indignation at this
disgraceful war in which we are plunged. Nor is
this indignation confined to them, it is deep, wide-
spread, and almost universal.
A fearful retribution awaits the author of this
calamity. To that retribution, which an indig-
nant, an outraged people will surely visit upon
him—do I commit the Executive. And when ho
shall have sunk one hundred millions more of our
treasure; when ten thousand more of our soldiers
shall have slept, uncoffined, in Mexican graves;
when fresh tfears shall have gushed from thousands
of eyes for unreturned sons, and brothers, and
fathers, I leave him, then, to lay his hand on his
heart, look up to God, and justify his acts.
ISSUE OF TREASURY NOTES.
REMARKS OF MR. W. S. MILLER,
OF NEW YORIC,
In the House of Representatives,
Jcmuaiy 21, 1847.
On the Rill authorizing theissne of Treasury Notes,
a Loan, and for other purposes.
Mr. MILLER said:
Mr. Chairman: The Secretary of the Treasury
comes into the market of the wyrld for a loan of
twenty-fight millions of dollars! He must, in
his emergency, apply to the capitalists of his own
country or of Europe. He must negotiate on the
Exchange of London, or the Bourse of Pans, or
in Holland; or he must be accommodated in Wall
street, State street, or Chestnut street. He is
driven to deal with those odious monopolists, the
banks, and to make himself at home with brokers
and money dealers. The country is m war, and
must have money.
Mr. Walker, then, must go to capitalists; and
the first question which these gentlemen ask him
is, "Well, Mr. Secretary, how stand the United
States securities?" " Why, (says Mr. Walker,)
it must be confessed they are but poorly; they
stood at one hundred and fifteen when I took hold
of the treasury; and now I find they are below
par!" <£ But what other inducement can you hold
out than a fall of about one per cent, a month in
your securities'1 Give us some better proof of
your financiering skill, Mr. Walker."
u I have red need the tariff, (says Mr. Walker,)
till I find I cannot get along with the ordinary dis-
bursements of Government without a tax on tea
and coiiee." "Good again,'' says the capitalist.
"And what else have you done to facilitate your
borrowing negotiation.'" " I have prevailed upon
Congress to christen sundry strong boxes in a
ceitam act mentioned, ' the Treasury of the United
States,' and to set apart the gold and silver in the
country for the special uses of the Government, to
be weighed and counted, and piled up m my strong
boxes."
Such are the inducements which the Secretary
of the Treasury can hold out to the capitalists! It
is on such arguments that he goes out to borrow
money! The disastrous result of his measures on
the ciedit of his country has no influence on him,
and he obstinately persists in them, in contempt
of the experience of mankind, and as if reckless
at what cosc to the nation he should avoid the hu-
miliation of his own vanity and self-esteem. War
to the knife against manufacturing establishments
and protected industry ! War to the knife against
banking institutions and moneyed men! Crush
them, trample them, strip them; and yet go to
them, cap in liand, and modestly beg a loan of
twenty-eight millions of dollars, which would
