256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 21,
29tii Cong.....2d Sess.
Issue of Treasury Notes—Mr. Miller.
Ho. of Refs.
. enable the treasury, with the aid of their strong
^ bosses and, clumsy financiering, to beggar half the
business men in the land.
Now, Mr. Chairman, we have got large loans
to make. With the increasing expenses of a war
extending daily the area of its operations, and with
a remoter'prospect of concluding.it than we had at
its commencement, it is idle te doubt that millions
on millions of dollars will be required for its prose-
cution and completion. However we may regard
this war, it will be carried on. Our fleets and
armies must be maintained. Supplies will be voted
to any and every extent that may be deemed ne-
cessary, and our free republic will be added to the
long list of the nations which have squandered
their substance in wars for the glory of their rulers,
and the entailment of poverty, distress, debt, and
dishonor upon the people.
The Mexican war will continue at an annual
expense of $50,000,000. And 1 am only anxious
that it should be conducted at the cost of those who
are waging it, and not at the cost of the rising or
coming generations. You cannot legislate public
stocks into a value which they do not intrinsically
possess-, and by merely passing a loan bill, whether
of stocks or treasury notes, you cannot substantially
relieve the distresses of the Secretary. By giving
M-r. Walker authority merely to borrow money,
you are doing nothing, absolutely nothing, to re-
trieve the waning credit and honor of the country.
You are doing nothing to increase public confi-
dence, or to enable him to burrow the first dollar
with any additional facility. Wc may go on, sir,
and raise the money m spite of a reduced tariif, m
spite of a sub-treasury, in spite of a war with Mexi-
co, in spile of increased expenditures and an in-
creased debt. In spite of any and all these evils,
on some terms or other, in some market or other,
the United States can get all the money they want
for this war, or any other war in which they may
be unfortunately engaged. It is not the withhold-
■ ing of a petty tax upon tea and coffee; it is not the
waging of a war of conquest and aggrandizement;
it is not the accumulation of blundering and stupid
measures of pulilic policy, moral, military, or
financial-, it is not any one of these causes, nor all
combined, that can utterly destroy the credit of
twenty millions of people, backed by the resources
of a continent, and enjoying the markets of. the
world. I admit, however, that these combined
causes may compel even the United States to raise
money at desperate sacrifices, and at discreditable
rates—at sacrifices too desperate arid rates too dis-
creditable to authorize lis to pass this bill, or any
similar bill, whilst these causes aie in full opei-
ation.
* I am ready, however, to vote supplies to any
extent the Administration may ask. The credit
and honor of the country must be sustained, cost
what it may. The bill specially provides that
none of the proposed loan, or stocks, or notes,
shall be issued at less than par. Do we not all
know, sir, the impossibility of giving a fictitious
value to public securities by legislation i This
game has been tried in other countries, and laws
have been passed making it penal in subjects to re-
fuse the paper money of Government at its face.
United States stocks arc now selling at 97. Will
they rise when Mr. Walker sends a new supply of
them into market? But if the stocks do not rise,
where is Mr. Walker to get the money from ? Bor-
row it on a pledge of treasury notes ! He cannot
sell at less than par; but the act is intended to give
him, 1 believe, authority to pledge the treasury
notes at par, and to obtain such sums on them as
he can. He can pledge $100,000 at six per cent.
at par, and receive thereon'only $75,000 or $50,000,
as lie can bargain, leaving the difference as addi-
tional security. If such is not the intention of the
last clause of the fourth section, it is a useless one.
But when he has pledged all that the capitalists
can take of him, what then? He will pay public
creditors with them; he will buy with them. How,
Mr. Chairman ? Will he force those creditors to
take treasury notes selling at 97 or 90 for then-
face in specie? That is out of the question. How
then? Why, he must pay just as much more m
treasury notes as the treasury notes are bringing
in the market less than par. If the notes are at 10
per rent, discount, the War and Navy Depai tments
are charged just 30 per cent, more for the articles
they purchase than is paid by those who deal in
the common currency of the country. It amounts
to the same thing in the end. This provision by
•law, that these* notes should never be sold at less
than par, would be well enough if we could also
provide that they should never be worth less than
par. Suppose an individual merchant should take
the ground that he would never pay more than six
per cent, for money, and money is worth 10 per
cent. He finds,himself compelled to borrow, but
adheres to his determination; he goes to the wall,
of course. He fails. The Government can no
more keep its notes at par when they are not worth
par than the merchant can.
I will hope, therefore, that the provision for
pledging, at least, may be stricken out. Let the
Secretary go into the market as any merchant in
good credit would do; get his money openly and
fairly for what it is worth. The country will have
to pay what it is worth in one shape or other.
We all know that. Let it be done in the light of
day. Let the people see it. Do not disguise it,
by shuffling about with pawnbrokers and by huck-
stering with public creditors.
Sir, I intend to vote the supplies whatever shape
the bill may take, protesting against the means by
which they are raised, and exposing these flagrant
absurdities to the people. For, sir, though it is
not in the power of the minority in this House to
control events; though we cannot avert the evils
which threaten us; though we cannot save the
credit and honor of the country; though we can-
not put aside the burdens which, successful or un-
successful, war always binds upon the neck of the
people; yet we can show the people how and why
it is that they suffer, and call to a fearful reckon-
ing the authors and architects of all this mischief.
Suppose we pass this bill. Mr. Walker himself
tells us, that without a " tax upon tea and coffee"
he shall be hard pushed to get his money on decent
terms. And why, sir?
First of ail, on account of the stjbtreasury. I
do not propose to examine in detail the objections
to this barbarous system of collecting and disbur-
sing the public moneys; though it strikes at the
root of civilization, and lends all the aid and au-
thority of our great republic to the undoing of that
credit and confidence among men which have been
for centuries the substitutes for gold and silver, and
have multiplied, to an indefinite extent, the resour-
ces and the comforts of mankind. It is enough for
me, sir, that on its first suggestion it met with the
decided condemnation of our people. Mr. Van Bu-
ren made an appeal to the "sober second thought"
of that people, and the answer was more emphatic
and more indignant than at first. It swept from
the board all the men who had been mainly instru-
mental in introducing and recommending this odi-
ous and despotic measure. Once, twice, thrice,
the people pronounced against it; and it was dead
and buried, as we all thought, in the common grave
of " obsolete ideas." No one seriously imagined
that any sane politician would attempt to revive it;
and yet one of the first measures of this Adminis-
tration and of this Congress, among many other
equally extreme and violent manifestations of party
feeling and purpose, was to set this machine agoing
again, armed with all its original powers of destruc-
tion. And, in Heaven's name, for what possible
good purpose? What evil was it to remedy5 What
desirable result was it to accomplish ? What was
it, but a monstrous project to sever the mutual
moneyed lelations and dependencies of the people
and the Government? What was it, but the intro-
duction of settled and permanent distinctions be-
tween the currency of the community and the cur-
rency of its rulers? What but the anmlulat on of
those financial sympathies between the head and the
members of the body politic, which can best give,
or that can alone give,life and impulse to the whole?
What but vesting m the great financial operator of
i the country a monopoly of the com, and thus an
I' unlimited control over all our business and enter-
!; prise? What but giving to politicians in place an
K absolute money power, uncontrollable, irresponsible,
 j to attain which we have laughed to scorn the im-
j; provements and the experience of ages, and sacn-
ji ticed the business and hopes of the nation ?
Why, sir, what a spectacle does this legislation
1« exhibit! We are near the middle of the nineteenth
century, and, by the agency of the printing press
and the steam engine in the diffusion of intelligence,
n and the interchange of communication, wc are en-
abled to profit by the accumulated wisdom of all
time and space. What has been done in past ages,
is laid up for us and spread abroad in the land.
"What is doing for the advancement of science and
civilization, travels with almost lightning celerity
from nation to nation. Never was a people better
situated than ours are, to know and profit by every
thing that the mind of man has accomplished or
can devise for the amelioration of our condition,
and the general progress of our race. We had
largely profited by our noble opportunities. We
had seen a system of confidence and credit sup-
planting the hard-money system of earlier and
ruder ages, substituting an inexpensive scrip of
paper for ingots of gold and silver in conducting
the complicated transactions of mankind, and car-
rying millions on millions from one extremity of
the world to the other by a mere stroke of the pen.
Gold in New York gave us creditat Canton; credit
in NevfYork or^Janton, gave us credit in London
or New Orleans.* Thus the decreasing supply of
the precious metals did not diminish the general
circulation of the world. The deficiencies of gold
and silver were made good by the immaterial sub-
stitute and representative of property that existed,
and still exists, in the shape of commercial confi-
dence and credit. In the enjoyment and use of
these substitutes for the precious metals—-the
equally precious substitutes of integrity, enterprise,
skill, ingenuity—we Stave seen the resources and
energy of this country developed to an extent, that
with the old currency of the world would have
been impracticable, and under any system of things
is almost incredible. It is because men have had
confidence in each other and their Government,
and because the masses throughout the world have
had confidence in our free institutions, and because
we have been able to give form and substance to
this confidence by a cheap, instead of a costly,
representative, that from three millions of people
we have become twenty millions; that from an im-
poverished and exhausted Confederacy of thirteen
States, we have become the mighty, rich, and pow-
erful empire that wc now are, proudly rivalling the
only free nation on the face of the earth that has
profited to the same extent that we have by these
improved instruments and agencies of commerce.
If we were to break up our noble fleets of mer-
chantmen, strip them of sails, and explode our
steam engines, and undertake to carry on our im-
mense commerce with the remotest nations by
means of Roman galleys or Indian canoes, we
should exhibit but a faint type of the fatuity which
contemplates the abandonment or destruction of
the credit system, and a return to the sole use of
the precious metals, as either the commercial or
the popular currency of the country.
And now, sir, what is the great evil—the para-
mount, overshadowing, insurmountable evil—
which results from the repudiation of this system
by Government, and the return, on their part, to
the barbarous system of hard money ? The great
blow is the withdrawal, of the aid and countenance
of Government from the system of confidence and
credit. If this system is not safe for the Govern-
ment, it is not safe for the people. The credit sys-
tem rests on the mutual trust, favor, and sympa-
thy of the Government and the people. Both must'
have an interest in maintaining it. Withdraw from
it the countenance of Government, to that extent
you impair its efficiency and usefulness, and to the
same extent you cripple the energies and the indus-
trial resources of the people; all classes of the peo-
ple, sir, farmers, mechanics, laborers,manufactur-
ers, merchants. This inevitably reacts upon the
Government, and Mr. Walker finds this reaction
when he goes into the market to borrow money.
; To illustrate some of the topics I have thus dis-
; cussed by reference to details. A merchant my-
: self, I know something practically of these matters;
and wc may say pretty safely, that even the best
, of shoemakers cannot know where the shoe pinches,
. like him who wears it.
; I have a statement before me, which may con-
i vince gentlemen that Government can carry on all
: its operations with the same facility as banks and
: merchants in the ordinary currency of the country.
i The operations of Government are not so large,
\\ nor of such a nature, as to demand any different
!| or any better currency for their transactions, or
;! compel them to resort to any legislation exclusive-
ly for their supposed benefit. The statement to
