1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
29th'Cong 2d Sess.
Issue of Treasury Notes—Mr. Miller.
New Sehies No. 17.
which I refer is a memorandum of the business of
only six of the twenty-three banks in the city of
New York, showing their business for ten con-
secutive days, from the first to the tenth of Decem-
ber, inclusive. The sum total of receipts, for that
period, exceeds eixty millions two hundred thou-
sand dollars, and the sum total of payments also
exceeds sixty millions; making transactions ex-
ceeding the amount of one hundred and twenty
millions, or about twelve millions a day. On all
these transactions there was received and paid out
in specie under two hundred thousand dollars, or
something less than twenty thousand dollars a day.
The vast residue was received and paid out without
disturbing a single dollar of coin; and this whole
business completed easily in the banking period of
five hours. Now, sir, if the subtreasury system
is necessary or judicious in conducting the money-
ed operations of Government, it must be equally
wise in its application to the moneyed affairs of
individuals. Suppose, for a moment, that the
$12,000,000 in question were daily weighed and
counted in the six banks I have mentioned, bagged
or barrelled, and carted about the city, to be carted
back again probably to their original places of de-
posite. To all this trouble and vexation must be
added the loss of time, the liability of mistake in
the counting, the expense of transportation, and
the risk of dishonesty in the carriers.
And when we reflect, Mr. Chairman, that these
daily twelve millions of dollars represent transac-
tions with every State, and every depot of pro-
visions and merchandise in the Union, and with
every commercial city, and with every quarter of
the globe, we cannot but wonder at the simplicity
and cheapness of the contrivances by which the
necessary transfers of value are so readily effected;
and we cannot but still more wonder at the utter
folly and ignorance which would withdraw the
Government of this country from the enjoyment or
the recognition of their manifold advantages.
The specie basis of all these transactions does
not exceed three millions of dollars in the vaults of
the banks to which I have referred. The actual
ftosisis millions of property, which is passed from
hand to hand by the symbols of credit and confi-
dence in use among merchants. Now, this specie
basis, by the subtreasury act, is put under the con-
trol, or into the hands, of the receiver of public
moneys in the city of New York. He can abstract
it from the banks, and pile it up in the treasury
of the United States. The law makes it imperative
on him to receive it, and nothing else, in discharge
of the public dues, and to keep it after it is collect-
ed in his own coffers, and to make his own pay-
ments in it. What a state of things must this
produce in time of peace, at the season of the year
when there is a large amount of duties receivable.
Why, sir, it makes gold and silver no longer a
currency, but an article of merchandise. Specie
will derive a fictitious value from the fact of there
being large amounts wanted for the payment of
duties at the custom house, which must be paid,
and for which gold and silver must be got at all
hazards. The law is inexorable; there can be no
relief.
Look at the power tlgat is thus given to a sta-
tute, that must have its operation under any and
all circumstances. The evil may be postponed by
neutralizing evils. The curse of the subtreasury
may be averted by wars, and the expenditures
wars bring with them, and the necessity of treasu-
ry loans and treasury notes; or the issue, in other
words, of Government paper, receivable in the
payment of public dues. This course of things
may for a while disarm the subtreasury of some of
its mischief. But sooner or later the mischief must
come; and at that moment the Secretary of the
Treasury will hold in his hands the destinies of the
trading community.
You have given to an act of yours a power,
■which it will inevitably one day exercise, despotic
over private rights, commercial interests, and the
general welfare—a despotism more monstrous and
hideous than any other on the face of the globe,
because there is no human discretion or human
charity which can be invoked to arrest its career
of widespread ruin. It is only your intervention
which can prevent such a calamity as I have fore-
shadowed, and that must anticipate its coming.
When the evil is at work, it will be too late.
This act, sir, must and will be repealed. If we
17
are wise we shall repeal it ourselves. Repealed it
will be, for its practical inconvenience: repealed,
as a financial absurdity: repealed, as a relapse into
the darkness of barbarism: repealed, as at variance
with the habits of our people, and a statute insult
to their intelligence: repealed, as a reproach to civ-
ilization. and the spirit of the age. Repealed it will
be—if not by the present or the next Congress, at
farthest by that which will greet the advent of a
new Administration—an Administration which I
fondly hope will repair the evils, correct the blun-
ders, supply the deficiencies of the present, and
exhibit more energy and devotion in works that
may benefit and bless mankind, than the present
has exhibited in its works of overthrow, subjuga-
tion, and destruction.
Mr. Chairman, I remember among the argu-
ments urged against this system in former debates
was the suggestion that it created one currency for
the officeholders and another for the people, and
tended to monopolize what its authors called the
better currency for the officeholders. Now, sir,
did you ever see a payday in the departments?
The time was when a clerk took his wages in a
bit of paper, peihaps that he could put into his
waistcoat pocket, and which answered his purposes
without any inconvenience. Now, I am informed,
his monthly or quarterly stipend is sent to every
employee of the Government in a canvass bag,
which is kindly loaned him by the disbursing offi-
cer to carry home his ponderous wages in. Each
of these bags is marked and numbered, and is
labelled in conspicuous characters, " Bring back
the bag!'' Mr. Chairman, I fancy I can see this
interesting procession, on the first or last day of
the month, as the case may be, wending their way
from the respective Government buildings, each
member of it bearing his bag. They make the
circuit of the city, paying hpre and there their
little monthly bills, and soon find they have no-
thing left but their bags. They unite again, in a
melancholy proccssion, to replace their empty
bags, valued one cent each, in the treasury of the
TJmted States. The only advantage that has
hitherto accrued to the officeholders from the intro-
duction of the subtreasury has been the privilege
of paying their debts in gold and silver, and of
il bringing back the bag." The tradesmen who
receive the coin deposite a large amount of it forth-
with in their banks, while some little of it passes
into the general circulation of the country.
However, Mr. Chairman, it must be confessed,
if we can credit the Secretary of the Treasury, we
are growing so immensely rich under the benefi-
cent operation of the new tariff that we ought to
submit to all these absurdities without repining.
I do suppose, sir, that no country ever became so
suddenly enriched in literally less than no time by
the operation of any legislative act. Jack's bean,
in the nursery story, that climbed to the house top
in a single night, need excite no further marvel m
infant minds. Fairy tales may be culled hence-
forth from the reports of our Secretaries of the
Treasury.
There occurs in the last annual report of the Sec-
retary the following extraordinary passage: "The
4 aggregate value of cotton, rice, wheat, rye, In-
4 dicin corn, oats, and barley, was, on the 30th
' July, 1846, under the old tariff, $493,331,906; and
' on the 1st December, 1846, when the new tariff
' went into effect, $609,287,565—making an a«rgre-
i gate difference in the prices of $115,955,659."
Here the implication is of course that this great
increase of value is the result of the prospective
tariff. Mr. Walker, by this statement, intends this,
or he intends nothing but an attempt at juggling
and deception too gross to deceive or juggle any-
body. True, it may be that a short crop of cotton
on this side the water, and a short crop of bread-
stuffs on the other side, have stimulated demand
somewhat, partly real and partly speculative, and
created arise in prices to some extent, but in no
manner or form connected with the new tariff or
old tariff.
Why, sir, on the 1st of December, 1$45, when
the old tariff was in operation, flour was worth one
dollamand a half more per barrel than it was on the
1st of December, 1846, when the new tariff com-
menced to operate. Yes, sir, on that very last-
mentioned 1st of December, when the English free
trade was in operation, flour, as shown by a table
prepared from actual sales by a flour dealer, \yas
one dollar and eight cents a barrel less then it has
averaged for the last fourteen years. Was this
the consequence of the new taiiff? If I followed
the implied reasoning of Mr. Walker, I should say
that it was; but, as long as my sanity is spared, I
never shall run the risk of losing the reputation of
it by propounding any such absurdities.
But I must cite one more paragraph from Mr.
Walker, pushing this matter a little further: "Sup-
posing," says Mr. Walker, " the agricultural pro-
' ducts of the United States to have been of the
i value of fifteen hundred millions of dollars, at New
' York prices, in July; and supposing other arti-
' cles to have risen in price in the same proportion
' as those in the table, the increase in value in De-
i cember is equal to three hundred and fifty rail-
* lions five hundred thousand dollars.'* Here, sure-
ly, is an accession to the national wealth—nearly
four hundred millions of dollars in the space of four
months. And yet, sir, supposing Mr. Walker to
be correct in his statement—which, to be sure, is
a matter of guesswork, mere idle gossip—and ivhat
a small per centage of all this increase is realized from
foreign markets, or forms any real addition to the na-
tional ivcalth ' How trifling a portion, compara-
tively, of all this produce is exported. But Mr.
Walker himself seems to feel that he has been draw-
ing rather a long bow in this business, and " sup-
poses" another case for the edification of the Presi-
dent and Congress. " Supposing the average rise
' in prices to be equal to only one-half of what is
i stated in the table, the increase in value is equal
' to'one hundred and seventy-six millions two hun-
* dred and fify thousand dollars." Even this,sir, is
certainly a very large sum of money, and it would
take Mr. Walker's clerks and receivers a long
time to count it over in hard coin; and, if the na-
tion has been so largely enriched by the anticipated
benefits of Mr. Walker's tariff, how doubly dis-
graceful to the Administration is the impoverished
condition of the public treasury, and the miserable
condition of the national credit! The people are
becoming so very rich, while the Government is
becoming bankrupt! And Mr. Walker tells us, in
this slate of things, he wants always to keep on
hand four millions at least of specie, locked up in
the treasury. He is not the first man who has
made this use of gold and silver. We read in Holy
Writ of another " unprofitable servant," who was
no wiser than Mr. Walker, though we may sin-
cerely hope that Mr. Walker may be more fortu-
nate in his fate. But, in spite of his predilection
for coin, Mr. Walker, by his own acts, is reduced
to the miserable makeshift of treasury notes, or in
other words, nitre paper post notes, sent out on a
credit! There is not a bank in the city of New
York from which a loan at six per cent, could not
be procured. And yet the Treasury, which repu-
diates these institutions, and pretends to establish
for itself a better currency and a better credit, suf-
fers its paper to be hawked about at a discount,
and is quoted daily in the public prints at two or
three per cent, below par. Yes, sir, with all this
vast addition to the wealth of the people that Mr.
Walker claims for his measures, in spite of this
one hundred and seventy-six millions of increase,
his graceless constituents refuse him the trifle of a
two or three million tax upon tea and coffee, though
he tells them, with tears in his eyes, that he can-
not possibly get along without it. And, rich as we
arc growing, Mr. Walker proposes to mortgage
the fair and free domains of this great country to
Dutch or English money-lenders; to pledge the fu-
ture revenues of this magnificent empire to foreign
capitalists, or to anybody who will consent to take
his bonds.
Why, sir, foreign nations may well suppose us
to be in imminent danger of bankruptcy, repudia-
tion, and every imaginable disaster and disgrace,
when the Secretary of the Treasury himself so
far trifles with the credit and honor of the country
as to publish to the world that he could not nego-
tiate his loan on favorable terms, unless Congress
would tax tea and coffee. And when Congress,
by a marked vote, refuse to grant him this indis-
pensable requisition, he proposes no substitute, but
comes to us with a new demand for three-and-
twenty millions of dollars, which he himself has
pronounced to the world cannot be disposed of
except on unfavorable terms.
And permit me to add, Mr. Chairman, it is to
be attributed somewhat to this lauded tariff of
