262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 27,
29tii Cong 2d Sess. . The Spirit Ma tion in the Navy—Mr. John A. RocJcwell.
Ho. of Reps.
for money shall take. The Secretary and the
Financial Committee unite in recommending a tax
upon tea and coffee. Although not as equal, and
as just, as a tax upon all property, of all kinds,
would be, it is yet the readiest scheme for raising
money by taxation, and approximates equality
the nearest of any that has been submitted to
the House with any reasonable prospect of suc-
cess. A writer in the Daily Union thus well re-
plies to the "hue-and-cry" raised against the
proposition by the enemies to the war, in which
cry, I am sorry to say, a few of our friends have
most mistakenly, as J believe, incontinently joined;
<fTo show this unreasonableness of the cry against the ;
imposition of a duty on tea and coffee, it is only necessary I
to institute a comparison between the tax paid by the con- !
.suniers of sugar—certainly more a necessary of life than
either tea or coffee—under the tariff of 1842 and the ptes-
ent one; by which it appears that the proposed duty of
twenty-five percent, on tea and coffee, and the present duty
on sugar together, will not amount to so much tax on the
consumers of all these articles as the tax on sugar alone
under the tariff of 1842. By reference to the annual treasury
statements for the years 1841, 1842,3844, and 1845. (1843,
being made up for nine months only,is excluded,) it appears
that the average annual net imports of coffee, tea, and sugar,
for consumption, are as follows:
Average net Estimated Propos- Amount
import. value, edduty. of duty,
ifts. doll•?. ver ct. dolls.
Coffee  114,269,746 6,856,184 76 25 1,714,046 19
Tea  13,617,902 4,085,370 60 25 3,021,342 65
Total annual tax on tea and coffee  2,735,388 84
Average net Estimated Present Amount
import. value. duty. ot duty.
lh<i. dolls. per ct. dolls.
Sugar  147,733,785 5,909,351 40 30 1,772,805 42
Average annual production of domestic
sugar estimated at 160,000,000 lbs., and
the pi ice to the consumer supposed to
be increased by the amount of duty on
the same quantity of imported, say es-
timated value $6,400,000  30 1,920,000 00
Total annual tax on sugar  3,692,805 42
Total annual tax on tea, coffee, and sugar 6,428,194 26
Under the tariff of 1842, thp foregoing import of
147,733,785 lbs. feugar paid a duty of 2£- cts.
per 1!) $3,693,446 25
And the enhancement in the price
of domestic grown sugar, 160,-
000,000 lbs., equal to the duty of
2£ cts  4,000,000 00
 7,693,446 25
Excess of duty on sugar  3,265,251 99
t{ PJiowin? Thai the coiwimers oftliis eounlry xveie taxed,
under tho tariff of 1842, on augur alone, #j,265,2.">1 99 moie
than they would be on tea, eoflervuid <*!!var, together, under
the present tariff, including ihe duty of twenty-five pel cent,
proposed by the Secretary of the Trea uiy."
To carry on this war without accumulating a
largo and not easily managed debt, additional
means must be had beyond what our present rev-
enues yield. Those means, I, for'one, shall be
particularly careful to be found m favor of furnish-
ing, as I am not desirous of attaching to myself
the responsibility of unnecessarily augmenting the
public debt. For, undoubtedly, those who vote
supply bills are responsible for the increase of the
public debt, if they oppose an increase of the rev-
enue by other means than borrowing. It is not
to be doubted that many persons in this country
desire the creation of a large national debt; and
such, it can scarcely be uncharitable to suppose,
are the views of those who cheerfully vote for
large appropriations from the treasury on almost
all occasions, and yet resolutely vote against in-
creasing the income in any other way but by bor-
rowing. Evidently the people are willing to fur-
nish the means to prosecute this war, and are op-
posed to the creation of a debt which will require
many years of high taxation to extinguish.
If I am not mistaken in this, then I am bound to
fiuppose that all those members who vote for the
appropriation and against the tax bills, differ with
the people, and esteem it to be their duty to con-
fer upon a reluctant people what their agents con-
sider a benefit, viz: A Debt. Surely no one will
contend that the American people are in favor of a
Rational Debt, or that they are in favor of with-
holding from the Executive authorities either men
or money with which to carry on the war against
Mexico. Unless members of Congress believe they
will benefit the people by creating a debt for them
to pay, why do they, contrary to the popular judg-
ment, and contrary to the popular feeling, so vote
as to ensure the creation of a National Debt? Js
the vote given in wantonness? Is the vote given i
for the purpose of injuring our country ? I would
fain hope not. I am inclined to believe that the feel-
ing in favor of creating a national debt is more ex-
tensively entertained than many suppose, and that
it is cherished by many who are known to oppose
the debt-creating principle.
Men may, perhaps, sincerely subscribe to a prin-
ciple which is repugnant to their feelings. And thus
it is, lam afraid, with many honorable members:
nearly all avow themselves opposed to the principle
of so managing the public business as to cause a large
public debt to be created; and yet many are induced
by their feelings so to vote as to render its creation
inevitable. It is not for me to attempt to reconcile
this contradiction—it is sufficient for me to say, that,
could 1 have my way, the public business should be
so conducted as to make the income equal the ex-
penditure even in time of war with any but a first-
rate Power.
War, like all other luxuries, should be paid for
by those who enjoy it. Costly edifices, magnifi
cent schemes of improvements, and all other ex-
travagances, should be paid for by those who
order them. To posterity they may be as useless
as the debt would be oppressive. The war with
Mexico is believed to be just: at any rate, just or
unjust, it is our own affair, and the burdens of
which it may be the occasion, should be borne by
ourselves. We can war with Mexico, and defray the
expense thereof, without invoking the aid of other
nations, or of posterity. To assert the inability,
or the unwillingness, of this generation to fight the
battles and to pay the expenses of this war, is to
utter a libel upon our people. They are able, they
are willing, to meet the expenses—honorably and
promptly meet the expenses—of this war. And
Whig members who vote against furnishing sup-
plies, against taxes, and indulge in unmeasured
denunciations against the war itself as unjust,
unholy, damnable, and against God, do, as I
verily believe, gross injustice to most of their
Whig constituents. So far as my district is con-
cerned, I feel warranted in saying, that I know
they do not reflect either their feelings or their
opinions. For, sir, they believe their country
is in the right, and they feel, and believe, and
aidently desire, that adequate and early supplies
should be furnished to carry on the war with
honor and effect.
And, with all due courtesy, I must say I do not
entertain the slightest possible respect for this vile
clamor about the unwillingness of the American
people to be taxed. They have always been tax-
ed. So long as governments continue to exist, peo-
ple will have to be taxed to defray their expense.
Nowhere are taxes paid with less parade, with
more cheerfulness, or with less litigation, titan in
the United Stales; and so I hope it will ever be.
To realize this hope, but two things will have to
be rigidly observed by legislators: first, they must
be careful to ask money for only just and worthy
purposes; and, second, they must take care to se-
cure a sound economy in the disbursements of the
moneys granted to them. For while our people
will be found liberal, when liberality is demanded
by great public exigencies, they will also be found
resolute in exacting rigid economy in the public
expenditures.
And here let me remark, that I have no patience
with those who say that our countrywomen would
be offended with a tax upon tea and coffee to support
the honor of their Government when at war. Fam-
ilies, upon an average, use, I suppose, about fifty
pounds of coffee a year: it is a reproach to say that
a tax equal to about one cent on a pound would be
offensive or oppressive. Surely it can only be a
bachelor, so old and so crusty as to have forgotten
that he ever had a mother or a sister, who would
thus impeach the patriotism of the wives and moth-
ers and sisters of America! Instead of offending,
let them once understand that by consuming the de-
lightful beverage they would, in some degree, con-
tribute to the support of the gallant fellows upon
the Rio Grande, and they, with sparkling eyes
and glowing hearts, would take an additional cup
tor the benefit of the glorious heroes of Palo Alto,
Kesaca de la Palma, and of Monterey!
No, sir, instead of lessening, they would increase
the number of their libations. Test them when
you will, sir, and I will stake my political exist-
ence upon the proposition that they will—like their
mothers m the good old Revolution—not be found
one whit behind their fathers, husbands, and
brothers, in the display of genuine patriotism,
self-denial, and ardent love of American liberty.
No, sir; no. It is not a distrust of the public
spirit of the American lady; it is the unwil-
lingness of the political Congressman to replenish
the treasury, that is the fact. And I, for one, am
unwilling toallow them to escape, by ingloriously
throwing their responsibilities upon the fair shoul-
ders of those who cannot, at least in this country,
thank God, be converted at will into beasts of bur-
den. We are not in the Indian villages, and gen-
tlemen will therefore learn, that it is somewhat
difficult to find women to cut and pack for them
that fuel with which they have promised them-
selves to give us a warming when we meet before
the people.
In fine, Mr. Speaker, I believe that the Ameri-
can people wish to see this war vigorously prose-
cuted, until it can be honorably and satisfactorily
concluded; and that they desire to see their sol-
diers, of all kinds, honorably and liberally provi-
ded for, not only at the pay table, but also at the
bureaus of clothing and of provisions. This nation
is large and rich; and while it invokes that econo-
my which is so just and so decent, it is yet quite
able and willing to equip, provision, and pay, her
soldiers liberally, and without grudging. So far
as my vote and my influence will go, this shall be
done, as being just to the soldier and honorable to
our young and thrifty Government.
THE SPIRIT RATION IN THE NAVY.
SPEECH OF ME. J. A. ROCKWELL,
OF CONNECTICUT,
In the House of Representatives,
January 27, 1847.
Mr. ROCKWELL having, on a previous day,
offered the following amendment to the Navy Ap-
propriation bill, viz:
"And that, instead of the sum now allowed liv law, that
the sum of six cents per day be hereafter allowed, and paid
in lieu of the spirit ration in the navy, and that said ration
be, and the same is hereby, abolished"—
Now addressed the House in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, as follows:
Mr. Chairman: I design, in the remarks which
I shall address to the House, to abstain entirely
from the discussion of any of those impoitant
questions which have occupied the attention of the
committee, and to confine myself entirely to the
examination of the amendment which I have pro-
posed, and the presenting of such facts and argu-
ments as, in my judgment, conclusively show the
importance of its adoption.
The amount now distributed by law is one gill
per (lay of spirits to each seaman, and the persons
entitled to receive it can, by the existing laws, re-
ceive, in lieu of it, the value of the ration, which
does not excced two cents per day. By the for-
mer provision of the law, the estimate of the spirit
ration was at six cents per day; but instead of that
liberal allowance to those who claim to make the
commutation, the amount is now too small to fur-
nish an inducement to relinquish the ration. I
propose, Mr. Chairman, to show—
1. That there is nothing in the nature of the
service performed by seamen in the navy which
renders it necessary to furnish them with intoxi-
cating liquors. I am aware that there are strong
prejudices on this subject, and a portion of the
officers of the navy of great intelligence, and some
of them temperate men themselves, claim that, in
so severe a service as the seamen of the navy often
encounter, spirits are ncccssary. But, sir, I utter-
ly deny this proposition, and will show that such
is not, and cannot, be the case, and that in more
severe labors, greater exposure and hardships, in-
toxicating drinks are found to be not only unne-
cessary, but in the highest degree injurious.
In the merchant service of the United States,
the regular use of spirits is almost entirely aban-
doned. The tonnage employed in the commerce
of the United States engaged in the foreign trade
is],095,172 44 ninety-fifths tons, with at least sixty
thousand seamen; and it is far within the tiuth to
say, that in four-fifths, if not in nine-tenths, of
these vessels, no spirits, or any kind of intoxica-
ting drinks, are furnished as a part of the daily
