1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Spirit Ration in the Navy—Mr. John A.. Rockwell.
Ho. of Reps.
rations to the seamen; and many hundreds of ves-
sels f>ail annually from our ports with no spirits
on board except a small quantity in the medicine
chest.
In the coasting trade, the change is still more
striking. The tonnage of the vessels engaged in
this trade is 3,321,829 57 ninety-fifths tons, with at
least seventy thousand seamen to navigate the ves-
sels. In these vessels the regular supply of spirits
is almost entirely abolished, and in a very large
proportion of these vessels it is not to be found as
an article of drink on board. In addition to the
information derived from other sources, I have
myself inquired of honorable members of this
House, representing the principal commercial
points in this country, and they, with one voice,
confirm what I have said in relation to the com-
mercial marine of this country, both foreign and
coastwise.
But, sir, a still more striking result is found in
the vessels engaged in the whale fishery in this
country. This has become, within a few years, a
most important brauch of the navigating interest
of this country. There were, a year since, (and
the number has since increased,) 736 ships, barks,
and brigs, owned and sailing from the United
States, measuring 223,149 tons, and navigated by
19,560 men—the value of the vessels and catch-
ings being $29,400,000 With this fishery I am
somewhat conversant. My honorable friend from
the New Bedford district [Mr. Grinnell] is still
more so, as more than three hundred of these ves-
sels are owned in the district so well represented
by him here, and he is himself largely interested
in that business; and I have no hesitation m as-
serting, that more than nine-tenths of the vessels
engaged in this fishery, from the United States,
sail without spirits on board; and I appeal to my
honorable friend for the correctness of what I have
said.
Mr. GRINNELL. The statement is within
the truth; and I add my own testimony, not only
to the truth of the statement, but to the importance
of the result from the abandonment of spirits on
board the whale ships.
Mr. R. I have, within a day or two, conversed
with an intelligent gentleman, the late collector of
a port extensively engaged in the whale fishery,
who fully confirms the statement which I have
made above.
And now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to inquire of
gentlemen who are opposed to abolishing this ra-
tion, what there is in the naval service which ren-
ders spirits necessary or useful, when it is neither
the one nor the other in the whale fishery?
It is a well-known fact, that although, during a
portion of the voyage, the service is no more se-
vere than on board of the national vessels, (and in
both the whaling and national vessels sometimes
it is less so, owing to the large number of seamen,
than in the merchant service and coasting trade,)
yet when these whale ships are on their whaling
ground, engaged in the catching of the whales, and
extracting the oil, there is no more severe, labori-
ous, and hazardous employment on the ocean.
These ships encounter all the storms,'the sever-
ity of weather, and the other evils and dangers to
which the national armed vessels are exposed, and
in*common with them; but they have, in addition,
these dangers, and this hardship, and this labor,
so peculiar to themselves.
Nor arc these men less resolute, less determined,
less competent seamen, less fitted for the discharge
of any duty, whether in war or in peace, at home
or abroad, than those embarked on board of our
national vessels.
There is, probably, not to be found on the face
of the globe a body of seamen superior to those
nineteen thousand five hundred and sixty men.
Do you think, sir, does any man think, that these
men would be improved by the daily grog rations;
that they would be better men or better sailors;
that they would be healthier or more orderly; that
they would work more or fight better, either with
the monsters of the deep or a .more civilized foe ?
I wish, sir, that every one who thinks so, if there
be such a person, would visit and compare these
tmen with tnose on board of our national vessels.
I know that some men may honestly have a
vague, strange notion, that, in order to have a
good sailor in any service, but especially in the
naval service, he must be a drinking, swearing,
brutal, debased man; and these they call the " old
salts" and " old tars,35 and similar titles. Every
person at all acquainted with the subject knows
that there could not be a more absurd notion, as it
is known, by all experience, to be totally un-
founded.
It will be recollected that the number of men in
the naval service of the United States is but be-
tween seven thousand and eight thousand, and
those employed in the whale fishery are, in point
of numbers, more than double, besides the very
large number engaged in the commercial service,
both foreign and coastwise; so that the most am-
ple experience in relation to those engaged in sim-
j! ilar pursuits on the water, and exposed to equal,
! | if not superior hardships, show that it is not at all
[} nccessary in our naval service.
I! The men themselves engaged in the whale fish-
ery know that it is not necessary. They all have
j! an interest in the voyage, being paid by a propor-
!! tion of the oil and whalebone taken by the vessel;
and if it were announced before the sailing of any
!| vessel that the men were to be supplied daily with
|; a gill of grog during all the voyage, no decent man
j| would ship on board of it; and every man,
whether drunk or sober, would have sense enough
|| to refuse to take any interest in such a voyage as
i part owner, officer, or seaman. And if any of my
honorable friends, who seem to think that there
is great amount of coercion in not furnishing daily
a supply of spirits, should undertake to tell those
men that they were oppressed by being forced to be
temperate, and that the proper way was daily to fur-
nish them with grog, and then set the chaplain to
persuade them not to use it, I am inclined to think
that they would be told that such doctrine might
be very well for the land, but that sailors would
not believe it.
I might advert, Mr. Chairman, to the experi-
ence which has been furnished us on board steam-
boats on the inland waters of the country, on rail-
roads, and on various lines of stages. It is now
nearly, if not quite, the universal sentiment
throughout the country, not only that the lives of
passengers should not be hazarded by placing
them at the mercy of men of drinking habits,
although not actually drunkards, but that the same
labors and hardships, to which such persons are
often exposed, are better encountered without,
than with the use of spirits.
But, Mr. Chairman, these results are not only
in accordance with all experience on this subject,
but they are precisel^such as any one who has
examined the matter would anticipate. There is
no nourishment in spirits. It is not at any time
an article of food. It is nothing but a stimulus,
which produces for the moment an unnatural ex-
citement, but which is necessarily attended with a
corresponding depression. A person in health is
never benefited by its use. It is a powerful medi-
cine, which physicians unite in ranking as a poi-
son, which, doubtless, may in some diseases be
used with advantage, but should be used always
with great care, and under the best advice. Its
use, instead of giving strength, produces weak-
ness, lassitude, exhaustion. It wears out the sys-
tem, weakens the powers of the mind, enfeebles
the bodily frame. To all this, and more, we have
the united testimony of the most able and expe-
rienced physicians of the country; and what is far
more, we have our own experience; and we all i
know, who will examine it, that, from the very ,,
nature and chemical properties of the article, such
must be the result. ;
I am aware, sir, that it is often said that all this j
may be very true, but that men who have been in *'
the habit of using it cannot be suddenly broken i,
off without injury to their health, and that there- jj
fore it would be a cruel thing to deprive the seamen ^ |
of the spirits. In the first placc, I utterly deny,
as a general thing, that it is true that any injury j
arises from the absolute breaking off of Uip use of ,!
spirits in the most confirmed drinkers. The testi-
mony of experience is all the other way. But if
there is a case where, in reforming his drinking
habits, this may be neccssary, a physician is al-
ways at hand, who may adopt the course which
his health may require. I have far more fear of a
surgeon prescribing unnecessarily the use, than
any injury from the absolute sudden stopping of
the spirits.
I might multiply proofs on the question. The
evidence collected in detail,as long ago as 1834, in
relation to the use of spirits in the merchant ser-
vice, by Mr. Delavan, one of th& most valuable men
of the age, contributed very largely ,to £he disuse
of spirits in the merchant service. This testimony
was from the most experienced merchants and sea
captains, and is most ample in its character; and if
I print the remarks which I am making, I shall add
some of this testimony in detail.
Captain Edward Gardner, in a letter dated New
Bedford, March 8, 1834, says:
"From the experience resulting from ten South Seavoyages
in all capacities, from that of a common sailor to command-
ei, I make the following reply: I consider ardent spirits
entirely unnecessary and valueless as an anti-scorbutic, under
all citcumstances, at sea. In passing Cape Horn-1 have
been exposed to wet, cold, and rugged weather, for more
than six weeks at a time j on which occasions I have pre-
served the health of my ship's company by care to keep
them provided, as much as was practicable, with a change
of dry clothing on going off deck, by giving them plenty to
eat, and tea, made hot with ginger, to drmk."
Again:
"Having performed five whaling voyages to the Pacific
Ocean, and procured much of my oil near the equator, on
the west coast of Mexico, and on Japan, I have never found
any occasion, on these or any other voyages, lequiring the
u*>e of ardent spirits, except as an external application for
wounds."
He adds:
" Mv conviction, as implied in the preceding remarks, is,
that spirituous liquors are never necessary for the preserva-
tion of sear-faring men, or conducive to their health."
It appears, also, from the testimony of C. Mitch-
ell & Co., of Nantucket, that in 1834 there were
twenty-seven out of seventy-seven ships in the
whale fishery navigated entirely without ardent
spirits on board, the names of which are given;
and the letter of Mr. Joseph Rickchen, of JNfew
Bedford, in the same year, gives the names, ton-
nage, and number of men on board, of one hun-
dred and eighty-six ships in the whaling business,
from New Bedford, of which one hundred and
sixty-eight sailed then without spirits.
You will pcrceive, sir, that since that time the
beneficial results of navigating ships without spirits
have led to the still greater and almost entire aban-
donment of ardent spirits in the whale fishery.
2. The Government have most wisely and with
the best results, excluded spirits from the rations
of the soldiers in the regular service.
The evidence that led to this result was of the
very strongest kind, but certainly no more so than
exists in relation to the navy; and as it is applica-
ble to that branch of the public service, I make a
few extracts, in confirmation of, what has been
already said on this subject:
"DESERTIONS FROM THE ARMY IN SEVEN YEARS.
Year. Number. CW. Trial by Courts-martial.
18-33 668 $58,677 :... 1,093
18-24   811  70,398 1,175
1S25 803  67.488 1,208
18 2d 633   54,393 1,115
1827 8-18  61,344  991
18-38   890   6-2,137 1,476
18-29 1,083  96,833
Total 5.669 $471,263 7,058
(Report of the Secretary of War, February 22, 1830.
"Ardent spirit should bo discontinued in the army as a
patt of the daily rations. I know, from observation and
expeiience, when in the command of the troops, the perni-
cious effects aiitnngfrom the practice of regular, daily issues
of whiskey. If the leciuit ioms the seivice with an unvi-
tiatPd ta^te, which i< not unfreijucutly the case, the daily
puvilege and the uniform example soon induce him to taste,
arid then to drink his allowance. The habit being acquired,
he, too, soon becomes an habitual toper."—(MjutantGeneral
Joncsh statement.)
"The proceedings of courts-martial aie alone sufficient to
prove that the crime of intoxication almost always piecedes,
and is often the immediate cause of desertion. And I am,
moieover, convinced, that most of the soldiers, who enter
the army as «>ber men, acqmie habit* of intemperance prin-
cipally by falhiiiruito the piaciice of drinking their gill, or
half gill, of whiskey every morning. I have known sober
recruit* who would "often throw away their morn nig allow-
ance, but whose constant intercourse with tippfers would
soon induce them to taste a little, and, in time, a little more,
until they became habitual drunkards. I am therefore de-
culcdlv of opinion, that the whiskey part of the ration does,
slowly, bnt surely, lead men into those intemperate and
vicious habits out of which grow desertions and most other
cnmcs. In support of this opinion, I will only adveit to one
other document. It is the subjoined extract of a letter from
one ot the most excellent and exemplary officers of the
army which contains little or nothing more than the veihal
statements which I have received upon the same subject
from many other meritorious officers."—(Major General
Gaiiies^s statement.)
" I have served extensively as the recorder of repmental
courts-martial, and do not hesitate to say, that five out of six
cases of the crimes which are proved before these courts,
