1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Spirit Ration in the Navy—Mr. John A. Rockwell.
Ho. or Reps.
troubles is drunkenness, let us remove that evil, and the
anticipated good must and will follow."
There is much other testimony, as strong and
decided as this; but I will only call your attention
to that of the commander of the Exploring Expe-
dition. He remarks:
"lam satisfied that nine-tenths of the punishments in the
navy may be traced to the use of the spirit rations; certain-
ly this was the case in my four years' cruise. And I have
reason to believe that, with but few exceptions, all punish-
0ment on board our public ships originate in it, either on the
side of the officers or men.
" There are more drunkards made at the grog-tubs of our
ships of war thun in any other place in our country, with one
hundred times the same population."
So far as I know, on this point, the testimony is
all on one side of the question. T have never heard
of the first officer in the navy who seriousljr con-
tended that the grog was not the chief cause of the
offences on shipboard, as all men now admit that
it is of crimes on shore.
Anothermost injurious consequence ofthis prac-
tice is, that, as spirits are shut out from the com-
mercial service, both foreign and coastwise, and
fisheries, the cast-off, intemperate, worthless sail-
ors, with impaired strength and enfeebled frames,
seek the navy as the only place where they can
obtain the regular supply of grog. The navy is
thus more and more becoming the receptacle of a
large number of worthless and refuse seamen. A
large portion, too, of the seamen in our navy, at
least one-third, are foreigners, who have never been
naturalized, and who have never relinquished, or
desired to relinquish, their allegiance to their na-
tive country. It becomes Congress to look well
into this matter, and not rely upon a reputation
acquired in former wars, with an entirely different
and superior class of seamen. The most valuable
seamen, at all times and under all circumstances,
are our native seamen. It is a memorable fact,
that, on board of one ship during the last war, there
were no less than three hundred New England
freeholders; and there is no difficulty whatever, at
all times., in obtaining the necessary supply of so-
ber, orderly persons, for the crews of the ships of
war. We have seen that there are more than twice
as many men in the whale fishery as in the navy,
besides the very large number in the foreign and
coasting trade. It is-^iite time that the navy
should cease to be the receptacle of broken-down
seamen—the " hospital of incurables."
The result of the habits engendered by this per-
nicious practice is most ruinous to the poor sailor.
I am aware that many thoughtlessly dismiss this
consideration with a sneer. They either consider
them to be hopelessly given over to vice and destruc-
tion, or destitute of the feelings of other men.
They do them gross injustice. If seamen are
more vicious than others, it is because they have
been almost entirely abandoned by the humane;
and not only neglected by the Government, but
been tempted by that very Government itself to the
formation of vicious habits, and their utter ruin.
iVould appeal, Mr. Chairman, to this House,
to regard themselves as the guardians, and not the
enemies, of the sailors; to protect them, to sustain
them, to elevate them; to countenance and en-
courage the efforts which are made by the wise and
merciful to promote good order and good morals
among them. They are an unprotected class of
men. They are most valuahle to the Government,
and necessary to sustain its honor and maintain its
rights. Any effort for their benefit will be duly ap-
preciated. They are generous, tractable, and easily
moved by kindness. Let, then, the sheltering and
protecting arm of the Government be extended for
their benefit.
But if this is asking too much, if you will do no
.. positive act for their good, I may ask of the House,
on their behalf, that you will do no act, the direct
effect of which is to the injury of all, and the ruin
of a large portion of them. It is especially an out-
rage for the Government to persist in destroying
the young men in the service, and bringing ruin
upon hundreds of families.
I perceive that some around me are inclined to
consider this a very light affair. Gentlemen need
not be alarmed. I am not now undertaking the
Herculean task of changing the habit of any of
my honorable associates on this floor. What I
am proposing is a practicable matter, and I am
Sure I may ask the assistance of all in arresting the
evil of drinking and drunkenness in the navy, so
far, at least, as to omit to furnish this poison as a
part of the rations, the daily food of seamen.
I have, sir, endavored to show that the furnish-
ing of spirits to seamen is unnecessary; that it is
injurious; that the experience in the merchant ser-
vice, the coasting trade, the fisheries, the army,
and every branch and department of business, is
against it; that it is attended with great loss of life
and property by shipwreck, greatly increases sick-
ness and death, impairs the discipline and effi-
ciency of the service, and leads to most of the of-
fences in the navy; that it is attended with great
pecuniary loss to the nation, and irreparable injury
to the seamen.
I hope, sir, it will not detract from the force of i
the facts and arguments which have been present-
ed, if I add, that our accountability in this matter
is not simply to our constituents, but that there is
a moral responsibility; that it is a question of con-
science and duty, addressed to each member of
this House; and for the mode in which we meet
that question we are individually responsible to the
"tribunal of last resort."
APPENDIX.
The amendment for the entire abolishment of the spirit
ration in the navy did not pievatl. An important advance, .
however, was made, by the adoption of an amendment al- '
lowing a commutation of six cents a day for the spii it ration.
It is believed, that by a persevering effort of the friends of
the seamen and the navy, it will, at no distant day, be en-
\uely abolished. In order to aid in so desirable a result, there
is added below some striking and valuable facts, a portion of
which were referred to in the speech when delivered, and
others have been since obtained.
" Washington City, Felyruary 5, 1847.
"My dear Sir: Your letter of the third was received this
morning. In an&wet to it, I state, that, in my opinion, there
is no need of spirit rations in the navy: this opinion is found-
ed upon my own experience, while in command of the Ex-
ploring Expedition. The duty we had to perform was cer-
tainly as arduous, and, perhaps, inoie exposed, than any that
has occurred m thenaw: yet most of it was performed with-
out grog. I have now paiticular reference to the boat duty,
on which thev were for weeks togethei without it; itwa>a
proof to hip how little they prized it, for T left it optional for
any who desired their grog rations to remain on board ; but
even those who haa been constantly m the liahit of taking it
preferred going. In my Nanative, I have referred to this,
volume 4, page 331, fiist edition.
"The idea of its being necessary, and an article of luxury
to'poor Jack,'I look upon as piepo?.terous, he is always
obliged to drink it under restrictions, and this is absolutely
required, in order to prevent any one from getting more than
his share.
"The best men on board our ships do not diaw their spirit
ration. I think the way and amount you propose as a com-
mutation, will induce very many to lehnquish it that now
draw it, fiom pride.
" The class of 'old Tars,' who love their grog, have entire-
ly passed away, and their deleterious example, as to grog- ,
drinking, on the younger ones has ceased. I am satisfied j
that nine-tenths of the punishments in the navy may be •
traced to the use of the spirit ration; certainly this wa^the ;
case in my four years' cruise; and I have reason to believe, i
that, with but few exceptions, all punishment on board our !
public ships originate in it, either on the side of the officers: }
or men. !
"There are more drunkards made at the 'grog-tubs' of
our ships of war, than in any other pi.ice in our country,
with an hundred times the same population !
" The destruction of public property, owing to the use of
spirits, is immense ; and as a measure of economy, as well ;
as safety for their lives and property, I would urge its total [
exclusion. |
" 'Grog' renders our navy the receptacle for all broken- J
down drunkards, and the vagabonds of every country, whore j
thev are past earning their living by work in other places, j
and contrive at last to enter the navy, where they continue 1
so, at the expense, and to the sjreat deirimcnt, of the public j
service. The idea of associating with this class prevents \
verv many young men, who have been well brought up, from |
serving in our public vessels, and makes a system of diseip- 1
line in the navy necessary that is not m unison with the spirit j
of the age.
"I do hope your efforts will be successful in abolishing
this poison, which is as deleteiious to the sood order of the
navy as it is noxious to the health of the men.
" I am yours, very respectfully,
"UIIARLES WILKES.
" Hon. John A. Rockwell,
"Member of House of Representatives."
The following letter from the Rev. John Marsh, the earlv,
persevering, and most efficient fuend of temperance, con-
tains many impoitant statements and suggestions.
" Office of the Am. Temi . Union,
New York, February 2, 1847.
" To John A. Rockwell, Esq., Member oj Congress:
" Dear Sir: I regret that it is not in my power to give as
full an answer to 5'our inquiries as the subject demands.
Twenty years ago, ardent spirit was a regular pait of the
rations to seamen, m all coasting, fishing, whaling, and mer-
chant ships. I suppose it may now be said, that it is with
almost entire universality dispensed with. There mav be
in whaling and fishing, what is termed in the army fatigue
duty in which it is given ; but even this I understand to be
lare. For about ten years, it may now be said, that Amen- i
can ships have navigated sill seas, amid all climes, in all sea-
sons, and on the longest voyages, without ardent spirit; the
seamen enjoying better health, enduring more fatigue with-
out complaining, and rendering bettersubordmation and ser-
vice, than under the old system. The spirit ami temper
with which the change has been received, may be judged of
by the zeal with which seamen have engaged in the tem-
perance reformation. More than 60,000 are reported as hav-
ing voluntarily signed the temperance pledge at various ports
on our coast—one-third of these have united themselves
with the New York Mariner's Temperance Society. This
society has for years held a weekly temperance meeting,
which has been conducted chiefly by captains and sailors,
about a thousand annually signing the pledge. An index to
the benefit upon the chaiactcr and habits of the sailor may
be found in the fact that, by the sailors, (stopping at the
Sailor's Home, a temperance boarding-house,) six thousand
dollars were last year deposited in the Savings Bank.
Avoiding the cup, the sailor avoids the snare of her whose
house is death, and his mind craves and seeks useful knowl-
edge. 'No class of men,' says a Report of the Maine Tem-
perance Society, 'have been so much benefited as fisher-
men—most of their craft making their cruise without ardent,
spirit.' An old captain iepoit& one hundred seamen restored
within hi5! knowledge from desperate drunkenness. Seldom,
indeed I believe it is now never the case, that a ship is de-
tained m our harbors for drunken seamen to recover from
their debauch, and with almost entire uniformity do they
sail immediately fiom the wharf in full possession of all
theii physical and moial powers, with clear heads and sound
I hearts. The importance of the entire dispersing with the
I spnit ration has been so deeply felt hy the insurance eom-
! panics, that they have, to a wide extent, returned about five
i per cent, on the premium ot insurance on all ves.-els which,
j upon the termination of the-usk, have given satisfactory evi-
| dence that no spirit has been used on the voyage. The re-
sult to them and to the ship-owners, as well as to the sea-
man themselves, have been of the most important character.
In 1842, 380 vessels and 602 lives weie lost at sea; in 1844,
only 208 vessels and 105 lives; the difference is attributed,
hy the editors of the Sailor's Magazine, to the piogress of
temperance among seamen. A report of a select committee
of the British House of Commons affirms, that the number
of ships and vessels belonging to the United Kingdom which
have been wrecked and lost during six yeats, amounts to
2,90.5—worth, with then cargoes, £14,525.000. Of 130 of
these, the entire ciews were drowned; and, in addition to
these, 3,414 lives were sacrificed. Among the principal
causes of these losses, the committee state drunkenness
and the use of spirits; these leading often to improper, and
even contradictory ordcis, on tiie part of officers; sleeping
on the look-out, or at the helm, among the men, occasioning
the ships to run foul of each other at night; to be taken
aback or overpowered hy sudden squalls; sinking, upsetting,
or getting dismasted for*want of piopei vigilance in prepar-
ing for the danger; or m M^eiing wrong courses, no as to
run upon dangers which might otheiwi&e have been avoided.
The report further states, 'thatthe happiest effects have re-
' suited fiom the experiments tried in the Amouonn navy
' and merchant service, to do without liquor as an article of
' daily use, thcie being moie than 1,000 >ail of American
4 vessels, traversing all the seas of the woild, in e.veiy cli-
' mate, without the use of spirits by either officers or ciew;
' and that the example of British ships sailing fiom Liver-
' pool, on the same plan, has been productive of the greatest
' benefit to the ship-owners, underwriters, merchants, offi-
'cers, and crews.'
" In 1831, the Secretary of the Navy expressed his con-
viction that the u<?e which is made of ardent spirit is one of
the greatest curses, and declared his intention to recommend
a change with icgaid to it in the navy. And a distinguished
officer then gave it as his opinion, that nine-tenths of all the
difficulties. which the officer had with the men aio:«e from
the n^p of aident spirits and expressed his strong convic-
tion, from what he had vvitne'-scd on board lus own ship and
others, of the practicability and great utility of entire absti-
nence thioughout the navy. Numerous petitions have from
time to time been presented to Congress for entirely abolish-
ing the spirit ration, for the fiiends'of the «ailor arid of the
navy have believed it essential to their interest and welfare.
Petitions from Rhode Island say, ' We believe that by spirit
'rations many noble sailois aie confirmed in intemperate
' habits, not a few have been made drunkaids, and valuahle
' lives lost. It leaves seamen lee®: susceptible of moral in-
'stiuction, counteracts the influence of naval chaplains,
' makes the task of oliiccrs more arduous and difficult, and
'the ru id execution of sevcie regulations more necessary,
' in order to preserve due subordination and discipline; ren-
' ders the crews less qualified to discharge their duties in
'pioteeting our commerce, defending our mantirne lights,
' and especially in piesoiving our ships amidst the iage of
' element-, and, above all, in fighting the battles jn time of
' war.' But while these petitions have failed of success, a
great spirit of reform has manifested it-elt among ofnceis
and seamen, and voluntary abstinence from the proffered
lations has produced the most favorable lesults. At one
time three hundred seamen on board oi the Ohio had signed
the temperance pledge, and hut one gallon was dealt out to
the crew. On board the United States razee Independence
were one hundred and thnly members of a Sheet Anchor
Tcmperaiu-tt Society, some of whom had served fifteen or
twenty >ears in the navy, yet but three only were known to
violate their pledge. Of five and six hundred men and boys
on board a receiving ship at Boston, only about fifty at one
time drew the grog ifttion allowed by Government. On the
3>t of March, 1842, the Columbia left Boston haibor on a
ciuise; all, from the captain to the smallest hoy, pledged to
total abstinence. A letter Aom an officer on board, after
being sometime at sea, said .* ' I sincerely hope that the rest
' of the vessels of our navy will follow the noble example set
' them by the officers and crew of the Columbia ; foi I am
' now convinced that the sailors in our navy do riot require
' the spirit pait of their rations.'' Of a crew of over four
hundred and fifty in the Cumberland, the flag ship in the
Mediterranean, all but two voluntarily renounced their grog,
and these were suffered to depart. A petition was sent to
