APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 27,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Army BiU—Mr. Atchison.
Senate.
Congress, signed by the commander, and many of the offi-
'cers, and two hundred and fifty of the ship's company, pray-
ing for the abolition of the spirit portion of the navy ration.
'We have satisfied ourselves," say they, 'from a year's
< experience of the temperance system on board this ship,
< that grog is not necessary to the performance of our duties.
* In point of health, comfort, and happiness, we are infinitely
' bettor without it.' The ship commanded great respect for
Iter appearance, and the deportment of her officers and men
while in the Mediterranean. Of twelve hundred men who
were suffered to go on shore, it was reported that only one
mart was known to get drunk, and not one broke his liberty.
On leaving his ship, Lieutenant Foote made his men an ad-
dress on the happy effects of banishing the grog-tub, winch
you will find on page thirty-seven of our last animal report,
which I send you. ' The happy effects witnessed/ he says,
' in the good order and condition of the ship; in hersnugness
' aloft, and cleanliness below; in her rapid exercise of bat-
< tery, and no Jess rapid evolutions of getting underway,
' furling sails, and, I may now add, of beating, by and large, at
' sea, as well as m port, everything which we have met.'
" it may be supposed by some that the voluntary system
js the best, and that officers and seamen should be left to
work out the evil among themselves. But it is presumed
thai in no other case is a known evil left to be cured by
the moral virtue and self-denial of men in the navy. Be- :
sides, how can reformers ever expect successfully to com-
pete with the overwhelming powerof Government? Since
the spint mtion was banished from the merchant service, it
is a well-known fact, avowed by the seamen themselves,
that drunken seamen inlist in the navy for the avowed ob-
ject of getting the spirit portion of the lation. Such can
never be expected to come under the influence of the reform
while the spirit tub is set out, and will perpetually be cor-
rupting others. Insubordination will always be the conse-
quence. Drinking, insolence, disobedience and punishment,
will be the daily round, and even the voluntary reform be
spurned as effecting nothing amid such powerful counteract-
ing influences At a laige meeting held at Exeter Hall,
London, .Admiral Codungton not long since declared, that
the u->e ot ardent spiuts onginated nearly all the punisih-
m nits winch took place in the navy. Two seamen on board
the United States ship Congress, write from Rio Janeiro,
Januarys, 1S46 : 'There is a good deal of flogging on boaid,
' and, we believe, that ten out of twelve of the cases are
'caused by drunkenness. There are a good many temperance
1 men among the crow, and we believe if they were all so,
' wo should live like brother*; but as soon as the rum cets
' among them, they begin to quanel and fight, until the brig
1 bungs them up, and then comes the cat. As yet, we have
' kind word-*, and have neither of us received a Miigle lash
'upon our backs since we joined her. We find no difficulty in
* avoiding these evils so long as we abstain from the use of
' ardent spints, winch we hope to do by the help of God.'
"The oau e of humanity demands that whipping, that
most degrading of all thing* to the spirit of a man, should
cease in ctviiued society. Why should that which makes
it necessary be continued, and continued by one of the most
enlightened Governments on the face of the oat th >
"Commcuioie Jones, commander-in-chief of the Pacific
equ.tdion, m Ins address in 1814 to the naval loiees in the Pa-
cific, said: 'There now stand before you six of your comrade*,
'about to receive the w.igesof tiaru-gn^sion. Drunkenness
* is me excuse oliered by five out of «?i.v for the commission of
1 odl'uees lor which, undci a ngojous enforcement of the
'law, the transgressor would foifeit Inn life. As in thepic«-
'cnt case, so m all others winch occur m the navy, five-
sixths of tin; punishment inflicted can easily betiaccdto
'drunkenness. It ha* been said that a inan-of-wat isa^-tate
4piison. If that he hue, rom is the jailor; destroy that,
'ami the ?luppcd man can be as fiee as the commissioned
'oihccu. Would you desire such a bt.ile of things? You
< have only to will it, and it must be so. Your country has
'at last advanced one  tep towards rescuing the f-ailor from
< perpetual ilegiadauon, to which the free use of ardent spirit
< mu hitherto consigned him. Conere^s ha> passed a law to
'legulato the navy ration, by which whi-kevis ledneed one-
'half, and, in heu thereof, tea and coffee arc to be issued.
' Why d:d not Congress abolish wli^kev from your ration
' altogether? Only because wine loving pon>on-  in authority
' libelled your palnotiMT) and love of country by sa>ins, that
'American sailors would not enter the navy without the
'allurement of whiskey. Are you willing to rest under the
'disgrace of such a chaige? I trust not: I believe not. For t
'one, I am not. Liquor is a thief and a murderer—the |
* greatest enemy mankind, in general, have to contend j
'with, though to sailors he is more unrelenting than to any '
'other chu-s of men. Will you not—I earnestly ask the I
«question—-lend a hand to conquer this greatest of enemies ? '
'There is not a man among you who would not, most cheer- 1
'.fully, follow your officers to the cannon's mouth, though '
' its unerring aim vveie directed by the stoutest hearts. Will '
' an> among >ou join me in a petition to Congress to abolish
'whiskey fiom the navy ration altogether; and not only
' from the ration, but from the cabin, the wardroom, and
'every other part of the ship, save onlvtbe medicine depait-
'meut? fs all well with >ou at present? If not, strike at
'once at the root of the evil; remove the cause, and the
< effects must cease. And as the cause of ail your troubles
' is ih unkennels, let usiemove that evil, and the anticipated H
'good must, and surely will, follow.' I!
" I believe the geneial wish of the country, and of many 1
leading officers in the navy, is, that the spirit part of the navy .
ration be abolished. Yea, that it is felt to be disgraceful to '
us that at this en,lightened period, the manifest causc of '
insubordination, crime, degradation, temporal and eternal i
rum, should be continued in this arm of our national de- '
fence without any redeeming quality. Hoping that you may
succeed in your object,
<( I am, sir, your friend and humble servant,
u JOHN MARSH."
" Commodore Biddle, who commands the Mediterranean
squadron, in a letter to the Secietary of the Navy, states
that the whole number of persons m the squadron, exclusive
of commissioned and warrant ofheers, is 13107, and that 819
have stopped thoir aUow&nce of spirits; and that on hoard
the sloop-of-war John Adams, not a man draws his grog.
And a gentleman from Syracuse writes that not an officer
on board draws his rations of. spirits; and that there is much
zeal amongthem in the temperance cause. Similar changes
have taken place on board other ships. One is now fitting
out at Washington, and every man, before he goes aboard
of her, voluntarily pledges himself to abstain from the use of
ardent spirits, and receives, in lieu of his rations ot grog, an
equivalent in cash. No man not disposed thus to pledge
himself is received. And there can be no doubt that the
practice of furnishing ardent spirits by the Government, and
thus without benefit, and at a great expense, exciting the
men to violate the commands of theiroffieers,tempUngthem
to form intemperate habits, and rendering them unfit for the
public service, corrupting their morals, increasing their dis-
eases, shortening their lives, and ruining their souls, will,
eie long, in the navy as well as the army, be done away.
Millions now unite with that member of Congress who, in
addressing the head of the War Department on the subject
of temperance, said: ' Ft may be quickened by what I trust
'will he its next great step—the relinquishment, through
' enlightened and patriotic feelings, of ardent spirits by our
' gallant a^my and navy.'
t( Those who have had experience in both, have officially
declared that the greatest difficulties they had to encounter
have arisen from the daily rations of spirits to the soldier or
sailor. The physician says that it is not promotive of health,
but that it weakens the energies, engenders disease, and
destroys life. Whv, then, should it be given at all to the
gallant men who bear our banner upon the land and the
wave, and who have the glories of their fathers' past achieve-
ments in keeping? The small quantity of ardent spirits
allowed creates an appetite for more, and it often happens,
in both army and navy, that a month's pay of the men is
spent for the mean* of intoxication. In our little army of
5,642 men, there have been, it is stated, 5,832 courts martial
within five years; of which five-sixths are chargeable to
intemperance, and also 4,049 desertions, of which almost all
are chargeable to intemperance. Desertion alone has cost
the United States $338,616 in five years. Add to this the
declension of moral feeling, the disease and premature deaths
produced, -and what a hideous aggregate doe? it give of the
ravages of intempeiance. What has been done, it was right
and best to do gradually. But now strike boldly in unison
with the public tone ; fulfil its expectation ; recommend the
entire disuse of spirits, and receive from vour countrymen
the praise of not being statesmen alone, but statesmen and
benefactors. Give us your aid to bring upon men almost the
hncrhtnw of the world's first morning.
" A distinguished officer of the armv, in a letter to our
secretarv, savs* 'I am under great obligations to you for
' the f'oiuth repoi t of the American Temperance Society, and
' T feel mvself highly honored in having been made a mem-
<her of that truly benevolent institution. When I arrived
'here. I question whether there were three men who ab-
' stained whollv from tho use of ardent spirits ; now, more
' than three-fourths of our whole number are member* of a
'temperance society, on the piinciple of entire abstinence.
'They hold tegular meetings once a fortnight at which one
'of their number reads an es«av or tract on temperance,
j ' The effect has been just what I anticipated— a mamfestim-
i 'provemenf in the appeaiance, spirits, and conduct, of the
i 'soldtri*. Instead of tho m^tnid and bloated visage, is now
I 'seen the cheerful and healthy countenance: where was
' wrangling and strife, is good humor and playfulness : and
'insubordination and negligence have given plaee to cheer-
' fnl obedience ;md prompt attention to duty, Not a mem-
< her of the f-oeiotv, which i^of six weeks'standing, has been
' confined in the guard-house; and such has been its mflu-
e ence even upon others, that but two men of the whole eom-
' uyind have been confined since the society was established.
' T Tiardlv need to add, that the offence, in both cases, was
'intoxication: while, before the societv was formed, the
f average number of men confined was three in twentv-four
' hours ; so that theie were as manv men confined before in
< one day as are now confined in six weeks. Since the for-
' mation of the societv. no df^ertion has occurred; while
' during the month preceding its formation, five men descrt-
' ed. I must believe that the difference is mainly to be at-
' tributed to the temperance reformation. I am more than
' ever convinced, that were a Judicious, friend of temperance
' to visit the various military po«ts, and exert himself in this
' truly benevolent cause, his efforts would save the Govern-
' merit thousands, and the members of the army from incal-
culable evils."'
Testimony of American merchants and sea captains rela-
tive to total abstinence on shipboard :
In JS34, E. (\ Delavan, as chairman of the executive
committee ofthe New York State Tempeianee Society,ad-
dressed a series of twelve queries to merehants and shipmas-
ters in different parts of the country on the u«p of spirits on
shipboard. I am indebted to this distinguished gentleman
for a pamphlet containing thes-c resolution^, from which T
made some evtraefs. One of the questions was as follows:
Question 7. Is it your opinion that under any circumstan-
ces—of storm, change of climate, <i fatiguing service—your
crews would enrinie more, suffer le««, or perform greater
labor with ardent spirit thanvnthout it?
The following are a portion of the answers returned :
One of th" owners of the ships America, Mount Vernon,
and Congress, of Boston, savs :
"T think they would not, under so much fatigue, suffer so
much, or peiform so much labor, with as without it."
Captain David M. Banker, of the ship Vera, replies to the
same question in the negative. Also. Thatcher Wagoner,
an owner of the ships Timoleon and Roscius. Mr. Benja-
min Richardson, in relation to the ships Hecuba and I<ion,
and the barques Moscow and Rouble, says: "No. They
are certainly better without it."
Cdptain Walter Crocker, of the China ship Israel, says:
u T'aey will unquestionably be better, in any possible case,
without it as a drink." He also adds : " There is much bet-
ter subordination without spirits: much better health m
sickly climates; men <tre much more peaceable and happy
among themselves without spirits."
Captain Richard Gridler answers: "No ill effects have
arisen in consequence of stormy weather; it is very rare in
stormy weather that coffee or tea cannot be prepared." He
also says: " It is not necessary, in any vicissitude of cli-
mate, as a drink, for the health and comfort of sailors." He
also states as follows, under date of April 7,1834:
" I commanded a vessel in the merchant service from the
year 1825 to 1832, and during the last four years have adopt-
ed the temperance plan on board the vessels which I have
mentioned.
"I sailed in the ship-Grecian upwards of two years, and
had my shipping articles opened in large and legible char-
acters, that no ardent spirit whatever should be allowed on
board the ship, as former experience taught me that almost®
all the evils on shinboard arose in consequence of rum-
drinking. From this system I have experienced the most
happy effects. I have lost no men by sickness, or any other
accident, and when visiting unhealthy climates, an early
attention to the complaints of my crew has restored them
to health. On the contrary, in pestilential climates, I have
observed that intemperate seamen are generally victims, in
consequence of medicine having little or no effect on their
constitutions.
♦' There is no difficulty in managing a sober crew; but all
manner of evil is to be dreaded among the intempeiatu."
Messrs. G. Mitchell & Co., of Nantucket, in relation to
the ships Primrose, Maria, Pbebe, and Christopher Mitchell,
answer: "Certainly not. We know, from -personal ex-
perience, that change of climate or fatigue service is easier
endured without ardent spirits than with it." Under date
of May 8,1834, they write:
" We have long been of the opinion that ardent spirit was
a useless article on board ship as part of the stores; and in
the year 1830, we determined to try the experiment of send-
ing our ships to sea withoutit; accordingly, we commenced
with the ship Phebe, bound into the Pacific. Here is an
extract from our instructions to our masters, since we quit-
ted sending spirits in the ships: ' In port you will take care
' to allow no smuggling to be carried on from the ship; and
also take care that your men do not sell their clothes to
{buy fiuit and liquor. You are at liberty lo furnish them
'with fruit, where it is plenty, at ship's expense; this will
'save provisions ; but you are not at liberty to furnish them
1 with distilled spirits of any kind, nor to allow anv to come
'onboard the ship, except in a very small quantity, to be
' used as medieme only. In lieu of spirits you will give the
'men bee?, bre«'cd on boaid the ship, for which puipose
c you have an extra quantity of molasses on board ' "
Captain Edward Richardson, in relation to the ships Po-
land, Alfred, and llogaith, answers: "I am confident, in
every case, and m every climate, water is better.'' He also
says: "In every such instance I found spirits injurious;
and since I have abandoned the use entirely, about six years,
I have had much less sickness on board."
Captain B. B. Williams, ofthe Henry Thompson, gives
similar answers in the negative.
Messrs. Stanton, NichoN, & Whitney, in relation to the
ships Martha, Norfolk, Monmouth, and Gasper, answer:
" We think they perform more without «pirit."
Captain Samuel Harding, of Brunswick, Maine, who com-
manded a ship thirty-three years, emphatically answers:
" No, no, no."
Mr. William Savage, of Boston, under date of August 7,
1834, writes:
"Seamen now as readily ship for vovages, wherein it is
stated, at the head of the shipping paper, No groz, as they
do when grog is given, and I think even more readily.
" I think it as essential that no spirit should be furnished
in the cabin for tho officers, as that the men should be with-
out spirits. In the early part of my life I made many voy-
age? to sea, as supercatgo often, and as passenger. I have
seen many instances of the ill effects on a master or mate's
taking a strong glass of grog ; though not absolutely drunk-
ards, it was easy to perceive that a strong glass of grog, and
particulaslv a second one, deprived the officer of a pait of
his cool judgment. I have se.en much evil, but never the
least good, from having rum on board; all quarrels at sea
have rum for their foundation. It was my own experience
ofthe evil arising from rum that determined me not to fur-
nish my vessels with it; and no sailor has ever refused a
voyage, to mv knowledge, because rum was not allowed.
"It is about ten years since we began in Boston to put no
rum or spirits on board ships as stores. The practice is be-
coming every day more and more universal, and there is no
doubt but that great good has come of this refraining from
rum, and it is now almost universally admitted that rum fa
not necessary."
THE ARMY BILL.
REMARKS OF MR. ATCHISON,
OF MISSOURI,
In the Senate, January 27, 1847.
The Army Bill being1 under consideration, and the
pending question being; on the following amend-
ment, submitted by Mr. Atchison, viz:
" Stiike out the first five sections, and insert: That the
President of the United States be, and ho is hercbv, autho-
i nzed to accept the services of ten regiments of volunteers,
j to serve during the continuance of the present war with
I Mexico, unless sooner discharged, who shall be raised, or-
ganized, commissioned, and paid in the same manner, and
under the same regulations as are prescribed in the act pro-
vidmir for the raisins of fifty thousand volunteers, appioved
the 13th of May, 1846:"
Mr. ATCHISON rose and said he would not
detain the Senate very long with the remarks which
( he desired to make in relation to this bill. He
; could not avoid observing that some degree of ill-
I feeling- had been manifested ever since this bill was
