1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
29th Cong 2d Sess.
t The Army Bill—Mr. Atchison•
Senate*
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs,
and that some covert accusations of bad faith had
been made against those who were desirous of
affording every facility for th6 passage of the bill,
upon the presumption that because they were en-
deavoring to amend the bill, and to make it more
conformable to the views which they entertained,
they were disposed to obstruct its passage. This
had been the case not only in relation to this bill,
but to all those other measures which in any de-
gree related to the war with Mexico. But Sena-
tors on all sides would bear him witness that he
had, neither on this nor on any former occasion,
given the least evidence of a disposition to obstruct
or delay the passage of any measure whatever
connected with this subject.
The question now presented for the considera-
tion of the Senate was, whether they would au-
thorize an increase of the regular army to the
extent of ten regiments, consisting of about ten
thousand men, making the forces to be employed
in this war entirely of one description, or whether
they would proceed to prosecute the war in the
manner in which it had been carried on hitherto,
by a mixed force of volunteers and regulars? And
first, he would observe, that should a change in
this respect be made, it would be an acknowledg-
ment that thus far they had been in error. Before
making such change, therefore, they ought to be
well satisfied that they had been in error in follow-
ing the course which they had thus far pursued,
and that a better plan could be adopted. The
amendment which he had the honor to propose
presented this issue, and it was an important, a
material issue in point of principle, though not
very material perhaps in point of practical effect,
provided the regulars could be raised as expedi-
tiously as volunteers.
The amendment proposed to authorize the Presi-
dent to call into service ten thousand volunteers, to
serve during the war with Mexico, the very same
number of men as was proposed to be raised by
the bill, and for precisely the same period of ser-
vice. The first bill that was passed in relation to
this wai;—the bill recognising the existence of the
war—passed both Houses of Congress within
twenty-four hours after the President had submit-
ted his message upon that subject; and the same
bill which recognised the existence of the war au-
thorized the President to call out fifty thousand
volunteers, and placed at his disposal $10,000,000
for carrying on the war. All that was asked for
was granted, and that promptly. An increase of
the regular army, amounting to more than a hun-
dred per cent,, of the force of which that army con-
sisted, was authorized shortly afterwards. The
regular army at that time consisted of about seven
thousand or eight thousand men, and the bill
which authorized the companies to be filled requi-
red the iniistment of some eight thousand or nine
thousand men. What had been the result in re-
gard to these inlistments? What progress had
been made in filling up the ranks of the regular
army? The Adjutant General, m his report to the
Secretary of War, said that there was still a de-
ficiency, notwithstanding every exertion had been
made to fill up the ranks, of about seven thousand
men. But it appeared that no difficulty had been
experienced in procuring volunteers, clearly show-
ing that under the one system they could bringany
number of men into the field that was required,
while under the other they could not. In the one
case all that were called for were promptly obtain-
ed, and in the other they were not able in the
course of a whole year to obtain half the number
they desired.
ft was admitted on all hands that it was the duty
of Congress to furnish the Executive, to whom the
conduct of the war constitutionally belonged, with
the necessary means for carrying it on, and for
enabling him to bring it to a speedy, honorable,
and satisfactory termination. They had already
passed several important acts bearing upon this
subject, and yesterday or this morning they had
passed a bill appropriating $23,000,000, the amount
asked for by the President, for the further prosecu-
tion of the war; which bill, (though there were
great complaints on the other side of the chamber
of a want of time for an examination of its details,)
became a law, so far as the Senate was concerned,
in three days after it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives. This promptness on the part of
Congress to pass the necessary measures for the
prosecution of the war proved that there was no
disposition to hinder or thwart the plans of the
President in relation to the war. As far as he was
himsplf concerned, he was certainly not subject to
any such imputation as that of wishing to delay or
retard the movements of the Executive in the pro-
secution of this war. It did not imply any such
disposition on his part that he was disposed to,in-
quire what description of troops, whether volun-
teers or regulars, was preferable. The volunteers
they had seen had promptly, patriotically, and
gloriously responded to their country's call, while
the progress of the iniistment of regular soldiers
had been extremely tardy.
The question now was, whether they would
attempt to increase the standing army to the extent
required, or whether they would go on in the pros-
ecution of this war as they had commenced, with
volunteer troops ? The question which naturally
arose here was, were these men wanted immediate-
ly ? If so, could they raise the ten regiments of
regular troops as promptly as they could an equal
amount of volunteer forces? That was the ques-
tion, and a very important one it was. The ex-
perience which they had had on this subject show-
ed them conclusively that to raise the number of
men called for by this bill would require two years
at least, while, judging from what had already
taken place, volunteers to the amount required
could be obtained at once.
The next thing to be considered was, whi.ch of
the two descriptions of forces would be the most
efficient? Which of them, supposing them ready
to take the field, would perform the better service?
It would not be contended by him that irregular
undisciplined troops were as reliable as regular
well-disciplined soldiers; but when either descrip-
tion of troops for the first time enrol themselves,
they were equally undisciplined, and the process of
preparing them for service was then to commence.
The morals and intelligence of the men being equal,
and the skill and carc of the officers being equal,
at the end of twelve months the discipline and ef-
ficiency of the two descriptions of troops would be
the same. The term of service proposed for the
regular soldiers, to be inlisted under this bill, was
the same as that proposed for the volunteers, viz.
during the war. In this respect, therefore, they
stood upon an equal footing. And this brought
him to a consideration of one of the objections of
the Secretary of War, or rather one of his reasons
for preferring regular soldiers to volunteers; which
was, that they were more expensive to the Govern-
ment. This he was not prepared to admit. He
would submit to any gentleman present whether
volunteers could not be transported from any point
in the United States to the field of military opera-
tions in Mexico as cheaply as regular soldiers? He
would ask if their rations cost any more—if their
clothing cost more than those of the regular sol-
diers ? He thought that such arguments were not
sufficient to induce them to change the kind of
troops with which they were prosecuting this war. .
One moment's reflection would satisfy any Senator :
that such reasons must fall to the ground. He ad-
mitted that in case the services of the volunteers
were accepted for twelve months only, as had been
the case in the last war, and that at the end of
twelve months the forces would have to be renew-
ed, the expense attending their frequent transport-
ation would be enormously increased; but the
amendment which he had proposed obviated this
objection. And it was his opinion that volunteers
were better material for soldiers; for certainly their
intellect must be equal to that of the inlisted sol-
dier, and their skill and efficiency would therefore
be equal to those of the regular soldiers, while their
ardor and enthusiasm in the service of their coun-
try would be decidedly superior. The number of
desertions, it was well known, was greater from
the regular army than from the ranks of the vol-
unteers; of this fact he could produce satisfactory
proof. The number of desertions from the regular
army during the months of May, June, and July,
amounted to three hundred and sixty-one—though
he believed he might safely say that two-thirds of
these were foreigners-—and this out of an army not
exceeding 8,000 men; while out of 30,000 volun-
teers there had been a less number of desertions.
This proved that volunteers, in this point of view
at least, were the best material for soldiers. But
admit that they were equal, that their moral and
intellectual capacities were equal, coming into the*
service at the same time, and serving for the same,
length of time, and their officers being equal in in-
telligence and in military skill, then he would ask,
would not the volunteer soldier, at the en<j of t\velve
months or two years, or at the end of the war, after
an indefinite period of time, be as well disciplined
and as well qualified to discharge the duties of a
soldier, both in the camp and in the field, as regu-
lars could be? Gentlemen might, answer him by-
saying that the officers of the two descriptions of
forces would be different; that the officers to be ap-
pointed by the President would be better qualified
to command than the volunteer officers appointed
under the State laws. Upon this he took issue; -
and he would call upon his honof-able friends, the
Senators from Indiana, Illinois, and Mississippi, to
say whether the officers appointed to command the
troops raised in those States were not equal in point
of intellect, of moral character, and military skill,
to those who were appointed by the President to
command the rpgiment of mounted riflemen? This
question was raised by the distinguished Senator
from Michigan incidentally when he addressed the
Senate upon this bill the other day. The Presi-
dent, in the words of the honorable Senator, would
say to A. B., go and raise a regiment, and you shall
have a colonel's commission. A. B. will go and
say to some ten gentlemen, raise a company each,
and you shall be captains; and to other gentlemen,
assist in the good work, and you shall be lieuten-
ants. Now, he would ask, were those gentlemen
thus selected likely to be more intelligent, to be of
better moral character, or to have more military
skill or more courage, than the same number of
men appointed under the State laws? He thought
not. And it would be recollected that from the
moment these troops were mustered into the ser-
vice, they were subject to the same laws, regula-
tions, and restraints, as the regulars were. The
volunteer officers would have the same power to
enforce obedience that the officers of the regular
army had, and they would have the same motive
to exercise that power. This would not perhaps
be the case, however, if the service was to termi-
nate in six or even twelve months; but when it
was to last for an indefinite time, he apprehended
it would be the same.
He thought it would be admitted by all, that if
they obtained the residue of regular soldiers that
were already uuthoiized to be inlisted, they would
have done all that could have been reasonably ex-
pected. He trusted that the war would be con-
cluded before twelvemonths expired; and even if
it were extended to two years, it would then be
brought to a close before the ten regiments, to-
gether with those still required under the former
bill, could be recruited. If the plan suggested by
the Senator from Michigan should be adopted, the
men might be raised, (though tins he doubted;)
but would not all the objections which applied to
volunteers, apply to his plan ? If a captain re-
cruited a company, it would be in his own neigh-
borhood, among his friends and acquaintances; so
with the lieutonants; the men would inhst with
them because they knew them, and would expect
more favor and less restraint from them than from
a stranger; and would not the officer on his part
be desirous of obtaining the good will of his sol-
diers by the very same means which the volunteer
officer would use, and for the same end ? There-
fore, if the men were raised in this way, they
would be liable to all the objections to which vol-
unteers officered by their respective States were
liable.
There was one other argument used by those
who were in favor of the original bill, and that was,
that the President and Secretary of war had recom-
mended it. He believed he was as good a friend
of this Administration as any that it had. He
had used every possible exertion to bring it into
power, yet it was no argument with him to induce
him to vote for a measure in a particular form, to
say that the President or the Secretary of War re-
quired it. If the case were a doubtful one; if he
were in doubt as to which proposition was prefer-
able, this reason would induce him to vote for the
bill; for, as a matter of course, the Secretary of
War must be supposed to have better means of
judging of this matter than he had; but the Secre-
tary had given him no satisfactory reasons for this
