1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29ti-i Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Edwin H. Ewing.
Ho. of Reps.
But* something has been
By the haphazard Presi-
stituted authorities !
done; and by whom
dent of our republic.
And this brings me to the conduct of the Presi-
dent, to examine the part he has borne in this
transaction, and to scan the message by which he
has attempted ■ his defence. Of this message I feel
ashamed as a composition; I feel ashamed of its
•want of ingenuousness—ashamed of its reasons
and of its reasoning. The whole document is a
fine specimen of that kind of argument called the
rigmarole—of that kind of logic, or anti-logic,
called the non causa pro causa.
The President, when he came into power, found
us at peace with Mexico, the power to settle the
boundary between Mexico and the United States
had been reserved, in the resolutions annexing
Texas, to the Government of the United States.
The Goyernment alone could settle this boundary.
Whether the true boundary was upon one line or
upon another, was an open question, as admitted
in effect by these resolutions, binding both upon
the United States and Texas. This question the
President had no right to settle, except by a treaty
with Mexico, sanctioned by the advice and consent
of the Senate. If the Government of the United
States had directed the xohole of this disputed terri-
tory to have been taken possession of and occupicd
by a military force, it would have been an act of
war against Mexico, and would have been right or
wrong, according to the justice of the respective
claims on both sides; for, Mexico having refused
to treat, we would have in that way proceeded to
enforce our claim by military power, or in other
words have commenced war. But the power to
settle this boundary being thus reserved to the Gov-
ernment, the President, on the 13th of January,
1846, Congress being then in session, of his own
'mere motion, without communication to Congress,
without manifesto to the world, including Mexico,
orders our troops to the verge of the disputed ter-
ritory, plants his cannon over against the walls of
a Mexican city, sets down his army within forty
rods of the Mexican forces, and thereupon a colli-
sion immediately takes place between the hostile
squadrons. Under what provision of our Consti-
tution, or of our laws, were these steps taken ?
Was it to repel invasion he had himself commit-
ted the first unauthorized act? Was it to see that
the laws were faithfully executed? What law?
Was the danger of invasion on the part of Mexico
imminent? Why did he not ask Congress to de-
clare war? Was it that he feared, supple as that
body has been on some occasions, that it would
check him in his proceedings? What did he ex-
pect when he pushed his army to the Rio Grande?
Did he know nothing of the nature of armies?
Could he not anticipate an explosion? Did he
suppose that fire and gunpowder would lie quietly
together ?
"And what shall we say of this conduct? Shall
we fear to characterize it by its true name? Is it
not open, and gross, and dangerous usurpation of
power? I know that some gentlemen have strange
notions of sovereignty; and they seem to have a
sort of indefinite idea, which, however, they do not
openly express, that sovereignty in war belongs ;
to the President. We were told the other day, by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. In-
gersoll,] that there was as much soveieignty in
this Government and people as there was in the ;
Autocrat of Russia or the Sultan of Turkey. An :
amazing discovery this. I hope others, as well :
as myself, feel duly thankful to the gentleman for ;
this most novel announcement. The gentleman i
supposes, I imagine, that he alone has read Gro- |
tius, and Puffendorff, and Burlamaqui, andVattel, j
and Wheaton. But I agree with the gentleman— !
the laws of Congress are as absolute, within their 1
proper scope, as the ukase of the Emperor, or the
firman of the Sultan. I deny, however, the de-
duction which he would seem to draw from it; I
have yet to learn that the President possesses these
powers of sovereignty. He was not born to reign;
or, if he was, it was not to reign over Tennes-
seeans; he may be the king or the emperor of the
office-holders and office-seekers, and they may bow
low the pregnant hinges of the knee, and lick the
dust from his honored feet, but to these his empire
must as yet be confined. «
Possibly the gentleman from Pennsylvania may
have thought, that as Congress has the power alone
to declare war, that it is the President's business to
make it, and, after it is declared, to continue it.
The President has said, however, that the war
was made on us by Mexico: then why has he ex-
pended three-fourths of his message in showing that
we had good cause of war against Mexico? It
would have been altogether sufficient for him to
have shown that she had invaded our territory and
slain our citizens, and nothing more would have
been required. But he gives reasons to show that
we had good cause of war against her, to prove
that she has, made war upon us; or were these
reasons'only given to show the excessive impu-
dence of Mexico in making war upon us, when
all the time she has been committing enormities
against us ?
But we, who voted for the act of May last, are
charged with having endorsed the conduct of the
President. I repel this charge, so far as I am con-
cerned, with indignation and scorn. The pream-
ble to that act is first insultingly forced upon us,
and then triumphantly appealed to as evidence
against us. In Committee of the Whole on this
bill, I offered a substitute expressive of the true
reasons why the grant of men and money should
be made, and this being rejected, I voted for the
bill with the preamble, disregarding the shadow to
obtain the substance. I thought it necessary to
grant the supplies; General Taylor might have
been cut off, and hostilities prosecuted by the Mexi-
cansin to Texas. Besides, a collision having taken
place, no one could tell where the matter might
end, and it was a discretion given to the President
to use the men and money as circumstances might
demand, and for this use he was to beheld respon-
sible. War has never yet been declared by this
Government against Mexico according to the forms
of the Constitution.
I do not, Mr. Chairman, undertake to say that,
for the causes, or some of them, set down in the
President's message, and for the other causes, this
Government might not lawfully have made war upon
Mexico. I pronounce merely upon the existing
state of things. I say, then, that we have been
dragged, not to say dragooned, into this war by the
act of the President of the United States, contrary
to the forms of the Constitution, and by a high-
handed usurpation of power.
And what has been the real motive of all this?
Is it not shameful for gentlemen to deny that the
covert design of the President has been to abstract
a portion of her territory from a sister republic ?
Such is my belief, all evasions and denials to the
contrary notwithstanding. He longed to fill the
trumpet of fame with the nam $ of Polk, as a con-
queror. He wished to extinguish forever that de-
grading inquiry which from every quarter saluted
his ears as a candidate for the Presidency. He
need have no further fears, his name will be recol-
lected; it may go down to posterity, however,
with that of Erostratus and Empedocles, illustrious
alone for its crimes or its follies. But to the proof, i
Is it not in every act of the war? Why is not j
Mexico attacked at first m the heart of empire? j
Why have forces been marched to the outskirts of
her dominions ? Why are instructions given to !
set up civil governments in California and New '
Mexico, when New Leon and Tamaulipas are
neglected ? California and New Mexico, thinly !
inhabited by whites and roaming Indians, could j
get on almost without a government. The other j
two provinces, densely peopled; almost in the
heart of the republic, peculiarly required the as-
sistance of the civil in aid of our military power.
The President and his party, or many members i
of it, had long been looking with greedy eyes upon
California; this had appeared in thegivmgs out of ,
the Democratic papers of the West. A paper of
this faith, published in my own district, and well
advised of the views ofthe President, said, long be- -
fore this war broke out, that we might regard Cali- ,
fornia as ours. This war could not have been
made upon the technical grounds alleged by t,he
President in the presence of all these facts; there
must have been an animus furandi—a preconceived ,
plan of conquest—higher purposes, and those
more flattering to human ambition. True it is
the President now chooses to disavow the acts of
his satraps, Kearny, Stockton, and Sloat, they are
to be delivered over to the evil one; the heads of
these viziers are to be thrown over the walls of the
seraglio to pacify the people, or to quiet the jani-
zaries. But is it not a little extraordinary, Mr.
Chairman, that these dependant satellites have
dared to do such things against the will, and with-
out the authority, by which they are governed ?
There are more ways of conveying the meaning of
a ruler than one; there is such a thing as insinua-
tion plain enough to be understood, but having no
official or tangible shape, and which can, there-
fore, be disavowed if necessary or expedient. Mr.
Polk had not the nerve to avow it; but an order
there doubtless was. It is quite incredible that
they would have ventured to do all they have
done, if they did not suppose there was an author-
ity behind them greater than theirs, and able to
sustain them. I have no doubt that these men will
consider themselves exceedingly ill-used when they
come to find that the President had not the manli-
ness to stand up for them, and shield them from
their accuser. That their acts are totally indefen-
sible, and that the governments set up by them are
utterly illegal, and without authority, no one is now
found-hardy enough to deny. At fiist some were
found who declared the President's right to make
conquests, when war had been once declared.
This would really confer upon him sovereign .pow-
er. He may overrun territory, he may retain it;
he may, for military purposes, sometimes estab-
lish tempoiary civil governments; all this can be
done by him as commander-in-chief. The sover-
eign power alone can make conquests; if the com-
mander be the sovereign, then so soon as territory
is overrun, it is only with him, sic volo sic jubeo, to
make it a conquest. The President must appeal,
however, to higher authority, before- his captures
can become conquests. What Mr. Polk has in-
deed done or ordered in the territory occupied,
time may better develop. The satraps may some
time be heard in their own defence.
Upon the topics above discussed I waive further
remark, not, however, for fear of coming under
the charge of giving "aid and comfort" to the en-
emy. For this executive slander I feel all that
strong, and deep, and indignant contempt which it
is possible for any man to feel against what is
both false and vile. I know very well, too, that
this charge, though bandied here for political effect,
is not really believed in any quarter. There does
not live the man either in this House or m this na-
tion who does believe it. We have not, I hope,
yet come to that pass. There remain still too
much of the life and vigor, of the freshness and
newness, of republicanism among all the people of
this Union. JXo traitor is to be found anywhere
ready to give either secret or open aid and com-
fort to a public enemy. And I may say, in regard
to those fourteen gentlemen who recorded their
votes against the bill recognising the war, and at-
tributing it to the act of Mexico, and thus differing
from a majority of their friends, that I hope it has
not been a want of net ve that has prevented others
from appreciating their conduct as it ought to have
been. For one, I will say of them, that in my
opinion, there is as much of honor, and of patriot-
ism, and of principle, and of gentlemanly feeling,
among that body of men, as is to be found in the
same number of either Whigs or Democrats in
this House. Thoy need, however, no defence at
my hands. I believe that all those politically op-
posed to us here, however they may differ from
us in opinion, are patriotic in their purpose. Why
will not gentlemen do the Whigs the same justice ?
We may differ from each other in relation to this
war, its origin, conduct, and consequences, and all
be lovers of our country. Is it too great a stretch
of charity to ask this acknowledgment? Do gen-
tlemen sincerely maintain the charge of treason
made by the President? Do they in their hearts
believe that the fourteen gentlemen who voted
against the act of May last, did intend thereby to
give aid and comfort to the enemy? It is a gross
libel, come it whence it may. What! does this
President hope to put down public discussion and
free expression of opinion ? Does he think to re-
model this republic by his puny arm? Does he
hope to establish m this House a doctrine which
has been scorned in the British Parliament from
the days of Hampden until now? The whole
structure of our Government requires that all
measures of the Administration should be subject-
ed to rigid scrutiny, and that openly. This may
in time of war operate in some respects injuriously;
it may in some degree subtiact from the energy
