1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Appropriations for the Navy—Mr. Seaman.
New Series No. 18.
to the honorable Secretary of the Navy and Com
"modore Smith ,to prove the falsity of the charge. I
It has also been intimated, sir, that 1 approve of ■
the amendment offered by my colleague, [Mr. |
Lewis.] It is false. Every member on this side '
of the House will recollect that I was opposed to j
it; and my colleague will remember that I urged I
him to withdraw it before the vote was taken upon !
it. And my colleagues [Messrs. King and An- j
derson] will bear witness that I exerted myself on j
the other side of the House to defeat the amend- !
ment. I stated to the committee, and am so re- '
ported to have said, that if the amendment prevail-
ed, it would prove fatal to the dock.
Mr. Chairman, the bill is now in the Senate, and
an amendment has been reported by the Commit-
tee on Finance, to whom it was referred, restrict-
ing the time and amount for finishing the dock.
I am opposed to it. I am unwilling to accede to
any amendment which may embarrass the work, |
or by possibility defeat it. My constituents, sir, j
want to have the dock finished, cost what it may, !
and within the shortest possible time that a proper !
regard to the public interest will permit. What j
the Senate will do with this amendment, of course |
I cannot tell. I do not believe it will be adopted; j
I hope it will not, and I will make use of whatever "
influence I may have in that body to prevent it. I
have felt some anxiety as to the effect of the Sen-
ate's amendment, should it be adopted, and have
addressed the Secretary of the Navy, requesting
him to give me his views in relation to it. I will
read his reply for the information of the commit-
tee. He says:
"I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 9th instant, enclosing a copv of the amendments
proposed by the Senate's Committee on Naval Afians, to j
bill H. R. 596, making appiopriations foi the naval service !
for the next fiscal year. At your request. I have examined j
the proposed amendment, by way ot proviso to the appio- j
p.iation for the prosecution of the work on the diy dock at ;
Brooklyn. [
"In my annual report, I expressed my confident belief that j
the work was practicable. On such a question, my opinion j
was necessauly influenced by the lesults aheady accom- I
phshed, and the views of scientific men, whose professional !
attainments entitle their opinions to more respect than any
conclusion of my own. It would, therefore, be entnely
agreeable to me, if such be the pleasure of Congress, to see !
a provision in the bill, requiring a caieful survey andexami- j
nation of the work, by competent ofliceis, with "directions to i
discontinue the work, if the result shall be >ui h as to satiety
the department that the work is impracticable within reason-
able limits as to cost. In view of the great public tmpor- ,
tance of the work, 1 am not of opinion that the limit pre- |
scribed in the amendment proposed ought to be adopted, i
Theoiiiniial estimates, it is found, will not complete the !
work. The opinion of the expeuenced officer at the head
of the Bureau of Docks and Yards is, thru it may be antici-
pated that the work will post more than tho hunted amount
of twelve hundred thousand dollars. Some latitude ought
to be allowed for unforeseen contingencies. As to the lim-
itation of time, I entirely concur with Commodore Smith,
whose reply to your letter is herewith transmitted, that the
stability of a work like this, which it is hoped will la*t for
ages, depends on the settling and perfecting of the woik,
especially the masonry, as tiie work progresses This will !'
probably require more tune than that limited in the proviso [,
There is no doubt the woi k can be finished witlun the time !'
stipulated, but it cannot be well done, with the foundation |'
presented in the peculiai soil of the .Brooklyn dock, in that
time. And the public interest, it appea.s to me, will be best | j
promoted by the const)action with a view to peimanence, >j
rather than to expedition." I
I also, Mr. Chairman,'ad dressed a note to Com- j1
modore Smith, the Chief of the Bureau of Docks ;i
and Yards, in relation to this amendment. His j.
objections to it are so entirely in accordance with ;j
my own views, I must ask the attention of the!'
committee while I read his reply. He says: |;
" I have received your note of yesteiday's date, enclosing i;
to me the amendments, bvthe Senate,ofthe navyapptopri- ;i
ation bill, and askmgmy particular attention to the item for j
the dry-dock at Biooklyn.
a I should legret to see such a restriction attached to the 11
appropriation as the amendment proposes, and for tiie fol- J
lowing iea>ons: j
"First. If the Board, to beordeied by the Secretaiy of the !
Navy, after examining the dock, and estimating the coet to ■
complete it, -should leport the sum stipulated m the amend- ;,
ment to be inadequate to the purpose, even by ,->5.000, oi that i!
the work could not be pioperly done and completed within i!
tho time specified, then (undei the restiiction) the woik f
must stop, and gieat loss and deterioi ation to what has been ,,
"■done, and the material that have been provided, would ne- 1'
•cessnrilv ensue. j,
"Second. The time stated is too short in which to per- i;
form the work in the best manner. Tiie masonry of the ji
dock is thick and heavy, and to insure a strong and durable j!
work, sntficif nt time must be occupied tor the cement to set ] I
thoroughly. If the a<rents of the Government aie faithful, ij
the work will pi ogress as rapidly, if well done, and as eco- {1
comically, without the limitation proposed as with it. |!
" Third. If the woi k is to be completed in two years and i i
18
a half from this time, at least one-half of the sum named in
the amendment; and yet unappropriated, should be granted I
for the year 1848, oreisea much gieater poition ofthe work j
would fall to the last year, than could possibly be executed j
in a manner to secure its safety and permanency.
" My opinion if, that $1,250,000 would not fall far short,
or much exceed, if any, the entire cost of the work when
finished; and I am also of opinion, that the term of three
years should be allowed to accomplish it.
" That part of the amendment which directs the Secretary
of the Navy to order a board of competent engineers to ex-
amine and report on the practicability of, and the cost and
time neees ary for, finishing the dock, would not be object-
ed to, but rather desired by the department, ac affording in-
formation for its guidance m future expenditures on that
object."
Mr. Chairman, there have been indications from
the commencement of the session, that efforts
would be made to defeat this appropriation. I
have heard it, sir, in the .Navy Department, in the
streets, and in this Hall. I have been told that
influential members of this House were opposed to
it; and that efforts would be made to .suspend the
work upon the stone dock, and to substitute one of
the floating docks for it. It is well known, sir, that
from the first day of the session up to this very
hour, parties interested in these docks have been
in this city, and in this Capitol, urging the supe*
riority of these docks to the stone dock. Pam-
phlets and letters have been circulated among the j
members, urging the superiority of the one, and
speaking disparagingly of the other. I regret, sir,
that opposition to this great national work should
have shown itself in any quarter; and I do most
deeply regret that it is encouragcd by members of
this Housfe.
This, sir, is a work undertaken by the Govern-
ment, after much care and examination had been
devoted to the subject; hoth as to the description
of dock, and the most desirable location. 1 pro-
pose to go into a brief history of the work, and
will endeavor to show what the action of the Gov-
ernment has been in relation to it.
The first act of Congress making an appropria-
tion for the construction of a dry dock at New
York, for the naval service, was passed on the 3d
of March, 1835, and appropriated $>100,000. The
passage of tins act led to the opposition of interest-
ed, conflicting parties, and resulted in the appoint-
ment by the Navy Department of several surveys
and examinations.
The first of these surveys was made in the year
1836, by Colonel L. Baldwin, and the second in
1837, by Professor Renwick. On the 2ist of Feb-
ruary, i838, the Navy Commissioners also report-
ed on the subject, and urged the immediate con-
struction of the stone dock. Subsequently d com-
mission, consisting of Commodores Conner and
Shubrick, and Mr. Robinson, made another report,
sustaining the report which I have just named.
After all this care on the part of the Govern-
ment, (and it is evident the Government did not
intend to make a false move in the matter,) another
commission, consisting of Commodore Kennon,
Colonel S. Humphreys, and Professor Johnson,
was appointed, to examine and report upon the
different kinds of docks; and they reported the
stone dock as preferable to all others, for the New
York yard.
It would be as well here to remark, sir, that all
these surveys resulted in a report in favor of the
present location of the dock.
On the 3d of March, 1841, Congress made an ap-
propriation of §50,000 to commence the stone dock.
In September of the same year, the work was com- j
menced under the direction of E. H. Courtenay,
engineer, and prosecuted until the 1st of August, !
1842, when the work was suspended. This sus- 1
pension was occasioned by the efforts of the float-
ing-dock companies to induce Congress to adopt
their plan, in preference to the stone dock.
During the session of Congress of 1842 and '43,
another scheme was introduced; which was to
remove the navy yard over to the city of New York,
and there to construct a dock, making use of the
Croton water, as an elevating power. By the
efforts of the friends of this scheme a survey was
made by order of the Government, and the engi-
neer, Mr. Sanger, reported against the plan.
After those -various examinations of the different
kinds of docks submitted for the yard at New ,
York, Congress, on the 17th of June, 1844, passed ]
an act directing that the unexpended balance of
$129,100 appropriated for the dock, should be ex- I
pended in the continuation of the work upon the I
stone dock, and accordingly operations were re-
sumed in October, 1844, under direction of General
McNeil.
On the 3d of March, 1845, a further appropria-
tion of $150,000 was made by Congress, and du-
ring the last session of the present Congress,
§250,000 more was appropriated; making in all
$550,000 appropriated for the work. The $275,000
now reported, will swell up the total amount ap-
propriated to $825,000, should the bill become a
law.
I might state other facts in connexion with those
already stated, but I have enough for my present
purpose. The committee will perceive that al-
though the dock has met with repeated opposition
and embarrassment, the Government has gone on
with a fixed determination to complete the work;
the stone has been contracted for, and a large
quantity has been delivered at the yard, and which
the Government must pay for should the appro-
priation be lost or embarrassed, or the work be
suspended. It will require one half of the amount
now asked for to pay the contracts which the Gov-
ernment is now under for materials for this work;
and these certainly must be paid, whatever may
become of the dock. And this is not all, it will re-
quire not a small sum to fill up the pit which has
been excavated.
It has been said by those opposed to this dock,
that in the prosecution of the work, a bed of quick-
sand has been encountered, which must lead to the
abandonment of the work; that it is not practica-
ble to finish it. This is not true. 'It is true, diffi-
culties and embarrassments have been met with,
and this was to be expected in a work*)f this mag-
nitude; but difficulties occurred in the construction
of the other stone docks in the service, but they
were not abandoned. Are we, sitting here as legis-
lators, to be influenced by mere rumor, circulated
by interested parties, or got up for political effect
by certain politicians, professing friendship for the
dock, but at the same time its mostbitter enemies ?
What should we consider authority here? Why,
certain official reports and documents. Now let
me ask attention to the official documents before
me. In addition to the letter which T have just
read, Commodore Smiih, in his annual report to
the Secretary of the Navy, at the commencement
of the present session, says:
"The engineer is satisfied of the entire piacticahilify of
constructing the woik on its present site, and upon the plan
which has been adopted. The additional seemitie* that
have been lecemly taken to guard asainst accident in future,
induce me to believe that the work will be ■successfully pros-
ecuted, and for this purpose the sum of .<$2/5,000 is asked."
The Secretary of the Navy confirms the opinion
of Commodore Smith, as follows:
"The difficulties which have been e"\perienced m the
work nn the diy-dnck at New Yoik have letarded its prog-
ress, but Us practicability i<? not doubted, and its giear im-
portance to the navv induce5; me earnestly to recommend
the appropriation of the required funds for its prosecu-
tion."
And this is not all, sir. The engineer in charge
of the dock has, up to this time, entire confidence
in the practicability of finishing it. I requested
him to give me his views on the subject. His let-
ter is before me, and I will read portions of it. It
can be examined by any member who wishes to
see it.
I have before me, sir, the Brooklyn Daily Ad-
vertiser and the New York Evening Post, in which
1 find articles in relation to the dock. I will read
them, to show to the committee what public opin-
ion is in New York and Biooklyn in relation to
this important work:
" Dry Dock \t the Navy Yard.—Thh gigantic under-
tnkine i-- now in a ramd <?tnto o{ progress, wme «even or
eight hundred men being employe d in the work. The pit is
well secured na;.ii n>t the rccuirence of any further breaches,
by an outMd*. d< <ntt winch the cngineei ha- recently caused
to be eon^tmefed nlon<; the whole front of the coffer dam.
The foundation pile- were to commence b^ing dmen this
momma, anil the 1ir-t ransre of foundation stones will soon
fol low. Tin re like to have been a slight accident to the
woik on Sund.H', on account of an immense pile of earth
which had been heaped up neai the rear of the work. The
d.irn lije. which consibted imuelyin r-habtly displacing one
side of the coffer dam, soon remedied by the iemo\al
of the earth."— (Brooklyn Daily Jltve,User.)
" Dry Dock at Brooklyn.—During the hue fine weather
great progie«s has been made with thi« impoitont work. In
some portions of the pit the excavation i* nearly or quite
finished, and we arc mfoimdd that the engineer has aheady
commenced driving the foundation piles. The cofferdam
i« to all appearance perfectly permanent, and remaikably
tight; so much so that all the water which now comes into
