1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
29th Cong 2d Sess,
The Mexican War—Mr. Miller.
Senate.
No one can anticipate the difficulties, nor esti-
mate the expenses of such an army. They can
only be realized when we come to settle up the
account of this war.
We may, however, in some degree, anticipate
the amount by the expenditures already made.
From the best information I can get, I am satisfied
that the first year of this war will cost us about
$100,000,000.
At the last session we appropriated for the army
alone, as follows: *
By the act of the 13th May $10,000,000
By the act of the 20th June  1*2,000,000
By the act of the 8th August... 2,200,000
§24,200,000
We have raised, by loans made expressly to
meet our war expenses,#is follows:
By act of the 20th July #10,000,000
By act passed at this session  23,000,000
We have also consumed the sur-
plus in the treasury when the
war commenced ,.. 12,000,000
The necessary appropriation bills
now on our table, to be passed
at this session, will, I under-
stand, amount to about  50,000,000
I have thus stated the nature of the war, and the
enormous, yet necessary, expenses attending its
prosecution, for the purpose of calling the attention
of the country to them, and then to ask the con-
ductors of this war how they expect to meet and
pay these accumulating expenditures.
It is an easy matter to get a counti*y into war.
A blunder, an indiscretion, may do this. A hasty
order from the War Department, directing your
army to take an extreme position, may bring on
the collision. But it is a different matter to con-
duct that war with ability arid vigor, after it is
made. It then requires other facilities, and higher
powers of intellect, in order to sustain the country
under its burdens, and to conduct the nation safely
through all its hazards, back to honorable peace.
These facilities, these powers, have not, in my
opinion, been exhibited by the, authors of this
war. They seem to think that they have per-
formed their whole duty by bringing the war upon
the country. That being done, they leave the war
to take care of itself, to fight its own way, and,
finally, to pay itself in Mexican provinces.
The great question in all wars, conducted by
civilized nations, is, how are the ways and means
necessary to sustain the war to be raised ?
The two gresi means of war are men and mon-
ey—the lives and property of the citizens. These
constitute the food of war; without them it cannot
be sustained. All experience has shown that war
never fails for the want of the soldier to fight the
battles of his country. The great difficulty is the
money. That is the difficulty which now embar-
rasses the conductors of the war with Mexico.
How to raise the money is the question.
Will you raise it by a sufficient tax from the
people, and thus let them f$el at once the burden
of the war ? or will you resort to credit, and throw
the burdens upon those who follow after you ? If
you feel that the people will not submit to be taxed
to sustain your war, you will resort to the latter
mode. But if you have confidence in the justice
and necessity of the war—if yon believe that the
hearts of the people are in it—that it is in truth a
war in defence of our national rights, made to re-
sist invasion, and to revenge "American blood
shed upon American soil," you cannot, you ought
not, to doubt their patriotism, by supposing that
they are unwilling to make the sacrifice.
It appears tome that this Administration have
shown a little want of nerve upon this point. They
were bold and reckless in bringing on the war—
loud and clamorous against all who do not justify
the act. Yet, when called upon to meet the re-
sponsibility of taxing: the people to sustain the
war, they become timid, cautious, and silent.
We have frequent calls from the Executive for
men and money, but not a word about taxes. The
Democracy will submit to anything but that. They
will vote loans by millions—create a national debt
to any amount; they will give up their cherished
theory of c< a hard-money currency," and embrace
a circulating medium of suspended Goverment pa-
per. In short, they will do almost .anything the
President may ask, except consent to be taxed for
the support of this war.
We have splendid schemes of conquest: all
Mexico is to be subjugated to our arms. Yet the
Democracy is to be permitted to drink its tea and its
coffee, all free and taxless. Our tax-gatherers are
to be in Mexico. Mexico is to be conquered, and
her people made to pay for their own subjugation.
Our army, in its march, is to be supported by con-
tributions upon the enemy; and after the war is
over, the balance of the account is to be satisfied
by taking to ourselves two or more Mexican prov-
inces.
This mode of carrying on a taxless war, takes
us back to the Goths and Huns. Attila thundered
at the gates of Rome, exacted contributions from
its timid citizens, and, after paying the expenses
of his invasion with Roman money and Roman
provinces, retired, but to recruit his army for an-
other aggression.
Although a year has now nearly passed since
this war commenced, and two sessions of Congress
have passed, there has been no change made in
our system of finance, for the purpose of meeting
the expenses of the war. This policy is unparal-
leled in the history of any country. At the com-
mencement of the last war, the party then in power
met the contingency at once, openly and manfully.
So soon as war was declared the existing duties on
foreign imports, although much higher than they
are now, were immediately doubled. I undertake
to predict that the honor and credit of the country
cannot be sustained in war under the present sys-
tem of finance. It will be found inefficient even
in time of pcace, but in a state of war it will prove
to be utterly incompetent to maintain the credit of
the Government. What is the .system ?
It is, 1st. A reduction of duties so as to bring
the revenue down to the wants of an economical
administration in time of peace.
2d. Free trade, which has for its object the aboli-
tion of all duties upon foreign imports.
3d. A hard money currency by means of the
sub -treasury.
All these measures were concocted in time of
peace, and although forced upon the country after
the war commenced, no one will pretend that they
were suggested by the war. We all know that
these measures were intended to carry out certain
political theories, long indulged in by one political
party in this country. I know it has been said
that the tariff bill of 184f> will produce more revenue
than that of 1842. But this is an afterthought, not
true in fact, and contradicted by the President in
his message recommending the adoption of that
measure.
Under this system of low duties, free trade, and
no credit, we are to carry on a foreign war—a war
at the distance of from three to five thousand
miles; its object the subjugation of eight millions
of people; its expenditures at the rate of one hun-
dred millions of dollars per year.
Is there a nation on the face of the earth that
would rely upon such a system as this to sustain
its credit in such a war ?
A war of this character will cost the United
States much more than it would one of the mon- j
archies of Europe. They have their standing ar- \
mies constantly in the field; their large naval and j
military establishments constantly prepared for i
war, and may at any time, employ them in foreign j
campaigns, without the extravagance which must ,
always attend a new and sudden preparation for ;
war. But not so with this Government; a state !
of war, or the preparation for it, has not been our j
policy. j
The forms of our institution do not contemplate j
a foreign war for conquest. A war of defence we ,
can carry on against the world in arms, and at less j
comparative expense; for every freeman is ready ;
to give his blood and property in defence of his
country; but a war of aggression, I repeat, will
cost this Government more than it would any other j
nation upon the face of the earth. We are giants ;
in defence, but pigmies in aggression.
We have been frequently taunted, on this side ,
of the chamber, with not giving a hearty support to 1
the war; with an unwillingness to assist the Ad-
ministration to carry it on vigorously. Sir, as the j
Administration made this war without asking om
consent, and, as the gentlemen on the other side .
of the chamber seem to take it under their special '
keeping, we, being in the minority, might have
justified ourselves to the country by withholding
our active support. But we have not done so; we
have forgotten the cause of the war in the recol-
lection that the honor and welfare of our country
were at stake, and have voted all the supplies
asked for by the Administration.
Having done this, we now have the right, and
with more justice, too, to turn about and say to
you and to the Administration, you have neglected
to prepare the country for a vigorous prosecution
of this war; instead of calling upon the people of
this country to pledge their property to sustain the
war, you have gone upon credit; you have relied
upon borrowing; you have attempted to piw^your
credit to the utmost extreme; and in the v^y first
year of the war your chief officer of finance, with
all his ingenuity, is at his wit's end as to how he
shall raise money. You preferred your own poli-
tical theories, which you have been preparing for
the last fifteen years for a time of peace, and you
will not now give them up in time of war; you will
not give up your sub-treasury, though every iron
chest in it holds nothing but your promises to pay;
you will not levy a tax for fear it will disturb your
prettily contrived schemes; you adhere to party
measures notwithstanding the emergency which
calls upon you to lay aside party feelings.
I throw back the charge upon those who origi-
nated the war; they, not we, have failed to prose-
cute the war with vigor, by not performing their
duty to the country in preparing the finances of
the Government to meet the emergency created by
themselves.
I have thus referred to the expense of the war
and to the neglect of the Administration in provi-
ding the means to meet them, not for the purpose
of finding fault or casting censure upon any one,
but for the higher purpose of calling the attention
of the country to the difficulties and dangers attend-
ing the prosecution of a war like that which we are
now engaged in.
I now desire to say a word or two about the
manner in which the military part of this war has
been conducted. I do not agree with gentlemen
here that it is the duty of the Executive, upon his
i own responsibility, to plan the campaign for our
' armies. I doubt whether either the President or
, his Secretary has the capacity, natural or acquired,
i for the performance of such a duty. However
that may be, it is now understood, that this, the
first and grand campaign against Mexico, was
planned, and has since been controlled, entirely by
the Executive. To understand its merits, it is
necessary to look a little into its details.
I The avowed object of the campaign is to " con-
| quer a speedy peace." To accomplish this, a blow
| must be struck at the heart of Mcxico; march to
i the halls of the Montezumas, and there dictate a
; peace. Now let us see how the Executive under-
j takes to accomplish this result. What are his mili-
j tary movements?
I He commences by surrounding Mexico with
j our naval and military forces, like the waters sur-
| round the continent. The army is divided into
! four divisions. Three of these divisions are placed
| as far off from the point where this speedy peace
| is to be conquered as he could well get them,
where, instead of being able to strike at the heart
I of Mexico, they are obliged to contend with the
' wilderness, and fight for their own subsistence.
Part of our navy commands the Gulf, but for no
i purpose, as yet developed, but to contend with
, winds, and to afford a safe passport to Santa Ana.
! Another part sails up and down the defenceless
■ coasts of the Pacific. Its commanders employed
; in making constitutions and establishing civil gov-
ernments for Mexico and citizens for the United
States. This is a general view of this grand Ex-
ecutive peace-conquering campaign. The policy
| of that plan depends altogether upon the object its
author had in view. If the object be peace, the
mode he has adopted is directly opposite of that
which he should have adopted to accomplish that
object. But if his purpose be to dismember Mex-
! ico of her provinces, and not peace, then his cam-
■ paign has been wisely planned.
j We have had many schemes for conducting the
! war. We hear of them daily. You hardly meet
' a man of military pretensions in the streets who
! has not his plan for conquering Mexico; but I con-
I fess that the President's plan for conqueringspeedy
