APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 2,
'29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Delano.
Ho. of Reps.
free States, casting aside all party differences, will
then stand firmly erect in resistance to the further-
extension of slavery, while the slave States, equal-
ly united, will demand their rights. When that
crisis comes—a crisis to be deplored by all good
men—your conquered peace in Mexico will become
the fierce spirit of discord at home. The war
will not be over, but only transferred from Africa
to Rome.
Bat the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sevier,]
says, we want more territory, and that he will not
be satisfied with any treaty which will give us less
than New Mexico and California. For what pur-
pose, I ask him, why should we pay $3,000,000,
and siMrender the claims of our citizens to the two
millio^ of indemnities, and take pay in land?
Do we want land ? Are we so cramped that we
cannot live without enlarging the area of the coun-
try? Is the valley of the Mississippi worn out?
Is the rich and fertile soil there to be forsaken,
and our people to go to Mexico to seek new
homes? Has the Senator so soon forgotten Ore-
gon; Oregon, that land of fat things; that land
of deep rivers and broad valleys; that land for
which your President a year ago was willing to
fight for, and die for,.even up to 54° 40'? or is it,
that Oregon,having been obtained without war, is
too humble a trophy for our ambition; and that
we are now to rush, like the bloodhound, into the
wilderness, in pursuit of conquests more sangui-
nary ?
We have, during the last year, perfected our
title to Oregon, and by it opened a way to our
people across the continent to the Pacific; but we
nave not yet extended our laws and institutions
there, by the establishment of a territorial govern-
ment; when we shall have done so, its capabili-
ties for agriculture, its position for commerce,
will develop themselves. Then our citizens may
go there in safety; our commcrce will then estab-
lish its ports and marts on the mighty Pacific, our
institutions, our laws, and our religion, will take a
stand there, and have their influence, not only on
the Pacific coast, but across that ocean, and in the
islands of the sea. The great work of building
up and sustaining Oregon is before us. It is a
work of peace and of civilization. But before we
take one step to build up and sustain that Terri-
tory, one hundred millions of dollars is to be ex-
pended to acquire lNTew Mexico and California.
Shall we never stop our acquisitions ! When we
get New Mexico and California, will we not push
our acquisitions further5. When the annexation
of Texas was urged upon us, we were told that
was to round off the boundary of the Union.
Thus far we were to go, and no further. But a
year has not passed, when by reason of a trifling
dispute about two millions of dollars and the set-
tlement of a boundary line, we are thrown into a
war, which is not to be settled, says the Senator 1
from Arkansas, until New Mexico and California ;
are ours. If the country will submit to this, and i
allow aggression after aggression to be carricd on i
to acquire new territory, it will be of very little '
use to attempt to improve our country at home. I
We had better cast loose the rein, and let all the ,
energies of the country expend themselves in the j
acquisition of foreign climes. '
But suppose we get New Mexico by conquest, ;
what shall we do with its five hundred thousand j
inhabitants? Gentlemen seemed to look upon it !
as a mere acquisition of territory—as the acquisi- i
tion of so many acres of land or squtue miles. ■
Why, there were people there; there are citizens •
of Mexico there. What was proposed to be done i
with them ? I doubt very much whether, under .
our form of government, you can bring into the i
United States, by means of conquest, a foreign |
peopleand territory. I speak, however, more par- !
ticularly of people. Can we by conquest, compel !
the people of another republic to become citizens '
of the United States? Why, we have proclaimed '
to the world that no man can be compelled by 1
force of arms to owe allegiance to any country; '
and that he has the right to throw off his allegiance I
to any sovereign on earth. Daily we admit hun- '
dreds of emigrants from Europe to the rights of
citizenship, having long since discarded from our
statute books the old doctrinc that a man has, in
this matter, no right of choice. What, then, I
repeat, do you mean to do with these people? Do
you, by force of arms, intend to compel an en-
tire people to become free citizens of the United
States?
But to conclude. This war has been com-
menced because the blood of American citizens
has been shed on American soil—that was the
word which went forth through the country, and
struck every ear and heart—for that our armies
had been marched to and across the Rio Grande,
there to right ourselves before the world, and to
defend our honor.
Having fully attained these objects, and nobly
sustained all the just rights of the country, what
honor, what utility can there be in the further
prosecution of this war? I can conceive of none,
unless it be for that vain-glorious object which I
have heard stated here, military renown in Europe.
We have been told that though the war had cost
us much, we had been fully repaid by the renown
which our arms had won; that European nations
had forgotten us, but that now they were taught
that we could defend both ourselves and our rights.
But was it possible that Europe could have forgot-
ten all the glorious deeds of the last war and the
war of the Revolution? If all the honor and gloi*y
we acquired in contending with one of the greatest
military nations on earth, had passed away like a
dream, what could this miserable contest with
poor, stricken-down Mexico do to establish our
renown? I have never been in foreign parts; but
if the American name and glory were so low that
it was necessary to engage m a war with Mexico
to establish them, I never desire to go there, until
the character of an American citizen shall be more
truly appreciated and understood. But did the
power and glory of this republic depend on deeds
of war? No, our glory was derived from achieve-
ments of peace. Our enterprise, our institutions,
our religion, were our glory and our boast; and
when all the renown which could be derived from
deeds of arms had passed away, the glory of this
country, founded on the great principles of peace
and justice, would continue to attract the attention
and secure the admiration of the world.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. €. DELANO,
OF OHIO,
In- the House of Representatives,
February 2, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under con-
sideration the Civil and Diplomatic Appropria-
tion Bill—
Mr. DELANO said: It is not my purpose to
participate in the controversy which exists be-
tween members of the dominant party, in regard
t'o the proposed duty on tea and coffee.
However important this subject may appear to
the gentleman from Illinois, [IVIr. Wentwukth,]
j or the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. John-
] son",] I cannot bring my mind to the conclusion,
1 that it is of the first consequence to the American
I people at the present moment. I will venture, ho w-
j ever, in passing, to promise the honorable gentle-
: men to whom I have alluded, that when the day of
| trial comes, they will find members upon this side
! of the Hall true to their engagement. Under the
; pressure of your tariff of 1846, we will oppose
; such duty; and we will vote for that famous pro-
viso, called '• Wilmot's," if we ever reach it, to
| which allusion has also been made by the gentle-
| men who have preceded me. My fear is, that
i when the time for acting shall arrive, the Demo-
j cratic members who now favor the proviso, and
j oppose the duty, will be missing; and that if we
: call upon them for help in time of need, they will
! answer us as the unruly urchin answered his
j mother—"the more you'call us, the more we won't
' come." To be perfectly plain, I mean to insinu-
ate, sir, that they will back out, as they always
have done upon previous occasions.
My object in obtaining the floor was to express
my views in regard to this unhappy and deplora-
ble war. I agree, sir, that it is always the duty
of the citizen to sustain the rights, honor, and dig-
nity of his country; in the common phrase of the
day, " to stand by the country ana sustain her
flag."
The President and his friends insist that, in time
of war, this duty can only be discharged by closing
our eyes, sealing our lips, and blindly and mutely
■placing the entire resources of the'fepublic into hi3
hands, to be used for such purposes as he chooses.
And we are informed by him, who demands this
passive obedience to his will, that a neglect to
yield it will furnish " aid and comfort" to the
enemy, and is, therefore, moral treason. This
sentiment, falling from any source in this Govern-
ment, save the Chief Magistrate, would be un-
worthy of notice; its enormity, notwithstanding its
high paternity, will be its answer and antidote;
and the contempt it merits will be best exhibited
by saying what we think, without stopping to an-
swer this Presidential Bull of prohibition. Werel
to reply at all to this unlimited and tyrannical as-
sumption of power, I would do it in the language
of the heroic Spartans, who, when commanded to
fall upon the ground and worship the king of Per-
sia, refused, saying, "it is not our custom to
worship a man, nor for this purpose came we
hither.''
But, Mr. Chairman, during the debates of the
present session, I have heard another course of
conduct pointed out, which I deem equally errone-
ous, and vastly more mischievous. If I have cor-
rectly apprehended the remarks of the honorable
member from Massachusetts, [Mr. "VVinthrop,]
he maintains, that we may watch and disapprove
the conduct of the Executive, but that Congress
has no right to end the war by refusing supplies.
He insists that the British precedents for oppo-
sition to an Administration to the extent of with-
holding supplies, which, in a previous debate, were
produced by my colleague, [Mr. Giddings,] are
not applicable to this Government; for the reason,
that a refusal of supplies in Parliament is generally
equivalent to a change of Administration; that such
refusal here would not produce the same end, and
might result in a dangerous conflict between Con-
gress and the Executive.
To avoid injustice, I will quote a paragraph from
his printed speech:
"But our Executive is elected for a term of year*?, and his
Cabinet are quite independent oj our votes. A refusal of all
supplies might hamper and embarrass an Executive, and give
an enemy the advantage of divided counsels, but could hard-
; ly enforce a change of policy, or secure a concerted action
in favor of peace. Certainly it does not seem to me the mode
contemplated by our Constitution for putting an end to the war
when it has been commenced.
" The people alone can apply the potent styptic, the magi-
cftl Brocchieri, for stopping the effusion of blood, if the Ex-
ecutive will that it shall continue to flow. It is their preroga-
tive to change the Administration, and the day is coming,
j though faither off than some of us might wish, when they
! will have the opportunity of exercising it."
| I must dissent from this doctrine, and I cannot
restrain an expression of deep regret that senti-
ments so dangerous to the rights and liberties of
the American people; so utterly subversive of the
dignity, power, and utility of Congress, should
have been advanced or sanctioned by a son of
Massachusetts.
Let us examine the subject. The object in with-
holding supplies is to stop the Administration in its
career of error and mischief. Such an object is as
worthy in America as in England. If an Admin-
istration is unable to obtain the means from the
representatives of the people to carry on its mea^
ures, it is compelled to change its policy, and pur-
sue a course that will meet the approbation of the
country. This change may take place, either in
England or America, with or without a resignation
of ministers; but, when deprived of supplies, min-
isters there or here would be compelled to resign,
or change their policy. To resign is the practice
in Great Britain, and it is only a consequence re-
sulting from defeat. It is not the circumstance of
resignation which gives the right to refuse supplies,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts seems to infer;
because, even in England, resignation does not
always follow when ministers are found in a mi-
nority. If I mistake not, Mr. Pitt's administration
furnishes an example where ministers refused to
resign, though left in a minority, which preserved
its power until the King dissolved the Parliament.
But, whether in England or America, the end to be
obtained by refusing supplies is to change the
policy of the Government; and it is quite unim-
: portant to the people whether such change results
j from the accession of new ministers, or by a fa-
! vorable alteration in the policy of old ones. It
' does not follow, therefore, in my judgment, that,
