1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
279
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Delano.
Ho. of Reps.
from the practice of resignation in the British Par-
liament, and because " our Executive is elected for
a term of years," that the Cabinet here are " quite
independent of our votes." • But if thus independ-
ent, may the President involve the country in a war,
unconstitutional in its origin, expensive in its pros-
ecution, wicked in its objects, and dangerous in its
consequences? And is there no u mode contem-
plated by our Constitution for putting an end to
such a war when it has been commenced ?" Is
there no way in our Government to stop the effu-
sion of blood in such a war, "if it be the Executive
will that it shall continue to flow J' except to Jet it
flow on during the period for which the Executive
was elected, and then have the people apply " the
potent styptic?"
I am unwilling to sanction, even by silence, a
doctrine which puts this country, for a period of
four years, so entirely, absolutely, at the mercy of
one man; a doctrine which proposes, in time of
war, when necessarily and inevitably the power
and patronage of (he President is increased, to make
him and his cabinet " independent*' of Congress;
which throws at once t{ the reins" of Government
upon the neck of " Executive power," and gives
the steed full license to trample upon the liberties
and lives of the people. The framers of the Con-
stitution never looked for such an interpretation of (
it. They expressly reserved to Congress the right I
to declare war; they knew that money whs neces-
sary to wage war; and they supposed that, as long
as the power to grant and withhold supplies re-
mained with Congress, the President, by a judi-
cious exercise of this power, would be restrained
from prosecuting any war longer than should be
necessary and proper. If any doubt can exist,
upon a careful investigation of this subject, with-
out reference to the debates upon the formation of
the Constitution, none will remain in the mind of
any person who wili make himself acquainted with
these debates. While the Convention was con-
sidering the provision of the Constitution which
authorizes the President, with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to make treaties:
" Mr. Madison moved to authorize two-thirds of the Sen-
ate to make treaties of peace, without the concurrence of the
President, The President, he said, would necessarily de-
rive so much power and importance from a state of war,
that he might be tempted, if authorized, to impede a treaty
of peace.'5
"Mr. Gorham thought the security unnecessary, as the
means of carrying on the war would not be in the hands of
the Executive, but of the Legislature."—(SeeElliot's Debates,
v)l. 5, pas;e 324.)
Thus, it appears, that a member of the Conven-
tion from the State of Massachusetts supposed that
Congress would have power to refuse supplies,
and thus control the Executive in time of war; and
this opinion seems to have influenced the Conven-
tion in rejecting Mr. Madison's amendment as un-
necessary.
I claim, then, that the noble examples of parlia-
mentary resistance to tyranny and murder, which
we have in the lives of Burke, Pox, Haitley, Chat-
ham, and their associates, are worthy of imitation
in an American Congress. That the President and
his Cabinet are not " independent!" That Con-
gress has the right, under the Constitution, to grant
and refuse supplies in time of war, being responsi-
ble for the manner of its exercise.
This brings" me to the important question which
I desire to submit to the House and the country:
How shall this right be exercised now ? What is
the duty of Congress? How can we best serve
the country? By giving supplies to drive on,
through blood, this war of conquest, until Mexico
is subdued and dismembered; or by refusing sup-
plies, and thus compelling the Executive to cease
its prosecution ?
If our rights were invaded, by land or by sea,
to defend these rights would be the duty of every
citizen, without inquiring into the cause of such
invasion. In a war of defence, supplies must never
be withheld. Such was the opinion of John Jay
in regard to the war of 1812, after the Capitol had
been burned, and when our frontiers were occupied
by British troops, and our commerce exposed to a
British navy; and his opinion went no farther.
This is a war offensive, not defensive, on our part.
Mexico has never invaded our rights, on the sea or
on the land, but we are invading her soil. I admit
that Congress should exercise the right of refusing
supplies with wisdom and candor, and not in a
spirit of factious opposition. It should be done for
the country's welfare, and because to do so is truly
to sustain the honor and glory of the nation. To
determine, then, how the right should now be ex-
ercised, let us examine the causes, the objects, and
the consequences of this war, provided we go on to
" conquer peace."
Its immediate cause was the advance of the
" army of occupation," from the Nueces to the
Rio Grande, under General Taylor, pursuant to
the order of the Secretary of War, dated January
13th, 1846. This advance resulted in the military
occupation by our troops of all the country east of
the Rio Grande. It drove the Mexican people to
the west side of the river, and produced a blockade.
It resulted in our military and forcible possession
of Mexican territory, at least of territory fairly in
dispute, inhabited by Mexicans; it alarmed, irri-
tated, and excited the Mexican people; and finally
it produced collision, brought on hostilities, and
ended in war. That war is now upon us, and I
charge its calamities upon the President.
In the message of the Executive, transmitted to
this House on the 11th of May last, he substan-
tially admits what I have said as to the cause of the
war, and attempts to justify the order of the 13th
of January upon the ground that Mexico had re-
fused the offer of a peaceful adjustment of difficul- ;
ties, that the territory to the Rio Grande belonged
to this Government, and that there was danger of
invasion from that quarter. I quote from the
message:
"This the Government of Mexico, though solemnly
pledged, by official acts, in October last, to receive and .
accredit an American envoy, violated their plighted faith, j
and refused the offer of a peaceful adjustmentof our difficul-
ties. * * Meantime, Texas, by the final action of our
Congress, had become an integral part of our Union. The
Congress of Texas, by its act of December 19.1836, had de-
clared the Rio del Norte to be the boundary of that republic.
Its jurisdiction had been exercised, and extended, beyond the
Nueces. * * It became, therefoie, of urgent necessity to
provide for the dejence of that portion of our country. Ac-
cordingly, on the 13th of January last, instructions were
issued to the general in command of the troops to occupy
the left bank of the Del Norte. Thirf river, which is the
southwestern boundary of Texas, is an exposed frontier;
from this quarterinvasion was threatened
Mr. Chairman, not one of the three reasons here
assigned for the order of the 13th of January, is
true" What the President asserts for fact, is but
fiction. There was no "danger of invasion/' as
is shown by the letters of General Taylor to the
, War Department, dated September 6, 1845, and
| February 16, 1846 In the first, he writes:
! "I have the honoi to report that a confidential agent,
I despatched to Matamoros, has returned, and reports that no
extraordinary preparations are going forward there : that the
| garrison does not seem to have been increased, and that our
consul is of opinion there will be no war."
| In the second, he says:
« From the best information I am able to obtain, and
what Ideem as authentic as any, I do not believe that our
advance to the Rio Grande will be resisted
I repeat, then, there was no danger of invasion,
and scarcely an expectation of resistance, to our
march, up to the left bank of the Del Norte.
The President's claim to the territory in the val-
ley of the Del Norte is equally fallacious, and his -
I method of proving it is deceptive, absurd, and, ;
j upon examination, appears ridiculous. He places
it upon the ground that the Congress of Texas, in |
December, 1836, declared the Rio Grande to be :
1 the boundary of the republic of Texas; thatTexas j
: exercised jurisdiction " beyond" the Nueces; and ;
i that the country between the two rivers had been i
represented in the Texan Congress; and that our i
Government had recognised the territory " be-
yond" the Nueces as belonging to the United ;
States, by including it within our revenue system. ;
This claim has been often refuted on this floor. It .
is so destitute of truth, and has been so frequently i
answered, that I shall not dwell upon it. The
established facts are these: The original provinces i
,j of Texas did not extend west of the Nueces. The 1
' < most westerly possession of revolutionary Texas
I: was at Corpus Christi, on the west side of the |
' Nueces, and in its valley. Mexico always main-
i tained possession of the valley of the Rio Grande,
1 and of all the country west of the Desert. In this
! valley there was no one living who took part in
! the Texas revolution; nor did the revolution em-
1 brace any territory west of the Desert.; The Mex-
• ican custom-house was at Brazos Santiago, east of
i the Rio Grande. Thus, it will be seen, that if, by
revolution, Texas extended west of the Nueces,
still it did not extend west of the Desert, or to the
Rio Grande; and that Texas had no right to this
river as a boundary, except the right given by her
own act of Congress, without the consent of Mex-
ico, the validity of which is disputed by every man
of honor and intelligence. To show how baseless
is the President's claim to the Rio Grande, I will 
venture to refer to two passages in the correspond-
ency of Major Donelson, who was intrusted by
Mr. Tyler with the negotiations between this Gov-
ernment and Texas, growing out of the resolution
of annexation, which I have not observed to have
been previously referred to. Under date of July
11, 1845, writing to Mr. Buchanan, he j
"You will observe, that" in my correspondence with this
Government there has been no discussion of the question of
limits between Texas and Mexico. The joint resolution of
Congress left tiie question an open one, and the preliminary
proposition made by this Government, under the auspices of
the British and French Governments, leftthc question in the
same stated
He then proceeds to state the clown of Texas to
the Rio Grande, and remarks:
"The question was whether, under the Constitution, we
should take a position to make war for this claim, in the face
of an acknowledgment on the part of this Government (Tex-
as) that it could be settled by negotiation. I at once deci-
ded that we should take no such position, but should regard
only as v.ithin the limits of our protection that portion of ter-
ritory actually possessed by Texas, and which she did not
consider subject to negotiation"
On the 28th of June, 1845, in a letter addressed
to General Taylor, Mr. Donelson holds this lan-
guage:
" Coipus Christi is said to be as healthy as Pens-acola, a
convenient place for supplies, and is the most western .point
noiv occupied by Texas."
These extracts might be increased, but they are
sufficient to show that Texas had no possession
west of Corpus Christi in the valley of the Nueces;
that the claim of Texas beyond thatand to the Rio
Grande was at least uncertain, and had been mat-
ter of negotiation between Texas and Mexico; and
that Mr. Donelson was unwilling to hazard war by
attempting the protection of this territory, which
had never been in the actual possession of Texas.
And yet the President has made war under the
false pretext that this disputed territory belonged
to the United States.
It is equally untrue that Mexico refused the
offer of a peaceful adjustment of difficulties, which
is the third and last reason given by the Executive
for invading her soil. After the passage of the
Texas annexation resolutions, Mexico recalled her
minister, before then residing here. She never
did agree, after that event, to rcceive an envoy;
but she did agree to receive a commissioner with
full powers, specially authorized to settle the dis-
pute growing out of annexation; and she contin-
ued, to the last, to repeat this offer, and to urge its
acceptance upon the part of this Government.
Had this offer been accepted, I think I hazard but
little in saying that the two Governments would
this day have been at peace. On the 12th.of March
last, in answer to Mr. Slidell, the Mexican Minis-
ter renewed this offer to receive a commissioner.
He says:
" If good faith presides, as is to be supposed, over the dis-
position of the Government of the United States, what mo-
tive could exist for so anxiously repelling the indispensable
restriction with which Mexico has acceded to the proposal
bponuujcously made by the former ? If it was really and
positively desired to tie up again the bonds of good under-
standing and friendship between the two nations, the way
j was easu. The Mexican Government offered to admit the
plenipotentiary, clothed with special power*, to treat upon the
, Texas question.5)
! Here is proof that Mexico did not violate her
plighted faith, and refuse the offer of a peaceful
adjustment of our difficulties.
But I am not satisfied with showing the maccu-
racy of this part of the President s justification. I
i! desire here to ask, why the President refused to
'' send a commissioner with special powers to treat
of Texas > If he desired peace, why not make an
11 effort to obtain it > Would it have been dishonor-
I! able for this Government, after having taken to
■ herself the province of Texas, and while the
'• boundary of that province was m dispute, and ad-
11 mitted to be uncertain by our resolutions of annex-
i! atmn; and while Mexico was refusing, during this
'J difficulty, to send to, or receive irom, the Govera-
1 ment an envoy; would it, I ask, have been dis-
ii honorable in tlus Government, under these circum-
