280
APPENDIX TO THE'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 2,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr, Delano.
Ho. of Reps.
stances, to have sent to Mexieo a special agent to
settle this dispute ?
If an earnest desire for peace had guided the
councils, and animated the bosom of the Executive,
I think the offer of Mexico would have been ac-
cepted, and the blood of Palo Alto, and of Resaca
de la Palma, and Monterey, would have been
It should never escape the recollection of the
American people, that during the occurrence of the
events to which I am now alluding, Congress was
in session. The President could have consulted
Congress; and why did he not? Why did not the
President inform the people's representatives that
Mexico refused to receive an Envoy to reside near
that Gd^'ernment; and that she was willing to re-
ceive a Commissioner ? At best it was a mere
ceremonial dispute—a difference about names, not
about things. For all practical purposes, a Com-
missioner would have been as servicable to us as
an Envoy; and through his instrumentality the
Texas question, and the boundary of Texas, might
have been, and doubtless would have been, amica-
bly and satisfactorily adjusted. Thus peace would
have been preserved, and the way opened for full
and friendly diplomatic relations between this Gov-
ernment and our sister Republic.
Had Congress been consulted upon this subject,
is there any doubt as to the advice the President
would have received? None in the world. War
would not have been declared; but the President
would have been directed to waive the point of
national etiquette, to respect the feelings of our
weaker neighbor, exasperated and imbittered as
they, had been by the loss of one of her Depart-
ments, and we should have sent, what Mexico
offered to receive, a Commissioner.
The President's hypocritical appeal to Congress
for advice in regard to Oregon was a self-furnished
example for consulting the same body in regaul to
Mexico. He knew, however, that the opinion of
Congress would not promote his purposes; and
deeming his adversary impotent, and easily sub-
dued, he resolved that the success of a wicked
Executive war of invasion upon Mexico should
retrieve the dishonor resulting from a cowardly
surrender of our " clear and indisputable title to
the whole of Oregon."
This inquiry, sir, brings me to consider the ob-
jects of this war, winch I believe was begun, and is
prnseetUcd, for conquest. The Executive was de-
termined, even at the hazard of war, to compel
Mexico, in her weak and districted condition, to
yield to us her territory, at least as far west as the
Rio Grande. The army of this Government,
therefore, did not advance, under the order of Jan-
uary 13th, for the purpose of repelling invasion,
but in order to coerce Mexico to yield to the de-
mands of the X'lesident. For proof of this asser-
tion I beg leave to refer to General Taylor's letter
to the Secretary of War, dated October 4th, 1845,
which must have reached the Department prior to
the order of the 13th of January, lti46. General
Taylor says :
" It is with cat deference that f m-ike any suggestion on
topic*, which may become mattei of delicate negotiation;
but if our Govei tunent, m settling the question of boundary,
makes the liio Grange the ultimatum, I cannot doubt thai tin1
settlement will be greatly facilitated and hastened bv our
faking po->se>&iori at once of one or two .-uitable points, on
or quite war thatrivei. Our strength and state oi prepara-
tion r-hould be displayed hi a manner not to he mistaken.
« However salutary rna> be the effect produced upon the
border people by out presence here, wo art; too far from the
frontier to impress Mexico with our leadmets to vindicate,
by force of arms, if necessary, our title to the eoimtry us far
as the Rio Grande. Mexieo having a-- yet made no declara-
tion of war, nor committed any overt net oj hoUihhes. i do not
feel at liberty under my n^tni^tionc, particulaily tbos-p of
July 8, to make a forward movement to the Rio Giande
without authority from the War Depai tment.-"
Upon the receipt of this information, the army
is ordered to advance, and wherefore? Because
the President had resolved to make the Rio Grande
the "ultimatum." Because, to gain this end, about
which he was then seeking- negotiation, it was
deemed necessary to " display" our "strength" in
a manner "not to be mistaken." Because, at
Corpus Chnsti we were too far from the frontier to
''impress Mexico"' with our readiness to vindicate,
by "force of arms" our title to the Rio Grande,
therefore, in order to " hasten" and "facilitate"
this " delicate" boundary negotiation, General
l ayior was ordered to advance and take forcible
possession of one or two suitable points on the
Rio Grande. Here,are the reasons and the pur-
poses of the order of January 13, 1846.
But I have further proof of this pxtrpose of con-
quest. The Secretary of the Navy, in his instruc-
tions to Commodore Sloat, dated May 15-, 1846,
holds the following- language:
"You will, as opportunity offers, conciliate the confidence
of the people of California, and also in Sonora, towards the
Government of the United States. It is important that you
should hold possession of at least San Francisco, even while
you encourage the people to neutrality, self-government,
and friendship."
Again, on the 8th of June, writing to the same
officer, the Secretary says:
"You will encourage the people of that region to enter
into relations of amity with our countiy. * * You will
take such measures as will make that vast region a desirable
place of residence for emigrants from our soil."
Again, on the 12th of July, he writes:
"The object of the United States lias reference to ultimate
peace with Mexico, and if at that peace the basis of the
uti possidetis shall be established, the Government expects,
thiou^h your forces, to be found in possession of Upper Qali-
forma.,}
On the 3d of June, 1846, the Secretary of War,
in his instructions to Colonel Kearny, holds the
following language:
" It has been decided by the President to be of the greatest
importance, in tile pending war with MoSico, to take die
earlie-t postosuon of Upper California." a * * *
" Should you conquer and take possession of New Mexico
and Upper California, you will e&tublish temporary civil gov-
ernments therein. * h You may a >ure the people of these
piovineps that it is the wish and design of the United States
to provide for them a free Government, with th<> least possi-
ble delay, similar to that which exists in our territories."
This purpose of conquest is manifest everywhere
in the conduct of this war. The officers in com-
mand so understood it. Commodore Stockton, in
his despatch (o the Secretary of the Navy, dated
August 28, 1846, describes his operations in the
following pompous manner:
" Tim-, in les-1 than a month after I assumed the command
of the United States forces in California, we have chafed
the Mcxican army more than thiee hundred miles, along the
coast, loutcd and dispelled them, and secuied, the territory
to the United States; ended the uaryrestoied peace and har-
mony among the people, and pat a civil goternment into suc-
cessful operation
Here is a rapid conquest of peace, according to
the report of this military legislator.
Commodore Sloat, fully impressed with the same
mission and duty of conquest and annexation, pro-
claims to the inhabitants of California that "hence-
forward" that country 11 will be a portion of the
, United States;" and that the same protection will
J be extended to the people " as to any other State in
j the Union." In his general order to his men, dated
! July 7, 1846, he says: u It is not only our duty to
i take California, hit to preserve it afterwards, as part
I of the United States, at all hazards
1 I have alluded somewhat at length to the official
correspondence of the country, for the purpose of
furnishing clear and satisfactory evidence that this
war was commenced for the purpose of conquest.
It seems to be admitted now, on all sides, that we
arc prosecutingit for that end, and only for that end.
The Executive himself admits that such will be
the result of its continuance. In his annual mes-
sage of December last, he says:
"The war has not been waged with a view to conquest,
but, having been commenced, it has been carried into the
enemy's country, and will be vigorously piosecuted there,
with a view to obtain an honoiable ptace, and thereby se-
cure ample indemnity for the expenses of the war," &.c.
In alluding- to the conquests made by our mili-
tary and naval officers, the message adds:
" Jt may be proper to provide for the security of these im-
portant conquests by making an adequate appropriation for
the purpose of erecting fortifications, and defraying the ex-
pense* necessarily incidental to the maintenance of our pos-
sesions and authority over them
It is a well-known fact, that Mexico has no
money with which to pay the expenses of the war,
; and the President must, therefore, mean that she
i shall make the required indemnity *by giving us
t territory—some of her provinces; and therefore
: we had better be fortifying those provinces now,
1 before the war is ended, in order that we may main-
| tain our authority and possession.
i Those who have watched with interest the com-
i mencement and progress of this war, with a view
j to ascertain its covert objects, have seen this pur-
\ pose of conquest gradually unmasking itself in the
j conduct of the Executive. But in the Government
organ this purpose has been most clearly displayed,
from day to day, in the form of communications
and editorials, all of which would be unworthy of
notice, were it not that they are semi-official, and
therefore speak the design of the Administration.
As a sample of these writings, I will refer to the
following, taken from a letter dated Tampico, De-
cember 28,1846, and published in a recent number
of the Executive journal:
"The people tremble at the idea of the return of Mexican
power here, and it is only when they perceive that the Gov-
ernment of the United States has tirmly established its do-
minion over their territory, that they will venture to breathe
their real feeling?.
"This the Government at Washington should do atonee ;
declare that the territory occupied by the American troops
belongs to the American nation, and implant—inasmuch as
it can safely be done for the present—the laws and institu-
tions of the United States, and so prepare the Mexican pop-
ulation to become American citizens. Js ltnotin the human
destiny, that at some future peuod Mexico will be invaded
by the Anglo-Saxon race? Why, then, since a proper con-
juncture offer*, not avail ourselves of it, and anticipate the
work of posteiity, sparing farther bloodshed and heavy ex-
pendituies, to attain an object which is just at the point of
their bayonets ? Now that the war lias been pushed s-o lar,
the Sierra Madre should be the limits of the two republics—
Tampico, m the Gulf of Mexico, Mazatian, on the Pacific,
must be the bulwarks of American dominion. Let the rest
of the country belong to Mexico. Let its Government be
ever so obstinate—let it be ever so vain or boasting, it must
call for peace, deprived of its richest provinces, and of all
pecuniary resource; but let it be at once curtailed of the
northern part of the country, a? far as the line we have just
described, and let that pan be from this very moment an
integral one of the American Union."
But the friends of the President on this floor ad-
mit that the war is prosecuted for conquest. They
aver that conquest is inevitable—that it is the great
feature of the age. It seems to have been fore-
ordained, according to the opinions of certain poli-
: ticians, that this free Government should make
! war upon Mexico, cut the throats of her people,
1 rob her of her territoiy, and then, 1 suppose, cany
j slavei y upon a soil now fiee, and, if need be, make
' slaves of a people who have heretofore been free-
| men. Such is the teaching of the President, of
j his friends in this House, and of the organ of his
j Administration.
| I come now to consider the consequences of this
! war. If justice and truth do not compel us to
| pause in our career, let us see if there are no other
| reasons why we should hesitate. I ask every man
' who is willing to think, to answer to his conscience
; what are to be the consequences of its further
| prosecution. It must end in a useless waste of
! money and life, or it will end, as I have shown the
1 President intends, in conquest. If by this war we
succeed in annexing part of Mexico, we shall
I thereby stimulate a thirst for territory, which is
1 now manifesting itself in the country, and which,
like a cloud in the distant horizon, bodes a coming
; storm that may destroy the Republic. It will con-
stitute an example to some future ambitious Presi-
! dent, who may in like manner attempt to signalize
j his Administration by involving the country in
! another war of conquest.
I desire to remark here upon the power of the
; Government to obtain an inhabited territory by
! treaty, through the coercive influence of war and
| invasion. In theory and practice our Government
is predicated upon the consent of the people with.
! whom rests all power, save what is expressly dele-
| gated to the constituted authorities. When we force
1 by conquest a foreign people to join this Confede-
•• racy, and substitute our laws and institutions for
their own, we violate the great principle of consent,
which is the foundation of this republic. If by
war we conquer, and then annex by treaty, the
seeming consent is but the acquiescence of compid-
sion, not of volition. Besides, the treaty may have
only the sanction of the Government with whom
we are at war. This approbation may be given
under the conviction that it is better to part with a
portion of their country, with a single branch, than
hazard their national existence—the loss of the
entire body; and thus a surrender may be obtained
without any consent on the part of the people whom
we acquire. We cannot, in safety, pursue such a
practice. It violates the spirit of our institutions,
and establishes a precedent which it is easier to
enlarge than restrain; and which, if pursued, can-
not and will not end in good.
Again, I have never been able to find in the
Constitution a power to acquire by treaty a for-
eign country inhabited. If such power does exist,
this Government may be utterly subverted and
overthrown by its exercise. We may annex and
incorporate foreign nations ignorant of our institu-
