282
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 4,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Severance.
Ho. of Reps.
dent should be compelled thus to act; and I believe
a majority of the American people concur with
me. But the President refuses. What then is the
duty of Congress ?
I attempted in the outset of these remarks to
prove that Congress had the right to refuse sup-
plies. I think I succeeded. I then adverted to
the causes, objects, and consequences of the war.
My reflections satisfy my own mind that it can-
not produce any good result. That it is not our
. true policy to acquire territory; and if we do ob-
tain it, that we endanger the safety, if we do not
dissolve the Union. Solemnly convinced as I am
that my opinions are correct, I am not willing to
obey the mandate of the President, and give him,
without inquiry or murmur, all that he demands
in this hour of danger. I am equally unwilling to
adopt that slavish obedience to Executive dicta-
tion, which results from the construction of the
Constitution which has been adopted by the hon-
orable member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Win-
throf.] I cannot admit that the Executive and
his Cabinet are quite independent of Congress,
because he is elected for a term of years. In this
contest between the Executive and Congress, I am
for asserting the rights of the people, through their
representatives. Executive power has been steal-
ing and encroaching upon us since the commence-
ment of General Jackson's Administration, and it
must be resisted.
We are now engaged in a war, commenced by
the Executive, in violation of the Constitution; and
we are informed by one of the Pilgrim descendants,
that however dangerous may be the consequences
of its prosecution, Congress has no power to refuse
supplies; that we must wait until the period for
which the President was elected has expired; and
during all that time, if it is the President's will
that blood must flow, there is no constitutional
mode to check its effusion; none, but to wait for
the next Presidential election, when the people
can apply the " potent styptic." I cannot concur
in this opinion.
I consider this question as to the right to refuse
supplies quite as important to our liberties as tlie
war itself. It is a question of freedom or slavery
to Congress. If we cannot stay the plundering,
desolating arm of the Executive, our liberties are
but in name; we have none in fact. I will, there-
fore, refuse supplies to prosecute this war, until
we offer Mexico such terms of peace as I have
indicated. In thus refusing, I will not withhold
anything necessary to pay and protect our army
and navy now m the field. Give everything to
them which justice and their necessities require.
But nothing else. Not a farthing with which to
carry on this war of conquest. We can now leave
Mexico with honor. We have vanquished her on
every field with fearful odds against us. We are
strong, she is weak. There is no dishonor in
doing right. No disgrace in being just.
There is no glory in the continuance and prose-
cution of this war, except the glory of crime; the
glory of murder; the glory of weakening, if not of
dissolving, the bondsof the Union; the glory of
making widows; of leaving children fatherless, and
of creating a long list of pensioners, whose broken
constitutions will deserve more mercy and justice
than will ever be received at the hands of the Gov-
ernment.
I want no share in such glory. I would rather
have the honor of restoring peace—of making mil-
lions happy. It is time for us, I think, to adopt
conduct, which is approved by my conscience; and
in this I will find a consolation of -which it is  ot in
your power to deprive me.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF ME. L. SEVERANCE,
OF MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
February 4, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, Mr. Hungerford, of
New York, in the Chair, and the General Ap-
propriation Bill being under discussion—
Mr. SEVERANCE said:
Mr. Chairman: The discussion thus far on this
bill has turned altogether on the war with Mexico,
and on the mode of raising revenue to carry it on.
The friends of the Administration are divided on
the question whether duties shall be laid on tea
and coffee, as recommended by the President and
his Secretary of the Treasury. I shall take no
part in the question of finance, further than to say
that I am opposed to laying duties on tea and cof-
fee, as well as to the excise on silver plate, pro-
posed by the gentleman from Tennessee, f Andrew
Johnson.j Were I in favor of a prosecution of
the present war in Mexico, and believed it neces-
sary to sustain the credit of the country, 1 might
possibly be induced to put a tax on tea and coffee,
if the revenue from other sources was insufficient;
but these are among the last articles I would con-
sent to tax, for they are not produced in the coun-
try, and have come to be considered as necessaries
of life, and, to a great extent, are substitutes for
intoxicating drinks. Duties upon them having no
effect to encourage production hpre, and thereby
employ our labor, or, by domestic competition, to
ultimately reduce prices, are in the nature of a
capitation tax upon the free population of the
country. Now, sir, I propose to compromise the
I difficulty with our Democratic friends, by obvia-
I ting the necessity for any such unpopular taxa-
| tion. Let us lay no impost upon the tea or the
I coffee, and no excise upon the teaspoons, thus
' avoiding the domiciliary visits of the excise officer,
i so much deprecated by the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Wick,] who spoke yesterday. I
have no objection to a duty on sugar to sweeten
the tea, though I cannot consent to Mr. Secretary
Walker's recent proposition to add twenty per
cent, to the duty on sugar, while he proposes still
further to reduce the duties on other productions
of the country. I do not see anything in the na-
ture of sugar production which should entitle it to
such a preference.
Sir, 1 am one of the fourteen members of the
House who, in May last, voted against the bill
authorizing the President to call for fifty thousand
volunteers, and appropriating ten millions of dol-
lars to prosecute the war with Mexico; and I will
here enumerate fourteen reasons why I am still
opposed to prosecuting the war, and why I cannot
vote further appropriations to carry it on. These
reasons are—
1. Because the war was wrongfully and unjustly
commenced by the President, while Congress was
in session, without asking its consent.
2. Because it is a war of conquest, and was com-
menced, and is now continued, with that design.
3. Because war did not exist by the act of Mexi-
the language of Achilles, when pestilence and death r co, and did not exist legally until Congress re-
were visiting the Grecian camp— I; cognised it in May last.
« Why leave we not the fatal Trojan shore, !| 4. Because there is no other way in which I can, ;
And measure back the ?eas we ciossM before ? ! &*/ my vote, manifest my opposition to the continu
The plague destroying whom the sword would spare— I! ance of the war
'Tis time to save the few rem.ms of war." ,j 5_ Becaus6) in refu3,ng men and money to pros- j
I am aware, sir, how little influence my poor 'j ecute the war inaforeign country,I do not endanger I
opinions are entitled to in this House, or before i the safety of a single individual, or a single in- j
the country. But if this war shall progress, and |t terest, in my own country.
its miseries shall be visited upon our fellow-citi-j1 6. Because the war is a prodigal squandering of
zens, whose losses are our losses: if, in a vain at- | human life and national treasure, without any
.tempt to assert what the Administration call the ,j benefit to the country or to mankind.
dignity and honor of the nation, we are brought to 7. Because a war between the two largest repub-
the very verge, if not plunged into the abyss of j1 lies in the world is not calculated to spread the
dissolution, I shall feel that I have discharged my !; principles of civil liberty and elective government,
duty by declaring my opposition to your ruinous j| 8. Because an acquisition of territory, for the
measures, regardless of the cry of " traitor" and || purpose of establishing slavery where it has once
" tory," which I know I must meet; and, with this .: been abolished, would be turning backward ill the I
reflection, I will look to God for sanction upon my " march of civilization, and be a national calamity, I
even were the acquisition bloodless, honestly ob-
tained, and without cost.
9. Because, even if the territory acquired be
made free, aggressive war is not an approved mode
of extending the "area of freedom," or of ob-
taining respect for republican principles.
10. Because I regard as utterly absurd any at-
tempt to force a people into our Union against
their consent. *
11. Because, if we had their consent, we should
be better off without them.
12. Because the money foolishly spent in this
war by the two countries would have built a rail-
road and a line of telegraph to Oregon, and a ship
canal across the isthmus.
13. Because all war, but that which is strictly-
defensive, ought, in this age of the Christian world,
to be regarded as criminal and barbarous.
14. Because the triumphs of peace are far more
glorious and more enduring than those of the
sword.
I deny, Mr. Chairman, altogether, that war ex-
isted " by the act of Mexico" in May last. Mex-
ico had not declared war against us, nor had Con-
gress declared, war against Mexico. There had
been a hostile collision upon the Rio Grande,
unauthorized by the constitutional war-making
authorities of either country. It was the result of
an invasion of the Mexican province of Tamau-
lipas by General Taj'lor, under express orders
from the President of the United States. The
Constitution does not vest in the President the
power to make war, but in Congress; and if Con-
gress, on the 13th of May last, instead of declaring
that war existed by the act of Mexico, had re-
fused the call for fifty thousand volunteers and ten
millions of money, and had passed a resolution
directing the President to order General Taylor
back to Corpus Christi, there would have been no
war. This I then thought, and still think, it was
the duty of Congress to do. But the bill passed
in the most hurried manner, and without debate,
professedly to relieve our army then alleged to be
in peril, but in reality to enable the President to
prosecute a war of invasion and conquest, and as
such it has been continued up to this time; con-
tinued only by the acquiescence of Congress in a
most mischievous and dangerous Executive usurp-
ation; to be deprecated as much for its evil example,
its surrender of the manly independence, the right-
ful power, and the just discretion of the legislative
department of the Government, as for its imme-
diate effects upon the peace and welfare of the
country. Such collisions have happened before.
The British ship-of-war Leopard fired upon the
Chesapeake, but war did not follow as a conse-
quence; the steamboat Caroline was cut out of the
American port of Schlosser, in 1838, and burned;
one man was killed, and the British Government
justified the act; but this was not war. In 1806,
there was a warm dispute as to the western limit
of Louisiana south of Red river. We claimed to
the Sabine, and the Spaniards claimed to the Rio
Hondo. Their troops came across the Sabine to
drive off intruders between the two rivers. General
Wilkinson was sent there to protect them. Gen-
eral Herrera, Governor of New Leon, had been
ordered by the commandant general of the internal
provinces to attack the American forces if they
came across the Rio Hondo. Herrera advanced
with thirteen hundred men, and a battle would
have ensued had he not taken the- responsibility
of disobeying his orders. Like a wise man,
rather than an obedient soldier, he had a truce
with Wilkinson, and they agreed that the space
between the Rio Hondo and the Sabine should
be neutral territory, to be occupied by neither party
until the line should be settled by treaty, which
was not done till 1819. Had General Taylor or
General Arista, last April, taken the same respon-
sibility of disobeying orders, the battles on the
Rio Grande would not have been fought.
But General Taylor was not sent there to make
peace. He was sent to make war. This has been
so fully demonstrated by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hudson,] and the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] and by several others,
that I deem it needless to go into an examination
of the official correspondence of the Executive with
General Taylor, with General Kearny, Commo-
dore Conner, Commodore Sloat, Commodore
Stockton, and others. Nor need I add anything
