1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Severance.
Ho. of Reps.
to the vindication of the rights and duties of Con-
gress to control the President in making war, and
in continuing it when commenced, which was
made yesterday by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] and the day before by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Delano.J Undoubtedly, Con-
gress, so far from being bound to grant the means
of carrying on any war in which the President
may have wrongfully involved the country, has
the right, and it may be its duty, if the public
safety will allow, and the public interest will be
promoted thereby, not only to refuse supplies, but
to reduce or disband the army; and, in my opin-
ion, no harm would come from that course in the
present case. Mexico has no navy to harm us on
the ocean; and were our troops ordered back within
the rightful limits of Texas, I would, though no
soldier, undertake by contract to defend Texas
against Mexican invasion, for ten years to come,
with a single regiment, under the command of any
discreet colonel in our army. I cannot avoid the
conclusion, that this would be the cheapest, the
most bloodless, ay, and the most honorable way
of " conquering a peace." I know not what may
be the idea of those who use this very equivocal
phrase; but if they expect to reduce ihe Mexican
Government and people to abject submission, or
to obtain a treaty yielding a iarge extent of the
territory of the Mexican republic, I apprehend
that such a peace will not be very soon conquered.
"We may overrun the territories of Mexico, but no
peace will follow. The Mexican constitution pro-
hibits the alienation of any portion of her territory.
Every Mexican authority is sworn to preserve the
integrity of the national limits, and the sentiment
of nationality is as deeply impressed by pride and
patriotism in every Mexican heart as upon ours.
Hence Mexico, under all her changes of adminis-
tration, has inflexibly refused to acknowledge the
unqualified independence of Texas, though all
hopes of reconquering it must have been given up
years ago. "We shall, therefore, not "conquer a
peace" by merely defeating fier armies. Old Spain
marched her victorious legions from one end of
Mexico to the other, for ten years, defeating the
Patriot forces with great slaughter, and putting
their chiefs to death. But it was of no avail. The
murder of one Patriot chieftain only gave place to
another. The defeat of one army was the signal for
a new rally, until the forces of Spain were finally
expelled from Mexico. The longer we continue
the war the more implacable will be the hatred of
the Mexican people towards us, and the larger the
force necessary to maintain our conquests. We
are told that Mexico must pay the expenses of the
war, and have been flattered with the idea that
portions of the Mexican people wfiuld join our
standard, wherever it might appear. The instruc-
tions of the Secretaries of the Navy and of War
to our commanders indicate this expectation; but,
thus far, it certainly has not been realized. The
contending factions of Mexico all unite to oppose
us as a common enemy, and we shall probably not
hold a foot of their territory by any other tenure
than military force. The policy of the British
East India Company, which seems to be the model
of our Executive, lias been to interfere in the quar-
rels of rival native princes, taking sides with the
weaker, and t.ien requiring the defeated to pay the
expenses of the war in lacs of rupees and cessions
of territory. In this Mexican war^ I apprehend
we shall get neither gold, nor treaties, nor allies,
among the Aztec and Spanish races; and, if we
continue to retain and hold any of their territory
by force, they will be the almost unpeopled and
remote northern provinces, four-fifths of the extent
of which are barren and nearly uninhabitable,
being without wood or water. Upper California,
though for a great part of the year without rain,
is comparatively fertile, and with a fine climate;
but we need no war to acquire that. Such is the
current of emigration across the mountains to that
region—so remote is it from the seat of Mexican
population—so intimate its connexion with Oregon
—it jvill require more effort to keep it out of the
Union than to bring it in, and we might well and
safely leave it to the inevitable course of events.
Great Britain might possibly desire it, were there
not already a rapidly increasing American popula
tion there, of the most impulsive character, such
as her Britannic Majesty would never undertake
the task of governing. Besides, it is a fixed prin-
ciple with the Mexicans not to cede their territory
to any Power whatever. No Administration
which should do it could hold power long enough
to make the transfer.
The proposal, then, to "conquer a peace," by
a more vigorous prosecution of the war, looks to
sanguinary results, a fearful destruction of human
life, and a prodigal expenditure of money, heavy
taxation, and national debt; it is the conquest of
peace by the bloody demon of war. Already
"Sweet peace spteads her wings and flies weeping away;"
And in her place we see
" Moloch, horrid king, besmeared with blood
Ofliuman sacrifice and parents' tears,"
riding triumphant over the mangled carcasses of
men, amid the smoke of battle, leaving pestilence,
death, and desolation in his train. I do not be-
lieve this is the way to obtain peace. It is the
common pretext on which the earth has been
drenched in human gore, from time immemorial.
And now, what is the pretext on which the war
was commenced, and is now defended ? The Presi-
dent last May told us that he had tried to preserve
peace, but that Mexico had invaded our soil, and
shed the blood of American citizens. This would
be good justification for armed resistance if it were
true; but, as if he was conscious thatit was not true,
and aware that the world would not believe him,
he, in his annual message in December last, labored
at great length, with all his ingenuity, to set forth,
in the strongest possible light, and magnify far be-
yond the bounds of truth, the injuries received by
divers of our citizens in theircommercial intercourse
with Mexico, declaring that they constituted suffi-
cient cause of war. Why all the parade of these old
claims unless to excuse him for commencing the
war ? If they were cause of war, it was not for him
to make it, but for Congress. But they were not,
under the circumstances. We have had similar
claims, to a much larger amount, and longer stand-
ing, against all the commercial powers of Europe,
and we never resorted to war to obtain them. With
England they constituted a part, and not the chief,
of the causes of war. By peaceable means we
have recovered indemnities for spoliations front
France, Spam, Holland, and Denmark; but from
England, the greatest spoliator on our commerce,
with whom we waged war, we recovered nothing;
but, on the contrary, incurred a national debt which
it took us twenty years to pay. Whatever we may
think of the policy of that or any other war, it cer-
tainly affords no example of successful redress of
commercial spoliations. That war, however, was
unlike thi£ There wasnothingcowardlyorungen-
erous about it. It was not a quarrel with a weaker
neighbor to despoil him of territory, and )t required
all our united energies to meet such an adversary,
whose fleets were upon our coasts, and whose ar-
mies weie on our frontier. Once in it, our hardest
blows were required for self-defence. Not so this
war. Stopping the supplies merely stops the war,
and that is all. Mexico still claims Texas, but
has not the remotest idea of fighting us for it. She
is fighting for the defence of her own provinces,
which are no part of Texas. Mexico had made
a treaty with us in 1839, in virtue of which, com-
missioners on the part of both governments held
their sessions in this city nearly two years for the
purpose of adjudicating all these claims for Mexi-
can spoliations. In all cases on which they dif-
fered the King of Prussia was to appoint an um-
pire. He appointed Baron Roenne, his minister at
Washington, and the amount of a little more than
two millions of dollars was awarded. By subsequent
agreement this was to be paid in twenty instal-
ments quarterly, commencing in April, 1843, up to
which time the interest was paid. Mexico paid
the first three instalments, one or two of them by
forced loans, a process which would never be sub-
mitted to in this country, either to pay a foreign
debt, or any other purpose; and she holds the le-
ceiptof our accredited agent for the fourth and fifth j
instalments. When the President, in the summer '
of 1845, issued his secret orders to the command- ;
era of our squadrons, and apprized General Taylor !
that his ultimate destination was on the Rio Grande, j
Mexico held our receipts for five of the eight or j
nine instalments which had accrued. Yes, sir, |
there were only three or four instalments due at \
that time—nothing like the present expenses of 1
our army for a single week; and now the Presi- |
dent would have us believe he usuiped the power 1
of making war to compel Mexico to be more punc-
tual in paying her acknowledged debts. He bat-
ters down her towns, and murders her people, be-
cause her crazy Government, with no money in
the treasury, has not been punctual in meeting her
national engagements. Taking into consideration
all the circumstances, the delinquencies of many
of the States of this Union, infinitely- better able
to pay than Mexico; looking to the fact that the
Mexican Minister had left Washington, protesting
against the annexation of Texas as an act of ag-
gressive insult—stripping her by insidious means
of one of her most valuable provinces, I think
there is nothing very extiaordinaiy in her neglect
to pay the instalments due, since we took from
her, by emigration and annexation, a province for
which we had in vain offered her five millions of
dollars. Such a pretext for war is utterly prepos-
terous; it is evidently an afterthought, thrown in
with abundance of small cunning, to justify a fore-
gone conclusion. It will deceive none out of the
country, and none but the most superficial in it;
while it derogates painfully from our national char-
acter for justice, honor, and magnanimity.
Mr. Polk, in his message, lays great stress on
the threat of Geneial Jackson, just before he went
out of office in 1S37, of war or reprisals against
Mexico on account of these claims. If he had
stated the true cause of this hostile attitude at that
time, it would be better understood. Mexico, then,
wholly discarding Santa Ana's promise of a treaty
acknowledging the independence of Texas, was
preparinganotner expedition to suppress the revolt,
and the threat of war by the United States was
designed to intimidate Mexico, and bring her to
terms with Texas; for the annexation of Texas
was never lost sight of by General Jackson from
the time that General Sam Houston left this city
in 1830, till the act was finally accomplished.
These claims for spoliation have always been little
more than convenient coin in the acquisition—first
of Spanish, and then of Mexican territory. And
it must be added, that we did not preserve our
neutrality between Mexico and Texas with so good
faith as we did between Spain and the Mexican
revolutionists.
The President says the war was not waged for
the purpose of conquest, but to " secure an honor-
able peace." Why, sir, we had peace before he
broke it; we have ever since been waging war in
Mexico, and if it. was not for conquest, and is not
now, then I can scarcely conceive of a more insane
or foolish, or a more criminal war. The crusade
preached by Peter the Hermit, and Walter the
Moneyless, to drive the Saracens from the Holy
Land, was worldly wisdom in comparison with it.
Will Mexico, after doubling her national debt in
fighting our armies, be in any better condition to
pay the remaining instalments, or be any better
neighbor than before? The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Wick] expressed his apprehension that
the war might "fizzle out." Possibly he may
have referred to the suggestion of the "Union"
newspaper the other day, that if we did not " revel
in the halls of the Montexumas," we might at
least get the privilege of making a ship canal across
the isthmus of Tehuantepec. If that is the idea,
I think the sooner we " fizile out" the better, for
we shall have the less to pay for our folly; and,
as for the credit or fame we shall get in this war
upon a weaker republican neighbor, I estimate it
very lightly, and I fear the woild will make out a
large balance against us. The suggestion, as to
the canal, in the "Organ," is the first I have seen
in that quarter having the remotest idea of utility.
Sir, I cannot believe any gentleman on this floor
will declare, that he is in favor of prosecuting the
war, and yet opposed to an acquisition of territory
as the result or object of the war. The prosecu-
tion of it looks to conquest, and nothing else. The
instalments of the indemnity now due are as but
dust in the balance.
The next question which naturally arises is, how
much territory do we intend to take from Mexico;
and what shall we do with it when we get it ? For
myself, I would never have it recorded in history,
tiiat we took an inch of territory from Mexico by
force. But if we do get it, what then ? The dis-
posal of it may involve a more dangerous war than
this with Mexico, unless we settle the matter be-
forehand. It will not do to suppress it now, and
afterwards raise the question: " Who's the dupe?"
