684
APPENDIX-TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 4,
29th Cong.....2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Severance.
Ho. of Reps.
I wish to deceive no one, nor to be deceived. I
concur most heartily with my colleague [Mr.
Hamlin] in one thing: However we, or our con-
stituents, may have differed as to the annexation
of Texas, or may now differ as to the acquisition of
more territory by conquest, we agree, and I hesi-
tate not to declare, that nineteen-twentieths of the
people of the northern States agree, that if new
territory be added to the Union in any quarter, it
must come in as free territory. This will be made
the most prominent article in. the political faith of
every man who aspires to a seat on this floor. The
candidate of either party, who is doubted on this
point, will be defeated. And there is good reason
"why it should be so. The patriots of the Revolu-
tion never contemplated the extension of slavery.
Hence they early adopted the ordinance of 1787,
excluding it from the territories beyond the Ohio.
At that time, slavery existed by the laws of every
State in the Union except Massachusetts. The
blighting influences of slavery upon the population
and progress of each State, m arts, manufactures,
and agriculture, as well as its inconsistency with
the principles of the Declaration of Independence,
were then understood and fully acknowledged by
Washington, Jefferson, Franklin, and their com-
patriots. They, too, did not look to the acquisi-
tion of foreign territory, and made no provision for
it when the Constitution was adopted. If none had
been acquired, the [Jnion would now have consist-
ed of the free States of Maine, New Hampshire,
Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecti-
cut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and Wisconsin—14
States with Si8 Senators.
The slavehoklnig-States would have been Dela-
ware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Suutli
Carolina, Georgia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Mis-
sissippi, and Alabama—10 Suites with 20 Sena-
tors.
The acquisition of Louisiana and Florida have
already brought with them- the slave States of
Louisiana, Missouri, Arkansas, and Florida, and
the free State of Iowa; and the acquisition of
Texas, brought in, in utter perversion of a clause
of the Constitution, in a manner and for purposes
in the highest degiee objectionable, has brought
with it, we know not yet what besides the war
with Mexico, and a lust of furiher conquest, like
that of'the hungry tiger who has tasted blood.
The admission of the State of Louisiana into the
Union in 1812, did not bring up the slave question
with much force, because slavery existed in it
under France and Spain; hut the admission of
Missouri in 1820, ilk7 convulse the Union to its
centre. That agitation resulted m what is called
the Missouri compromise, between a few of the
North, uniting with the whole of the South, on an
undeistanding, that the piinciplcs of the ordinance
of 1787 should be applied to all the territory em-
braced in the Louisiana purchase north of the line
of 36° 30', except the Stale of Missouri, which is
bounded on the smith by that line. This compro- j
raise lias thus far been carried out. It did not !l
apply to Texas, because Texas was then a Spanish ';
province. It is now proposed in the House to i1
extend that line to the Pacific; and the House, by
a majority of thirty-one against the motion of Mr.
Burt, of South Carolina, has decided against the
propos'uioii. The extension of that line of latitude ■
is not what it seems to be—it is not the principle of i
the Missouri compromise. That principle looked !:
to a division of territory—to an equality of pohti- i
eal interests and influence between free and slave
States. It looked, moreover, somewhat to the !'
adaptation of climate to free and slave labor. The '!
proposed extension of the line would run counter '!
to all these considerations. It would give every- I
thing to slavery, and nothing to freedom. For'
myself,d am free to say, I am opposed to ail com- 1
promises on the subject. I do not admit that lib- jl
eity and slavciy have equal rights, and are equally ]i
entitled to piotection and favoi; nor do 1 admit !l
that any climate can make slavery justifiable; but ii
if we must have a compromise line,' let it be drawn •'
with some regard to the fitness of things, and the 'i
rights of parties. Such is the configuration of the l|
continent, that after crossing the Bravo on the line I
of 36° 30', just below Santa Fe, and reaching; the jj
foot of the Sierre Madre, there would be no pro- !
priety in going any farther west. We should •
rather adopt a line running in a southeasterly direc- jj
tion along the eastern declivities of the table lands,
at an elevation of three or four thousand feet from
the sea, passing below Xalapa, and thence down
to Tabasco. This elevation would generally be
not more than forty or fifty miles from the Gulf
coast. In this region, the climate depends more
on altitude than latitude. The table lands of Mexi-
co are as well adapted to free labor as New York
or Pennsylvania. We have hotter weather in
Maine in June, July, and August, by twenty de-
grees, than they do upon the elevated plains of
Mexico, though much colder in winter. The cli-
mate in these regions is perfectly salubrious, though
much of the land is barren, and without wood or
water. To show the character of the climate, and
topography of Mexico, I quote from Make Brun.
He
" Casting a general glancc over the whole surface of Mexi-
co, we find that two-thirds of it are situated under the tem-
perate, and the remaining third under the tornd zone. The
first p<irt comprehends a surface of 82,000 square leagues.
It includes the provincial internas; not only those that are
subject to the immediate administration of the Viceroy of
Mexico—such as the new kingdom of Leon and the province
or New St. Andero—but also those governed by their own
general commandant—lor instance, the intpndeneies of Du-
rango andSonora,and the p'rovmces of Coahuila,Texas,and
New Mexico. *>■•*****.**
" More than three-fifths of the 30,000 square leagues, sit-
uated under the torrid zone, enjoy a cold or moderate tem-
perature, rather than a burning heat. The whole interior of
the Vico Royalty of New Mexico, especially the interior of
the country comprised under the ancient denominations of
Analiuac and Michoacan, and, in all piobahility, even the
whole of New .Biscay, form one immense elevated plateau,
from 6,50(1 to 8,200 feet above the level of the neighboring
se-n; while, on the contrary, in Europe, those elevated land*
that piepent the appearance of plains, such as the plateaus
of Auvergue, Switzerland, and Spain, never rise higher than
fmm 1,30m to 2,600 feet above the ocean."—Malte JJrun, r>.
>261, vol. 3.
Malte Brun, in 1825, estimated the Mexican
population at 8,000,000, including Yucatan. Ta-
king the estimates of Humboldt for 1803, of the
population at that time at 5,837,100, Malte Brun
says :
" These nine intendeneies, situated under the torrid zone,
contain <i population of 5,160,000 souls, dispersed over a sur-
face ol 3u,500  -<|uai*' leagues, or 141 inhabitants to a square
league. Hut four-fifths of this population are concentrated
upon the ridge of the Coidilieras, or on plateaus, the eleva-
tion ol which above the sea equals in height the pass ot
JYtountCenis."
The important fact should not be overlooked,
that, in 1803, more than four-fifths of the popula-
tion of Mexico, within the tond zone, were on the
I elevated table-lands, where the climate is cool, tem-
! perate.and salubrious.
| Texas is comparatively low and level, rising very
J gradually from the coast. But beyond the Rio
; Grande the table-lands extend at an elevation of
I 5,000 to 8,000 feet as far north as 36° 30'; so that,
j taking the whole region from latitude 18 to latitude
I 4a north, and between the Rio Grande and the Gulf i
; of California, more than four-fifths of the habitable j
! lambs have a cool or temperate climate, perfectly !
i congenial to free white labor, as much so as New !'
I York or New England. j
| If we are to go on and conquer these mountain I
! regions south of 3G° 30', I trust we shall not permit
slavery to go there. The Spaniards never had any
African slaves on these table-lands; they were con-
fined to the Tierras Cahentes, or hot lands', near
the coasts, and chiefly on the eastern side. They !
aie now amalgamated to a considerable extent with !
the Indians and Creoles, and all are free. j
I come now, Mr. Chairman, to examine a few I
paragraphs of the President's message, in which I
he defends his armed occupation of the territory I
upon the Rio G.rande; the act which was the im-!
mediate cause of the war in which we are now |
engaged. It is of the utmost importance that we
should know precisely oil what ground we stand
m this controversy, that we may judge correctly
what terms we ought to demand of Mexico as the
conditions of peace. The President says:
"Texas constituted a portion oftiie ancient province of
Louisiana, cedcd to Fiance in 1803."
I deny this; but, if it were true, it would have
no just bearing in his defence, for we relinquished
our claim to it by treaty in 1819. After going on
to argue that we had a right to annex Texas, after
she had achieved her independence by her arms,
the President says:
" But there me those who. conceding all this to be true,
assume the ground that the true western boundary of Texas
13 till! Nueces, instead of the Rio Grande ; and that, there-
fore, in marching our aimy to the east branch of the latter
river, we passed the Texan line, and invaded the territory
of Mexico. Jl simple statement of facts, known to exist, will
conclusively refute such ail assumption."
And what is the " simple statement of facts,"
which is to make this so plain? Why, nothing-
more nor less than a reference to the fact that our
Government, in its controversies with Spain, in
1819, and previous, chimed to the Rio Grande. He
does not mention the fact that our Government of-
fered to take the Colorado, and finally agreed to
the Sabine, as the western boundary of Louisiana;
the Spaniards, on their side, claiming nearly up to
the Mississippi. But lie says, again:
" Texas, as ceded to the United (States by France, in 1803,
has been always claimed as extending west to the Rio Grande
Now, sir, I will endeavor to show—
1st. That Texas never was part of Louisiana.
2d. That the province of Texas never did ex-
tend to the Rio Grande.
3d. That, consequently, Texas never was ceded
by us to Spain.
We might, with the same propriety, say that
New Leon was ceded by us to Spain. But the
President says we claimed, Texas as part of Lou-
isiana. Is this evidence of title? Let us see.
Spain claimed it, too, and Mexico still claims it. It
is a poor rule that will not work both ways. We
claimed the whole Pacific coast, from the Spanish
missions at San Francisco up to the Russian set-
tlements, in virtue of the discovery of the Colum-
bia river by Captain Gray, of Boston, in 1792, and
the occupation of Astoria, in 1811. In 1803, in
virtue of the treaty negotiated in Paris by Robert
R. Livingston and James Monroe with BarbeMar-
bois, the Minister of Napoleon, then First Consul,
we obtained the French title to Louisiana, with
whatever right the French had to go over the moun-
tains. In 1819, we acquired the Spanish title to all
north of latitude forty-two. We then had a triple
claim to the northwest coast. Our title, or the
Spanish title, were either incomparably stronger
than our title to Texas; and even the French title
to include the Pacific coast in Louisiana, was bet-
ter than the title to include Texas in Louisiana,
because the Spaniards had numerous settlements
in Texas before Louisiana was ceded by France to
Spam in 1762; whereas, the country beyond the
mountains was all a wilderness, and might be
claimed by anybody. I say, after 1819, we had
united all these three claims to Oregon, and the
President declared our title to be established by
" irrefragable facts and arguments," referring to the
argument of his Secretary of State, Mr. Buchanan,
founded mainly on the Spanish title; and yet, in a
fewmonths, the President, by the advice of the Sen-
ate, gave up five degrees and forty minutes on the
coast to Great Britain, together with the great island
of Vancouver, and the free navigation of the Co-
lumbia river. Did he " cede" this great territory
to Great Britain without an equivalent, and prom-
ise her free-trade besides, or did he merely relin-
quish our triple claim ? I do not stand here to
censure him for making such a treaty, for I believe
the British claim was about as good as ours, but
to show that there is some difference between a
claim and an undisputed title.
When Louisiana was transfened to us it was
without limits; it was to be as it was when ceded
by France to Spain in 1762. After we made the
purchase of thp First Consul in 1803, our Govern-
ment opened a negotiation with Spain. Mr. Mon-
roe went from Paris to Madrid to join Mr. Pinck-
ney, and they entered into a formal correspondence
with Don Pedro Cevallos, the Spanish Minister of
State. That correspondence may be seen in the
second volume of American State Papers. Our
ministers had their claims for spoliations to urge,
and then, as ever since with Spain and Mexico, they
were made auxiliary to the acquisition of territory.
Monroe and Pinckney claimed West Florida as a
part of Louisiana, and claimed westward to the
Rio Bravo. They did as Great Britain did on our
northeastern frontier. They spread out their claim
as wide as possible, to get what they wanted by a
compromise. The Spaniards claimed that West
Florida extended to the Iberville, near the island of
New Orleans, not including it. We appealed to
France, who promptly decided that she never con-
sidered West Florida to be part of Louisiana; and
as to the western limit of Louisiana, she would say
nothing. J
The same controversy was revived in 1816 and
