1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Severance.
Ho. or Reps.
1817 between our minister at Madrid, Gr. W. Er-
ving, and Mr. Pizarro, and others, which ended in
transferring the negotiation to Washington, where
it was conducted in 1818 and 1819, first bjr Mr.
Monroe, and next, after his election as President,
by J. Q,. Adams, with Don Onis. It finally resulted
in the Florida treaty. No man could make out a
better case with such slender materials than Mr.
Adams did; and those who seek argument to estab-
lish our claim to Texas as part of Louisiana had
better examine the correspondence in the fourth
volume of Stale Papers.
But Mr. Adams declared on this floor, in 1838,
that Mr. Monroe had no confidence in the claim to
the Rio Grande. The whole question of boundary,
from the northwest coast to the Ploridas, was open
for discussion, and our Government made the best
of it. We got both Floridas, the Spanish title to
Oregon, and a valuable territory between the Rio
Hondo and the Sabine. The claim which we made
to the Rio Grande was only a diplomatic claim,
such as is frequently resorted to in territorial dis-
putes. To show how little our Government really
regarded it, I quote the act of Congress of March
26, 1804, dividing Louisiana into two territories.
It begins thus:
"Be d enacted, c., That all that portion of country ceded
by Prince to the United States, under the name of Louisi-
ana, winch lies south of the Mississippi territory, find ot an
east and west line to commence on the Mississippi river at
the 33d degree oY north latitude, and to extend ivesf to the
western boundary of said ccssi>n, shall constitute a tenitory
of the CJnited States, under the name of the terutory of Or-
leans ; the government whereof shall be organized," &c.
The act of February 20, 1811, authorizes the
inhabitants of the territory of Orleans above de-
scribed, to form a State constitution, naming the
Sabine as its western boundary. The reason why
this was not particularly defined in 1804 to be " the
extent of said cession," was because of the dispute
whether the Sabine or the Rio Hondo was the west-
ern boundary of " said cession."
The act of April 8, 1S12, admitted the State of
Louisiana into the Union with the same boundaries,
and nobody ever afterwards heard of any " terri-
tory of Orieans" west of the Sabine; showing con-
clusively that the Sabine was considered the " ex-
tent of said cession" of Louisiana.
The first of these-acts \yas signed, by President
Jefferson, the two others by James Madison, both
of whom knew something of our territorial rights.
There is no doubt a very general impression
has been made on the public mind, which few
among us have ever volunteered to correct, that
Texas was once cleaily ours, and was unwisely
ceded to Spain against the protest of its inhabitants.
This impression I have no doubt aided much in
the annexation of Texas. The President still pio-
pagates the ideaveiy assiduously; and now, for a
much worse purpose, seeks to make the impression
that Texas, so ceded by us, originally extended to
the Rio Grande. All this is entirely erroneous,
yet his avowed action upon this assumption is
what has involved us in war. It is not the defence
of Texas which has embroiled us with a neighbor-
ing republic, but the seizure of territory which never
was part of Texas. It is admitted that the territory
in dispute was never subject to Texan jurisdiction,
or took any part in its councils. It is admitted that
the expedition to Santa Fe, on the uppei waters of
the llio Grande in 1840, was a total failure. It is
admitted that the expedition to the lower waters
of the Rio Grande in 1842, called the Mier expe-
dition, met with the same fate. Both were cap-
tured, and all the men sent to the interior of Mex-
ico as prisoners. And these were the only formi-
dable attempts of Texas to establish her authority
in any part of the valley of the Rio Grande. But
the President says, some inhabitants living west
of the Nueces took part in the Texas revolution.
This is possible. A veiy few did who lived on
the west side, and in the neighborhood of Corpus
Chnsti; but ten timed as many took part whose
residence was east of the .Sabine; and I doubt not
there were more from Maine, who took part in
that revolution than there were from west of the
Nueces. Surely it does not follow that Maine be-
came included within the limits of Texas.
The President also says, the resolutions of Texas
make the Rio Grande the boundary, from its
source to its mouth; that Texas, as we "ceded it
to Spain," had the Rio Grande for its boundary;
and so with this illogical and juggling argument,
having no foundation in truth or reason, he orders
General Taylor into Tamaulipas, and General
Kearny into New Mexico, where the latter, ex-
hibiting a new feature in Democratic progress,
establishes a territorial government within what
the President had before assumed to be the limits
of the State of Texas, most of it within the limits
of the Congressional district of my friend, [Mr.
Pillsbury.] General Kearny, by authority' of
the President, gives the people of New Mexico
a constitution, very minute and elaborate in its de-
tails, and appoints all the requisite officers. Our
State Governments, withm the limits of the Gen-
eral Government, are sometimes spoken of as
wheels within a wheel; but here we have a terri-
torial government established by a Brigadier Gen-
eral within the limits of a State of the Union. I
am curious to see how so much machinery will
work. But, meantime, I must say I like General
Kearny's constitution much better, in some re-
spects, than that of Texas, and hope it will super-
sede the latter altogether, for it adopts universal
suffrage, without any distinction of color; and this
is wise; for among a Mexican population it may
be difficult to determine who is "white." The
Texas constitution, which covers the principal
part of the same territory, not only denies the right
of suffrage to all the colored races, but prohibits
emancipation by the Legislature, without the con-
sent of the owners of slaves, and guards against
any alteration of the constitution, as does that of
Florida, by requiring that no alteration shall be
made except by a' vote of two-thirds of both
Houses of the Legislature calling a convention;
then a majority of the popular vote in convention,
to be again ratified by two-thirds of both Houses
of a succcedmg Legislature. This is using the two-
thirds rule with as much effect as when it was
adopted in Baltimore in 3844, and seems to be
somewhat in conflict with certain Democratic doc-
trines proposed for the consideration of the Alge-
rines of Rhode Island.
If we push our conquests into Mexico, this ques-
tion of suffrage becomes one of no little importance.
There is no distinction in Mexico. Can we dis-
franchise the population? Is there any alternative
between absolutely enslaving them and allowing
them universal suffrage? I have not time to pur-
sue the inquiry.
I must hasten on to my proofs that the Presi-
dent is entirely wrong in his assumption that Texas
ever extended to the Rio Grande. In support of his
views, I find m the Congressional Globe a speech,
delivered at the last session of Congress by the
gentleman who represents the eastern district of
Texas m this House, [Mr. Kaufman.] Appended
to his speech is a note exhibiting the authorities
which he deems conclusive in the matter. Here
it is:
.Note attached to Mr. Kaufman's speech.
" The following extiaets from siandaid geographical works
conclusively establish this position, [that Texas extended to
the Ikl Norte,] and uuM quiet every doubt:
u < Texas is bounded S E. by the Gulf of Mexico; W and
S.W. by the Rio del Norte.5—Morse's Geographical Diction-
ary > edition 182L.
4 Texas, province of Mexico, hounded S.W. by llio
Grande del Norte.'—Brooks's Universal Gazetteer, edition
1823.
u ( Texas, claimed by Spam as part ot the internal piov-
jnco<, and bounded vve^t by the Dei Norte, &c.'~W>rccs-
ter-s Gazetteer, edition 1823.
"'Texas, province of Mexico, in the former provincial
internal, bound* d S.W. by the Rio Grande del Norte.'—
Darb\C% Gazetteer, edition 1827.
« 'Texas, province of Mexico,in the former internal prov-
inces, i*- bounded S.W. by the Rio Grande.'—DaoenpoiVs
GazeUtei, edition 1832.
" These (says Mr. Kaufman) are the de^enptions of im-
partial geographers of the boundaries of Texas anterior to
the revolution that made her lnd<.pendcnt.,,
This is not going far back for authoiilies, nor to
impartial sources. The gentleman might as well
have quoted the resolutions of Texas, or the map
of Kennedy, or the map furnished by our Engi-
neer Department to members of thu body for their
guidance—maps marked in accordance with those
resolutions, and which would have marked the
Texas boundary across to the Pacific, if the reso-
lutions had so read. The authorities here quoted,
it will be perceived at a glance, are all American
school books, or books of reference, published
since the controversy with the Spanish Minister
Don Onis, in 1818 and 1819. These descriptions
are made to conform to the claim urged by our
ministers then and previous-, but the most of these
descriptions, as they stand, are utttrly inconsistent,
being partly made up from history, and partly
from our claim, for several of them (and they are
mostly copied from each other according to date)
describe Texas as one of the provincial iniernas,
or internal provinces, which is correct; but this
precludes the idea of Texas belonging to Louisiana,
for the provincias internets was an ancient Spanish
designation never applied to Louisiana, nor were
they ever under the same civil jurisdiction as Lou-
isiana.
Our claim to Texas, as part of Louisiana, rests
chiefly on the expeditions of La Salle, the grant of
Louis XIV. to Crozat, and the map of De Lisle,
made in conformity to French claims, and a %w
other maps and descriptions derived from "thes§,
all extremely indefinite, and nearly as inaccurate
as were descriptions of Central Africa before the
explorations of Park, Denham, and Clapperton,
Caille, and Lander. Thus the map of De Lisle in-
cludes in Louisiana all the country between New
York and Pennsylvania on the east, and the Rocky
Mountains on the west. The grant to Crozat cov-
ered this vast extent. It was about as valid, though
not quite so extensive in its sweep, as the bull of
Pop'b Alexander VI., who gave to Spain all the
heathen countries she might discover wpst of the
"Azores, and to Portugal all Asia, Africa, and the
East Indies.
The French first approached the Mississippi by
the way of Canada, and made settlements at vari-
ous points on the Ohio and Wabash, but did not
go do^vn to the mouth of the great river, as the
Spanish claimed the whole coast of the Gulf of
Mexico, from Florida round to the Caribbean
sea.
In 1685, at the solicitation of La Salle, who had
previously explored the upper part of the Missis-
sippi, the French Government equipped four ves-
sels to seek the mouth of that rivec/ The result
of that expedition I will give in the language of the
Abbe Raynal, a French historian and geographer
of the highest reputation, who wrote before the
French Revolution:
"L \ Salt.k's Expedition.—(Ic immediately set out from
Fiance to piopose the di-eoveiy of the Mississippi by sea,
and the establishment of a great colony upon the feitile shores
watered by that river. He persuaded the Coui t by his elo-
quence or by his aisumcnt-, and four small vessels weie
given to hurl, with which he set sail towaids the Gulf of
Mexico. Thi-; small fleeWnissed the place of their destina-
tion, by steenng too far westward, and arrived, in the month
of Februaiy, 1665, in the Bay of St Beinatd, distant one bun-
dled leagues from the mouth of the river where it was in-
tended to enter. The irreconcilable hatred which was con-
ceived between La Salle and Beaujeau, commander of the
ship*, tendered tins error infinitely more fatal than it ought
to have been. These two haughty men, impatient of sepa-
lating from each other, resolved to land the whole embarka-
tion upon the ver> coast wheie they had been conducted iiy
chance. After tin* de^peiate raeasuie the ships went away,
and there only remained upon these unknown coasts one
hundred and seventy men, mo=st of them'very corrupt, and
all of them disple!i e*d, and not without ifwnn. They had
hut few too]-, a small cjuantitv of piovisions, and Utile am-
munition. The remainder of what was tosei ve lor the lound-
ation of the new State was swallowed up by the waves, from
the perfidy or wickedness of the officers intrusted with the
landing of them.
'•'The pioud and unshaken soul ot'La Salle was not, how-
ever, depressed bv these misfortunes. Suspecting that the
livers which dnchaiged themselves into the bay wheie he
had entered might be some of the branches of the Missis-
sippi, he spent seveial mouths in dealing up hi* doubts.
Undeceived in th'^e expectations, lie neglected the object
of lus expedition. Instead of looking foi guides among the
savages, wiio would have directed hurt to the nlnce of bis
I destination, he cim-c to ponetiat" into the inland count) ics,
! and to iiilorm lumselt of the famous mines of St. Baibe. He
was wholly taken up with this ab.-uid project, when he was
massacied'by some of lit® companion-, who were incensed
at his haughtiness and the violence of bis disposit'on.
"The death of La Halle soon occasioned the ic-t of the
company to disperse. The villain* who liad murdered
him fell by each other\* hand*. Seveial incorporated with
the natives. Many pei i-h^l by hunger and fatigue. The
neighboring Spamaids loaded >ome of these a<dvcntureis
with chain?, and they ended their days m the mine?. The
savaaes suipined the fort which had been erected, and
sacrificed everything to their fuiy. Seven men only escaped
these numeions disasters ; and these, after wandering as far
;ts the Mis^ippi, came to Canada by the Illinois country,
i These distre^es *oon made the French lose sight of a region
; which was still but little known."—Mc Raynal, pp. 198,
; }<J9, vol. v.
i in Abbe Raynal's map, vol. ii. p. 349, he marks
| the country far to the east of the Rio Grande, as
! in the kingdom of New Leon. He marks the
i point of La Salle's landing, but does not claim that
< the country ever belonged to the French; but, on
) the contrary, describes it as part of JXew Spain,
i and designates all the towns and rivers by Spanish
