286
appendix to the congressional globe.
Feb. 4,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Severance.
Ho. of Reps.
names, except the bay of St. Bernard, where La
Salle landed. In vol. v. page 217, he says:
" Though the French must have been desirous of drawing
near to Mexico, they have formed no settlements upon the
coast which lies to the west of the Mississippi. They were
undoubtedly apprehensive of offending the Spaniards, who
would not patiently have suffered them in the neighbor-
hoodJ*
Here is a distinct assertion, by the highest French
authority during the reign of Louis XVI, that the
French, while they held Louisiana, never made
any settlement on the coast west of the Mississippi.
The fact is otherwise sufficiently proved, that the
most western post of the French was Natchito-
ches, on Red river, while the Spaniards held the
post of the Adaes, only a few miles distant.
Next in order of date is Pinkerton, the highest
English authority of his time. Vol. ii, page 458,
in describing New Spain> he says:
"jBoundaries.—The provinces farther to the north are
Cinaloji, and otheis on the Gulf of California, with that larg^
f /hetsonese itself. New Mexico includes the most noithein
central settlements upon the Rio Bravo ; while, towards the
east, Louisiana and the two Floridas complete the chief
denominations. But the great divisions are, properlv, only
four. 1. Louisiana. 2. The twoFloudas. 3. New Mexico,
which contains Coaquila, NewE-niamadura, Sonota, Texas,
and New Navarre. 4. Mexico, or New Spain, which in-
cludes the other provinces, and seems to extend to the river
Heaqui, but the boundaries between old and New Mexico
do not seem to be indicated with any precision."
Pinkerton's Atlas marks the limits of Texas
very distinctly. Its western boundary follows up
the Nueces a short distance, until that river inclines
to the west, then leaving it strikes further east,
crossing the San Antonio and the Colorado. Its
northern boundary is distinctly marked far to the
south of Red river, and its eastern boundary is the
Mermentas, maiked not only east of the Sabine,
but east of another river, the 44 Carcusin," proba-
bly Calcasieu.
There is inaccuracy about the position of these
streams, and some confusion in the names, but no
unceitainty in placing the western boundary of
Louisiana a considerable distance east of the Sa-
bine, and of Texas on or east of the Nueces.
The whole of Texas is placed in Pinkerton's
map, as Humboldt placcs it, in the intendancy of
San Luis Potosi. And now 1 come to Humboldt,
that prince of geographers and travellers, who had
free admission to the royal archives at Madrid and
Mexico, and spent years m exploring the coun-
tries he describes. Humboidt says, p. 265, vol.1:
"Befoie the introduction of the new administiation of
Count Don Jose <t« Galvez, minister of the Indies, New
Spuin contained, 1. El Reyno de (the kingdom of) Mexico.
2. El R vno de Nuevo CaJicia. 3. El Nin.-vo Reyno de Le-
on. 4. La Colonia Nuevo Santander, (Tamaulipas.) 5.
La Ptovincia de Texas. 6. La Provincia de Coahuila. 7.
La Provincia do Nuevo Bi«eaya. 8. La Provincia de la So-
nota. 9. La Provinciade Nu'cvo Mexico. 10. Ambas Cal-
ifornia®, or Las Provinces de la Viejay Nuevo California."
Nothing is said here of Louisiana, which was
an entirely distinct province. Humboldt's general
map ot New Spam was made up by him in 1803,
in the Royal School of Mines, in the city of Mexi-
co, in which labor he was assisted by M. D'El-
huyar, (he director of the school, who had been 1
a long time collecting information with a view to !
such a general map. Humboldt gives a list of '
twenty-nine maps and charts, mostly Spanish, but j
ten or a dozen of them French, and one in Latin '
which he obtained at Rome. All these were cor- j
reeled by his own observations, from which he j
made, no doubt, the most accurate map of New I
Spain then existing. I
Humboldt, vol. 1, page 267, says Mexico is now !
divided into twelve intendencies; and here is one !
of them: I
c* Iritendcncia dc Sctn Luis Potosi.—It comprehends the i
province of Texas, La Colonia de Nuevo Santander, and i
Coiilniila, El Nuevo Reyno de Leon, and the districts of i
Chaicas, Altamira, Catorce, and liaymos." i
These were the divisions established in 1776. j
The pio\iiice of New Mexico, on the upper!
waters of the Del Norte, was not in this intenden- :
cy. The southern boundary of New Mexico was
latitude thirty-one.
Humb.ildt gives the population, in 1803, New
Santander, (now Tamaulipas,) 38,000, Coahuila
16,900, Texas 21,000, New Mexico 40,000.
Humboldt, vol. 2, page 230, says:
"At present the intendant of San Luis Potosi considers
the Rio Mermentas (Rio Hondo) or Mexicana, which flows
into the Gulf of Mexico to the east of the Rio de Sabina, as
the eastern limit of the province of Texas, and consequently
of his whole mtendancy."
Humboldt's map so marks the eastern limit of
the intendency of San Luis Potosi, and, like^ Pink-
erton, he includes in Texas less than one-third the
extent claimed in the Texas resolutions. Hum-
boldt's work was published at Paris, in the French
language, in 1808.
I come now to an American authority. Soon
after the acquisition of Louisiana, Mr. Jefferson
sent several detachments of the army on exploring
expeditions. Lewis and Clarke went up the Mis-
souri and over the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific.
Lieutenant Pike went, in 1805, up to the sources
of the Mississippi, and in 1806 and 1807 to the
head waters of the Arkansas, being instructed to
return down the Red river, to which stream Mr.
Jefferson thought our claim might be made good.
Pike mistook the waters of the Rio Grande for the
Red river, and followed down the stream until he
met a party of Spanish dragoons, who had been
sent to watch his motions, probably suspecting he
might be engaged in the service of Burr, whose
conspiracy then agitated the country; or, if in the
United States service, that he might intend to get
possession of the country under the Louisiana
claim. When Pike was informed that he was upon
the waters of the Bravo, he says he immediately
rolled up his flag, aware that he had compromitted
his Government by trespassing on Spanish terri-
tory. tie was conducted down to Santa Fe, where,
after a delay of some days, Governor Allencaster
sent him under escort to Chihuahua, to be further
examined and disposed of by Salcedo, the gover-
nor-general. There all his papers were examined,
but he was otherwise treated politely, and he and
his men were sent under a Spanish escort down to
San Antonio de Bexar, and thence across the coun-
try to the Sabine, where he was dismissed. After
his return he published a report of his doings, with
maps of the regions through which he passed. His
conduct was approved by the Government, and his
report became a public document. It is in the libra-
ry, and a very interesting volume it is.
On his map the boundaries of Texas on the west
correspond very nearly with those defined by the
commissioners appointed to mark the line between
Coahuila and Texas, in 1834, and come very close
to the old town of San Antonio de Bexar, and no-
where running north of Red river, nor including all
the waters of the Colorado and the Brasos, as will
be seen from his description, which we copy from
j pages 29 and 30 of his appendix to part 2d:
I " The province ot Texas lies between '27" 30' and 35° north
latitude, and 98 and 104 west longitude, boidered north by
Louisiana, [does not say it was part of Louisiana, but part
of New Spain,] east by the terntory of Orleans, west by
Cogquilla (Coahuila) and New Mtxico, and south by New
San Ander, [now Tamauhpns.] Its greatest length from
north to south may be .000 miles, and breadth from east to
west 350."
Describing its rivers, Lieutenant Pike says:
"The Red river takes it^nse m the province of Cogquilla,
(Coahmla,) in 33° nortli latitude, and 104° 30' west longi-
tude, hut, bending to the east, enters the province of Tarns;
and, after a winding course ot about 600 miles, disembogues
itself into the bay ot'St. Beruaid, in the 29th degree of noith
latitude."
Tlie river lieie described is of course not the
Red river of the Mississippi, but the Colorado,
which in Spanish is the same thing as Red river.
Here it is distinctly stated, that the Red river,
or Colorado of the Gulf of Mexico, one of the lar-
gest rivers of Texas, takes ils rise in the province
of Coahuila, and so it appears by his map.
Describing the Brasos, he says, also:
"The river Brasos takes its source in the province of
Cogquilla, (Coaliuila,) in 34° north latitude, and 105° west
longitude; enters the province of 7'exas, and discharges itself
into the Gulf of Mexico m 98° 40', after a course of 750
miles."
So, then, both these rivers take their rise in the
province of Coahuila, and enter Texas. Bear in
mind, that westward of these rivers, and between
them and the Rio del Norte, are the San Antonio,
the Guadaloupe, the Nueces, and several smaller
rivers, all falling into the Gulf of Mexico.
Now, for another river. Lieutenant Pike says:
"The Sabine river, the '/yresent limit between the Spanish
dominions and the territories of the United States, in that
quarter, takes its source m about the 33d degree of north
latitude, and enters the Gulf of Mexico in 29° 50'. It may
be 30u miles in length, by its meanders, and, at the load,
about 50 yards in width. Heie the Spamaids keep a guard
and ferry boat."
The Nueces is not distinctly marked in Pike's
map. When he crossed it, he probably took it for
a branch of the Guadaloupe or San Antonio; but
the eastern limit of New Santander, (now Tam-
aulipas,) is very distinctly and strongly marked
rather farther east than the position of the Nueces,
and where the exact line no doubt was, as deter-
mined by General Almonte, the Mexican commis-
sioner, in 1834, commencing at the head of the
Bay of Aransas.
In Pike's map of the Mississippi, Missouri, Red
river, and-Arkansas, he marks the site of the en-
campment of General Wilkinson on the eastern
side of the Sabine, and the Spanish Governor Her-
rera's cantonment a little below, on the western
side the same river, both on the road from Natchi-
toches, on Red river, to Nacogdoches, on the Rio
Toyac; and between the Sabine and the Red river
is displayed the words "neutral territory."
Is not the publication of the report, under the
sanction of the Government, conclusive that Mr.
Jefferson did not really claim Texas as a part of
Louisiana? Yet the President says, we ceded it
to Spain, and that it " always extended to the Rio
Grande."
Here follows another item of testimony. It is
Malte Brun's accountof -Yew Spain, another French
authority, published about 1825:
" According to the ancient division, still very much muse
in the country, New Spain formed—1. The kingdom of
Mexico. 2. The kingdom of New Gallicta. 3. The king-
dom of New Leon. 4. The colony of New St. Andero. 5.
The province of Texas. 6. Tile province of Coahuila. 7.
The province ol New Biscay. 8. The province of Sonoia.
9. The province of New Mexico. 10. The two Californias,
or the provinces of Old and New California."
It will be seen he follows Humboldt. In every
one of the maps and descriptions of these old ge-
ographers, the provinces of Santander, Coahuila,
i &c., come as far east as the Nueces. Malte Brun
everywhere speaks of Texas as part of Nesv Spain,
and his atlas corresponds with the maps of llay-
nal, Pinkerton, and Humboldt, except that he
adopts the treaty line of 1819.
Now, we have "a lady in the case," and our
Texas friends, who claim the largest limits, may
as well give it up. Mrs. Mary Austi/i Holley, a
relative of Stephen F. Austin, visited Texas in
1831, and wrote an account of her visit, and of the
country, deriving most of her information from
Austin. She says that Austin's map, published
by Tanner, in Philadelphia, is the most correct
then existing; and she gives in her book, page 52,
the following account of the boundaries of Texas:
" Texas, at present, forms a part ot" the State of Coahuila
and Texas, being provisionally annexed to Coahuila until
its population and resources are sufficient to form a separate
State, when its connexion with Coahuila will be dissolved.
Its latitude is from 28° to 34" north, and is hounded by Lou-
isiana on the east; by Red river, which divides it from Ar-
kansas, on the north ; bvthe Nueces river, which divides it
from Tamaulipas and Coahuila, on the west; and by the
^ Gulf of Mexico on the south."
The map in Mrs. Holley's book corresponds
I with her description. My next authority is Amer-
| lean and official. In the summer of'1836, after the
j battle of San Jacinto, and before Santa Ana had
: yet left Texas, General Jackson, then President,
1 sent Henry M. Morfit, of this city, to Texas, to
inquire into the condition of the country, with ref-
erence either to its annexation, or the acknowledg-
ment of its independence ; the former, no doubt,
being the ultimate object. Mr. Morfit's official
letters, from Texas to the Department of State,
were communicated to Congress in December fol-
lowing by President Jackson, and maybe found
in House Doc. No. 35, 2d session of 24th Con-
gress, vol. 2. In his letter of August 27,1830, Mr.
Morfit says:
"Iain informed by the Executive [of Texas] that when
the treaty with Santa Ana was under consideration, he sta-
ted that it would be better to leave that question open for
adjustmentin the city of Mexico, as the influence ot hi? par-
ty, and hi* own representations about the Texan force,
would enable him to meet the wishes of this Government on
the subject with more certainty and ease than if the bounda-
ries were abruptly fixed without such previous ariangement.
The Rio Grande was, nenerfhrlew, made the ire^tern hound-
"ry by implication, as the 3d article, of the agreement stipu-
lates that the Mexican troops should evacuate the territory
of Texas, pacing to the other bide of the Rio Grande del
Noite.
"The houndaues, as I have de&ciibed them, seem to he
those which will be insisted upon in miy future negotiation.
"The political limit® of Texas proper, previous to the la>t
revolution, were the Nueces river on the west; along the
Rfd river on the north; the Sabine on theea t; and the*Gult
of Mexico on the south."
So says the agurit of our Government, deriving
his information from the highest sources in Texast
