288
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Severance.
Ho. of Reps.
security had lulled them. They have seen themselves, by a
convention to which they were no party, literally abandoned to
the dominion of the crown of Spam,'and left a prey not only
to impositions already intolerable, but to all those exactions
which Spanish rapacity is feitile in devising.
"The citizens of Texas would have proved themselves
unworthy of the age m which they live—unworthy of their
anee^try—of the kindred republics of the American conti-
nent, could they have hesitated m this emergency what
course to pursue. Spurning the fetters of colonial vassalage,
dtsdaming to submit to the most atrocious despotism that
ever disgraced the annals of Europe, they have resolved,
under the blessing of God, to be free. By this magnanimous
resolution, to the maintenance of which their lives and for-
tunes are pledged, they secure to themselves an elective
and representative government, equallaws, and the faithful
admimstiation of justice, the right of conscience, and re-^
ligious liberty, the freedom of the pi ess, the advantages of
liberal education, and unrestrietedcommercialintercoursewith
all the world.
" Animated by a just confidence in the goodness of their
cause, and stimulated by the high object to be obtained by
the contest, they have prepared themselves unshrinkingly
to irret and firmly to sustain any conflict in which this dec-
laration may involve them.
" Done at Nacogdoches, this twenty-third day of June, in
the year of our Lord, 1819. JAMES LONG,
u President of the Supreme Council.
" Bis'le Taiun, Secretary."
I cannot suppose, Mr. Chairman, that the gen-
tleman from Texas was acquainted with the pre-
cise character of this General James Long and his
Supreme Council, who are thus passed off as the
representatives of the people of Texas. Does he
know that Long and his party of about seventy-
five men left Natchez, in Mississippi, on the 17th
June, and declared the independence of all Texas,
at Nacogdoches, on the 24th of the same month?
The oppressions of the Spanish Government could
not have operated so severely upon them as they
represent, for they could not have been in Texas
more than a day or two when they organized their
Supreme Council." They had left Natchez only
six days before, a mere band of lawless adven-
turers. I presume as large a number could be
raised at any time at Natchez lt under the hill" to
go either to Texas or Timbuctoo, or wherever ro-
mantic adventure, a danger of broken heads, or a
chance for spoils, might urge them on. Not a man
of them had any sort of title to a foot of land in
Texas, and, so far as appears, none of them had
ever been in Texas befmc; and these are the men
who so earnestly remonstrate against being ceded
to Spain without their consent. Their declaration
of independence, or pronwicuunenio, was no doubt
all prepared before they left Natchez, their Su-
preme Council might have been elected on the road.
The whole proceeding reminds me of the story told
by Governor Pope of the armed party of Tennes-
seeans he met some where on the Mississippi, go-
in^ to Texas m 1836. To his question, what they
were going to Texas for, they replied, they were
"going to fight for their rights.Long's party
weie evidently determined to fight for their rights
also, and among these rights was that of stealing
the lands of Spain.
I have taken some pains to learn the history of
this President of the Supreme Council of Texns,
and I find it exhibited in glowing colors by Gen-
eral Foote, the newly elected Senator from Mis-
sissippi, in his History of Texas and the Texans,
from which I glean the following facts :
General Long, a native of Virginia, having been
unsuccessful in various civil pursuits, undertook
to revolutioni/.e Texas, and set out from Natchez
on the 17th June, 1819, with seventy-five men,
which he is said to have increased to three hun-
dred before he got to Nacogdoches, having passed
through Natchitoches on his way.
41 In taking possession of this place, (says his
' historian, General H. S. Foote,) the first thing to
' which hediiected his attention was the establish-
ment of civil government," which he and his
party did by the erection of a supreme council of
twenty-one persons, two of whom were Mexicans,
but who never acted m the capacity given them;
the others were all from 'the States.' General
Long was chosen President. "The council met
* on the 22d June, 1819, and on the succeeding day
1 declared the province a free and independent re-
' public."
Very cool, certainly. It goes ahead of General
Kearny and Commodore Stockton. The historian
goes on: " Various laws were now created for the
' organization of the country, and the raising ofreve-
'■nws. The public domain, as a matter of course,
4 was the chief dependence for means. [Of course.]
' A bill was accordingly passed for the survey and
£ sale of lands on the Attoyac and Red rivers."
This was doing a snug little business in the way
of land speculation. Long's next movement was
to enter into an alliance with.John Lafitte, the pi-
rate, who forsome time infested the Gulf of Mexi-
co, and whose headquarters were at Galveston
Island. Thus strengthened by a naval force, there
is no knowing how much land Long would have
sold, if it had not been for the ugly Spaniards,
who, hearing of his operations, sent a force to in-
terrupt them. Most of Long's party were taken
prisoners by the Spaniards; his brother David
was killed, and he himself made a narrow escape
from his new republic, after a somewhat disturbed
reign of two or three months. After he reached
New Orleans, he went back by water to Galveston
to join his naval friend Lafitte, and get up another
expedition. While thus engaged, they heard of
the success of the revolution in Mexico under Itur-
bide, which soon extended all over Texas. Long
then went to Mexico, where he was shot in the
street by a private soldier.
It was while Long w.as at Nacogdoches, on the
23d day of June, and only six days after he had
left Natchez, in Mississippi, that his " Supreme
Council" issued his manifesto on behalf of the in-
habitants of Texas, protesting against the transfer
of the country to Spain. Not a man of them owned
a foot of land in Texas, and but very few, if any
of them, had been in the country more than a
week; yet we see this document copied from Niles's
Register, and paraded in the speeches of several
gentlemen as evidence that Texas was part of Loui-
siana, and that its inhabitants had remonstrated
against its cession to Spain. Thus vanishes into
thin air all the pretended protest of the inhabitants
of Texas against being ceded to Spain.
There were, at that time, no emigrants from the
United States beyond the Sabine, except a few
squatters in the neighborhood of Nacogdoches, and
between the main branches of the Sabine and the
Neches. The first who went into Texas; under
any authority, were Austin's colony upon the
Brassos. I find the history of this grant thus:
" The idea of forming a settlement of North Americans in
the wilderness ot Texas, it is believed, originated with Moses
Austin, of Mirfsoun, [formerly of Connecticut;] and
after the conclusion of De Orus's treaty, in 1839, efforts were
made by him to put matters in train for an application to the
Spani.sh Government in old FSpam. lit answer to his inqui-
ries a<? to the mode of laying the subject before the Span-
ish Government, he wa* advised to apply to the Spanish
autiiouties in JVmv Spain. A memoual wai accordingly
pi evented, and his application granted on the 17th January,
1821, by the Supteme Government of the Eastern Internal
Ptovmce.s of New Spain at Monterey. Authority was here-
by ffian ted to Mr. Austin to introduce three bundled families
into Texas, on teuris that were satisfactory to both parties."
—Mrs. llollcji, 'pit^r, 99.
President Polk, in his late message, says:
" Eniigumts fiom foicign countries, including the United
States, were invited by the colonization laws of the States
and of the Federal Government to settle in Texas."
So far is this from being true of Old Spain, that
it appears Austin's grant was obtained by a fraud-
ulent representation that Catholics in the United
States were oppressed. None but Catholics were
to be admitted by the terms of the grant. The
Spanish Government was always vigilant to keep
out emigration from the United States. Moses
Austin died soon after he obtained his grant. His
son, Stephen F. Austin, took up the business, and
I] pursued it with great energy. After the Revolu-
tion had been completed in Mexico, he went to
that city to get his grant confirmed, and, after en-
!| countering many difficulties, succeeded not only in
!' getting the grant to his father confirmed, but he
; subsequently obtained four separategrants on terms
| agreed upon.
| Austin, m one of his letters, says:
j; {< The authority under whicli title? to land, in this colony,
j1 have been planted, emanated orisinally from the Emperor
!' Jturbidc, under Ins decree of the 18th Fehruaiv. 1623. After
j I he was dethroned, this deciee was presented* by me to the
I j sovereign constitutional Congress ; wad by them passed over
[| to the Supierne Executive Council, by an oider bearing date
the 11th of April, of the same year; and the Supreme Exec-
j! iitive Council, by virtue of said oider and anterior decree,
confirmed the aforesaid imperial giant to me by their decrce
i1 beating date the 14th of April, 1823. The law of colomza-
:! tion, under v hieh this colony lias been settled, requires po^i-
|' tively that the" lands awaided to settleis shall be, bon-t fi<Je}
' cultivated witlnn two years from the deed made to each set-
■, tier respectively."
ji Neither the Spanish, nor their successors, the
i: Mexicans, have ever had a system like ours of
II selling public lands in small quantities to actual
settlers. Their Government grants large tracts to
men called empressarios, on certain conditions,
and they undertake to find settlers. Hence, the
lands in all Mexico are now held in vast tracts, the
Indian cultivators not generally owning ^ny lands.
Instead of emigrants being invited from the United
States, the success of Austin in obtaining a grant,
drew a swarm of land speculators from the United
States to the city of Mexico, and subsequently to
the Legislature of Coahuila and Texas, for similar
grants, the most of whom were unsuccessful at
Mexico; but the Legislature of Coahuila and Texas
granted immense tracts, and their prodigality, in
this respect, was one of the causes of the restora-
tion of the Central system, and the abolition, in
1835, of the Federal Constitution of 1824. For
the same reason the Central system was violently
denounced by those who were eager for land
grants, and was made the chief point of attack as
one of the grievances which justified revolt and
Texan independence. But the most potent cause
of the Texan revolt had been in operation since
1829, when a decree of President Guerrero, autho-
rized by the Mexican Congress, finally abolished
slavery throughout the Mexican republic. The
emigrants from the United States, who had brought
slaves with them into Texas, evaded this decree,
and never liberated their slaves, but in fact con-
tinued to import them in violation of law; a state
of things which, of course, could not long continue
while Texas remained a department of Mexico. ^
After the entire failure of Long's expedition, in
1819, the first open rebellion in Texas, of which I
find mention, was that of Major Benjamin W.
Edwards, whose brother, Haden Edwards, had,
with others, obtained from the Legislature of Coa-
huila and Texas a grant of a large tract of land
surrounding Nacogdoches. This Colonel Edwards
appears to have been a soldier of fortune, like
Long, determined to carve out an empire, or, at
least, a fortune, with his sword; and, as a means
of doing so, he and H. B. Mayo, on behalf of the
inhabitants of Texas, and Richard Fields and John
Dunn Hunter, on behalf of the Cherokee Indians
on the Red river, entered into an alliance, offensive
and defensive, against the Mexican Government.
I believe they had all been unsuccessful applicants
for grants of land; Fields and Hunter had, at least.
They declared the independence of Texas over
again, and their Declaration was quite as imposing,
and, considering the Indian alliance, much more
formidable than Long's. The second article of
their Declaration reads thus:
" 2. The contracting parties guaranty mutually, to the
extent of their power, the integrity of their respective terri-
tories, as now agreed upon and described, viz: The territory
apportioned to the Red people shall begin at the Sandy
spring, where Bradley's road leads off from the road lead-
ing from Nacogdoches to the plantation of Joseph Du«t;
from thence west by the compass, without regard to vana-
fion, to the Rio G-rundc; thence, to the head of tiie Rio
Grande; thence, to fhe mountain*, to the head of Ihg Red
river; thence, north to the boundary of the United States of
North Ametica; thence, with the same line, to the mouth
of Sulphur Fork; thence, in a right line, to the beginning.
" The tenitory apportioned to "the white people shall com -
prebend all the residue of the province of Te\as. and of
such other portions o f the united Mexican States, as the con-
tracting paities, by their mutual efforts and resources-, may
render independent; provided, the same shall not extend
farther vest than the Rio Grande," [so thexj did not consider
Texas as extending to the Rio Giande.]
3. The eonti acting parties mutually guaranty the right
of empressarios to their premium lands onlv, and the rights
of all othermdividuals aequued under the Mexican govern-
ment, and lelating or appertaining to the above described
territories, provided the said empressarios and individuals
do not forfeit the same by an opposition to the independence
of the said territories, or by withdrawing their aid and sup-
port to its accomplishment
Very liberal! Not only all who oppose this
holy alliance with the Cherokee Indians, but all .
who "withdraw their aid and support," were to
lose their title to their lands.
This solemn treaty and declaration of indepen-
dence concludes in swelling phrase, thus:
'•'7. The contracting parties mutually stipulate that they
will direct all their resources to the prosecution of their
Heaven-inspired cnine, which has given birth to thi- solemn
union, leagup, anu confedeiation, firmly reiving oh their
united effort*, and the strong arm of Heaven for success.
cc In faith whereof, the agents of the respective contacting
parties hereunto affix their names. Done in the town of
Nacogdoches, this 9i *t dav of December, in the vear of our
Lord one thousand pisht hundred and t\ventv-«ix.
(Signed   B. W. EDWARDS, RICH ARI) FfELDFL
« H. B. MAYO, JOHN D. HUNTER.
"We. the committee of Independence, and the committee
of Red People, do ratiiy the above treaty, and do pledge our-
