1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr.-Ashmun.
New Series No. 19.
selves to maintain it in good faith. Done on the day and
date above mentioned.
"MARTIN PARMER, President."
" Richard Fields, John D. Hunter, Ne-ko-lake, John
Bass**, Cuk-to-keii, Haden Edwards, W. B. Legon, Jno.
Sprow, 0. P. Thompson, Jos. A. Huber, B. W. Edwards,
H. li. Mayo."
Let no one suppose this is a mere burlesque of
the other declaration of independence in " old
time-honored Nacogdoches," in 1819. It is veri-
table history, written-fcy General Foote, the warm
friend and admirer of Edwards, and this treaty
may be found at page 254, of the first volume of
his work. The historian proceeds:
"The treaty of alliance being executed, the commission-
ers on the part of the coloni&ts laid the same forthwith be-
fore tlie colonists, and obtained their sanction to it wUhout
difficulty or delay."
Remarkable expedition. But who were the
" colonists?" No other, we presume, than Mar-
tin Parmer, and the seven men who sign their
names under his. On behalf of the Cherokees,
Hunter was a white man, and Fields a half breed.
The color of John Baggs, Ne-ko-lake, and Cuk-
to-keh, I have no means of ascertaining. That
they were all animated by the purest patriotism,
and had as good a right to speak for all Texas as ;
Long's supreme council had, is evident, for they
immediately made preparation to defend their '
"rights." They would no doubt have carried all
before them, but for some untoward accidents.
" Tile course of true love never did run smooth."
So it happened in this alliance and partition of i
empire, in which partition, by the way, I think
the Indians got a much better bargain than the
northern Democracy, when they had assigned to
them a part of Texas for free States. Considera-
ble time was lost to the Fredonians, as General
Foote calls them, in an ineffectual attempt to bring
the Kjckapoos into the alliance, the Cherokee
chiefs meanwhile remaining in Nacogdoches.
This delay proved fatal. The " colonists," .hav-
ing plenty of whiskey, abandoned themselves to
the grossest dissipation, and exhibited daily such
scenes of drunken violence that the Indians be-
came disgusted and went home, nearly all of them
refusing* to have anything friore to do with the
concern.
Edwards and his party had several skirmishes
with the Mexican authorities with various success.
He sent his proclamations to Austin's colony, on
the Brasos, but met with no cordial response.
On the contrary, Austin himself, after trying to
induce Edwards to abandon his design, summon-
ed the inhabitants to aid in putting down the re-
bellion, which they did; and, being joined by a
body of Mexican troops, soon put an end to the
sccond war of Texas independence. j
It may be well here to remark, that very few of j
the genuine and original settlers, who went from
the United States for the purpose of finding homes
in Texas, took an active part m the attempt to
separate from Mexico. That work was pushed
ahead mostly by restless adventurers, like those
who composed the several expeditions of Magee,
Long, and Edwards; or by ambitious men, who
went there expressly with a view to Texan inde-
pendence or annexation, and those who had car-
ried slaves there, and feared they could not hold
them under the Mexican government.
Mrs. Holley, the relative of Austin, in relation
to the difficulties in Texas in 1832, says:
"In order to prevent any misconstruction, it is propor
and necessary to state, that the people of Austin's colony
will mo^t decidedly oppose any attempt to separate Te\a-?
from the Mexican Ctmlederdtioii, and that thry will a.% de-
cidedly insist, by nil ju^t and constitutional means, fhut the
embai raiments in tbe way of cmigiation to fJ>\as be re-
moved, so that it may, as speedily as possible, be foimed
into a State ot the Alcxican Union, sepaiate from Coahmla,
tko river Nueces beinz the dicvlin" line. There is no doubt
that all Texas will be governed by the same leading prin-
ciple."
This shows two things: first, that in 1832, Aus-
tin regarded the Nueces as the boundary of Texas;
second, that he was not in favor of setting up the
standard of independence. The .last fact has
ceascd to be important; not so the first.
I have now a word about the claims on Mexico,
which the President, with an intensity of exag-
geration approaching the ridiculous, has magnified
into suclj a fanciful and frightful shape. Is it be-
cause of his deep solicitude for the rights of the
claimants? His veto ©f the bill for the payment
19
of much better claims due our citizens for French
spoliations, for which our Government became
responsible nearly fifty years ago, docs not look
like it. A treaty was made with Mexico in 1839,
for the adjudication of these claims, by Mr. Van
Buren. He was, I believe, the first President who
had disconnected these claims from demands for
territory. They had also been complicated with
proposals of a treaty for the restitution of fugitive
slaves. Whether the taking away of this pretext
for such demands contributed to Mr. Van Buren's
decapitation under the two-thirds rule, I cannot
say. The treaty was made, and the claims which
had looked very formidable in the aggregate were
subjected to the examination of a board, consist-
ing of William L. Marcy and John Rowan,
American Commissioners, and Pedro F. del Cas-
tillo and Joaquim Velasquez de Leon, for Mexico.
H. M. Breckenridge subsequently took the place
of Judge Rowan, and Baron Roenne, the Prussian
Minister, acted as nmpire. They were nearly two
years in session in this city. Upon examining the
report of the American Commissioners, I find the
following results:
Total amount of claims $U,S50,578 49
Mexican Commissioners agieed ? 610 40'' "6
in allowance of only J  ' 0 '
American Commissioner* allowed  3,843,311 00
Awaided by umpiie .S:l..>:fl.74.'>
Agreed bj both Commissioners... 439,393
Total allowed   2,036,138 00
I quote here a specimen of some of these claims,
as briefly noted in the tables. I know nothing of
the arguments on which they were sustained or
resisted; but I notice many of a remarkable char-
acter, and among them one on behalf of A. O. de
Santangelo for $398,690, on which the American
commissioners allowed §83,440, and the umpire
cut it down to §50,000. Santangelo was a Mexi-
can or Spaniard; published a newspaper, and kept
a school in Mexico; and in one of their revolutions
was obliged to flee, and leave his school, and aban-
don his newspaper. What other property he lost
I know not. He came to New Orleans, and then
to New York, was naturalized as an American,
and then figured up a claim for spoliations and
losses of nearly #400,000, all of which occurred
while he was a Mexican citizen. I do not under-
stand what business our commissioners had with
such a claim, and am not at all surprised that the
Mexican commissioners opposed giving him any-
thing.
American commissioners allowed to PJtoda Mc-
Crea a claim of §6,694, for a pension for a son
killed in the Mexican service. Umpire threw it
out.
Half a million or more are claims for supplies to
the revolutionary party in 1815, 1816, 1817, and
other dates, before Mexican independence was
achieved; not spoliations, but debts and balances
unpaid.
Union Land Company, $680,165, chiefly for dam-
ages sustained m being prevented by Mexican
authorities, in 1830, for completing then- title to
land in Tcxps, under a grant from Texas and Co-
ahutla. !
Trinity Land Company, similar. A modest claim
of only $2,164,604, wlijeh they might have made,
if the war with Texas had not prevented it.
Similar claim of Richard S. Coxe, trustee of
Gilbert & Thompson, for §407,227.
William J. Parrolt, for erroneous deciiionb against j
him in Mexican courts on divers contracts, $690,- I
113, while a merchant in the city of Mexico.
These are specimens. I must be brief. 1 hope |
some gentleman who may get the floor after me :
may look further info this matter. I shall only ;
have time to notice the remark of the gentleman i
from Illinois, [Robert Smith,] who advocates a '
vigorous prosecution of the war, and would not !
oidy compel Mexico to pay all the expense of it, ;
but he suggests the levying of contributions from j
the inhabitants. This idea, too, has been sug- j
gested in the "Union," and fru.n various other !
quarters. It indicates the downward or backward
tendency of civilization even to hear such a thing !
suggested m high station. Conquest is bad enough,
but robbery of private property is worse. Canni-
bals devour their prisoners; in a little higher scale
of humanity men kill without devouring, perhaps
take the scalp as a trophy; others spare and make
slaves of their captives. Then women, children,
and non-combatants are spared. After awhile the
burning of towns and sacking of cities come to be
regarded as barbarous. These refinements are
mitigations of the horrors of war—something like
ingrafting the olive upon the upas; and I had sup-
posed we had reached and passed tile point where
private property on land was held sacred, and pub-
lic property only held Subject to confiscation or
destruction. I was in hopes that the same prin-
ciple would be extended to the highway of nations.
I confess, that if 1 could have been astonished at
anything coming from that quarter, it would have
been at the recommendation by the President of
the passage of a Jaw authorizing the issuing of let-
ters of marque against Mexican commerce. It
seems to me that this is a very absurd game for
us to play with any nation, and most of all with
Mexico, who has scarcely any commercial ma-
rine, while the sea is covered with our ships. No
other formidable power has so large a commerce
in proportion to its navy As we have. We hear
little or nothing of Mexican privateers; and I think
justice, humanity, and sound policy, should pre-
vent us from giving any countenance to the prac-
tice of robbing merchant vessels at sea, unless we
wish to encourage piracy. I hope Congress will
disregard the President's recommendation.
The gentleman from Illinois proposes to give
Mexicans a " better government" and a " better
religion." I fear, if he robs them of their prop-
erty, they will not think much of his religion or
government either. England has been trying to
give Ireland a " better religion"for several hun-
dred years, but not with much success. Russia,
Prussia, and Austria, have given what they con-
i sider a " better government" to the Poles; but I
' doubt whether the world will give them any thanks
ft* their pains, or that the Poles feel very grate-
ful. If there are any Russian, Austrian, or Prus-
sian subjects, who disapprove this act of their gov-
ernments, we hear nothing of it, because they are
not allowed to give " aid and comfort to the ene-
my," by opening their mouths in the way of re-
monstrance. I do not believe in the utility or the
piety of the sword as a teacher of Christianity.
1 would as soon listen to the preaching of the
" hard-money apostle" who pocketed the thirty
pieces. It is but a few days since we had the man-
ifesto and appeal of General Salas to the Mexican
people. He exhorts them to the defence of their
religion, their nationality, and their race, which
are all threatened with extinction by northern in-
vaders. The Mexicans see among us three mil-
lions of slaves. They see the colored races almost
everywhere disfranchised. They can readily be
made to believe we intend to enslave them; and let
them see it declared that we intend to give them a
" better religion," and to introduce our "institu-
tions" among them, while we seize their private
property, and I think we may cease to cherish the
idea of " conquering a peace" very soon. It will
take as long, and cost moic, than the conquest of
Abd-el-Kadcr's Arabs by the French. Besides,
how much will be left of our navy if it is exp'osed
to all the hurricanes of the Gulf of Mexico for five
years to come? And what will be the state of our
finances at that time ? My opinion is, that we had
belter let the Mexicans alone to manage their own
affairs, enjoy their own religion, choose their own
government, and occupy their own territory, while
we mend our own evil ways, and improve our
own country, abundantly large as it is for our
uses for a long time to come.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. GEO. ASHMUN,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the HoCbE of RlSrllEbENTATIVES,
February 4, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union on the Civil and Diplo-
matic Appropriation Bill—
Mr. ASHMUN said :
Mr. Chairman : I desire to give, somewhat at
lar^e, my views of public affairs, so far as they are
! directly connected with the war.
! The. field is an extensive one, and full of tempt-
II mo- topics; but in the bnef space of an hour, little
U more than a hurried examination can be given to
