290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 4y
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Ashmun.
Ho. of Reps.
the mostimportant and interesting. There is some !
difficulty in the selection. There is an inherent dif- '
ficulty growing out of the fact that almost every
interest of the people, and the Government, is
deeply and intensely touched by this war; and be-
sides, we are told from high quarters, and low,
that this is not the proper time to discuss the pro-
priety of the measures of the Government, lest we
expose to the world its weakness ! "We are told,
also, that we must not agitate the momentous sub-
ject of the extension of slavery, because it brings
distraction into our councils, and only yesterday,
a Democratic member from Indiana, [Mr. Hen-
ley,] in his plain and direct manner, gavfi the De-
mocratic flock a homily upon their duty in this
latter respect. While surveying; the power and
prospects of the Democratic party, he saw but one
ominous sign m his horizon, and that was the dis-
cussion of slavery. Jf^that could be hushed, De-
mocracy would be harmonious and triumphant.
" The slavery question (says he) is the only one that
can shake the Democratic peaty. It h on that rock
alone that we are in danger of being wreeked.
And we are urged, and Democrats are com-
manded, not to agitate it. I desire more particu-
larly to notice this remark at this moment, and
give it a greater prominence, because, in connex-
ion with a mighty effort which is now on foot to
stave off all action upon the famous Wilmot pro-
viso, and coming, as it docs, from a free State
Democrat, it demands universal attention. It is
important in another respect. It shows, what a
large poition of the people of the free States have
long been accustomed to believe, that northern De-
mocracy is, to a gi cat extent, the true and instinct-
ive ally of the interests of slavery. Mr. Calhoun,
a southern Democrat, once said that the Demo-
cratic party was kept together by the cohesive
power of public ,paironage—plunder. And a
northern Democrat now tells us that the party will
fall to pieces if they agitate the subject of slavery.
The cohesive power even of public patronage will
not be enough to save the party from remediless
ruin, if they venture to think, talk, or act, upon
the subject of slavery !
[Mr. IJenlky here said, that he did not mean
that the Democratic party was in danger of split-
ting on thnt rock, but that the Whigs had prophe-
sied such a result.] ♦
AVell, sir, I accept tile explanation, although it
was not made yesterday in my hearing. Rut
surely the gvntlemnn in the most solemn tones
warned his parly against the danger tluit was thus
prophesied. And not that gentleman alone, but
the official paper, with its daily alternate coaxing
and denunciation, has been driving to hush the
storm that thus threatens to wreck the party. But
notwithstanding all these attempts to stifle free
discussion of the war, and its consequences, inclu-
ding the extension of slavery as an element of po- \
litical power, I shall venture to speak freely and i
plainly. The people expect this discussion from ;
their Representatives, and it is not only our right, 1
but our duty, to engage in it. !
Before proceeding to the particular questions |
which the occasion suggests, 1 ask attention, for a 1
moment, to the contrast which the present condi- '
tion of the country presents, to that which existed '
when the present Democratic Administration came i
into power. Less than two years have elapsed,'
and what a change! Upon the first meeting of 1
Congress after the advent of Mr. Polk to power, j
we found the nation happy end prosperous; our •
public treasury was overflowing, our public debt j
had been extinguished, and peace was on all our '
borders. Under a system of protection, sane- !
tioned by time, and by the wisdom of all prece- 1
ding Administrations, the interests of labor thrived, i
and theic was nothing but the fear of the future ii
to mar the picture. That fnlute has indeed brought *j
a melancholy ehnnec ! We now arc plunged in a j|
foreign war, of which no man can calculate the |j
expenses, or see the end, or predict the conse-
quences; the system of pioteetion of American
labor has been stricken down, and we have an
abyss of national debt which even the chairman
of Ways and Means cannot fathom; our treasury
js bankrupt,and the l'j\*eoutive lias been compelled
to ask Congress to give him power to borrow
TWF.vTY-r.iGirr millions of dollars ! We have an
army of thirty thousand of our countrymen wa-
ging a war of conquest on a foreign soil, wasting
rapidlv away by the sword, and by pestilence, j
This i's our present condition, and this is the re- 1
suit of two years-' working of a Democratic Ad-
ministration. Such are its Irstfruits, and I greatly
fear that we have little that is better to hope for in
the two years which are to come.
Sir, I was one of the number who, at the last
session, voted against the war bill. The minor-
ity of fourteen, with whom I then acted, have
been freely and frequently denounced on this floor,
and elsewhere. But, sir, never for a moment have
I doubted as to the propriety of that vote, or ceased
to rejoice that I gave it. My action upon that oc-
casion has been submitted to the people whom I
represent, and in the most solemn and emphatic
manner they have expressed their approbation of
it. And I believe that a great majority of the
American people will also sustain it. I believe
that the majority of them entertain the opinion that
tli is war originated in what, to say the least, was
the blundering course of the Administration, and
that it was not demanded by any such imperious
necessity as could alone justify a war.
I shall not, at this time, go over any of the
ground, which, upon a former occasion, was oc-
cupied by me. During the last session, in the
early history of the war, I had an opportunity to
speak upon the events which immediately pre-
ceded the breaking out of the flames upon the Rio
Grande. The usurpation which had marked the
conduct of the Executive was then exposed and
commented upon. It has been extensively discuss-
ed by others during the present session, and I
shall endeavor to avoid repetition. But my pur-
pose is to confine myself to the consideration of
three propositions:
]. That the war in which we are engaged is a
direct consequence of the annexation of Texas,
and the natural and anticipated fruit of that ini-
quity.
2. That the war is waged for the conquest of
foreign territory, as its great purpose and end. as
has been openly announced by those who profess
themselves to he the faithful and confidential friends
of the Executive, in both branches of Congress.
3. That, after the conquest and dismemberment
of the Mexican Republic, it is designed, as the
crowning crime of this couise of iniquity, to ex-
tend slavery over the acquired territory, there to
j exi^t as an clement of political power.
| The annexation of Texas, with all its attendant
] circumstances, has become part of the history of
I the world. It stands there for the judgment of the
j present and the future. Of the means by which it
| was accomplished, and the manner in which the
deed was done, I do not care now to speak, further
than to say, that it i« difficult to imagine a more
1 gross and deliberate violation of the plainest prin-
ciples of the Constitution, or a more outrageous
j invasion of the rights of the States of this Union,
j thai) was involved in that measuie, But it has
been done; and while I will not ccnsc to denounce
the iniquity of the act, I am not disposed to with-
hold from the State of Texas the consideration that
is due to a State of the Union. All the protection
which the forms of the Constitution guaranty will 1
be yielded to her by the General Govei nment". But
we cannot forget that her advent into the Union |
has brought with it evils of a most momentous and i
alarming character. Among them stands, in bad I
eminence, this Mexican war". When the measure '
of annexation had been consummated, both policy
and duty ought to have dictated a course of kind-
ness towards onr sister republic. That, govern-
ment and people had been irritated by what they 1
deemed to be an act of great injustice, and their :
national pride had been wounded in a most sensi- \
tivc point. Instead of a course of blustering and .
bullying, onr Administration should have ondeav- 1
ored, by every honorable means, to allay all irrita-
tion, and avoid all disturbing measures and'topics. !
And yet we have seen that the occasion was seized ;
to wake up the recollection of all old causes of com-
plaints which had existed for years. It is true that 1
our Government sent a minister to Mexico for the ,■
apparent purpose of negotiation. So fir as that
fact alone goes, let the Administration have all the |
creditofit. But when we look at the circumstances
of that mission, the character of the minister, and
the sending of our army and navy to hover upon
the borders of that country, for the purpose of in- ^
timidating it into a compliance with his demands, 11
there seems to be but little grace in it. I do not
know what the instructions to Mr. Slidell were;
the President has not seen fit to disclose them; but
I apprehend that when the veil of secrecy is raised,
we shall see in them the germ of this California
movement. Wise and prudent counsels and gentle
measures might, and probably would, have saved
us from war. But yet, when the Texas annexa-
tion was under discussion in Congress, and in the
country, those who opposed-it prophesied that war
would follow. And recently, in the United States
Senate, General Houston, the hero of the Texan
revolt, and a man who from the beginning was
privy to all the steps which finally led to annexa-
tion, has declared that when we took Texas we
knew that we took the war upon our hands: that,
in fact, we took it by inheritance. It was one of
the strong arguments against the annexation, that
it would tend to disturb our peaceful relations with
Mexico. Both Whigs and Democrats in the Is orth
expressed the greatest fears and alarm on this point.
In my own State, the Legislature passed lesulu-
tions, nearly if not quite unanimously, strongly
expressive of their hostility to the measure, and
their fear that peace would be broken. One of the
resolutions is before me, and is as follows:
"Resolved^ That, imrferno circumstances whntever, can the
people of Massachusetts regaid the piopo«itfon to admit
Texas into the Union, m any other light than as dangerous,
toits continuance in peace, fn prosperity, and in the enjoy-
ment of tho-sc blessings which it is the object of a free gov-
ernment to secuie."
These resolutions were sustained both by the
Whigs and the Democrats of the Massachusetts.
Legislature. .The vote was taken by yeas and
nays, and not only every Whig, but, if my recol-
lection is not at fault, every Democrat, save one,,
recorded his name in favor of them. But, sir, the
Baltimore Convention had not then met. When
j' that famous assemblage did convene, and decreed
that Texas must be annexed; when it was de-
j clared to the world that the southern institution of
slavery must be protected by that measure, and
that Mr. Polk must, be selected to carry out those
measures, then, almost without a blush, did the
Massachusetts Democracy face to the right about;
and, without so much as a grimace, th§y swal-
lowed the words and principles so solemnly de-
clared in that resolution. The Democracy of the
North have long been held and esteemed by their
southern biethren as the natural allies of southern
inteiests, but surely never upon any occasion were
they more true to their instincts than upon this.
The interests of slavery demanded the annexation;
the Baltimore Convention decreed it, and they were
obeyed. The opposition to the Texas schefnc,
and the fear of its consequences, extended ako to
the democracy of other States. I have in my hand
extracts from several of their leading presses, which
time will not permit me to read." It is enough to
;i say, that almost everywhere, the same facility of
ij submission was manifested as in Massachusetts.
| New Hampshire, almost alone, exhibited adispo-
;j *Tae fnlbnvirjsz are some o{ th.> extracts:
j ^ Front the Nashua Gazette* Nov. 1G, 1^13.
j The t-viL> that will bs entailed on'the North In ilie adnii—
sion ofTcxsh ?nto the Union, art? incalculable, ytcat,\u-t—
1 beyond a!! human calculation.
■! The object and design thioughouti? black a- ink—a-- bith-r
!, a^ hell. No other reason on eat th can he a^i'ined toi tins
1 Kmfaern movement than a determination to pp«p -tnate n.at
1 accused institution, which, iiiaitorot'comprom]--,\ w-,-;
, aci edod to-by the N01 th at the tunc of the adoption of tirv
; Articles ot Confedoiation. If the South p^rbi.-t in lorem"
, if.Yds upon in, thp 1 esult i* evident to all. The cmi-c=-
qunices aic muitifaiiou— to say nothing of their rum. M.iy
: lrovnlenee u\ert tbi, calamity, and save our lepablu iroiu
i disunion, misery, and deduction.
j From, the Portsmouth (N. II.) T.Tcirvriu in fall oTiei^.
|Th;'se exrtraet- we copy horn Knae ililt'^ pnpei.j
ft is a matter of deep tester, that our -ouihern fucnda m-
■ torn, to ngitat", in the ne.uConere-'S the question ot tne an-
nrxiitmn of Teja-j to 0111 Tnion. If i . undet.-tood thai fim
i*> a lavonte project with 31 r. Calhoun. J5ut a* it-* accom-
plishment njiifht prove fatal to oui hoc iiMitut")ns,n will be
a solemn duty ot the 1101 them l^'iuoorrie.v to oppose it.
From the Dcmo^rntn Rtnicu. 18-13.
Nor 011 i'lit the annenation to he made without the consent
of Mexico, on her jeeo^mtion of her nieccj-sfuitv revolted
provmcc. ^ We mji-t avoid even the appearance of evil. It is
not <:n:)u<rh that wo may be abunduml> cernun t:>af Mexico
can ncvej Ji^am even hope to --hake the independence of
.1 c\a-«. The nominal, theoretic.il rmbt, js j-till averted,
Wiiich wo c.Tinot disregard without lncuiriim a pi^r liability'
to a declaration of war by Moxieo.
From the Tlotfon P ~>*t, iV>r ; 18!.'(
_ The Ada* is beating the air about (he adnu>.<ion of Tevin
into the Union. The Cabmol at VY.idim^fon, and all the
Mies tins, way,aio opposed tn^uch a mc-a^itc. Mr. Pre^on,
