29?
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 4,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Ashmun.
Ho. of Reps.
"But there was another question which had called forth i
much debate. Was this to be a war of conquest? He an- I
swered.yes; trusting in Heaven, and on the valor of their J
arras, theirs should be a war of conquest; conquests as bril-
liant as thoso which had already astonished the world; con-
quests, he trusted, in rapid succession."
The chairman of Foreign Affairs in the Senate
[Mr. Sevier] declared yesterday, in a speech in
his place,'that "no one thought of getting less than
New Mexico and California!"
And the*chairman of Foreign Affairs m this
House [Mr. Jngersoll] has also given us his
views at two different times on this point. In the
report of August last, to which 1 have already al-
luded, and which was made before it was deemed
to be expedient to admit to the world that conquest
was the object, he labored to dispel all fear that it
was so. On page 51, he says:
" The armies and navy of the United States will no doubt
be directed and disposed to wage war on tiie most humane
and forbeaung principles ot civilized hostilities—to make
war, not cu> the means oj ambition or jor the sake of conquest,
but a«, when all pacific endeavor* have been exhausted, and
not till then, the only way to peace.
"As, in the order ot overruling Piovidence, war has been
forced upon this countty, it will make the most of it to dis-
abuse the world of the unfounded and unmerited chaiges
against republican government, of incapacity tor wars and
lust of dominion."
But, as I remarked before, a lapse of time hav-
ing made a change of position on the part of the
Administration necessary, a change of tone on the
part of lis representatives on this floor easily fol-
lows; and, accordingly, we heard him say a few
days since—
"Evciyhody knew—yes, e\erjbody knew—that this was
to be a war of invasion—a var of tciritorud mnqnest, al-
though^ was now spoken of in ternif. of condemnation in
that rcnpucf. But it could not bo otheru iso than a war of
conquest. That was the only ifse that could be made of all
the power granted by Congie^, and by Congress command-
ed to be employed.''
J read from the report of his speech in the Union,
and ask the attention of the House, not so much
to the glaring inconsistency which is developed—
for that is of little consequence—as to the full dis-
closure of the purposes of the war as they are now
officially declared in this House! Sir, it may, |
perhaps, be true, that "everybody knew that this
was to be a war of invasion—a war of territorial
conquest." I certainly thought so last August,
and said so; but at that time we had the assurance
of the report on the Mexican war, that it was not
to be waged for the sake of conquest, or the lust of
dominion. If any more proof is desired that con-
quest is the purpose, look at the authority given to
Commodore Stockton and Geneial Keainy, to es-
tablish civil governments m New Mexico and Cal-
ifornia, and the manner in which they have execu-
ted their orders. Look also at the significant fact
that, day after day, during the present session, the
Democratic members on this floor have been wrang-
ling and quarrelling as to fundamental laws which
shall be established m the conquered provinces.
The motto which our War Secictary established
for partisan purposes, is now to be applied to our
foreign relations: " To the victors belong the
spoils." And now, even before we can safely say
that there are any spoils to divide, the patty which
sustains the Administration are in almost a state
of mutiny as to the terms of distribution ! Sir,
tins war may result in the conquest of these prov-
inces, although present appearances give no hope
of any speedy termination of it. It may terminate
in the dismemberment of our sister republic, and 1
a partition of her territory. 1
But what good to us, if it does? AVe shall I
neither «am national wealth, national strength, nor «
national honor. We shall gam the seeds of a |
thousand evils—internal jealousy and bickerings— j
and we -shall gain the condemnation and shame of '
the world. History has no blacker page than that '
which records the paitirion of Poland among the
stronger Powers around her. The plea that the .
snfrty of their "institutions," the institutions of:
monarchy which made slaves of their subjects,
does not save them. That great crime has an un-
dying fame. But, sir, if this plan of the dismem-
berment of the weak republic upon our southern
border is "consummated, that crime will find its
rival. The plea that our domestic " institutions"
demand it, will find no favor, when the judgment
ot all civilizcd and Christian mankind, present and
future, now and forever, comes to be made up!
it is for such a war, leading to such conse-
quences, that we are npw, in our character as
Representatives, called upon to vote supplfts.
Treasure, and human life—millions of dollars and
thousands of men—are demanded of us, to be ex-
pended to accomplish such a result. And we are
told that, without scruple, without complaint, it is
our duty to grant this demand. We are told that
now, after the war has been begun, the Executive
is chargcd with full power over its conduct and
end, and that our duty, as good patriots, is to yield
to his request, and keep silence as to his usuipa-
tions. Sir, I hold to no such slavish doctrine. I
deem it my duty to resist and denounce it, when-
ever and however attempted to be enforced. The
chairman of Foreign Affairs [Mr. Ingersoll] gave
us the other day the official creed upon this subject
in these words, viz:
" The Autocrat of all the Russias—the Sultan Mahmoud j
—had no more sovereign power, than ihat which was now j
in full exeiciso, for wagingthe war with Mexico." j
And he added further, that when the Congress
had given the President the war-waging power,
that u powerwas as great as the power ot the Au-
' tocrat of all theRussias, of the Sultan Mahmoud,
4 or of Napoleon, in the utmost culmination of his
4 authority, and that it was a great mistake to sup-
£ pose that there was, m that respect, any difference
' between the sovereignty of the European despot
<and that of the United States."
I find also, in the leading Democratic paper of
Baltimore, a sentiment equally in violation of every
Republican principle:
From u The Republican and Jlrgus," January 29.
" The Executive and Congress.—It belongs to the Executive
to manage the war with Mexico. The supreme legislative
powei declared wai to exit.t, and henceforward it was the
duty of the Executive to wage the w<u with all such means
ax "the Constitution and Confess placed at his disposal.
When, then, he found these measures inadequate, and ap-
plied to CongiesS tor other measures, HIS WILL should
hai c been immediately < ampHcd uith, unless it was plainly in
contravention of the Constitution."
Sir, if that doctrine be true, then, indeed, we
are but little better off than the serfs in Russia, and
the slaves of the Sultan! and really, and in truth,
the President's generals in Mexico are, what the
gentleman from South Carolina denominated them,
his 44 satraps." But I utterly deny that the spirit
hesitate to give all, everything, that might be called
for. In such a state of things, every dollar that
my constituents could raise would be freely offered,
and every man on our hills and in our valleys
would spring to array himself for the conflict. Life
and treasure would be all ready for sacrifice at the
country's need. But such is not the case; and I
am determined to stand by the declaration that I
will give—
Millions for defence, but not a cent for conquest.
Mr. Chairman, the desire to gratify this lust of
dominion, which, first indulged in the acquisition
of Texas, wellnigh led us into a war for a part of
Oregon, now beckons on with an inflamed appe-
tite, to other regions upon the Pacific, and threat-
ens not merely to consume the true principles and.
proper objects of a republican government, but to
make us deaf and insensible to those humane con-
siderations which belong to and advance a nation
whose pursuits are those of peace. War brings
in its train not merely loss of treasure, public debt,
and destruction of human life, but it seems to turn
the hearts of those wfyo are engaged in it, and
urging it on, to stone. A signal illustration of this
is to be founa in the speech of the chairman of
Foreign Affairs, made the other day, in defence of
the war, its authors, and its purposes. I have
referred to the same speech before, and my only
apology for doing it again is, that its author stands
here in peculiar relations to the Administration,
and as the supposed exponent of its plans and
opinions. He spoke of this war as a fortunate
occurrence, which was to settle difficulties with
which they did not know how to deal before, and
: adds:
! "War brought them at once to a state of things which he
| regarded as very fortunate; and though they heard a great deal
i about the misfortune's and calamines of war, which itwa*
! very easy to talk about to the delight of a)! old women, yet
I he would like any one to tell him what these calamities
i were, for he had not yet heard of them."
I Sir, when this expression was uttered, but few
j members were listening; but I saw then, as I see
! now, amazement and horror depicted upon their
! countenances. And I ask if there be a man who
! has a heart within him, who can suppress an invol-
.1 untary shudder at its repetition now? Upon what
times have we fallen, when the author of this world-
of our Constitution justifies any such alarming jj famous war preamble, the confidential adviser of
: pretension on thepartof the Executive. 'Congress, 11 •' ~ '' * ■ • jV!- TT  ~~ u
indeed, by declaring war, commits to the Presi-
dent's hands the duty of conducting it; but he must
conduct it with the means which Congress, in view
the President, comes into this House, as if fresh
from the Executive gates, and gives voice to so
unfeeling a declaration ? The misfortunes and ca-
lamities of war ! He has not heard of them! They
of all the ciicumstances, chooses to give him. In hare tales fit only to delight silly and weak old
)udgmg of the amount and nature of those means, '' " ' 1 rr" 1 • > • - -
Congress has the right, and it is its duty, to look
at the end which ought to be accomplished; to see
what the interests, rights, and honor of the country
requires should be done. If enough has been done
to protect our rights, and vindicate our honor, and
if the President desires still further to prolong the
war for peisonal aggrandizement, or for any other
motive, must Congress still vote all which he de-
mands? It is said, that if he does exercise his
power wrongfully, he may be impeached; in the
idle phrase of the day, we may "hold hint respon-
sible !" But we all know that impeachment is a j
farco; and the impeachment of a President, who j
has an army at his back, and to whom you have I
given the despotic power of Sultan Mahmoud over i
the army, will hardly have many terrors for him. '
No, sir; I hold it to be my imperious duty to
scrutinize every demand for men and money; and,
if it appears that they are used for unjustifiable
ends, I shall not hesitate to resist the requisition.
If it be not so, there is no necessity for our voting
at all upon the subject. We are only to keep the
treasury full, and let the President put in his hand
and help himself whenever he sees lit—and—hold
him to his responsibility! The moment that the
right of voting upon the question at all is con-
ceded, then the right of judging, and of refusing,
upon proper reasons, is admitted to the fullest ex-
tent. It is upon this ground that I have acted thus
far, and shall continue to act. I ,see the Executive
women; tell them not to him. The elevated states-
man, who is the associate of the President, has
no ear for such fables!
Brown, Ringgold, Page, Ridgley, Watson, Ha-
mer, and a host of other gallant officers, have been
suddenly stricken down from life; their country
weeps for them, funeral processions thread the
streets, and cities are wrapped in mourning, but he
has heard of no misfortune or calamity! Thousands
are sleeping, till the last trump shall waken them,
upon the banks of the ill-fated RioGiande, that
River of Death! They were the pride of their
country and the beloved of their friends; but dis-
ease and the sword—war—have strewed their
bones on distant sands, and strange rivers run red
with their blood ! But he has heard of no ca-
lamity !
Hearts are breaking all over t\ie land for fathers,
brothers, husbands, and sons, never more to re-
turn ! But he has heard of no misfortune !
Volunteers, who, in the full fruition of life, health,
and hope, went at the President's call, are now in
crowds returning, the shadowy remnants of what
they were ! Wounded, wasted, and worn, they
come back from that land of pestilence and war,
to drag out a miserable existence, and are wel-
comed by a sound that comes fiom the Executive
portals, <£ we have heard of no misfortunes or ca-
lamities !5> Go tell your tales to delight weak old
women; your Government does not hear them!
Sir, it is told of some of the most heartless war-
using for purposes of conquest, such as have been ;l riors that ever set their brazen heels upon human
shown, the war-power which has been given him, h life, who were as prodigal of their squadrons as if
and I refuse to aid him in carrying out those pur-1 men were but so much com for the harvest, that
poses. If the war was one of defence; if—no even they, in going over their fields of battle after
matter how it begun, however stupendous might j! a victory, would shed tears at the sights before
be the folly or the crime that brought it upon us— h them. But as night comes down upon the scenes
, if hostile fleets were ravaging our coasts, and an I of Palo Alto, of Resaca de la Palma, and of Mon-
■ enemy's army invading our towns, I should not1 terey, and the wail of our wounded and dying coun-
