1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
29th Cong 2d Sess.
General Appropriation Bill—Mr. Daniel P. King
Ho. of Reps.
field 25,000 more. The expenses of this war have
alreddy amounted to more than sixty millions
of dollars, and the amount which may yet be ex-
pended, it is impossible to estimate. It will, how-
ever, reach a sum sufficient to pay our citizens their
just claim for French spoliations, and to endow
thousands of shools, colleges, and hospitals.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Tibbatts,]
has told us that " so long as Congress gave sup-
plies, the President was bound to go on in the
prosecution of the war, conquering every hamlet,
village, town, and city, in Mexico—ay, every hut
—till Mexico were compelled to sue for peace. He
was bound to go on—
"Even until
The gates of mercy ^hall he all shut up,
And the fleshed soldier, ron^h and hard of heart.
In liberty of bloody hand, shall range
With conscience wide as licll; mowing like grass
Their r'revh fair virgins, and flowenng youths.' "
"Their blood," said he, " must be on the hands
of Congress, not of the President." Not on my
hands, nor on my conscience, Mr. Chairman, shall
be this "damned spot;" for, with my views of the
origin and purposes of this war, not all the waters
of the ocean could wash the stain away. Other
gentlemen may hope to throw the responsibility
upon the President; but, in a war like this, a good
citizen has discharged his duties when be obeys
the laws of the land, when he pays all taxes
legally assessed, and bears all burdens legally im-
posed. He may, and he should, vote and protest
against measures which he thinks disgraceful and
ruinous. It has been said that war is a game at
which, if their subjects were wise, monarch's could
not play. It is more true, that war is a game at
which, if the people were wise and virtuous,
Presidents would not play.
Fourteen months ago the President congratu-
lated the nation on the bloodless acquisition of
Texas. Nine months ago war was commenccd, to
acquire a portion of territory, which he calls that
same country; and the President's friends prom-
ised to conquer an honorable peace in three months.
Six months ago the President asked Congress for
$2,000,000 to buy peace; now $3,000,000 are asked
for the same purpose; because, besides paying our
own forces, it may be convenient to Sania Ana,
to help him pay the Mexicans. We have had the
best of the fight in every contest—victory has
always perched on our standard; but we have had
victories without advantages, and aie apparently
no nearer to a close of the war than wo were nine
months ago. We have not conquered peace, and
shall not be able to do it, until more wise and en-
ergetic measures are adopted. We have not bought
peace, and shall not be able to do it, until we have
more crafty negotiators than the President or his
Cabinet council. And when is peace again to bless
our land? When shall the alarm of war and the
din of battle cease? When shall be heard no more
the wai lings of agonized bereavement, and the sor-
rowing cry of mourners, lefusmg to be comforted >
If war can neither conquer peace, nor buy peace,
let us be magnanimous, and on terms of equity and
liberality give peace to Mexico.
In this nineteenth century of the Christian era,
there is nothing which meets my idea of true honor
or glory in the prosecution of any war. *As distin-
guished from Pagan, Mahomedan, and Jewish, we
call this a Christian nation. The advent of the
great Author of our religion was announced by
choral angels, singing peace on earth and &ood
will to men, and his parting blessing was, " niy
peace I leave with you." This war is not only [
immoral, but it is inglorious. Some of our ora- '
tors and poets have called ours the most enlighten- I
ed and powerful nation on the face of earth. We i
have more than twenty millions of people. Our
wealth and resources are unbounded—a full treas-
ury, an undoubted credit, a well appointed army
and navy, arsenals and magazines full of arms and
the munitions of war. Mexico has a population
of some ten millions, of a mixed and miscellaneous
character—Moorish, Indian, and Afiican—a dis-
tracted govcrment, an empty treasury, not a ship
of war afloat, naked magazines and arsenals, and
in every way poorly supplied with the fit accou-
trements of war. There is no honor or glory in
warring with such a people,. The contest is too
unequal. As soon would the monarch of the forest,
when not humbled by pinching hunger, make fight
with the feeble, fearful antelope. As. soon would
the bird of broad and rapid wing leave his pride of
place, and pounce upon the half-fledged owl. It
js only when man meets his equal man, that the
crown can be worth the contest; in a scrub race
there arc no laurels worth winning or wearing.
"When Greek meets Greek, then comes the tug
of war." No, Mr. Chairman, do not pursue the
bubble reputation where you know you can never
overtake it; but, if you cannot conquer, nor buy,
just give peace to poor weak distracted Mexico.
That Mexico has been in fault no one denies; but
her misfortunes have been equal to her faults;
living in a whirlpool of continual revolutions, her
anarchy and poverty have driven her to deeds
which her best citizens have abhorred.
Some of our political fiicnds, and many of our
political opponents, have kindly warned those who
oppose the prosecution of this war, of the fate of
those who opposed the war of 1776 and the war
of 1812. There is no similarity in the cases. Those
wars were for the rights of nations and mankind,
and for justice and liberty. Then great principles
were involved. We had an enemy every way our
equal, except in a noble enthusiasm for the right,
and a devoted love of country. A love of novelty,
a spirit of wild adventure, a recklessness of dan-
ger, such as urges the hoise to battle, may have se-
duced many young men to volunteer in this war of
aggression, but the spirit of '76, the patriotism of
the revolutionary fathers, is not there. In those
wars we laid up a rich store of renown. I would
not hazard our national fame and character in a
struggle so doubtful and so unequal. I would not
risk these proud trophies won by our brave sol-
diers and sailors. They are too precious to be
trampled in vulgar dust, or to be draggled in inglo-
rious gore. We have been warned that opposi-
tion to this war would make us unpopular. An
honest, independent freeman will ask, is the mea-
sure right; not, will it be popular. He may be
willing to court popular favor, but he will never
become her slave. Popularity, he knows, may be
gained with little merit, and lost by as little fault.
In the morning it may put forth the fresh green
leaves of promise—in the evening they may with-
er and die. Popularity is a ftail stall. The con-
sciousness ot meaning' right, and doing right, will
sustain a man in this life, and at its close be the
ministering angel of peace and hope.
We are now the aggressors. The Mexicans
arc defending their altars and homes, their wives
and children. They cannot, and they will not,
yield. By an article of their constitution no por-
tion of their territory can be alienated. They
have sworn to support it; and, if not as strong and
bold, they are at least as obstinate and determined
as we are.
In modern times 1 think of but two instances of
wars waged like this. The gieat Ficnch nation,
with whom war is a pastime, and the profession
of arms almost a natural pursuit, have been fight-
ing the Algermes more than sixteen years. They,
too, have been victorious in every engagement; but
they have secured nothing but the military posses-
sion of Algiers; and that they can maintain only by
an army of 100,000 men, and an annual expense
of $20,000,000. Mexico is much faithcr from the
United States than Algiers from France, has a
larger population, has more of the arms and arts
of war, and, from the natural position of coast
and defiles, and its pestilential climate, so fatal to
stiaugeis, is better piepared to sustain a longer
defence. Shall this country continue the war,
with no definite prospect of its termination, and no
fixed object, but the robbing of Mexico of territory
which must result in domestic feuds and perpetual
animosities ?
The Florida war raged for six years or more.
It cost the Government, in money, $4"2,UOU,000,
besides the health, and blood, and life, of many of j
our citizens. Here were only a few hundied pom i,
Seminole waniois. If it cost $42,000,000 to sub- r
due these almost naked and unarmed chtldien of j
the forest, how. much will it cost to conquer the |
hundreds of thousands of the roused and deter- i
mined people of Mexico? If this contest with '■
savnges occupied the fleets and armies of the Uni- !
ted States six years, how long will it require for
the same forces to subdue the warlike, semi-bar-;
barons Mexicans, taught strategy at our expense ? !;
But I do not wish to make the calculation. We |j
haveconquered the Mexicans in every battle. Ours 1;
is, or ought to be, the model republic of the world.
Let us call home our forces, manifest a noble mag-
nanimity, deal with Mexico as an affectionate pre-
ceptor would deal with an obstinate but not im-
practicable pupil; and by address, by gentleness,
by example, more eloquent than all other disci-
pline, tcach Mexico to do right. We have boat
the Mexicans in the field in every fight. Let us
show them and the world that we excel in virtue
and moderation more than*in arms. "Peace hath
her victories no less renowned than war," nay, far
more renowned. Let it be my country's good for-
tune to achieve this noblest and best of victories.
This is u war of conquest, a war for the acquisi-
tion of territory, and the fixed determination of the
Administration is, that that territory shall be slave
territory. The Mexican General, Arista, proposed
to President, Polk that neither party should occupy
the disputed territory till opportunity for negotia-
tion was allowed. While our army was on the
Nueces the Mexican forces did no hostile act;
when it was advanced to the Rio Grande, hostili-
ties commenccd. The chairman of thc'Committee
| of Foreign Relations declared to us two years ago,
! that Providence had fij.ed a natural boundary be-
tween Texas and Mexico in the desert waste be-
tween those rivers; the President's lust of conquest
and vaulting ambition have overleaped this natu-
ral boundary, and involved the country in war. A
friend of the President in this House, a gentleman
from Virginia, has said, " he trusted it would be
j * a war of conquest; he was not one of those who
I 4 would have a mild war, who were afraid of stri-
j ' king heavy blows. He would show no mercy
j * till the war was ended. If he could have his own
1 way, one blow should follow another without
4 meicy"—and in the bitterness of his wrath he
did not spare those fourteen, who, he said, " were
i destined to be famous in story;" " and, so help
' him Heaven, so far as his own fame and future
' reputation were concerned, he would infinitely
' rather be the poorest volunteer whose bones
' mouldered on the banks of the Rio Bravo, with
' no stone to maik his grave, no icquiem but the
'wild bird's shriek and the howling winds, than
4 the mightiest Wing orator who thundcied forth
' Ins denunciations of the war." Now, I am no
oiator us the gentleman is, and about the manner
of living, of dying, and of burial, there may be a
difference of taste; but rather than be pierced or
stabbed (perhaps in the back) by a Mexican sword
or spear, or hackcd by an Indian tomahawk on
that savage shore—
-at once despatch'd;
Cut of! even id the blo-wnn  ol my «.m,
UuhoudclI'd, xii-appoiuted, uiia^el'd''—
I should prefer, after having enjoyed all life's
blessings, and pcrfoimed all life's duties, to wrap
the diapery of my couch about me, and, without
braggart bnastmg or unmanly fears, await my last
solemn hour. 1 would that my friends should
drop a few natural, though unavailing tears, and
then that they should carry out my bier to some
sequestered spot, where overarching trees might
diop their autumnal leaves; and there, if the hand
of affection should ever raise a stone, let it have
only this inscription—\ lo\er of peace, of lib-
erty, of his country he voiejj against t11e
Mexican wak. I have, peihups, as little desire
for a mausoleum oh the gentleman; but since he
has given me a lecture, let me say to lnm, the best
monument for this world, and tjie best hope for the
future, is a well spent life; the gentleman's ideal
of a well spent life would lead him to these Mexi-
can ^ais; why, then, does he not sjo where glory
waits him? [Mr. McDowell, of Virginia, here
interposed: "The Virginia regiment is full."]
Mr. Kixg continued : The ten new regiments are
not yet full. There are yet, I feai, more cities to
be stormed, and more wounds inflicted, and more
miseries endured. 1 wish the engines of war could
be converted into implements of husbandry, and
that tins fierce and levengefnl spirit of mail seek-
ing his brother's blood could be restrained.
Much has been said of the origin and purpose of
this war: spoliations, wrongs to our citizens, and
American blood shed on American soil—specious
words—but the true history of the war must be
written; it will be the blackest page in the annals
of our country; would that it could be blotted out
and forgotten; but the evil deed must be written
for admonition. History will disclose to the
