APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 5,
29th Cong....2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
world the controlling power of the peculiar insti-
tution in the national councils. It 1ms made and
destroyed banks and tariffs, and, in defiance of the
Constitution,-has annexed Texas and involved the
country in the horrors and disgrace of war. Its
moral and social evils have been so long felt and
so plainly told, that I am spared the pain of a re-
cital; the good and thegreat of a past age—Wash-
ington, Franklin, and .Jefferson—have borne full
testimony against it. Would that statesmen of the
present times had inherited their firmness, inde-
pendence, and honesty. "What mischiefs it has
perpetrated, what mischiefs it has in Reserve, if
not now curbed in its headlong course, I will not
enumerate. But the course of the true patriot to
me appears plain; the proud weuses of slavery must
be stayed—so far, no farther—it must not invade
another inch of free soil. Our friends of the South
ask us what we have to do with slavery; we might
as pertinently ask, what have we to do with liber-
ty ? The battles of the Revolution were fought,
and the Constitution was formed, to secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity.
Though gentlemen of the South may forget or un-
dervalue this priceless boon, we never can. If the
Representatives of the North will stand up like
true men, and honoiably represent the deep-fixed,
unalterable feeling of the people of the North; if
they will, by their recorded vote, dcclare that sla-
very shall not be tolerated m any territory which
• may be acquired in this contest, the war will be
brought to a speedy termination.
Mr. Sims, of South Carolina, has to-day told us
" that every foot of territory we shall permanently
4 occupy south of thirty-six degrees thirty minutes,
* will be slave territory. This opinion is founded
1 on the known determination of the southern peo-
1 pie, that their institution shall be carried theie; it
1 is founded on the laws of God, written on the cli-
4 mate and soil of the country—nothing but slave
' labor can cultivate profitably that region of coun-
6 try. I have no idea that the North or the Wesst
1 will resist to the death. The Union will never be
' dissolved on that question." In reply to a ques-
tion by Mr. Wood, Mr. Sims said: " I answer for
* God, because the opinion is written in his reveal-
* ed Word. I can speak authoritatively on that
' point." The gentleman may represent the South,
and probably does; but he has shown no creden-
tials from Heaven, and the Noith is here to speak
for itself. Because the North has aheady yielded
much, the South expects greater concessions; be-
cause, by stratagem or treason, they have got pos-
session of the outposts, they now expect us to sur-
render the very citadel. For once let the South
know, that some northern men have northern prin-
ciples; that though they love their favor and appro-
bation much, they love more the favor and appro-
bation of their own neighbors and constituents,
and still more the approbation of their own con-
sciences. On this great, question of the extension
of slavery, with all its fearful consequences, let it
never be, said of any one Representative of the free
States, that he sold his vote, and, like the base Ju-
dean, for a few pieces of dirty silver, threw away
a pearl worth more than all prospects of political
advancement, worth more than all prospects of
earthly enjoyment.
It has lately been asserted in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and elsewhere, that Thomas Jeffer-
son, and not Nathan Dane, should have the credit
of that section in the ordinance of '87 which pro-
vides, that "theie'shall he neither slavery nor in-
voluntary servitude in said tciritory." Mr. Jef-
ferson, m 1787, had been two years in Prance. In
1784, a committee, consisting of Messrs. Jefferson,
Chase, and Howell, reported a plan which con-
tained some of the principles finally established,
but it was too imperfect for practical purposes.
The following article was stricken out: "That,
4 after the year 1800 of the Christian era, there
' shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
' in any of the said States, otherwise than m pun-
4 ishmcnt of crimes whereof the party shall have
'been convicted to harve been personally guilty."
Mr. Jefferson voted against the striking out, but
this does not read like the terse and nervous style
of the author of the Declaration of Independence.
Chase, in his sketch of the history of Ohio,
says, u the celebrated ordinance of 1787 was adopt-
ed after discussion, without the slightest amend-
ment, and witli but one dissenting voice." [Mr.
Yates, of New York.] The framer, and, as to
some most important provisions, the author, of this'
great fundamental law, destined to exert a mightu
and enduring influence upon the happiness and
prosperity of millions, was Nathan Dane, of Mas-
sachusetts. To him, in an especial manner, are
the people of the northern States indebted for the
restriction upon legislative interference with pri-
vate contracts, which, in every fluctuation of for-
tune, has been the safeguard of the public morals
and of individual rights.
In 1787, one Nathan Dane, of Massachusetts,
framed the ordinance by which slavery and invol-
untary servitude, except as a punishment for crime,
were forever excluded from the Northwestern
Territory, and, by this chartcr of liberty, secured
for himself undying fame, and for that country,
free institutions and the enterprise and prosperity
which attend them. If, in 1847, his successor can
achieve no such renown, he will at least, on this
ground, stand firm, that by no voluntary servitude
of his, by no treason against duty, conscience,
humanity, and Heaven, shall slavery ever be tol-
erated in any territory hereafter to be acquired;
by no deed of his shall the glorious memories of
the past be tarnished, or the bright hopes and pros-
pects of the future be clouded.
Note A, to the Appendix of ninth volume of
Dane's Abridgment.
"The sixth amcle of compact—the slave artiolo—is im-
i {KM'U'CiIy uncU'i stood. It* histoiy: In 378-4, a committee
; consisting ot Mr. Jefferson, Mr. Chase, and Mr. Ilowell, le-
poited it n>> npaitof the plan 17&A. This Congie^s stiuck
out; only two member-*south of Pennsylvania-supported it;
' ail northof Marvland present, voted to pieserve it, so as to
excludc slavery." Tt was imperfect, first, as it admitted sla-
very till the year 3800 ; second, it admitted slavery, in very
considerable parts of the Tointory, (oiever, as will appear
on a critical examination, cfpmallv in the parts owned for
ages by French, Canadian, and oilier inhabitant*, as their
propeitv, provided foi onlv m the ordinance of >87. In this
ordinance of '87, slavery is excluded, from it* date and for-
ever, fioin every pait of the whole <territory of the £TniU d
Suti> noithwe&tofthe nvci Ohio;' over all which the ordi-
nance established government.
" The amended slave article, as it is in the ordinance of
'87, was added on the author's [Mr. Dane's J motion, as the
journals show. Wa-> not reported.''
Bradford, in his Biographical Notice*, ?tiy«: "Nathan
' Pane was a member of Con<rre«? in 1785; and although not
'brilliant as an orator, he. rendered much service on eom-
i nnttees, where he was alike industrious and judicious. It
' wa«s owin# emefly to hi- efforts that Congress made it a
'condition, on the foimation of new States in the North-
< western Trmtory, that slavery should not he allowed there-
< m. Mr Dane was one of the nio«t decided and active in
1 ujuing the condition of this exclusion."
TIIE THREE MILLION BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. BERRIEN,
OF GEORGIA,
Lv the Semate, February 5, 1847.
The Bill appropriating Three Millions of Dollars
to be expended under the direction of the Presi-
dent in negotiating a peace with Mexico, being
under consideration—•
Mr. BERRIEN said:
j Mr. President: I came to the Senate yesterday,
| in the expectation that it might, but with the hope
that it would not, be necessary for me to engage
j in the discussion of this measure at that time,
j Circumstances beyond my control had deprived
j me of an opportunity of making some references
j which were desirable for me. Apart from this, I
1 was suffering from indisposition, which unfitted
! me for such a task. But I was not willing to ask
! a postponement of the special order of the day
! from any merely personal considerations. The
i urgency of the chairman of the Committee of For-
1 eign Relations had admonished me, so far as de-
I pended upon him, of the fate of such an appeal. I
| was not willing, by any action of mine, to subject
J to discussion a question of personal courtesy to
! myself, with the knowledge that its allowance was
to encounter opposition from any one member of
the Senate. My friends around me thought differ-
ently, and I acquiesced in their decision. I thank
them for the feeling which prompted this appeal
on their part, and I offer my respectful acknowl-
edgments to the Senate for the courtesy with which
[ it was received.
I I turn to the consideration of the bill before us.
' It proposes an appropriation not exceeding three
millions of dollars, for the purpose of defraying
any extraordinary expenses which may be incurred
in bringing the war with Mexico to a speedy and
honorable conclusion. Now, sir, with a view t0
bring the war to such speedy and honorable con-
clusion, we have already authorized the President
of the United States to raise an army of upwards
of seventy thousand men. We have placed at his
disposal, in addition to the ordinary revenues of
the Government, more than twenty-eight millions
of money; and now it is asked that we should
make an appropriation of three millions, for the
purpose which is specified in this bill—that is, to
bring this same war to the same speedy and hon-
orable conclusion. This money is to be applied
under his sole, uncontrolled direction, in a manner
which we are left to conjecture, with the aid of the
information imparted to us by the chairman of the
Committee of Foreign Relations; and we are ask-
ed, with ail apparent confidence that the request
would be unhesitatingly complied with, to " let
this bill pass," without debate or discussion, re-
serving for some other occasion the examination
of those interesting questions which present them-
selves to the mind of every Senator, at the moment
when this proposition is made. Sir, this cannot
be. The feelings, the wishes, the just expecta-
tions of the American people, combine to forbid it.
They desire to know—they have a right to know,
so far as we are informed, what is their actual con-
dition in relation to this foreign Power, with which
we are at war. They have a right to know, so far
as we can inform them, what expectations they
may entertain of the probable termination of a
conflict, in which they have been so unexpectedly
involved. In every event, they are entitled to un-
derstand what are the views and opinions of the
National Legislature, in this extraordinary posture
of their affairs.
Sir, in the month of May last—without premo-
nition, without the slightest expectation of such a
result, while peace and prosperity gladdened the
lan(]—the American people were suddenly roused
by the intelligence that hostilities had been com-
menced between the American and Mexican ar-
mies. This transition from peace to war had been
brought about by an order issued under the au-
thority of the President of the United States, act-
ing as commander-in-chief of the American army.
In the first moment of the excitement produced by
the in diligence that hostilities had been commenced,
Congress recognised the existence of the war, and
made provisions for its vigorous prosecution. Ev-
ery demand made by the President for the accom-
plishment of this ob ject has, with a solitary excep-
tion, been promptly acquiesced in. He has been
instantly supplied with every means which he
deemed necessary for the vindication of the na-
tional honor, and thanks to our gallant army, our
national standard has waved in tnumph whenever
and wherever the stars and stripes which emblazon
it have been given to the breeze. The military
character of the nation has been proudly vindicated
by that patriot band.
The army is now in the heart of Mexico. In
the phraseology of the day, which in this instance
at least is consistent with truth, it has covered
itself with glory as with a mantle. If military
fame be that of which we are in search, the world
is our witness that we have nobly won it. Our
patriot soldiers have triumphed in every battle
against every advantage of opposition, against an
apparently overwhelming superiority of numbers,
and Mexico is now beaten, rebuked, stricken down
by an army inferior in numbers, occupying the
heart of her territory, and which she shuns to
meet.
Sir, I repeat it, if this is the glory of which we
are in search, we have won it. But what else have
wegained? What are the rewards of ourehivalry?
How have we advanced the interests of the nation
by advancing our army into Mexico ? What pro-
gress have we made in accomplishing the objects
of the war? Who can tell me, surveying with
whatever minuteness the actual posture of affairs,
who can tell me how much nearer we are to the
termination of this war than we were at its com-
mencement ? Ought this state of things to be con-
tinued? Ought we to limit our efforts to obtain
peace—to secure a prompt, successful, honorable
termination of this war? Ought we to limit those
efforts to the continued exhibition of our military
