1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million BiU—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
prowess? I think not, sir. The path which leads
to peace, plainly and distinctly traced, lies open
before us, and it is only a false sense of'honor, or
a lust of territorial acquisition, reckless of the
blood and treasure necessary to achieve it, and
equally regardless of the discord and internal com-
motion that will be among the earliest fruits of that
acquisition, which can make us forbear to enter
upon it.
Mr. President, I believe that this war may be
speedily brought to a close, by such a conduct on
our part as will manifest to the people of Mexico
our readiness to make peace, on terms which will
involve no dismemberment of their territory, no
sacrifice of their national honor. If this should
fail with them, their refusal would, I think, unite
our own countrymen in the determination at once
to call out a force so overwhelming, as would
promptly terminate the strife. Such a course
would consist with our interest. It would place
us on the elevated position which, as the first free
nation on the globe, we are entitled to occupy be-
fore the civilized world. In the present state of
things, there is, I think, little prospect of peace.
Mexico believes that our demands are so exorbi-
tant, that she cannot yield to them, unless at the
saciifice of her national independence, her national
honor, nay, almost her national existence. Ours
is a war of invasion; hers, one of national defence.
They are defending their domestic firesides, strug-
gling, as they believe, to preserve the independent
station which they have heretofore occupied in the
family of nations. How much progress have we
made in our efforts to remove this impression—to
subdue and overcome the feeling of desperation
which it begets? How much nearer have we ap-
proached to the termination of this war, by all the
victories we have won? Who does not see that
the effect of our military operations, brilliant as
they have been, has been to unite and animate a
distracted people ?—-that the determination of resist-
ance on the part of that people, at the instant in
which I am speaking, is more fixed, more reso-
lute, than at any previous moment of this contest?
And from whencedoes this determination originate?
On what is it founded? Sir, it is in my opinion
the result of the desperation to which the Mexican
Government has been driven, by their belief of
the exorbitance of our demands. It is m myjudg-
ment, the courage of despair. I would take from .'
them this motive to resistance—this stimulus to
united and energetic action—not by the renewal of
overtures of peace which they have refused or
disregarded—not by the present witlulrawal of our
troops from their territory—but by exhibiting,
under a pledge of the national faith, in the high
act of legislation, which is now proposed to our
consideration, a solemn declaration of the modera-
tion of our demands—of our readiness to terminate
this unhappy conilict, without dismembering their
territory—of our willingness to make peace, on j
terms which would secure the just rights and pre- |
serve inviolate the national honor both of the i
United States andof Mexico. Having thus placed I
ourselves in a proper position towards the people 1
of Mexico, and before the world, if this last effort 1
should fail, I would put forth whatever strength is j
necessary to dispose that people to peace. j
Mr. President, it is with these views, that I have j
suggested the amendment which I notified to the !
Senate the other day, which was printed by their
order, and laid on the tables of members. I submit |
it to you now, as a proviso to the bill under con- j
sideration. The question on this motion may be ■
stated at this time, or at the close of the remarks j
which I propose to submit to you, at the pleasure I
of the Chair, and I await your direction to pause, !
or to proceed. _ :
* Mr. CASS here interposed, and submitted an |
amendment to the amendment proposed by Mr. |
Berrien. i
The amendment proposed by Mr. Berrien is :
in these words: ;
"Provided, always, and it is hereby declared to be the ,
true intent ami meaning of Congress m making thus appro- ;
priation, that the war with Mexico ought not to be prosecuted i
by this Government with any view to the dismeinbeirnent !
of that republic, or to the acquisition, by conquest, of any ;
portion of her territory; that this Government, ^ver desirous j
to maintain and preserve peaceful and friendly relations !
with all nations, and particularly with the neighboring j
republic of Mexico, will always, be leady to entei upon j
negotiations with a view to terminate the present unhappy
conflict on terms which shall secure the just rights and pie- I
serve inviolate the national honor of the United States and
of Mexico; that it is especially desirable, in order to main-
tain and preserve those amicable relations which ought
always to exist between neighboring republics, that the
boundary of the State of Texas should be definitively settled,
and that provision be made by the republic of Mexico for
the prompt and equitable adjustment of the just claims of
our citizens on that republic."
The amendment proposed by Mr. Cass, is in
the following words:
" And it is hereby declared to be the true intent and
meaning of Congress, in making this appropriation, that as,
by the act of the republic of Mexico, a state of war exists
between that Government and the United States, agreeably
to the declaration made by act of Congress on the 13th of
May last, therefore the interest and honor of this country
require that the said war should be vigorously prosecuted to
a successful issue; and that a reasonable indemnity should
be obtained from Mexico for the wrongs she has committed
towards the Government and citizens of the United States
" And it is further declared that the nature and extent of
such indemnities arp proper subjects in the first instance lor
Executive consideration, when negotiations for peace may
he opened between this country and Mexico, subject to the
action of the Senate on the question of ratification."
Both amendments having been read, Mr. Ber-
rien proceeded—
Mr. President, the amendment which I have
submitted, and the substitute proposed by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, open the whole question. To
avoid all misapprehension, I desire to say in the
outset, that I am ready to sustain the Executive
department of the Government in the vigorous
prosecution of the war by voting all needful sup-
plies of men and money to bring it to a successful
result, if Mexico, madly regardless of her own in-
terests and the interests of humanity, shall refuse
to terminate this contest on terms which may con-
sist with the honor of that Government and of the
United States. Sir, this principle has regulated
my personal conduct from the commencement of
hostilities with Mexico. I have voted ail the sup-
plies which have been required by the President,
and which have received the sanction of our com-
mittees, with the single exception of the act of the j
13th May, 184fi, and on that bill I did not vote. I ;
did not vole for that bill, because it required me to ;
affirm what, in common with many others, I did 1
not believe to be true. But I did not vote against it, |
for reasons which I will proceed briefly to state. !
It proposed to reinforce and strengthen our gallant I
little army, then on the confines of Mexico, ex-
posed to conflict, with an apparently overwhelming
superiority of numbers. I did not, indeed, share
the apprehensions which were entertained for the
safety of that army; for I had an abiding confidence
in the skill and gallantry of its leaders, in the dis-
cipline and bravery of our soldiery, and in the
patriotism of both. I had read, moreover, the
story of San Jacinto, and had formed my own esti-
mate of the efficiency of a Mexican army, even
under the guidance of its most distinguished chief.
I was quite certain, also, that any measure of in-
tended relief, however hurriedly adopted, would
be too late to afford protection from the impending
danger, if danger existed. Still, as hostilities had
been commenced, I thought that an American army
ought not to be exposed to unequal conflict by the
disparity of their numbers. I desired to see that '
army placed in a condition to vindicate the honor !
of the nation without a wanton and unnecessary !
sacrifice of human hfe,and«efused therefore to vote •
against a bill which proposed to accomplish this i
object. |
I reiterate the expression of the opinion, that the 11
war with Mcxico was unnecessary; that no point 1 j
of national honor would have been yielded by our
forbearance to press our claims upon a sister re- '
public, comparatively feeble, and distracted by j
internal dissensions; that the boundaries of Texas \\
were, by our own declarations, to be the subject of j
negotiation; and that, without a resort to hostili- j1
ties, we could have maintained the integrity of that
State against the power of Mexico, at an expense [i
which sinks into insignificance, when compared j.
with that in which we have been involved. I think 'j
there can be no doubt that this war was entered |
upon by Mexico reluctantly, and under the pres-
sure of real or imagined necessity; that its true
source, its practical origin, is to be found in the !
order to the army to advance from Corpus Christi
to the Rio Grande, on the 13th January, 1846.
The responsibility consequent upon the act of issu-
ing this order is felt by its authors now, and has j
been manifested by the effort which has been made !
to justify it. it is said to have been issued under |
the pressure of the indignities offered to us by
Mexico; the refusal to accredit our minister; her
continued manifestation of hostility, and the then
recent menace of invading Texas. The justifica-
tion thus alleged assumes that this movement was
not premeditated; that the order to effect it was
issued in consequence of circumstances occurring
recently before its date, that is, in January, 1846,
or in the close of the preceding year. Now, sir, I
take from that defence the foundation on which if
rests, by calling the attention of the Senate to the
order of the 15th June, 1845, by which it was then
—at that time—distinctly avowed, that the ultimate
destination of the army was the Rio Grande. This
order was reiterated in the following July, but with
this modification: General Taylor was instructed
by the latter order, that Mexico had certain mili-
tary posts east of the Rio Grande, and that in the
advance of the American army to its ultimate des-
tination on that river, these posts must not be in-
terfered with, tt is thus obvious, that seven months
before the order of January was issued, and even
before the annexation of Texas was completed, the
American Cabinet had determined to occupy, in
force, the disputed territory between the Nueces
and the Rio Grande, and to establish its posts on
the last-mentioned river.
It seemed to me, sir, with these documents be-
fore me, and such I think will be the historic rccord
of the fact, that the war in which we are involved,
was the direct, immediate, practical result of the
order of January, 1846; that the determination to
occupy the disputed territory, and to advance the
American army to the Rio Grande, were formed
and communicated to the American general before
he broke up his position at Corpus Christi, and
that his prudence, not the forbearance of this Gov-
ernment, prevented an earlier collision between
the Ameiican and Mexican forces. It seemed to
me, and such, I think, will be the award of those
who come after us, that the military occupation of
the disputed territory—the advance of the army
to the Rio Grande—the establishment of milita-
ry positions on that river—the erection of a fort
commanding its passage, the guns of which were
pointed on the Mexican town of Matamoros, were
not only clear and manifest indications of hostile
intent on our part, but were open, undisguised acts
of hostility, and that they constitute the real origin
and commencement of this war. Sir, I put the
question to American Senators—I address it to the
American people—whether they would have sub-
mitted to such indignity from any nation under
Heaven ? Let us bring the case home to ourselves.
We have not long since had a controversy, at one
time somewhat menacing in its aspect, in relation
to our northeastern boundary. If, pending that
controversy, Great Britain had taken military pos-
session of the "disputed territory—had advanced
her army to its extieme boundary—had erected
forts,'and pointed her cannon on our contiguous
villages—would we have waited until she had ap-
plied the match to her cannon before we had recog-
nised these acts of hostility, and with united force
repelled the invaders? No, sir, the universal feel-
ing of the American people would have impelled
them to instant resistance; and because Mexico is
now our enemy, shall we complain that her people
participate in the feelings of our common nature?
Such, sir, is the view winch I entertain of the
origin of this war; but it exists—it has been recog-
nised—an(i Congress stands pledged, by the act of
May last, to prosecute it vigorously, and to a suc-
cessful and honorahle conclusion. I am willing
to share the common lot of mv countrymen—to
participate, so far as the duty which devolves upon
me may require it, in the redemption of this pledge.
I am willing, therefore, I repeat it, to vote the men
and the money which may be necessary for the
prosecution of the war—the termination of it by
negotiation—by any honorable means which may
be devised. But when I thus avow my readiness
to strengthen the arm of the President, do I mean
to yield'my judgment unreservedly to his bidding?
To give whatever the President asks, and because
he asks it, or fo refuse, at the hazard of being
charged with want of patriotism? Sir, I do_ not
thus^understand my duty as a Senator of the State
of Georgia. I may not yield to whatever demand
of the Executive, without examination, without
reflection, and but in accordance with the convic-
tions of my judgment. His recommendations in
