1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§P9
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
dent three millions of dollars—to do what? The
answer is, to bring the war with Mexico to a
speedy and honorable conclusion. That is the
sole purpose avowed in the bill. Why, how is
this, sir ? We have already placed at his disposal
nearly thirty millions of money, in addition to the
ordinary revenues of the country. We have sub-
jected to his uncontrolled direction, such portion
of the public force as he has required; and we have
done all this for what purpose? Why, for the
identical purpose which is specified in this bill—to
bring this war to a speedy and honorable conclu-
sion. To bring it to a speedy and honorable con-
clusion how ? By the use of the public money and
the public force? No; these have been already
placed at his disposal. These must be considered
by him as insufficient to accomplish this purpose, or
he would not ask for these additional means. But
he does ask for them. He wants these three mil-
lions for the accomplishment of this selfsame ob-
ject, in some other way. The open, manly, vig-
orous exertion of the public force—the ordinary
use of the public treasure, do not suffice. Some
other means must be resorted to. And now, sir,
I venture to ask, what are those means? What
arc those " extraordinary" expenses, to defray
which, this money is to be applied ?
Sir, we have hitherto held Mexico in such con-
tempt, as a military power, that our determination
has been publicly avowed to conquer the pcace
which we desire. Ay, to "conquer peace"—no-
thing else would suffice. This, it was said, our
army would promptly accomplish; and disappoint-
ment is already felt at the delay of the anticipated
revels of our legions in the halls of the Montezu-
mas." What now—do we doubt our ability to
conquer peace, with seventy thousand armed men
and thirty millions of treasure ? Do we doubt this,
and confessing our inability to conquer peace, by
the use of the public force, are other means to be re-
sorted to for its attainment ? Abandoning the idea
of conquering peace, do we now mean to " buy our
peace" from Mexico? Are Senators, in whatever
part of this chamber, willing to unite in an act
of legislation by which they will announce to the
world, that after months of conflict with the public
enemy, we have found that it is easier to buy peace
than to conquer it, and, therefoie, that we have
appropriated thiee millions of dollars, to be dis-
tributed among the Mexican rulers, at the discre-
tion of the President, to induce them to make peace
with us ? Is that your proposal—that the annun-
ciation which the Senate of the United States are
willing to send forth to the world? Sir, in the
history of this Republic no such blot yet rests
upon the national escutcheon. We have met and
braved the perils of a protracted war with the most
powerful nation on the globe; but we did not seek
to buy peace from Great Britain. The statesmen of
that day, our patriotic citizens, the gallant soldiers
who did battle for their country in that arduous
struggle,"sought strength and found it, in the jus-
tice of their cause, and iclied on their strong arms
and stout hearts to vindicate their country's rights.
Sir, they had another reliance. I know not5> if I
shall subject myself to the imputation of cant either
from a rabid press, or an excited opponent, if I
call your attention to one of the acts of the Con-
gress of 1812. It may be so. There may be those
who cannot enter into the feelings which prompted
the resolution to which I am about to refer, or who
cannot share with me the sentiment of admiration
whieh I gladly yield to it. Be it so. The act is
recorded in your statute book, and I read it. Be-
fore the session in which war was declared against
Great Britain had expired, this resolution was
passed.
It bem^n. duly peculiarly incumbent in a time of public
calamity ami war, humbly and devoutly tn acknowledge our
dependence on Almighty God. and to implore his aid ; there-
fore,
" Resolved hy the Senate avd House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That a
iomt committee ot both Houses wait on the President of the
United Btate-s, and request that he recommend a day of pub-
lic humiliation and piaycr, to be observed bv the people of
the United States with religions solemnity, and the ofleiins
of fervent supplications to'Almighty God, for the safety and
welfare of these States, hU Westing on their arm?, and the
speedy restoration of peace."
Sir, the statesmen of that day sought peace
through the perils of the battle-field—in the strife
of war, of open, manly conflict. Their strong
arms and stout hearts were prompt to vindicate
their country's rights—and with an unwavering
confidence in the justice of their cause, they could
bow down before the God of their fathers, and
invoke "his blessing on their arms." But this
sense of dependence upon God was accompanied
with a proud feeling of independence towards their
fellow-men. The men of that day would never
have consented to buy their peace. Then, the max-
im was " millions for defence, (ay, and in a just
cause for offence too,) but not a cent for tribute;"
and shall we tarnish the glories of Palo Alto, of
Resaca de la Palma, and of Monteiey, by buying
our peace from a stricken foe ?
Mr. President: This is one aspect of this ques-
tion. The inquiry recurs: What are the objects
to be accomplished by the use of this money ? We
are told that our national honor is involved. If by
national honor, you mean your readiness, and
your ability, to assert your rights on the battle-
field, I have already said that purpose is accom-
plished. But if "not, is the honor of the nation to
be redeemed by money given to the public enemy?
Consider with what purposes wc entered into this
war. We met, as we allege, the hostility of Mexi-
co. But the objects which we sought to accom-
plish were—the enforcement of the pecuniary claims
of our countrymen—the settlement of the bounda-
ries of Texas—and it may be, to manifest our re-
sentment for the refusal of Mexico, to accredit M r.
Slidell. Now, m relation to the first of these, we
are entitled to receive money, not to pay it. We do
not mean to pay them to induce them to pay to our
citizens the amount of their claims. If that be the
object, a much shorter and surer process might be
adopted, by assuming these claims, and thus as-
suring their payment, which might be rendered
very questionable, if the amount should pass un-
der this bill, into the hands of the Mcxican Gov- :
ernment. The appropriation required by this bill
is not, therefore, necessary to the accomplishment
of the first of these purposes. Then, as to the
second, the settlement of the boundary of Texas, j
I agree that this is a question open to negotiation i
between the two countries, and for that very rea- i
son, I maintain that it was not a cause of war. I
agree that the attainment of a proper and desirable
boundary for the State of Texas, may impose upon
us the obligation to make pecuniary compensation
to Mexico, for the relinquishment of her claims;
and 1 am perfectly willing that a proper compen-
sation shall be made for such relinquishment.
The boundaries of the department of Texas, as
these were recognised by Mexico, when Texas
constituted an integral part of the republic of Mexi-
co, and as they are claimed by the State of Texas,
are widely different,. If by negotiation with Mexi-
co, we can reconcile these conflicting claims, if we
can thus extend the limits of Texas to the Rio
Grande, I am perfectly content to do so, and to
pay to Mexico what she can reasonably demand.
But the amount to be so paid, is, I apprehend, to
be paid in virtue of the stipulations of a treaty,
whieh shall secure the accomplishment of the ob-
ject, and is not to be distributed among the Mexi-
can rulers, or paid m advance to the Mexican Gov-
ernment, to procure a such treaty.
There is a remaining object, which I have sup-
posed may have been a^iong the purposes which
we sought to accomplish by this war, and that is
to obtain an apology for the indignity offered to
us, by the icfusal to receive our Minister. Mi.
President, at the moment when Mr. Slidell arrived,
and presented his credentials, and claimed to be
received, the Government of Herrera was tottering
to its full. He did not dare to receive our Minis-
ter. I think it is obvious that such an act would
have been utterly inconsistent with his safety. I
am equally indisposed to hold the people of Mex-
ico responsible for the like refusal, on the part of
the military usurper who succeeded him, since he
and his acts were soon after repudiated by that
people. But admitting that we had a right to do
this, still the refusal to receive a Minister is not a
legitimate cause of war. It is at most an evidence
of an unfriendly disposition on the part of Mex-
ico; or if it be considered as an indignity, do you
mean to purchase an apology for this indignity, by
the use of these three millions r
Mr. President, we are told that this money is
not to be employed in the fulfilment of a treaty to
. be entered into with Mexico, but in ad vane c, to
dispose the rulers of Mexico to enter into such a
treaty. Now I submit to the Senate, that this is
new principle in American diplomacy. In the his-
tory of our multiplied and varied negotiations with
foreign nations, I apprehend no instance can be
found in which the national legislature has appro-
priated money for a purpose like this. I do not
understand that this money is to he applied- in
payment of any cession which Mexico may make,
and after the treaty is made, but that .it is to be
placed at the disposal of the President, in the hope
that by a proper and ingenious use of it, he may
dispose the hearts of the Mexican rulers to make
peace with us.
Mr. Sevier. Will the Senator allow me?
Mr. Berrien. Oh! certainly.
Mr. Sevier. I do not suppose that any other
Senator, except the Senator from Geoigia, under-
stood my remarks so. I expressly said, that these
three millions of money were wanted for the pur-
pose of making an advance in part purchase of a
cession of country; that, having done so, the ces-"
sion would be effected for the purpose of indemni-
fying us, in part paying the expenses of the war,
and part acquiring of Upper California and New
Mexico.
Mr. Berrien. Mr. President, the Senator from
Arkansas has the perfect right—it is cheerfully
accorded to him—to insist upon his own under-
standing of the language which he used in the
opening debate. I understand it in no other form—
I will understand it in no other form, than that
which he chooses to give it.
Mr. Sevier. Will the Senator quote the re-
marks ?
Mr. Berrien. I will endeavor to do it, if the
paper be handed me; but as some apology for the
misapprehension—so I must regard it after his ex-
planation—into which I had fallen, I ask the Sen-
ate to consider that it was expressly stated by the
Senator from Arkansas, that he was not authorized
to say to what extent the Government would re-
quire a cession by way of indemnity, but he sup-
posed that the cession of New Mexico and Upper
California (Mr. Sevier—exactly) was the least
whieh any Senator would believe they were enti-
tled to receive by way of indemnity for the ex-
!! penses of the war.
Mr. Sevier. It is all right, except the indem-
nity.
Mr. Berrien. Very well. If that is the least
which we can receive from Mexico, which any
Senator will think we are entitled to reccive, how
can it be otherwise than for indemnity? Are we
entitled to reccive anything from Mexico by pur-
chase? There are two parties to a contract. If
Mexico chooses to sell, when we choose to buy, it
is a business tiansaclion. But when we speak of
! our right to receive—of the least -which n*e have a
| right to receive—we speak of a right founded upon
i a preexisting state of things. And what preexist-
i ing state of things do we mean, hut the expenses
■ incurred in the war, and our right to receive indem-
nity for them? Now, I do not understand the chair-
man of the Committee of Foreign Relations to with-
hold his assent to the statement, that this money is
to be employed in disposing the Mexican rulers to
enter into such a tieaty—"thai is, a tieaty for the
cession of New Mexico and Upper California. I
do not understand the Senator to deny his state-
ment, that thi'? money was to be appropriated to
dispose the Mexican rulers to enter into such a
i treaty.
Mr. Sevier. I hope when the Senator comments
! upon my speech,-he will comment upon what I
! said. 1 said that the money was wanted for the
; purpose of making peacc—and by a treaty; that it
j was not secret-service money—which the Senator
i has got throughout his speech—but of which a re-
| turn was to be made by the President—and which
; he has told openly before the world. I said the
money was to be used in bringing; the wiirfoa close.
I consider the honor of the country, and the inter-
est of the country required a part of Mexico, as in-
: demnity,to pay a part of the expenses of the war in
the first place, and a payment of our claims in the
I second; and to effect these two objects, the cession
; of territory would be necessary; because every-
body knows that Mexico lias no money, and that
: territory would be thus requned. I said I was not
| authorized to say how much territory; but that no
i Senator would take less than New Mexico and
I California. These were my remarks, in substance.
