1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
by distinctly avowing, in the opening debate on
this bill, that such is the purpose of the President;
that our demands on Mexico should be moderate;
but that the minimum of that demand should be the
cession of New Mexico and Upper California.
Mr. Sevier. I have said so. That is my opinion.
Mr. Berrien. So I understood the Senator. I
do not contest his right to entertain that opinion.
What I deny is, the correctness of the assertion
that there is no Senator who does not think that
that is the least which we ought to take. But to
the claim. With this understanding of the object
to which these three millions are to be applied, I
ask Senators to cast their eyes over the map of that
republic to see what portion of her territory it is
intended to wrest from her by this minimum of our
very moderate demand. An examination of the
map will show that these two departments embrace
at least one-third of the Mexican territory-—that it
comes below the 32d parallel of latitude, and em-
braces a country whose variety of soil and of cli-
mate fits it for both free and slave labor. Now,
sir, as a man enjoying the proud title of an Ameri-
can citizen, as a Christian man, looking to the
responsibilities as well as* to the privileges of that
character, I ask, can this be done consistently with
the national honor? I inquire again, can it be done
consistently with the national interest? Can we
expect otherwise than by bribery or by force to
induce Mexico to submit to such a sacrifice?
Can ive do this consistently with our national honor ?
Mr. President, we are at the head of the free Gov-
ernments of the world, destined, I trust, in the
providence of God, to demonstrate the capacity of
man for self-government. To those of this western
continent we stand in a peculiar relation. Mexico
is our neighbor—a sister republic—introduced by
us into the family of nations—with a constitution
modelled after our own—she is following in our
steps, guided by our example, and striving to imi-
tate it.
More than twenty millions of free people are
ranged under the stars and stripes of our Union.
The population of Mexico does not amount to
a moiety of that number.
In all the knowledge, which, whether in peace
or war, imparts strength to numbers, we are still
more her superior.
This is true of our resources of every description.
We have a settled Government. The voice of the
civil magistrate, issuing from this capital, is heard
and obeyed throughout the wide extent of this
republic. She is distracted by factions, passing in
quick succession, from the misrule of one, to that
of another of her military tyrants—reduced to a
decree of feebleness, which we are about to assume
as "the basis of our legislation, is such that her Gov-
ernment has not strength to fulfil the stipulations
of a treaty, without the aid which we propose to
give her, by the advance of these three millions of-
money.
With such means at our command—m the con-
sciousness ofourown strength, and with the knowl-
edge of her weakness, to attack,'or admitting her
to be the aggressor, to pursue her, with fire and
sword, to the extremity of dismembering, by wrest-
i n g from her one-third of her territory) as an iii-
* demmty for the expenses we incur in the alleged
vindication of our national honor, would, in my
judgment, be a stain upon the real honor of the na-
tion, far more to be deplored than disaster and de-
feat in the most sanguinary conflict. That might
be remedied. The reputation of our arms would be
promptly redeemed by the gallantry of our army.
But what time, what deeds of chivalry could wipe
out the blot, could efface the stain which would
rest upon the hitherto unsullied banner of this
great republic, if in the fulness of our strength, and
of her weakness, we should plunge into the heait
of Mexico to gratify a sordid lust for the acquisi-
tion of territory, under pretence of vindicating the
national honor? Sir, if the national honor be not
already vindicated, take, so tar as it may depend
upon my vote, whatever of men or of money may
^ be necessary to accomplish it. But I pi otest against
mingling with this nobler feeling the lust of ac-
quiring our neighbor's domain. ^Ye can vindicate
our national honor, and pay our own expenses in
doing it, rather than extort them from a feeble, dis-
tracted, impoverished people.
The second inquiry which I have proposed is, can
we wrest this territory from Mexico consistently with our
national interest ? I have no idea of national interest
secured at the expense of national honor; but this
consideration apart, would the acquisition of this
territory consist with our interest ? Consider it as
already acquired, either by money or by force, and
I hope Senators who urge the acquisition are pre-
pared to answer this question, Haw will you dispose
of it ? Consider it as already yours, and then tell
me, what will you do with it?
Will you expel the present inhabitants, and settle
the vacant territory, by emigrants from this, or
foreign countries ? You may not do this. The
law of nations forbids it. The indignation of the
civilized world would be aroused by the atrocity
of such an act. The moment these territories are
subjected to your dominion, whether by purchase,
or by conquest, they become entitled to your pro-
tection.
Will you govern them as subject provinces ? You
will find no warrant for this in the Constitution of
the United States. Our military possession will
terminate with the war, and with it, the fair fab-
rics of Government, erected by our constitution-
making generals and commodores, will tumble
into ruin. These provinces, wrested from Mexico
by the force of our arms, will again become part
of that Republic, or will be subjected to your do-
minion, and will subject you to the dominion of
your own Constitution, in prescribing rules for
their government.
What then ? If you may not depopulate them
—if you may riot govern them as subject pro-
vinces—will you exercise the power which the
Constitution confers upon you, and which was
conferred obviously with a view to the then exist-
ing territories of the United States, will you gov-
ern them as territories, whose inhabitants will of
course instantly become citizens of the United
States, and entitled when they have attained to the
requisite number, to the privilege of being admit-
ted as States of this Union? Are you willing to
put vour birthright into the keeping of the mon-
grel races who inhabit these territories, by incor-
porating them into this Union ? For myself, I am
not. I protest against this amalgamation. .\'on
hrer in feeders. Twill not enter into these bonds.
I will not thus sacrifice my own birthright. I will
not thus destroy the hopes of my children. Do not
doubt, sir, that this declaration will be responded
to, from the remotest extremities of this Union.
For what, then, are we contending? Whence
this sacrifice, this wanton sacrifice of the blood and
treasure of the nation ? Why dim the bright es-
cutcheon of this young republic, by a cupidity,
the absolute gratification of which, would be worse
than useless? Sir, that presents another, and a
fearful aspect of this question. Consider, I be-
seech you, what are the consequences, to which
this lust for the acquisition of territory is leading
you. When you have acquired these territories,
how will you surmount the difficulties, which w!I
necessarily attend their possession ? You cannot,
consistently with the Constitution, govern them as
subject provinces. You cannot, consistently with
what you owe to yourselves, incorporate a inoii-
| gi-el race, a half-civilized people, into the Federal
i TJnion. But suppose yon could—then comes that
1 fearful question, which rSore than any other, men-
1 aces the duration, the permanence of the Union.
| Do you believe that any treaty which may be ne-
! gotiated with Mexico, by which territory may be
I acquired, can receive the sanction of this body,
| leaving the question of slavery open—providing for
i its allowance—or excluding it ? I appeal to Amer-
' lean Senators from whatever portion of the Union,
will you slumber on your posts, while this dis-
tracting question is thrust into our council cham-
' ber ? My appeal to southern Senators, is yet more
' direct anil pressing. I ask if their duty to their
i constituents, does not imperatively demand, that
; they should withhold their assent from any treaty,
I which does not protect, by express stipulations,
' the domestic institutions and interests of those
i whom they represent? Consider the consequen-
II ces of our infidelity. If, under the influence of
whatever motive, we should acquicscc m the ac-
quisition of territory, without such a stipulation as
would secure the interests of our constituents, the
inevitable consequence would be their exclusion
from all participation in the territory thus acquired.
Inevitably, with the certainty of fate, this exclu-
sion would follow.
Sir, the process is easy—simple—obvious—un-
deniable. On the question of the admission of the
territory as a State, the numerical superiority of
the free States would hold us in chains. We could
not hope to secure to our constituents, their con-
stitutional right to participate in the benefit of an
acquisition made by the united efforts of all, unless
they agree in advance to surrender a portion of
their property, the en joyment of which is guaran-
tied by the Constitution. It especially behooves
us then, as representatives of the South, sternly to
oppose all acquisition of territory, because it is
quite certain that the treaty of cession will not stip-
ulate for the protection of our peculiar interests—
and because it is quite as certain, that without
such a stipulation—if the allowance or inhibition
of slavery be suffered to remain an open question,
the right to settle in such territory with property
of this description, will be denied to the South.
But I do not limit my appeal to southern Sena-
tors. I address myself to Senators from whatever
quarter of the Union, especially to those from the
States where slavery does not exist; I appeal to
them as American Senators, and I adjure them by
their recollections of thCpast, by their hopes of
the future—as they value the free institutions which
the mercy of Providence permits us to enjoy—by
all these considerations, I entreat them to unite
with us in excluding from the national councils
this demon of discord. The acquisition of terri-
tory, which it is proposed to accomplish by this
bill, must bring upon us, with accumulated force,
a question which even now menaces the perma-
nence of our Union. I know the firmness of your
determination to exert your constitutional powers
to prevent the extension of our domestic institu-
tions. I know the various considerations which
unite to constitute that determination, and to give
to it its unyielding irrevocable character. I do not
mean to discuss this question with you—still less
to speak in the language of menace. That is alike
forbidden by my respect for myself, for you, and
for the dignity and the interests of my constituents;
but I entreat you to '-listen to truth, dispassion-
ately, calmly announced to you.
Your determination to deny this right to the
South is not more fixed and unwavering than theirs
to assert it. You do not believe that southern men
will silently acquiesce in—will tamely submit to
the denial to them, of that which in their deliberate
judgment is the common right of all the people of
the United States. If we have a light to acquiie
territory—if that acquisition be made by the com-
mon effort of all the States—by the blood and
treasure of all—if all have a common right to
share, what all have united to acquire, then the
exclusion of the South must result in one of two
things. They must give an unexampled manifes-
tation of their devotion to the bond of our Federal
Union, by submitting to this exclusion, or sadly,
though resolutely determine, at whatever hazard,
and even against you their brothers in tbat sacred
bond, to assert and maintain their rights. You
know them well enough to know, which of these
alternatives they will adopt. I do most earnestly
hope thnf we may never be brought to so fearful a
crisis. The danger menaces us even now; but the
patriotism and intelligence of the American people
will, I trust, avert it—will tcach us, and will teach
you, that our safety, that your safety, that the
common safety of all alike, forbid the acquisition
of territory, if we would continue to enjoy the
precious legacy which has been transmitted to us
—a rich, almost boundless domain—capable of
ministering to all our wants—of gratifying all our
desires—and a glorious Constitution, which a
world in arms would vainly nssail while we rally
round it in our united. strength.
A word on the remaining question which I have
proposed. Can you hope, by whatever means,
; and without a wanton sacrifice of blood and treas-
■ ure, to force Mexico to submit to this sacrifice?
p Consider: These people are defending their homes
l! and their firesides—their wives, and children, and
ij household gods—whatever is dear to savage or to
Si civilized man. But force is not the object of this
!1 bill. Money, not the sword, is the weapon to be
ij used. It is to be advanced to the Mexican Gov-
ernment—some portion of it, I presume, (certainly
it will be in the power of the President to do so,)
to be distributed among the Mexican rulers. Will
it consist with national honor, thus to influence
