302
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 29,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Increase of the Revenue—Mr. Payne.
IIo. of Reps.
them to betray their country? Will you-avow it
to the world, otherwise than in the general and
equivocal terms of this bill? Can you acknowl-
edge it to the American people? Will they justify
an acquisition of territory by dishonorable means?
Oppressed as they will be, by the weight of taxes
consequent upon this war, will it enable them to
bear their burden with more cheerfulness, to reflect
that these taxes were imposed to pay for an acqui-
sition of territory, which will introduce discord into
our councils, perhaps leading to civil wars, and all
the horrors of disunion.
It may be asked, what then is my position?
Do I mean to recommend the abandonment of the
^advantages we have gained—the termination of
the war, without the accomplishment of the pur-
poses for which it was entered upon ? Sir, that is
not my counsel. I have stated distinctly the terms
on which I am willing to concur in the vigorous
prosecution of this war—I have said that we are
entitled to a proper security for the payment of nil
just claims of our citizens on the Government of
Mexico, although I confess I do not think that the
forbearance to press these claims, to the extent
of dipping Mexican boncfe in Mexican blood, would
haveinvolved any sacrifice of nationaLhonor. Still
I hold that we are entitled to such security for
their payment as will be satisfactory to us. 1 hold
it to be desirable to settle the boundaries of Texas
on just and liberal principles, as contemplated by
the lesolution of annexation, and the declarations
of our Government. I have already stated my
views on this subject, but I repeat that I am willing
to take, in behalf of Texas, whatever the Mexican
Government is disposed to yield, and to pay a fair
equivalent, But I am not willing to wrest from
her any portion of her territory, either by force or
by corruption; nor, for all the reasons which I have
stated before, to acqune any part of it, but what
may be necessary to secure a convenient boundary
to Texas. There is, however, one other purpose,
which I would be willing to sec accomplished in a
treaty of peace—and that is, the cession by Mexi-
co, of such port on the Pacific, as would give in-
creased facility to our commerce; such acquisition
to be made with her free consent, for a satisfactory
equivalent, and to be connected with the territory
which we already possess in that region.
f am willing to give the money requhed for pur-
poses like th<;sc. Take it, so far as may depend
upon mo, hut rake it with the pledge to Mexico,
and (o the world, that you do not propose to dis-
member her—that you die leady to negotiate with
her, on terms winch may consist with your n<rhth,
and with her rights?—with your honor, and with
her honor. Take it with the disavowal of your
purpose to unite with the President in stripping
her of territory, to defray the expenses of the war—
by a distinct annunciation of your own more man-
ly and more liberal views. Limit your demands
to the payment of your claims—to a just and
equitable settlement of the boundaries of Texas.
Let Mexico and the world understand that the
national honor of the. United Slates is vindicated by
the national arm, and at the national expense.
I have now proposed to you the withdrawn! of
your troops—the renewal of your negotiations—
the relaxation of your efforts to "cow/uer peace."
1 ask you to relieve yourselves from ihe imputa-
tion of prosecuting tins war against a neighboring
republic, feeble, when her strength is compared
with yours, for purposes not required by the honor
of the nation, but to minister to cupidity, to gratify
a lust for the acquisition of territory. l>ut°your-
xrlvcs light before the world. If this be conces-
sion, you arc strong and can afford to make it to
iisjtncken ioe. It is the part of wisdom as well
os of magnanimity; for you will thus take from
Mexico the courage of despair, wluch now unites
and animates her people. Do this; and if the in-
fatuation of Mexican counsels shall induce the.m to
prolong the strife—to refuse the proffered boon of
peace—to rush madly on their doom—then strike
foi that peace which conciliation cannot obtain,
and "God defend the right!"
Shj I do but express to you what I believe to
be the opinions of my constituents, and of a ma-
jority of the American people, when I say to you
that we have been unwisely, unnecessarily in-
volved in this war; nay, more, that we have been
so involved by an Executive usurpation of a power
which the Constitution devolves upon Congress I
alone. But I believe, also, that I express to you
the feeling ofthat people, in the further declaration,
that since war exists, and has been recognised by
Congress, they are willing, with heart and hand,
to pursue it vigorously to a successful issue; and I
am sure that I very imperfectly convey to you the
indignant feeling with which they would utterly
lepudiate the proposal to dismember a neighboring
republic, for the purpose of paying the expenses
of a war waged for the vindication of our national
honor.
I am entirely sensible of the responsibility which
I have assumed by proposing this amendment—
prepared, if it must be so, to meet the excitement,
perhaps the discourtesy of debate; and from past
experience, the rabidness of the press. These,
things will pass me as the idle wind. I would feel
that I had lived in vain, if, in the discharge of my
duty, as an American Senator, I could not express
fully, freely, unreservedly, the convictions of my
judgment.
Sir, the President of the United States is, in fact,
responsible for having originated this war, and that
by an abuse of power; but we—that is, Congress—
have recognised it, and have, therefore, assumed a
responsibility for its conduct, and thfe objects with
which it is prosecuted, of which we cannot divest
ourselves. "We are responsible in the sight of
Heaven, and before the civilized world. The first
consideration will, I fear, be considered too remote
to influence us; and wc will escape the reproaches
of the world by retorting accusation. Does Eng-
land charge us with oppression? We point to
India, and laugh at her rcproaches. Is France our
accuser? We turn to Algeria, and eulogize the
proud spirit of the Arab chief. Do the great Powers
of the continent venture to reproach us? We whisper
in their ears the name of Cracow, and bid them be
silent. Sir, these answers may suffice; they ought
to suffice to silence our accusers; but will they
enable us to stand at the tribunal of our own con-
sciences, in the integrity of conscious virtue?, A
strong man, battling with a child, and seizing his
playthings by way of indemnity, is that the pic-
ture which conscience will present to us ? „
But, sir, there is a responsibility, direct, imme-
diate, which may not be disregarded, which we are
compelled to recognise. He is recreant from all
the duties of an American Senator, of an Ameri-
can citizen, who will not obey its behests. Jt is
our reponsibiUty to our immediate constituents—to the
American people. To them, we must render an
account of the origin of this war, of the manner
in which it is conducted, of the purposes for which
it is prosecuted. That people, sii, are awake to
these inquiries. The excitement of feeling, pro-
duced by the first intelligence from the Rio Grande,
has given place to reflection. In the fervor of that
feeling, they did not stop to inquire into the indig-
nity offered to Mexico, by the occupation of a
disputed territory—of a territory which we our-
selves had admitted to be the subject of negotia-
tion—of the ercction of a fort on the eastern bank
of the Itio Grande, and the pointing of our cannon
on the town of Matamoros. All this was forgot-
ten in the cxcitement of the moment. American
blood bad been shed, and it must be avenged.
They arc calmer now. That feeling has been ap-
peased. Whatever indignity was offered by Mexi-
can officers to Ameucan arms has been washed
out by Mfxicnn blood, which flowed so copiously
at Palo Alto, Resaca dc la PaJma, and at Monterey.
Great God! is not this sufficient atonement to
Christian men ? Sir, the indignity has been expi-
ated: and now the inquiries are, with what views
is tins war still prosecuted> With what object
has our army been pushed into the heart of Mex-
ico ? _ What do you expect to gain, which it may
consist with your honor, or even with your inter-
est, to receive ? For what practical puiposes—for
what attainable objects—to what end, useful and
honorable to the United States, is that army main-
tained there, and still urged onward, at such an
expense of blood and treasure, loading ns with a
national debt, to be redeemed by a burdensome
taxation, and involving a wanton sacrifice of the
lives of our patriotic citizens, who have flocked to
the national standard? Will you go befoie the
American people, gallant, generous, noble-minded,
as you know they are, and tell them the national
honor has been redeemed; the shed blood of our
people has been avenged by the gallantry of our
army; and that now we are fighting to despoil a
stricken foe of such portion of her territory as may
indemnify us for the expense of vindicating our honor ?
Believe ine, they will reject the appeal with scorn
and indignation. The inquiries which I have pre-
sented will be reiterated in your ears—not, per-
haps, by politicians—certainly not by party presses
—assuredly not by those ardent spirits who, tired
of the dull pursuits of civil life, seek military glory
at whatever cost; but they will be made by the
patriotic yeomanry—by the merchant, the me-
chanic, the manufacturer, by men of all occupa-
tions—by the moral, religious, conservative por-
tion of our countrymen—constituting in numbers
a proportion of the American people whose voice
may not be disregarded. They will call upon you
to consider that within two short years you found
this people free, prosperous, and happy, with every
department of industry flourishing, with an ample
revenue, and at peace with the world, and they
will point to the condition to which you have re-
duced us.
Mr. President, in the bustle of the public mart,
in the quiet retirement of the domestic fireside,
these inquiries and these reflections now press
upon the minds of our countrymen, with a force
and intensity which I have no power to express,
and I pray Senators to receive, in the spirit in
which it is offered, the warning which I give them,
that they, and that I must answer them.
INCREASE OP THE REVENUE.
SPEECH OF MR. WM. W. PAYNE,
OF ALABAMA,
In the House op Representatives,
January 99, 1847.
The Navy Appropriation Bill being under con-
sideration—
Mr. PAYNE addressed the committee as fol-
lows: •'
Mr. Chairman: On yesterday I felt a good deal
of solicitude, to address the House; but failing to
obtain the floor, I confess, on this morning, I fuel
much less anxiety on the subject.
Before I«proceed further, I send to the Clerk's
table an amendment which I desire should be read,
and which I shall move as an additional section to
the bill under consideration at the proper time.
The amendment was then read by the Clerk:
" Be it further cnarlccl, That from am! after the piHsa e of
this act, thcio sliali be laid dud collected (under the limita-
tions and restrictions of the laws now m force for tho col-
lection of icvenue) a duty of thirty per cent, advaloiem
upon all impoifed uitides, bullion and coin excepted, not
by the bill lor raiding revenue, approved Au"u"«t,
]b4o." * '
That is the amendment I design to offer at the
proper time, and discuss before I take my scat; but,
for the present, I have a word or two to say upon
other topics.
It is certainly a little remarkable, that no prop-
osition can be submitted to the consideration of
Congress, in resard to the prosecution of tiie exist-
ing war with Mexico, which does not produce a
party debate.^ In all of those discussions, the bit-
terest denunciations of the Executive are indulged
111; all of the epithets malignity can suggest, or
sagacity devise, are unscrupulously applied to him.
The wrath of infuriated opposition, like a storm,
gathering strength in its progress, threatens to de-
teat all his efforts to conduct the vessel of suite into
the haven of safety. Is this an object of ambition
worthy of a patriotic Opposition ? Is it not your
country as well as ours> If your efforts should
result m the defeat of our arms and disgrace of our
country, will you not suffer, in reputation arid feel-
ing, as much as wc shall; tind will you he sruililrss
of the causes of the disaster ^ What has the Pres-
ident done, that the invaluable time of this brief
sessjon of Congress should be lost in idle speeches
denunciatory of him? You say he made the war.
"It is tiie President's war," &c. I deny it; Con-
gress proclaimed the war. But suppose it were true
that it is the President's war; you have already
denounced him throughout the width and breadth
of the republic for it. Is not that enough r War
now ra«;cs with all its evils and its horrors. Many
stricken hearts bleed in silent anguish at the loss
of husbands, fathers, brothers, and sons Does
