304
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fJan. 29,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Increase of the. Revenue—Mr. Payjie
Ho. of Reps.
If the proposition of the gentleman from New
Yoik had prevailed, it would have amounted to a
denial of any additional men for the prosecution of
the war. Why so ? The President had J/ien, and
has now, under existing laws, authority to call iqto
service fifty thousand volunteers. This power
had not been exhausted. He required no addi-
tional authority to raise volunteers. It already
existed to the "most ample extent. The proposi-
tion of the gentleman from New York defeated in
committee by one vote only, amounted, therefore,
to just nothing at all, except to say to the Presi-
dent, We will not allow you the kind of force you
deem necessary for the public servicc.
The bill, however, passed this House autho-
rizing the President to raise the regular force he
desired, and was sent to the Senate for concurrence,
where it now is. Whether it will ever pass into
a law, we know not. Perhaps at some future day,
when the patriotism of that august body shall
have aroused from its slumbers, the President may
be allowed the force he deems necessary to a suc-
cessful prosecution of the war. But I must be
permitted to add that I greatly fear the passage of
that bill will be delayed to a period so late in the
season that a fall instead of a spring campaign will
be forced upon us in Mexico. If that should be
the case, the consequences will be most unfortu-
nate to the brave officers and men belonging to the
army. More of them will fall victims to the peri-
odical diseases of the climate than will perish by
the arms of the enemy. This delay, sir, is not the
kind of support, in the prosecution of the war,
which the Executive desires or the country expects
at the hands of Congress.
Sir, I proceed now to another measure which
has signally failed for want of legislative action.
In the same message of the Executive from which
I have already quoted, there arc the following sug-
gestions and lecommendatioiis:
(i Additional officeis, as well as men, then, become indis-
pensable. Under the eiicuin^tances of our service, a pecu-
Hat propriety exists for  uciea«ing the officers, especially in
the higher guides. Tiie number of such officers who, from
as;e ami other causes, are rendered incapable of active ser-
vice in the field, has scriou&l> unpahed the efiicicncy of the
army.
" From the report of the Secretary of War, it appears that
about two-third5! of the whole, regimental field ollicer* arc
either permanently disabled, or are ne<;es-,arily detached
from their commands on other diKie.-. The loiiif enjoyment
of peace iia-5 pievented ih fiom evpeiicwim* much embai-
ra^meut from il)i\ eati-o; but mnv, in a slate of wai, con-
ducted in a lorciffn countiy, it iias pioduccd serious injury
to the public service.
uAn etikient organization of the army, composed of rcg-
nlats apd \ohintoei<;, wlnl-t pio*ecutin<r the war m Mexico,
it is believed, would require the appointment of a general
o/liccr to take command ol all oui military forces in the
field.
" Upon the conclusion of the war, the services of such an
olficei would no longer be neces-aiy, and should be dis-
pensed with upon the reduction of the army to a peace es-
tablishment.
aI recommend that piovision be made by law foi the
appointment of such a general officer, to serve duiing the
war.
" It i« respectfully recommended that early action should
he had by Congress upon the sug'^tstion submitted foi their
consideration, as nece>.-aiy to insure active and efficient
f-ervieem pio^ecufinp' the war betoie the present favorable
season foi military operations in the enemy's country shall
have passed*away."
I pass over other recommendations contained in
this extract from the President's message, with the
view of calling attention more directly to that par-
agiapli asking Congress for authority to appoint a
lieutenani-general. In support of the propriety of
such authority, the President gives the very best
of all possible reasons—"the efficient oiganization
of the army" requires such an appointment. I
repeat, tins is the very strongest of all reasons.
How has Congress responded ? The chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, on the next
day, (if I mistake not the date,) rises in his place,
and without offering- a reason, or (so far as the
record shows, or the House has any knowledge)
without even considenng in committee the Presi-
dent's recommendation, submitted the following
report:
"Mr. Speaker : X am directed l?v tlie Committee on Mili-
tary Aflairs, to whom iva5 referred the communication of
tne i lesident of the United State*, recommending, among
ottH'i tlurigi, that provwon be made by law for theaupomt-
a general oftiecr to take command of all our military
lord's m the field, to a k to be discharged ftom the further
?f a,° muoh 'Hereof as relates to that subject,
ana that it be laid upon the table.'7
This report was concurred in by the House, and
the committee discharged. Thus ended the legis-
lation of Congress upon a measure deemed neces-
sary to an "efficient organization.of the army."
Does the legislation of any previous Congress,
either In peace or war, present so many instances,
in so short a period, of a total failure of Executive
recommendations, when that officer was backed by
a nominal majority in both houses of Congress,
and when those recommendations, as I shall en-
deavor to show, are sustained by good and suffi-
cient reasons? I think not. Why is this the
case now ? The truth had as well be told. The
President, with a nominal majority in the Senate
and House of Representatives, is in an actual
minority in both. Congress is divided into fac-
tions; each petty aspirant to honors never designed
him by the people, has his faction around him.
Those factions fear to do anything, lest a success-
ful rival for the Presidency should profit by it,
and hence conclude to do nothing. The love of
men, and of treasury "sop," has usurped the place
of patriotism; and in those almighty struggles for
the succession, the recommendation of the Presi-
dent are disregarded, and the country left to take
care of itself. Sir, let me not be misunderstood—
and, above all, let me not be misrepresented. I
am not one of those who believe that Congress
should yield a blind support to the recommenda-
tions of the existing or any other Chief Magistrate
of the nation. Far from it. It is the duty of
Congress critically to investigate every Executive
measure. But I do believe and maintain, that in
consideration of the superior advantages of obtain-
ing information possessed by the President and
heads of the departments, in all matters connected
with their respective duties, Congress should pay
very great respect to (heir suggestions; and unless
there be weighty reasons against it, adopt them.
That is all I maintain; and it is the failure to do
this, on this side of the Hall, of which I complain.
"We have not discharged our duty to the country.
We have, to some extent, joined the Whigs m
defeating the measures of the President; and, by
doing so, have encouraged, (no doubt uninten-
tionally upon both sides,) Mexico to hold out
against us.
[Mr. Carroll, of New York, here interposed.
Mr. Payne could not yield the floor.]
Sir, this war with Mexico is to be ended by no
temporary expedients or time-serving policy. It
is to be the work of harmonious councils and
united action. Let us check our internal bicker-
ings; put forth the whole power of the State,
backed by the moral influence of the nation; Jet
Mexico perceive that she has no hope of success
from divided councils, now or hereafter, and that
her only reliance is in the ultima ratio of nations;
and it will not be ninety days before she will sub-
mit propositions of peace, acceptable to both na-
tions, and compromising the honor of neither.
[Here Mr. Payne reviewed the conduct of Gen-
eral Scott, and his celebrated correspondence with
the Secretary of War, in which he expressed ap-
prehensions of "afire in his rear;" contended that
Genera] Scott had proved himself a politician,
avowedly looking towards the Presidency;'and
maintained that party aspirants to the Presidency
were not qualified to command the army.]
He then said that General Scott, as the oldest
Major General in the army, had a right to com-
mand, and that the President could not supersede
him without a violation of those rules of military
etiquette which he deemed necessary to a preserva-
tion of that esprit du corps, without which the tone
and sentiment of the army would be lost.
What, then, can be done? He saw but one
couisc, and that was for Congress to create an of-
fice in the army higher than that of major general.
When that shall be done, the President will find
the man to suit the place. General Scott will have
no cause of complaint if it should be filled by a
citizen from private life.
Moreover, it could scarcely be supposed that
either of the major generals now in the service are
skilful negotiators. Some man is required at the
head of our army in Mexico who combines the
expei ience of the civilian and diplomatist with those
of the soldier and general; some one who, like Na-
poleon, would contemplate defeat with the com-
posure of a soldier before the gallows of Leipsic;
or dictate a peace with the skill of a diplomatist,
to the Czar of Russia, upon a raft. Such is the
man the service requires; such is not the man now
commanding the army. But the republic possesses
such men; and, in my opinion, they can be found,
if Congress does not paralyze the action of the Ex-
ecutive by refusing to create the office of lieutenant
general.
Mr. P. next adverted to General Taylor; paid a
becoming tribute to his bravery; and said he never
should forget the deep excitement that pervaded
this metropolis (which he denominated the heart
of the nation) during the interval of General Tay-
lor's departure from, and return to, Fort Brown.
It was fearful in the extreme. The national pulse,
from intense excitement, wellnigh ceased to beat.
But the news of the victory at Palo Alto at length
reached us. The crisis had passed; pulsation and
respiration improved; and about four days after-
wards, the news of the glorious triumph of our
arms at Resaca de la Palma restored the body poli-
tic to health and strength. The blood returned to
its accustomed channels, and the pulsations of the
heart were felt in the remotest extremities of the
nation. He never should forget these things. In
that crisis, all eyes were turned upon General Tay- •
lor. He proved himself worthy of the confidence
reposed in him; and the nation feels gratefully the
splendor of his achievements.
Mr. P. then adverted to a letter going the rounds
of the press, and attributed to the pen of General
Taylor. He believed the letter was a forgery, got-
ten up by some political intriguer to rob the scar-
worn veteran of the laurels won by his valor.
Here several voices exclaimed, " It is genuine;
the letter is genuine."
Mr. P. I do not, I will not believe it. That letter
bears internal evidence that it is a base and malig-
nant forgery, a slander upon General Taylor; and,
in order to demonstrate the fact, I call the attention
of the committee to the following paragraph in said
letter:
" I am decidedlyopposed to carrying the war h°yond fial-
tilfo in this Erection, which place has been entirely aban-
doned by the Mexican threes, afl of whom have been con-
centrated at San Luis Potosi; and [ shall lose no time in
taking possession of the former as soon as the cessation of
hostilities referred to expires, which I have notified the
Mexican authorities wdl be the case on the 13th instant, by
direction of the President of the United States.
" If we are (in the language of Mr. Polk and General Scott)
under the necessity of'conquering a peace.' and that by
taking the capita) of the country, we must go to Vera Cruz,
take that place, and then march on the eily of Mexico. To
do so in any other direction I consider out of the question.
But admitting that we conquer a peace bv doing so—sav at
I the end of the next twelve months—will the amount of blood
and treasure which must be expended in doing so be com-
pensated by the same ? I think not, especially if the coun-
tiy we >ubdue is to bo given up; and I imagine there are hut
few individuals m our country who think of annexing Mexico
to the United States."
Now, sir, this letter is dated November 9, 1846.
, At that time General Taylor commanded the army
1 in Mexico, and therefore must be presumed by all
the world to know and understand the views of
the Administration in regard to the manner of
prosecuting the campaign in Mexico. Whatever
he might say, therefore, upon such a subject, must,
from necessity, be regarded as official, imbodying
not only his own views, but those of the Admin-
' istration also.
| Now, this letter says, "if we are (in the lan-
! ' guage of General Scott and Mr. Polk) under the
| ' necessity of conquering a peace, and that by
; 1 taking the capital of the country, we must go to
i ' Vera Cruz, take that place, and then march on
' the city of Mexico. To do this in any other di-
' rection I consider out of the question."
Here, then, (if General Taylor is the author of
this letter,) is an official exposition of the plan of
the campaign, published to the world, and by the
: commanding general of the army. This would be
' a high military crime. If a subordinate officer or
private in the army should surreptitiously obtain
and publish to the enemy the plan of a campaign,
it would be treason, and he might be shot for the
Clime. Tf he wrote down a plan of a campaign,
and suffered the paper to escape him, so that by
accident it is published, he is guilty of a violation
of the regulations of the army, for which he may
be severely punished. His grade in command does
not exempt him fiom these consequenccs. Now,
sir, I must be permitted to believe that General
Taylor has too much good sense, and comprehends
too fully hi3 obligations to the country and his
duties as commander, to be guilty of the folly of
