308
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 3,
S!9th Cong 2  Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Garrett Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
abuses of power, and to bring them to their trial.
Yet, when the Opposition on that floor asked for j
information on the most important matters of state,
connected with dangerous abuses, all inquiry was
stifled, and the true state of facts concealed from the
people, That party, or that Government, whose
doings would not bear scrutiny—which would not
endure being exposed to the eye of the country—
deserved to be overthrown, be it "Whig or Demo-
cratic. It was only those whose deeds were evil,
who shrank from the light of day. And yet the
majority of this House appear to deem it to be one
of their principal duties to cover up in impenetrable
mystery the acts and policy of their President.
And now, as he had before said, having acci-
dentally succeeded in getting possession of the
floor, he shouid occupy the time allowed to him in
saying a few words on the existing war, and on the
management of it by Mr. Polk.
Our fathers of the Revolution thought that they
were establishing the essence of a free Government
when they framed a written Constitution, which
was to be in all cases the supreme law. They
supposed that every functionary of the Govern-
ment would of course squate his conduct by its
requirements. But that Constitution which they
with so much reflection and carc had constructed
for this republic had become in practice nearly an
empty form. We had still the simulation of lib-
erty, but we were losing its essence and its spirit
daily.
it was conceded on all hands that the war-power
in this Government resided in Congress, and that
the President had nothing to do with it but to put
it in operation, conducting a war properly begun.
Now, Mr. D. took this position: If Congress ex-
clusively possessed the power to make \\;ir, it had
also the same right to judge what constituted ade-
quate causes for war, and what were the objects
and ends for which it should be waged. The war-
power was intended to be a practical power, and
to have appropriate results; and not a mere tour-
nament, or idle but bloody ceremonial. Nor was
the execution of it by Congress ever designed to |
consist in merely registering an Executive edict, i
or carrying out the purposes of the President of
the United States in recommending a declaration
of war. It was intended that Congress should
itself judge both of the onuses and necessity for 1
beginning, and the objects and ends of prosecuting ■
and continuing the war. It was not the President !
who was to decide when there was cause for de- j
daring war, nor how long it should be continued, :
nor to what results it should be wa«ed. That was
a power which belonged to Congress, alone, and no !
member of this House could be faithful to his trust '•
who surrendered this multiform power of Con- |
gress, in either of its branches, to the Executive '
dcpuitment of the Government. ,
It was very true that the President was connect- j
ed with the war-power by the Constitution. But 1
how' Simply as being (x officio eommunder-m- |
chief of the naval and military power of the conn- |
try. Me wa.s created by that instrument the cap- ;
tain-general of our forces, whose will, in conducting \
a war, carrying on-its field operations, was to be '
paramount. This was the power, and the only j
power, coufened on the President in relation to
war. Supposing the Constitution had not made !
the President commander-in-chief, he would then I
have had nothing to do with war at all, except as I
connected with the legislative branch of Govern- I
ment in approving a declaration of war. In that '
case, he could not direct the course, or conduct or '
operations of a war; he would have had no func- 1
tion to discharge in the field or in the planning or '
controlling of a campaign, or of any liuiitaiyop- i
eration whatever. j
If the Constitution had not created a commander- ■
in-chtef, the law of Congress might have establish- :
ed such an oilicer, and on Scott, or Taylor, or anv
other filling it, would have devolved just the same i
and ail the military powers which aie vested in the
President—that of lecornmending to Congress to
make war not being a military power. Our com-
mander-in-chief being then statutory and not con-
stitutional, and General Scott, and not Mr. Polk
or any other^ President for the time being, how
preposterous it would be to say that it was his right i
and function, and not that of Congress, the exclu-
sive war-making power of the Government, to de- i
cide how long and for what objects and ends this ■
war, or any other, shall be prosecuted. The
solution of such questions belong as a sovereign
prerogative to England's Queen and other mon-
archs, but not to the American President. Any
member of Congress who yields this point to Mr.
Polk surrenders one-half of the war-power, and
the whole of it is fey the spirit and terms of the
Constitution designed to be planted immovably in
Congress.
What, then, was the President to do in relation
to a war? He was to suggest to Congress the
necessary means and supplies to carry it on. He
recommended these means and supplies, but Con-
gress voted or withheld them on its own judgment
and responsibility. The President might counsel
the Legislature as to the amount and description of
supplies, but there his power stopped. Congress
ought in ordinary cases to defer much to his re-
commendations.
All the men, means, and material, which Con-
gress may apply towards carrying on any war are
necessarily and constitutionally subject to the con-
trol, management, and direction of the President
as commander-in-chief. It is his business to put
them in action, and his responsibility is limited by
their amount, aptitudes, and efficiency, whatever
they may be. If they are inadequate, Congress
is censurable; if a sufficiency is not asked for by
the President, or such as may be recommended by
him, or as may be granted by Congress, be mis-
applied, then the censure attaches properly to him.
It might be contended, that the President, as a
brunch of the treaty-making power, has the right
of judgment as to the continuance of a war, and
the ends to which it shall be prosecuted, inasmuch
as that power can terminate it at pleasure. To
this it may be answered, that, independent of the
rights resulting fioin the power to make war, Con-
gress has the controlling one of withholding all
supplies towards it. This is the great effective
power over the subject, capable of and intended to
enable Congress to terminate at its will nil wars,
and is one of the great bulwarks of our liberties.
Of such importance was this power deemed, that
appropriations for a longer period than two years,
however important the war and urgent the neces-
sity, are expressly forbidden, thereby making it
the duty of Congress to resort to this great power
when the exigence shall require it.
That the piesent war had been commenced by
the Piesident was, to use a veiy significant phrase
once introduced here m debate, "a fixed fact."
The nation, the age, had made up an opinion on
that point; and no declarations of that House
could icverse or in the least affect or change it.
The judgmentof mankind was formed, and would
remain unaltered and unalterable. However gen-
tlemen mi^ht reiterate their asseverations to the
contrary, it would have no effect at all. And, if
this was true, why be so constantly protesting and
aflii ining it m so many shapes and on so many
occasions? Why ciowd it inconsrruously into a
vote of thanks to a gallant and successful general?
Why could not gentlemen pass a vote to thank
General Taylor for his victory at Monterey, as
they had thanked him for his victories at Palo Alto
and Resaca de la Palma, without a piotestation
that the President did not, and that Mexico did,
begin this war? This asseveration was made in
the law recognising the war, and, if it were true,
that would be enough; but, not being true, no op-
portunity to repeat it must be omitted, and in that
way many may be seduced into the belief.
But that question was past: we were in the
war; and now he would proceed to inquire, to
what ends it was to be prosecuted. The Demo-
1 ciatic portion of this House, or at least a large sec-
' tion of it, said that the war had not been a war
j for conquest at the first, but they conceded that
I now it was, and they justified this because we
I went to war for indemnity from Mexico for her
j wrongs upon our citizens, and she had no money
! with which to indemnify us: so we must take it,
j and the expenses of the war, too, out in territory;
j and the President told the Mexicans the longer
| they continued the war the worse it would be for
1 them, because they would have only to give us
j more of their territory to respond to its accumula-
ted cost.
It was now, then, by gentlemen's own conces-
sion, a war for acquisition of territory, for indem-
nity; in other words, a war of conquest. This
•v?as a grave question for our consideration. "We
were, by profession, the pattern republic of mod-
ern times; and yet, here were we waging war upon
a neighboring republic, which had followed us in
the contest for freedom, and which looked up to
the United States of the North as her exemplar.
This was precisely the mode in which Austria,
ever since the thirteenth century, had been treat-
ing the free States of Italy; it was the way in
which France had overrun Switzerland; and, to
crown the parallel, it was the way m which the
despots of the north of Europe had partitioned un-
happy Poland. It was in this way that they, like
us, had outraged and desolated the territory of a
weak neighbor, in order to add to the broad do-
minions of their Own despotic empire. Was this
the course to which the self-styled Democracy of
the present day, the devotees, par excellence, of
popular rights, were marshalling this Government?1
The fundamental principle of our entire system
was the imprescriptible unchangeablerightof every
people to govern themselves. This was the prin-
ciple which we sometimes vauntmgly said we meant
to carry to the ends of the earth. But what exam-
ple of it had we set in the present war r What right
had we to be pleaching this doctrine for others,
while in our own practice we flatly contradicted it,
and waged an atrocious war of conquest and spoli-
ation againstMexico, under the pretext of demand-
ing from her indemnity for our wrongs? We talked
about imposing on the people of some of her prov-
inces our own free institutions; and raising them to
a level with our own condition of intelligence and
civilization. But what right had we to force upon
them-any form of government, free or not free?
When we attempted to do this by the power of the
sword, our freedom became nothing but slavery to
them. We had no right, by our own principle, to
impose our institutions upon another people ? Ev-
ery nation, according to our doctrines of liberty,,
was free to form its own institutions, after its own
notionsand its own choice, even though those no-
tions might be fraught with ignorance and preju-
dice. We could not, without the most barefaced
hypocrisy, make war on Mexico for the purpose of
dismembering her republic, and adding a portion
of it to our own, and incorporating with us a por-
tion of their people against their own consent.
What territory do we now possess of our own?
An extent as large as three-fourths of Europe; and,
while Eurppe had sixty-four inhabitants to the
square mile, we not quite eight. Was not here
" ample scope and verge enough ?" What Quix-
otism was it, what mad ambition, to urge on a war
for the purpose of seizing on vast wilds and moun-
tains and Mexican deserts to add to it? No. Mr.
D. was for a war on no such principle, and for no
such ends. He was for a peace with Mexico on
just and honorable terms. He did not want a foot
of her territory except by the old-fashioned mode
of purchase. He would take the territory up to
the Rio Grande as a boundary, and agree "to pay
our citizens their claims against Mexico. He
would purchase Upper California as far down as .
36° '10'; and he would then make Oregon and Cal-
ifornia free territory, and give ail east of the Rio
Grande to Texas. He would desire California, to
obtain the ports of San Francisco and Monterey, if
Mexico was willing to sell and cede the country;
but he never would strike a blow in continuation
of this war to coerce her consent. He would hold
possession of the country east of the Rio Grande
as indemnity, or take a cession of it in satisfac-
tion of the claims of the United States against
Mexico. But if, in the exercise of her uncom-
! pelled will, she chose not to part with any of her ter-
1 ritoi y, and yet made us full payment for what she
owes us, he would sunender to her, by a treaty of
peace, amity, and friendship, every foot of her soil.
Let the President, if he would redeem his charac-
ter and ours, propose these terms to Mexico;let him
publish this basis of a treaty to our own people and
the world: let him tell her she must make a treaty
with us upon it; and, his life for it, she would treat
| at once. But, if not, then we would, without dis-
tinction of party, rally round our Government as
one man, and then we should have a war in which
all could heartily unite. Then the moderation,
justice, and rectitude of our people and Govern-
ment would stand proudly vindicated before the
world, and we might call upon all mankind to ad-
mire and imitate our example*
