310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. Z,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Meocican War—Mr. Garrett Davis.
Ho. or Reps.
of the plan of attack, the disposition of the troops,
the steadiness and heroism with which this pro-
tracted and dreadful fight was maintained. It was
a great achievement, and reflects imperishable
honor upon-the American arms. When the news
of the victories of the. 8th and 9th of May reached
this city, Congress was in session, and for one
joyous moment party was forgotten in indiscrimi-
nate national exultation and pride. The President
breveted General Taylor a major general. Con-
gress created another office of this grade for him,
and the President with promptitude nominated
him to fill it. A resolution of thanks to hjm and
his army was drawn up by a Democrat, passed
unanimously by Congress, and approved by Mr.
Polk.
For this greater victory of Monterey, the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Cocke] draws up reso-
lutions of approbation and thanks in the precise
terms of the previous resolutions, except that a
warm commendation to General Taylor for his
clemency to the conquered is omitted. The Presi-
dent's friends here defiled this just expression of
thecountry's admiration and gratitude with another
asseveration that the war was begun by Mexico,
and is just on the part of the United States. Even
this does not satisfy them: they insult the veteran
general himself, by attaching a proviso, excepting
from the effect of the resolutions the capitulation,
and thus censure f#d insult him. Both these ap
pendages were without example. No offence, not
even any condition, or matter of any kind, was
ever before attempted to be mixed up with a na-
tion's thanks for distinguished military services.
They required him to carry the main plaza by
storm, to subject women ana children to violence
and murder, and to expose probably not less than
a hundred noble spirits of his own army to certain
death. Mr. Polk, in his eager passion for blood
and carnage, when it was so far from him, required
Taylor to dare, to do, to suffer all this, that the
brilliance of the achievement might add still further
lustre to the glory of his reign. His followers here,
as in duty bound, ranged themselves with him, and
censure the general whose successes only have
saved him from the undivided curses of the nation
for this war. The people sympathized with our
general and army in the field, and not with Presi-
dent Polk. They condemn the war; but, as long
as it continues, they give their whole heart and
sympathies to every American soldier and sailor
in the dark and bloody hour of battle. They want
every man contending under the sign of the stars
and the stripes to strike true and to victory. They
want old " Rough and Ready" to continue to con- !
duct this war; and, my word for it, if the question ;
could be now put to them whether Mr. Polk should '
retire from the Presidency or remove the general, 1
their verdict would be, by an overwhelming ma- '
jority, for the hero of Monterey. When Mr. Polk j
insists that Taylor should have attempted to carry ■
the main plaza by assault, at the s.iciifice of so
many high-souled A tnericans, too, the people would I
have consented to it on one condition—that he and
his Cabinet, the authors of this war, had occupied
just the position where David placed Uriah. I
would that the suffering people could assign the i
authors of all wars to that position, thaf they |
might be the first to meet the carnage of the battle.
But the party in power condemn Taylor for his '
humanity and clemency to his vanquished enemy,
and for lus disposition, under strong circumstances '
and a military council, to save a city from bemo- !
sacked. I have always been taught to believe that
metcy to the conquered, and particularly to women ,
and c uldien, always attended true courage, and !
was the brightest quality in the character of'a true '
soJcu.T. And yet, in this age of Christian civih- I
zatmn, ,yfr. Polk and his party censured General i,
.taylor lor a proper and noble exercise of it !
But this was not General Taylor's offence' His I
true and his only offence is, that he is a Whig, had i
been too successful, and was becoming too popu- '!
*ru\ tie was no politician, nor had' shown any
: aspirations to the Presidency. But his popularity !
was overshadowing Mr. Polk, and all the great i
men of the Democracy, and might become trouble- i
some to them. The first scheme to dispose of him ■
was, to send General Scott to supersede him in the i
command. The next was, to crash them both by ;
f lieutenant general. Several I
uends of Mr. Polk have declared in this House, l!
it would.not do to give the conduct of this war to
these Whig generals; and no doubt they thought
one of them had had charge of it too long already
for their good. This was a Presidential Demo-
cratic war, and was intended, not for the country,
but to manufacture glory andpolitical capital for that
party exclusively. In my State, the Democrats used
to say, that if war was the consequence of Mr.
Polk's measures, the Whigs should take no part
in it, but should stay at home, make provisions,
and take care of the women and children; but, as
to fighting it out, the^j intended to do that them-
selves. But when the hour of trial came on, the much
larger proportion of the volunteers were Whigs.
The Democrats were well content to take less>of the
hard knocks and all the glory and -political capi-
tal, with all the Presidential appointments thrown in.
But it was unendurable that "old Rough and
Ready'* should bear off all the true glory and pop-
ular favor; and, at the same time, it must be ar-
ranged that Scott should not have any of the
residue. They must be put down, crushed; and
the way to do that is, to censure Taylor, and to
create a lieutenant general to supersede both, and
finish this war. Otherwise, the whole Democratic
scheme of the war would be frustrated.
Since Taylor has been considered to be in the
way of the projects of Democracy, its hostility to
him has been open and avowed. The plan of the
campaign was .sent to him from Washington, and
he dissented, from it in many points; yet he still
had to carry it out. He occupied a vast extent of
country in obedience to Mr. Polk's orders, and
consequently had to divide his army into small
and distant detachments. Wheir credited rumors
reached this city that some of them were likely to
be cut off by Santa Ana, what a burst of dispar-
agement, censure, and condemnation against ar-
rangements that were not his, but for which he
was to be held accountable, broke from the White
House and War Office. They were taken up by
one Democratic mouth and passed to another, until
the whole city was vocal with them. If disaster
had occurred, our just and magnanimous President
and his followers were ready to seize General Tay-
lor again, lead liim to the altar, and offer him up
as a sacrifice in their stead. But they were the
second time balked. Old Rough and Ready's judg-
, rnent, resources, and fortune did not, nor "are they
| £oing to desert him. No; the old veteran in his
! youth carried the first brevet rank of the last war
j by a military exploit which gave assurance of the
j renown which Ins riper years would win. In the
| Florida war lie rendered a harder and severer ser-
i vice, and not less valuable, though less brilliant,
than had ever been performed by any other Ameri-
. can commander; and in this Mexican war, for his
j fyrce and his means, the splendor of his victories
I are without a parallel in the history of our country.
: Littleness, envy, and sinister ambition have as-
i sailed him behind, from high places, where he
1 should have had all support, whilst in front he has
been breasting the storm of battle with the enemies
of his country. Alter having first thrashed them
and been most unjustly ccnsuied for his conduct
by Mr. Polk and his friends, he in confidence writes
in vindication of himself to a veteran and a friend.
Hundreds and hundreds of such letters have been
written from the American camp, from the begin-
ning of the war, and published all over the coun-
try. Many have been printed in the Union, the
organ of the Administration, under Mr. Polk's
eyes, and doubtless with his approbation. One by
General Henderson, of the army, condemning the
capitulation; one of General Taylor's confidential
despatches to the War Department, which gives
much more information to Mexico and the world
of the*plans and movements of the General than
any other publication. When Taylor was so vio-
lently, ignorantly, and maliciously assailed for his
conduct in the war generally, true and not indiscreet
friendship gave to his countrymen his defence
against the President and his party, and upon it
asked judgment between him and his accusers.
And Mr. Polk and h is followers now upbraid bet-
ter men than themselves with giving "aid and i
comfort to Mexico." This after he has returned j
her able and effective lieutenant general, to reunite I
and reinvigorale her broken power. Now, he and \
they give aid and comfort to Mexico in another j
and still more criminal form. They are unremit- !
ting in their efforts not only to disparage General i
Taylor in the estimate of Mexico and the world,
but to wound and insult him there is published a
musty and obsolete army order, condemning and
denouncing punishment against the writing of such
letters as he and doubtless every other officer of
the army had written under the sanctityof friend-
ship. The offence of his letter was not the expo-
sure which it made to the enemyy but to the
American people of the shameful manner in which
the Government have neglected him and his army,
and its injustice to both. For months Mr. Polk
and his especial friends have been endeavoring to
destroy the confidence, not only of the people but
of the army also, in both their generals, Scott and
Taylor. Here is aid and comfort to Mexico to
some purpose. An American Piesident, in time
of war, attempting systematically to destroy the
confidence of our army in their two highest com-
manders. What a spectacle for the world ! This
may not be treason, but it is equally culpable; and
is the justice of the nation to sleep forever upon n?
But the attempt is as vain as it is wicked. Old
Rough and Ready is a vigorous old oak. His
strong roots have struck deep into the earth, and
his mighty branches point proudly to the heavens.
A nation's care nurtured it when it was young, and
still sustains it in its matured grandeur. In the
majesty of its elevation and strength, it looks
proudly down upon Presidential malice, and defies
and scorns aTl its thunders. If an ignoble crew
should ever succced in breaking it down, in its fall
it will crush them all in one common run.
It is not a lieutenant general that Mr. Polk, or
the country at least, wants. In the field, we have
ample courage, talent, and experience, but it is for
the Government generally that the office of lieu-
tenant general, a regency, is needed. Bring in a
regency bill, and let Mr. Polk be not in part but
wholly displaced, as in cases of incompetent poten-
tates. Or, if you will not do that, let your Presi-
dent and Vice President,' and the whole concern,
resign trusts to which they are so deplorably un-
equal, and go home from their seats of power.
The country cannot be worsted in the President
except m the succession of the Vice; but Hea\en
preserve us from that calamity. The votes which
you (their friends) have here given against their
measures would have driven Sir Robert Peel or
Lord John Russell from power in England. You
have not confidence in them; the Whigs have not,
nor has the country. Let them one and all throw
up their places, and far better hopes will be placed
upon the President pro tem. of the Senate or the
Speaker of this House.
j Mr. HENLEY, of Indiana, obtained the floor,
> and made a short but very spirited reply, in which
j he dexued that the Opposition had been oppressed
j by the majority, but had pnjoyed their full pro-
i portion ot the freedom of debate. They had made
!j more Buncombe speeches, to interrupt the business
ij of the House, than their opponents, though there
j! were more than two to one; and certainly this gen-
|j tleman ought not to complain, for the majority let
i; hnn make the same speech over and over again,
j; charging the President with malfeasance and mis-
i! feasance, and all sorts of feasance, to his heart's
content, The Whigs ought to thank instead of
j| blaming them for occasionally applying the pre-
r; vious question; for, but for this, those gentlemen
1! would have to let out their sentiments, and then,
1 when they came before the people, they would
;j have had to call for the rocks and mountains to
;! cover them.
;! Why was Santa Ana holding out to this hour?
;j [Voices; "Because he hopes to get those three
\ millions from the President."] Because he thought
; theie was a Mexican party in that House, which
ij would soon get into power. He probably sup-
j posed we managed matters here as they did in
i Mexico, and put men in and out of power at the
! point of the bayonet.
| Mr. H. congratulated his party that Mr. Davis
1 had come over to their ground. He was now for
| peace, with the Rio Grande as a boundary, and
' California down to 36° 30'. Yes, so was the Pres-
ident: so were the Democratic party. The gentle-
man agreed to the very line which he said it was
but rapine and plunder for them to desire. The
gentleman found fault, too, with the President for
not using more vigor in pushing the war. Well,
