1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
3U
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Reverdy Johnson.
Senate.
at last, the gentleman had got right; he hoped he
would only stay right.
He said Mr. D. wanted to call up the .slavery
question now, only that it might divide and break
up the Democratic party; but he hoped nobody
would heed his call, and that the question would be
postponed. That was the only question they had
to fear. They had carried all their measures, and
they were working gloriously, especially the new
tariff. The West had an abundant market for all
the produce they could r$ise, and all they wanted
was more ships to carry it away, &c. If the party
avoided this one rock, their vessel would ride on
triumphantly, and weather every storm.
The gentleman would not aid the Administra-
tion, because the President was weak and incom-
petent. Would it not be more magnanimous in
the gentleman to bring to this weak Administra-
tion the aid of his gigantic mind and long military
cxpcriencc? Then, perhaps, the President might
be able to carry on the war. The gentleman had
never found the Government of his country in
such weak hands before; so he took this favorable
moment to stab it to the heart, and trample on its
prostrate honor. What better proof could there
be that the rights of the minority were respected
than the repetition of such a speech ?
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. R. JOHNSON,
OF MARYLAND,
In the Senate, February 6, 1847.
The bill making further appropriation to bring the
existing war with Mexico to an honorable con-
clusion, being under consideration—
Mr. REVERDY JOHNSON addressed the
Senate to the following effect:
Mr. President: The question before the Senate
is upon the amendment proposed by the Senator
fiom Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] as a substitute for
that offered by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Berrien,] to the bill which came from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. The single inquiry,
then, perhaps, is as to the propriety of that amend-
ment. But in what I am about to say on this
occasion—probably the only one on which I shall
trouble the Senate on this subject—it is my pur-
pose to speak on another question growing out of
the proposition of the committee itself. And I
feel, Mr. President, that I shall require the indul-
gence of the Senate in what I am about to say,
both for what I may say, and for the manner in
which I may present it, because I find myself most
unexpectedly thrown into this debate. Nothing
was further from my purpose, in this stage of the
debate at least, when the Senator from Georgia
concluded his admirable speech of yesterday; for,
in my simplicity, Mr. President, I took it for
granted that the amendment suggested by the
honorable Senator from Michigan would not be
permitted by him to go to a vote, without his say-
ing a single word in its support. It is upon its
face clearly important. It is not so very obviously
connected with the bill itself, which he seeks to
amend by it; and it is, without any previous notice,
suddenly started upon the consideration of the
Senate—apparently without even consultation with
his political friends. It embraces, sir. a high and
momentous principle of public policy, not only in
the present condition of the country, but in any
similar condition in which it may be hereafter
placed. Under these impressions, seeing that the
vote was about to be taken, eyen before the amend-
ment itself wis printed, I inquired of my friend,
the Senator from Michigan, whether it was not his
purpose to state, however succinctly, the grounds
on which he had offered it. I was answered, if I
heard the Senator correctly, that it was not his in-
tention to do so. I could not have been more sur-
prised, Mr. President, if I had found that Santa
Ana had proved true to the engagements, express
or implied, under which he was permitted to enter
Mexico, and head the troops now in battle array
against us ! I was certainly astonished at the an-
swer, but concluded that a night's reflection would
satisfy the honorable Senator that it was no less
due to the country and the Senate than to his own
distinguished reputation, that such a proposition
should be maintained with all the ability he could
command; and, in that belief, I moved the adjourn-
ment. But I have taken nothing by my motion.
The honorable Senator is as silent as the grave.
Why so? Has the proposition been offered with-
out due reflection ? If it has, ought it not to be
withdrawn? Has it been carefully considered?
Does it meet with the concurrence of his political
friends ? Does it present the sentiments of the
President of the United States ? If so, it is due to
all that it should be maintained with ail the force
which that distinguished statesman—the Senator
from Michigan—is known to possess. And, upon
this side of the Chamber, Mr. President, I think
we have a right respectfully to ask the aid of lights
which we are not able or ourselves to furnish.
Let the effulgent intellect of the honorable Senator
shine upon this proposition ! Let the darkness of
our minds be illumined, so that we may be able
to see it in its true intrinsic excellence ! I do not
yet despair, although the prospect is exceedingly
discouraging. The American people have a right
to expect it—the well-known reputation of the
distinguished Senator, at home and abroad, in-
vokes it. Public feeling will not, and should not,
be satisfied without it. His high character—his
long experience—his clear judgment—his nice
sense of honor, public and private, cannot fail to
make the world solicitous for the grounds on which
he places this amendment. And I do tiust that,
although a night's reflection has not brought the
Senator on the floor as yet, that we shall find him
in his proper place on Monday next.
What is the proposition 5 In order to under-
stand it, it is necessary to see what the bill is to
which it is proposed as an amendment. The Pres-
ident of the United States, first in secret session,
and afterwards in open session, during the last
winter, recommended an appropriation of two mil-
lions of dollars to enable him to negotiate a peace*
with Mexico. He reiterates that recommendation
in his annual message at the commencement of the
present session. The chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, speaking the sense of the
committee, of course, reports a bill appropriating
not two, but ihree. millions, and he accompanies it
with a speech, to which, by and bv, I shall pay
my respects. What is this bill? That three mil-
lions of dollars are appropriated for the purpose of
defraying any extraordinary expense which may
be incurred, in order to bring the existing war with
Mexico to a speedy and honorable conclusion.
The Senator from Georgia proposed to append a ;
proviso, on which it is not my purpose, in this con- j
nexion, to say anything. Then comes the amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan, and what is it ?
It is that the appropriation should be passed in the
first place, and as one of the reasons of its being
passed, it states the character of the war in which
we are engaged with reference to its causes; it states,
as another reason, the terms on which the termina-
tion of the war is to be concluded, as regards the
extent of any indemnity which the United States
have a right to demand, and without which the
war is to go on interminably; and, as a third rea- j
son, that in order to begin to conclude it, the Presi- ,
dent of the United States must first consider and ;
decide the nature and extent of such indemnity. |
It is in relation to the first of these grounds that I j
ask my friend from Michigan most respectfully to ;
state, at his own good pleasure, why it is necessa- s
ry, m a bill appropriating three millions of dollars
to terminate, by an honorable treaty, the war in ;
which we are engaged, to set forth what the char- ;
acter of the war is? Has he any misgivings upon
that subject? Does he apprehend that his own
opinion will not be the opinions of the people of
the United States? Does he fear that the civilized (
world may come to a different conclusion in^efer- !
ence to the character of this war? I should be j
inclined to think so. ;
Mr. President, we are presenting an extraordina- !
ry spectacle. The war in which we are engaged, ,
so far as the Congress of the United States are con- ,
cerned in its declaration, was declared on the 13th I
of May last. In the preamble of the law declaring ;
it, it was stated that it had been brought about by j
an unauthorized act of hostility on the part of Mex- ;
ico; very many of the Senators believed that that 1
assertion was unfounded in fact, and were com-
pelled to vote—such of them as did vote—for the
bill with that declaration, only from the^ patriotic
impulses which they were unable to restrain, that in
any and every condition of things the honor of the
United States must be vindicated, our troops pro-
tected, and our arms saved from defeat. - I was not
one of those who differed as to the fact alleged in
the preamble. I stated then the grounds of that
opinion. It is unnecessary to reiterate thera now.
But there were high and patriotic spirits in this
body—men who .would do honor to any land—
whose whole feelings are inseparably connected
with the jionor of the country, who, believing dif-
fe/ently, and still willing to stand by the country,
proposed to strike out that part of the"bill. But
their proposition was voted down. That ought to
have satisfied the Senators on the other side. But
it seems it did not. On each and every occasion
since, in which a tolerable pretext offered itself for
resorting to the same thing, the effoit has been
made. Even m a resolution of thanks to the gal-
lant men who have covered the nation with glory,
this clause was suffered to find its way! And
many Senators on the other side, including1 the
Senator from Michigan, voted to retain the clause.
Now, the Senator from Michigan insists on having
the same thing incorporated into this bill. He
must as;ain revive a declaration in which many of
his biother Senators do not unite; m order, appa-
rently—though such certainly cannot be his pur-
pose—to drive them to vote against the bill, or
again compel them to vote a war to be just, which
in their consciences they believe was illegally
brought upon the country. Now, sir, I could very
readily understand why a proposition like this was
proposed to be incorporated into this bill if it were
germane to the matter. But is the character of the
peace which we are to have—are the objects which
we seek to attain, to be in any manner affected by
the causes which led to the war? This bill is pro-
posed in good faith, no doubt, by the President of
the United States, and with equal good faith by the
commutec who have reported it. It means peace,
it desires peace. It Keeks to avoid all the obstacles
to the attainment of that end. Now I submit that
the Senator from Michigan cannot but see, when
he considers the object of the bill, that just as he
provokes Mexico—just as he insults the public
opinion of Mexico, by declaring her to be an ag-
gressor without cause—just m the same proportion
does he increase the impediments to the attainment
of the end which the bill was designed to accom-
plish—the speedy and successful termination of the
war. The proposition-, therefore, has nothing to
do with the bill itself in which if is proposed to he
incorporated, unless it be to defeat it. The Sena-
tor from Michigan, however, if I may judge of his
present opinion from the phraseology which he
has adopted in his amendment, is now apparently
anxious to place the justice of this war, not on the
facts which the country may examine and decide
for themselves, but simply on the fact that the Con-
gress of the United States, by the act of the 13th
of May, have declared the war to be just. Let me
read his amendment. Jt is this:
< Stukc out ail after the word e provided,5 and insert:
< And it is hereby declared to be the true latent and mean-
' ol Confess, in making this appropriation, that, as by
< the a<n of tin Republic ot Mexico, a state of war exists '
1 between that Government and theUmted States,agreeably
c to the dcc'iiratton made by tins Congress, on the YSlh day of
e May lust >"
It is the declaration, therefore, made in the act
of 13th of May that makes the war a just one on
our part! The fact itself is made to depend, by
the amendment of the Senator, exclusively on that
simple declaration! Well, then comes his "there-
fore." What I have read is the whole preamble
to the amendment.
" Therefore the interest and honor of this country require
that the said war be vigorously prosccuted to a successful
is«uu."
I suppose it is not necessary to call one from
the dead to tell us that. _ A nation engaged in a
war—just or unjust—is in a condition m which
every consideration demands that it should he
brought to a successful and honorable termination.
That is not then the object of the Senator—that
successful and honorable termination of the war
is connected with another sentiment of the Sena-
tor from Michigan—that a reasonable indemnity
should be obtained from Mexico for the wrongs
which she has committed towards the Government
and citizens of the United States. Well, what is
. the indemnity? Why,I understand the President
1 of the United States to say, in his message, that
