312
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 6,
29th Cong 2d Siss.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Reverdy Johnson.
Senate.
the war having been commenced by Mexico, it
has been carried into the enemy's country, and
■will be vigorously prosecuted there, with a view
of obtaining an honorable peace, and thereby se-
curing ample indemnity for the expenses of the
war and the claims of our citizens. Now, I am
sure that the Senator from Michigan is not pre-
pared to say that the President, in that part of his
Message, has claimed anything unreasonable.
Then the reasonable indemnity for which the Sen-
ator from Michigan supposes that the war should
be prosecuted, is full indemnity for all the ex-
penses of the war, and full indemnity for all that
the Government of Mexico owes to citizens of the
United States. How is this to be attained? One
would suppose, Mr. President, from reading that
part of the (intendment to which I have called the
attention of the Senate, that it was to be effected
by a vigorous and successful prosecution of the
war. But this is not proposed for the purpose of
prosecuting the war vigorously. We have given
full assurance on both sides of the Chamber of out-
readiness to aid in such a prosecution of the war.
It is a liljel on the patriotism of the Senate to sup-
pose that any member, on either side of it, has for
a moment hesitated to place at the disposal of the
Executive, everything in money and in men which
he wanted in order to bring the war to a speedy
and successful termination. We have voted men
without limit. We have voted for the description
of troops which he asked, and voted, many of us,
against the opinions of some of the President's
particular friends. We are voting money to the
whole extent of his demand. We are willing to
go further. Come when he may, asking for more
money or more men, and if he give us reasonable
evidence that they are necessary to bring the war
to a speedy and successful termination, he will
find as ready a spirit of acquiescence on this as on
the other side of the Chamber. But what is this
bill? Does this bill look to a successful termina-
tion of the contest by a vigorous prosecution of
the war? Why, if it pass—if I may be permitted
to use the expression—it rather shows the "white
feather!" It fears—it is founded on the apprehen-
sion—that no such peace as wc are willing to ob-
tain can be procured by means alone of a vigorous
prosecution of the war. Its ob|ect is not to con-
quer a peace, but to buy a peace! And, Mr.
President, the chairman of the Committee of For-
eign Relations, in his speech as reported, and as [
understood him to say coirectly reported—stated, j
perhaps inadvertently', why it is that it is so ab- i
solutcly important now, that this bill should meet I
the sanction of Congress. 1 think he has done so j
inadvertently; because he has, I am inclined to |
suppose, been affording, in what 1 am about to I
read from him, " am and comfort" to the enemy;
and I beg him to take eaie, if he is in earnest in it,
that he does not meet with Presidential or organic
censure. After speaking of the debility of Mexico —
her distress—her conquered towns and provinces 
her agitation her factions—the honorable Senator
tells us—(the truth .will come out when the heart
is full of it—and wo may well suppose that the
.hought was suggested to him in some anxious
colloquy with the manager of our finances!)
" on ocr part, we becin to f'fki, that we are enoa-
gei) is an expensive war—a war attended by a great
saxkifioh iip ljff., and one calcoi.a'l ed to exhaust to
a orfat extent, the means op this government, and if
continued for a grfat while i.onger, mi'st result in
imi'osino heavy bukdkns ui'ox ocr people.'*
That is the. source of solicitude, and that no
doubt is the fact. The only point in which the
Senator is mistaken is, that we have " just" be un
to "feel ' this. It was fc!t some time since! ^Veil
now, the Senator from Michigan says, that belli0-
engaged in a war justly commenced it is our duty
vigorously to prosecute it, and to pass a bill appro-
priating three millions of dollars to buy a peace! I
want him to show the connexion between the ob-
ject and the means of accomplishing the object
when he hereafter shall think proper to address
the benate. The Senator from Arkansas, the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, says we want peace; our treasury, like the
treasury of Mexico, is exhausted; our people, like
the people of Mexico, are about to be mulcted in
heavy assessments; our means from any and every
quarter from which they can be collected are about
to be expended for the necessary support of this
war; as burdens, almost intolerable, threaten us in I
the prosecution of the war, we want peace—peace
we will have; but we will have it, he says, through
this bill, by buying it! Here is an evident contra-
diction, an hostility, as to the grounds upon which
this bill is maintained between the two distinguish-
ed Senators to whom I have referred. One is for
obtaining a successful peace by a vigorous prose-
cution of the war; the other i3 for obtaining a suc-
cessful peace by purchasing it! Let us put the
proposed amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan as a preamble to the bill, and see how it reads:
"Whereas, and it is hereby declared to be, the
true intent and meaning of Congress in making
this appropriation, that as by the act of the re-
public of Mexico a state of war exists between
that Government and the United States, agreea-
bly to a declaration made by this Congress, on
the 13th of May last, therefore the interest and
honor of this country require that the said war be
vigorously prosecuted {0 « successful issue, UHlii
a reasonable indemnity shall be obtained from Mexico
for the wrongs she has committed upon oiir Govern-
ment and cithens of the United States, Therefore, be
it enacted, that we give three millions of money
to buy a successful issue and a reasonable indem-
nity." [A laugh.] Why, what a lame and im-
potent conclusion is here, Mr. President! Sword
in hand, the Senator from Michigan marches up to
the foe, threatens to exterminate him, but then sud-
denly stops and says: " My dear sir, you may have
my sword if you take my purse, and let us stand
quits !" Would that be an honorable and vigorous
prosecution of a private personal contest? Would
that be a glorious termination of it? There could be
but one answei; and what would be dishonorable
! as between individuals, is equally dishonorable as
between nations. And I say to the Senator from
Michigan, in all good faith, if he means (as I am
sure he does mean what he says) that this war can
only lie honorably terminated by its vigorous pros-
ecution, he owes it to himself to vote against this
bill. That would be the predicament in which he
would stand if the bill were allowed to utter itsown
solitary voice, without the carefully-prepared com-
mentary of the Senator from Arkansas. But it does
not stand by itself. It is accompanied by this offi-
cial commentary; and what story does that tell us?
After indulging himself in the hope, that perhaps
the vote on the bill would be unanimous—a hope
founded on the proceedings of last session—that
I Senator tells us that u e have reduced impoverished
Mexico'to extremities, and then says:
<(\Vc had kept our unity out of the country which was
claimed by ii.- loi a con&idenible time before tltc commence-
ment of the war, for the e\pres* purpose of securing peace
by showing what  v,is felt—a forbeaiance ami a deposition ,
| to avoid a hostile colh.-ion. In makin^tliis peace after ail
j that has occiu red. the United States, of eouise, wouM cx-
I pcct to receive, to some extent at least, indemnity for the !
; .expenses of the war, and they would expect, also, the pav-
j ment of the claims held by our citizens aeainst the republic 1
j ot Mexico; anil tills indemnity, for thcse'pmposes, in con- [
j sequence ol her inability to give any other, would be ex-
■ pectetl 111 the shape of a cession ot territory. He was not !
iiutliori/vccl to state precisely what territory tins Government !
would ivquire foi this indemnify, and for the payment of!
tliesci chums i but he supposed that no Senator vouhlihmktheu !
are to get less than New Mexico and Upper California. He :
did not suppose that a tn;aty of peace ivith less than this !
uould ever pass this body." J
That is, Mr. President, we are to take as much 1
as we can; but the honorable Senator thinks that i
that is the least that could be accepted! Then the '
inquiry suggests itself to him—and no doubt it was !
the subject of deliberate consideration—may there !
not be some difficulty in getting a treaty ? Mexico !
is distracted—the faction that is in the ascendant i
to-day is down to-morrow! The difficulty stared i
the committee in the face, and the distinguished '
(senator, the chairman of the committee, rises to [
meet it. How? The Senator had told them: j
llad tlmf"Plled everywheie. We had got pos- I
session ol a huge portion of Mexico. We had possession of
i«\verfniRXSf'ip0rbl' a"'i lll'ld othe,s Mwkaded. We were
pow ciful and m a condition to extend our cRnnucstsv
Why, they will take the whole of Mexico, if
,-° were "ot careful, and we will, mayhap, again
hear on tnat side of the Chamber, what so fre-
quently came from the Senator from Michigan on
a ™ ~ ?J,c_asl0n—" The whole or none."
Mr. CASS. Oh ! only 54° 40'.
^Mr-JOHNSO*. I understand—nothing short
T\Jr' What we could get! ]
satkf' J°H]N^9:N- Yes. and that is what must
satisty us m thiS instance—just what we can get, '
and no more. Why, already we cannot stand it,
for it is hurting us confoundedly, says the Senator
from Arkansas:
" We begin to feel that we are engaged in an expensive
war-a war attended by a «reat sacrifice of life, and
one calculated to exhaust, to a great extent, the means of our
Government, and if continued lor a gteat while longer, must
result in imposing heavy burdens upon our people."
But the Senator proceeds:
"The intelligence possessed by the President gave them
reason to believe, that by a certain advance in money, to he
made to them in their exhausted arid impoverished condi-
tion, to pay off their army and other evjiensec, they *<-ould be
nilling and ahle to make fcacc, and cede, for the objects speci-
fied, that portion of the country he had named."
Here is the picture, Mr. President, drawn to the
life, showing what the object of this bill is! Be-
fore I proceed, let us go a little beyond it and be-
hind it. The President of the United States, in his
annual message, when justifying the permission
which he had authorized to be given to Santa Ana
to return to Mexico, tells us, among other things,
that on the day that we declared war, as it is said—•
the 13th day of May—on that very day hegave the
order, or caused the order to be given, that Santa
Ana might be permitted to return to Mexico. (He
took special care, though, not to mention to us that
fact! But on that day he gave the order.)
Mr. CALHOUN here (in his seat) said: Is the
Senator certain of this ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot be mistaken about
it. The President shall speak for himself. In his
message of December last, he says:
" In view of these facts and circumstances it was, that,
when oiders were issued to the commander of our naval
forces in the Gulf, on the 13th day of Mav last, the dav on
u Inch the existence of the war had been recognised by Con-
nies, to place the coasts of Mexico under blockade, he was
dnected not to obsti uct the passage of Santa Ana to Mexico,
should he attempt to return."
Now, what were the circumstances under which
hegave the order, and the reasons which, in his
opinion, from these circumstances, justified it? He
tells us, in a preceding part of the same message,
relating to the same subject:
" Our objcct was the icstoration of peace: and with that
view, no reason was perceived why we should take part
with P.irodes, and aid lum, bv means of our blockade, in
preventing the return of ins rival to Mexico. On the con-
trary, it was believed that the intestine divisions which
ordinary satfacity could not blt anticipate as the
fruit of Santa Ana's return to Mexico, and his con-
test with paredes, might strongly tend to produce
a deposition-with both parties to restore and preserve peace
vnth the United States." 1
The intestine divisions in which he might in-
volve Mexico—an avowal upon its face that the
j controlling reason for this extraordinary conduct
j was to bring peace to the United States—to obtain
an honorable and successful termination of the war
by sending into the country of our enemy a man
to produce intestine difficulty—to overturn the
Government, not by our arms and our valor, but
through the instrumentality of one whose tyranny
had compelled the people to exile him—by the
hope that his return would be attended with intes-
tine difficulty—by revolution, involving Mexico m
civil war involving it in still greater embarrass-
ments^ than that created by the war with us, and
so to induce them to enter into a p'eacc, which, if
united, we might not be able to conquer!
Well, Santa Ana goes, accompanied by a troop
ot officers; he passes our blockade by order of the
President of the United States. The moment he
got there, he is found giving " aid and comfort" to
the enemy; and he is enabled to do so by this act
of our own President. He puts down all opposi-
tion. Ihe country apparently rises as one man at
his bidding. All Ihe resources of the nation are
put under his command. The dying hopes of the
people are revived, all by virtue of this act of the
-Fiesidentof the United States; and Santa Ana now
stands the chosen leader and most approved soldier
that Mexico for years has boasted, at the head of
nirty or forty thousand men. He leads the coun-
tiy. His will, by the very physical force which
he is able to wield, must be the will of the nation.
What the will of the nation in fact is—how firm
and resolved their determination to fight to the last
extremity, to die in the last ditch—no Senator can
doubt, who heard on another and recent occasion,
What was read by the Senator from New York,
LMr. Dix,] fiom journals published in that coun-
try. There Santa Ana is. There we ha^e not
the means as yet to meet liim. In May last, fifty
thousand men—all he asked—were placed at the
