1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Restriction of Slavery—Mr. Wilmot.
Ho. of Reps.
from my object. Sir, the history of my public
life will be brief. The page upon which it is writ-
ten shall bear record that I acted the part of a
fearless Representative; that I took my position
upon great national questions after mature deliber-
ation, and maintained it with the firmness and
consistency of a man.
Sir, it will be recollected by all present, that, at
the last session of Congress, an amendment was
moved by me to a bill of the same character as
this, in the form of a proviso, by which slavery
should be excluded from any territory that might
subsequently be acquired by the United States j
from the republic of Mexico. I
Sir, on that occasion, that proviso was sustained !
by a very decided majoiity of this House. Nay,
sir, more, it was sustained, if I mistake not, by a !
majority of the Republican party on this floor. I j
am prepared, I think, to show that the entire South !
were then willing to acquiesce in what appeared to !
be, and, in so far as the action of this House was i
concerned, what was the legislative will and dec- j
laration of the Union on this subject. It passed i
this House. Sir, there were no threats of disunion i
sounded in our ears. It passed here and went to |
the Senate, and it was the judgment of the public, |
and of men well informed, that, had it not been j
defeated there for want of time, it would have 1
passed that body and become the established law 1
of the land. Sir, the charge was not then made '
upon me, nor upon those who acted with me, of t
having, by the introduction of that proviso at an i
untimely period, defeated a measure deemed neces- J
sary by the President for the establishment of i
peace between this country and Mexico. The J
" Union," sir, the whole Democratic press of the J
land, charged the defeat of this appropriation on J
the unparliamentary conduct of a Senator from !
Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis.] He, sir, it was, that
was charged with having defeated this measure, ,
by the Administration press, and the Organ of the j
Administration here at the capital. More, si,r, the
" Union" was not sparing in its denunciations of I
the Massachusetts Senator for the defeat of this j
measure. Does this not prove that the President ;
was anxious for this appropriation under the re- !
strictions inlposed by my proviso ? Upon these •
facts, I assert that the President was willing to take ]
the money and the proviso together, and the South
were prepared to abide by the judgment and will
of the nation. ;
Sir, I have been spoken of as an Abolitionist, by |
a correspondent of the Union, because of my con-
nexion with this movement. I say to the respect- J
able editor of that paper, for whom I entertain high \
regard, that I am no more of an abolitionist than
he is a Hartford Convention Federalist, and of j
that no man, who knows his history or character, ;
will charge him. I am as far from the one, as he
is from the other. j
T assert, then, that the South was prepared^ to j
acquiesce in this lestriction of slavery from free j
territory.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, (Mr. Wilmot [
yielding the floor,) said he recollected, when the
question was under discussion here, near the close |
of the last session, that he had made remarks sus- I
taining the propriety of the two million appropna- ■
tion; but, in the course of these remarks, he de-
precated, as untimely and mischievous, the propo-
sition which came from the gentleman from Penn- i
sylvania; and the entire South, so far as he recol-
lected, (he knew he did, at least,) when the pro-
viso was voted upon, voted against it; and he !
■voted against his declared sentiments in reference
to the appropriation, so unwilling was he to give 1
any countenance to such a proviso. !
Mr. WILMOT, resuming. I was aware that |
the proviso met with no favor from the South. I
did not mean to declare that it did; and, if the
gentleman so understood me, I was misunder-
stood. 1 did not intend to say that the South
was favorable in any way to the proviso which I
offered. Her Representatives resisted it; man-
fully, boldly resisted it. But, sir, it was pmsed.
There was then no cry that the Union was to be
severed in consequence. The South, like brave
men defeated, bowed to the voice and judgment of
the nation. No, sir, no cry of disunion then. Why
now? The hesitation and the wavering of north-
ern men on this question has encouraged the South
to assume a bolder attitude. This cry of disunion
proceeds from no resolve of the South. It comes,
sir, from the cowardice of the North. Why, in
God's name, should the Union be dissolved for this
cause? What do we ask? We demand justice
and right. If this were a question of compromise,
I would yield much. Were it a question of this
character, I would go as far as any man. But it
is no question for compromise or concession. It
is a question of naked and abstract right; and, in
the language of my colleague from the Erie dis-
trict, [Mr. Thompson,] sooner shall this right
shoulder be drawn from its socket, than I will
yield one jot or tittle of the ground upon which I
stand. No concession, sir, no compromise. What,
I repeat, do we ask ? That free territory shall
remain free. We demand the neutrality of this
Government upon the question of slavery. Is
| there any complexion of Abolitionism in this, sir?
] I have stood up at home, and battled, time and
j again, against the Abolitionists of the North. I
I have assailed them publicly, upon all occasions,
j when it was proper to do so. I have met them in
, their own meetings, and face to face combated
j them. Any efforts, sir, that may be made, here
or elsewhere, to give an Abolition character to this
i movement, cannot, so far as my district and my
! people are concerned, have the least effect. Any
i efforts made to give to me the character of an Abo-
| htiomst will fall harmless when they reach my
! constituents. They know me upon this question,
j They know me distinctly upon all questions of
public interest. My opinions have ever been pro-
claimed without reserve, and adhered to without
change, or the shadow of turning. I stand by the
Constitution upon this question. I adhere to its
letter and its spirit. I would never invade one
single right of the South. So far from it, I stand
ready at all times, and upon all occasions, as do
nearly the entire North, to sustain the institutions
of the South as they exist. WThen the day of
trial comes, as many, many southern men fear it
may come, we stand ready, with our money and
our blood, to rush to the rescue. When that day
comes, sir, the North will stand, shoulder to shoul-
, der with their brethren of the South. We stand
: by the Constitution and all its compromises.
But, sir, the issue now presented is not whether
slavery shall exist unmolested where it now is,
but whether it shall be carried to new and distant
regions, now free, where the footprint of a slave
cannot be found. This, sir, is the issue. Upon
it I take my stand, and from it I cannot be fright-
ened or driven by idle charges of abolitionism. I
I ask not that slavery be abolished. I demand that
; this Government preserve the integrity of free ler-
• ritory against the aggressions of slavery—against
: its wrongful usurpations. Sir, I was in favor of
I the annexation of Texas. I supported it with my
' whole influence and strength. I was willing to
I take Texas as she was. I sought not to change
; the character of her institutions. Slavery existed
in Texas—planted there, it is tiue, in defiance of
law; still it existed. It gave character to the
country. True, it was held out to the North, that
' at least two of the five States to be formed out
' of Texas would be free. Yet, sir, the. whole of
1 Texas has been given up to slavery. The Democ-
' racy of the North, almost to a man, went for an-
j nexation. Yts, sir, here was an empire larger
than France given up to slavery. Shall further
concessions be made by the North ? Shall we give
. up free territory, the inheritance of free labor ?
1 Must we yield this also? Never, sir, never, un-
! til we ourselves are fit to be slaves. The North
may bo betrayed by her Representatives, but upon
1 this great question she will be true to herself—true
! to posterity. Defeat! Sir, there can be no de-
feat. Defeat to-day will but arouse the teeming
!' millions of the North, and lead to a more decisive
:■ and triumphant victory to-morrow.
i But, sir, we are told, that the joint blood and
' treasure of the whole country being expended in
this acquisition, therefore it should be divided, and
;! slavery allowed to take its share. Sir, the South
! hasher share alieady; the instalment for slavery
]'i was paid in advance. We are fighting this war
i | for Texas and for the South. I affirm it—every
1! intelligent man knows it—-Texas is the primary
i! cause of this war. For this, sir, northern treasure
I! is being exhausted, and northern blood poured out
|! upon the plains of Mexico. We are fighting this
li war cheerfully, not reluctantly—cheerfully fight-
ing this war for Texas; and yet we seek not to
change the character of her institutions. Slavery
is there: there let it remain. Sir, the whole his-,
tory of this question is a history of concessions on
the part of the North. The money of the North
was expended m the purchase of Louisiana, two-
thit-ds of which was given up to slavery. Again,
in the purchase of Florida, did slavery gain new
acquisitions. Slavery acquired an empire in the
annexation of Texas. Three slave States have
been admitted out of the Louisiana purchase. The
slave State of Florida has been received into the
Union; and Texas annexed, with the privilege of
making five States out of her territory. What has
the North obtained from these vast acquisitions,
purchased by the joint treasure and defended by
the common blood of the Union ? One State, sir—
one: young Iowa, just admitted into the (jnion,
and not yet represented on the floor of the Senate.
This, sir, is a history of our acquisitions since we
becamc a nation. A history of northern conces-
sion—of southern triumphs.
Now, sir, we are told that California is ours;
that New Mexico is ours—won by the valor of
our arms. They are free. Shall they remain free ?
Shall these fair provinces be the inheritance and
homes of the white labor of freemen or the black
labor of slaves? This, sir, is the issue—this the
question. The North has the right, and her rep-
resentatives here have the power. Shall the right
prevail? I fear not, sir. There is a power more
potent than the right. These fair provinces are
ours—so held, and so regarded by the Adminis-
tration. But of this I shall speak more fully here-
after. All we ask is, that their character be pre-
served. They are now free. It is a general prin-
ciple of the law of nations, that in conquered or
acquired territories, all laws therein exisling, not
inconsistent with its new allegiance, shall remain
in force until altered or repealed. This law pro-
hibits slavery in California and in New Mexico.
But the South contcnd, that in their emigration to
this free territory, they have the right to take and
hold slaves, the same as other property. Unless
the amendment I have offered be adopted, or other
early legislation is had upon this subject, they will
do so. Indeed, they unitedly, as one man, have
declared their right and purpose so to do, and the
work has already begun. Slavery follows m the
rear of our armies. Shall the war power of our
Government be exerted to produce such a result ?
Shall this Government depart from its neutrality
on this question, and lend its power and influence
to plant slavery in these territories? There is no
question of abolition here, sir. Shall the South be
permitted, by aggression, by invasion of the right,
by subduing free territory, and planting slavery
upon it, to wrest these provinces from northern
freemen, and turn them to the accomplishment of
their own sectional purposes and schemes? This
is the question. Men of the North answer. Shall
it be so ? Shall we of the North submit to it5 ff
we do, we are coward slaves, and deserve to have
the manacles fastened upon our own limbs.
Sir, it has been objected to this measure that it
was brought forwaul at an untimely period. An
attempt has been made to cast both ridicule and
reproach upon it. It is said that we are already
quarrelling about territoiy which does not belong
to us: that it will be in time to agitate this ques-
tion when the country shall be acquired. Sir, I
affirm that now is the time, and the only time. To
hesitate at sueh a crisis is to surrender the whole
ground ; to falter is to betray.
Sir, what is the policy of this Administration ?
It is fully disclosed; it is not disguised; there is no
attempt at disguising it. It is frankly avowed, and
stands out to the view of this House and of the
world. Sir, I am one of those who believe this
war just and necessary. So believing, I support
it. It was forced upon the country by the folly
and madness of our enemy. We were compelled
j to take up arms and vindicate our character and
! national honor. But, sir, when the first blow was
struck on the banks of the Rio Grande—from the
: time that the news first reached this Capitol—the
i policy of the Administration has been fixed, irrev-
\ oeably fixed, that we shall never lay down our
1 arms until indemnity is made in territory for the
expenses, in pait at least, of this war, and for the
claims of our citizens. Such is the settled policy
of the Administration; there is no disguise, no con-
