$6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 8,
29th Cong.....2b Sess.
Restriction of Slavery—Mr. Wilmot.
Ho. of Reps.
cealment about it. Xb proof of this, it would be
sufficient for me to refer to the instructions given
to General Kearny and Commodore Stockton. The
policy of this Administration, I have said, was
fixed and settled, and I trust irrevocably settled.
It is to require indemnity ia territory. Peace is
desired, eminently desired by the Administration
and its friends; but with peace must come indem-
nity and territory. This declaration was frankly
made here to day by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll.]
In the Senate, Mr. Sevier, chairman of the same
committee in that body, made a similar declara-
tion. I will read an extract from the speech of
Mr. Sevier on this point:
<k III making peace, of course the United States would
expect to i«jecive indemnity, to some extent at least, for the
expenses of the war, and they would also expect the pay-
ment of the claims held by our citizens against the republic
of Mexico, and tins indemnity was expected in the &hape of
territory. He was not auilwrized to state precisely what
territory this Government would require, but he supposed
that no Senator would think they ought to get less than New
Mexico and Upper California. He did not suppose a treaty
of peace with less than that would pass this body."
Here, sir, is the direct, explicit declaration, made
by the chairman of the Committee on Foreigfh Re-
lations in the Senate, who holds daily confidential
intercourse with the President, and who therefore
may be taken to speak by authority for the Ad-
ministration. Nay, sir, more: this declaration was
made by Mr. Sevier upon the occasion of his in-
troducing in the Senate a bill identical in character
with the one now under consideration. Yet my
colleague from the Adams district, [Mr. Mc-
Clean,] who has given an indication of his inten-
tion to oppose this amendment, closes his speech
by declaring that he believes no territory is to be
acquired." Sir, does my colleague believe that
this Administration is to disgrace itself in the eyes
of the American people and of the world? Does
he believe that his own party is to recede from the
high ground it has taken? No; it is the fixed policy
of this Administration, approved by the Demo-
cratic paity, to require indemnity from Mexico in
territory, and the declaration has been solemnly
made to the country and the world.
The instruction given to Commodore Stockton
was, to plant our flag upon Upper California, and
not to lower it under any circumstances. General
lvearny has gone so far as to lay down a funda-
mental law for the government of New Mexico.
Nothing of the kind has been done in the other
provinces overrun by our arms. This, sir, is sig-
nificant; it shows to what particular territory the
Administration looks. It is, sir, to the acquisition
of Upper California and New Mexico. One thing
further in confirmation of this design on the part
of the Administration. I read from the Union of i
the 4th instant. The editor is commenting upon
the resolution offered by a Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Berrien,J declaring that peace ought to be
made without acquiring any territory: ;
" L(jt the Federal leader-! pursue their indicated policy. I
The lroe people of thi.s country will repudiate and dc pi*c I
it.'*'
I call upon my colleague [Mr. McClean] to ;
notice this language: |.
" Wo are &urc that no member of Congress who owes the
pioper allegiance to the great causc of the Deiuoi ralie p.iru,
wtli so fat forget the honor of hN country, the dem.md-* of a
galiant people, or his own chaiactoi, as to lead anv counte-
nance to t,o absurd and extiaordmaiy a proposition."
Yet my honorable colleague closes his speech
with the declaration, that "'he believes no territo-
ry is to be acquired."
[Some gentleman was here understood to sug-
gest, that the resolution which called forth this
article m the " Union" was of a different character
from that which Mr. W. had imputed to it.l
No, sir, (said Mr. W ,) it relates to the acqui-
sition of territory; it recommends that the army
be withdrawn, and peace made without the acqui-
sition of territory. ;
Mr. W. concluded reading the article: !
" We but echo the views of a patriotic people, without
regard to party distinction-, when we respectfully call upon
Congress promptly to reject and rebuke so unpatriotic a pro-
ject." j
If I recollect aright the "project," it was, that 1
we withdraw our army, and offer terms of peace !
- without demanding territory. It is this "project" 1
which the Union denounces—it is this proposition ,
which Mr. Sevier repudiates, and which my friend '
from Philadelphia [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll] dis-
claims.
But, sir, the " Union" holds even more explicit
language upon this subject. In a subsequent num-
ber of that paper, the editor discourses thus, in
reference to the designs of the Opposition:
"The curtain rises slowly on the designs of the Oppo-
sition, and the nation wiil learn, with astonishment and
indignation, the position which it is believed they are about
to occupy. If we aie not mistaken in the signs of the times,
they mean to abandon ail idea of actual and solid indemnity
from Mexico. They mean to abandon California, to
tear down the flag of the Union which floats over it, and
re-suriender it to Mexico, ultimately to fall into the hands
of England, or at least under her commercial control. Such
open and wonderful abandonmentof the rights and inlet ests
of this country, for the purpose of a possible party triumph,
has never heretofore been witnessed in the Union. We
invite the attention of the American people to the great
issue. We are to be held up by the Opposition party, in
consequence of greatly exaggerated domestic difficulties, to
the contcmpt and derision ot the world, as incapable ot self-
government. For the hope of a party tnumph, Oalifornia is
to be sacrificed, and, mark the consequences: th ■ disgraceful
surrender of California leads^to the loss of Oregon, to the loss
of the trade of Jlsia, and the exclusion of our flag from, the
Pacific coast. The lights and interest of the country are, in
effect, to be as nothing, so that the Federal leaders may
have a chance of tuumpli. And is it^ indeed, so, that the
country is to bo injured, our flag torn down, and a dishonor-
able surrender h to be made of California, that the Federal
ists may succeed m a paity contest? We must freely, but
lespeetfuily, say to the Fcdeiahsts, if this be their course,
the country will not second the unpatriotic and anti-Ameri-
can movement. No Democrat, true to his principles and his
cause, can be for the surrender of California."
Mark the language, sir, California abandon-
ed, sacrificed, surrendered. " The flag Of the
Union torn doiuit." "Jin open and wonderful aban-
donment of the rights of the country."
Sir, is this proposition of mine too early? Is it
out of season ? Must we of the North wait until
the territory is " acquired V Ay, sir, we are to be
dosed with narcotics—to be manipulated into a
state of somnambulism, and not allowed to wake
up until the deed of shame is accomplished, and
California and New Mexico are teeming with
slaves. Then we shall be told that we are too
late. Sir, if we permit this, we shall justly merit
the insulting epithet so often applied by the Whigs
to the Demociacy of the North, of "Northern
Dough-faces." We shall deserve the taunting
language used by John Randolph towards the
North, when he said, in the debate on the Mis-
souri question:
" uro d(t not govern them by our black slaves, but by their
own white slaves. We know what we are doing—we have
com jiu ied you once, and we can again—and we will con-
quer > ouabain. Ay, bir, we will drive \on to the WdlJ, and
when we have yoil there once, we mean Jo keep you there,
and naii you down like base money."
When, sir, in God's name, will the time come
for the North to speak out? Our standard is in
California—our Hag floats over New Mexico. The
organ of the Administration proclaims to the world
that these territories are ours, not to be " abandon-
ed, sacrificed, or surrendered;" our troops are there,
and an armed body of emigrants has been sent for-
ward permanently to occupy and hold the country.
The whole South rise up here, and declare that
they will plant slavery in those countiies; and yet
we are told that it is not time for the North to act;
this, too, by northern men 1 One finds an excuse
for the betrayal of the North, under the declaration
that he "believes 110 territory will be acquired;"
another denounces my amendment as " puerile,
out of time and out of place;" a third seeks refuge
from the indignation of a betrayed constituency,
under the idle plea that my proposition embarras-
ses the Administration, and tends to prevent a vig-
orous prosecution of the war. I shall notice tlus
last accusation more at length hereafter.
My friend from Philadelphia, [Mr. C. J. Inger- (
soll,] gives me a consoling assurance; he says that
a slave cannot live 111 California—that the country j
is not adapted to slave labor. Sir, as much as I j
respect his judgment and opinions, yet in the face
of the declarations of the whole South, I cannot '
safely rely upon his. This country is as well, if [
not better, adapted for slave labor, than is Ken- '
tucky, Tennessee, or Missouri. Every southern !
man declares they will hold it for slavery; that all
below 36° 30' shall be slave territory. And yet it
is not the proper time now! The President's policy
is fixed; the South declare their purpose; and yet
northern men flinch meeting the issue !
Again, sir, it is objected, that this amendment
will defeat the bill, why defeat the bill ? If north-
ern men would act with the same feeling and unity
of the South, my amendment would carry the bill,
and its defeat would be inevitable without it. Sir,
if the North is true to herself, the bill will be de-
feated, if my amendment is lost. An idle, pettifog-
ging pretence is set up, by a portion of the press,
with the "Union" at their head, that my amend-
ment, in some way, will affect the terms of a treaty
with Mexico. That if it pass, Mexico will have
something to say about our domestic affairs; that
she would be called upon to negotiate about sla-
very. Sir, those who hold out such ideas to the
public know they are deceptive and uncandid. The
organ of the party here at the capital ought at least
to present the issue fairly before the public. The
northern Democracy may at least claim not to be
misrepresented in the columns of a paper profes-
sing to speak for, and to represent the whole party.
My amendment has nothing to do with the terms
of any treaty the President may negotiate; and
those who hold out to the public a different im-
pression must know it. It does not require him
to say one word about slavery. He would use the
money, and make the treaty, precisely as he would
if myamendment were notthere. It is amere legis-
lative declaration, that any territory which we may
obtain, under a treaty of limits and boundaries,
shall remain as we find it—free. It has nothing
whatever to do with the terras and stipulations of
the treaty.
Sir, an honorable gentleman from the South, I
believe the one at my side, [Mr. Burt,] made the
proud declaration a few days since on this floor,
that " we have no traitors at the South." Would
that I could throw back the proud boast, "we have
no traitors in the North." It seemed to me, sir,
at the time, as if the declaration was made with
that pride which a brave man feels, when he knows
that he is surrounded by brave and firm associates.
But if this measure which only a few months since
received the support of a large majority of this
House, is to be smothered in committee, where no
record remains of men's votes—to be stifled, put
down; if the men 011 whom we rely for support
falter in the hour of need, I shall understand the
proud boast of the South, as a withering, burning*
sarcasm on the North. The cheek of a northern
man should burn as a red-hot cinder under it.
Yes, sir, "there are no traitors in the South."
The South is true to her supposed interest on this
question. Once, sir, the North, too, stood true on
this question. The State of Penn was true to her
character and her history. Every Representative
from Pennsylvania who was present voted at the
last session in favor of the proviso I offered. I
trust it will be so again. We shall see. Why,
sir, should we fear for the action of northern men
011 this question? It is right, sir; it is just; it is
timely. If ever a declaration against the exten-
sion of slavery over a free territory is to be effec-
tual, it must be made now. Wait! Why, sir,
while we are waiting slavery is pushing onward.
Already has the southern slavery of this Union
been transplanted into New Mexico. The funda-
mental law which General Kearny laid down for
the government, of that country bears the impress
and proves the existence of slavery. Yes, sir,
j slavery is there, yet northern men advise delay;
j sneer, sir, at this movement as " puerile and eluld-
\ ish." The constitution or fundamental law, which
j General Kearny lays down for the government of
| ^JIat country, 111 prescribing the qualifications of
! electors, says: " Every free male" shall be en-
j titled to the right of suffrage, &c. Does this not
1 imply that there are males there not free ? Already,
j sir, 011 the route of travel between Missouri and
j New Mexico slaves are found, who are being re-
j moved thither. Slavery is there, sir—there, in
I defiance of law. Slavery does not wait for all the
! forms of annexation to be consummated. It is on
the move, sir. It is in New Mexico. It is in
j Oregon. ^ Yes, sir, it is in Oregon; and this day,
; in that distant territory of the Union, does the lash
of the Missouri master drive his negro slaves to
; the field of labor. We passed but a few days a°-o
| through this House a bill for the establishment of
a territorial government in Oregon, in which we
I excluded slavery from that territory. The slavery
: restriction has been struck out from that bill by
the Senate committee, a* majority of whom are
southern men, and a clause inserted establishing
slavery. Yet, sir in the face of all these facts, we
