318
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 8,
29th Cong 2i> Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Strong.
Ho. of Reps.
pose, sir, that the States do own the territories,
and that this Government holds them merely as
trustee, will the gentleman inform me what acts
these "joint-tenants and co-sovereigns" can exer-
cise over their property? Can South Carolina,
legislate for it? And if so, for how much, or to^
what extent? And how large is the control of
Pennsylvania over it? Without stopping to in-
quire where 'the right of property is, one thing is
clear, the States can act upon territory only through
this General Government. I maintain that this Gov-
ernment, so far as the territory of the Union is con-
cerned, is sovereign within the limits of the Con-
stitution.
Every argument of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] against my amendment,
applies with equal force against the ordinance
of 1787, and against the Missouri compromise.
Great questions of constitutional rigjit—of the
rights of the people and the States—are not deter-
mined by parallels of latitude and longitude. If
this proposition invades the constitutional rights of
the South, then did the Missouri compromise. If
we have no right to say, that-slavery shall notexist
in New Mexico and California, then we had no
right to say that it should not go north of the Mis-
souri compromise line.
I would have been glad, as objections have been
made to the manner of introducing this question,
to have had an opportunity of introducing an indc-
Sendent proposition, standing isolated and alone.
ut every man knows that no such opportunity
1ms or can be offered, under the rules of this House.
Those who say they would support such a pro-
position, but oppose my amendment, know that
it is utterly impossible to get it before the House.
A resolution of that character can only be brought
before the House by suspending the rules, and that
requires a vote of two-thirds. Action might be had
upon it, by offering it on resolution day, and im-
mediately demanding the previous question; but
such a clay we have not had since the early part of
the session, and will not again have to its close;
and, again, I would not attempt to force through
so important a proposition under the press of the
pre^ous question, and without opportunity for
one word of debate. I had a resolution drawn for
more than three weeks, and could not advance so
far as to obtain the floor and make a motion that
the rules be suspended to receive it. I abandoned
it as idle and useless, and came back to this bill as
the proper and only place wheie I could bring my
proposition before the House.
Sit, 1 have said before, that I have no morbid
sympathies upon the subject of slavery; still, I re-
gard it as a great social and political evil—a blight
and deadly mildew upon any country or State in
which it exists. I regard it as the most difficult
and dangerous problem which we will have to j
work out in tins free Government. If we go back
to the period of the establishment of our Constitu-
tion, we find there were six slave and seven free
States; the slave States containing an area of some
fifty thousand square miles more than the free,
with about an equal population. Now, these free
States have double the population of the slave. I
Why is this? In the Revolution, Massachusetts !
furnished more men for carrying on the war than i
the entire slave States. How happened this ? Not j
from any want of patriotism on the part of the j
South, but from the want of ability, growing out |
of this institution. Where the men who labor j
are slaves, you cannot place arms in their hands; i
and H is the free laboring man who constitutes the !
strength and defence of his country on the field of I
battle. If this war continue, Pennsylvania will, :
if permitted, I believe, send more men into the j
field than the entire six original slave States. Not i
that Pennsylvania would be more forward than :
they m the vindication of the honor of the eoun- !
try, but because she has the men; and, owing to j
this peculiar institution of the South, they have ;
them not. Their laborers cannot take up arms; ■
indeed, they dare not form them into military or- j
gamzations,and teach them the use of the weapons i
of war. Why is it that Virginia, the 44 mother of
Slates1'—that State which has ever been foremost
in the vindication of the rights of the States, and
of the liberties of the people—-why is it that the (
sun of the glorious " Old Dominion" is not still j
in the ascendant? She stood fust—before New i
York, before Pennsylvania—and now she is out- >
stripped by States that have grown up within the
memory of the present generation. Why is it?
Can any doubt that slavery is the cause ?
Again, contrast Ohio with Kentucky. Why-
has the former left so far behind the latter, in the
race of prosperity and greatness? It is wholly
owing to slavery in the one and not in the other.
There is always a lack of that energy and enter-
prise in slave labor, which is to be found in free
labor. I verily believe that the laborer of the
North, who goes into the wilderness to hew him-
self out a home, does more work than three slaves,
while he consumes or wastes less. Nothing is
neglected by him; his eye sees everything that
requires attention. It is the enterprise, the dili-
gence, and the economy of free labor, that has
built up new empires in the West, while the South
has been falling back into decrepitude and decay.
Sir, contrast Michigan with Arkansas. Within
the last twenty years, the former has assumed a
high position among the States of this Union. She
exhibits at this day all the elements and resources
of a great State; cities, flourishing towns, and
highly cultivated fields, with a population that out-
numbers three or four times that of Arkansas.
Yet, Arkansas has even a better soil, and superior
natural advantages. What is the cause of this dis-
parity? It is slavery, sir, and that alone. Slave
labor exhausts, and makes barren the fields it cul-
tivates. That labor is only profitable to the mas-
ter in the production of the staples of cotton, sugar,
and tobacco. Crop follows crop, until the fertility
of the soil is exhausted, when the old fields are
abandoned, new and virgin soil sought out, to be
exhausted in the same manner, and in its turn
likewise abandoned. Thus, sir, sterility follows
its path. Eastern Virginia, unrivalled in the fer-
tility of its soil, and in the geniality of its climate,
with navigable rivers and harbors unsurpassed in
commercial importance, is this day but little better
than a barren waste. The free labor of the North
has commenced the work of regeneiation, and to
this alone can Eastern Virginia look for redemp-
tion and renewed prosperity.
Sir, as a friend of the Union, as a lover of my
country, and in no spirit of hostility to the South,
I offered my amendment. Viewing slavery as I
do, I must resist its further extension and propa-
gation on the North American continent. It is an
evil, the magnitude and the end of which, no man
can see. Mr. Walker, in his celebrated Texas
letter, urged the policy of annexation, as a means
and aid in the final abolition of slavery. By the
annexation of Texas, he said, a frontier of two
thousand miles in extent would be opened, border-
i ing on Mexico, over which our slave and black
1 population, as it should press upon the country,
could pass, and become mingled with the mixed
races of Mexico and South Amenca. Sir, I
thought at the time, and still think, that there was
much force in this argument. But if we take the
very country that was to be their refuge, and sub-
vert it for slavery, what becomes of the reasoning
and argument of Mr. Walker?
[Here the hour expired, and Mr. Wilmot was
broken off m his remarks.]
THE WILMOT PROVISO.
SPEECH OF MR. S. STRONG,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 8, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, on the " Bill making
' further provision for the expenses attending the
' intercourse between the United States and foreign
'nations," usually called the three million bill,
(Mr. Norris, of New Hampshire, in the chair,)
Mr. Wilmot, of Pennsylvania, offered the follow-
ing amendment:
" tdnd, be it juither waited, That there shall be neither
slavery nor involuntary servitude in any territojy on tiie
continent of Ainouca which shall hereafter he .uquiu'ri by
or annexed to the United States by virtue ot thu appropna-
tion, or in any otliei mumier whatsoever, except for cnme 
whereof the party shall have been duK convicted : Provided,
always, That any per?on escaping into such tenitory from
whom labor or service lawfully claimed in any one of tne
United States, such fugitive may be lawfully reclaimed and
conveyed out of said territory to the peison claiming his or
her labor or service.'5
Objection being made by Mr. Dr.omgoole| of
Virginia, who raised a question of order, it was
temporarily withdrawn by the niover, who sup-
ported it in a speech at length; when, having con-
cluded, Mr. Strong, of New York, obtained the
floor. Mr. Dromgoole still peisisting in rais-
ing the question of order, and insisting that there
was no question before the committee, Mr. S., still
claiming the floor, in order to prevent further inter-
ruption, moved to strikeout the words l< three mil-
lions," in the second section of the bill, and insert
" two millions.51
Mr. STRONG then addressed the committee as
follows:
Mr. Chairman: The bill now before the com-
mittee, and the amendment offered by the honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilmot,]
make it a matter of duty, as I conceive, as well as
of propriety, that I should ask the attention of the
House to the views which will govern my vote in
relation to both; for I will, with permission, assume
that they are both properly under consideration.
This will be the more excusable from the fact, that
from the commencement of the session up to the
present hour, no matter what was the subject os-
tensibly before the House in Committee of the
Whole, there has been but one set of topics dis-
cussed—the conduct of the President, the war, and
slavery. This is the first time, however, that this
last agitating subject is brought directly and in due
form before the House; and I have, in consequence,
! remained silent hitherto up to this time. I feel it
! the more incumbent on me to express my views
' now, because the vote which I believe it to be my
duty to give will be different from some, perhaps
from many, of my respected colleagues. I am per-
suaded, nevertheless, that this vote will be m ac-
cordance with the feelings and opinions not only
of the democracy of my district, but also of the
great majority of the democracy of the State of
I New York, and of the North generally. Such, I
! apprehend, will continue to be the sentiments and
| views of the northern democracy. Sir, I am in
favor of the bill as recommended by the President,
and entirely opposed to this proviso. I shall vote
for the one, and not for the other. I will oppose
this proviso at the present time, come in what shape
it may, and whatever garb it may assume. It is
ill-timed; out of place; has no business here; can
do no good; and is calculated to produce, as it has
produced, nothing but mischief—absolute, unmiti-
gated evil. But let us review the course of events
for a moment. At the commencement of the pres-
ent session the President sent us, as was his duty,
and in conformity with established usage, his an-
nual message. In that document the following
language occurs, which has so often been quoted,
and which has afforded the pretext, in certain quar-
ters, for the most malignant and bitter assaults
upon the Chief Magistrate of this nation that ge-
nius and intellects disordered by passion, could
devise;
a i deem it to be my duty to present to you, on the pres-
ent occasion, a condensed renew of the injuries we had
sustained, ot the causes which led to the war, and of m
pi ogress since it-3 commencement. This is rendered the
more necessary because of the misapprehensions which
ha\e to s-ome extent prevailed as to its origin and true char-
acter. The war has been represented a  unjust and unne-
cessary, and as one of acare^MOii on our part upon a weak
and injured enemy. Such enoneous views, though enter-
tained by but few, have been widely and extensively circu-
lated not only at home, but have been spiead throughout
Mexico and the whole world. A more effectual means
could not have been devised to encoui rure the <. nerriv and
protract the war than to advocate and adhere to their cause,
and thus <>ive them ' aid and comloit.' "
Observe, now, the phraseology of this much
abused and perverted sentence. The Piesiderit
deems it liis "duty"to present a condensed re-
view of the "injuries we had received, of the
causes of the war, and of its progress since its
commencement." Certainly, nothing wrong or
offensive in this. The President thinks tins is the
more necessary, becnuse of the " misapprehen-
sions'' which have prevailed " to some extent,"
as to its origin and character. Nothing in this,
surely, to be either denied or found fault with.
The war, says the President, has been " repre-
sented''as "unjust and unnecessary, and as one
of
aggression on our part." This will not be
questioned, and therefore there can be no just
cause of complaint. "Such erroneous views,"
again says the President, " though entertained but
by few, have been widely and extensively circu-
