320
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 8,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wihnot Proviso—-Mr. Strong.
Ho. of Reps.
of Congress. It made a strong impression upon
us both; and though we were willing to believe
these Hartford conventionists ^guilty of almost
everything wicked and corrupt, this plan appeared
to us too bold, absurd, and impracticable, and we
really believed that our friend South wick had been
mistaken or grossly deceived. Judgfe, sir, my sur-
prise and astonishment when, almost twenty years
afterwards, I saw this stat^pient confirmed by high
British authority. " The United Service Journal,"
Subhshed in London, has an article in the May
'o. for 1840, which I have before me, and I ask the
Clerk to read an extract marked in the margin.
[The book being sent to the Clerk, he read as
follows:]
Amongst the many dangers to which the American re-
public must Always be exposed in a war with Great Britain,
not the least is that of a split amongst themselves, and con-
sequent break up of their Federal Union. The slave question
is a wedge strong enough to effect tkis at any time; but we
could employ another nearly*as powerful. The last war
proved mo^t ruinous to the shipping and mercantile inter-
ests of the Nmv England States; for what compensation
was it to the merchant or ship-owner, whom our cruisers
had despoiled of his all, that a few British prizes were cap-
tured, and now and then brought safely into American ports ?
The 1'armeis in the western States, however, obtained high
prices fur the beef, pork, flour, &c., supplied to their troop;,
dock-yard-*, ships-ot-war, &c., and were too removed from
the eoa->t to suffer any inconvenience from our expeditions.
They, therefore, wished the war to continue. Not so the
New Englanders; they, on the contrary, began to cast about
and to see how they could best extiicate themselves fiom
the --tiait into which the mad policy o  Mr. Madison and the
Gmeial Government had driven them. The inhabitants of
the Island of Nantucket made an overture to our command-
4jt-in chief to remain pr'ifef tly m utral dtumg tlio war, ex-
eluding the armed vessels of"both belli eiants from their
harbois, whilst, in another quarter, a far more extensive
s. heme of 4 nullification' was seriously set on fool, and
beean to make rapid pro«res< amoog-t some of the mo«t
re«|)uefable and influential inhabitants of New England.
TnKwas to scpaiate the noithein and eastern from the
southern and western States; to establish a limited monar-
chy in the firs>t~named States, placing one of our princes of
tue blood on the throne, and >trengtherung tiie new trans-
atlantic kingdom by an alliance, offensive ;md defensive,
with England. „ The tieaty of Ghent put a stop to the cor-
respondence which was in active progress on this subject.
But that correspondence is shll in existence; and, however
improbable it may appear to Yankee pride, weio a war to
break out again between us, something similar would occur
before the ' United States' weie two years older. The de-
struction of the public buildings at the nominal seat of the
Fed. r.il Government, it was conceived, would, indirectly,
if not directly, forward the views of the New England sepa-
ratists."
Snch, Mr. Chairman, were the men, and such
their objects, with whom Mr. Jay was personally
associated. Their political crecd was the same.
Now, sir, I submit whether the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. wrntimop] is more
fortunate in the example he has selected for his
imitation, or the authority under which he seeks
shelter, than the honorable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings.] Well, this debate continued for
weeks, to the entire neglect of the more impoitant
business of the session. At length a voice began
to come back to us from all parts of the country,
which these gentlemen and their party could not
and dared not wholly disregtud. They found
themselves placed in hostility and collision with
the universal public sentiment of the country in
regard to the war m which we are engaged. The
country is for the war. Their speeches and decla-
rations placed them in opposition to it. The
friends of the President and of the Administration
had succeeded in sustaining and justifying then-
conduct before the House, the country, and the
world. The bitter waters of strife began to sub-
side; our opponents seemed tired of the contest 
willing to be quiet; and there seemed to be a pros-
pect and a disposition yet to attend to the pressing ;
business of the country, hithcito neglected, short
as was the remaining poition of the session. But,
Mr. Chairman, I regret to say that at this appa- i
lently auspicious moment, one of my esteemed col- \
leagues, who sits before me, [Mr. Preston Ivixc,] ■
agentlcman of great legislative experience, a prom-
inent Democrat hither in the State from whence
wo. both come and in part represent, much my su-
perior m everything except in age, should have
felr it to be his duty to introduce a bill here,-in sub- ,
stance like the one before the committee, contain-■
ing this obnoxious pioviso—out of order—and, by '
management and skill, derived from his knowledge
of parliamentary rules, seek occasion to give his
views, m a set speech, in favor of a proposition \
not before the House, which could not, by the !
rules, be entertained at that time, and which, when
it should be mttoduced, could produce no other  
effect than to distract the Democratic party, divide
our counsels, embarrass the Administration, im-
pede the successful prosecution of the Var, and,
whilst professing friendship fortheAdministration,
and a desire to prosecute the war with,vigor, really
and in effect placed a portion of the Democratic
party, who should act with him, in advance of the
Whigs and Abolitionists in opposition to the war,
and in close communion and fellowship with them.
Such has been the result. From that instant the
war of debate has beeft carried on, not by the two
great parties that divide our country, the Demo-
crats and the Federalists, but between Democrats—
those alone who profess to sustain the Adminis-
tration. The Abolitionists and the Whigs have
since remained nearly quiet, laughing with exulta-
tion at our quarrel—rejoiced to find that a portion
of the Democracy have not only joined their stand-
ard, but turned upon their friends the weapons of
their adversaries—those which the latter have
heretofore exclusively employed. Now,v sir, I
have no desire to impute motives to my colleague.
I only speak of acts and their necessary results.
In ordinary life, we say a man is responsible for
his acts, because he is presumed to know their
tendency and consequences, and from thence the
intention and design with which those acts are
performed are inferred. Whilst, therefore, I do
not permit myself thus to judge of the course of
my colleague and those who act with him, our
constituency and the country will form their own
! judgment. They will," at least, perceive some
striking coincidences of action between this move
here and a corresponding one in other legislative
bodies remote from this. The legislatures of New
York and Pennsylvania were and still remain in
session. The question was, immediately after its
introduction here, taken up in both; and after a
short debate, resolutions were parsed in relation
thereto, arid sent to us without delay. Was there
a concerted plan between certain pohtieans in
Washington and in those States to manufacture
public sentiment to aid the movement here ? I will
not say so, or impute any such motive; but the
public mind at the North has become excited m
consequence. So far as public opinion there has
disclosed itself, it condemns theintroductionof this
topic here at the present moment, and under the
existing relations of the country. But it was ad-
vocated by another of my honorable colleagues,
[Mr. CitovER,] for whom I entertain great regard,
and whose speech enlightened me. I was aston-
ished at the time and manner of introducing the
subject here. I could not comprehend its design
and object. I am not in the secrets of politicians,
and have not much knowledge of what is passing
behind the scenes. But after the speech of my
colleague now m my eye, [Mr. Grover,] I began
to imagine that I understood the matter a little,
and had got a glimpse of the secret springs which
put this daik ball in motion. I carefully noted his
remarks. He alluded to the introduction of the
" Wilmot proviso" at the last session of Congress:
declared that he advised and advocated the bring-
ing it forward at that time, and gave, as a reason,
that it had been "iterated and reiterated" at the
North, and the opinion spread broadcast over the
land theie, that this was a war of conquest made
for the extension of slavery; and that the Demo-
crats of the North began, in consequence, to dis-
trust the war, and to give it a doubtful support;
and that it was necessary for Congress to quiet
their doubts and apprehensions by some declaration
like that contained in this famous proviso. Sir,
this, I confess, was a new revelation to me—a sen-
timent and a feeling at the North I never heard or I
dreamed of before. I could not but remember, huw- ;
ever, that when the action of Congress was invoked J
at the last session in regard to this matter, it was !
only a few weeks before the nomination for Govern- j
or in New York; that every effort was then making J
by men who were supposed to have had an agency
in concocting this proviso, and who sustained it, 1
to bring forward Governor Wright as a candidate !
for reelection, against the wishes of that part of ]
the Democracy of New York who had most zeal- |
ously sustained Mr. Polk and his Administration, \]
and with express reference, as was declared by his I
friends m that Stale, to the next Presidential elec- j
tion. The Northern Democracy in doubt, and
hesitating about the objects of the war? Nonsense! j
There is not a log cabin, either in the honorable |
gentleman's district or mine, whose inmates do not
understand this matter as well as he or myself.
They are perfectly familiar with the subject. But
it would have been gratifying to mc, had my friend
given us a more particular account of the origin of
this so-called " Wilmot proviso," and ofthesource
from whence it emanated. I presume he could do
it. It would, no doubt, be highly amusing, and
not ^wholly uninstructive as a piece of history.
Perhaps my honorable colleague from the Sara-
toga district, [Mr. White,] or the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Brinkerhoff,] who, I
understand, published a card to his constituents,
claiming to be its author, could give us some in-
formation. At all events, I pronounce it ofFederal
origin; an old device; a mere clap-trap, often here-
tofore resorted to by them to make disturbance
between the different sections of the country, and
none the better now for being introduced here by
professed Democrats. I venture also to predict, that
when the truth is known, all the glory which my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] can justly
claim in conjunction with it, is the being made
the vehicle, the mere conduit, through which this
blaek proviso was ushered into the House; be-
cause its authors were either ashamed, or averse,
from some other cause, to placing themselves in
that attitude before the House and the country.
Alas ! for fame. Upon such trifling accidents,
sometimes, hang the celebrity and the fortunes of
men. But we have certainly before us a very
novel and strange spectacle in this debate—a union
of the Federalists, the Abolitionists, and a branch
of the Democratic party; which last, I suppose,
may properly be denominated the Democratic-
Abolmon-Whig branch of the Opposition; all using
the same arguments, and acting in concert for the
accomplishment of a common object—hostility to,
and a desire to embarrass, the present Administra-
tion. Sir, I have in my hand a document which I
will send the Clerk, and ask him to read, and
which, I think, will go far towards explaining the
course which some ofmy honorable colleagues take
in this matter. It is familiarly known in New York
as the " secret circular," and was put forth imme-
diately after the nomination of Mr. Polk for the
Presidency.
[" confidential.]
" Sir: You will doubtless agree with us, that the late Bal-
timore Conventionplaced the Democratic patty at the North
in a position of great dijfirulty. We are constantly reminded
that it rejected Mr. Van Buren, and nominated Mr. Polk,
for reasons connected icith the immediate annej-utmn of Texas
—reason's which had no relations to the principles
or tue party. Nor was that all. The convention vent
beyond the authority delegated to its members, aiul adopted a
rewlutivn on the subject of Texas—a subject not before the
country when they were elected—upon which, therefore,
thev were not instructed, which see\s TO INTERPOLATE
INTO THE PARTY CODE A NEW DOCTRINE, hith-
erto unknown* among us—at war with <;omeof our established
principles, and abhorrent to the opinions and feelings of a
great majority of .northern freemen. In this po-itioa, what
was the party at the North to do > Wa^itto reject the nom-
inations and abandon the content; or should n support the
nominations, rejecting the untenable doctrine vnte,polated at
the convention, and taking care that their support should be
accompanied vrith &uch an erpress-ion of their opinion as to
prevent its being misrepresented ?
"The latter alternative has been preferred; and we think
wisely, tor we conceive that a pioper expression of their
opinions will save their vote-' from misconstruction, and
that proper efforts will secure the nomination of \wh mem-
cf^rr°J as vnll reject the UNWARRANTABLE
bCIIEMEh nou> prosed upon the country. With these
views, assuming tfiat vou feel on this Mihject as we do, we
nave been dusued to address you, and to invite cooperation
ot yourselt and other fuends throughout the State.
" 1st. In. the publication of a joint letter dcdarinz our pur'
pose to support the nominations. REJECTING THE RESO-
LUTIONS RESPECTING TEXAS. " ~
"2d. Li promoting and supporting at the next elections the
nomination for Congress of iuch persons as concur in these
opinions.
(K 11 your views in this matter coincide with ours, please
write to some one of ih, <tnd <i di.m^ht of the proposed let-
ter will he forwarded for examination.
" Very ic^wott'ully,
'•GEORGE P. BARKER,
"JOHN W. EDMONDS,
"THEODORE SEDGWICK,
"WM. C. BRYANT,
"DAVID DUDLEY FIELD,
"THOS. W. TUCKER,
"ISAAC TOWNSEND."
" P. S.—A copy of this circular has been sent to the fol-
lowing gentlemen: Michael Hoffman, Albert H. Tracy,
Hiram Gardiner, Addison Gardiner, Samuel Selden, Henrv
Selden, Ashley Sampson, J.Osborn, Hiram Gray, Jared
N Wilson, Jame* M. Smith, Titos. G. Taioott, Wrii. Allen,
Jbreeboin Jewett, Daniel Chandler, Hiram D.mio, John
i racy, Jabez D. Hammond, John I. De Graff, N. L. Benton
Preston King, Ransom Giilett, Satnuel Young, L. StcNon'
James b. Spencer, David L. Seymour, David Buel, Uarma-
