1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
32f
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Strong.
New Series No. 21.
nus Blceeker, A. C. Flag?, Robert McLellan, R. D. Davis,
James Powers, Archibald Niven, Nathaniel Jones, John
W. Lawrence, and will be sent to any other persons you
may wish."
This, sir, is the key by which to explain "many
things, which otherwise would be entirely inex-
plicable. The combination then formed "against
President Polk and the party which elected him has
continued its opposition to the present time. It is
seen here, as well as elsewhere. The gentlemen
to whom it was addressed did not all participate in
the designs or opinions expressed therein; but the
men who signed it, and those who acquiesced in
their views, have kept up an active opposition to
the present Administration. Whilst professing to
be its friends, they have acted with its enemies.
Mr. P. KING. As I am one of those to whom
this circular was addrrssed, I wish to state, that on
its receipt, I replied immediately, disapproving of
the sentiments it contained, and declining to have
anything to do with its suggestions.
Mr. J. W. LAWRENCE. I am desirous to
say that I, too, am one of the persons referred to;
but that I wrote an answer at once, stating that I
was in favor of the annexation of Texas.
Mr. GORDON. This circular was not address-
ed to me; I know nothing of it; therefore, cannot
be supposed to be influenced in my coursc here by
anything connected with that paper. I advocated
the admission of Texas.
Mr. STRONG. I had no reference to my hon-
orable colleague last up, in my remark. He was at
first half right, but backed out.
Mr. GORDON. I have not backed out; my col-
league has backed out. I voted for the " Wilmot
proviso" at the last session; so did my colleague;
i vote so now, but he does not.
Mr. STRONG* resuming. Yes, I voted on the
final vote last session in favor of the " proviso,"
when it was found the bill could not pass; but
under protest at the time, as my colleague well
knows, and for the purpose of moving a reconsid-
eration if it should be thought advisable. But my
colleague declares that he believes this to be the
wrong time to introduce such a question here, and
yet he votes for it.
Let me pursue this subject a little further. Mr.
Van Buren was defeated at the Baltimore Conven-
tion, principally on the ground of his hostility to
the admission of Texas, and Mr. Polk was nomi-
nated. In New York, the great issues involved
during the canvass of 1844 were the annexation of
Texas and the repeal or modification of the obnox-
ious tariff of 1842. Mr. Wright was nominated
for Governor. 'It is said that his great popularity
saved the State for Mr. Polk. My opinion is, and
I am not alone, that it was the President who saved
the Governor, and not the Governor the President.
Governor Wright was the friend of ex-President
Yan Buren. He participated in the chagrin occa-
sioned by the defeat of his friend at that conven-
tion. They have acted in concert since. They
are understood as approving of, and sanctioning
the doctrines contained in the " secret circular.''
No friend of Mr. Wiight, or of Mr. Yan Buren,
publicly advocated the annexation of Texas, in
New York, during the canvass of 1844. Governor
Wright was silent upon the subject in his message
to the Legislature, after the election of Mr. Polk.
He has never been known to favor or countenance
that measure. If any public man has done so,
-known to be his friend, it is a rare exception, and
owing to circumstances, thte force of which he dared
not resist. The majority of Mr. Wright over Mr.
Fillmore was 10,033. For Mr. Polk over Mr.
Clay, 5,106. I do not remember the Democratic
majority for canal commisSfoners, but believe it
approximates that of Mr. Wright for Governor.
How can this difference in the vote between Mr.
Wright and Mr. Polk in New York be explained ?
There is but one rational solution. There was a
general understanding amongst the friends of Gov-
ernor Wright and the ex-President—the men who
adopted the sentiments contained in the "circu-
lar"—to put forth all their exertions in behalf of
Mr. Wright, and let the President take care for
himself. If Mr. Polk was defeated, it would be
claimed to be in consequencc of the rejection of
Mr. Van Buren; and Mr, Wright, if successful,
would be in a good position to bring forward for
President in 1848. This is my version of the mat-
ter. It has been said by our opponents on this
floor that the recent defeat of Governor Wright in
21
New York was owin§ to the legislation of Con-
gress at the last session in relation to the tariff, &c.
We, of New York, know very well, whatever
may be said to the contrary, that national ques-
tions had nothing to do with it; that it is to be
attributed entirely to the dissensions amongst our
own party. I have explained the foundation of
these difficulties. But, Mr. Chairman, I wish to
refer once more to my honorable colleague, [Mr.
P. King,] who first introduced this proviso into
this House at the present session. I find in the
journals of this House, (first session of the 28th
Congress,) now before me, that, on the 26th of
February, 1844, Mr. Campbell, of South Carolina,
moved in this House the adoption of certain resolu-
tions, and demanded the previous question thereon.
One of these resolutions is as follows:
" Resolved, That all efforts of Abolitionists or others, made
to induce Congress to interfere with questions of slavery, 01 to
fake incipient steps in relation thereto, are calculated to lead
to the most alarming and dangerous consequences; and thata^
such efforts have aii inevitable tendency to diminish the happi-
ness of the people and endanger the stability and permavcncy
of the Union, and outfit not to be countenanced by any friend
of*our political institutions."
The yeas and nays being ordered, 128 voted in
the affirmative, and 23 in the negative. Amongst
the yeas I find the name of my honorable colleague,
[Mr. P. King.] [Mr. K. here bowed assent.]
The Baltimore Convention was held in May fol-
lowing; and when this vote was taken, the friends
of Mr. Yan Buren confidently expected that he
would be the Democratic candidate for President.
Now, it appears to me that the course of my col-
league here, at this time, is in direct conflict with
his vote and course of action three years ag-o. If
it was wrong then for Abolitionists or others to
make efforts to induce Congress to interfere with
" questions of slavery, or to take incipient steps in
relation thereto, as calculated to lead to the most
alarming and dangerous consequences," surely it
must be so now; and if then " all such efforts have
' an inevitable tendency to diminish the happiness
' of the people, and endanger the stability and per-
' manency of the Union, and ought not to be coun-
i tenanced by any friend of our political mstitu-
; tions,'1 the evil of such a course must be equally
apparent, and not the less mischievous, at the pres-
ent time. I am persuaded that not only my own
constituents, but the entire Democracy of the
North, is against the introduction of this exciting
topic here at the present moment; and consider
this proviso as designed to embarrass the Admin-
istration in the successful prosecution of the war,
and intended to subserve the interests of certain
politicians, rather than to promote the good and
welfare of the country. So far, at least, I under-
take to speak for my own constituents. What
they may do, or how they may feel, after territory
is. acquired, and when the question is properly
before this House and the country, I will not un-
dertake to say.
Mr. RATHBTJN, from his seat: You had better
tell now.
Mr. STRONG, in continuation. Well, sir, I
have no objection to give my own opinion now,
since it is desired. I believe, when that time comes,
my constituents will do as they have heretofore
done—stand by the compromises of the Constitu-
tion; that they will then instruct their Representa-
tive here, whoever he may be, as to their will,
wishes,and opinions in regard to this matter; and
that those instructions will be faithfully obeyed.
Sir, the acquisition of territory has no terrors for
my constituents, nor for the people of the North.
This whole subject was discussed before them du-
ring the canvass of 1844, in relation to Texas and
Oregon; and they voted directly upon the question
when they voted for "Polk and Dallas," with
the \0-brds " Texas and Oregon" for their motto.
Upon this subject, Mr. Chairman, I do not wish
either to be misunderstood or misrepresented. 1
am an anti-slavery man from position, education,
and conviction. I am satisfied the country would
be more prosperous and happy if there was not a
slave in it; and I am convinced, moreover, if let
alone by those who have no business to interfere
with it, slavery will, at no very distant period, dis-
appear from our Union, through the agency of the
natural and irresistible course of events. I speak
now for myself alone. I believe that the provisions
of the Constitution are in harmony with this view
of the subject, and, if adhered to, will greatly pro-
mote the removal of this evil from amongst us;
It affords one, only, amongst other instances of
the wisdom, moderation, and patriotism of the
great and good men who framed it Let this ques-
tion of slavery alone, is my motto; and such, I
think, is clearly the language and spirit of the Con-
stitution. It cannot be—it is incongruous to say—
that the Constitution provides one kind of govern-
ment for the States, and«. different one for Terri-
tories. The latter is a temporary trust, held with
a view to their becoming States. In my judgment,
until the Constitution is amended, Congress has
no right to legislate upon the subject. It appears
to me that, let any plain, fair-minded man read
the Constitution with attention, without the aid of
note or commentary, and he will, without doubt
or hesitation, be satisfied that this question is re-
served entirely to the States, and to the people of
the Territories out of which States are to be formed.
I have been strongly impressed with the correct-
ness of this opinion in the course of this debate
upon the subject, during the present session, from
the different views expressed as to where or what
part or clause of the Constitution this power of
legislation by Congress is given. It is hard to find
any two that agree. One derives it from the clause
to regulate the " territory or other property be-
longing to the United States." Another, from
the war power. A third considers it an incident
to government; whilst a fourth derives it from an
inherent power of sovereignty. These different
opinions prove one thing: that if Congress has any
such right or power, either by express grant or by
necessary implication, the wisest and most acute
intellects amongst us are riot able to agree in opin-
ion as to what part of the Constitution of the
United* States it is to be found. It is true, the sub-
ject has been made one of legislation and of com-
promise. I doubt not that hereafter, wise men,
moderate men, patriotic men, will be found in all
parts of the country to compromise the matter
again. I put together here the several parts of the
Constitution that bear upon the subject:
Art. 1, Sec. 2, cmuse 3. "Representatives and direct
taxes s-ball be apportioned among the several States which
maybe included within this Union, accoiding to tlieir re-
spective numbers, which shall be determined by adding to
the whole number of fiee person^, including those bound to
service foi a term of years, and excluding Indians not taxed,
three-fifths of all other person?."
Sec, 9, clause 1. " The migration or importation of such
person* as any of the Suites now existing shall think pioper
to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the
year eighteen hundred and eight; but a tax or may be
imposed on such importation, not exceeding ten dollars for
each peison."
Ctause 4. " No capitation or other direct tax shall be laid,
unless in proportion to the ccmnsor enumeration hereinbefore
dircded to he gi? cn."
Art 4. Sec. 2. " The citizens of each State shall be enti-
tled to all the prialeges and immunities oj citizens in the sev-
eral State*.*'
" No person, bold to service or labor in one State under the
laws thereof, escaping into anothei, shall, in consequence of
any. law or iegulation~ therein, be discharged from cneh ser-
vice or labor, but shall bo delivered up on claim of the party
to whom such seivice or labor may be due."
Snc. 3. <cXeu< S^fesmav be admitted by the Congress into
this Union ; bur no new State," &c.
" The Coinjre« -shall have power to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations le^peeting the teiritoryor
other piopeitt belonging to the United State-*; and nothing
in thi-> Constitution shall bo so constrm d a-, to prejudice any
claims ot the United States or of anv particular State."
Art. 5, last oi,\usf. " Provided that no amendment [of
the Constitution! which may be made pnor to the year one
thou-and oi«ht hundred ami eight shall m anv manner affect
the Hi st and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first
arti< 1 e/"1 &.C.
Mr. Chairman, I believe that the way to fasten
slavery forever upon the country is to wall it up
within its present limits, by establishing fiee States
all around it. "What is to "be done with the colored
| population ? You have them in your midst. They
! must and will increase, according to natural laws.
I How arc they to cseape? In no other way than
| by leaving a pathway open towards the tropics,
! and permitting the increasing1 white population,
! and the natural tendency of things, to push them
I gradually and silently, but as certain us destiny, in
■ that diiection, and thus relieve, one after another,
I the more northern slaveholding States of their bur-
i den. Some of the free States even now will not
permit either slaves or free blacks to enter their
, borders. In none can they ever be permitted to
j enjov an equality of political rights. The recent
| vote in New York shows a majority of more than
one hundred thousand against it there. As to
i social equality, that is absurd and preposterous.
