322
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 8,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Chipman.
Ho. of Reps.
Our instincts revolt against it. The two races
never can live on equal terms together. They must
eventually be separated. But, sir, I am reminded
again of certain resolutions recently passed by the
Legislature of New York, in relation to this subject,
now before me. It is enough for me to say, that
whilst I feel bound by the instructions of my im--
mediate constituents, I do not acknowledge the
right or the propriety of the Legislature to dictate
to me or control my vote here, how much soever I
might feel disposed, personally, to defer to their
superior wisdom and judgment. In the present
ease I feel the less regard for this legislative opin-
ion from the fact that these resolutions were passed
by a majority whose political opinions are oppo-
sed to mine and to the paity to which I belong—
composed of Whigs, Abolitionists, and, strange to
say, a few men jjrofessing to belong to the Demo-
cratic party, but now acting in conjunction with
our political opponents; and to make the matter
more strange still, by some who have heretofore
held directly the contrary opinions. I have before
adverted to the coincidence between the introduc-
tion of this question here by my honorable col-
league from the St. Lawrence district, [Mr. King,]
and the action of the New York Legislature a few
days afterwards. These resolutions were introdu-
ced into the New York Legislature by the honor-
able Samuel Young, a distinguished politician and
a professed Democrat. One of these resolutions
reads thus :
"Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That if any territory
is hereafter acquired by the United States, or annexed
thereto, the act by winch tuch tcriitorv is acquired or an-
nexed, whatever such act may be, should contain an unal-
terable fundamental aiticle or provision whereby slavery
or involunt.iry servitude, except as a j>uni>hnicnt for crime,
shall be forever excluded from the teiruory acquued or an-
nexed."
Now, sir, in 1839, Mr. Young was also a mem-
ber of the New York Senate. It so happened, as
now, that the Assembly of that State had, at that
time, a Whig majority. This Whig and Abolition
Assembly passed a set of resolutions in relation
to certain Abolition petitions in Congress, condem-
natory of the Atherton resolutions, (so called,)
and the action of the Democratic party thereon,
and asked the concurrence of the Senate; where-
upon, a select committee, was appointed, of which
Colonel Young was chairman; and on the 26th
February, 1839, that committee, through its chair-
man, made an able report, from which I propose
to read a few extracts, by way of contrast to the
sentiments contained in the resolutions of instruc-
tion, now here, drawn by the same hand. After
referring to the Assembly resolutions upon the
motion of Mr. Atherton in this House, on the
sccond of December, J838, the report says:
" Wo Have seen this subject of asitation (slavery) excite
in many placos, among the Deople, a j>tiong >uns-ation of re-
pulton, and a reeling of dread. VV> have seen the fear of
civil commotion and civil war take pos&e&sion ot the com-
munity.
"Theie can be no doubt that the gioat ma*s of the people
believe that the public agnation of this subject is calculated
to weaken the bonds of the Union, to excite < domestic vijlence
and tf> creatc a^eivue wui and intestine bloodshed. 111 other
States.
After the Revolution, many of the most eminent individ-
uals ui the southern States expressed themselves s>tion<dym
favor of emancipation, and urged legislative measure* in
tbeseveial States of winch they were citizens touiieotit
Washington, Jefferson, Mason, Pendleton, Wyth<> Lee
PatricK Henry, Luther M.iitm, Ge-njie Tucker, William' :
Xmbney, and many others, ai«: among the number. It was ;
discussed from time to time m the legislature of several of !
the State*-'; in Maryland, Vin-ima, Kentucky, Georgia, and !!
Aoith and South Carolina. So Lite a*. J832. it wa-s debated I'
in the VugtnuiLegislature; and, on the question to postpone 11
it indefinitely, tue vote stood 71 aliinnattve to 60 negative.
by which it will be *een that only six more votes were re- 11
quired to commence the work of emancipation. Since that '■
however, the fcouth has bee,n violently repelled from further i!
deliberations on the subject. u«u w j,
iJL "f'T; °nC !irtt' uIcfulty «rmnined the moral and in ■'
tellecluul laws w/nch the Creator has impressed on the human
mind, is deurty convinced that slaierxuin a 11 its form*, mwt
V P"° fe's of civilization and refinement.
Hut God does nut work last enough to satisfy the rnoibid
cravings of northern abolitionism.
"Every legislative icsolution, such as is now under dis-
cussion, JooserjM the bond ol union, and accelerates the ;i
period of war and bloodshed
"Should the northern States fan the flames of abolitionism ii
oy a legislative mnclion, greater desolation and more extend- i!
n .>!H!"^r/,iVouli' t,la" was upon the revo- j1
cation of the edict of Nantz. ;!
in«evouil> bo tl0Pe(1 that t!ie conviction stilt re- |!
™i? '"u,"ls OI so,Kr ""hvirinah of all paities that j!
and re o e of1,!,1!'UUI u°';,valied Constitution,and tile peace I
motion " gteat Amenca" "re worthy oj jmi- | j
Let this suffice. "We now see here, as elsewhere,
that this "northern abolitionism," so truly de-
scribed, and in such terrible colors, is displaying
its influence,, not merely as a religious power, as
heretofore, but as a political agent, in conjunction
with almost the entire Whig party, and more than
one professing Democrat. Sir, this proviso is, in
my judgment, political abolitionism, and nothing
else.
Mr. Chairman, it does seem to me that the rep-
resentatives of the people in this House exhibit a
very singular spectacle to their constituents, the
country, and the world. We have been in session
many weeks, and have done literally nothing.
Our country is engaged in war; and whatever we
may say or,do here, that country will decide, it
has decided, the war to be a righteous and just one.
It will compel its servants in Congress, sooner or i
later, to carry out its wishes and its will. Our
army, bravely fighting in its defence, needs rein-
forcements of men, and supplies of clothing, food,
and money. ' Delay is hazardous—it is ruinous;
and yet, instead of attending to the business we
were sent here to perform, we have been spending
our time in useless and protracted debate, in ma-
king Presidents, in forming cliques and combina-
tions to promote the ascendency of certain politi-
cians, in manufacturing political capital to send out
to the country. I believe the country is getting
dissatisfied with us. I understand that public
meetings are now being held in the State of New
York, composed of all parties, approving the war,
and denouncing Congress for its delay to sustain
the country by proper and necessary legislation.
For one, I plead guilty to the charge; and have no
other excuse to offer to my constituents, when I
return, than to say I did all I could. One vote
alone, in a body like this, is unavailing. I could
do no more than vote. We might have done all
that was really necessary to be done during the
first three weeks of the session. It is questionable,
from present indications, whether the last week of
it will find our work completed. There are spirits
who must either rule or ruin; some who would*
"rather rule in hell than serve in heaven." Sir,
I belong to no cliques. I have no favorite candi-
date for the Presidency to bring forward, or whose
particular interests I wish to promote to the ex-
clusion of all others. I go for the interests and
the rights of my country, and the whole country,
without regard to scctional, political, or personal
considerations. Let not our southern friends be
unnecessarily alarmed. They will find the Democ-
j racy of the North, in the hour of trial, standing
| by them upon the compromises of the Constitution
as formerly, and uniting with them to preserve
that charter inviolate. They will find that the
I country will not only demand a vigorous prosecu-
tion of the war, until we obtain an honorable
peace, but ample indemnity for all it has cost us.
This can only be done by ceding us territory. I
adopt the language and sentiment of my colleague
[Mr. P. King]: ° '
'■ The two millions are distinctly, urgently, and repeated-
ly recommended by the President to be appropriated. There
is no other purpose for which this appropriation can be
wanted, except m connexion with a cession of territory by
Mexico. Mexico already owes us unpaid indemnities for
acknowledged and adjudicated spoliations on our commerce.
I repeat, we must have territory from Mexico."
The country will insist upon this; and when this
question comes to be again agitated here, after ter- j
ritory shall have been acquired, I warn them of one
thing. They will then see Whigs and the Aboli-
tionists of the North, notwithstanding what they ;
now profess, and their great horror of acquiring i
more territory, joining heart and hand with the
new Democratic-Whig-Abolition party here, and 1
all voting together for territory, with the proviso
of King, Brinkerhoff, & Co. appended to the bill.
Perhaps, too, a candidate for the next Presidency !
may he found, no farther north than the State of ]
New York, ready and willing, if need be, to pledge '
himself to support the principles of this new po- !
litical party, and thus array one section of the !
country against the other. j
Mr. Chairman, I have only a few words more 1
to say. I disregard denunciation and threats, from j
whatever quarter they have come, or may hereafter j
come. I place myself upon the Constitution of j
my country. I earnestly desire the prosperity of 1
that country, unbroken by division and disunion. I
I adhere to the Democratic principles which I learn- I
ed in my youth, and as expounded by Jefferson,
Madison, Jackson, and Van Buren. Beyond this,
I have no ambition. Those "who are disposed to
cavil, or censure, must remember that denuncia-
tion is not argument; that the reason is not con-
vinced by a sneer, and that coarse abuse or vulgar
epithet is not the best way either to enlighten the
understanding or to correct the judgment.
THE WILMOT PROVISO.
REMARKS OF MR. J. S. CHIPMAN,
op michigan,
In the House of Representatives,
February 8, 1847.
The Three Million Bill and the Wilmot Proviso
being under consideration in Committee of the
Whole—
Mr. CHIPMAN addressed the committee. He
should not have violated the resolution which he
had formed, never to trouble the House with re-
marks, had it not been for the great and moilrient-
ous question which had been presented to them by
the proposition brought forward by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilmot;] and, let him
premise, that he had sought the floor on this occa-
sion, not for the purpose of saying anythingwhich
might be considered unpleasant or vituperative,
but simply with a view of submitting a few re-
marks for his own personal gratification, and for a
justification of the vote which he should give when
this mighty question, which was shaking the
Union to its foundation, might receive their final
action. He should then vote, not as a partisan,
not as a demagogue, but as an American loving
the Constitution, and ready to support it. And
let him be permitted to say, that he had sought
that floor, riot for the purpose of finding fault with
the Opposition. When he resolved upon the
course which he should take in reference to that
great question which had been brought before
them, he was not aware that any other northern
man had determined to vote against the proposi-
tion. He regretted to hear gentlemen avow upon
that floor their readiness to see the federal Union
shattered to ten thousand atoms. As he heard the
sentiments which had been uttered in that Hall,
his blood curdled around his heart. He trembled
at the thought of the dissolution of this fair Con-
federacy. He knew but one ground on which to
stand as a patriot, in view of the circumstances in
which they were placed: that was upon the ground
of compromise, by which these States were united
and bound together. In his humble opinion, the
preservation of the Union was worth a million
times more than the pitiful consideration of a hand-
ful of degraded Africans. He repeated, when gen-
tlemen pretending to love their country would
place the consideration of the nominal liberation of
a handful of degraded Africans in the one scale,
and this Union in the other, and make the latter
kick the beam, he would not give a fig for then-
patriotism. Did all this pretended negro patriot-
ism, then, spring from philanthropy or a love of
country? What would these pretended philan-
thropists accomplish, supposing that they should
succeed in liberating that handful of degraded Af-
ricans? Would they benefit the slave by liberating
bim, without providing for his colonization?
What would they accomplish ? They would drive
him to a cold climate, uncongenial to his constitu-
tion, and force him to a state of degradation im-
mensely lower than his present state—yea, to star-
vation. They must elevate the slave morally and
intellectually first, if they would improve his con-
dition^ But how happened it that gentlemen would
prohibit slavery from all newly-acquired territory ?
Whence originated this Wilmot proviso? He
wanted that proposition to be fathered where it
belonged. He did not want the distinguished Rep-
resentative from Pennsylvania to have the honor
fif it be an honor) or the disgrace (if it be a dis-
grace) of having concocted such a proposition,
unless he was entitled to it. He would directly
come down to the origin of it; but let him first re-
peat what he had said m the outset, that he did not
rise to make a speech for the gratification or irrita-
tion of either Whig or Democrat. Me stood there
seeking to address the committee probably for the
last time; and he thanked God it was so; because,
