1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5-23
29th Cong 2d Sess
77ie Three Million Bill—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
as God was his judge, no human consideration
could prevail upon him, under any circumstances,
to return to that position—at all events, not until
he should discover among his associates some little
more regard for the Constitution, and some little
higher respect for the integrity of the Union.
Now he would approach the question. The Pres-
j miserable subterfuge—with conscious rectitude, j
could fearlessly and independently stand up and
act upon principles, without regard to northern or ,
southern men. Now, the tariff law of 1842 was j
repealed in pursuance of the doctrine upon which |
they went into the canvass in 1844—in accordance i
with the recommendation of the Executive; and
ident was elected on certain principles. What : he (Mr. G.) was now seeking to show that the j
- T ■' " ' ' * " '' - - - " Executive, in every single act of his, had sought i
most assiduously, most perseveringly, and most j
honorably, to administer the Government upon j
the platform which was laid down in the Baltimore (
Convention, which was understood to be, at that j
time, the mouthpiece of th® Democratic party-
were they? In the first place, a modification or
repeal of- the tariff of 1842; second, an opposition
to the United States Bank, and approval of the
independent treasury; third, on the ground that
the American people would maintain a right to the
whole of Oregon; and, lastly, an approval of the
annexation of Texas.
He had alluded to these ij principles which were advocated upon the stump j
principles upon which the canvass of 1844 was ;i in 1844 throughout the Union. Well, what then? ]
conductcd for the purpose of ascertaining, if he j Why, the Democracy of Pennsylvania told them [
could, how it happened that a segment of the De- 1 that they had been deceived in this matter; that |
mocracy of Pennsylvania upon that floor—another ! they voted as they did, with the understanding ,
wing of the Democracy of New York upon that j| that that infamous, labor-crushing, withering bar- j
floor—were now at loggerheads and belligerants J! rier to the interests of the whole country was to be J
towards the Executive. He would endeavor to :i sustained; that the odious tariff law of 1842 was \
\ not to be repealed. W^ell, the question came up
point out how it happened that a fragment of the
Democracy of Pennsylvania and a portion of the
Democracy of New York had drawn off and held
a secret conclave to concoct, and hatch, and bring
into that House a proposition substantially at war
with the Constitution; and at a time, too, when
every nerve of the Democracy of the country
was strained to sustain a war which Whigs had
denounced—although they voted for it—as unholy i
and unjust. True, there were those immortal four- j
teen who had the independence to vote against the ;
appropriation of men and money for the prosecu- j
tion of the war; and those immortal fourteen stood :
upon high ground compared with the balance of I
the Opposition, who voted for the war, and then at i
a subsequent day turnaround and assail the Exec-
utive with all manner of vile epithets in order to
give him the character which they claim that he is
entitled to. Now, he (Mr. C.) had had some lit- j
tie experience with the Democracy of the State of I
New York, and he begged to say, that when he I
was associated with the Democracy of the Empire !
State, he acted independently, and did not play j
demagoguism for the purpose of obtaining a seat ;
in that "House. Well, the Democracy of New j
York were united, and the Democracy of the :
country were united, and they met together at the ;
commencement of the last session of Congress in j
harmony, having elected a President upon the !
great principles which he had enumerated; and !
especially upon one other principle-—that of keep-
ing the whole of Oregon. Well, then, they were
at the commencement of the last session fifty-four
forty men—all, sink or swim—live or die—ready
to fight Great Britain if they could not be satisfied
peacefully. But lo! all at once the Administration
party dropped from 54° 40', and deserted en masse.
What next? Why, the Democracy yielded to
them. Now, the President was fully justified in
the course which he pursued; for he was forced
by the party who placed him in power. But
when the discussion of the tariff question came
up, then there was the first attempt made by a
party of the Democracy of that House to Tyler-
ize the Executive—-to dissever and to scatter to
the four winds of heaven the Democracy which
had placed him in power, and to leave him void of
an ascendency in both branches of Congress,
where he was entitled by every consideration of
justice to an overwhelming majority. He would
assert it fearlessly, there was no proper ground
for the Democratic party at that crisis, but that
which was assumed by the distinguished Vice
President of the United States—the ex officio Presi-
dent of the Senate. But did he act when the de-
cisive moment came ? Ay ! He stood nobly up
to the principles upon which he was elected; he
gave the casting vote, and though Federal dema-
gogues, for a brief season, uttered their denuncia-
tions upon his head, and scorned the manly spirit
which prompted that decisive act, his name will
be known and remembered when those denuncia-
tions are hushed in oblivion; his noble deeds will
be cherished with increasing gratitude by a free
people, long after those who cried out against him
have gone down to their ignominious graves. lie
spoke of the President of the Senate—the Vice
President of this Union—the man who, while hun-
dreds were deserting the ranks of the Democratic
party, and shrinking from the contest on some
that law was repealed, and the Democracy of:
Pennsylvania say they were disappointed. But .
I again,'upon the heel of the session, when they |
I were exhausted by a burning sun, to which many
, of the northern men were not accustomed, the
Executive sent in a proposition allowing him to i
take two millions from the treasury for the pur- j
pose of consummating a peacewith Mexico. What j
was done when that proposition was submitted. J
The gentleman from Pennsylvania brought for- j
ward a proviso to exclude slavery from all-territo-
ry which might be acquired; and for that proposi-
tion he had the hardihood to claim the support of I
the Democracy of the North. He (Mr. C.) thanked
God that he voted against that Wilmot proviso.
It smelt rank of negroism. Now, he held that that
proposition, the two million bill, for the purpose of ,
enabling the President to close the war with Mexi- j
co, would have passed both Houses of Congress j
with bu^ little opposition; but then it was—lie [
would not say in midnight conclave—but then it \
was that the combined delegations of the distin- ;
guished Representatives from New York, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania, had the audacity to concoct this
proviso. Yet these very men boasted of their pa-
triotism, of their philanthropy, which outshone
that of other men, of their unexampled love of their
species! Away with such philanthropy! Away
with all those'crocodile tears over a corporal's
guard of unfortunate negroes! Instead of patriot-
ism, by such a concentration of sickly philanthro- ;
py, they had lost sight of all patriotism—of al
love of country. Now, what was the object of
that proposition, when it was submitted at the last
session? Was there anything to be gained by it'
He would appeal to the country to say; he would
ask the schoolboy to tell him whether they could,
by their legislation, tie up the hands of a future |
Congress?' Could they trammel or restrict the
action of a future Executive as a part of the treaty- :
making power? Could they control the action
of the°Senate, another branch of the treaty-ma-
kin°- power? What good would be effected by
thalT pioviso, then ? He was ready to show that
no good could grow out of it, either if it had been
passed at the last session, or if it should pass at the
present one. But what was the motive of the
movers of that proposition ? Why, he had heard
it said that the Executive had not paid the atten- j
tion to Pennsylvania in making his appointments !
which the Keystone State was entitled to, and that
she had become disaffected with her democratic
representative in the Senate, on account of his vote
on the tariff question; and then they found spring-
ing up in that Hall an opposition insidious, fatal,
dismembering the Democratic party, and defeating
the Executive in every great measure proposed by
the Administration. Now, he held that no man on
that floor, or elsewhere, was bound to sustain the
Executive, unless he was right; but there were
considerations growing out of the cause of Democ-
vacv_of the principles which they as a party ad-
vocated—which did call upon all honest men to
abandon a Federal consideration—to forego the con- t
sideration of making a few votes in their Congres-
sional district, and to lead them to come up to the
support of the Executive. At all events, he would
say most solemnly that when the Executive had
only sought to carry out the cardinal principles
upon which he was elected, this position could not
be controverted. Well, hre repeated, the two mil-
lion bill would not have been lost but for that pro-
viso. He well remembered what that hoary-head-
ed patriot from Massachusetts then said—that
venerable Representative whose seat was now va-
cant, as he feared it would forever be—than whom
God never gave to this country a truer patriot—he
well remembered that he said to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that he considered his proyiso
as null and of no consequence—that it was prema-
ture—but that, if the proviso was put upon the bill,
he would vote for the bill nevertheless—he would
vote for it in any form. Why? Because then it
was understood and believed—and so the event
would have shown—that but for that Wilmot pro-
viso, which was sprung upon that House just at
the close of the session—upon a bill with jvhich it
had no connexion—the Executive would long be-
fore this have closed the Mexican war, and oil
terms honorable to the country. Why, they must
take things as they were. They well knew that
the Mexican Government was bankrupt. They
knew it had no means of paying its army; and it
was evident that with that appropriation a peace
could be easily made. Now, one word in relation
to that proviso. He voted against it at the last ses-
sion, and he should vote against it under all cir-
cumstances. And he would here say to the distin-
guished representative from New York, that if he
believed that he (Mr. C.) was seeking to associate
himselfwith the advocates of slavery as an abstract
proposition, he was grossly deceived. But when
the Democracy of New York attempted to court
the aid of a despicable knot of fanatics, and pre-
tended to say to southern slaveholders, you shall
have no right to carry slavery into any territory
which might be acquired, they then took a hazard
which he held that no lover of his country would
take, or had any right to take. No ! Would the
South say to the North, if territory is acquired,
you shall be excluded by your institutions from it?
Surely not. Should the North then say to the
South, you shall be excluded? He held that the
right was equally strong in either case. The prin-
ciple applied with equal force to any territory
which might hereafter be acquired. No, the prin-
ciple of compromise which formed the matchless
bond of union between these States was equally
applicable—[and here the Speaker's hammer fell.]
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. CALHOUN,
or SOUTH CAROLINA,
In" the Senate of the IJnitku States,
February 9, 1847.
The Bill making further appropriation to bring the
existing war with Mexico to a speedy and hon-
orable conclusion, being under consideration—
Mr. CALHOUN rose, and thus addressed the.
Senate. Never, Mr. President, since I have been
on the stage of action, has our country been placed
in a more critical situation than at present. We
are not only in the midst of a very difficult and a
very expensive war, but we are involved in a
domestic question of the most irritating and dan-
gerous character. They both claim our serious
and deliberate consideration, and I do trust that
before this session closes, late as it is, they will
both receive a full discussion. It is due to our
constituents that the actual state of things in refer-
ence to both should be fully understood. For the
present, I propSse to consider the question which ■
is moie immediately pressing—how shall the war
be conducted to bring it most advantageously to
a successful termination? Or, to express it a little
more fully, how shall it be conducted to enable us
most advantageously to effect all the objects tor
which it was made? For it is only by effecting
those objects that the war can be properly said to
; be successful. '
There are two ways in which the war may be
' conducted. The one is, to push on offensive opera-
' tions until Mexico is compelled to yield to our
' tenns. The other, to take adefensive position and
I to maintain and secure the possession of the coun-
j try already in our military occupation. The ques-
1 tion which I propose to consider is, whiijh of these
