1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
than 100,000, of all complexions and ail descrip-
tions, being but one inhabitant to each six square
miles. It is, indeed, as sparsely settled, and even
less so, than the country in the possession of the
neighboring Indians. It is this very sparseness of
population which renders it desirable to us; for if
we had the choice of two regions of equal extent,
and in other respects equally desirable, the one
inhabited and the other not, we would choose the
uninhabited, if we consulted the genius of our Gov-
ernment, and the preservation of our political in-
stitutions. What we want is space for our growing
population, and what we ought to avoid, is the
addition of other population, of a character not
suited to our institutions. We want room to grow.
We are increasing at the rate of 600,000 annually;
and in a short time the increase will be at the rate
of 1,000,000. To state it more strongly, we double
once in twenty-three years, so that at the end of
that period, we will number 40,000,000, and in
another twenty-three years, 80,000,000, if no dis-
aster befall us. For this rapidly growing popula-
tion, all the territory we now possess, and even
that which we might acquire, would, in the course
of a few generations, be needed. It is better for
our people and institutions, that our population
should not be too much csmpressed.
But the verjyeasons wfech make it so desirable
to us, make it of little advantage to Mexico. Her
population is nearly stationary , and will not, at her
present rate of increase, within the period I have'
specified as that within which our population will
have twice doubled, be but a few millions more
than at present. Indeed, so far from being valuable
to Mexico, itis directly the opposite—a burden and
a loss to her. It is, in the first place, exceedingly
remote from her. California is as far from the city
of Mexico as it is from New Orleans;, and New
Mexico is not much nearer to it than it is to Wash-
ington. They are both too remote to be defended
by so weak a Power. It is a remarkable fact in
the history of this continent, that the aborigines in
this and the adjacent portions of Mexico, encroach
upon the European occupants. The Indians are
actually gaining ground upon the Mexicans; not
but that they are brave and capable of defending
themselves with arms, but the jealousy of the ,
Central Government had in a great measure dis- ;
armed them, while, from its feebleness and remote-
ness, it is incapable of affording them protection.
It is said that there are not less than three or four
thousand captives from New Mexico and the neigh-
boring States, in the hands of the Indians. Such
being the state of things, it is manifest that while
the acquisition would be of great importance to us,
it would, instead of being a loss to the Mexicans,
be a positive gain. The possession by our people
would protect the whole of the adjacent portions
of Mexico from the incursions and ravages of the
Indians, and give it a greater degree of security
and prosperity than it ever has experienced from
the commencement of her revolution, now more
than a quarter of a century ago.
The next consideration is, that the line should
be such, if it should be established as a boundary,
as would lay the foundation of a permanent peace
between us and Mexico; and here again it has re-
markable advantages; it is impossible for us to pre-
vent our growing population from passing into an
uninhabited country, where the power of the own-
ers is not sufficient to keep them out. In they will
go. We may pass laws, heaping penalty upon
penalty; but they will be of no avail to prevent our
pioneers from forcing'themselves into the country,
unless efficiently resisted by the Power m posses- i
sion. Of this we have abundant proof from expe- :
rience in our relations with the Indians. Many ■
and severe laws have been passed to prevent intru- '
sion upon them, with little effect. In the end, the i
only remedy has been found to be, to purchase I
their lands, and remove them to a greater distance. !:
If such is the case with the Indians, where the j:
population is more dense, and our means of pre- 11
venting intrusion much greater, it would be vain j;
to expect that we could prevent our people from |i
penetrating into California, or that the Government i i
of Mexico would be able to prevent their doing so. !
Even before our present difficulties with Mexico, :
the process had begun. Under such circumstan- !
ces, to make peace with Mexico without acquiring i!
a considerable portion, at least of this uninhabited jj
region, would lay the foundation of new troubles, 11
and subject us to the hazard of further conflicts 
a result equally undesirable to Mexico and our-
selves. But it is not only in reference to a perma-
nent peace with Mexico that it is desirable that
this vast uninhabited region should pass into our
possession. High considerations connected with
civilization and commerce make it no less so. We
alone can people it with an industrious and eivfl-
ized race, which can develope its resources and add
a new and extensive region to the domain of com-
merce and civilization. Left as it is, it must re-
main for generations an uninhabited and barren
waste.
This brings me to the final consideration, that
the line should be such as to cover an extent, am-
ple for the purpose of coercing a settlement, and
in this respect, the one suggested leaves nothing to
be desired.
But while I suggest this as a definite line, if a
better cannot be found, it would be very far from
my views to hold the country which it covers ab-
solutely. My opinion is, that it ought to be held
as the means of negotiation. We ought to say to
Mexico that such is our intention, and that if she
is ready to negotiate, we arc; and not only to ne-
gotiate, but to settle fairly, justly, and liberally, and
with a view to a permanent peace between the two
countries; and if, for that purpose, the part held i
by us should be considered more than an indem- !
nity, to pay liberally for the balance.
But in order to render the means of coercion
more effectual, I would hold, not absolutely, but
also subject to negotiation, the ports of Mexico
now in our possession, and which we could retain
without too great a sacrifice Of men and money.
These ports I would open to the commerce of all
countries, subject to a rate of duty that would bare-
ly cover the expense of maintaining the line.
I have now fully shown that we may certainly j
maintain this line, and thereby accomplish all the j
objects for which the war was declared, and that j
with little or no sacrifice of men or money, or with- I
out hazard or loss of reputation; and I may add, ;
with a fair prospect of laying a foundation for a \
permanent peace between us and Mexico, on the ;
final settlement of the differences between us. I
What would bo its fruits? A speedy reduction of !
a large portion of the expenses of the war, by dis-
charging the whole of the volunteers as soon as a
defensive position is taken, which may be in the
course of a few months. It would make a saving
of fifteen or twenty millions of dollars during the
year; the necessity for additional taxes would be
avoided; credit would be immediately restored; a
considerable portion of the loan might be dispensed
with; and last, though not least, a measure which
many of us on this side the Chamber have so much \
at heart, I mean that of free trade, would be res- j
cued from great and impending danger. The short ;
experience we have had of its operation holds out
the prospect of almost unbounded prosperity to the
country; not so much in consequence of the reduc-
tion of our own duties, as that made by Great
Britain, which has opened her ample market for
grain and other provisions of every description.
But it may be objected to the policy, that, with
all its benefits, it would not bring peace. I think
otherwise. What reason would Mexico have for
holding out? None that I can perceive. On the {
contrary, she would see that we had undertaken j
to do what we could certainly perform—what our |
strength was abundantly adequate to go through j
with, without hazard or difficulty; she would also j
see that she had everything to lose and nothing j
to gain by holding out, and that if she obstinately j
persisted in refusing to treat, she might lose the :
territory covered by our line, without compensation, !
instead of being liberally paid for its value beyond j
full indemnity for our claims against her. i
But there are other and powerful reasons which |
would inducc her to come to terms. By assuming
a defensive position, and ceasing to push offensive
operations against her, the feelings of the people
of Mexico would in a short time undergo a great
change. They now regard the war as a war be-
tween races and religions, and thus regarding it,
they are under the excitement of the strongest and
the profoundest feelings of our nature. Every
nerve is braced, and every arm strengthened in re-
sistance to us. The resolution of the whole coun-
try is to oppose us to the utmost of their power
and resources. A defensive attitude on our part
would tend powerfully to abate these deeply exci-
ted feelings. The war would no longer be regarded
as a war of races and- religions. They would no
longer dread the extinction of one or the other.
The ordinary everyday business of life would
gradually absorb their attention. Add to this the
effect which the possession of their ports would
have upon their finances, by cutting off the most
prolific branch of their revenue, and there would
seem to be fair grounds for believing that, within
a short period, much shorter probably than could
be effected by offensive operations, she would be
ready to negotiate and settle the differences be-
tween the two countries by a permanent peace.
But suppose in all this I am mistaken, and that
Mexico will persist in holding out with -her char-
acteristic obstinacy: what would be the result?
We will have war without expejise or hazard—a
war partaking much more of the character of peace
than of war, so far as we are concerned. Our pop-
ulation would flow into the territory covered by
our defensive line, and enable us to reduce the mil-
itary establishment which would be necessary in
the first instance. Above all, it will once again
place us on terra Jirma, and enable us to see be-
yond the dark curtain which is now suspended
between us and the future.
I have now stated the reasons why I am in favor
of taking a defensive position. 1 have, I trust, _
shown that we can by it bring the war to a suc-
cessful termination, with little or no sacrifice of
men and money, and without hazard of any de-
scription whatever. It remains to be shown, what
are the grounds of my opposition to the continu-
ance of an offensive war, and if I am not greatly
mistaken, they are as strong as can well be con-
ceived. I am opposed to it, for the very reverse
reasons to those I have stated. There is no cer-
tainty, in the first place, that it will bring the war
to a successful termination; and in the next, if it
should, it would be at a vast expense of men and
money, and with no inconsiderable hazard of dis-
astrous consequences, and loss of national reputa-
tion.
In order to understand fully and correctly the
force of the objection to continuing and pushing
offensive operations, it is indispensable that the
object intended to bo effected should be distinctly
and clearly perceived, for until that is understood,
we can form no decisive opinion in reference to
it; and here I premise, that its object is not con-
quest, or the acquisition of territory, for that is
expressly disavowed. I further premise, that it is
not to acquire additional means of indemnity, for
I have already shown that we have ample means
now in our hands to effect that purpose. If, then,
it is for neither the one nor the other, I ask, what is
its object? But one answer is given: to obtain
peace; or, to use the language most commonly
employed, to conquer peace. But how is peace
to be obtained > It can only be by treaty. War
may be made by one nation, but peace can only
be made by two. The object, then, is to obtain
a treaty; but what treaty? One that will suit Mex-
ico? That can be obtained at any time. No; the
treaty which is wanted is one that will suit us;
but how can that be effected, but by compelling
Mexico, by force of our arms, and at our dictation,
to agree to such terms as we may dictate? and
what could these terms be, but to secure all the
objects for which the war was declared; that is,
as has been shown, to establish the Rio del Norte
as our western boundary, and to obtain ample ter-
ritory as the only means of our indemnity ?
The intention, then, is to compel Mexico to
acknowledge that to be ours which we now hold,
and can, as I have already shown, easily hold,
without her consent. This is all-—more or less
cannot be made of it. But how is Mexico to be
compelled to sign such a treaty? We are informed
that, for that purpose, the intention, in the first
place, is to take Vera Cruz, and the castle of San
Juan de Ulloa, and then to march to the city of
Mexico, and there to dictate the treaty. Now,
with this object in view, I ask the Senate, is"it
worth while to pursue a vigorous war to compel
Mexico to acknowledge that to be ours which we
hold, and can easily hold,against her eonscnt ? Is
it worth while, even if we were perfectly ccrtain
of complete success by taking Vera Cruz and
marching to Mexico, and there dictating a treaty
at the end of this campaign ? What would be the
