3^6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 9,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
sacrifice, in effecting this, of men and money?
The army authorized to be raised is about seventy
thousand men, and the expense of the campaign
may be put at thirty millions of dollars. It will
probably exceed it by several millions, but I desire
to be moderate. Suppose the active force in the
field to be fifty thousand men, what then will be
your sacrifice under this supposition ? The loss of
thirty millions of dollars. And what the sacrifice
of life will be, may be judged of by looking at the
past. One-third must be put down as tertain to
perish, not by the sword only, but by disease.
Sixteen thousand lives, then, must be sacrificed.
Now, I put it home to you, Senators, is it worth
while to make this immense sacrifice of money and
men for the mere purpose of obtaining the consent
of Mexico to hold what we can so easily hold in
despite of her ? I put a graver question. 1 appeal
to the conscience of every Senator who hears me,
can you, as a Christian, justify giving a vote that
would lead to such results ? Nay, is there one of
you who would give thirty millions of dollars, and
sacrifice the lives of sixteen thousand of our peo-
ple, for the two Californias and New Mexico? I
answer for you, there is not one; and yet we pro-
pose to pursue a war, which, if terminated in a
single campaign, and most fortunately, would lead
to these sacrifices.
But is there any certainty our forces would
reach Mexico by the end of this campaign; or if
they did that a treaty could be dictated? These
are the questions that next demand our serious
consideration.
An offensive war, such as we propose to carry
on, looks as a possible event ultimately to subdu-
ing the country. Viewing it in that aspect, the
war is but barely commenced. It is true we have
acquired two-thirds of the territory of Mexico, but
let it be remembered, these two-thirds are adjacent
to us; let it also be remembered that it is sparsely
populated. To give a vivid conception of its ex-
tent, the portion of Mexico held by us is almost
100,000 square miles more than the whole extent
of the magnificent valley of the Mississippi, em-
bracing the entire region between the Alleghany
and Rocky Mountains. But although such is the
immense extent of the territory, there are but six
or seven hundred thousand inhabitants scattered
over its surface.
It is tins adjacent country, thus sparsely inhab-
ited, which wc have overrun, and now hold by
military occupation. We have met, in conquering
it, but little resistance, except fiom the regular -
army of Mexico, and as yet have gained in reality i
but little in a military point of view. Instead of :
conciliating the inhabitants, they are reported to be
more hostile than ever, and not an inconsiderable
portion of our army will be required to hold and j:
defend the country we occupy. As yet we have !
scarcely approached Mexico proper, consisting of ii
the elevated plain on which the city of Mexico !:
stands, and the hot regions extending on the east,
along the Gulf of Mexico to Yucatan, and along
the boiders of the Pacific and the Gulf of Califor- '!
nia, oil the west. Within these comparatively I i
narrow limits, consisting of one-third of all Mexi- !'
co, there is at least seven millions of people, fully
ten times as many as the portion of Mexico wc '!
occupy. Here, too, is the seat of her wealth, and ,!
power, and civilization. The character of thecoun- !
try, and its climate, present formidable obstacles to ''
an invading army. The approaches to the table |
land are few, passing through narrow defiles, and !j
up steep acclivities, and the region itself is monii- :!
tainouo and rough in the extreme. It may be com- [j
pared, m a military point of view, to Mount Atlas, :
ill Africa, or the Caucasus, in Europe. To tins ^
may he udded a scanty supply of food for men, ||
and forage for horses, of an invading army. The :
climate of the hot regions, both on the Pacific and ,i
on the Gulf, is extieinely sicklf, especially that ;!
of the Gulf, to which our military operations in ■
reference to the city of Mexico will be directed.
Peihans there is none on earth more so. It may
be said to be the native home of the yellow fever,
one of the most terrific of diseases. * It prevails
during eight months every year, and not unfre-
quently during ten months; and what adds to the
difficulty in the way of an invading army, is the
P>evince of sudden and violent storms, during
t..e period of the year when the fever does not pre-
vail. April itself is a sickly month, and March
doubtful. We are now near the middle of Feb-
ruary, and may have in the field force sufficient to
take Vera Cruz; but I appeal to all sides, have we
force enough, orcan we have force enough in time
to avoid the vomito, and march to the city of
Mexico during this campaign? I will not say we
have not, but I say with confidence that there is
no certainty that we have or will have sufficient
•for such an enterprise.
But if we fail to reach the city this campaign,
what will be its effects? We shall be worse off
than we now are; a year will be lost; Mexico will
be encouraged and we discouraged; she will add to
her fortifications and defences, and increase her
supplies of arms, in which she is now especially
deficient.
But suppose we should be so fortunate as to be
able to reach the city of Mexico: is there any cer-
tainty that we should be able to dictate a treaty
such as we desire? With whom have we to deal?
A race of people renowned above all others for
their obstinacy and the pertinacity of resistance—
a people whose hereditary pride is, that they res-
cued their country when overrun by the Moors,
after a war of seven or eigh t centuries—a people who
for eighty years waged war for the maintenance
of their dominion over the Low Countries—a peo-
ple who for twenty years carried on the war against
her own colonies, before they would recognise their
independence. Such are the people with whom
we aie contending; and is it certain that such a
people will be compelled, by our occupying the
city of Mexico, to yield to our terms? Wc must
remember that the city is not to Mexico what Paris
is to France: on the contrary, all her internal strug-
gles, with almost no exception, prove that the city
of Mexico, m a military point of view, has very
little control over the country.
;■ But if there be no certainty either that we can
reach Mexico, or, reaching it, can compel her to
yield to our terms, we may have another campaign
before the war can be concluded, by what is called
vigorous measures; and here the question presents
itself, Shall we have the means—can we raise the
men and money to carry on the third campaign >
Remember, it must be much more costly, and re-
quire a greater force than what is required for the
approaching campaign. It -will lie carried on at a
greater distance from us, and every step as we ad-
vance will require a larger detached force to occu-
py and cover our rear. Bear in mind, also, that
it will be of a different character from either the
past or the approaching campaign; for if we con-
quer the city without obtaining peace, one of two !
results will follow—her Government will with-
draw or be dispersed, and we shdll, in either case,
be compelled to subdue and hold the country in
military subjection. In either case, we shall have
a guerrilla war, such as now exists between Prance
and the Arabs m Africa, and between Russia and
the Circassians in the Caucasus. Shall we be able
to raise the men and the revenue which will he
required to carry on the extensive military opera-
tions incident to such a war? Can you rely upon
raising volunteers ? Will not the first flush of feel-
ing which accompany the commencement of a war,
and which leads to the spirit of volunteering, ex-
pire by the commencement of the third campaign? j
Is_ it not probable that the many volunteers who I
will return" with broken constitutions—who went !
for glory, but return with shattered health—will !
greatly discourage the ardor of volunteering, strong !
as the impulse is in the breasts of our young and
patriotic countrymen? The probability is, that we
must mainly rely for men on the ordinary process !
of recruiting; and can we certainly calculate in that I
way to raise fifteen or twenty thousand men for :
the third campaign, for that number at least will
be required ?
But, suppose this surmounted, a far more diffi-
cult question piesents itself: Can you raise the
ways and means? The resources from treasury i
notes will have been exhausted, and we shall have 1
to resort to loans and taxes as our only means.
Can you borrow a sufficient amount to meet the
demands of the campaign—probably not less than
twenty-live or thirty millions of dollars—but at an
enormous rate of interest? Can you impose taxes
to a great amount ? On what will you lay them ?
Onimports? Theduties on them may be increased, j
but to no great amount; additional duties on many i
of the articles would diminish instead of increase 1
the revenue. Will you lay direct or internaitaxes?
The resources of the country are great, beyond
almost any other; but there are two circumstances
which will interpose to prevent their being reach-
ed. The first is, that many of the States are
deeply in del^t, and have imposed very onerous
taxes to meet their own obligations. Can you
j impose additional taxes without greatly overbur-
dening the people of those States? Remember,
that by the Constitution, all taxes must be uniform
throughout the United States, and, of course, what
is imposed upon one must be equally imposed on
the other. Will the people of the indebted States
bear additional taxes? Will Pennsylvania, with
forty millions already on her shoulders ? Will the
imposition not compel her, and other of the in-
debted States, to suspend the payment of interest
on their debts? Will it not prevent Maryland,
Indiana, and other States deeply in debt, from the
resumption of the payment of interest on theirs?
il Will not the effect be to widen the sphere of repu-
!' diation, so as to comprehend most of the indebted
;; States'? Is there the slightest chance, with this
jl prospect before us, that internal taxes, to any con-
II siderable amount, will be imposed by Congress for
|j the further prosecution of an offensive war? Can
any one answer in the affirmative, who has wit-
nessed the strong indisposition to impose addition-
al taxes at the present session ? *
But suppose this difficulty interposed by the in-
debtedness of many of the States to be removed:
there is another still remaining, not less formi-
I dable. Is there sufficient unanimity and zeal in
j' favor of the war to warrant the belief that Gen-
ii gress would impose internal taxes to carry on
ij offensive operations ? Does this session furnish any
ij evidence of any such zeal or unanimity? On the
ij contrary, does it not furnish ample evidence that
11 there is great division and want of zeal in reference
|| to the war? We would be blind not to see that a
II very large portion of the people honestly believe
i that the war mightandoughttohavebeen avoided;
that it was commenced by the Executive, without
the sanction of Congress or the Constitution, and
that it is highly inexpedient and injurious. What
my opinions are on all these points, I would be glad
! to explain on a suitable occasion; but I do not re-
! gard this to be the proper one to mingle my own
; private views and sentiments in reference to the
causes of the war, and the manner in which it
was commenced, with the deeply important sub-
ject under consideration—how the war shall be
conducted, so as to terminate it most favorably to
I the country?
But suppose all these difficulties to be removed,
I there remains another still deeper and morealarm-
, ing to be met—one touching the very foundation
j of our Union: how shall the territoiy be disposed
| of if any should be acquired ? Shall it be for the
j benefit of one part of the Union to the exclusion of
1 the other? We are told, and I fear appearances
| justify it, that all parties m the non-slaveholding
j States are united in the determination that they
| shall have the exclusive benefit and monopoly;
i that such provisions shall be made by treaty or
i law, as to exclude all who hold slaves in the South
| from emigrating with their property into the ac-
i quired country. If the non-slaveholding States,
having no other interest but an aversion to our do-
mestic institutions, (for such is slavery as it exists
in the South,) if, I repeat, they can come to the
conclusion, to cxclude the South from all benefit
in the acquired territory, with no other interest but
that, I turn to their representatives on this floor and
ask them, what they suppose must be the feeling
of the slaveholding States, to whom this question
is one of safety and not of mere policy, to be de-
prived of their rights, and their perfect equality
secured by the Constitution, and to be assailed in
their most vulnerable point? Be assured, if there
be stern determination on one side to exclude us,
there will be determination still sterner on ours, not
to be excluded.
Now if I may judge from what has been declared
on this floor, from what I hear on all sides, the
members from the non-slaveholding States, if thev
were sure that slavery would not be excluded
from the acquired territory, would be decidedly
opposed to what they called a vigorous prosecu-
tion of the war, or the acquisition of a single foot
of territory; can they then believe that the mem-
bers of the slaveholding States, on the opposite
