330
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 9,
29th Cong.....2d Sess.
Mexican War and Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Brodhead.
Ho of Reps.
former we have not the power to do, and it would
be highly inexpedient to do either. This Govern-
ment should never be the instrument of unyoking
or becoming the sanctuary of the refugee provinces
of other nations. "We cannot make citizens by
subjugation; and if we could, it would not be right.
They would be untrained in the ways of republi-
canism. We cannot say as the French said when
they undertook to conquer all Europe: u Come, be
brethren of ours, or we will cut your throats."
Our Government is founded on the consent of the
governed, and depends for its existence upon the
virtue and intelligence of the people. What kind
Of cpnsent could we obtain from the Mexicans, and
what kind of virtue and intelligence would they be
able to exercise in discharging the duties which
our form of government would devolve upon them?
But it is said we will not get Mexican people; but
I say we will, to the amount of ten or twenty thou-
sand at least, if we only take New Mexico and
California. It is admitted that there is no express
grant of power to be found in the Constitution to
any department of this Government to obtain ter-
ritory by conquest; and I undertake to say that it
cannot be properly inferred from the war clause, or
any other. The Democratic party have ever been
opposed to the exercise of constructive powers.
Jefferson said, in one of his published letters:
"Our peculiar security isinthe possession of a written
4 constitution. Let us not make it a blank paper by
6 construction." Gentlemen who hold offices under
the General Government often seem to forget that
there is such a thing as State sovereignty, and that
the States or the people have retained all the power
not expressly granted in the Constitution to the
Federal Government. We have been told by all
the best statesmen in this country that where a
power is doubtful and only to be implied, we should
decline to exercise it except in cases of the most
urgent necessity. I object to these experiments
with the powers of our Government. It is true,
our good ship of State has rode out many storms;
but still we should remember the fate of other
republics.
" A thousand years scarce serve to form a State:
An hour may lay it in the dust."
But it is said, Mr. Chairman, that the expenses
of this war should be paid by Mexico; and that,
as she cannot do it in money, we should take it in
land. I admit there is plausibility in the assertion,
and that it addresses itself to the pride as well as
the cupidity of our people; but I take ground
against it upon principle; and besides, if we make
this idea of the acquisition of territory so prominent,
it will prolong the war for years, which will cost
this Government more m blood and treasure than
the whole of Mexico is worth. We must remem-
ber that if this war is prosecuted much longer, we
must come to direct taxation, and that will not be
very agreeable, when we consider the number of
tax collectors we have already among the people
for State and county purposes. Cut when did this
Government assert the doctrine before, thai the
expenses of a war must be paid ? Did we assert
it when we were at war with Great Britain? The
last war cost us one hundred and thirty millions
of dollars. Yes, our Capitol itself was burnt; and
did we refuse to make peace until we were paid in
money or the provinces of Canada ceded to us?
No, sir, no; and yet no person will say at this day
that we did not gain much by it, and that peace
was not properly made. We taught Old England,
as well as all other nations, thatour flag, and the per-
sons and property of our citizens, must be respect-
ed, or we would punish the aggressors, cost what
it might. Where do we find examples to justify
the doctrine that the expenses of a war must be
paid by the enemy? The example is to be found
in the practice of England, whenever she comes to
blows with a weak and defenceless nation; and that i
practice has been nowhere so loudly condemned as j
m this country. Who does not recollect the feel- 1
ings of indignation which prevailed in this country
when England made the poor Chinese pay the
expenses of a war, and tiibute besides? It is the
doctrine of the strong over the weak. If a poor
and infatuated person were to attempt to injure my
person, I would knock him down if I could, and
kick him besides; but I would hardly take his coat
and wear it for the purpose of indemnifying my-
self for any injury i might have received in the
conflict.
Again: if peace is the leading purpose of the
war, and not more land, I would ask whether we
will be likely ever to get it, if we assert that we
intend to dismember the Mexican republic, and
annex any considerable portion of it to this coun-
try? This inquiry makes it necessary to take a
glanee at the political condition of Mexico and the
character of her people. Mexico contains a popu-
lation of eight millions, divided as follows: one
million of whites, or Spaniards, four million Indi-
ans, and three million mixed blood and Indians.
One-half of the land is owned by the Catholic
.Church. There have long been two parties there;
the one favored consolidation and a military des-
potism, and the other a federative form of govern-
ment like our own. Santa Ana, it is well known,
overthrew the federal or republican form of gov-
ernment and the constitution of 1824, and estab-
lished a central military despotism. Although he
may now declare himself in favor of the constitu-
tion of 3824, the intelligent people do not believe
him. How do he and his party now retain them-
selves in power ? Why, by telling the people that
this is a war upon their race and their religion;
that we wish to drive them from the land which
contains the graves of their ancestors, and destroy
their Government, and make them slaves. The
people, particularly those of mixed blood, are
ignorant, and they believe it. Now, my notion
is, that our policy should be such as to disabuse
the public mind of Mexico upon this subject; and
that we ought to strengthen the hands of the re-
publican party, which has ever held Santa Ana in
detestation. Santa Ana was elected President in
December last by only one majority, and that by
States not containing more than one-third of the
population. Elarreaga and Rejont who are at the
head of the Federal party, would make peace with
this country if they could get into power; but they
cannot do it as long as the people of Mexico be-
lieve that this is a war upon their race and their
religion. I have no doubt that they want to see the
army of Santa Ana destroyed, and the power of
the Church broken down, that they may get into
power, and reestablish the republican form of gov-
ernment; but they cannot do it as long as we keep
the Mexican people united in the manner before
stated. I think that we ought to have made
known, when we first marched our army into the
States of Mexico, that we did not want their land,
and favored the establishment of the sovereignty
of the different provinces under the constitution of
1824. Before we can get a peace, there must be
a party in Mexico strong enough to make it.
But it is said that California, and particularly
the bay of San Francisco, are valuable in a com-
mercial point of view. Sir, I admit that the bay
of Ran Francisco may be valuable to the New Eng-
i land whalers; but they, or at any rate their repre-
sentatives, object to having it. and even abuse
those who attempt to get it for them. Besides, if
we do get territory, it will be found, I have no
doubt, to have been all granted to private individ-
uals. What man in Pennsylvania, or in fact in
any of the States, would be in the least benefited
by the possession of any more territory? Do not
our territorial possessions now far exceed our real
wants ? We have lately made several States which
are not yet half populated; and even the old States
would be stronger with a larger population. We
have 130,000,000 of acres now ready to be brought
into market, and 300,000,000 of acres upon which
the foot of white man never trod. What nation
ever possessed such a magnificent country, with
i such variety of soil and climate, and with a mari-
j time border opening such vast fields for enterpriser
| We extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific-*-from
j the northern Lakes to the southern Gulf.
! I therefore hope, Mr. Chairman, that I have
| shown that this war should not be prosecuted with
; a view to conquest; and that if Mexico would,
! now that we have vindicated the honor of our flag,
1 ask for peace, and agree to settle questions in dis-
| pute, in regard to limits, by negotiation, we should
i grant it. But if, after assuring her that we do not
. want to dismember her, that it is not a war against
| either her race or religion, she still holds out, then
| I say " push on the column," whip her army, and
| put her military despots to the sword; disperse
i her august Congress, seize her revenues, and stack
our arms even in the city of Mexico, cost what it
I may.
Having said thus much in regard to the Mexi-
can war, and in support of the policy of the Ad-
ministration, I come, Mr. Chairman, to consider
the amendment proposed to the bill under consid-
eration by my honorable colleague, [Mr. Wilmot.]
The bill proposes to appropriate $3,000,000, to be
placed in the hands of the Executive, to be used
by him in concluding a treaty of peace with Mexi-
co; and my respected colleague, acting upon the
belief that the President would use the money to
acquire territory, proposes to amend the same by
inserting a clause that the treaty shall contain a
provision against slavery in any territory to be ac-
quired thereby. Two questions present them-
selves at once:
1. Has Congress the power to adopt the amend-
ment in any shape? and, 4
2. If it has, is it expedient to do it at this time,
and in connexion with this bill ?
If we have not the power, it must be admitted ,
that it will be a nullity if adopted. Every mem-
ber, when he enters this Hall, takes an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States.
That is the whole of the oath; and it is the one I
took. Therefore, when I am called upon to do an
act in my legislative capacity t1 look for the author-
ity to do it in the Constitution; for that great
charter of our liberties enumerates the powers
granted to Congress. Every intelligent person,
and especially every Democrat, will agree that we
should not undertake to do anything for which a
warrant cannot be found in that sacred instrument;
j for if we do, there will be an end to State sover-
. eignty and the liberties of the people. Now, I
want gentlemen who are so vehement in support
of this amendment, to point to the clause m the
Constitution which gives Congress power to legis-
late in regard to territories not yet belonging to the
United States, or to advise the treaty-making pow-
er. They might much rather do that than to de-
claim in the cant phrases of the Abolitionists about
the evils of slavery* which we all admit and de-
plore. The only clause which I can find in the
Constitution which gives power to Congress upon
subjects like the one under consideration is as fol-
lows: " The Congress shall have power to dispose
' of, and make all needful rules and regulations re-
' specting, the territory or other property belong-
' ing to the United States." Therefore, until the
territory is acquired, the jurisdiction of Congress
does not attach. The word " belonging," no
doubt, was inserted for the purpose of preventing
i Congress from usurping the power granted to the
President and Senate to make treaties." The fra-
; mers of the Constitution no doubt supposed, when
J they inserted the word (i belonging," that there
j would be members of Congress who would con-
! sidcr it their duty not only to control the Presi-
! dent, but the Senate. If we have a right to advise
j the President and Senate in the manner proposea
! by the amendment, we would have a right to ad-
i vise in regard to all treaties. Now, suppose we
I do what I think the people and the Constitution
! have not authorized, and insert this amendment,
• and a treaty should be made by the President and
ratified by the Senate in disregard of it: would not
; such treaty be binding? Undoubtedly; and there-
i fore it is clearly proved that if we adopt it, it will
' be a nullity. Il is a fundamental principle that the
; powers of the different departments of the Govern-
i ment shall not be blended. It is said, however,
! that we should adopt it for its moral effect, and that
| all who vote against it will be set down as voting
; in favor of slavery; that all who vote against it
| place themselves in a situation where they can be
j misrepresented. Sir, when I fear to vote right be-
cause my vote may seem wrong, and my motives
, misrepresented, I will quit my seat in this Hall,
! for I would be unworthy of a place in it. The
! course of true policy is the course of true duty;
i and therefore I will vote as I think right, and run
the risk of being misunderstood. But to show the
j absurdity of our adopting measures merely for their
i moral effect, suppose that my colleague should
■ offer resolutions in favor of the Christian religion,
1 and in favor of a republican form of government,
j would not every member declare them out of time
| and out of place, (as my colleague [Mr. C. J. Int-
i gersoll] declared this slavery amendment,) and
1 feel bound to vote against them ? And then gen-
' tlemen would get up and say, " Why, you are
1 opposed to the Christian religion, and a republican
