1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Mexican War and Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Brodhead.
Ho. of Reps.
form of government!" Do not these suggestions
clearly show the propriety of acting within the
prescribed limits of the Constitution? We are
here not in town meeting, but in a grave constitu-
tional assembly, with limited and prescribed pow-
ers.
But there is a want of power in another regard.
It undertakes to bind the future action of Congress.
It says, <£ there shall be no slavery in any territo-
ry which shall hereafter be acquired by or annexed
to the United States." Suppose we were to pass
a law, and say in it that it should not be repealed:
I would like to know whether we would not sub-
ject ourselves to the ridicule of the world ?
.Now, Mr. Chairman, as to the expediency of
this measure. What are the imperative reasons
upon the score of expediency which should induce
this Congress to exercise doubtful powers, and le-
gislate in regard to territory the title of which we
have not yet got, and cannot get except by treaty?
There are none which have any foundation in fact,
and many against it.
If we adopt the amendment, we virtually pro-
claim to the world that this is a war for conquest;
and that we are so greedy for territory, tiiat we
prescribe rules for its government before we have
acquired the title. We subject ourselves to ridi-
cule, by counting the spoils before the Eeld is
won.
If territory is acquired by treaty, it will, of
course, be free; and therefore, if slaves are taken
into it, they will be entitled to their freedom, upon
the great principle that free territory makes free
men, and free ships free goods.
Slavery can only exist by positive law; and
therefore, as soon as a slave is taken to reside per-
manently in a free State or Territory, he is a free
man. This is one of the great principles of the
common law, recognised by the courts of England
as well as of the United States. My Whig friend
and colleague [Mr. Pollock] admitted the correct-
ness of this doctrine in his speech the other day.
He correctly said: «
" Congre&s having no power to establish, and, at the same
time, having exclusive jurisdiction over the Territories, it
follows that slavery can have no legal existence in a Terri-
tory, with or without the action of Congtess. The power,
therefore, to prohibit is nugatory, or rather, no necessity exists
for Us exercise
This admission, it seems to me, yields the main
point in the controversy. If the territory will be
free when it is annexed, and Congress has no
power to make it slave, where is the necessity for
the adoption of the amendment? If it should
become a State, Congress would have no jurisdic-
tion over it after it should be admitted in the Union.
Pennsylvania would have a perfect right to estab-
lish slavery to-morrow if she chose to do it. At
the close of the last session of Congress, the vener-
able gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
expressed views similar to those I entertain. He
said:
"There are no slaves in California. Slavery has been
abolished there; and if we were to m.ike peace, and m that
peace to acquire California, there could be no law of slavery
established there, unless it was made an article of the treaty
itself." ,
No one has said, and no sensible man supposes,
that we will ever get more than New Mexico and
California; and most of these provinces are above
30O 30'—the line of the Missouri compromise—
above which, it is admitted on all hands, slavery
is to be prohibited. All the southern Representa-
tives have offered, this session, to extend that line
to the Pacific Ocean; arid besides, slave labor could
not be profitably employed in either of those places.
Neither sugar, rice, cotton, or tobacco, ean"be prof-
itably cultivated there. The truth is, that climate
and soil have more to do with the extension of
slavery than anything else. No person need fear
that slaves will be taken from the cotton and rice
fields of the southern States around Cape Horn, or
overland, to California. That country must be
the home of a maritime people, and the course of
settlement must be from the seaboard to the inte-
rior.
The amendment is out of time and out of place—
is a rider, and has been a firebrand in our midst.
When we are engaged in a foreign war, and we
should present an undivided front to the enemy,
this question of slavery, which has always been
an exciting element in our political system, is
thrust forward, to excite sectional jealousies, dis-
tract our councils, and delay the adoption of the
measures recommended by the President for the
vigorous prosecution of the war. - The "Whigs
seize hold of it to make political capital. Notwith-
standing tens of thousands of our people are suf-
fering all the hardships of ^campaign in a foreign
land, at an expense, too, of near two millions of
dollars a month, here (we are, wasting our time in
angry debate about negroes wheneyer a war or
peace measure is brought forward. All this sort
of uncalled-for debate has been occasioned by my
colleague's amendment; and yet he says he asks
the "neutrality of this Government upon the sub-
ject of slavery." If that is all he asks, I submit
it to the virtuous and intelligent mind of this House,
•whether I have not shown that he should not have
brought forward the amendment.
It is a peace-breaker, and has been seized hold
of, as the honorable gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Wick] said the other day, by the Whigs and
Abolitionists, to bring the Democratic party into
tribulation, and to embarrass the Administration
in a proper prosecution of this war. It will delay,
ifnot defeat, the passage of this bill in the Senate;
and if a treaty should be formed as it directs, it is
well known that it cannot be ratified, for it takes
two-thirds of the Senators present to do it; and
thus the war will be prolonged for years to come.
This amendment has produced so much excite-
ment and irritation among members, that they
seem to forget that it is our solemn duty to coop-
erate with the President in bringing this war to a
speedy and successful termination at the earliest
practicable moment.
Finally, it is not only an abstraction, which
cannot possibly affect either the character or the
interests of the people of the northern States, but
may do great harm in creating a geographical
division of parties. When that kind of division
takes place, this Union is gone, and with it the
protection to persons and property which it affords.
Bat what nation was ever asked, before, to stipulate
ivitli a foi-eign nation as to its internal policy ? The
amendment asks that the President should make
it an article in a treaty of peace with Mexico, that
slavery shall not exist in the territory ceded to us.
Now, suppose that provision to be inserted in the
treaty; we take possession of the territory, and
after a while admit it as a State: would not that
State have a right to authorize slavery, without
the consent of the General Government? Every
person who knows anything about our form of
government will admit that it would. Hence we
may get into war again with Mexico for a viola-
tion of a treaty stipuiation.
Mr. Chairman, my honorable colleague, in his
speech yesterday, talked a great deal about free
labor, and the rights of the free labor of the North.
Sir, at the last session I did not think he was such
a great advocate for the free labor of the North.
He voted with the warmest advocates of free trade
in the South upon the tariff question, and was the
only Representative upon this floor from Pennsyl-
vania who did. Upon that memorable occasion,
he undertook to giv.e my Democratic colleagues
and myself, as well as the Democratic party, some
good advice. He said, (I quote from thelasf page
of his speech;) "The sooner, in my judgment,
' the Democracy of Pennsylvania severs its alliance
' with eastern Federalism and the Whig party, and,
' placing her interests upon high and national
' grounds, appeals to the Democracy of the Union
' for liberality and support, the better for those
* interests, and far better for her republican char-
' ac-ter." Now, sir, I think, if he would take a
little of this advice to himself, it would be service-
able; and, as he is now not only acting upon this
question with the eastern Federalists, but the Abo-
litionists besides, I hope they will treat him better
than the Whigs of Pennsylvania did my Demo-
cratic colleagues and myself after voting with them
upon the tariff question, in opposition to the wishes
of many of our own party.
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, briefly stated rny
objections to my fiiend and colleague's celebrated !
amendment. I will now make some observations |
of a general character upon the subject of slavery, i
in relation to which so much has been said in this |
debate, in order that my position and views may j
not be misunderstood. First, however, permit me |
to premise, that if we had acquired either New j
Mexico or California, and a bill was before the I
House providing territorial governments therein,
or a bill was before the House providing for the
admission of either of those provinces as States,
(the territory being first acquired by treaty,) I
would vote for a provision excluding slavery. I
favor the principle contained in the amendment of
my colleague, and will go for ingrafting it upon
the legislation of the country, but in the proper
farm, and at the proper lime and place, and when
the power to do so can be rightfully exercised.
The institution of slavery is upon us, ahjd "we
must make the best of it, and get clear of it fest
as we can. We never can get clear of it by abusing
those in whose midst it exists; for it is'a State in-
stitution. It presents difficulties of fearfitl magni-
tude to the statesman and philanthropist. These
difficulties present themselves unquestionably in a
formidable shape, even upon the supposition that
slavery, receding from the central portions of our
republic, is to extend itself southward into new
regions. But I am one of those who believe that
this great problem presents difficulties not less for-
midable upon a supposition that a teeming slave
population, multiplying in a fearful ratio of rapid-
ity, is to be coerced and concentrated by Federal
legislation, within the limits of the present slave
States. Yet one of these evils mustbe met. For my-
self, I confess some feeling of relief when I see a
prospect that slavery may recede from our midst,
and extend itself towards the southern portions of
our Union, and finally escape from it in a region
still farther south, where the negro, in a congenial
climate, may find himself in contact with a mixed
race, accustomed, in some degree, to free institu-
tions, and not dissevered from him by the iron
barriers of lineage and of color. In this view I am,
perhaps, more willing than I might otherwise be
to invoke the entire, real, and sincere "neutrality"
of the Federal Government upon the subject.
After our patriotic ancestors had achieved our
independence, and had assembled in convention,
fresh from the battle-fields of the Revolution, for the
purpose of forming our present Constitution, negro
slavery was the apple of discord, and came near
causing that august and patriotic convention to sep-
arate without forming our present Onion. It was
upon that memorable occasion that the great and
good Franklin recommended prayers that wisdom
might be given to them from on high. The conse-
quence was, that moderate and pacific councils pre-
vailed, a compromise took place, and the present
Union was the result. To preserve that Union, the
same spirit must guide the deliberations of Congress
upon the subject. At the time of the formation of
our Constitution, slavery was authorized by law
in all the States. All had been engaged in import-
ing slaves into the country: the South got far the
most, because the soil and climate of that region
were best suited for slave labor. Northern people
engaged in taking them there, for it was a profit-
able business. All, therefore, are involved in the
guilt, if guilt it be. We now have near three mil-
lions of slave population, and the increase is very
great, for it is a iaw of human population, that the
oppressed alwajss increase faster than their op-
pressors. We have the difficult problem of two
races co-existing under the same Constitution, and
inhabiting the same country. Mr. Jefferson, in
1820, when speaking of the embarrassing question,
said, " We have got the wolf by the ears, and can nei-
ther hold nor let him go toith safety." To free the
negroes of the southern States at once would be
the greatest calamity which could happen to the
whites, as well as the blacks. Thousands and tens
of thousands of them would go to the free States,
particularly to Pennsylvania. Our jails and alms-
houses would not hold the poor and vicious, and
the poor laboring free men and women would be
without employment, for the blacks would work
cheaper and live on less. Besides, it would be
degrading for our free people to labor with them.
And if they did get into the free States, how much
better off would be their condition ? We cannot per-
mit them to vote and sit in the jury-box; we cannot
admit them to terms of political and social equality;
and what is freedom worth without those privi-
leges? The truth is, they are a nuisance, whether
slave or free; and yet they are a part of the human
family—have the human form, the human voice,
and souls to save. There is a great deal too much
fanaticism, as well in the North as the South, upon
the subject of these negroes. Old Pennsylvania,
