333
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Feb. 9,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Extension of Slave Territory—Mr. Dixon.
Ho. of Reps.
(God bless her, for it was there where my cradle
was-rocked, and where ray coffin shall be buried,)
occupying an important position between the divi-
ding interests of the North and the South, always
moderate in pretence and in council, but greatly in
demand when power, either in intellect or arms, is
required, must,, with honest steadiness and pur-
pose, restrain the fanaticism of both—and thus
prevent the North and the South from coming to
blows, and thereby causing a dismemberment of
this flow happy Union. This Union X hold to be
of more value than the freedom of all the negroes
that ever lived in it. And yet we hear gentlemen,
whenever this slavery question is brought forward,
calculating the Union's value, and the Constitu-
tion's obligation. They ought to remember that
they
" but teach bloody instructions,
Which may return to plague the inventors."
This constant talk about the dissolution of the
Union has a tendency to familiarize the public
mind with the idea, and lead people to believe that
such an event is possible. Sir, this Union should
be broken only with the last pulsation of a nation's
heart.
In conclusion, allow me to say, that I trust the
day will come when we may get clear of slavery,
and that the black population, which now presses
so hard upon the southern States, may either be
returned—improved as they will be, in every point
of view—to the land of their ancestors in Africa,
or remove south, without the limits of the Union,
where they can mix with a people upon terms of
equality. [Here Mr. B. 's hour expired.]
EXTENSION OP SLAVE TERRITORY.
SPEECH OF MR. JAMES DIXON,
OF CONNECTICUT,
In the House of Representatives,
February 9, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under consid-
eration the Bill appropriating Three Millions of
Dollars, for the purpose of obtaining peace with
Mexico; to which Bill an amendment had been
offered, prohibiting Slavery in any Territory
thereby to be acquired, (Mr. Norris, of New
Hampshire, in the chair)—
Mr. DIXON addressed the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: If the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Brod-
head,J is to be believed, the Union of these States
is about to encounter a new danger-—one which
never excited the fears of the framers of our Con-
stitution, and against which they had not the fore-
sight to guard. They warned us against sectional
divisions—against the influence of foreign Govern-
ments in our domestic affairs—against interference !
with "State institutions by the Federal Government
—against party spirit: but the danger pointed out j
by the honorable member from Pennsylvania did I
not occur to them. He would have us believe, that
unless California is acquired and admitted into the
Union as slave territory, we shall see the bonds of
our Confederacy torn asunder, and its shattered
fragments exposed to constant collision with each
other—perhaps engaged in -perpetual war! I trust,
sir, that this danger is only imaginary, and that
we may refuse the extension of slave territory,
without the alarming consequences predicted by
the gentleman. He and those who think with him
seem to have failed to keep up with the progress !
of the a e; they forget the change m public opin-
ion which the lapse of time has witnessed. Even
a portion of the northern Democracy, the " natu- '
ral allies of the South, have advanced from the
"twenty-first rale'' to the "Wilmot proviso." Dis-
cussion of a certain "peculiar institution" is no
longer suppressed on tins floor; and it is now too
late for gentlemen to alarm us for the safety of the
Union, unless slavery, which, even in this Hall,
no longer holds despotic sway, shall be extended
to the plains and mountains of Mexico.
But, sir, while by a refusal to extend the limits
of slave territory, our Union cannot be endangered,
there is ^reat cause for alarm in an opposite policy.
\I he honorable member has not exaggerated our
danger, but he has wholly mistaken the source of
the peril he predicts. If this grfeat republic i^ever,
by any terrific convulsion, to be shattered into frag-
ments, it will be in consequence of attempts on the
part of the advocates of human slavery to extend
its dominion. Other questions admit of compro-
mise and concession; on this, concession has al-
ready gone far beyond the limits of a just modera-
tion, and has degenerated ihto servility. There is
no room for farther concession. Its utmost verge
has already been passed.
The war in which we are now engaged had its
origin in the policy of extending our territorial
limits for the avowed purpose of perpetuating sla-
very. No man pretends to deny that it's primary
cause was the annexation of Texas. Without that
measure the war would not have existed. One of
the main arguments advanced by the opponents of
annexation, when the scheme was first proposed,
was the war which would be its probable ifonse-
quence. That it was not an inevitable consequence
I admit, for after Texas had become a part of this
Union the war might still have been avoided. Hav-
ing now been commenced, questions of the most
momentous importance demand our consideration.
If there is wisdom in our councils, all its pro-
foundest lessons are now needed to carry the na-
tion safely through the difficulties which encompass
her path. To restore peace by the wisest and
surest means is our first duty. I deem it to be a
duty, scarcely second to this, to provide that the
arrogant and encroaching slaveholding oligarchy,
which instigated the measure by which we were
involved in war, shall not secure, by its final re-
sults, their darling object, the further extension of
slave territory.
It was not my purpose, in obtaining the floor, to
discuss the origin of the present war with Mexico.
I cannot, however, pass over this part of the sub-
ject without entering my protest against a doctrine
which has been avowed in this House. War ex-
ists; and we not only have been told that while it
exists no voice must be raised to denounce its enor-
mities, but that no inquiry may be made into its
origin and cause. He who ventures to ask why,
•in this Christian age, and by this Christian nation,
war is waged, is denounced as a traitor to his coun-
try. We have been, sir, in existence as an inde-
pendent nation only seventy years, and in that
brief space of time has it come to this, that our
Executive may involve the people in a war, into
the justice and propriety of which no man dare in-
quire? It is but lately, sir, in the progress of hu-
man affairs, that this principle has been advanced.
For the Democracy of this latter day it has been
reserved to declare on this floor that when once we
are involved in war, no matter by what means, the
voice of remonstrance must be hushed in utter
silence till the war is over. Men who call them-
selves freemen, and who represent fieemcn, stand
here in this assembly of the people's Representa-
tives, and argue, that should the President of the
United States, by his own act, involve this nation
in war, it is our duty to keep silence till he sees fit
to end the contest, and that he who inquires into
the necessity or justice of the quarrel is a moral
traitor. If there is anything, after the experience
of the last few years, which can shock the people
of this country, it should be the avowal of such a
principle. For myself and for my constituents, I
denounce the infamous doctrine. They are repre-
sented on this floor by no such miserable slave as
he must be who would shrink from declaring their
sentiments. I shall be deterred from the exami-
nation of this subject by no terms of opprobrium
which may be showered upon those who dare to
oppose Executive usurpation, whether they come
from the President himself or his obsequious and
sycophantic followers. This is a moment when
the country demands the services of its true friends.
At this hour of peril he who fails in his duty is
indeed a traitor! Enemies far more dangerous than
any foreign foe are in our midst. They are labor-
ing to subvert die foundations of our free institu-
tions; they are swelling the already gigantic power
of the Executive; they are perverting the strength
of the republic to the vile purpose of extending and
perpetuating slavery, and thus burying the nation
m guilt which years of punishment cannot expiate.
I cannot look upon their attempts in silence; I
shall render them no aid and comfort.
I have already said, sir, thst though the present
war was the result of the attempt to perpetuate
slavery by the annexation of Texas, it was not
rendered inevitable by that measure. It might still
have been avoided, by the exercise of that degree
of prudence which conducts men safely through
the ordinary affairs of life. The folly and weak-
ness of our rulers have involved us in this un-
necessary contest, in myjudgment, quite as much
as the deliberate determination which is usually
the origin of war. If it was in the outset a crime,
it was not the less a blunder, into which the
Administration were deluded and betrayed, by an
unpardonable ignorance of the Mexican character,
and a consequent contempt of the enemy they were
seeking to encounter. Undoubtedly our war-seek-
ing President anticipated an easy triumph—a short
and brilliant campaign. Visions of glory haunted
his imagination. He had just cowered before
" the British Lion, rampant on its cloth of gold,"
and he was desirous to prove his spirit on some
less dangerous field of battle. Oregon, which he
had told the world was ours to 54° 40'; the navi-
gation of the Columbia, which he had solemnly
declared he would never surrender; these he had
hastened to yield to Great Britain on her first
offer to accept them. He began by declaring-our
title to the whole of Oregon to be " clear and
unquestionable;" he ended by consenting to cede
away more than five degrees of latitude, and by-
giving the British Government the right to pene-
trate to the interior of our acknowledged territory
by a river, to which he declared they had not even
the shadow of title. One of his most distinguished
supporters in the Senate [Mr. Hannegan] had pro-
nounced him politically dead and buried, beyond
the hope of resurrection, and had sung his requiem.
He was desirous, therefore, not only to find some
feeble enemy on whom he might prove his prowess,
but also to atone to his party, for surrendering
what he had called American "soil to the haughty
demands of a powerful monarch, by extortino- an
equal extent from the weakness of a neighboring
republic. Our boundaries were to be extended
by a few decisive battles, and the acquisition of
territory, if not entirely bloodless, was only to be
gilded by an easy victory. When, at last, the
President discovered his mistake, and learnt, too
late, the stubborn, unyielding character of the ene-
my he had encountered, he was, I think, as anx-
ious for peace as he had been eager for war. Not
satisfied with the ordinary forms of negotiation, he
resorted to means unheard of in the annals of di-
plomacy. A miserable intrigue with Santa Ana,
who was then a refugee in the island of Cuba, was
commenced, with the hope of betraying the Mex-
ican nation into an unwilling peace. If ever folly
grew from its ordinary littleness to stupendous
proportions-, it was m this memorable instance.
Mexico was then distracted, without a leader, torn .
by a thousand contending factions; and only one
man existed who possessed the magic power to
calm her distraction, reconcile her factions, and
lead her armies. That man was Santa Ana; and
the President of the United States, issued an order
to the commander of our blockading squadron, not
to interpose any obstacle to his entrance into
Mexico!
I call this, sir, folly of no ordinary character;
weakness bordering upon imbecility; a proof of
incapacity, which would be entirely incredible, if
it were not avowed and justified in the President's
message. In its results it has been productive of
all the mischief which might have been anticipated.
Santa Ana is at the head of the Mexican armies,
and has infused into the people of Mexico a nation-
ality of which they seemed before entirely desti-
tute. The Castilian blood is now thoroughly
aroused, and the war seems likely to be continued
for an indefinite period. The spirit which sus-
tained the Spaniards in their seventy years contest
with the Low Countries, in their war of a thou-
sand years with the Moors, in their stubborn re-
sistance to Napoleon, in their equally stubborn
attempts to subjugate Mexico, seems to have been
awakened to new life among their Mexican de-
scendants. We may overrun their country, but
can we subjugate its population? The events of
the last year do not indicate that we shall find this
a task entirely free from difficulty.
The President informs us in his message that
the object of the war is not conquest. It seems,
then, to be a fruitless, aimless contest, without ob-
ject, as it was without sufficient cause. For what
