334
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 9,
29th Cong.....2i> Sess.
Extension of Slave Territory—Mr. Dixon.
Ho. of Reps.
ing the dominion of slavery. If it is to be per-
petual—if it must extend its empire—if mankind
must be subject to its curse, wherever American
enterprise shall carry American power and civili-
zation throughout the world, we wash our hands
of the stain. The wrong must be perpetrated with-
out our instrumentality—in spite of our determin-
ed, unceasing resistance.
This, sir, i think, is the feeling of all parties in
the State of Connecticut. I believe it is the uni-
versal feeling of the North. Those northern men
with southern principles who resist it on this floor,
and betray their constituents upon this vital ques-
tion, have a fearful responsibility. Too long the
North has been betrayed. The stand which I trust
will he taken now, ought to have been taken on the
question of the annexation of Texas. Public opin-
ion has at last assumed a fixed and determined
character. You Bee it, sir, in its effects here, m
this Hall. How long is it since the question of
slavery could not be discussed in this Chamber of
the Representatives of* the people? Even the right
of petition was denied, and the voices which should
have been raised in defence of human liberty, and
in stern determined defiance of the dictation, which,
not satisfied with black slavery at the South, de-
manded also the subserviency of white slavery at
the North, were hushed in silence. That day has
passed away, never to return. Where petitions,
couched in suppliant and humble terms, were not
permitted to come, eloquent and fiery denuncia-
tions are now heard. Such, sir, is the progress of
public opinion. The men who boasted of being
the natural allies of the South, are now denying
their allegiance. Southern gentlemen will find their
mercenaries can no longer be trusted. The people
have taken up the subject; and from that State
whence, a few years since, came the meekest as-
surances of slavish submission, now swells, loudest
and loftiest, the proud determination of freemen.
Yes, sir, New Hampshire, whose Representatives
on this floor dared to deny to northern freemen the
right to present their petitions to Congress, in re-
lation to slavery, was the first State to resent the
wrong of the admission of Texas with a constitu-
tion perpetuating human bondage. I call on south-
ern gentlemen to take notice of the onward march
of the free sentiment of the North. Let them not
rely on their "natural allies." It is no longer their
interest to affect a regard for southern rights, which
they do not feel. Mark their course, and deter-
mine what shall be your policy with regard to the
acquisition of new territory, before, it is too late.
If you depend on them to aid you in extending
slavery, you will be disappointed. They dare not
go with you. The subserviency by which they
gained your confidence, has given way before a
danger nearer home, arid, therefore, more appal-
ling than your menaces. Your lehance on them
will be unavailing. Instead of the "21st rule,"
they now offer you the Wilmot proviso.
The feeling which pervades the North, on the
subject of slavery, is not one of sickly sentimen-
tality. While the system of human bondage which
prevails at the South, is considered in the highest
degree unjust and oppressive to the slave, it is be-
lieved to be hardly less injurious to the master. It
is, besides, disgraceful to'us as a nation; disgrace-
ful to the age in which we live, so far as those of
the present age are responsible for its existence and
continuance. Circumstances beyond our control
have fastened it upon a portion of our country. It
is an inherited evil, and no man is farther than I
am, from a spirit of uncharitable denunciation of
the South, for the existence of a misfortune to
which they are born. How they shall deliver
themselves from this evil, is a problem which I
confess myself unable to solve; though I am sure
that the violence with which they have been assail-
ed by their northern brethren, cannot aid them in
coming to so desirable a result. But, sir, while I
know not how slavery can be removed from those
States where it is now in existence, unless it be bv
the voluntary efforts of those most interested, yet
1 think I can see how its extension can easily be
checked. Let it be understood and solemnly cov-
enanted, beforehand, that m those regions now al-
most uninhabited, which it is proposed to add to
our territory, involuntary servitude, except for
crime, shall never be permitted. Can the South
object to this?
The honorable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Cobb,] who spoke this morning, insisted that the
spirit of the compromise of the Constitution, re-
quired us to consent to the extension of slavery
over any territory which might at any time there-
after come under our rule. Because seventy years
ago—when the region now perhaps to be acquired
was unthought of, unexplored, ulmost undiscover-
ed—our fathers consented that persons held to ser-
vice should be represented in the Congress of the
proposed Union, not by themselves but by their
owners, thus creating a representation of property,
and because it was further agreed, that such per-
sons held to service and escaping into any State,
should be returned to their owners; therefore we
are bound to extend this slave representation, not
only over Texas, but throughout New Mexico and
California, and are to become also a community of
slavecatchers for those countries ! I deny that the
spirit of the Constitution exacts from us any such
concession. What the Constitution demands, we
will perform. We shrink not from its require-
ments while tlie Union exists. Show us what is
" nominated in the bond," and we will perform it.
If the Constitution has been already violated, if its
spirit has so far left it, under the violence to which
it has already been subjected, in the admission of
a vast region for the avowed purpose of perpetua-
ting slavery, that it is little better than a lifeless
body, still, by no assault from us shall its dissolu-
tion be hastened. We would cherish it and restore
it, if possible, again to life; certainly we would
not hasten its end, nor prevent its dragging out to
the latest possible day its feeble existence. The
State of Connecticut has always respected its man-
dates. It has never been wounded by her assaults.
Let me give you, sir, an example of the respect
which she has always paid to the Constitution of
the Union, while, in some other States, it has been
made only a pretext for defending wrong and de-
nying right. She enacted a law giving to fugitive
slaves the right of trial by jury, in the year 1838.
At the session of her Legislature held in 1844, it
appeared that a similar law, passed by the Legis-
lature of New York, had been declared unconsti-
tutional by the Supreme Court of the United States.
What then, sir, was the course pursued by Con-
necticut? Did she attempt to nullify the decision
of the court ? Did she refuse to conform her legis-
lation to the Constitution of the Union, as pro-
mulgated by its supreme judicial tribunal? No,
sir, she submitted in respectful silence, and repeal-
ed her own law in deference to the opinion of the
Supreme Court, and for no other leason. She be-
lieved, no less than before, that the immutable
principles of justice required the enactment of the
law in question; but she also acknowledged, that,
while she continued a member of this Union, her
Legislature had no power to pass a law, which
conflicted with the letter or spirit of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. While her law was in
itself just, she considered it null'and void, when it
was declared so to be, by the competent tribunal,
and therefore it was repealed. Such, sir, is the
respectful deference to the Constitution, which per-
vades the State of Connecticut. I could wish, sir,
that some of the States, who in the hour of danger
are glad to find refuge under its protection, were
equally willing to respect its authority, when its
provisions rebuke their assumption.
The Constitution of the United States, neither
in its letter nor its spirit, requires us to consent to
the extension of slave territory. We are at liberty
to treat it as an open question, to resume the capa-
city of choice, which, under the Constitution, we
have relinquished, where slavery exists by its
sanction, and to decide whether, being thus free to
choose, we will consent to be made parties to the
extension of a deplorable evil, viewed in this
light, can southern gentlemen complain, that while
we lespect their rights, we revolt at the idea of
inflicting upon a land, blessed by Heaven with
every natural advantage, a curse which will render
all these advantages comparatively worthless ?
What, sir, let me ask, is the effect of slavery,
wherever it exists? We have examples among
our own States, which furnish a reply to this
question. Contrast Virginia and Pennsylvania.
In natural advantages Virginia is superior to any
State m this Union. Her climate is the most
favorable to the perfect development of human
excellence on the globe. Her cold is not exces-
sive—her heat is not intense. The breezes which
sweep over her valleys, softened by the rays of
a genial sun, and purified by her mountains and
forests, unlike those of other mild climates, bring
physical enjoyment, without enervating the frame.
Her soil, tnough exhausted in many portions of
the State by a false system of cultivation, is suffi-
ciently fertile. Iron and coal abound in all her
hills, and she has water power in abundance. Yet
she is a worn-out decaying State. Her people are
emigrating to regions less favored by nature.
Pennsylvania, with certainly no greater natural
wealth, and a harsher, more repulsive climate, has
far outstripped her in wealth and population.
What has made them to differ? Can anyone
doubt that slaveryis the incubus which has crush-
ed the energies of Virginia and marred her beauty
in the very morning of her youth, with the wan
decrepitude of old age.
If California is to be ours, shall we inflict a sim-
ilar doom upon its future inhabitants? We are
told that nature has done more for that region, than
even for Virginia. It would seem, if some descrip-
tions of its soil and climate are to be credited, that
the bounty of nature has been almost exhausted
in rendering it the most favored region of the globe.
If all be true which we read concerning it, the
world has mistaken the schooling necessary to
make men, if that soft climate, and too easy soil,
is the spot on which a bold, hardy, independent
rrce may be expected to win true greatness under
any circumstances.. Rather on the cold bills of
New England, should I expect to find the enduring
frames, and powerful intellects, which are to up-
hold the glory and freedom of our nation. But if
a too bounteous nature in that region, so tempting
to our cupidity, allures to idleness—if the mildness
of its climate, and the fertility of its soil endanger
the character of the people who are to inhabit it,
what will they become when enervated by slavery ?
Who, that regards the future prosperity of that
favored country, can desire to plant there an insti-
tution, which will inevitably make it worse than
an unpeopled desert—the home of an enfeebled,
idle, luxurious, effeminate race of men ? Without
labor, there can be no manly strength in any com-
munity; and there will be no labor in California,
or elsewhere, without the necessity of labor. It
was to create this necessity, and to ensure the re-
sults which would follow, that the earth was made
to bring forth thorns and briars spontaneously,
while the food of man must be extorted by cease-
less industry from its unwilling soil. The prime-
val curse has thus become one of our richest'
blessings. To exempt the future white popula-
tion of California from^the necessity of by labor,
providing an abject race, who shall perform it in
brutal degradation and trembling fear, will be the
greatest curse we can inflict upon that country.
But we are told that the discussion of this ques-
tion at this time is premature; that we should first
obtain the territory, before we consider by what
policy it shall be governed. It is too early, say
the advocates of slavery, to form a resolution on
this subject. I remember, sir, that they said some-
thing very similar to this when the question of the
annexation of Texas was before this House. It
was then too early to talk of providing for freedom
in that territory. Wait, said the slaveholders of
the South—wait, echoed their white serfs from the
North—wait till we make sure of Texas; there will
then be ample time to discuss the subject of slavery.
Their policy was adopted; the resolution providing*
;l for annexation was passed, with a promise, which
;! satisfied the easy consciences of the "natural al lies,"
i: that a satisfactory compromise line should be laid
down, beyond which slavery should not extend.
At the last session of Congress we saw the sequel.
Texas had, as a State, framed a constitution which
prohibited the abolition of slavery by her own Legis-
lature! thus perpetuating human bondage by all
the means which her sovereignty enabled her to
" command. What was the action of the House
! when that constitution came up for consideration?
11 The whole of Texas—the north as well as the
ij south—was admitted as a State, with a constitu-
tion prohibiting its own legislature from abolish-
!■ ing slavery within its own limits And this out-
['rage, sir, was committed under the operation of
r the previous question, without debate. No mem-
j[ ber here, with the exception of the eloquent and
distinguished representative from the Berkshire
district of Massachusetts, [Mr. Rockwell,] was
