APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 10,
29$H Cgng..,..2B SESS.
The Mexican War—Mr, Foot.
Ho, of Reps.
ty and free debate, and to demand submissive
obedience to the high behests of power upon the
peril of Executive wrath, even thou,gh it utter its
denunciations with forked and fiery tongue, if free-
men would not basely surrender all that is worth
living for, and all that is worth dying for, they
must meet the monster at the threshold; and,
without stopping to calculate the dangers of the
conflict, they must cast out the unwelcome and in-
solent intruder at once and forever from their pre-
sence. It hai been said, that "eternal vigilance
is the price of freedom." I will superadd, that
eternal resistance to the incipient and insidious en-
croachments of power 13 the only guarantee of
public liberty.
It is the first time, and I trust it may be the last
time, that the President of the United States shall
deem it in the line of his official duty, or among
his official prerogatives, to charge, either directly
or by implication, the crime of treason against their
country, upon any portion of his constituency,
for the exercise of a privilege guarantied to every
American citizen by the Constitution under which
we live. Such a charge, emanating from some
humbler source, coming from some irresponsible
libeller, from some common reviler, from some
hireling minion of the court, from some pot-house
blackguard, might be passed by unnoticed. The
lowness of its origin would shield its author
from the notice of coritemot. But, originating in
the source it did, and coming in the form and man-
ner it has come, disseminated as it has been through
the length and the breadth of the country, and re-
iterated as it has been, and now is, through all the
organs of detraction and calumny, from the high-
est to the lowest, it rises to the importance, at least,
of claiming from all independent and honorable
men a united response of universal and unqualified
reprobation. The obvious purpose of the charge
has been signally defeated; and he who made it
mistook the character arid temper of the American
people. The author of the Kane letter knows
better how to dcceive and to cheat the people, than
how to intimidate or coerce them. It requires the
exercise of a different and higher faculty to wield
the sceptre of authority, than to play off a success-
ful trick. He who should succeed as a juggler,
might fail as a hero.
Sir, the imputation of moral or constructive
treason, or of a want of patriotism in those who
arraign the conduct of the Administration for
wantonly and wickedly involving the country 111
an unnecessary wcir, is a libel upon as pure, and
high-minded, and independent, and patriotic a por-
- tion of the people as their calumniator or his apol-
ogists and defenders. Those who come within
the category of Executive denunciation may claim
as much regard for the rights and the honor of the
country, as is exhibited by those who can "see
no wrong in the King." I hold that the patriot-
ism of those who stand without the pale of Exec-
utive dispensations, is quite as unquestionable, and
quite as far above reproach and suspicion, as is
the vaunted patriotism of those who, standing
within the Kings gate, bask in the sunshine of
royal favor, and whose place, and whose daily
bread, perhaps, may be depending upon the degree
of flattery and subserviency with which they earn
it. They may be less loyal subjects, but they are
notless true patriots. If they are not quite as loyal
to the crown, they are quite as loyal to the country.
When Chatham, and Buike, and Fox, and Cav-
endish, and Wilkes, and Richmond, and Hartly,
and Grafton, and Barre, and others, uttered the
thundeis of their denunciation in the British Par-
liament'against the conduct of their own Govern-
ment in the war with these American colonies,
were they wanting in patriotism, and guilty of
moral treason? Sir, I have not been thus taught.
And the gentleman from New York [Mr. Strong J
is the first man, American or foreigner, I ever
heard denounce the conduct, or impugn the mo-
tives, the integrity, or the patriotism of these men.
Had the slanderous imputation been cast into their
teeth m the royal address, by the occupant of the
throne of England, it would have been at the haz-
ard of his crown, if not his head. We live in a
practical'despotism, a republic only in name, when
theee bold, and high-handed offences against the
highest privileges of freemen may be tolerated and
passed by as of small moment". We a*e slaves
and not freemen, if we do not repel and rebuke
them. Sir, this is nothing less th^n an authorita-
tive attempt, on the part of your President, to awe
the people into silence where they cannot approve
the acts of the Administration in relation to the
war in which they have involved the country.
But the attempt has been most signally reproved
by its most signal failure. It will not be likely to
be repeated. It will form no paragraph in another
Presidential message. It has not stifled the free-
dom of debate. It has not silenced the voice of a
free press, nor yet the voice of a free people. It
has not suppressed the deep-toned mutterings of
popular complaint and indignation against the con-
duct of your Administration. You might as well
attempt to hush the thunders of Niagara's roar.
You might as well whisper to the troubled ocean
"be still," when lashed to fury by the storm.
The popular judgment is against the Administra-
tion, and against its whole system of policy, and
he is a poor reader of the " signs of the times," i
who does not so interpret them. The sentence of
public condemnation has been pronounced upon
it, more decisive and more emphatic, indeed, than
has ever before "been visited upon any adminis-
tration of this Government thus early in its career.
Its doom is already sealed. It is written out in
characters of glaring light, no less palpable, and no
less portentous, than the " mene, tekel, upharsin,"
upon the palace wall of the Babylonian monarch.
" They who think they stand, let them Lake heed
lest they fall."
Mr. Chairman, if gentlemen are very curious or
inquisitive to find evidences of treason, moral or
overt, against the country, they must look else-
where than among the common walks of life. The
culprit is not there. They must look to higher
places even than in the halls of Congress. The
principal is not to be found here, although, per-
chance, they may catch up some of his aiders and
abettors. Go to your Department of State, and
from its deep and hidden recesses, from its secret
archives, drag forth to the light of broad day the
secret correspondence of your President, through
his prime minister, with the notorious and exiled
Santa Ana. Adopt the resolution offered the other
day by my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ash-
mun,] and let the world see and know, not only by
whose agency and whose direction, but upon what
terms and conditions, and upon what considera-
tions, the most arch enemy of the United States,
with his retinue of some sixty Hispano-Mexicans,
thirsting for the blood of our soldiers and our citi-
zens, was permitted to return unmolested to his
own country and people. Show us all the instruc-
tions to the secret messenger to Havana, and all
the communications in relation to this most mys-
terious affair; and if they do not show forth a con-
spiracy and a conspirator against the best interests
of this country, winch, m the perfidy of its-char-
acter, would cast into the shade the treason of an
Arnold, they will at all events show, not only by
whose agency the most efficient " aid and comfort"
have been rendered to the public enemy, but who
of all others is most obnoxious to the charge of
treachery to his trust and of treason to the coun-
try.
Do this, sir, and then follow out, if you please,
the suggestions of a late number of the " Executive
organ,"and enact your law with its sanction of
pains and penalties against " moral treason,'" and
the grand inquest of the nation will not be slow to
present you with an illustrious respondent. And
then, if you please to carry out the further sug-
gestion from the same source, and to open your
registers for the enrolment of the names of those
who may be caught in giving " aid and comfort"
to Mexico, you will be in no doubt with what
name to head the list. If he who sits at the
" Executive organ," and grinds out such music
only as is most agreeable to royal ears, who mani-
fests at all times an amiable readiness to do his
master's will, and who occasionally assumes the
congenial office of taskmaster, to lash into proper
submission such naughty Democrats as are some-
times presumptuous enough to think for them-
selves, and aie at times a little restive under the
party collar; if he, I say, is desirous of finding
subjects obnoxious to his threatened penalties, it
may be a relief to him to be informed that he need
not pass beyond the shadow of his own patron.
And while he utters the libellous intimation that
the army of Santa Ana would be strengthened by
the accession of some thousands of American citi-
zens, but for the restraining fear of the halter, and
that they therefore merit the penalties of overt
treason, we are prompted to ask how much less
meritorious is he who, by the extreme exercise
of his appointing power, gave to that army its
commander-in-chief? " Judge not, that ye be not
judged," is an admonitory maxim of divine origin,
which may be well addressed to those who, while
they commend the <e poisoned chalice" to the lips
of others, should bear in mind that it may in turn
be commended to their own.
Santa Ana is, beyond question, the most able,
as well as the most experienced and popular, of
.all the Mexican generals, and his permission to
return most effectually aided and comforted the
public enemy. His recent election as President of
the republic furnishes ample proof of the correct-
ness of this assertion. He placed himself at once
at the head of the Mexican army; rallied her scat-
tered and fugitive soldiery; imparted new life and
energy to their desponding hopes; and gave new
vigor to the distracted councils of the Mexican
Government. But for this, the war might have
been ended before this day; but for this, the fur-
ther effusion of blood might have been arrested.
But for this, the call for more money and for more
men, for more of the nation's treasure and for more
of the nation's life, might have been avoided. But
in consequence of this, the war is protracted. In
consequence of this, Mexico, instead of being hum-
bled in her pretensions, and ready to make terms
of peace, presents herself in more formidable array,
and with more united councils, and with more
determined resistance than ever before. Where
but lately we saw the divisions of her soldiery
broken and discontented, her people disheartened
and despairing, her public councils hesitating and
distracted, and her ablest generals m captivity, or
in prison, or in exile, we now see, by the conni-
vance of our own Executive Government, the only
man who could rally the sinking energies, and
revive the drooping hopes of his countrymen, at
the head of her civil Government, and in person
at the head of a well-appointed army of twenty-
five or thirty thousand men, ready and eager to
meet the American forces before the walls of Po-
tosi. In consequence of this, your Executive is
calling for new reinforcements of men, and new
loans, and new imposition of taxes. In conse-
quence of this, the war, which was to have been
ended in a few months, is now, apparently, but
just begun. In consequence of this one act of
wickedness or of weakness, of folly or of madness,
(call it what you may,) the energies of this nation
are to be tried to their utmost bearing, its treasures
are to be exhausted, and its life-blood to be shed.
Sir, there is no justification for this act. There
is no excuse for it. There is no palliation for it.
Whether regarded as a blunder or a crime, it ad-
mits of no extenuation. In the most favorable
view the utmost charity can take of the transac-
tion, it was an extra piece of diplomatic chicanery,
which has no parallel among enlightened nations,
and which the world will laugh at, while we must
deplore it. For all the dishonor, and all the at-
i tendant and disastrous consequences of this act,
' your President stands arraigned before the public
bar—before the great Areopagus of the American
people. They demand of him to know, why and
wherefore the acknowledged and most inveterate
enemy of the United States, the man under whose
administration and under whose countenance the
long catalogue of wrongs and outrages upon our
commerce and upon our citizens was committed,
the recital of which makes so conspicuous a figure
in the Executive Message; the man as notorious
j for his perfidy as for his crimes; as notorious for
; his treachery and his tyranny, as for his hatred to
I the American people; why was this man, they
'I demand to know, this monster of iniquity, then a
| powerless exile, permitted, ay, may I not say,
advised, persuaded, entreated, to go back to Mexi-
co, where he now stands at the head of the most
formidable army, in point of numbers, if not of
discipline and desperate determination, ever ar-
rayed upon any battle-field on the American con-
tinent?
Why,Mr. Chairman, itcannothave been forgot-
ten, that when the return of Santa Ana to Mexico
first became known in the United States, the ques-
tion was everywhere propounded, " how could he
