338
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 10,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Foot.
Ho. of Reps.
lor has done all that human skill and prowess could
do, -with the means at his command. The wonder
is, not that he has accomplished so little, but that
he has been able, under the circumstances, to ac-
complish so much. The won.der is, not that he
has not yet conquered Mexico, but that he and his
gallant little army have sustained themselves so
•well; that they have not been utterly routed and
cut to pieces. The wonder is, not that they have
not before this time enjoyed the luxury of "rev-
elling in the halls of the Montezumas," bus that
their bodies have not been blanching upon the
borders of the Rio Grande. But for the indom-
*" itable energy and heroism of General Taylor,
and those m his command, against vastly supe-
rior odds, the flag of your country, instead of float-
ing; in triumph to the breeze from the heights of
Monterey, would have been drawling, blood-
stained and dishonored, ingloriously in the dust.
All that has been achieved in this war, all that has
saved it from the ridicule of the world, and its au-
thors from the unmitigated contempt of mankind,
has been achieved under the immediate counsels
and command of General Taylor; and yet his name
finds no commendation in thut voluminous mes-
sage, which purports to give a detailed history of
the origin and the progress of the war. No, sir;
the name of the brave old hero, who has won every
battle that has been fought; who was ordered into
the midst of dangers against superior forces; who
has driven back the advancing foe from your bor-
ders, and who is the real hero of the story, is hardly
referred to in that recent executive fiction, whose
scene is laid in Mexico, and of which you have
ordered the publication of a very large edition.
Let the country mark the significant and ominous
fact, that the warworn soldier of many years, and
of many battles, and of as many victories; who
has borne the standard of his country in triumph
through every conflict; whose life has endured the
privations and the hardships of the camp in his
country's service; who has braved alike the dan- ;
gers of battle and the dangers of the pestilence
that walks m the air; who sits down to a soldier's
fare, and who rises up to a soldier s toil; whose j
fortune is his fame, and whose fame is his coun-
try's, is not deemed worthy of an approving notice
in that elaborate Executive communication, which
professedly recites the transactions of which he was
the chief, and rejoices in the triumphs of which he
was (he uctor. lie who, by the accidents of for- j
time, has been elevated to power, who proudly ,
treads his palace halls, and sits at ease and secu- '
rity in his chair of State, may jealously suppress !
the name of*one who has achieved so much and !
suffered so much at his bidding, but in vain will he
endeavor to divert the public gaze from the glories !
that gather around that name. It is a name which !
will go down to after times in full lustie, even i
though it be not transmitted in the amber of a ■'
Presidential document.
^ But I repeat, Mr. Chairman, it was an ominous j
silence, a significant omission. It was but the pre- li
monition of a concerted partisan assault upon the :
hard-earned fame of General Taylor—of an insidi- i
ous attempt to pluck from his brow the laurels he \
may have won, with which to deck less honored ;
heads, and to charge to his account whatever of I
failure there may have been towards a vigorous !
and successful prosecution of the war. It is for- l'
ei n from my purpose, however, to  o into a lie- !!
tailed defence of the acts of General Tayloraifainst ,'J
the assaults which have been openly made upon j
Jum or) this floor, especially since it has been so i'
faithfully and so effectually done by my youno- ;i
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Crozier.1 But le"t I
me assure the pioneers in these assaults, the een- ''
t eman from Illinois, [Mr. Ficklin,] and the gen- K
tleraan frorn Mississippi, [Mr.Thompson,] and all
■who nwy follow m their lead, that they have
struck a chord which will find 110 response in the 'I
American heart. ,j
Mr. Chairman, if the war has not been prosecu- '!
ted ivith vigor: if it lias " progressed at a snail's |!
pace, according to the language of the gentleman 1
fiom Illrnois; if you have won only " barren vie- '
ones, thefaultiies elsewhere than upon thecom- i;
iimlpr-Tt? gf'.\era'' u.nt* t,le American people will so
have nml t i uS cause Your Administration ij
with n m ? WHr more wilh a view, and li
tZ t« a"xlous desire,   conquer territory "
than to conquer a peace." If the restoration of i1
an u honorable peace" is to be secured only by a
" vigorous prosecution of the war," as the Presi-
dent has said, and as his friends here have a thou-
sand times repeated, you will excuse me for ask-
ing why you call for the three millions of dollars
in the bill before us, wilh which to enable the Pres-
ident to bv,y a peace? Cannot peace be restored
easier, and cheaper, and more honorable, than to
buy it, or to fight for it ? The people may be at a
little loss to understand fully how the leturn of
Santa Ana and his retinue could contiibute to the
restoration of peace, unless it might be under the
quieting influence of a two or three million bHbe; or
how it could contribute to a more " vigorous prose-
cution of the war," except by requiring much more
hard fighting, and much more sacrifice of human
life. They may not deem it treasonable or improper
to question the wisdom of sending a large part of
our active forces to the Pacific coast, and across
the trackless wilds of New Mexico and California,
where, for all practical and legitimate purposes of
a " vigorous prosecution of the war," they are as
useless as if they were posted in the deserts of
Sahara. Yes,sir; they may be impertinent enough
to inquire why it was, if the Administration have
been doing with all their might what they could do
for "the " vigorous prosecution of the war," that,
but a few days before the five million loan was
taken, in November last, a private letter from the
Secretary of War was published and circulated to
the country, through the public press, saying, that
" the amount of force already in service is deemed suf-
ficient for the prosecution of the icar;" and then, im-
mediately after the loan was taken up, that an
official requisition was issued from the same Sec-
retary for ten new regiments of volunteers, to serve
for five years, or during the war? Everybody,
doubtless, now understands the object of that pri-
vate communication, but designedly made public.
The trick succeeded, and the loan was taken. It
was obtained upon false pretences. It was of the,
same character of the Kane letter. It was a decep-
tion, a fraud upon the public. It was a crime for
which, in private life, the offender would be con-
signed to the dungeons of the penitentiary. In
high life, these things are done with impunity, if
not with applause. The sime acts which make
Presidents and cabinet- ministers of some men,
j make convicts and felons in straight-jackets of
| others. These are the men, too, who prate about
I maintaining flic "honor of the country." Sir,
j charge the indecision and imbecility of the conduct
| of this war, its "bootless victories," and its popu-
j lar odium, to whom it belongs. Lay it to any-
body, (ay it to everybody, rather than to the tented
old warrior, but for whose display of a prudence
and valor which has commanded the applause and
admiration of all intelligent and just men, the mili-
tary arm of your Government would have been
stricken down in dishonor. This charge comes !
too late. It comes with a bad grace, and from a |
worse heart. The motive that instigates it, is too ■
palpable to deceive or to mislead the public mind. ;
It will not answer even the poor purpose of open- ;
ing the way for the appointment of that nondescript !
officer, half civil and half military, whom vou would j
dignify by the title of lieutenant general In one !
point of view, however, this effort on the part of ;
the Administration, and some of its friends, to dis- i
parage the conduct and services of General Taylor, |
is not to be regretted. While it can harm no hair :
of his head, it discloses a consciousness on their j
part, that the popular condemnation rests upon I
this Mexican war—upon its origin, its mode of!
conduct, its ostensible objects, and upon its guilty ;
authors. Hence this effort, manifestly, m order to '
shield themselves from the full weight of its fearful
responsibilities, and to relieve themselves, thus far
forth, from the full measure of that still more fear-
ful retribution which awaits them.
But my time will not allow me, Mr. Chairman,
to dwell longer upon these collateral points. I li
have said that this was a war of invasion, and '
waged with a view to the conquest and per- 1
manent acquisition of territory. And let me re-ii
mark, in passing, that, notwithstanding all that |,
has been said about securing indemnity for our
citizens who have claims against Mexico, this has '•]
no more connexion with the origin of the war, or b
with the leading object of its prosecution, than it !|
has with a Mahometan pilgrimage to Mecca. And :i
all the President's repeated expressions of sympa- ^
i thy in behalf of " our long-suffering and much-
|i injured fellow-citizens," whose claims for Mexican
ij spoliations remain unpaid, are in strange contrast
with his repudiation of the larger, and older, and
equally just claims of a more numerous class of
other of " our long-suffering and much-injured
fellow-citizens" for unsatisfied French spoliations.
He would £o to war for the one, and veto the
other '. But I have no time to spare to the examina-
tion of the history and-character of these Mexican
spoliations. The suggestion that they had any
connexion with the origin of this war is an after-
thought, a mere subterfuge, as pitiful as it is
destitute of foundation in truth. If you had said
that the wrongs and injuries which Mexico had
| committed against us afforded an ample and justi-
< liable cause of war, and that we waged war against
J her on that account, there would be at least some
' show of consistency in the declaration. But all
t your allegations are, that Mexico commenced the
1 war against us; and it is somewhat difficult to see
j how her own former aggressions upon our rights
| should be the cause of her making war against us t
; Perhaps gentlemen can explain. Yet the recital
I of Mexican wrongs against the United States con-
! stitutesthe great burden of the Executive message
]j iii defence of the war: a message which more than
'I ten time3 repeats, with suitable variations, that
ij Mexico begun the war; a message more remaik-
i able, than for anything else, for rts distortion and
|: suppression of historical truth, and which is best
!j characterized as the weak defence of a bad cause
by a political pettifogger.
' It was an easy matter, Mr. Chairman, for folly
or mad ambition to plunge us into a war; but I
apprehend it will require the exercise of ali the wis-
dom and of all the patriotism of the country to ex-
tricate us from it. Gentlemen on the opposite side
| of the House profess to be most anxious for the
! return of peace, and talk loudly and patriotically
! about an " honorable peace," but fail to tell us,
|j with any degree of precision, what they mean by
: an "honorable peace." These words roll out
j • smoothly and flippantly from the tongue, as though
|| they had some meaning in them. An tl honoiable
11 peace" is what we ail desire. No one wants less.
But I desire to know what you mean by an " hon-
1 orahle peace/' How, and where, and upon what
conditions must peace be obtained, to be " honor-
able" in your estimation? How many acres of
land from Mexico would satisfy your high notions
j! of honor upon the subject of the restoration of
I • peace to our country ? How many more millions
of the people's money must be expended? How
j| much more of the people's blood must be shed?
II How many more human sacrifices are necessary
11 to satisfy the point of honor upon the question of
:| peace* How many more Rin^golds, and Wat-
.1 sons, and Hamers, must be stricken down by the
ij sword and the pestilence? How many more
! j households must be made desolate by sad'tidings
;; from afar? How much longer and louder must
the voice of wailing and of wo be heard through
I our land, in order to consecrate an " honorable
j peace Sir, if we cannot secure peace with Mex-
i ico upon terms which you would esteem " honor-
; able," short of a surrender to us of a large por-
! tion of her territory, I fear that day of hope is yet
, far distant in the future. And so long as the spirit
j of conquest shall rule the councils of those who
; hold m their hands the issues of peace and war—
| so long as they shall hold to the purpose of dis-
; membering Mexico of her provinces, whether as
j an object or an incident of the war is immaterial—
! what hope have sve of the proffer of peace 10 her,
; which shah not embrace the condition of a sur-
render of her territories? Or, if that demand be
; not mode directly and in terms, the same thing, in
1 effect, js done by demanding indemnity for the
j expenses of the war, when we know that slip has
t not the means or ability, if she had the disposition,
> to comply with such a requirement, except by the
cession of territory.
| iNow, I have no hesitation in saying that Mexico
' WOi^c\ stand justified before the civilized world m
i declining, at any hazard, to accede to such a de-
mand. It would be unjust, and therefore not
: "honoiable," on our part, to make this exaction,
as the price of peace with her. If those who, for
In P l"kja rtn* tk _ J.. . 1. '
the time be.ng, unhappily wield the destinies of
this republic, are ardently and honestly desirous of
restoring to it a speedy and an " honorable peace,"
