1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sit
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Parrish.
Ho. of Reps.
■ bill, at this time? None whatever; and it
is shown to he unnecessary by those who intro-
duce and support it. They argue that slavery is a
positive institution, and can only exist where
human laws authorize it; and that slavery does
not now exist in the Mexican provinces, and there-
fore not in any territory that may be at this time
acquired from Mexico to this Government, either
by conquest or treaty. This I believe to be true.
They, further argue that the General Government
has power to legislate over all territory belonging
to the United States, and that no territorial law is
valid without the sanction of Congress. Though
this last hypothesis is questionable and certainly
needs qualification, yet it is assumed, to justify
action by Congress on this question before terri-
tory is acquired, and maintain its supremacy over
the subject afterwards. Now, in connexion with
their premises, I maintain it to be a well-settled rule
of international law, that when territory passes
from one State or Government to another, either
by conquest or by trealy, there being no stipula-
tions to the contrary, the territory passes to the
acquiring Government with its existing laws and
institutions, and so remains until changed by sub-
sequent legislation. Hence, if slavery does not
exist now, and if territory is acquired, it can only
exist there when it shall be hereafter authorized
by Congress. Therefore there is no necessity, at
this time, for redeclaring what is and must be the
rule until changed. By the arguments of those
who support this proviso, it is clear that "slavery
can only be introduced into the territory by those
who would advocate it coming into this House and
asking and obtaining the aid of Congress to sanc-
tion it. When that period arrives, if it ever should,
this question will be an affirmative one, and legiti-
mately here; not a negative and uncalled for one,
as m the present instance.
This proviso is not only unnecessary, but im-
proper, for another reason. Congress has no right
to dictate to the treaty-making power the terms of
negotiation. Her Senate may, as an advisory
body to the Executive, when called upon, give
its opinion; but neither the Senate nor the House
have the power to dictate or impose terms on the
treaty-making department in advance. The pre- j
cedent will be a bad one when it shall succeed on :
the one hand, or be submitted to on the, other.
Neither can the adoption of this proviso anymore ,
control or bind the power within the territory that |
might be acquired to alter its laws and institutions, |
or the future action of Congress, than it can the
treaty-making power, or any State formed of that j
territory after it should have been admitted into j
the Union. I
The provinces, states, or departments of the re- j
public of Mexico, like the States of the American i
Union, are supreme in matters relating to persons j
and property, and that supremacy would not be
lost by any of those states, provinces, or depart-
ments being transferred by the Mexican Govern-
ment to the United Stales. If it were otherwise,
in their present form, sosoonas any of those states,
provinces, or departments should be transferred to
this Government, all supremacy of the Mexican
Government would be at an end; and any such !
state, province, or department, before a territorial [
1 ^  —1 ^
form; and slavery, by the Constitution, is not
anti-republican. Prom this, I think it clear that
the principle of this proviso, however solemnly
enacted by Congress, can have no binding obliga-
tion. Again: if, in any territory that may be
acquired from Mexico, physical causes induce sla-
very, (which I do not believe,) no legislation by
this Congress, or any other, can or will prevent
it; and if, on the other hand, as I believe, these
causes do not exist to induce slavery, this legisla-
tion here is wholly unnecessary.
If there was no necessity for introducing this
question into the present bill, what causes have in-
duced it ? and who are among the foremost to ad-
vocate it' In the election of the present Executive,
a majority of the Democracy of the country united
cordially; and his annual messages have been re-
ceived as cordially and with as much favor by a
majority of the American people, as those of any
of his predecessors; and they now approve his
measures and his course in relation to the present
war, and are ready to stand by him. But the
political contest was scarcely ended by which the
President was elected, before the scramble for the
succession commenced; and with this Congress it
entered these Halls. In Congress and out of it,
the friends of those who may be supposed to he
candidates seem to have desired to mould eveiy- ,|
thing to promote the interests and stiengthen the
hands of their respective favorites, and to render
the Executive as powerless as possible without
wholly jeoparding the party that elected him.
Hence liis recommendations have received the
most dogged support, and on almost eveiy ques-
tion some portion of the party, who are supposed
to be in the majority, are found with the known
political opposition, to defeat or paralyze the meas-
ure. If we look to the source from which this
question was introduced at the present session,
and consider those and their arguments who are
its most forward supporters on this floor, it seems
to me a doubt cannot be entertained that President-
making and political advantage are involved m the j
subject. There also rests in the minds of some 1
persons on this floor, and elsewhere in the free j
States, a jealousy of the South, and they attribute 1
a unity of sentiment and purpose, which they charge j
to exist with the Representatives of the south-
ern States in Congress, to be the result of slave
representation. This, they argue, is at the prejudice
of % North; and as slavery is at the root of it,
they strike there to prevent an increase of such
representation to the South, whilst the northern
representation will necessarily extend, until that
very superiority, which is complained of in the
South, shall exist in the North—unity and ;
strength on this floor. Without stopping to inquire |
whether it is not the desire and ambition for office J
and power that induce the almost constant changes j
and successions in representations from the north- j
ern States, whilst the southern portions appreciate j
experience and continue their Representatives, and j
thus secure greater weight'in opinion and action, or I
whether if what gentlemen seem to think the root
aid with proof in hand, and, as I understand him,
endorses his friend from New York throughout.
But I ask gentlemen to remember, that whilst Mr.
Jefferson may have been willing to exclude slavery
in-the northwest, yet he was willing to extend it
in the southwest; and that it was during his Ad-
ministration, and by his influence, that Louisiana
was acquired, and slavery extended through the
southwestern States that have been created of
that territory. These gentlemen go a step further,
and, as if anxious to redeem the names of Wash-
ington and Jefferson from the infamy of that fanat-
icism which consigns all slaveholders to eternal
punishment, seek'to prove them opponents to sla-
very, whilst the world knows that both the^e great
men lived and died slaveholders. True, they saw
and wrote of the political and mSral consequences
of that fanatical and reckless political conduct which
might agitate this question, and distract the coun-
try. I wish my colleague, [Mr. Brihkerhoff,]
and those who harmonize in sentiment with him,
whilst he looked at the canvass on the right of
the Speaker, and made his solemn appeals to the
father of our country, had lemembered and prac-
tised what that good man inculcated in his valedic-
tory address to his countrymen. Hear what he
taught of the value of union, the means by which
it would be disturbed, and how he characterized
the agitators:
" Thrunity of government which constitutes yon one peo-
ple, is also now dear ro yon. It is justly so, for it is a main
pillar in the edifice or'your real independence ; tiie support
of your tianfjuillily at home, yonr peace abroad—of your
safety, of vour prosperity, of that very liberty which you so
highly prize. But it is easy to foresee that from different
causes and from different quarters much pains will be taken,
many artifices employed, to weaken in your minds the con-
viction of tins truth. As this is the point in your political
fortress against which the haueiies of internal ami evternul
en emirs will be most constantly and actively (though often
covertly and insidiously) dnectcd, it is of infinite moment
that yoii should pioperly estimate the immense value of your
national union to your collective and individual happiness ;
that you should cherish a cordial, habitual, an immovable
attachment to it; aeeustomingvourselves to think and speak
of it as the palladium of your political safety and prosperity ;
watching foi its preservation with jealous anxiety; th\raim-
teuancin « whatever may suggest even a suspicion that it can,
111 any event, be abandoned, and indignantly fiowning upon
the first dawning of every attempt to "alienate any portion of
our country from the lest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties
which now link togetliei the various paits." * * *
<■ in contemplating the raiw.- wlneh inav disturb our
union, it occurs as matter of serious concern that anyground
should have been furnished for ciiaiactcrizing parries by
■wraphical discriminations—Northern and Southern, At-
lantic and Western—whence designing men may endeavor
to excite a belief that there is a real difference of local in-
terests and views. One of the expedients of party to a'quire
intluence within particular distnets, is to misrepresent the
opinions and vuovs of other di-niets. Y'nu cannot slupld
yourselves too mucll against the jealousies and heart burn-
in^ which spung from these mi-oepre=entafions; they tend
to'rcnder alien to each other those who ought to be bound
together bv fraternal affection."
I look upon the use of these names as an attempt
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ratiibun]
and my colleague [Mr. Brinkerhoff] to prove
themselves not only true, but at the present time
the best Jeffersoman Democrats. This is the mis-
erable subterfuge, of all apostates, in religion or in
at a Kco^d p™ wi^o rn ti;;;; politics. When they find their new relations tin
oi an tin any i i     i   hm- m nn or mstice. thev resort tc
representation are equal to three white ones—were j
abolished, the places of those five colored persons ;
would not be filled by at least three white ones,
oicnA5  'iy *ii i vw. wi uvuui j    . .
organization was formed by Congress, could alter, ' • and thus secure the same amount of representation
create, or abolish any and all regulations of per- Ii as at present, and that representation be continued
sons and property, not affecting the property of : and united as at present, still this proviso, if now
J . .. i.   .c  nnrt spr.tmna i is nnsh-
the United States, at the pleasure of the inhabit-
ants. This right belongs to communities in then-
most primitive state; and when they should receive
an organized form by Congress, the territorial gov-
ernment could alter, adopt, or reject any or all such
regulations, over which Congress could not inter-
fere, except in cases affecting the property of the
United States, and perhaps negatively laws which
conflicted with the republican principles of the
enforced, is narrow, selfish,and sectional; is push
ed in here to influence the present question, and
, for political effect. There are those here who
I are chagrined at not receiving at the hands of the
I Executive place for themselves or some favorite, 1
| and avail themselves of any occasion to frustrate |
: the recommendations of the Executive; and when |
| a subiect is afforded, they attempt to connect the ;
' President with a particular institution and geo- ]
Federal Constitution. "But to maintain that Con- j) graphical influence, and avail themselves of their
gress has the power to ratify or affirm any act of [j sectional prejudices, which they foster, tor then-
territorial legislation, and especially those affecting i Such T believe to be among
domestic, religious, or political rights, is to main- i
tain the monarchical principle that Great Britain
.1 t 1. - A ... ....   I Vlftrtinn *IT 1\1A  Infl ♦ A
asserted over the American Colonies, which led to
the Revolution. If any such state, province, or
department should, out of its territory, form a
republican constitution, embracing within it sla-
very, it is entitled to be admitted into the Union,
and you cannot reject it, because the Federal Con-
stitution imposes no other terms than republican
justification. Such I believe to be among the most
prominei
question
taken; ni
attempted.
tenable, by either reason or justice, they resort to
the common text-book of their original faith to
prove themselves orthodox, and all others hetero-
dox. These gentlemen assume this a sectional
question. They seek to array the northern or free
States against the southern; and when appeal, en-
treaty, and invocations are exhausted to bring the
whole representation of the free States to support
their fanatical views, they resort to epithets, and
denounce those who oppose them as (raitms. Not
only this, but the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. R.vriiiicsr,] sustained by my colleague, [Mr.
TiRVKKT.i' it ovr, j charge substantially that the pi ice
of this treason is the patronage of the President-
some office received or expected. To say nothing
of the mod est v of these gentlemen, whose known
hostility to the Administration carries them to op-
pose in almost everything, so far asjliey^ca««°
prominent causes that have induced the present | " Uiey desire to be r«cord-
question. In its discussion a w.de range has been , palpab e, and even wn.ia y ^ ^ ^
taken; new aids have been called hi, and false views ,, ^^^^ofwith the mofal certainty" if their
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Rathbux]
i would make Mr. Jefferson the author of the pro-
I viso of 1787, and therefore the advocate of the
piinciple proposed to be incorporated in this bill.
1 My colleague, [Mr. Brinkerhoff,] comes to his
views can be sustained in the country, that they
defeat the very end of the war, and lead to dis-
graceful and precipitate peace. And when the
cause which has influenced the conduct of these
o-entlemcn is so well known on this floor, do not
