34£
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 10,
29th Cong....2d Sess.
The Wilmof Proviso—Mr. Wood.
such denunciations and such charges come with a
poor grace from such a source? Their lips should I
remain forever sealed on such subjects. But when j
gentlemen come forward and exhibit a great moral j
and political evil, and then tamely propose to tol- j
crate and sanction that evil for political power and
advantage, such men do not, in their appeals to the
Supreme Being, evince that high moral sense which
is to become the standard of my conscience. With
me their threats have no terrors, and their ap-
peals create no compunctions- If this subjcct is so
hideous as these gentlemen exhibit it, the Divinity
(and I speak it with reverence) will work out its cor-
rection jn His own good time and pleasure,-without
such instruments, and will not suffer His apostles
to barter it, as in the shambles, for Presidential or
political advantage.
What is to be the effect of this question, and
how shall it be disposed of? I answer for myself.
To see the councils of a great and-growing nation
like ours, in the midst of war, instead of uniting
their wisdom in the common cause, wasting their
time in tedious debate about the disposition of ter-
ritory that may never be acquired, is matter of
wonder; and whilst it renders us ridiculous in the
eyes of the civilized world, is humiliating to every
proud j patriotic, and generous American heart.
Mow supremely ridiculous and how humiliating!
and how must Mexico view this matter? Our ene-
my is taught to believe that in this are the seeds
of discord, that prevents unity of sentiment and of
action, and taltes encouragement to resist and with-
stand the valor of our arms. She also perceives,
what the world is ready to attribute to us, that the
commencement and prosecution of this war against
her is for the inglorious and sordid purpose of de-
spoiling her of her dominions, and acquiring her
territory to add to our own wealth and greatness.
This influences her resentment, and adds strength
to the patriotism which sanctifies the course of her j
arms, and forbids terms of peace that might other-
wise be deemed honorable and just. It gives a
moral forcc to her cause that arms her thiice. The i
agitation of this question, in connexion with the 1
present bill, defeats the recommendation of the
.bxccutive; for, whatever may he the result in this
.House, with this condition attached it cannot pass
the Senate, it generates and strengthens local preju-
dices and sectional feelings, andamiysone portion
of the country and its institutions and interests
against another, winch every sincere friend of the
Vmon should deprecate. It not only delays the war, j
hut it especially deieats its termination in the way ■
that a majority of our people are piepared to ex- 1
pect. Tho gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. j
Wji.mot,] who introduce* this proviso, savs ho !
goes for the war, and for the acquisition of territory
when a treaty of peace shall be formed. This may i
be honestly his opinion; and yet, whilst he advo- !
cates war to obtain territory, he may be found ad- i
vocating jn this a measure that will eventually '■
defeat that end, and hasten this war to an jn.olort- !i
ous termination. There has ever been in" this lf
countiy a strong element, whHi was designated by
us pai tisan denomination in the days when to be a ;!
federalist was no reproach, who consistently op- i
pose the acquisition of territory, or the extension i
of its limits by this Government. There are those '
acting with the Democratic party, who, afraid of ;
popular opinion, desire to be placed amono- the ad- ■:
vocates of this war, but who, secretly opposed to j|
the extension of our territorial limits,*avail them-
selves ot this question to defeat the acquisition of 11
territory without a direct avowal of their true sen- !
timents. Others are opposed to the acquisition of !
territory from prejudice and local considerations, '|
while not a few are so fanatical that, on a mere I
sentiment like the present, patriotism, justice, and ■'!
he extension of the blessing of freedom are made
o yield to this one idea. This question unites all j!
these elements, and, when combined, moulds opin-
ion, and may constitute a majority in the country '
against acquiring territory. I might with propriety
as* gentlemen who support this proviso if they
themselves will agree to accept territory, or if they i
are not opposed to acquiring any territory, unless -
With the condition of tins proviso ? and if tbey are
not thrown necessarily with their political oppo-
nen   on tms floor, against the acquisition of ter-
ntory' 1 \
In Addition, does it not require two-thirds of the :
senate to ratify a treaty acquiring territory r And
when this proviso is adopted by a majority here,
and sustained in the country, and it is fixed that
no part of the territory shall become subject to set-
tlement with slaves, will not the whole slavehold-
ing States in the Senate go against ratifying any
treaty acquiring territory ? By that means no ter-
ritory can be acquired from Mexico. Then, I ask,
will not the popular expectation he disappointed?
and are not the results of this war uncertain ? Can
you get out of it honorably; or should you not?
and will not the country demand that it be speed-
ily ended, if no indemnity can be obtained ? And
will they not hold that party responsible for the
acts of the Administration, and the inglorious ter-
mination of this war, who have advocated it?
These consequences flow from the introduction of
this proviso; and I ask gentlemen, who apply the
epithet of treason to those of the free States who do
not go with them, to consider if they are not the
i very persons who are most instrumental in defeat-
ing the Administration, distracting the party with
which they profess to act, and inflicting a serious
and lasting injury upon the country ! But the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania who moves this proviso,
and others who advocate it, say they would not
interfere with the question of slavery;' that all that
is desired is the neutrality of the Federal Govern-
ment on the subject. This, to me, seems strange,
and more than half admits they are wrong in press-
ing this question. Such neutrality, and the injus-
tice of this whole movement, are capable of illus-
tration. Suppose a father and his family, in which
there are two sons, by their joint industry, econo-
my, and prudence, have acquired a farm of five
hundred acres of land, on which they all reside.
The eldest son, Cain, is of lair complexion, and
Abel, the younger, is dark. At the time the home-
stead was acquired, it was understood to be capa-
ble of occupancy by a line east and west, assigning
the largest portion north to Cain, and the South to
Abel, and their descendants; and so they and their
descendants, without actual division, and in har-
mony, by their united wisdom, strength, and per-
severance, not'only improve the original domain,
but extend the boundary west, on the original plan
of occupancy. Actuated by these just incentives,
they add to-the northwest one hundred acres, and
to the southwest another hundred, which are occu-
pied, respectively, on the principle that controlled
them originally. Their numbers increase, and
they grow ill wealth and greatness, hut tlie de-
scendants of each retain the complexions of their
' ancestors. Cain and his descendants, greater in
; numbers, begin to find fault with the complexion ;
I of Abel and his descendants: still another hundred j
I acics is added to the northwest, which extends the '
possessions, wealth, and power of Cain and his i
descendants. The same convenience that, induced '
the last acquisition, makes it necessary to acquire
another hundred acres m the southwest. The '
business is inlisted in. from the same resources I
as in the other acquisitions, advances are made;
and at the moment when the acquisition is about'
to lie consummated, and title acquired, Cam and
his men, notwithstanding its affinity to the pos-
sessions of Abel, and the spirit of conciliation,
compromise, and justice, that had governed nil their
former actions and acquisitions, come forward and
say: " We are for this acquisition, but we ore op-
posed to jig being occupied by any person of dark
complexion; it' Abel and his descendants will
change their complexion, and become fair like us, :
there will be no difficulty; we do not wish to in-
terfere: all we v.-ant is neutrality; but we object to
your complexion, and therefore"to your occupying
any part of this new acquisition."" Does not any '
one see the injustice and selfishness of such con-
duct, and can any one fail to perceive its effects?
In addition to complexion, suppose Cain and ;
his descendants Protestants, and Abel and his de-
scendants Catholics, and, instead of complexion,
objection is made by Cam to the religious tenets '
of Abel; then, instead of the fanaticism about com- -
plexion, it becomes bigotry, on account of religious ,'i
opinions. This is answered by the just senseof all
men in this enlightened age. There is no difference
in the cases, and the Genera! Government has as "
much right to interfere in the one instance as the
other. Let the spirit which creates this prejudice on
account of complexion, or a peculiar institution of ,
one portion ot the people of this republic, prevail, !
and the next step may be to exclude a sect, denom- '[
Ho. of Reps.
ination, or order, from participating in the future
acquisitions of the country.
But, look to the injusiice of the matter. Sup-
pose the slave States had the numerical strength
on this floor, as the fiee States have, and they
should be here insisting that slavery should exist
in all the territory to be acquired, and that none
should be obtained unless it was exclusively slave
territory, what would be the course of gentlemen
from the free States? 1 fearlessly declare for my-
self, before my country and my God, that the mo-
ment that avowal was made, and the principle
fixed in this country, I would withdraw from this
House, and appeal to my constituency and the
country, and they would sustain mc; and I believe
this would be the duty of every Representative
from the free States. If such a course would be
necessary, and justified by the free States, what
less can or should the slave States do? Are they
not American like us?—imbued with the same just,
proud, and honorable incentives?
But the advocates of this proviso say there is no
serious danger from this question; and if serious
consequences arise, let them come. What my
opinion on such speculations may be, is imma-
terial; but whilst a division of the American peo-
ple into clubs, lodges, sects, denominations, and
political parties, may invoke, and can only end in,
clannishness, theological discussions, and fierce de-
1 j bate, yet, when you array one section of the Union
'! by geographical lines against another, then comes
;j the verification of that eternal principle, that "a
1 house divided against itself cannot stand." I know
the American people love their Government, and
they are fully impressed with the spirit of com-
promise which brought it into existence—has so
far conducted it in the career of greatness, and
shed its incalculable blessings upon millions of our
race; and this spirit must be adhered to, or their
I greatness is at an end. And if ever the time
conies, and the question is put to them whether
! this Government shall be separated, or the prin-
! ciple of compromise adhered to, I firmly believe
| there will be found an overwhelming majority on
I the side of the Government, adhering to the prin-
ciples of compromise. Here I firmly plant my-
self; and, with this principle before me, I go for
acquiring from Mexico in the southwest, as I did
for Oregon in the northwest, the greatest amount
of territory that can honorably and justly be at-
tained; and, m its future regulation,'I am willing
to extend the principles of the Missouri compro-
mise. And if thereby slavery shall exist m a
fouith, a thii-d, or a half of such territory, it is but
just, and sanctioned by the conservative principles
! of the Constitution, and the past administration of
] the Government. If the question was presented
! without prejudice, political or sectional considera-
| tions, I believe a large majority of the American
j people would feel as I do. 'There is no other just,
I honorable, or safe ground, in my opinion.
j THE WILMOT PROVISO.
; SPEEC H OF MR. B. R. WOOD,
j OP SEW YORK,
, Is the House of Representatives,
February 10, 1847.
The House being m Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the Three Million Ap-
propriation Bill—
Mr. WOOD said:
If violence of language or action w ere either elo-
quence or argument, E have neither. If there were
no other motive in taking the floor upon this occa-
sion than merely to send a speech to my constitu-
ents, I should not take it. I have rarely sought the
flooi. I have no opinion of what is called "Bun-
combe" speaking, and it is not for the purpose of
making a speech of that kind that I avail myself of
the opportunity I now have of addressing the com-
mittee. I wish to call the attention of the commit-
tee, in the first instance, to the bill reported by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. [Mr. Iygersoix,]
a bill appropriating $3,000,000 for a purpose for
which (if the language used in another part of this
building is any evidence) ail honorable man could
never give his vote. It has been alleged that this
$3,000,000 is for influencing the rulers of Mexico
and the Mexican army. In other words, it ts to
