APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 10,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Wood.
Ho. of Reps.
and we stand by the Constitution. .We are a law-
abiding people; we reverence the jury-box, and the
trial by jury. Lynch law is no part of our law.
We shall never, trample on the Constitution, or
the laws of the land, to oblige any section of the
country. While the Abolitionists are within the
law and the Constitution, neither we nor you can
molest them. Besides, some of us are converts to
the doctrine laid down by a distinguished Virginia
statesman, " that truth is great, and wdl prevail, if
left to herself; and that erroi's cease to be danger-
ous when it is permitted freely to contradict them."
We do not suppose, as with you, that conversions
are to be made at the mouth of the cannon, as was
recently the case when an attempt was made to
turn a Methodist church in the Accomac district,
in Virginia, from a northern to a southern confer-
ence.
Mr. BAYLY. May I interrupt my friend from
New York?
Mr. WOOD. Certainly. Myauthority for the
statement is contained in the Evening Post, and is
copied into that paper from the (Philadelphia)
North American. I give the facts as I find them
in the public prints, and also a notice of a pam-
phlet, published by a Judge Scarborough and a
Mr. Bayly, justifying the outrages.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 will not now reply to the gen-
tleman, but wait until I get the floor.
Mr. WOOD. My eloquent friend from Alabama
[Mr. Dargan] believes that slavery was instituted
by Divine Providence; as if " what we were evil
ill was by a Divine thrusting on," "villains by
necessity." The plea of him who sought his
father's ruin and his brother's life. The gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mi. Sims,] in a bolder
tone, throws over it at once the man lie of Chris-
tianity; though its divme Author declared he came
to preach "deliverance to the captive," "and to
set at liberty them that are bruised," and has
taught us that " all things whatsoever ye would
that men should do to you, do ye even so to
them." Why, sir, the very spirit of Christ, all
he said, all he did, are against negro slavery, and
its inseparable vices and enormities. If Christian-
ity does, indeed, sanction slavery, why not teach
the slave-to read his Bible, that he may have the.
consolations of its precepts to cheer him onward
in his degraded and miserable existence ? To those
who rest on human authority, I commend what
Ginzot has said, as to the tendencies of Christ's
teachings on civil liberty. The honorable member
from Pennsylvania [Mr.C. J. Ingersoli,] hasief'er-
red us to the treaty of J783, ami the grc<it men who
imide it. I could give him an example of one, 1
who filled his ship with slaves, and then called all j
hands to prayer; and yet, subsequently, (if 1 mis- j
take not,) gave his every effort to the Rngii.sh !
reformer, in his crusade against slavery. I might i
g-o to Franklin (President as he was of the first >'
Abolition society) for precepts of philosophy, of j
political and domestic economy; but for precepts j
of Christianity 1 would go to the Word of God !
itself, and I want them not filtered through the i
minds of men as fallible as myself. And yet, in !
connexion with this veiy subject, that Virginia :
statesman, to whom I have already alluded' has Ij
said, " I tremble for my country, when I think of i
a just God, and that his justice will not sleep for-
ever."
When the President's message was under dis-
cussion, I was somewhat amused bv our strict con-
struction abstractionists, m their attempts to find
in the Constitution some express power to estab-
lish a government in California. But for what I
then saw, I might have been surprised at the asser-
tion made by one or more of those opnosed to the
pioviso, that they "planted Uiemsehes on the
Constitution and its outworks." There is cer-
tainly no express provision in the Constitution for
the extension of slavery. Whether there is any
implied power in the outworks, can be best known
by reference to the opinions of those who framed
it. At that time, all the States were, J believe
slaveholding. The opinions of northern members
the convention were, of couise, of just as much
authority as those of southern members; but for
obvious reasons I choose to refer to those of dis-
tinguisned southern men as to what their opinions
oi slavery were, and what power the Constitution
has over it in the States and in the Territories. I
shall read from the debate on limiting the -importa-
tion of slaves, the remarks of Colonel Mason, a
distinguished member of the convention from
Virginia:
<c This infernal traffic originated in the avarice of British
merchants. The British Government constantly checked
the attempts of Virginia to put a stop to it. The present
question concerns not the importing: States alone, but the
whole Union. The evil of having slaves was experienced
during the late war."
" SUvpry discourages the arts and manufactures. The
poor despise labor when pei formed by slaves. They prevent
the emigration of whites, who really enrich and strengthen
a country. They produce the most pernicious effects on
manners" Every master of slaves is born a petty tyrant.
They bring the judgment of Heaven on a country. As na-
tions cannot be rewarded or punished in the next world,
they must in this. Rv an inevitable chain of causes and
effects, Providence punishes national sms by national calam-
ities. He lamented that some of our eastern brcthieu had,
from a hint of gain, embarked in this nefarious traffic. As
tn the States being in possession of the light to import, this
was the case with many other rights now to he given up
He held it essential in every point of view, that the General
Government should have power to j)rcven( the increase of
slavery."
On the same occasion, Mr. Madison said:
He thought it wrong to admit in the Constitution the
idea that theie could be property in men."
Such, sir, were the opinions of Mason and Mad-
ison, the latter of whom had more to do with ori-
ginating and perfecting the Constitution than all the
great men then living or now dead. The opinions
of Mr. Jefferson have already been read to you by
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Biiinkerhoff,] ex-
cepting those contained in the original draft of
the Declaration of Independence, and to which I
would particularly call the attention of gentlemen.
Subsequently, on a debate in the convention of
South Carolina, on the adoption of the Constitu-
tion, General Pinckney, one of that convention,
and also one of the convention that formed the
Constitution, gave his views as to what might be
considered the intention of its framers: !
" On mis subject (said he) your delegate* had to contend !
with the religious and political prejudice of (be eastern and I
middle Stnu-s, a'ld wnh the inteictted and inconsistent !
opinion of Virginia, who wa« wanniv opposed to our impoit- j
i'ig more <)avc. i am of the same opinion now as T was >
twoyeai® ago, that whilu ther^ lemmned one acio of swamp I
land uncleared of South Carolina, T would raise my voice j
against restucting the impoitation of negroes. l*am as I
thoroughly convinced as th.it gentleman is, that the nature
of nm chmatfl"ind the flat vwampv situation of our country
oblige us t  cultivate our land with nrgroes, and that with-
out them South Carolina would soon bo a deceit waste.
" Tr wa-« alleged by home of the members who opposed an
unlimited mipoitation, that slaves lnoieased the weakness
of any State who admitted th.-m ; that thev were a danger-
ous «p.'eie> of pioperty, which an invading ervm\ could
easily turn against oui-clvc~ and the nejghbonnf State*'
and that, as we wmc allowed a representation for" fhem'in
the House of Rentesentitive-^ our influence in the Govern- •
ment would be incioa>ed in propoi tion a^'we weic Ie-.s able I
to defend oursolves. { Show some period.' said the mem- I
bfis fiom the ea-tein Slates,' when it may be m our power I
< to put a - top, if we please, to the importation of this weak- !
c m.*^, and we will endenvor, for jour eonvemcncc, to re- i
'sttain the religious and political prejudices of our people I
4 on this subject ' The middle States and Virginia made us }
no <iich proposition; they weie for an immediate and total !
piohilntion. j
« By this settlement, we have secured an unlimited im- I
imitation of negroes for twenty yeats. Nor is it declared j
that the nnpotfatiou shall he then «topn"d; it ma'- be con- !
turned. We have a security that the Geneu'l Government |
can never emancipate thorn : for no -uch authority is grant- I
ed. We hav* obtained a right to recover our slaves in !|
whatever part of America they may take refuge, which is a •'
j nghr wo had not before. In shoit, considenng all eireum-
; '-fauces, we have made the best terms for the ^ecuntv of j1
this speen.s of piop°ity it wa< in our power to mfdee. We j
would have made better if we could ; but, on the whole, I h
do not think them bad." ji
Whit " better terms" could he have made, if1!
there was already the right to extend slavery over i;
a country now free ? I challenge the gentleman to j;
show a single opinion of the framers of the Con- i
stitiuion sustaining the position they have assumed. j|
They (the framers of the Constitution) merely ij
tolerated existing slavery; they never dreamed of !'
its perpetuity, much less its extension. All ofij
(hem, except those from South Carolina, and per- ij
haps Georgia, were looking forward to its speedy
extinction. The ordinance of '87, forever restrict- ij
ing slavery from every foot of territory then be- ji
longing to the States and consecrating it to free- >!
donu and the making: of the Constitution, wei'e [
simultaneous acts. The ordinance passed in July !'
of that year, and the Constitution, then under dis- 'j
cussion, was completed in September following, ij
The first Congress under the Constitution, by one jj
of its acts, ratified that ordinance; and, if 1 mistake ;;
not, Virginia on that occasion, voted unanimously i1
in its favor. * '!
I agree with the gentleman from South Carolina
that the Constitution has gone piece by piece; and,
if I mistake not, he had a hand in its mutilation.
He and his friends tore off a large piece.
Mr. RHF/TT. Does the gentleman from New
York mean me ? I have no recollection of having
made the expression.
Mr. WOOD. I do mean him. I may be mis-
taken as to the individual, but the remark, or a
similar one, has been made on this floor. A piece
of it went when Louisiana was annexed; and so
thought he who had most to do with it. The
necessities of the case might seem to justify that
act. Another piece, and a large one, went when
Texas was annexed. Is there no power in the
i Constitution to admit new States ? says one. Cer-
j ttiinly; from our own territory. There is a letter
| extant of Mr. Madison's, if I mistake not, showing
; that that power in the Constitution was given with
| direct reference to the admission of States from our
I own territory, and particularly Vermont, Tennes-
see, and a new contemplated State to be called
Franklin, and to be taken from the western part of
Pennsylvania.
In this rending of the Constitution \v6 have had
no hand. New York will sustain all there is left.
As long as there is a single shred remaining she
will cling to it. We shall never threaten its de-
struction, because we cannot accomplish an un-
constitutional act, or the carrying of slavery where
it does not now exist. The threats of some gen-
tlemen here remind me very much of over-indulged
and spoiled children, who, when subjected for the
first time to salutary restraint, in their pettishness,
threaten destruction to the very homestead.
Mr. BIGGS. Does the gentleman from New
York deny to the South the right to her slaves, un-
der the Constitution, as property >
Mr. WOOD. I have made no such denial. I
! will give to the South all the Constitution gives
i her, and we will suffer no infringement of her
| rights. I thank the gentleman for the interruption,
j I am reminded of a recent law of Massachusetts,
I interfering, as it is said, with the rights of the
1 South. If I correctly understand that law, it is,
| that the arresting of slaves fleeing from service or
labor, shall not be done (without incurring a pen-
alty) by the officers of the State, but by the officers
of the General Government. Now, this is purely
a legal question, and to be decided by the Supreme
Court, not by this House. I refer the gentleman
to the opinion of the Chief Justice, in a case in the
• 16th of Peters, "Priggs vs. the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania," in which he comments upon the
law of 1793, and the right of State Legislatures
to prohibit their officers from interfering in this
matter.
The South obtained the whole of Texas, and
by whaC means I have already said. She now
claims whatever of Mexico shall be acquired by
this war. After clutching the whole of Texas, and
involving us in war, she now talks of the fairness
of dividing these Mexican conquests. She should
have thought of this before. It is too iate now.
Come what may, so far as I am concerned, sla-
very shall go no farther; and the threat that you
will dissolve the Union unless permitted to extend
slavery over these newly acquired territories, and
where it does not now exist, is as empty as the
idle wind. That slavery will'be extended over
any, or all territory hereafter to be acquired, un-
less this proviso obtains, is just as certain as that
you have the territory. J know it has been assert-
ed by some, who have taken apart in this debate,
that, from the nature of the soil and climate, sla-
very cannot exist there. Now, if this be so, why
oppose the adoption of this proviso ? We know
better; slavery can exist there. Even the Cuman-
ehe Indians have slaves. Slavery exists even amid
the colds of Russia, It will go wherever man, in
his cupidity and lust of power, can carry it, and
remain just as long as if is profitable.
But why do you want the north of Mexico?
For the same reason you wanted the whole of
Texas. Your slave population press upon you,
and you are compelled, from the very nature of
the institution, to extend yourselves. In other
countries—in the free States—a dense population
is wealth, power, and strength; and hence desired.
With you, it is the reverse. And where is this to
stop?—for stop it must some day, from the mere
want of territory, if from no other cause. Did
