350
.APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 9,
29th Cong..;..2d Sess.
The Pilot Laws-—Mr. Dir.
Senate.
■what was the existing system in relation to pilot-
age before Congress had any authority to legislate
on the subject. Before the adoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States, each State regulated
its own pilots. It prescribed the mode of their ap-
pointment, their duties, and their liabilities. The
State of New York, as early as 1694, passed a law
providing for their appointment by the Governor
and Council, and prohibited ajj other persons from
piloting any vessel into or out of the port of New
York, under a pecuniary penalty. From that time
to the adoption of the Constitution, the State legis-
lated exclusively on the subject. The regulation
of pilotage within its own jurisdiction was a State
right. The Articles of Confederation found and
left it so. The Constitution of the United States
gives to Congress the power " to regulate com-
merce with foreign nations and among the several
States, and with the Indian tribes." Under this
delegation of authority, Congress assumed to legis-
late on the subject of pilotage. I do not stop to
inquire now whether this power is fairly incidental
to the express authority given to it to regulate
commerce. But I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact, that while asserting inci-
dentally its right, it left the whole subject where
it founii it. For all practical purposes, it left the
right as it was before the adoption of the Consti-
tution—a State right. It recognised and confirmed
the legislation of the States existing at the time, in
respect.to pilotage, thus pronouncing it to be a fit
subject for State regulation. The act of Congress
referred to was passed on the 7th August, 1789—
(chap. 9, Laws of that year;) and the provision
relating to the subject is us follows:
" Sec. 4. That all pilots in the bays, inlets, river?, har-
b-irs, and port's of tin' United States, shall continue to be
regulated in conformity witil the existing laws of the States,
respectively, wherein such pilots may he, or with such laws
as the States may, respectively, hereafter enact for the pur-
pose, until further legislative provision shall be made by
Congress."
By this act, it will be perceived that the laws of
the States in relation to pilotage were recognised
by Congress at its first session "after the Constitu-
tion was adopted; and that by referring to the fu-
ture as well as the existing legislation of the States,
it designed to place the whole subject prospectively
under State regulation. Congress undoubtedly
saw that this was one of those cases in which each
State would be best capable of judging for itself
what regulations the sui>jcct would require within
its own limits, and that in providing for its own
interest, that of the public would be most likely to
be secured. From 1789 to 1837 this was the es-
tablished system in respect to the regulation of all
that relates to pilotage. Though the section I have
read contemplated the possibility of future legisla-
tion by Congress, no further act was passed during
a period of forty-eight years. I have not been able
to find any other act referring to pilots in any man-
ner, except the act of 1792, establishing a uniform
militia, by which they weie exempted from militia
duty.
In the year 1S37, two disastrous shipwrecks oc-
curred on Long Island; and in the excitement of
the moment, the pilots of New York were rewarded
as responsible for them. The clamor railed in
New York extended to this city; and on the day
preceding the close of the session of Congress,
(2d March, 1837,) an act was pfissed (chap' 789,
Laws of 1837) providing, " that it shall and may
' be lawful for the master or commander of any
' vessel coming into or going out of any port situ-
1 ate upon waters which aie the boundary between
' two States, to employ any pilot duly licensed or
' authorized by the laws of either of the States
' bounded on the said waters, to pilot said vessel
£ to or from said port, any law, usage, or custom
' to the contrary notwithstanding." '
The object of this act was to open the pilotage
for the city of New York to competition between
the pilots of the States of New York and New Jer- I,
sey, from the idea, which prevailed, that the pilot jj
system of New York had grown into a monopoly, ji
and that the shipwiecks I have icferred to were a
consequence of it. I believe I may safely say that
subsequent examinations before the judicial tribu- 1
nals of New Yoik resulted in an exoneration of
the New York pilots from all censure in^flspectto I'
those disasters. All the testimony I have seen ,
confnms this statement. It was clearly shown i
that the loss of the two vessels, the Bristol and the ■<
Mexico, was not occasioned by their negligence
or unskilfulness. Thus the New York pilots not
only suffered for a time, in the public estimation,
on account of calamities for which they were in no
manner responsible, but they have, since 1837,
been suffering from an act of Congress passed
under a misapprehension of the facts, and under
the influence of an unjust judgment in respect to
them.
The excitement against the New York pilots was
undoubtedly aggravated by a prejudice against
them, arising from the fact that under the laws
existing at the time the shipwrecks referred to
occurred, agreements had been formed among
them for an apportionment of the duty of pilotage :
and a division of their profits, in such a manner |
as to destroy competition, and that it had led to a
dangerous relaxation of vigilance in looking out
for vessels and boarding them. There is no doubt
that there was some ground for this complaint.
But the defects of the preexisting laws were rem-
edied by an act passed by the Legislature of New
York on the 12th of April, 1837. A board of
commissioners was appointed to license pilots;
their number was increased; they were subjected
to rigid regulations in respect to training and
licensing; the exclusive features of the old system
were abandoned, and the freest competition be-
tween individuals was introduced by regulations,
which effectually precluded combination. Under
these new provisions it may be confidently asserted
tharold defects would have been cured, and all the
benefits to be anticipated from th.e most judicious
system of regulations would have been secured, if
they had been left to operate without any conflict-
ing or contravening legislation by Congress.
The New York pilots, in skill, experience, en-
terprise, and fidelity, are not surpassed by any
similar body of men in any country. They have
been trained to their business, they have invested
most of their property in it, they are the owners
of their own boats, which are equal to any craft
in the world, and which are worth in the aggre-
gate about a hundred thousand dollars. The effect
of the act of Congress was to introduce the New
Jersey pilots into competition with them, under
great disadvantage to the latter. This disadvantage
to the New York pilots was so apparent that the
Legislature, in 1845, deemed it an act of justice to
repeal the State law of 1837, in order to place them
on a fail-footing with the pilots of NcwJersey. The
whole subject of pilotage in the State of New York
has, by this repeal, become uncontrolled by legal
regulation, excepting so fir as the laws of New
Jersey may have been extended by the act of Con-
gress of 1837 to the waters within the jurisdiction
of New York. To this condition the Legislature j
considered itself forced by the operation of the act
of Congress on a most meritorious and valuable
class of its citizens.
Under these circumstances, we ask that the act
of Congress may be repealed, in older that the
State may be left to regulate pilotage for its own
ports for itself. We ask it, because we believe the
interposition of Congress to have been wholly un-
necessary, and because it was founded upon a mis-
apprehension of the facts. At the very time the
act was passed the Legislature of New" York had
been nearly two months engaged in the investiga-
tion of this subject before committees, and on the
floor of the two'Houses. No actof equal interest
ever received a more careful examination; and I have
no hesitation in saying, that all the benefits derived
from the freer competition which lias existed in
the business of pilotage in New York since 1837,
would have been secured under the laws of the
State, if Congress had not interposed.
But the act of Congress is obnoxious to still j
weightier objections. It has brought States into j
conflict—New York with New Jersey, Maryland I
with Virginia, and Louisiana with Mississippi. •
Two of these States (New York and Maryland)
by legislative resolutions, asked for the re-
have
peal of the act. Litigation between individuals
in different States, for the assertion of supposed j
rights under the act, has grown up, and classes
have been mrayed against each other, not only in j
the courts, but as suitors to Congress for relief !
from grievances caused by its own legislation, or i
for protection in the enjoyment of privileges ac-
quired under it.
For these reasons, and for the further one, that
the act of Congress is unjust in its operation upon
a meritorious and valuable class of citizens, who
should be left to the regulation of our own laws,
we ask for its repeal. Should the, application pre-
vail, the State of New York will probably place
the subject under such regulations as the mercan-
tile interest of the city of New York, and the com-
mercial wants of the country, require; and the
whole subject will be left where it was before the
Constitution of the United States was framed, and
where it remained for half a century afterwards,
under the control of each State within its own
jurisdiction. I ought to add, that the first effect of
the repeal of the act of Congress will be to leave
the business of pilotage wholly open to competition;
a condition which a portion of the commercial
community deem preferable to any system of regu-
lation.
Having given this brief historv of the pilot laws
of New York, and stated the present condition of
the pilot system there, I proceed to some consider-
ations of a graver character.
As we have seen, the only act of Congress passed
for nearly half a.century after the adoption of the
Constitution, was to declare that the subject of
pilotage should be, where it had been from time
immemorial, under State regulation. It is true, the
act provided it should remain so until further pro-
vision should he made by Congress, thus asserting
incidentally the power of Congress to regulate it.
The first question which arises is, whether this
assumption can be maintained ? Does the Consti-
tution, under the authority given to Congress to
regulate commerce, confer on it the power of ap-
pointing pilots, prescribing theirduties, and assign-
ing the. limits within which those duties shall be
performed ? Is the assumption of such a power in
accordance with the rules of strict construction,
which some of us deem essential to the mainte-
nance of the rights of the States, and the restriction
of the powers of the General Government to their
constitutional boundaries? Sir, I do not propose
to discuss this question, for the reason, that if the
affirmative were to be made out, it would not fol-
low that the act of Congress, of March 2, 1837,
was in accordance with the provisions of the Con-
stitution. Congress has not, by that act, exercised
the power of appointing pilots. It has granted no
commission, under its own authority, to perform
the duties of pilots. But it has assumed to autho-
rize pilots appointed by the State of New Jersey to
exercise their functions within the jurisdiction of
the State of New York. Prom this exercise of
power we dissent, wholly and emphatically. We
deny that Congress can with propriety, under the
power to regulate commerce, authorize officers ap-
pointed by one State to come within the jurisdiction
of another and perform their appropriate duties.
In providing for executing the laws of the Union,
and enforcing the authority of the federal courts,
Congress has authorized the appointment of mar-
shals, and given them the same powers, in execu-
ting the laws of the United States, as sheriffs and
their deputies in the several States have by law in
executing the laws of the respective States. But
would it be tolerated for a moment, that Congress
should authorize a sheriff of Georgia, for instance,
to come within the jurisdiction of the State of
South Carolina and execute precepts issued under
the authority of the United States—an officer
neither appointed or commissioned by the Federal
Government, nor by the State within which his
official acts were to be performed r Certainly this
would be a great abuse of power, if not a positive
usurpation. The authority given to pilots licensed
by New Jersey to pilot vessels into New York,
through waters wholly within the jurisdiction of
, the latter, is equally offensive. It is authorizing
I the officers of one State to exercise their functions
j within the, territorial confines of another It is
| stripping the State of New York of a portion of
| her sovereignty, and conferring it on the State of
New_ Jersey. It is one of those encroachments on
the rights of the States which, from small and al-
most imperceptible beginnings, grow into gigantic
assumptions of authority, and lead to the most
dangerous abuses.
Independently of these constitutional objections,
there are practical inconveniences in the existing'
system, which are of themselves sufficient to cor°
demn it. The New Jersey pilot, who is faithless
to his trust in New York, violates no law of New
