1847.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of Reps.
York. It is true, our Slate laws are repealed; but
from 1837 to 1845 they were in operation, and the
New Jersey pilot was in no manner amenable to
them. He violates no law of the United States:
they have prescribed no regulations for his govern-
ment: they have merely authorized him to exercise
his functions beyond the limits of the State from
which he derives his authority. He is amenable
only to the laws of New Jersey. By the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States, " suits
* for pilotage on the high seas and on waters navi-
4 gable from the sea, as far as the tide ebbs and
«flows, are within the admiralty and maritime ju-
* risdiction of the United States." The act of Con-
gress, of 1789, virtually adopted the Slate laws in
respect to pilotage; but this recognition or adoption
of the laws of the States was not construed to oust
the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States
in cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction. A
concurrent jurisdiction was left in the State courts.
Thus a New Jersey pilot, commissioned or licensed
under the laws of that State, and giving bonds un-
der those laws for a faithful performance of his
duties, must either be pursued into a foreign juris-
diction for the purpose of holding him answerable
for acts or delinquencies committed beyond and out
of it, or be prosecuted in the courts of the United j
States. The courts of the State of New York !
have no jurisdiction in such cases; and the State is !
therefore divested of all control over the subject of !
pilotage in the chief commercial port of the whole '
Union, the waters leading to which are almost!
wholly within its own boundaries,so far as theNew j
Jersey pilots participate in the business of piloting, j
But there are other objections of a graver charac- !
ter. The Constitution provides that no preference j
shall be given, by any regulation of commerce, to
the ports of one State over those of another. We
insist that such a preference is given by the act of
Congress. Massachusetts is left to the exclusive
regulation of pilotage for the ports of Boston,
Salem, Marblehead, New Bedford, &c.; South
Carolina for Charleston; and so of other States.
On the other hand, the State of New York is di-
vested, by the act of Congress, of the exclusive
regulation of pilotage for the city of New York.
The business of pilotage for* that port is subject to
the concurrent regulation of the laws of New York
and New Jersey. New York and Boston, by this
act, stand upon a totally different footing. In the
one case the regulation of pilotage is exclusive in
a single State; in the other, it is concurrent in two
States. "We insist that a decided preference is
given to Boston. We insist that Congress might, I
with equal propriety, provide that all the ports j
north of a.certain parallel of latitude should be j
open to the pilots of the adjoining States, as to i
provide that a port situate on waters which are the
common boundary between two States, should be
open to the pilots'of both. The pycfcrcnce is just
as palpable in one case as in the other. I speak,
of the absolute right of Congress. If we look at
the reason of the thing, and the operation of the
act of Congress, we shall find as little justification
for it. New Jersey and New York are apparently
put on the same footing. The New Jersey pilots j
may pilot vessels into the ports of New "V ork, and j
the New York pilots may pilot vessels into the j
ports of New Jersey; but practically the advantage '
is all on one side. New Jersey has no foreign |
commerce. Her trade is all carried on in coasting
vessels; and these are not, by her own laws, re-
quired to employ pilots at all, unless they exceed j
one hundred tons burden. No New York pilot;
ever takes a vessel to New-Jersey. On the other i
hand, the commerce of New York is chiefly carried j
on in vessels of a tonnage requiring pilots; and the ;
New Jersey pilots participate largely in the busi- ;
ness of piloting. New Jersey has no leal interest
in maintaining the act of Congress: New York, on ,
the other hand, has a direct interest \j\ its repeal, j
It concerns herself alone. The act of Congress, ;
though general in its terms, is, from the nature of 1
the circumstances, partial in its operation, and
gives a decided preference to one State over an-
other in regard to their respective ports.
But, independently of all the objections referred
to, we have a right to demand that if Congress
legislated on this subject, it should have legislated
directly and efficiently. It should have provided
for the appointment of pilots in all the States in the
Union, prescribed their qualifications, their duties,
their liabilities, and made effectual provision bylaw
for enforcing the performance of their functions,
and securing adequate remedies for faithlessness
and incompetence. We complain that instead of
executing this authority, Congress has delegated
it to others, and in such a manner as virtually to
give effect to the laws of one State within the ter-
ritorial boundaries of another. To any such dele-
gation of authority we never can yield our assent.
I do not wish to be understood as admitting the
right of Congress to make such provision for the
appointment of pilots throughout the Union. But
I wish to say, that if it can legislate on the subject
at all, it is its duty to legislate directly, and for all
the States, without making an unjust and invidious
distinction between them.
There is another consideration—the only other
I shall present to the Senate—in favor of the re-
peal of this law. Whether it is unauthorized by
the Constitution or not, the experience of nine
years has shown that it is, at least, in the highest
degree impolitic. It has brought the authority of
the General Government into conflict with that of
the States; it has led to collisions between dif-
ferent States; and has produced litigation and
unkindness of feeling among different classes of
citizens. No act of federal legislation which leads
to such consequences, can be justifiable, unless it
is demanded by some imperious exigency. The
legislation of the Central Government should be
liberal and forbearing, and designed only to effect
objects of indispensable necessity. When it de-
parts from this fundamental principle, and en-
croaches on rights or even on privileges long exer-
ciscd, it becomes alien to the parental character
which every government should possess, and
without whiqh it cannot command the approbation
of those who are subject to its jurisdiction. I
repeat, then, we ask for the repeal of rhis act,
because it is of questionable constitutionality;
because it was procured by misrepresentation;
because it is unnecessary; because it is unjust to
a meritorious class of citizens; because it has led
to collision and litigation; and'because it encroach-
es, if not on positive rights, on privileges long
enjoyed, and which theie is no cause for alien-
ating.
I have discussed this question almost exclusive-
ly on legal grounds; and I trust the Senate will
sec in what I have said, sufficient cause for the
repeal of the act of Congress, of which the Legis-
latures of New York and Maryland have, by their
resolutions, complained. I have purposely ab-
stained from all reference to difficulties of a local
character between different classes of the citizens
of New York, which have grown out of this un
necessary, and, as I believe, this unauthorized,
act of legislation. I shall not enter into an exam-
ination of those difficulties, unless compelled to do
so; but I rest the application for the repeal of the
act on the legal and constitutional grounds I have
stated, and leave the question in the hands of the
Senate.
THE MEXICAN WAR-
speech of mrTa. h. stephens,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 12, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under con-
sideration the bill appropriating three millions
of dollars to enable the President to conclude a
treaty of peace with Mexico, (Mr. Noams, of
New Hampshire, m the chair) —
Mr. STEPHENS said:
Mr. Chairman: It is useless to attempt to dis-
guise the fact, or to affect to be blind to the truth,
that this country is now surrounded by difficulties
of no ordinary magnitude, and fast approaching
others which threaten to be far greater and more
perilous than any which have ever been encoun-
tered since the foundation of the Government.
It is true, the declaration was made the other
day, by a distinguished Senator, [Mr. Cass,] in
i his place, that he saw no dangers about, he espied
! nothing in the prospect to cause alarm or appre-
| hension, and that, in his opinion, " the sentinel
I upon the watchtower might sing upon his post!"
Sir, whether this sentiment was expressed by
authority, and is to be taken as the exponent of
the feelings of those who are now wielding so reck-
lessly the destinies of the nation, I know not; but
to me it seems somewhat kindred to, if not the
legitimate offspring of, that spirit which prompted
Nero to indulge in music and dancing when Rome
was in flames!
It strikes me, that if the question was put to the
faithful and vigilant watchman at this time, "What
of the night?" he would be far from answering,
| that it is a fit time for revelry and song. He would
say, it is a night of storms and tempests—of
gloomy and appalling darkness, with no light to
cheer the heart, and no star to guide a hope; nay,
more, he would say, it is a night in which many
of the public sentinels have abandoned their posts—
that they have failed to sound the alarm, and that
the enemy has not only entered the city, but has
seized the citadel of liberty, and is fast battering
down the Constitution itself.
The country, which one year ago was quiet and
prosperous, at peace with the world, and smiling
under the profusion of Heaven's bountiful muni-
ficence, by the sole and unauthorized act of the
President, has been plunged into an unnecessary
and expensive war, the end and fearful conse-
quences of which no man can foresee. And to
suppress inquiry, ond silence all opposition to
conduct so monstrous, an Executive ukase has
been sent forth, strongly intimating, if not clearly
threatening, the chargc of treason against all who
may dare to call in question the wisdom or pro-
priety of his measures. Not only was Congress,
which possesses exclusively the war-making pow-
er, never consulted upon the subject until after
hostilities were commenced, but the right is even
now denied that body to make any legislative ex-
pression of the national will as to the aims and
objects for which the war should be prosecuted.
The new and strange doctrine is now put forth,
that Congress has nothing to do with the conduct
of war; that the Piesident is entitled to its uncon-
trolled management; that we can do nothing but
vote men and money, to whatever amount and
extent his folly and caprice may dictate. Neigh-
boring states may be subjugated, extensive terri-
tories annexed, provincial governments erected,
| the rights of conscience violated, and the oath of
allegiance, at the point of the bayonet, may be ad-
ministered to a mixed" population, embracing all
varieties of races, languages, and color, and the
representatives of the people are to say nothing
against these extraordinary outrages against the
first principles of their Government, or render
themselves obnoxious to the imputation of giving
" aid and comfoit to the enemy." This is nothing
less than the assumption of the principle that pa-
triotism consists in pliant subserviency to Execu-
tive will—that the President is supreme, and the
" King can do no wrong."
Sir, this doctrine might suit the despotisms of
Europe, where the subjects of a Crown know no
duty but to obey, and have no rights but to sub-
mit to royal dictation. But it is to be seen whether
the free people of this country have so soon for-
gotten the principles of their ancestots as to be so
easily awed by the arrogance of power. It is to
be seen whether they have so far lost the spirit of
their sires as tamely, quietly, and silently to per-
mit themselves to be treated as the humble vassals
of such a self-constituted lordlmg.
Insolence, when indulged, not unfrequently over-
does itself by its own extravagance. Like ambi-
tion, it often " overleaps" its aims. And my
confidence m the character, integrity, and patriot-
ism of the American people warrants me in ven-
turing the assertion, that this will be the fate of
this most unscrupulous attempt to abridge the free
exercise of those rights which " are dear to free-
men, and formidable to tyrants only." For a very
little further interference with the freedom of dis-
cussion, Charles X., of France, lost his throne;
and, for a little greater stretch of royal pieroga-
tive, Charles I., of England, lost his head. By
reflecting upon these examples of the past, our
Executive, without entertaining any fears or ap-
prehensions of experiencing a fate exactly similar
j to either, may yet leain some piofitable lessons—
! lessons that will teach him that there are some
' things more to be dreaded than the loss of a throne,
! or even the loss of a head—amongst which may be
