352
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 12,
29th Cong.."...2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of Reps.
named the anathema of a nation's curse, and the
infamy that usually follows it.
Moralists tell us that nations as well as individ-
uals'are sometimes punished for their follies arid
crimes. It may be that there is in store for us
some terrible retribution for the fraud, and decep-
tion, and gross iniquity practised upon the people
of this country in the .election of this man to office.
But if, in the inscrutable ways of Providence, he,
who has been thus fraudulently elevated to power,
should be the ill-fated instrument of our chastise-
ment, the punishment may be just, but he will
take no honor in its execution. If the resiflt of
his mischievous counsels should, in any way, prove
disastrous to our institutions—the stability, har-
mony, and permanency of the Government—which
there is now abundant cause seriously to appre-
hend, he will certainly have no place in the grate-
ful remembrance of mankind. Fame he will have;
but it will be of the character of that which per-
petuates the name of Erostratus. And the more
deeply blackened than even his, as the stately
structure of this Government, the temple of our
liberties, is grander and more majestic than the
far-famed magnificence of the Ephesian dome.
The crisis, sir, requires not only firmness of prin-
ciple, but boldness of speech. As the immortal
Tully said, in the days of Catiline, when Rome
was threatened with the most imminent dangers,"
' the time has come when the opinion of men should
not be uttered by their voir-es only, but " inscrip-
turn sit in fronte unites cttjusque quid tie respubliea
sentit"—it should even be written upon the forehead
of each one what he, thinks of the republic—there
should be no concealment. In what I have to say,
therefore, I shall use that character of speech which
I think befitting the time and occasion.
The absorbing topic, both in this House and
the country, is tlie war with Mexico. This is the
subject which, above all others, demands our con-
sideration. To this the bill upon your table re-
lates. And upon it I propose to submit some
views as briefly as possible. I do not, at this time,
intend to discuss the causes of the war, or to re-
count the blunders and folly of the President, con-
nected with its origin. This I have done upon a
former occasion; and all the facts, I believe, are
now well understood by the country. The Presi-
dent may repeat,as often as he pleases, that it was
" unavoidably forced upon us." But such a repe-
tition can never change tli'e fact. It is a war of
his own making, and in violation of the Constitu-
tion of the country. And so history, I doubt not,
will make up the record, if truth he fairly and faith-
fully registered in her chronicles.
But, sir, the war exists, and however improper-
ly, unwisely, or wickedly, it was commenced, it
must be brought to a termination, a speedy and
successful termination. By the ur.skilfulness or
faithlessness of our pilot, we have been run upon
the breakeis; and the only practical inquiry now
is, how we can be extricated in the shot test time,
and with the greatest safely' This is the grave
question which now engages public attention, and
which, as patriots and statesmen, we ought to de-
cide. And, in my opinion, this great question, re-
lating as it does to the interest, the honor, and per-
manent welfare of the country, necessarily involves j
another of no small import and importance, and I
that is, for what objects should the war be waged > j
Before the ways and means can be devised^ for '
bringing it, to an honorable conclusion, there must
be some agreement as to the ultimate ends and
purposes for which if should be prosecuted. This
should be first settled. No system should be adopt-
ed until there is a distinct understanding upon this j
great and essential point. All wais, to be just, i
must have some distinct and legitimate objects to '
be accomplished—some rights to be defended and |
secured, or some wrongs to be redressed. And one i
of the strangest and most singular circumstances ;
attending this war is, that though it has lasted up- !
wards of eight months, at a cost of many millions |
of dollars, and the sacrifice of many valuable lives, 1
both in battle and by the diseases of the camp, no j
man can tell for what object it is prosecuted. And I;
it is to be doubted whether any man, save the Pres- |
ident and his Cabinet, knows the real and secret
designs that provoked its existence. Upon these
points, up to this time, as was remarked the other
day by a distinguished Senator in the other end of
the Capitol, [Mr. Calhoun,] we are left £t only to
inference." This, sir, is a strange spectacle, but
is nevertheless true. And I submit it to this House
and this country, whether it shall be permitted
longer to exist ? W hen the people are called on to
spend their treasure and blood, should they not
know the reason of the call and the ends proposed
to be attained ? In 1812, before a resort to arms
was had against Great Britain, the subject was
maturely considered for weeks and for months, and
a public manifesto of our wrongs was given to the
world in justification of the righteousness of our
cause. The grievances and oppressions that led to
the war of the Revolution, were imbodied and set
forth in the Declaration of Independence, which
will remain forever, not only an unanswerable vin*
dication of the course of our fathers, but an endu-
ring monument of the wisdom and patriotism of
the age in which they lived.
But, sir, where now is your declaration or man-
ifesto? Itis true that the President, in his last an-
nual message, gave us a long list of Mexican
aggressions upon the commerce and trade of our
citizens, running back to a date anterior even to
that of the existence of that nation as a separate
and independent political body. But this was done,
everybody knows, more in an attempt to justify
himself for a violation of law, than to take the con-
sultation or advice of Congress. For he knew,
though he failed so to say, that these spoliations,
however wrongful, had been duly acknowledged,
and had been settled by treaty. The amende hon-
orable had been made, so far as national honor was
concerned. They had been merged in a debt by
_ acknowledgment, and payment had been promised.
"It is certainly now too late to go beyond our own
treaty, solemnly ratified, to find causes to justify
the present quarrel. It is useless to tell the coun-
tiy now what General Jackson and others said in
1H3G, '38, and '39, and the recommendation of war
then made; for everybody knows that since that
time these differences have been adjusted by nego-
tiation.
It is true Mexico failed to pay the instalments
as they became due,'according to the terms of the
stipulations of 1843, and 1 admit that this would
have been a proper subject for the President to
have submitted to the consideration of Congress,
if he had chosen for them to have taken such a
course as they might have thought most advisa'ble.
But, I am far from saying, and I take this occasion
to assert it, that if he had so done, that I should
have been for declaring war on that account. The
I amount was but about two millions and a half.
And, it is admitted on all hands, that thetailure to
pay arose solely from inability. Mexico had done
all in her power to meet her engagements. She
had even resorted to the extreme expedient of
forced loans to raise the money. Sir, I am no
advocate of that relic of barbarism which justified
vengeance against the persons of those who, by
misfortune or otherwise, were unable to meet then-
obligations. The spirit of this age has tended
greatly and wisely to relax the ligor of the laws,
so tar as debtor and creditor is concerned. It may
now be a man's misfortune not to be able to meet
the conditions of his bond, but it is no longer a
enme. And I see no reason why the same prin-
ciple should not be applied to nations as well as
individuals. Certainly we have too many illus-
trious examples amongst ourselves, not only of
default, but open repudiation, to be foremost in
establishing this principle of coercion. How
many of the States of this Union set the example
which Mexico but too closely followed? If arms
are to be resorted to to compel the payment of
debts, what would become of Pennsylvania, Illi-
nois, Michigan, Mississippi, Indiana, and Arkan-
sas, to say nothing of Texas ? Arkansas owes you,
sir, half a million of dollars herself. The Smith-
sonian fund, which was received by this Govern-
ment, was, to that amount, vested in her bonds,
and we are bound for it. This is one-fifth of what
Mexico owes. Yet Arkansas is unable to pay
even the interest. But who here would rise and
recommend war against her because of her ina-
bility .' I mention these States from no feelings of
unkindness to them. Some of them, which for a
time suspended, have already commenced pay-
ment. They all would doubtless pay if they could, j
And I can but believe that the day will come when
this stain, if gentlemen will have it so, will be at- ||
tached to no State in the Union. But, sir, I should !j
[ not have been in favor of presenting to the world
! the shameless spectacle of going to war to make
: other people comply with their engagement, when
j we have so many instances of default amongst
i ourselves. Again, sir, it would have come, I
j fancy, with a very bad grace from this Adminis-
■ tration to recommend war against Mexico for the
collection of a stipulated indemnity for her spolia-
tions on the commerce of one class of our citi-
zens, so long as the French affair remains unad-
justed. If our honor, which gentlemen now seera
to regard so tenderly, is involved in this matter,
i why have they slept so long over the wrongs of
I France, committed near half a century ago ? That
j spoliations, to the amount of at least five millions,
, were made by that government against the prop-
' erty of citizens of this, no one denies. It is be-
lieved by some that these claims were assumed by
this Government. If so, why have they not been
! paid ? Why did the President, who would make
i us believe that he looks so anxiously after such
i matters, veto the bill which passed at the last ses-
I sion to render that justice which had been so long
j deferred? Was it upon the grounds that this
j Government had never assumed the debt? Well,
i then, why should we not now compel France to
i render the proper indemnity? Is she less obnox-
! ious to the.charge of offering an insult to our flag
j than Mexico ? And where is the justification, the
j consistency, or honor, of the policy that would re-
I sort to war to compel the payment of two millions
I and a half from a weak people, unable to pay,
when five millions have been suffered to remain
! unadjusted so long by a nation abundantly able,
I and who would be " a foe worthy onr steel
| But I intended, however, upon this point, barely
I to say, that if this subject of claims against Mexico
| had been submitted to Congress by the President,
' with a recommendation of war for their enforce-
: ment, I should have voted against it. But, sir, this
House knows, and the world knows, that these
claims were not the cause of this war. And, though
they must be looked tu and provided for in the
settlement of the piesent controversy, yet this re-
sults rather as a necessary incident of the war,
than from their, being in any way one of its pri-
mary objects.
And I again propound the question, for what
object or objects ought the war to be prosecuted ?
This is the returning, the important, and the lead-
ing question. It overrides all others; and upon its
determination my position depends. If the end
aimed at be the settlement of the matters of differ-
ence between the two countries honorably, 1 am
for as " vigorous a prosecution of the war" for
these objects as any one ought to be. And what-
! ever may be necessary to sustain the honor of the
country, so long as the conflict lasts, shall not be
withheld by my vote. But if it is to be a war of
aggression and conquest I am opposed to it, utterly
and unconditionally. And it was to test the sense
of the House upon this subject I submitted some
resolutions a few days ago, which are in the recol-
lection of all.* Those resolutions have been as-
sailed and denounced with a spirit, in my opinion,
displaying more of partisan zeal than due deliber-
ation for the best interest of the country. It is not
my object now to enter at large into their explana-
tion or defence. I will barely say, that they had
no reference to the conduct of the war. They in-
volved neither the disgrace of retreat, nor the com-
mittal of any one upon the question, of whether
defensive or offensive operations would be the bet-
ter policy. Whether a line of military post's should
n!?W ')e e?ta'3hshed and defended, until our enemy
shall get in a humor to treat; or whether the most
desolating invasion should be pushed forward, as
one gentleman has argued—
"Even until
1 he «ate« of mercy shall he all shut up,
And the fleshed soldier, roui?h, and hard of heart,
In liberty of bloody hand shall ranjre,
With conscience widi: as hell, mowing, like giass,
I heir fresh, fair viigms and blooming youth."
[Here Mr. Tibeatts rose and said, he supposed
the gentleman referred to him; hut lie did not mean
by the quotation he used to indicate the spirit with
which the war should be prosecuted.]
Mr. STEPHENS continued. Sir, I am glad to
hear the disclaimer. I understood the gendeman
so to argue. And without expressing any opinion
* See Congressional Globe, page 240.
