354
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 12,
29th Cong 2d St
rSS.
The Mexican War—Mr. Milton Brown.
Ho. of Reps.
■vhich no wisdom can now foresee. What will be
lone with the people themselves? Are they to be
;ia&e citizens? Spaniards, Indians, Mestizoes,
iMulattoes, Negroes, and all?
Sir, it seems to me that every consideration of
patriotism, as well as sound judgment, requires us
to say at once to Mexico, that we do not desire a
dismemberment of her Confederacy—that we do
not want any of her territory, acquired in this
way.
Would there be anything disgraceful in making
such a proclamation as this ? Has it anything to
do with a withdrawal of our troops, or the dishonor
of a retreat from the enemy ?
Mr. Chairman, some gentlemen seem to have
strange notions of national disgrace and national
dishonor. I do not profess to be very well inform-
ed in such matters; but I may be permitted to say,
that according to my opinion of national honor, we :
should not Jose half so much by a withdrawal of:
our army, not only to the Rio Grande, or the Nu- |
eccs, or even to the capital itself, as by the pas- !
sage of this bill now under consideration. The j
withdrawal of the army might be a very unwise
policy, but it could never be considered a disgrace-
ful one. We have triumphantly met our enemy
u^on too many battle-fields for any policy we
might adopt to be subject to such imputation. The
valor of our arms, I trust, will never be considered
as tarnished for refusing to strike a fallen foe. The
victories of Palo Alto, Resaca de la Paima, and
Monterey, will not soon be forgotten; in all of
which the greatest glory of the achievement was
the mercy and the magnanimity shown to the van-
quished. Our honor, therefore, could not suffer
by any disposition of our arms. But, sir, this bill
proposes to obtain a victory, not by the gallantry
and chivalry of our troops, but by the corrupting
influence of money; the policy it adopts is not to
conquer a peace, but to buy one. It rests upon the
principle that national honor is a merchantable
commodity—a thing to be bought; and I suppose,
if occasion should offer, to be sold also. And yet,
it is advocated by those who thrust themselves for-
ward as the exclusive champions of the character
and fame of the country. I have no admiration
for such honor as this, and quite as little patience
with its advocates. Our fair escutcheon shall
never be tarnished by such a blot by my sanction.
I have as little regard for the honor of such a
transaction as i have use for territory so obtained.
To be even driven from the field after a manly
resistance would not, in my opinion, be so dis-
graceful as to sue for quarters by paying tribute to
the enemy. For, after all, the fortunes of war do
not always turn to the advantage of the bravest,
the most valiant, or the most deseiving. And the
greatest honor is often acquired where success
falls far short of being equal either to the justice
of the cause or the merit of the effort. Bui. never
yet have 1 heard of a nation that increased the lus-
tre of its fame or the valor of its arms by offering
money to suspend a conflict. Is it said that Con°
giess made a similar appropriation at the request
of Mr. Jefferson, when Louisiana was acquired,
and to Mr. Monroe, when Florida was obtained ?
Sir, the cases are not analogous. We were not
then at war. Those acquisitions were made by
purchase—fairly, honorably, and peaceably effect-
ed. And with what face can those who advocate
such an ignominious proceeding as this, which has
no parallel even in the corruptest courts of Europe,
where statesmanship consists in intrigue and diplo-
macy, charge that open declaration of purpose
which I propose with involving m any decree a
compromise of national honor? If we do not aim
at the dismemberment of Mexico—if we do not
desne any of her territory as the result of this war,
cither under the appellation of conquest, or the
more specious but less tiue cognomen of indemni-
ty—is there anything disreputable to our character
in so declaring to the world? Sir, for one, I re-
peat, I do nor want any territory acquired in tins
way, nor do I believe the people of this country
desire it. 3
And besides the reasons already offered, which
of themselves would ever control me, there are
others of great importance, growing out of the na-
ture of the union of these States, which should be
gravely considered before bringing m this new
element ot strife. Who can set here and listen to
the debates daily upon this question, and look un-
moved upon the prospect before us? This Wil-
mot proviso, and the resolutions from the Legisla-
tures of the States of New York, and Pennsylvania,
and Ohio, all of the same character and import,
speak a language that cannot be mistaken—a lan-
guage of warning upon this subject, and which
the country, if wise, would do well to heed in
time. They show a fixed determination on the,
part of the North, which is now in the majority in
this House, and ever will be hereafter, that, if ter-
ritory is acquired, the institutions of the South shall
be forever excluded from its limits; this is to be
the condition attached to the bill upon your table!
What is to be the result of this matter? Will
the South submit to this restriction ? Will the
North ultimately yield? Or shall 'these two
great sections of the Union be arrayed against
each other? When the elements of discord are
fully arroused, who shall direct the storm? Who
does not know how this country was shaken to
its very centre by the Missouri agitation? Should
another such a scene occur, who shall be mighty
enough to prevent the most disastrous conse-
quences? The master spirit of that day is no
longer in your councils. Shall another equally
great and patriotic ever be found ? Let not gentle-
men quiet their apprehensions by staving off this
question. It has to be met, and better now than
at a future day. It had better be decided now than
after more blood and treasure has been spent in
the pursuit of that which may ultimately be our
ruin. Upon the subject of slavery, about which
so much has been said in this debate, I shall say
but little. I do not think it necessary to enter into
a defence of the character of the people of my sec-
tion of the Union, against the arguments of those
who have been pleased to denounce that institution
as wicked and sinful. It is sufficient for me and
for them that the morality of that institution stands
upon a basis as firm as the Bible; and by that code
of morals we are content to abide, until a better be
furnished. Until Christianity be overthrown, and
some other system of ethics be substituted, the re-
lation of master and slave can never be regarded
as an offence against the Divine laws. The char-
acter of our people speaks for itself. And a more
generous, more liberal, more charitable, more be-
nevolent, more philanthropic, and a more mag-
nanimous people, I venture ,to say, are not to be
found m any part of this or any other country.
As to their piety, it is true they have " none to
boast of.,y But they are free from that pharisaical
sin of self-righteousness, which is so often dis-
played elsewhere, of forever thanking the Lord
that they are not as other men are.
As a political institution, I shall never argue the
question of slavery here. I plead to the jurisdic-
tion. ' The subject belongs exclusively to the
States. There the Constitution wisely left it; and
there Congress, if it acts wisely, will let it remain.
Whether the South will submit to the threatened
proscription, it is not my province to say. The
language of defiance should always be the last
alternative. _ Rnt asl value this Union,"and all the
blessings which its security and permanency prom-
ise, not only to the present but coming generations,
I invoke gentlemen not to put this principle to the
test. I have great confidence in the strength of the
Union, so long as sectional feelings and prejudices
are kept quiet and undisturbed—so long as good
neighborhood and harmony are preserved amongst
the States. But I have no disposition to test its
strength by running against that rock upon which
Mr. Jefferson predicted we should be finally wreck-
ed. And the signs of the times, unless I greatly
mistake them, are not of a character to be unheed-
ed. With virtue, intelligence, and patriotism, on
the part of the people, and integrity, prudence,
wisdom, and a due regard to all the great interests
of the country, on the part of our rulers, a bright
and a glorious destiny awaits us. But if bad coun-
sels prevail—if all the solemn admonitions of the
present and the past are disregarded—if the policy
of the Administration is to be carried out—if Mexi-
co, the "forbidden fruit," is to be seized at every
hazard, I very much fear that those who control
public affairs, in their eager pursuit after the unen-
viable distinction of despoiling a neighboring le-
pnblic, will have the still less enviable glory of
looking back upon the shattered and broken frag-
ments of their own Confederacy. And instead of
" revelling in the halls of Montezuma," or gloating
over the ruins of the ancient cities of the Aztecs,
tftey may be compelled to turn and behold in their
rear another and a wider prospect of desolation,
carnage, and blood.
Mr. Chairman, it was asked by him who spake
as man never spake, " What shall a man be profiled,
if he gain the whole world and lose his own soul ?"
And may 1 not, with reverence, ask what we shall
be profited as a nation, if wc gain any part, or
even the whole of Mexico, and lose the Union, the
soul of our political existence? The Union is not
only the life, but the soul of these States. It is
; this that gives them animation, vigor, power, pros-
!j perity, greatness, and renown; and from this alone
ji spring our hopes of immortality as a common
;! people.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
SPEECH OF MR. MILTON BROWN,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
February 12, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under considera-
tion the Three Million Appropriation Bill—
Mr. BROWN, of Tennessee, said:
Mr. Chairman: Though reluctant to speak at a
time when speeches on this floor seem so abundant,
a sense of duty compels me to present my views
of the causes and origin of this war. That its im-
mediate cause and origin are to be found in the
marching of our army into the Mexican settle-
men tson the Rio Grande, and pointing our cannon
into the Mexican city of Matamoros, seems too
clear to admit of reasonable controversy. The
proof of this—conclusive and unanswerable—stands
in the public documents of the country, now ex-
posed to public inspection, to be seen and read by
all.
But the defenders of the President, driven almost
to desperation to find apologies for this most un-
authorised and unwarrantable act, have attempted
to defend it on the ground of its being necessary
to carry out the Texas annexation resolution,
passed by the Congress of the United States. And 
strange to say, my colleagues, [Mr. Martin, Mr.
Stanton, and Mr. Johnson,} anxious to shield the
President, and at thesame time to connect myself,
who introduced the annexation resolution which
finally proved successful, and other Whigs, who
voted for it, with the responsibilities of this war,,
have assumed that annexation itself rendered a con-
flict of arms with Mexico inevitable. In doing
this, they have been driven to the humiliating ne-
cessity of contradicting all that the President him-
self and his friends have declared to.the country,
both before and since annexation, even up to the
commencement of the war. Before the passage of
the annexation resolution they declared that an-
nexation would be no cause of offence to Mexico,
and that it would produce no war. Jifter annexa-
tion, it was triumphantly proclaimed that no war
had ensued, or was likely to ensue; and Mr. Polk,
in his message of December, 1845, announced the
consummation of the great event, as lla bloodless
achievement," in which the arm of force and sword
of war had taken no part.
But that I may do no injustice to the grounds
noio taken by my colleagues, I will read from the
revised speech of my colleague [Mr. Johnson] what
he says upon the subject. He says:
"The inquiry, then, fanly came up, Whose war was it?
Had the President ot the United States involved the eounit v
m tfiat wai ? Did the President begin the war? Hi* col-
league [Mr. Gentry] flatly a^ort^i that the Piesidcut
rushed into the war 4 on Ins own m*-re motion.' Let them
now appeal Mo the law and to the testimony.' fn lr4f>
there \v;i> a struggle in that Ifouse between the two srivat
political parties, as to who should have the honor and credit
ot uitioducing a lesolution there, that would be most accept-
able to the couiitry,and liest^ecuretheannexation of IVx.is
to the Frntpd State*.. That .stiug« le wa-> between tisc W]n s
and the Demociatic pait\\ Seveial piopositions were
brought forward, but all were voted down. Who concocted,
who malun d the proposition that was accepted ' U'.ts it
the President of the United Status? Was it a Wing <>r a
Democrat? Why, it was his (Mr. J.'s) woi thy colleague
[Milton Brown*] who introduced the measure there, after
the vFuious Democratic propositions had been vott d down •
and that resolution, introduced by a good Wi <j of the ^t.ito
of Tennessee, was voted lor by the whole delegation, both
Wings and Democrats, of thw State of Tennessee. The res-
olution he referred to prescribed all tike necessary >tep* to
