' 1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Milton Brown.
' Ho. of Reps.
be taken for the admission of Texas into the Union as one
of the sovereign States."
Again, in another paragraph, he says;
"Texas, on the 29th of December, 1845, was admitted
into the Union upon an equal footing with the other States
of the Confederacy; arid for this aot of admission on the
part of the Federal Government, Mexico commenced the
■war, and not upon Texas particularly, but upon the Govern-
ment of the United States; not for the establishment of any
particular boundaiy ori this side of the Rio Grande, but foi
the purpose of avenging a conceived wrong, inflicted upon
her by the Government of the United States for admitting
Texas into the Union."
Tins new position into which the defenders of
the President have been driven, in order to find
apologies for him, in the allegation that war was
the necessary result of annexation, coming from
the quarter it does, after what has preceded it, will
be received with surprise, at least by the people of
Tennessee. They will recur to what has been told
them, both before and' after annexation. Espe-
cially will they recall the eloquent tones of the
present "democratic" Governor [Mr. Aaron Y.
Brown,] in his canvass, months after the annexation
resolution had passed. They will remember his
brilliant descriptions of the great event of annexa-
tion; the satire and sarcasm with which he lashed
those who, before annexation, had intimated fears
that our peaceful relations with Mexico might be
disturbed; and the bright and warm assurances he
gave, that there was nothing before us but peace
and greatness. They will remember, too, as the
whole country will, the announcement of Mr.
Polk, in his message, in the December following
He informs Congress of the result of annexation,
and then says,
, "This accession to our territory has been a bloodless
achievement. No arm of force has been raised lo produce
the result. The swoid ha«* had no part in the victory. VVe
have not nought to extend oui territorial po-<«es-ions'l)v con-
quest,or our republican institutions over a reluctant people.
It was the delibeiate hom ise of each people to the great
principle of our federative Union."
This announcement was made to Congress nine
months after the annexation resolution had passed.
The President,'after this lapse of time, not only
failed to see any danger of war growing out of an-
nexation, but, on the contrary, informs Congress
in'the same message, that the chief causes of dif-
ference between this country and Mexico proceed
from other causes. The message goes on to say:
"But though Mexico cannot complain of the United States
on account of the annexation of Texas, it is to be regretted
that serious causes of misuuder'-tandinir between the two !
■countries continue to exist, growine out of unredressed in-
juries inflicted by the Mexican authoiirie* and people on the
persons and propeitv of citizens of the United States, through
a long seue$ of yeais."
Here it will be seen Jhat, according to the mes-
sage scntto Congress nine months after annexation,
our most important difficulties with Mexico did not !
spring from the annexation of Texas, hut chiefly, |
if not entirely, from other causes. And the mes- ;
sage goes on to intimate, that unless Mexico speed- !
ily adjusted these differences, the President would
bring the matter before Congress, and recommend
measures to compel her to do so.
And here permit me to say, that so far as any
humble agency of mine may have contributed to ,
bring Texas into the Union, I seek to avoid no just
responsibility. I acted on mature reflection, and
was guided by my best and most deliberate judg-
ment. My reasons, it would be out of place now !
to give. But, sir, when the resolution annexing
Texas to the United States is appealed to as justi-
fication for Mr. Polk in marching our army into
Mexican settlements on the Rio Grande, and point-
ing our cannon into the city of Matamoros, I will
take no part m such responsibility as this; and I
stand here to declare, and to sustain by proof, that
the annexation resolution gave the President no
more authority to do this unauthorized, unlawful,
and unconstitutional act, than it did to march our
army into Canada, and point our cannon into the
city of Quebec.
This brings me to the examination of some im-
portant and leading facts connected with the his-
tory of annexation. These facts will throw light
on the whole transaction, and aid in settling the
true meaning and intention of the annexation res-
olution, and furnish the reasons why such explicit
language was introduced into it, excluding all idea
of annexing to the United States, or claiming any
territory beyond the points where the sword of
revolution had clearly subverted Mexican power
and authority, and established and maintained ab-
solute independence.
The first important step in the history of annex-
ation was what is called the Tyler treaty. It was
rejected by the Senate. One of the leading grounds
of its rejection vyas, that it was objectionable on
the question of boundary; that it proposed to in-
clude, as belonging to Texas, and annex to the
United States, the country between the Nueces and
the Rio Grande. It is not material to my purpose
whether this construction of the treaty was right
or wrong. The fact of the objection on that ground
is the material thing.
Mr. Benton and others assumed that the treaty-
did contain this objectionable feature, and upon
this Mr. Benton saiu:-
"The treaty, in all that relates to the boundaiy of the
Rio Grande, is an act of wipaialleled outrage on Mexico. If
is the seizure of two thousand miles of her territory, with-
out a word of explanation with her, and by viitue of a treaty
with Texas, to which she is no party."
After commenting further on this attempted
"outrage," he proceeds as follows:
" I therefore propose, as an additional resolution—appli-
cable to the Rto del Noite boundaiy only—the one which I
will rertd and send to the table, and on whieh at the pioper
tune I shall ask the vote of the Senate. This is the resolu-
tion :
"Resolved. That the ineoipoiation of the left bank of the
Rio Giando del Norte into the An.eucan Union, by virtue of
a treaty with Texas, comprehending, a^ the said ineoipoia-
tion would do, a pait of the Mexican departments of New
Mexico, Chihuahua, Coahuila, and Tamaulipas, would be
an act ofdnect asiriession on Mevico, for all the consequen-
ces of which the United States would stand responsible."
The report of his speech, written out by him-
self, then proceeds as follows:
" Having shown the effect of the rreatv on the Rio Grande
frontier, Mr. H. took up the treaty itself, under all its aspects
and in its whole extent, ami av-mucd fom positions, in rela-
tion to it. nanielv •
" 1. That the ratification of the tieatv would be, of itself,
war between the United States and Mexico. 12. That it
would be unjust war. .'J That it would be war unconstitu-
tionally made. 4. That it would be war upon a weak and
groundless pretext."
These positions, taken'and maintained with such
zeal and force in the Senate, show the impossibility
of passing through that body any proposition for
the annexation of Texas, which included, either
expressly or by implication, the territory to which
Mr. Benton refers. Indeed, none could have passed
that was in this rospeoteven doubtful. Even with-
out Mr. Benton's vote none could have passed, a^
the final vote on that which did pass will show,
not to mention others who stood with him on this
view of the subject.
The next step in the progress of annexation was
the report of the annexation resolutions in the
House of Representatives by the Committee of
Foreign Affairs. These resolutions imbodied an \
exact copy of the rejected Tyler treaty. The House, i
as the Senate had previously done, refused to pass \
them. '
And now, sir, I come to the resolution intro
dueed hy myself, and which finally passed, and on
which Texas was finally annexed. It differed in
three important points from all previous proposi-
tions: 3. On the boundary question. 2. In regard
to the lands and debts of Texas, leaving Texas to
keep her own lands and pay her own debts. And
3. Tt settled the slavery question on the basis of
the Missouri eompionnsc line. \
The first point, the boundary question, is the only |
one now material to be considered. And here it ,
must be borne in mind, that the discussion, especial- ;
ly in the Senate, as to the true boundary of Texas, 1
had brought the difficulties and dangers of assu- '
ming the Rio Grande as the boundary between I
Texas and Mexico to the attention of every one. :
The difficulties were deemed insurmountable, and ,
the objections to such a course unanswerable. And j
hence'itwas, that any proposition of annexation, ,
to be successful, must not only abstain from all |
pietension to exclusive claim of right to the country
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande, but must
be in such terms as to exclude all reasonable pos-
sibility of a conflict with Mexico, growing out of
this question of boundary between her and Texas.
With this view, among others, was the proposition
drawn which finally passed. It was drawn with
an eye carefully and steadily looking to this point,
and is in terms clear and explicit. Its language is:
"Resolved, fyc. That Congress doth consent that the terri-
tory properly included within, and rightfully belonging to,
the republic of Tevas, may be erected into a new State, to
be called the State of Texas, with a republican form of gov-
ernment, to be adopted by the people of said republic, by
deputies m convention assembled, with the consent of the
existing Government, in order that the same may be admit-
ted as one of the States of this Union."
Why was this very remarkable language, " the
territory properly included within, and rightfully be-
longing to, the republic of Texas," inserted? It
was to exclude all possibility of a conflict growing
out of an exclusive claim on our part of the disputed
country between the Nueces and the Rio Grande.
No territory was to be annexed or claimed that
was not, in the first place, uproperly included with-
in" Texas; and, in the next place, none was to be
annexed or claimed, which did not " rightfully be-
long to" that republic.
The resolution, in its extreme caution on this
point, did not stop even here. Although the con-
stitutional and legal effect of annexation would
have been to confcr all powers of negotiation, in
regard to the boundary, on the General Govern-
ment, without any express provisions for that pur-
pose, the resolution, if possible, to still further neg-
ative all idea that the act of the Texan Congress,
declaring the Rio Grande as the boundary, should
be deemed conclusive, goes on, and in express
terms gives the settlement of all such questions to
the treaty-making power of the United States. One
of the conditions of admission is as follows: "Said
Stale (of Texas) to be formed, subject lo the adjust-
ment, by this Government^ of all questions of bound'
arv that may arise withher Governments."
• I have thus presented some of the leading facts
connected with the passage of the annexation reso-
lution; and I have also given my views of the
obvious meaning and intention of the resolution
itself. It was drawn in terms expressly designed
to obviate all danger of conflict with Mexico in
regard to the disputed boundary.
The title ofToxas, both to he? independence
and territory, was no paper or statutory title; it
was a title by the sword. As far as her sword of
revolution had gone, and subverted Mexican power
and authority, and established and maintained ab-
solute independence, that far the resolution de-
signed to go, and no further. And I will here add
my firm comiction, that no proposition for annex-
ation could have parsed either House of Congress,
which set up any exclusive claim to the disputed
country between the Nueces and the Rio Grande.
I feel that I can at least speak with positive certainty
for myself, and the Whigs who voted with me
for annexation, that not one of us would have
voted for any such proposition.
And now, sir, I come more particularly to in-
quire, would the annexation lesolution, which did
pass, have involved us in war, if the President had
carried out its provisions in good faith, and with
ordinary prudence and discretion ? I answer, no.
Why would Mexico have made war on the Uni-
ted States? For nine years she had made no
movement against Texas, and all that time no hos-
ttle Mexican foot had trod on Texan soil. The
Mexican Congress had voted down a proposition
for supplies for hostile movements against Texas,
by a vote of two ot three to one. Was Mexico
more willing to invade the United States than she
had been to invade Texas5 Certainly no one can
believe it. Make threats, she might; it is n. part
of her character to do so; she had made them
against Texas, but there was no reason to believe
she seriously thought of putting them into execu-
tion.
And here I desire to make a remark, based on a
careful examination of the documents relating to
this Mexican war. The whole correspondence m
regard to it—that of our consul, Mr. Black, Mr.
Slidell, Mr. Dotielson, General Taylor, and all that
passed between Mexico and our Government,
shows, that up to the very commencement of the
war, Mexico was far more apprehensive of an in-
vasion from us, than we were of an invasion from
Mexico. There is not, in all this correspondence,
a fact or a word, from which any mind in pursuit
of truth can infer, that Mcxico intended to make
war upon us. On the contrary, the fears of Mexico
are continually appealed to on our parr, to bring
her into terms.
Mexico had been harassed hy civil wars, and
the alternate triumph of contending factions, until
they could sustain no regularGovernment at home,
much less could they wage foreign wars. The
only method by which Mr. Polk could have got
