356
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 12,
99th Cong 2r> Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Milton Brown.
Ho. or Reps.
into a war with Mexico, was the one he adopted;
which was the marching of our army into the
Mexican settlements, and pointing our cannon into
Mexican towns, thereby uniting their broken fac-
tions in defenee—as they were made to believe by
their military leaders—of their religion, their coun-
try, and their firesides, against a common enemy.
The letter of Mr. A. J. Donelson to oar Secretary
of State, Mr. Buchanan, of the 11th July, 1845,
will throw much light on Mexican feeling and
character, and prove what I have said, that Mr.
Polk, by marching the army to the Rio Grande,
adopted the surest way to get the country into war
with Mexico. Mr. £>onelson says:
"These people, [the Mexicans,J long harassed by the
militaiy exactions ot their own Government, seek for nothing
so ardently as to escape from violence. Tney are liable, on
one side, to be eon-taritiy attacked by the Indians. Tlie\'
have been, on the other, often visited by the Texans, who,
in revenge of their slaughtered comrades, and of the faith-
less conduct of Santa Ana, have not been disposed to miti-
gate the blows of retaliation. Expecting rio quarter, there-
fore, from aTexan auny on the Kio Grande, the presence of
one tltere would have been the surest means of uniting the
Mexicans, and of enabling General Arista, or some other
eommandei, to bring them all into the field."
He therefore concludes that such a movement
would be unwise, and declares it as his opinion,
that if the Mexicans were not roused and united
by a hostile demonstration on their border, that
Texas (to use his own words) "had an effectual
shield in the aversion of the Mexican population
to war."
And now, sir, I come to the true causes which
have unfortunately involved us in this war. Texas
was annexed, and there was no anticipation of
war from that. Mr. Polk, nine months after the
passage of the annexation resolutions, as I have
shown, announced, in a message to Congress, that
there was no cloud of war in that quarter, and
that our unsettled differences with Mexico rested
chiefly on other matters.
But there was a cloud of war, dark and threat-
ening, hanging over us from our dispute with Eng-
land, about Oregon. The President, as a means
of reaching power, had taken grounds in regard
to Oregon which he could not, and, as the event
shows, did not, sustain. But, after his election,
he was under, a kind of political, or rather party,
necessity of seeming to stand up to what lie had
said.
io show the extent to which the President and
his friends were committed on this subject, and
the desperate condition into which their own hum-
bugs had thrown them, I will read from the speech
of Mr. A. V. Brown, now Governor of Tennes-
see, delivered to the people throughout the State
m his canvass for that high office, and afterwards
written out by himself, and published in the Nash-
ville Union. It will exhibit the unfortunate, and,
it the honor and happiness of the country had not I
beeii involved, thekndiculous and laughable condi- ;
tion m which the party shortly afterwards found i
themselves placed. It will exhibit, too, (and for j
that purpose I novy use it,) the powerful motives |
they had, knowing- m their hearts that they would i
sooner or later yield a large portion of this " Dem- :
oeratic" "promised land" to the paw of the British
lion, to cover their retreat, and the disgrace of their
position, by involving us m war with poor, misera-
ble Mexico.
Governor A. V. Brown said:
"Go ii;i with me in imagination, and stand for awhile on
some Io>ty -uminit of trie Km kj Mountain-. Let us take
one lavishing vievvot tins b o ui land ot liberty Turn lour
t.ice urn-aids the Gulf of Mexico, what do joii behold > iu-
st-a.l ot one loue^tdr faintly .-tin,nig in ihe tar distant-oath,
a wh .It; <ralaxy o, sta^s oi tin? tiist magnitude are burttimr
on >oui \ i-ioii, and shilling with a bright and glonons efful-
gence. How tinn with me to the we-,t—the mi htv we-t—
w , U tn.' -utnig -un dips lie, bioad disk in tlie'wesfin
oi. ,vu Look ayeai d,.vvn through the mi-ty di-tanr-c to the
s.oie, iirni. IMc.li,, with all it, bays, and haitiors, and
n, I . C.I-r } oik eyes as far as tile ltu-sian possessions in
a" 40 ,,1"'utcs' Wlwt a new woild
Jie^ Dt.oio \<>u; Il(),v mam magnificent Statps to be the
future iiom-ri or the ^o/i*, and daughter of freedom i But
} on I'avi; riot \ t't ir«i/.<'d uu half tins *ionou< country. Turn
now \our fai'C to the ea^-t, wht-re tint mormnjr sun fust i1
snuK-h On tin* Itnd ot hburtj. Awav vonder jou see the r
lH'ai'jitai old thmeen. who achievrd our independence* !'
1p'-Vh° Vrh"' U^' Ivv''hv f" n^en dt.ites of the gieatval- Ir
, n and lepo^inq Jiko so many !
giduN iu tlieir hlurnb i>. O, now I see vour hea>-f ^ full— I
ta" in ««> mm. Who now ft ek like he wa* ap'tity H
m m: ot-a.ombern man. oi a nouhein ixmii .■  Who do"* not ii
ls*an and fhanki'ul fo Heaven that Si
V J 1 a goodly land: When did mental f
viMon ov.« i^t on such a bcene? Mo>e<, when standing on li
the top of Mount Pisgah, looking over on the promised land,
gazed not on a scene half so lovely. O, let us this day vow
that, whatever else we may do, by whatever name we may
be called, we will never surrender one square acre of this
goodly heritage to the dictation of any king or potentate on
earth. Swear it, swear it, my countrymen, and let Heaven
record the vow forever. What if the English hon shall be-
gin to growl? What if he shall presently fill the air with
his roar? Armed with right and justice on our side, we
fear him not. Our fathers did not fear him before us. Let
him roar. The American eagle, your own high bird of lib-
erty, is even now pluming her wings for her loftiest flight,
and will presently utter notes of bolder defiance than Eng-
land's lion ever heard."
But, notwithstanding Governor Brown admin-
istered this oath to the "Democracy," "never to
surrender one square acre of this goodly heritage,'"' j
this " Democratic" promised land, yet it was not |j
long thereafter until Mr. Polk gave up nearly half jj
of it to the British liony including, perhaps, "Mount
Piss;ah'' itself!
With this certain prospect of the exposure of their
Oregon humbug before them, the party in power
looked to some bold and courageous movement
against broken down and distracted Mexico U> save
their sinking fortunes. It was equally our misfor-
tune to have a weak but ambitious President, seek-
ing to escape the disgrace of his position, and the
lash of his political friends in the Oregon affair,
and to have on our border a weak and distracted
neighboring nation with whom we had a contro-
versy.
Texas and Oregon had lifted the President to
power. To fail in his negotiations in regard to
both was too bad. He knew he would fail in Ore-
gon; he must therefore succeed in Texas. He must
have a surrender of all he demanded, or have a fight.
The surrender, too, must be immediate. The politi-
cal and party necessity admitted of no delay. Mex-
ico must yield all, and that, too, without delay, or
fight. And it was not enough that Mexico should
withdraw herself, and, in her characteristic stub-
bornness, refuse either to fight or treat. She must
do one or the other, and that quickly.
On the other side, the Mexican authorities were,
no doubt, sincercly anxious to treat, and to settle
all disputes amicably. But they, too, were under
a political and party necessity of concealing their
own wishes until they could get themselves suffi-
ciently established in power to act on their real
opinions and wishes. They had come into power
by humbugging about war for Texas, but with no
more idea of attempting- it than Mr. Polk had of
lighting England for 54° 40'.
fn this condition of things, our Government pro-
poses to renew the diplomatic intercourse between
the counts ieSj which had for a time been sus-
pended. A favorable response was received; and
forthwith Mr. Slidell was despatched to Mexico as
our minister. But he, being in a great hurry, ar-
rived before the Government of Herrera was ready
for him. Having humbugged the war feeling in
the country, he wanted a little time to change this
feeling, and " to prepare the hearts of the people"
for what heliimself wished to do, which was to set-
tle amicably all matters in dispute with the United
States. But he needs a little time for this, and the
presence of Mr. Slidell in the capital too soon will
do harm. He therefore most earnestly desires that
in the capital at this time mt ht prove destructive lo the Gov-
ernment, and thus defeat the whole affair. You know the
opposition are calling us traitois for entering into this ar-
rangement with you. I told hnn I regretted this had not
been known in time, as the Envoy would be now on his
way to this capital, and that the Mexican Government had
set no time tor his arrival, and it wa> to be presumed that
th.ey would be ready to receive him whenever he arrived.
I know, he said, there was no time set; but from the con-
versations which I have had with yourself, and what I have
heard from others, I had good reason to behove that the
Envoy would not fcave been appointed by your Government,
or, at lea.^t, not have started on Ins mission, until after the
meeting of Contrre^; which, h<* paid, he understood would
not meet until the fust ot this month.
" He said that the Government itself was well di-po=ed,
and ready to proceed in the negotiation; but, if the a/Fair
was commenced now, it would endanger its existence ; that
the Government was preparing the thing, collect 'ng the opin-
ion and consent of the departments, which thev expected to
! have finished by January, and then they would be able to
i proceed in the affair with more security; that the Covern-
; ment were, afraid that the appearance ot' the Envoy at this
| time would pioduce a revolution again&t it. which might
: terminate in its destruction."
I This shows the desire of the Government of
j Mexico to restore friendly relations with us; but,
i then, personal and party reasons rendered a little
i delay important. If the negotiation was then
pressed, it must be a failure; but if a little delay is
given, it might be successful. But Mr. Slidell
went in a hurry, and something must be done
quickly. In the face of all'these facts, he dem mute
his reception forthwith, notwithstanding he had
been told that such a course would be fatal. The
Government refused to receive him as minister,
but, evidently anxious to avoid a conflict, pro-
1 posed to receive him as commissioner to treat
| about Texas. But he spurned this offer, and de-
j manded either his immediate reception as a minis-
; ter, or else his passports.
| How much IVIr. Shdell's presence in Mexico had
[ to do with the overthrow of Herrera's Government
j is not known, beyond what may be inferred from
i Mr. Black's letter. But, it seems, he desired to
; see it overturned. He says, in his letter to Mr.
! Buchanan of December 17, 1845:
S "A revolution, and that before the meeting of Congress,
' is a probable event—a change of ministers almost a certain
I one. Notwithstanding the desne, which I behe\ e the pres-
ent Admmistiation really enteitains, to adjust all their diffi-
culties with us, s-o feeble and inert is it, that T am lather
inclined to the opinion that the chances of successful nego-
tiation would be better with one more hostile, but possess-
ing greater energy. The country, by conflicting factions, is
in a state of perfect anarchy; its finances in a condition
utterly desperate."
Well, sir, as Mr. Slidell had wished and pre-
dicted, Herrera was overthrown, and Paredes came
into power. Mr. Slidell then makes application
to him to be received, but gets the same response
that he had received before; that he could be re-
ceived as a commissioner to treat aboutTexas, but
not as a minister.
All this time there was not the slightest evidence
to showany intention, on the part of Mexico, to
wage war against us. On the contrary, Mr. Sli-
dell took good care to impress the Mexican Gov-
ernment with the belief that, if he was not re-
ceived, the United States would make war on
them. He was of opinion that their/tars should
be operated on, and accordingly, on the 27th of
December, 1845, he wrote to Mr. Buchanan that
Mr. Slidell would not be in so great haste. And i; '<hostile demonstrations" ought to be made, m order
here the curtain rises on a veiy interesting and im-
portant portion of tins diplomatic history. The !
letter of Mr. Black to Mr. Buchanan, found in the
public documents, is worthy of special notice, and
throws much light on this matter. Mr. Black
writes as follows:
to alarm them. He says "to Mr. Buchanan:
"The de^iie of our Government to secure peace will he
mistaken for timidity; the mo«t extiavagant pretention- will
be made and moisted upon, until the Mexican people 9halL
be convinced, by hostile deinon^ration*, that our diftWences
mu-t be settled piomptly, either by negotiation or the
sword."
„h-, accost™ i The rres,den' of 'he United States arrived at
■j. Government was informed that there j e snme conclusion, and determined (and that,
ra Cruz from the United States, bring- !, too, without consulting Congress, the war-inakinsr
{{I went up to the President's quarters, when the minister
came ou^into the ante-chamber and met me, and accosted
me, that the. C ' ' ' '
was an arrival m V«ra
ing out a eommi,<&ioner. by which the Government was power") to make "hostile " ami m
token by surpr^e, and asked me who this commissioner !i ,i' ' demonstrations, and to
could be, and what had he come for? I told imn I d.rt not I' ™n?lnce Mexican people that they must settle
know, bm I presumed it was the envoy which the Mexican I1 promptly, either by negotiation or Ihe sword." He
Government had agreed to receive from the Government of ;i accordingly, on the 13th of January following, or-
Ta,;,ov° maicl? GHe-
Cruz had advised me, in a letter under date the 29th nf h donelson  ad informed the President, by his
November, that the Hon. John Slidell had iu«t arrived at <; official correspondence, that, in his opinion, the
Saciirkios, and wished to leave VeraCruz fortius capital j: presence of an army in the Mexican settlements
afctrtetrWK !i °n f - Ri0 Gntnde, would almost unavo.dahly
United Suites to that of Mexico, as we had good reason to !' reSillL in,a conflict of arms. But the movement
expect on,: about this time. Hi; said, that ought not to be ,
Uie, Government did wot expect an Envoy from the United
States until Januarv, as they were not prepared to receive
bun; and he desired, if possible, that he would not come to
the capital, nor even disembark at this time, and that f
should endeavor to prevent his doing so, as his appearance
was resolved on; "hostile demonstrations" must be
made. They were made, and resulted, as had been
predicted, and as every man of sense must have
knoivn they would, in war.
That the army was marched into Mexican set-
