APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wibnot Proviso—Mr. Seaborn Jones.
Ho. of Reps.
Another gentleman from New York [Mr. Gro-
yeh] tells us that public opinion at the North is
opposed to the extension of slavery, and to the
admission of another slave State. But, sir, he has
not-proved such public opinion to be just or hon-
est. If the existence of this public opinion is a
legitimate reason for stripping us of these consti-
tOtionaJ rights, how long before "public opinion"
will require emancipation in the District of Colum-
bia ? Having accomplished that, how long before
it- will have ripened into a mandate from the ma-
jority to abolish slavery in the States? Not long,
I presume, if we are to succumb to this " public
opinion" in the outset.
Let me ask gentlemen what is their real object
in wishing to draw around the South a cordon of
free States? What effect do they wish Jo produce
at the South by endeavoring to prevent its contem-
poraneous extension ? Is it your object to over-
throw us ? Do you seek our destruction ? Now,
what do you promise yourselves were you to ac-
complish this end ? Is it in order to destroy the
white race, and give up the country to the blacks?
Or is it your desire or expectation that the blacks
will eventually be exterminated? "Which, I ask,
do'you seek ? You cannot be so heedless as to pur-
sue these measures with so much zeal without some
well-defined object in view. Is your object to bet-
ter the condition of the human race? And are
you so senseless as really to think that the eman-
cipation of the black race will effect that purpose?
The result would be exactly the reverse. It would
put off the era of universal political liberty or civ-
ilization a century; perhaps for centuries. We,
the United States, are the beacon-light to the
world. ^ The advancement of this Government in
power is the advancement of the liberty of man-
kind; and. the great element of power in this Gov-
ernment is the associated slave labor of the South.
As strangeand paradoxical as it may seem, slavery
at the South is the surest guarantee of liberty at
the North. In the South there is no conflict be-
tween capital and labor. There labor and capital
are united. Not so at the North, where capital
and labor are ever at war. The South, from inter-
est and feeling, is ever found on the side of labor.
The South furnishes those productions—cotton,
tobacco, rice, &c.—-which give the United States
their great commercial power. That commerce is
carried on more especially by the non-slaveholding
Suites, and t/ins if is thai vour institutions, not
ours, are being disseminated through the world by
its means.
Indeed, the whole civilized world now feels its
just influence. Our institution does not make you
less happy, less virtuous; and, in a pecuniary
point of view, it adds greatly to your prosperity.
Nor does it detract, in the least, from your ad-
vancement in the great principles of equal rights.
On the contrary, in your battles for that great i
principle against capital and monopoly, we are '
ever found on the side of labor. Slavery in the
*■ South is indeed the surest guarantee of liberty in
the free States. For while capital and monopoly,
the g;i eat enemies of freedom and iabor, qre ever
striving to master you, we are ever ready to sue- 1
cor you, prompted, as we are, both by interest and
inclination. Under such circumstances, if slavery :
in the United States, at this stage of civilization, J
should be broken down, before free principles be- ;
come firmly rooted throughout Christendom, the I
event would indeed be a gieat calamity to man- j
kind. You of the North would be shorn of your j
prosperity, and of your growing commerce and 1
political power over the world. In the loss of that j
power, free principles would receive a shock, the 1
injury from which it might take centuries to re- :
pair. i
The Union as it is, by its united labor and intel- I
ligence, and its free principles, m half a century Ji
has conducted us to a condition of prosperity I
power, and, I may say, grandeur, hitherto unex- ''
ampled.
The political philosophers and philanthropists of
the old world have looked on us with wonder, and
■ 'j16 holiest hopes for humanity, as they see
the influence of our new civilization gradually win-
ning its way into the hearts and minds of men the
world over Kings and potentates of other lands,
seeing tliat the principles we are sowing broadcast
cannot be successfully resisted, are gradually bend-
ing under their influences. By slow degrees, (and
better, in my opinion, for being slow, because the
more certain,) they are yielding up the power they
have for so many centuries withheld from its legit-
imate owners^ the people. This is what our
Union, our Constitution with its compromises, is
doing for ourselves and the human race. I ask,
will the non-sla^eholding States, in the madness of
power, trample under foot these sacred compro-
mises, and take the consequences? Surely, if
these compromises were worth making to build up
this Union, all wise and good men must see and
feel the indispensable necessity of preserving them
to perpetuate it.
Never, sir, never can I believe they can meditate
such crime. For if this mighty fabric falls, the
great hope of man for freedom will be crushed for
centuries under the iron heel of despotism.
The black race, being of a lower order of intel-
lect, will be the last to reach a high state of civil-
ization. The negro in our southern Slates is now
under the rule of the white man, gradually under-
going the process of civilization, and moving to
his native home in the track of the sun. He is
carrying with him the civilization of his republican
master.
A century ago the negro race existed in num-
bers near the St. Lawrence. Its northern limit
may be said to have already travelled south to the
Potomac, the white race closing up its rear. In
another century, in his pilgrimage, the negro will
have passed the Mississippi, and the whites will
close upon his heels there. Obstruct not his pas-
sage to his native home, or you consign him to
certain destruction.
I hope, for the sake of humanity—for the sake
of the Union—for the sake of both races, that you
will put a stop to these mad efforts against the real
interests of the negro, and the peace of this Con-
federacy.
I have faith, an abiding faith, in the good sense
and integrity of the people; and, do as you may,
let demagoguism or fanaticism rule for the hour,
in the end the people will rescue the Constitution
from your criminal attacks.
Who is there not proud of being called a citizen
of this mighty republic, reared, as if by magic, to
a power and glory dazzling to the imagination ?
Already has its policy elevated the African from a
state of barbarism to one of intelligence, happi-
ness, and comfort before unknown to the race.
Yes, I may safely add, unknown .to the laboring
white race of Europe. Already, by their labor,
have the blacks of the South given such prosperity
to the non-slaveholding States as to attract the at-
tention of mankind.
Yes, sir; I believe that African slavery in the
South, instead of being a political evil, is a great
political advantage, not only to us but to the world.
Ibeheveithasbeen, and will be, one of the principal
instruments in emancipating the white race. In one
, or two centuries this great work will be achieved.
; Europe will be as fiee and happy as we ourselves. I
] Our power, which will give this freedom, has been
obtained chiefly through slave iabor, and must be j
J preserved to the end, and increased by the same
| means. By the time the white race shall be really
free, you will find the black man of the United
States in his native home within the tropics, pre-
pared for self-government, and ready there to rescue
his benighted fellow-black from the barbarism
under which he has grovelled for ages.
It may be asked, if I am a friend to equal rights ?
It is the fondest wish of my heart that mankind
may be happy, virtuous, and free; and every effort
of my life shall be devoted to accomplish these
holy ends.
Let our Union progress in its mission. Let it
stretch its arms to the Pacific, and control the com-
merce of that ocean. It will give us riches, and
power fo spread our religion and civilization to the
barbarous and benighted Pagans of Asia. Let the
now wellnigh desert waste between the Missis-
sippi and the Pacific be filled up by us and our
children. Let our agricultural States, both slave-
holding and non-slaveholdmg, wheel into our great
national army, on its march to a more perfect
civilization, and break down all obstacles to our
intercouise with the world. If so, fifty years will
not elapse ere the destinies of the human race will
be in our hands. May God, in his infinite wisdom,
direct that power, when lodged with us, to the*se-
curity of virtue, happiness, and freedom to man.
THE WILMOT PROVISO.
SPEECH OF MR. SEABORN JONES,
OF GEORGIA.
In the House of Representatives,
February 13, 1847.
The Bill making a special appropriation of Three
Millions to enable the President to bring the war
with Mexico to a speedy and honorable conclu-
sion, being under consideration in Committee of
the Whole—
11 Mr. JONES said:
i I I have not much to say on this three million bill.
;! However much might be said touching the justice
j! or injustice of the war, or on the question whether
■; it had been brought on by the President or by
!j Mexico, one thing was certain, the war existed;
our troops were in the enemy's country; victory
had perched upon our standard; and if more money
were wanted by the Executive, either to continue
the war or to effect an honorable peace, I cannot
doubt that the committee would appropriate the
necessary means either for the one or the other.
It is necessary, however, briefly to advert to
what has been advanced by my colleague, [Mr.
Stephens.] That gentleman's speech had been
as ingenious as it was able. Without committing
himself on the question whether the existing war
was just or unjust, or whether it ought to be pros-
ecuted or not, he avowed himself ready to vote all
the means asked for by the Executive. That gen-
tleman had taken up some of the reasons urged by
the President and by the friends of the war in its
behalf, and had declared this cause and that cause
insufficient to justify a resort to arms; but lie had
taken care not to say whether all the causes, taken
together, were insufficient, and he would not do
so. I will not do the gentleman injustice. He
well knew there were just and sufficient causes
for the war. I am willing to admit that a debt of
two millions and a half from Mexico was not in
itself a sufficient cause of war; nor was that the
cause of the war. But how had the debt been
created ? By a course of injury and outrage alto-
gether unparalleled. It could not justly be com-
pared with the debts of the delinquent States, to
which the gentleman had compared it. The debts
of these States resulted from contracts for works
of internal improvement: but the debt of Mexico
grew out of the spoliation of our commerce at sea;
the plunder of our citizens on land by illegal ex-
tortions, exacted by imprisonment and murder,
and by every enormity and exaction perpetrated
on American citizens; by a regular system of ex-
tortion and oppression practised against us by her
people and her Government for twenty-five or thir-
ty years past. Scarce had she emerged from a
state of vassalage to old Spain than she com-
menced the system of oppression and wanton in-
jury on the citizens of the United States. These
were just causes for war. I refer the gentleman
and the committee to the enumeration of these in-
juries contained in the speech of Mr. Senator Cass,
containing a list taken from documents prepared
byMr.Porsyth.when Secretary of State. But this
was not all. After the sum of two millions and a
half had been awarded to our citizens by the joint
commission appointed to adjudicate our claims, it
had been broken up, and its members refused to
consider the claims presented, amounting to nearly
or quite double that sum. Again: when the reso-
lutions were passed annexing Texas to the United
States, the Mexican Minister (General Almonte)
demanded his passports, and, protesting against
those resolutions, declaied that the passage of them
was ctmis belli., and furnished, in itself, sufficient
cause of war on the part of Mexico. The Mexi-
ca.n C'ov'-'t'nmer)t responded to the language of her
minister, and declared that it was; and thereupon
she dismissed our minister, and ordered her gen-
erals to advance with their troops into Texas—not
as far as the Rio Grande—not as far as the Nueces
—no—but even to the Sabine itself. She heaped
insult upon injury: when an envoy was sent by
us to negotiate a treaty and settle all questions in
dispute between the two Governments, how had
he been received ? Not at all; but sent away with
insult and indignity. All these things combined,
most assuredly furnished good cause of wtir, if
cause of war could ever exist.
