1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Seaborn Jones.
Ho. of Reps.
It had been urged by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Milton Brown] that the annexation
ofTeSas, which he advocated, had not been the
true cause of the war, but that the cause was to be
found in the advance of our troops to the left
bank of the Rio Grande, (sent, as they were, for
the protection of Texas.) The gentleman said,
that the march of our troops to the Rio Grande,
and the erection of a fort, with its guns pointed
over the city of Matamoros, was an insult upon
Mexico. Now, I will ask the honorable gentle-
man to say, if the posting of three thousand troops
on our own side of the river was an insult to Mexi-
co, what was the posting of eight thousand by
Mexico on the other side ? "Was it an insult to the
United States ? When gentlemen talk about our
insulting Mexico, I would say to them, "firatcast
the beam out of thine own eye, and then shalt thou
see clearly to cast out the mote out of thy brother's
eye." If the generals in the Mexican service had
no intention of obeying the orders they had
received to advance into Texas, why were they
mustering forces on the Rio Grande ? Arista and
Ampudia were on that river before General Tay-
lor ever reached it. A part of them actually came
over and attacked our forces; but they waited, like
cowards, till General Taylor had left his camp,
and then fell upon him with his forces divided;
and promising themselves an easy victory, hoped
to " cover themselves with glory." But they were
disappointed, and were signally defeated, and re-
ceived a chastisement which they were not likely
soon to forget.
I desire these things may be duly considered be-
fore gentlemen assert we had no sufficient cause of
■ war against Mexico. Prom the beginning, the
United States have acted towards these perfidious
neighbors with moderation, magnanimity, and kind-
ness. We have not brought on the war. No, sir;
it was the stubborn folly of Mexico which brought '
on this war. I am not in favor of" masterly in-
activity," under provocations and injuries like j
these. I am for prosecuting the war with activity |
and vigor—for pushing our attacks upon all her !
strongholds, and cutting offher resources on every ]
side, until she is brought to her senses. If she '
ask for peace, I would give it her—and on the fair- :
est and most liberal terms. * !
Having thus briefly disposed of the topics im-
mediately connected with the origin and conduct
of the war, I will now ask the attention of the com-
mittee to another, and that in relation to which I
principally desired to speak-—I mean what has
been ordinarily called " the "Wilmot Proviso."
There appeared to be some difficulty as to the
actual paternity of this rickety bantling. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] was, by
common consent, its reputed father; but as others
have put in their claim, I fear, after all, it will
prove like some of those unfortunates known in
the law as filii nullms, who had no father or friend
to own them. It seemed hard to tell whose child
it was. When the gentleman from Ohio thought
he could put him to work at home, and make some
political capital, he claimed the paternity; but when
he looked at the horrid deformity of the bantling,
he endeavored to find for ita father a long way oif,
and laid to Mr. Jefferson this hideous offspring of
fanaticism and cupidity.
In the remarks I shall make on this proviso, T
do not intend to be personal. But gentlemen had
talked about slavery as a sin that cried to Heaven
for vengeance, not only on the actual perpetrators
of the enormity, but on our whole country. I shall
talk of their amendment in the same style of can-
dor and of freedom; and while I expose the defor-
mity of the offspring, I hope no gentleman will
understand me as having called any particular gen-
tleman the father of it.
From the noise made in some of the public pa-
pers last fall, and the lavish encomiums heaped on
the gentleman who had offered this proviso, per-
haps the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wil-
mot] might feel proud of the paternity thus ascribed
to him; but I greatly fear that the gentleman's
fatherly feelings may be not a little affected, when
he finds so many contesting the right with him.
How sad, while he had the babe dandling on his
knee, in the fond belief that it was his own living
image, to find this and that man claiming at least
some right m it; and when he at length admitted
the suspicion, that many together had been con-
cerned in its paternity, it was more than possible
he nyght turn this child of many fathers into the
highway, and thrust it from his doors. This gen-
tleman, however, had not gone quite so far as some
of his associates in consigning the whole South to
endless perdition as slaveholders.
The" gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Brinkerhoff]
was dreadfully alarmed for the coming fate of this
country. Oh, yes! he was horribly afraid lest all
slaveholders, together with the slaveholding States,
ay, and the Union, too, should be damned to all
eternity—here and hereafter.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Rathbun]
concurred fully with his friend in sending the whole
concern to the same eternal flames. He told the
-committee that he never—no, never—could toler-
ate the extension of slavery over one other inch of
the territory of this Union ! But he added, that if
the South would agree that, in estimating the ratio
of representation, the slaves should not be counted
in those territories, the people of the South might
go there and welcome, slaves and all. Ah ! there
was the rub: political power—the power of the
South in Congress! Here the cloven foot peeped
out, and was for a moment distinctly seen. It was
not, then, the damning sin of slavery that the gen-
tlemen could not tolerate—it was not the national
sin, the State sin, the individual sin, of owning
slaves, which called down the anathemas of those
gentlemen and the vengeance of Heaven: oh, no,
sir! it was the potential power thus acquired by
another part of the Union that roused the holy
indignation of the sainted gentleman from New
York, " ct id omni genus,1' against the enormity of
slavery.'' -
Then followed another gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wood;] a gentleman of eminent char-
ity and well-known piety—a deacon, I believe, in
the Church—one who not only learned himself, but
who taught others. He, too, was filled with holy
indignation in contemplating the damning sin of the
southern States; and, like his friend and colleague,
he anticipated nothing for them but an eternity of
wo, and for the country utter ruin and desolation.
That gentleman said he should appeal to no gieat
names—the Word of God was his rule: and when
he wanted to know what the Word of God said,
i he went to the Word of God itself (" I thank thee
! for that word") to settle all questions of social and
j individual morals. To the Word ofGod, then, the
' gentleman had made the appeal, and there I will
meet him, and invite his attention to the law and
to the testimony.
In this appeal to the highest authority, I also
ask the attention of the committee, and more par-
ticularly of the reverend gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts on my right, [Mr. Hudson,*] who was
trying to get the floor, and I challenge him, and all
of those who united in his abolition sentiments, to
produce one verse, line, or word, in this Holy
Book, against the institution of slavery as a sin,
either individual or national. But I shall not con-
tent myself with negative proof. I will show from
the Bible that the "institution was positively or-
- dained of God, under the Mosaic Dispensation
and was recognised by Christ and his Apostles in
the New Testament. I know very well that some
i gentlemen are wise above what is written. I
I have read m the history of New England, that at !
i one time the people of Connecticut, in the early j
; period of that colony, met and solemnly resolved
j that they would have the law of God for their rule, I
! " till they could make a better;" and a gentleman :
' from that State had told me that having tried hard ]
| to make a better law, they had at length come to j
j theconclusion they had best be satisfied with God's
i laws. I hope these gentlemen are of the same
i mind. I hope they will shake off the hold which
the infernal fangs of fanaticism had gotten upon
their minds, and be content, in simplicity and hu- I
mility to betake themselves to the Bible. I am .
aware that there are men who never read that
book, or, if they read it at all, they make the read-
ino-ofit a mere matter of form and ceremony; while
others consult it only with the purpose of confirm-
ing their own preconceived opinions. My idea of j
a rio-ht study of the Bible is, that men should come j
to it with minds like a sheet of white paper—ready j
to receive truth, whatever it may cost, and dili- |
gently to study it at the foot of the Cross.
•  Mr. II. is understood to be a preacher. !
I will now invite your attention (and particu-
larly that of the pious gentleman from New York)
[Mr. "Wood] to the 20th chapter of Deuteronomy,
verses 10 to 14:
" 10. When tliou comest nigh unto a eity to fight agains t
it, then proclaim peace unto it.
" 11. And it shall be, if it make thee answer of peace, an d
open, unto thee, then it shall be that all the people that is
found therein shall be tributaries unto thee, and they ghaii
serve thee.
" 12. And if it will make no peace with thee, but will
make war against thee, then thou shalt besiege it.
" 13. And when the Lord thy God hath delivered it into
thine hands, thou shalt smite every male thereof with the
ed$e of the sword.
" 14. J3ut the women, and the little ones, and the cattle,
and all that is in the city, even all the spoil thereof shal t
thou take unto thyself; and thou shalt 6at the spoils of thine
enemies, which the Lord thy God hath given thee."
1 now ask the worthy gentleman who has ap-
pealed to the law and to the testimony, whether he
is ready'to abide by this testimony ? Or is he, like
the people of Connecticut, willing to abide by it
only till he can make better ? Here was one mode
appointed of God for the making of slaves. I will
now read the gentleman another from Leviticus,
chapter 25, verses 39 to 46:
« 39. And if thy brother that dwelleth by thee be waxen
poor and be sold unto thee, thou shalt not compel him to
serve as a bond-servant:
" 40. But ah an hired servant, and as a sojourner, he shall
be with thee, and shall serve ihee until the year of jubilee :
'•'41. And then shall he depart from thee, both he and -
his children with him, and shall return unto his own
family, and unto the possession of bis fathers shall he re-
turn.
" 49. For thev are my servants, which I brought forth ou
of the land of Eaypt: they shall not be sold as bondmen.
" 43 Thou shalt not rule over him with rigor, but shalt
fear thy God.
"44. Both thy bondmen, and thy bondmaids, which thou
shalt have, shall be of the heathen that are rdund about you;
of them shall you buy bondmen and bondmaids.
"45. Moreover, of the children of the strangers that do
sojourn among you, of them shall ye buy, and of their fami-
lies that are with you, which they begat in your land: and
they ■'hall be yojir possession.
"46. And ye shall take them as an lnbeutance for your
children after you, to mhent them for a possession; they
shall be your bondmen foiever: but over your brethren, the
children of Israel, ye shall not rule one over another with
ligor."
These gentlemen, far too wise and too humane
to learn of the Bible, hold that no man could have
any property or ownership in another man. Yet
here the God of Heaven, who was the Supreme
Judge, the Giver of every good and perfect gift,
and the only author and source of ownership, put
these bondmen and bondmaids on a level with the
cattle of the Israelites. Here, under the Divine
authority men were to be made slaves in two dif-
ferent ways—by capture in war, and by purchase
from their parents.
But gentlemen would say, " Ah, this was under
the law of Moses." Well, did God ordain sin by
Moses > Let gentlemen answer the question. The
law of Moses: well, and was not the Decalogue
part of the law of Moses? Do gentlemen deny
the binding authority of the commandments?
But I may be told that a milder, a more benign
system was promulgated by Christ and his Apos-
tles. Admitting this, I call on those gentlemen to
point to one word or sentence spoken by Christ or
his Apostles against the institution of slavery—
against the relation of master and slave. Could
any one of them lay his finger on a chapter, a
verse, a line, or even a word, in the New Testa-
ment, which contained a denunciation against a
master for holding: a slave, or authorizing the slave
to rebel or run away from his master? If they
can, let them do it. Christ was surrounded by
slaves and slavery, both Roman and Jewish As
the great Teacher of truth and morality, He de-
nounced sin in alt its forms, not only in general,
but in detail, and his Apostles still more in detail.
He exposed and condemned all sins, even those of
the heart; and yet He left this crying iniquity m
full operation all round Him, wherever He went,
without uttering one word against it! Let gentle-
men look at the fact. Deny it they cannot; and it
spoke volumes to prove that slavery was not, in
itself, sinful in the sight of God; though, like ev-
ery other relation in society, it might be abused
into sin of the most heinous kind.
But as I promised, I shall not content myself
with urging this most expressive silencc. I will
go on to adduce from the same sacred source pos-
itive evidence that the relation was recognised,
sanctioned, and expressly provided for, as a per-
manent social relation of men. The same Divine
