362
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The WUmoi Proviso—Mr. Seaborn Jones.
Ho. of Reps.
Authority which, tinder the Mosaic dispensation,
had provided for the institution itself, in the New
Testament laid down rules and regulations to gov-
ern the conduct of both master and slave, and to
protect the slave from unkindness and cruelty.
I am not so great a fool as to suppose that any-
thing written in this Book is going to change the
opinion of bigoted fanatics, or alter the vote of any
man in this House. As was once said by a Scot-
tish lord, I may, by proof and demonstration,
change the opinion of noble lords, but not their
votes. I do not expect them to acknowledge I
have changed even their opinions. But I mean to
• strip off the lion skin with which they would cover
themselves; I mean to disrobe this hideous off-
spring of cupidity and fanaticism of the mantle of j
religion, and expose it In all its native hypocrisy
and deformity. j
Mr. WOOD here observed that he was neither i
a deacon nor a class-leader in the church. His re-j
marks had been merely responding to what had !
been said by the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. |
Dargan] and the gentleman from South Carolina., I
[Mr. Sims.] In reply to them, he had merely said j
that the spirit and general teachings of Christian-1
ity were opposed to the institution of slavery. j
Mr. JONES. The gentleman is a Christian* I I
hope, and professes to believe the law and. the tes-
timony to which he has appealed. I am merely
meeting him there; and I mean to nail him down
to the authority which he has selected, and to which
he has made his public appeal.
Mr. WOOD said he had merely contended for
the principles of Christianity as they were laid
down in the New Testament.
Mr. JONES. And what are they? General pre-
cepts—such as, tS Do unto others as ye would that
they should do unto you." These are very good.
Can he contend for a general precept against a
positive enactment? Slavery was in the houses
where Christ was; it was before his eyes everyday;
and he was eminently a practical teacher; he it was
who laid down the general precepts quoted: yet he
said not a word about emancipating their slaves.
This would have been the very first word that
would fly out of the mouth of one of our modern
abolition philanthropists. Christ was silent. He
did not condemn it. " Do unto others as ye would
that they should do unto you." When that
gentleman saw the poor paralytic beggar on the
avenue, did he, or any of his humane friends, take
hmi home and wash and clothe and feed him?
No; they felt no care or compassion for the beggar;
lie was a white man; he was not a southern slave:
but they could shed salt tears over the negro slave,
(fal, and plump, and well-fed, and much more con-
tented than the beggar was,) and prophesy the
vengeance of God on his master.
i>ut I have not done with these law and testi-
mony gentlemen; I mean to hold up to them "the
law and the testimony" from the New Testament.
I have before me numerous jeferences; bat I have
tunc to read only two. The first is 1 Pet. 2: 18-21:
" 1$. Savants foe subject to }our masters with all feai;
not only to the <jood and gentle but to the fro ward.
" 19 Fl i tliia is thought w orthy, jf a m<tn lot conscience
toward God endure gnef suffering wiow?fully. I
"20. For what glory i<i jt, if when ye be buffeted for your I
faults, yc shall take it patiently/ liut it' when ye, do Veil !
and fcu/Tcrn, ye take it \>aucntly, tint* is acceptable with j
God. f
u'-21. For even hereunto wete yc called; because Christ >
also sufturrd foi us, leaving as an example, that ye should |
follow hi$ <stppg." * I
Here was one testimony. I will give the gen- ■
tleman a stronger one. still. Those gentlemen who j
talked about slavery being a violation of God's j
law, I ask to read 1 Tim. chap. 6. !
II L Let as manv servants as are under the yoke count \
<Mvn meters, worthy of all honor that the name of God !
and ins doc trine be not blasphemed. j
"2 And thevthat have believing masters Jet them nm
despite them, h-;catu'e they are brethren,but rather do them !i
&emee, because clicv me faithful and beloved partakers ofi]
the b.'iiefit TIu'no thinffs teach and exhort." j1
" Tiie.se things teach and exhort." Well : but !i
if any man should Je^ch just t he contrary? If he ^
should tell the slave to cut his master's throat, or
to run off through Ohio to Canada, and steal as he
went, what then ?
•4 3 If any man teach otherwise, and consent not to whole-
some uojvK, even the words of out .Lord CJiflsl. and ,,
to the dontrwu which is according to podhness. !;
-I. Ho Is? proud, knowing nothing, but doting about qu<^- j
tionss and  mies of words, wheiuof cometh envy, strife, rail- j1
mgs, evil surmisings, If
" 5. Perverse di^putings of men of corrupt minds and des-
titute of the truth, supposing that gam is godliness. From
such withdraw thj'self." *
No quotations from Scripture will probably have
any effect on them; but others of those who^sup-
port it, clothed in the mantle of religion, they have
asserted that slavery was sin, and they had ap-
pealed to the law and to the testimony. I said,
and I have proved from the word of God, it is no
crime, but was an ordinance of God. If it wau an
evil, it was a necessary evil. Yes: from just such
teachings come envy, strife, railings, evil surmi-
sings, andperversedisputings,from men who count
political "gain to he godliness.99
I now ask those gentlemen and the committee to
to take this testimony from the mouth of Paul,
Christ's inspired apostle, speaking by inspiration,
authoritatively delivering '4 the words of our Lord j
Jesus Christ." Taken in connexion with what j
the committee have witnessed on this occasion,
were not the words prophetic ? Had not the gen-
tleman from "New York [Mr. Uathbun] disclosed
the true motives which animated his zeal for this
" Wilmot proviso?" Had he not admitted that
all his u godliness" was the a gain1' of political
power?
But when the gentleman found in what direction
his very frank declaration was working, and that
he should in a minute have some southern man
jumping upon his admission, he very meekly, and
very prudently, and just in time, said that 44he
spoke only for himself.5' ^
I know that some gentlemen who support this
proviso make no pretensions to Christianity. But
it was no evil, if evil be sin. It was certainly a
misfortune—and so was poverty—but it was no
crime. God ordained it among his own people,
and it had existed ever since the world began. The
curse was uttered by inspiration of God, through
the lips of the patriarch Isaac, on his elder son,
that he should serve the younger. And it had
long; before been uttered by Noah upon the seed
of Canaan. In both cases it was uttered under the
; inspiration of the Spirit of God, and the history of
the world has been a fulfilment of the prophecy.
I have shown that express provision was made
under the Jewish dispensation for the making of
slaves out of captives, and by purchase, and for
the manner of ruling over them. And in the days
of Christ, Rome, Judea, and Asia Minor, were full
of slavery m its wovst forms, where the masters
had the power of life and death over their slaves,
i in comparison to which that which exists in the
j southern States is liberty itself. Yet, Christ ut-
i tered not a word against the relation. And he
| tausrht us "not to be learned above what was writ-
* ten."
i Mr. WOOD here said that he lived neither
j under a Jewish nor a heathen dispensation. The
j Mosaic dispensation allowed of polygamy as well
! as of a modified slavery. He would thank the
j gentleman to say if he contended polygamy was
right ? And to read the 7th verse of the 24th chap-
■ ter of Deuteronomy.
j Mr. JONES. "1 will wait till the gentleman
I reads it, if he wishes.
No, sir, I do not; and I thank the gentleman
! "for the word." Jt is true that polygamy was
allowed under the Jewish dispensation. But this
1 aJ/usion to polygamy has not weakened but given
! strength to my argument; for in that respect Christ
1 altered the law and practice, commanding that a
| Christian man should have but "oneioife;*1 and he
' gave no command that a Christian should not own
'slaves. He abolished polygamy; but he suffered
slavery to remain. My position is this: that all
in the Jewish dispensation which was interdicted
in the Christian, was no longer valid; but every
institution of a divine origin which was not ex-
pressly prohibited, remained. I defy the most
acute theologian to disprove that proposition.
The gentleman from New York has quoted gen-
eral principles and general precepts. I have ex-
hibited to him special commands; and now I«will
give him an example. A rich young man once
h The 7th verso of the 24th chapter of Deuteronomy reads :
" IT a man be found any of his brethren of the
children of israi'I. and maketh nu'rchandjsp of him or ?#>/-
feth him, then thnt tmef shall die, and thou shalt put evil
uwuv from among yon."
What application has thin? The stealing, and not sla-
very, is punished; for the Jaw expressly says, *< then that
thief shall die." J
j came to Christ inquiring what he must do to have
| eternal life. The Saviour (old him to keep the
i commandments. The young man rephetfc " AH
j these have I kept from my youth up." Jesus
| then said to him; " Go self all thou hast, and give .
| to the poor, and come and follow me."
| I would ask the gentleman from New York*
; [Mr. Wood,] if he is ready to do this ? Why did '
i not the Divine Master tell this young man go man-
! uniit your slaves, and come follow me. [A voice:
: How do you know he had any slaves'] Slaves
! constituted a large part of the wealth of rich men
in that country, and most men who were able did
I own slaves. He was very rich, and most proba-
bly did own them. He prided himself on his
wealth, (as some men do on their Christian char-
>' acter,) and " he went away sorrowful, for he had
' great possessions.''
Mr. GRO VER here said he was ordered to ^ive
| to the poor. The slaves were the pooiest, and if he
I gave them their freedom, he gave them the best
1 thing he could.
; Mr. JONES. A poor quibble. Hedidnotsay
manumit all your slaves—he said " sell all that thou
hast:" of course slaves were included in the word
all. The law of Moses said, "Go and buy;" the
Gospel said, "Go and sell." I will not read the
other quotations I have noted down, but will give
gentlemen a memorandum of them: Eph. 6, 6;
1 Cor. 7, 90; Thes. 3, 32; Titus % 9.
So much for principles and precepts. Now let us
see how those precepts were enforced by the exam-
pie of the Apostles. A young slave, named Onesi-
mus, ran away from his master Philemon, and
followed St. Paul—-taking him, perhaps, for a fa-
natical Abolitionist, and supposing that he would, •
like some of the fraternity in the northern and
western States, steal and carry him away and hide
him. But what did St. Paul do? " Run" him off
into some foreign country—start him over the line?
No, sir. The same law that ordained slavery also
declared, "Thou shalt not steal;" and though he
was very useful to him, yet he sent him back to his
master, and wrote him, that by his conversion to
Christianity, he had been made a better servant.
Where, then, was all this fuss that gentlemen
made about the iniquity of slavery, and its bring-
{ ing down eternal curses on our land ? It was
j wholly unsupported by the Bible. But men had
I found out a new doctrine; and laying aside the
| Divine ordinances and commands, they went on
I general principles alone. They made the Apostles
I little better than fools. Why did they not reprove
I this crime, if crime it was ? Did they fear to speak
I truth, in any place, to any human being? No.
' They told Herod on his throne, it was not lawful
j for him to have his brother's wife. They stood
I unappalled before governors and kings. Yet they
I said not one word against slavery. Away with
I this newfangled stuff, which discards the positive
j precepts and institutions of the Bible, and relies
i on general principles alone.
| Having examined the criminality of this insti-
1 tution, I now will inquire into its policy, and com-
: pare the condition of the slaves of the southern
| States with that of the free blacks at the North—
1 ay, and with that of the poor whites too. Were
' not the slaves at the South better fed and clothed
and more comfortable and happy than the free
; blacks at the North ? No man who has any regard
j for truth, and has any knowledge of the subject,
1 will deny this. It is the interest of the master to
I feed and clothe them well; to take care of them in
j sickness, and administer to their comfort and
health. When young, and incapable of procuring
!! subsistence, they are supplied with proper food
and clothing. When old age has rendered them
unable, they are still supplied. If their masters
are inhuman, and unwilling to take care of them,
the law protects them, and compels their subsist-
ence. The gentleman from New York [iVlr.
Wood] e;ave us a graphic description of a scene
!, witnessed by him in thus city—a master carrying
lj along by force a female slave, who had run away
I; from him, and whom he had arrested. And lie
ij was hoiror-struck that the master had the cruelty
j to administer blows, and drag her alon«r. In
f' all probability, but for the agitation of thix ques-
j' tiorj in the free States, and the influence sought
j! to be exercised over this class of our popuia-
' tion, that woman would have been contented and
iiappy in her situation—would have been a faith-
