364
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
29th< Cong 2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Washington Hunt
Ho. of Reps.
seems only to be thought of as an obsolete virtue.
To raise the question of right, is viewed, if not as
is moral treason," a.s a weakness of conscience,
since we have the power to take what we desire.
His own views might appear singular to some
gentlemen, but he confessed he felt a painful con-
viction, that, in putting forth our military power
to despoil a neighboring republic, our Government
has placed itself in a very doubtful, not to say
humiliating attitude, before the world. It is a page
of our history which will cause many an honest
American to blush for his country. The effect of
military conquest upon our frame of Government:
its tendency to disturb the balances of the Consti-
tution; to augment and strengthen the Executive
power, that fruitful source of corruption and in-
trigue; its repugnance to the genius and spirit of
our political system; these and kindred considera-
tions, are worthy of profound and anxious deliber-
ation. But he would not attempt, on the present
occasion, to discuss that branch of the subject.
Mr. H. considered the policy of the Adminis-
tration extremely mischievous in another point of
view. We are in a war. On all sides we hear
professions of an earnest desire for peace. Yet, a
policy is pursued which is calculated to make the
war interminable. To him it .seemed idle to ex-
pect a restoration of peace whilst we insist on
holding, as a permanent acquisition, a large por-
tion of the territory of Mexico. Territory is
made a preliminary condition, as the beginning and
end, and only basis of negotiation. No nation on
earth can submit to it without deep disgrace and
degradation. Mexico may be compelled to sur-
render all that we demand, but he feared it would
first be necessary to subjugate the country by an
appalling expenditure of l^feand treasure.
If, however, all these considerations are entitled I
to no weight, there remains another, which ought i
to have restrained the Administration from its new
and perilous career. They ought to have foreseen
that great sectional stYuggle whichhas now begun.
It was the necessary and obvious result of their
territorial policy. Nothing short of absolute blind-
ness or desperation could have failed to discern the
coming storm. If true patriotism had animated
the executive councils, if ordinary wisdom and
prudence had governed the conduct of affairs, how
easily this sectional conflict might have been avoid-
ed. But it seemed as if u madness ruled rhe hour."
Our Chief Magistrate—to whose hands the people,
in an evil hour, committed the safety of the Union,
and whose first duty it was to cherish those senti-
ments of national concord which bind together the
different sections of our common country, recreant
to that sacred trust—has plunged into a wild carcer
of aggression and rapacity, and shown himself
regardless of our revolutionary inheritance, in his
infatuated pursuit of glory and foreign conquest.
The Executive is apparentlyunmoved even now,
when the voice of disunion is daily sounded in his
ears from the halls of Congress. His policy has
brought the North and the South into fearful col-
lision, on a question which admits of no compro-
mise. Mr. H. said he deplored these sectional
divisions and jealousies. He had always cherished,
and hoped he might ever be animated by an en-
larged national spirit, which discards geographical
lines, and embraces the Union in all its broad ex-
panse. He and those he represented were satis-
fied with the Union as it is, and desired to see the
Government administered in the true spirit of the
Constitution for the common benefit and protec-
tion of all sections. Would to God our executive
agents had contented themselves with the honest
discharge of their legitimate functions, instead of
prosecuting schemes of conquest, which of neces-
sity roused into action new and angry elements of
discord between the two great divisions of the
country.
Mr. H. said it was not his purpose to enter
upon a discussion of slavery in the abstract. He
would not attempt to follow in the track of the
reverend gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Seaborn
Jones,] who had just appeared before the House
in s'o extraordinary a character. He always un-
derstood that gentleman was distinguished at the
bar of his State for legal skill and acumen, and that
he had acquired much celebrity as a successful
pleader, especially in the defence of criminals. His
efforts here have been worthy of his professional
fame. But to-day he has assumed the new quality
of a religious expositor. Instead of a speechrhe
has given us a homily. With the Bible in his
hand, he has assailed us with scriptural quotations,
and undertaken the pious office of proving that
slavery is partof the Christian dispensation. ^Vhile
listening to his religious inculcations, I was re-
minded of the casuistry which was formerly em-
ployed with so much success to maintain the di-
vine right of kings, and to enforce the doctrine of
passive obedience to arbitrary power. This is not
the first time that Holy Writ has been perverted
from its true spirit and meaning. History abounds
in examples that illustrate the facility with which
the purest precepts of Revelation m^y be brought,
by art of interpretation, to sustain tyranny and
deprive mankind of their dearest rights.
[At this point in Mr. Hunt's speech, the-ven-
erable figure of the honorable John &uincy Ad-
ams was perceived entering the central door of the
Hall. The eyes of the members and of the spec-
tators in the gallery were instantly drawn to him,
and Mr. Holmes of South Carolina, and Mr.
Moseley of New York, approached and conducted
him respectfully to the seat he had occupied on the
floor during the last and many previous sessions.
The members rose in their places. The seat had
been temporarily occupied by Mr. Andrew John-
son, of Tennessee, who, by a late rule of the
House, was entitled to hold it, as he had selected
it, on the drawing of his name, from seats remain-
ing vacant. But he immediately rose, and prompt-
ly surrendering the seat, reminded the House that
when he selected that seat, he had declared that
the moment its former venerable occupant should
appear, he would instantly give it up. He now
did so. with great pleasure, and expressed his grat-
: ification at seeing Mr. Adams once more, and con-
gratulated him on having been spared to reoccupy
his placc in that Hall.
Mr. Adams was soon surrounded by his friends,
who clustered round him, tendering their congratu-
lations and welcomes.
He expressed his thanks (in a feeble voice) for
the kind manner in which he had been received by
gentlemen of all parties.
Mr. HUNT, who had suspended hig remarks
during this interesting scene, now resumed; but
said, that before he proceeded, he hoped he might
! be permitted to express the lively emotions of
ji pleasure he experienced at the reappearance of his
jj venerable friend, and his sincere satisfaction at the
Ii general expression of respect and veneration by
;i which the House hnd greeted him. It was an as-
surance to that gentleman of that general homage
which was paid to his name by the people of the
United States, whatever might be their political
distinctions or party predilections.]
But to resume: The effort of the honorable gen-
tleman from Georgia was at least calculated to re-
mind one of a familiar quotation—
" Ho stole the itvery ot the Court of Heaven
'To serve the devil in."
He intended no personal reflection upon the gen-
tleman or his motives. But he must say, that he
regretted the attempt which had been made to throw
the holy sanctions of religion over a system of ser-
vitude which can be defended only by arguments
drawn from necessity or mere human expediency.
He considered this mode of argument, on such a
subject, repugnant alike to correct taste and sound
leasoning.
Mr. Chairman, the real question now presented
is, whether slavery shall be ingrafted upon free ter-
ritory, by the action of the General Government?
Shall the national force and treasure be employed
to enlarge and extend the area of slavery ? Till
within a recent period, the southern people have
contended that slavery is a domestic institution of
the States where it exists; that it belongs to their
own exclusive legislation and control; and that
>1 Congress has no constitutional power over the
subject.
Formerly they planted themselves upon the im-
pregnable grounds of the- Constitution. They
insisted that any exercise of the Federal power
;• respecting slavery was an invasion of the reserved
j] rights of the States, and they proclaimed, year
i after year, that any agitation of the question here
| would produce a disseverance of the Union. The
j. North acquiesced in your construction of the con-
I stitutional compact. We declared our readiness
I to abide by the Constitution, and to observe all its
compromises with religious fidelity. We have
uniformly disclaimed any desire or purpose to in-
terfere with slavery in the States where it is estab-
lished. It is true that extreme opinions have been
advanced by individuals in both sections, but the
northern people have never sought or desired any
exercise of power by the General Government
inconsistent with the rights of the southern States.
It is not our fault that the Government has inter-
fered with the question of slavery. Southern
policy produced adeparture from the broad ground
of neutrality and non-interference. Itis now about
three years since the doctrine was distinctly put
forth on this floor, for the first time, that the pro-
tection and support of slavery, and even its exten-
sion by annexation of foreign territory, were
objects falling within the rightful power and juris-
diction of Congress. I remember it well. The
principle was first avowed by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] in the opening
scene of that great struggle which resulted in the
annexation of Texas. I denounced the doctrine
then; I have resisted it, unsuccessfully, at every
stage of its progress; I will resist it now and ever,
while^Idiave the power to raise my voice, how-
ever feeble, against it.
This new pretension of the South triumphed in
the introduction of Texas. But it was a costly
triumph. It was won by the surrender of that
great constitutional principle under which the
slaveholding States had claimed immunity and
found safety and repose. The South threw away
her shield when she proclaimed the extension of
slavery to be a proper object and purpose for the
exercise of Federal power. Then she descended
from the intrenchments of the Constitution, and
brought this question of slavery into the open field.
: It is here to-day, in consequence of the new policy
| adopted by its friends, and forced upon the Gov-
| ernment by the aid of partisan allies in the free
States. The question is here, and must be met.
For one, I am ready to meet it firmly and fear-
lessly; yet, I trust, in a spirit of national fraternity
and kindness, uninfluenced by sectional feeling or
prejudice.
It would be idle to disguise that a wide differ-
ence of sentiment exists, and has always existed,
between the northern and southern States on the
subject of slavery. In the North our people are
opposed to it on the highest grounds of principle,
apart from all questions of expediency. They
! consider it unjust, oppressive, and violative of the
i inherent, inalienable right of personal liberty,
i They regard it, in every aspect, as a moral and
I political evil. Whilst this sentiment pervades the
; free States, we would indulge in no unkind re-
proaches upon the States where slavery exists.
| You of the present day are not responsible for its
j existence. It is part of that social system which
j you received from the past; and we appreeiate-the
j difficulty of disturbing relations so closely inter-
s woven with the very fiamework of society. I
' have always seen and admitted the obstacles m the
, j way of emancipation, and have uniformly contend-
ed that neither the free States nor this Govern-
i ment, have any rightful power over it.
! The question must he left to the communities
, more directly concerned; each deciding and acting
j exclusively for itself. Not more from necessity
] than from inclination would we leave the States of
j the South to regulate theirinternal condition, and,
| under the guidance of Providence, to solve their
! own ultimate destiny. In a spirit of fraternal kmd-
ness we would maintain those States in the enjoy-
j ment of every constitutional right.
! But here we stop. Slavery having been extend-
lj ed over the Louisiana and Florida purchase, and
i finally over Texas, the free States have pronoun-
J ced "thus far and no farther!" We insist that this
: common Government of ours shall not be employ-
• ed to spread slavery over territory now free; that
; human bondage shall not be carried into other
| lands under our national flag; and that our armies
, shall not go forth, under the colors of freedom, as
i, the propagandists of slavery. That, sir, is the lofty
;; attitude and the unalterable purpose of the North",
j; In this there is no abolitionism to justify the inces-
I, sant denunciations that have been heard. Gentle-
j; men seem to deceive themselves by neglecting a
|l distinction too obvious to be overlooked. We aim
[j not to abolish but to preserve. Where slavery ex-
II ists,weleaveituntouched; where freedom prevails,
