1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong -2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Washington Hunt.
Ho. of Reps.
we demand that you shall not abolish it. While
gentlemen denounce the abolition of slavery as
treasonable and criminal, I hope they will indulge
us if we protest against the abolition of freedom in
California, New Mexico, and Chihuahua.
Mr. H. here expressed his surprise at the re-
markable language of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll.] In speaking of
the opposition to slavery and its extension, which
exists in the northern States, he said it was " a
mere sentiment held by men without reason and j
without argument—nothing but a sentiment, and
not a very wholesome sentiment either." It is
difficult to characterize an expression like this
coming from the representative of a free State,
without transcending the limits of parliamentary
order. " A sentiment!" Yes,sir, " asentiment."
It is a sentiment which the Almighty has implanted j
deeply in the human breast, and no earthly power j
can eradicate it. It may be insulted and overborne ;
and trampled in the earth, but, thank God, it can :
never be extinguished. The fires of martyrdom
have been kindled* often to subdue it, but in vain;
it has seemed to expire on many a battlefield, but
only to revive with new.energy and beauty It is jj
the spirit of liberty which is inherent in the soul !|
of man. ft is the sentiment which has inspired .!
the friends of freedom in every age. Why, sir, u
it was " a sentiment'' which impelled the Pilgrims j
to encounter the perils of the ocean, and the priva-,
tions of a life in the wilderness, to establish free- ]
dom of conscience and secure civil liberty for i
themselves and their posterity. The American
Revolution was the offspring of a sentiment; the
right of man to self-government is a sentiment.
Let the gentleman sneer: it is a sentiment as eter-
nal as the throne of Divine Justice from which it
emanates. It may never warm the breast of that
gentleman; he may speak of it in tones of levity
and ridicule; but fortunately a general truth is not
weakened by individual exceptions.
Mr. H. proceeded to say that the Missouri com-
promise seemed to furnish one of the grounds most
relied on to defeat the Wilmot proviso. We are
constantly invited to abide by the compromise line.
In answer to this, he would say the North has
abided by that compromise, and will faithfully ob-
serve it. But what was the Missouri compromise?
It fixed the line of 36° 30' as the division between
free and slave States to be formed of the territory
then belonging to the United States. It was a com-
pact relating only to the territory then held, and
must be governed, like all compacts, by cotempo-
raneous facts and history. This compromise was
based upon our boundaries'as then fixed. At that
time, no farther extension of limits was contem-
plated; and certainly no man could have dreamed
that this attempt would be made to carry slavery
into free territory. The Missouri compromise has
been fully executed by the North. Have we ac-
quired any territory north of that line, or disturbed
slavery south of it? No, sir. But to the South
we have given Texas, containing four slave States.
With this you ought to be content. I am remind-jj
ed that the Missouri compromise was recognised jj
in the annexation of Texas. I am aware that a :[
clause was placed in the joint resolution declaring j
that slavery shall not be permitted north of 36° 30'. ]j
But this was a mere device, intended to enable j|
northern representatives, after betraying their con- ■:
stituents,to amuse them with appearances. #t was
well known that Texas did not extend to that line. jj
and including all New Mexico east of the Rio j|
Grande, you have but a spot of ground north of ;j
36° 30', mostly worthless, and wholly insufficient jj
for a State. CJnder the color of a concession, it
was in fact a fraud upon the North, and an insult ;;
to the public intelligence. He considered the whole ,i
argument founded on this compromise line as ap- [;
plicable to all future acquisitions of territory, so un- ;<
sound and fallacious as scarcely to merit a serious \ \
refutation. j1
We are told, however, that the exclusion of,,
slavery in the territory to be acquired from Mexi- j
co is unjust to the South, on general principles— !
that it is an infringement of her rights, and a vio- j
lation of the Constitution. He must be permitted J
to dispute the justice of this position. With what
right of the South does the proviso propose to in- j:
terfere? It leaves slavery untouched in every State j
where it exists. In principle, it is essentially con- ;!
servutive. The holders of slaves are unaffected by ^
it, and have no right to complain. He felt confi-
dent that that considerable portion of the southern
people who hold no slaves will not complain.
The attempt to establish slavery by the power
of the Federal Government on free territory, ex-
hibits the country in a most remarkable light.
Congress, by its laws, has declared the slave trade
to be piracy, and the importation of slaves is
punished as a capital offence. We expend a large
sum annually to maintain a naval foice on the
coast of Africa, to suppress that abominable traffic.
The whole country, north and south, have sus-
tained this humane and benificent policy. Upon
what reasoning, then, by what right, moral or po-
litical , can we rob Mexico of free territory to extend
the area of slavery, and furnish a nevv market for
slave labor? If it is criminal to steal Africans and
reduce them to bondage, is it in accordance with
the principles of humanity and religion to seize
foreign territory for the purpose of planting negro
slavery upon it?
Aside from all other considerations, Mr. H. said
there were political reasons which constrained the
northern people to resist the increase of slave States
by further acquisitions of territory. On the sub-
ject of representation, great concessions were made
to the southern States in the formation of the Con-
stitution. We are content with this constitutional
compromise, and have submitted to the inequality
without a murmur. But we will never consent to
increase this inequality by giving a slave repre-
sentation to new States on the Pacific. The ob-
jection applies with still more force to the represent-
ation in the Senate. In that controlling branch of
the Government, all tlve States, large and small,
are equally represented. In assenting to that ad-
justment of power, the large States were influenced
by a disinterested spirit of compromise. But the
further extension of this principle, by creating
new States from conquered territory, would be an
utter subversion of the compact. The rapid mul-
tiplication of States from newly-acquired territory
has given to the South a controlling power in the
Senate. It is a proccss which fetters the majority,
and threatens to subject two-thirds to the will of
one-third of the American people. The introduc-
tion of slavery in the proposed territory will but
widen the existing disparity between the northern
and southern sections in respect to the population
of States. Tt is a region which he believed to be
incapable of sustaining a dense population, under
the most favorable circumstances, and he did not
wish to see it in the Union either as free or slave
States. He desired never to see a hundred thou-
sand people and negroes in the State of Chihua-
hua neutralize the voice of New York, with her
three millions of freemen, in the Se'nate of the Uni-
ted States.
Amongst other objections to the proposed re-
striction of slavery, we are constantly told that the
present is not the time to prescribe conditions; that !
the agitation of the question will embarrass the j
Executive, and prevent a vigorous prosecution of i
the war. ;
This is neither more nor less than to say, that
if the war is not to result in the acquisition of
slave territory, then the South will withdraw from !
its support. In other words, unless the majority
in one section will yield to the minority in the
other, the Government will be unable to carry on
the war. Let me assure gentlemen that nothing
can do more to enfeeble the war policy, or afford
more " aid and comfort to the enemy" than the
rejection of this proviso. It will be regarded by
the northern people as a declaration that the war
is prosecuted for the extension of slavery. Let
this be proclaimed, and the Government will iind
itself powerless in the free States of the Union.
They will not consent to carry the national flag
into such a cause. The war will sink under the
weight of popular odium and execration. The
free States will not send their sons to battle, and
submit to enormous burdens of debt and taxation
to carry slavery into Mexico. It must be seen
that the argument drawn from the pressing exi-
gencies of the war has a two-fold operation. It is
time we should come to an understanding. If we
acquire the territory, no gne can doubt the deter-
mination of the South to establish slavery upon it.
The North is equally determined it shall remain
free. It is obvious, therefore, that one section or
the other must be deceived and cheated in the end.
Then, on principles of good faith and fair dealing,
we ought to come to an understanding now. If
the South will not fight for free territory, and the
North will not fight for slave territory, the ques-
tion must occur to every mind, what are we fight-
ing for? If it be really a war for nothing, let us
unite and bring it to a speedy and honorable termi-
nation. It must be obvious to all, that if we con-
tinue to prosecute the war for territory without
first settling this disputed question, we shall ac-
quire only another element of discord in our coun-
cils, and force the two great sections into fearful
strife and collision. Then why not pause and
abandon the pursuit of an object which, when
possessed, will produce a,domestic struggle, and
place the Union in jeopardy? Fortunately, we are
not compelled to despoil Mexico. We are not
bound, m my judgment, to bring a curse upon the
country, even by way of indemnity. In my
reflections upon this subject, I have sometimes
regarded it as fortunate that our national system
contains within itself a principle of weakness which
discloses the danger of further conquests. It seems
as if it were wisely ordered that the penalty of dis-
union shall be suspended over our Government to
restrain its rapacity, and compel an observance of
the principles of justice and moderation.
We are admonished by the Representatives of
the South, that the interdiction of slavery in the
territory that may be conquered or acquired will
bring the Union to an end. With equal frankness
let-me assure gentlemen that the free States will
never consent to its admission as slave territory.
That must be regarded as a settled question. The
northern mind is formed and fixed. Be not de-
ceived by the readiness with which some northern
Representatives barter away the rights of their con-
stituents. Already has their recreancy aroused the
indignation of the people. The time approaches
when no man here will dare to betray their confi-
dence. Men may degrade themselves in the pur-
suit of office, they may prostrate themselves at the
feet of the Executive, but this Congress has not the
power to surrender the rights of the North on so
vital a question. If you reject the proviso now, it
leaves the question open, and nothing is decided.
If we are defeated to-day, the struggle will be re-
newed with increased energy and determination
to-morrow, and the final result cannot be doubtful.
You may acquire the territory without restriction,
but the same question will recur at every stage of
your progress, as well in the creation of territorial
governments as in the admission of new States; and
when the time arrives, the Representatives of the
North will be found acting in united phalanx, un-
awed by the frowns, unseduced by the blandish-
ments of power.
Mr. H. said he had intended to discuss some
other topics connected with the present posture of
affairs, but want of time would compel him to be
brief. Perhaps no greater misfortune can befall a
country than to be engaged in a foreign war, con-
ducted by an Executive who does not enjoy the
! public confidence. Such is our unhappy condition
j at this time. We are in a most expensive and
I difficult war, which might have been avoided. We
are obliged to mtiust its prosecution to an Ex-
; ecutive in whom the country reposes a very small
| share of confidence. Of this there is abundant
! proof at hand if the fact were disputed. Whilst
I this want of confidence is a serious aggravation of
| our difficulties, it is not difficult to account for its
1 existence. The whole oonductof the Administra-
! tion, both in its domestic measures and its foreign
policy, has been contrary to the sober sense and
, intelligence of the country. I will not dwell upon
its visionary experiments in regard to the public
J finances and the business of the country; the re-
: duction of revenue when an increase was needed;
the restoration of the sub-ircasury in the midst of
a war; the abandonment of the protective policy,
and of all our public improvements. These are
matters for discussion on a different occasion.
But look for a moment at the foreign policy of
the present Executive. It seems to have been his
' great effort to cover his designs with a veil of im-
l; penetrable mystery. On the Oregon question, when
: the notice resolution was pending, one portion of
j, his friends believed the President desired the pow-
1 er as a means of asserting and maintaining' our
title to 54° 40', whilst another portion were per-
suaded that it was to be used as an instrument of
