1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.367
29th Cong '2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Hudson.
Ho. of Reps.
The only real attempt at argument which I have
heard, was made by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Stanton.] He has paraded the Texan
statutes before the House to prove that Texas
owned the country west to the Rio Grande.
Now, sir, I admit the existence of these statutes;
but to what do they amount? They were passed
soon after the Texan revolution, and they profess
. to lay out the whole country to the east bank of
that river into counties. But Texas never was in
possession of this country, and these counties and
their lines were only imaginary. They were mere-
ly counties in the statute book—a system of paper
blockades, which every one knows to be illegal, and
of no binding force. The gentlemen from Texas
have attempted to sustain their claim by the same
argument; but, when pressed, they have been com-
pelled to acknowledge that they never had any set-
tlements in the valley of the Rio Grande. One of
the gentlemen has said that they raised a company
of rangers, which had made incursions into the
country west of the desert, and in this way they
established their jurisdiction. But the absurdity
of such a position is manifest.
[Mr. PiLLSBCRr here rose and said, that Texas
had maintained permanent military possession as
far west as she had any settlements.]
T have no disposition to dispute tliat; she may
have held possession as far as she had any popu-
lation, but that population never extended west of
Corpus Christi. Texas never had any settlements
in the valley of the Rio Grande.
[Mr. PiLLSEuay. The same is true of Mexico.
Neither Texas nor Mexico inhabited the country
oil the east side of that river.]
The gentleman is right, so far as Texas is con-
cerned; but Mexico had settlements there. The
documents submitted by the President himself
prove that Mexico had military posts in that coun-
try, that she had a custom-house at Brasos Santi-
ago, and that the Mexicans at Point Isabel fired
the town, and lied across the river, at the approach
of our army. These documents prove beyond con-
troversy that the Texan claim was invalid; that
Mexico was in possession; and hence that the
march of our army to the Rio Grande was aggres-
sive on our part, and fully justified the Mexicans
in resistance. This is the true state of the case,
and I defy any gentleman to refute it.
But, Mr. Chairman, we are pointed to the war
of lS12,and to the sentence which has been passed
upon those who opposed it. I admit that that war
was declared for just cause. I thought so then,
and I think so now; and if the war in which we
are now engaged was of the same character, it
would have my cordial support. I am not among
those who believe that war is never justifiable.
Great as the evil is, war may justly be resorted to
in self-defence or self-jiie&Brvation. But why point
to the war of 1812 r If the present war with Mex-
ico can be justified on its merits, why bring ihe
war of 1813 to its aid ? The fact is, that the flat-
terers of the President, who attempt to sustain this
war, are conscious of their inability to justify it on
its merits, and hence they attempt to associate it
with the war of 1812. But what was that war ? It
was one of defence, declared to protect our trade,
to defend our seamen, and sustain our character as
a free people. It has justly been denominated the
second war of independence.
Mr. Madison, in his message recommending the
war of 1812, among other things, sets forth the fol-
lowing as causes of the war:
" Bntisli cruiser.-, have been in the continued practice ol j
violating tlie American ;L« on the gre:it highway ol nations,
ami seizing and convening off persons sailing under it; riot j
in lilt1 exercise of a beiliseiant ngllt, founded on the law of j
nation?, against an fnemv, but 01 a municipal prerogative |
over British subjects. The piaetiee lienet is so far from j
affecting Butish subjects alone, Uiat, under the pretext ot J
searching for these, thousands of American citizens, under ;
the safeguard of naiional law, and nf their national flag, have 1
been torn from their country, and everything ileal to them ; i
iiau- been dlagged on board ships of war of a foreign nation. \
ami evposeri, under the seventies ot their discipline, to he I
evilod to the most distan! and deadly climes, to risk then ,
lives in the battles of their oppressors, and 10 be the nielan- {
eholy instruments of taking away those of their own bietii- .
ren.
'■Bntisli cruisei s have been in Ihe piactice also of viola-
ting the lights and peace of our coasts. Thev hover over
and lia'uss nur cntcuii!! and depailiug commerre. To the j
most insulting pretension^, |}iev have added the most law- |
less proceedings in oui veiy haibors, and have w antonly spilt
Amei ican blood uithm the sanetuaiyof oui terntonai juus- j
dictum. I
" Under pretended blockades, without the presence of an 5
adequate force, and sometimes without the practicability of ff Nofhino lib* it
applying one, our commerce has been plundered in every !i AY,",,ni?
sea, the great staples of our country have been cut off from b war ln a *oreL ^ . - -- -
their legitimate markets, arid a destructive blow aimed at:! vantage of the weakness and poverty, of the dis-
our agricultural and maritime interests. - !i   m:~  
, :! faction and disorders of a sister republic, to over-
it has come into proof, that at the very moment when " ,l * Wt « ■ 
the public minister (ot Great Britain) was holding the lan- ' • territory, that We may filch from her a
guage or'friendship, and inspiring confidence in the sincerity || portion of her possessions. We are eal/ed upon,
of a negotiation with which he was charged, a secret agent1 j not by the dictates of pure patriotism, but by the
me!rob?e7t7sXtsr„r„SlTo^^^
oeiment of our happy Union.*' ;; Wdr- w e are asked to clothe the President with
Mr. Calhoun, the chairman of the Committee of j! fhThe2hrnfClt!!eZOUnS T? °f countr5r.fro™
Foreign Affairs, which recommended the resort to M 'PLe hnnZ' W°"l T i
arms m 1812, sets forth our grievances somewhat!! £££' 'hat the,1 ,b°nes ma^ Veach  pon the sickly
in detail. After givm* a brief account of the ar- i ' ° he ™ountam Passes of Mexico,
gressions committed upon our con'merce by the ! D"^n0t th,,a ^7^ «t the two wars show
„<•  : ,.„j /_ ,! at once, and conclusively, that there is no just com-
| parison between them r They are, in fact, the very
: antipodes of each other. In their causes, and the
; purposes for which they are prosecuted, they are
as far asunder as the poles. The one was just,
, the other is unjust; the former was defensive, the
; latter is aggressive; that was prosecuted in defence
] of freedom, and this is waged to extend slavery.
! But, Mr. Chairman, we are told that we must
1 stand by our country in time of war; that war is
1 the law of the land, and, like all other laws, must
he obeyed by every good citizen. I readily admit
' that every patriotshould stand by his country, and
: is bound to obey the laws of the land. But this
, is perfectly consistent with withholding supplies,
n no protection ; it has been unecasm«iy v.oiated; and ,| We, as members of Congress, are as much bound
vessels exposed to danger by tne loss of men taken fiom j: D7 We iaws ot the iand private citizens. Nay,
Government of Great Britain, and persisted jn for
a series of years, the committee say:
" We must now proceed to other wrong-?, which have
been still more severely felt. Among these"is tlic impress-
ment of our seamen, a practice which lias been unceasingly
maintained by Great Britain 111 the war-^to which she has
been a party since our Revolution. Your commute can-
not convey in adequate terms, the deep scn^c which they
entertain of the injustice and oppie^sion of this proceeding.
Under the pretext of impressing British &edmen. our fellow-
citizens are seized 111 British port1-, on the high sea:?, and m
every other quarter to which British power extends; are
taken on board British men-ot-wai, and compelled to c-eive
there as British subjects. In tins mode our citizen* aie
wantonly snatched trom their tountiy and their f<\imhc=,
deprived ot their liberty, and doomed to an ignominious and
slavish bondage; compelled to tight the battles of a foreign
courury, and often to perish in them. Our flag has given
them no protection ; it haa been unccabinyly violai
them. Your committee need not remark, that while this
practice is continued, it is impossible lot the United States
we are placed here to support the laws, and to
preserve them inviolate. And first and foremost
to consider themselves an independent nation. It< connr.u- '! ^ i r i i /-V
• the United Slates ' . . ® e supreme law of the land, the Con-
ance is the more unjustifiable, because
have repeatedly proposed to the British Government an
arrangement which would secure to it the control ofiu own ;
people. |
"Tnis lawless waste of our trade, and equally unlawful !
iinpiessment of our seamen, have been much aggravated by
the insults and indignities attending them. Uruter the pre-
text of blockading the harbors of France and her allie.-, '
British squadrons have been stationed 011 our own coa>fc>, to .
watch and annoy our trade. To give etlcct to the bluck.tde
stitution of the United States. Every member, in
taking his seat, takes upon himself a solemn oath
to support the Constitution of the country. ]NTow,
one of the great objects of that sa'cred instrument
is to secure popular rights, and this is to be effect-
ed by keeping each department of the Government
distinct and separate. The President is intrusted
have been blockaded. In executing these orders of the Brit-
ish Government, or in obeung tho spirit which \vn< known
to animate it, the commander.-' of these squadrons have en-
croached on our jurisdiction, seized our ve-sel-, and carried
into effect impressments within our limits, and (lone other
a(*ts of great injustice, violeuce, and oppie^sion. The Uni-
ted States have seen with mingled indignation and surprise,
that these acts, instead of procuring to the perpettatois the
punishment due to unauthorized crimes, have not failed to
recommend them to the favor of th^ir Government.
" Your committee would be much gratified if they could
close here the detail of British wrongs; but it is their duty
to recite an act of .still greater malignity than any of those
which have been already brought to your view. The at
wcucji iinu annoy our iraue. i.o give ericct to tne DiucK.uie :; ,„.,i ^ , , , ,
of European port*, the ports and haibor* of the United States e power of executing1 the laws, but the
power of making them is devolved upon Congress.
If we attempt to encroach upon the Executive, we
violate our organic law; and we are guilty of a
similar violation> if we tamely submit to the en-
croachments of the Executive upon the preroga-
tives of Congress. In relation to war, it is the
prerogative of the President, as commander-in-
chief, to direct the military movements; but the
framers of the Constitution have wisely vested in
Congress the whole subject of supplies, whether
it be of money or of men. " Congress shall have
vv <_y ui iiyuu(r uiwutin tv/  *iui tuc at- 1 J . , •
tempt to dismember our Union and overthrow our excellent ij power to raise and support armies, is the lan-
Constitution, by a secret mission, the object of which was ■; guage of the Constitution itself. If we think the
to foment, discontent and excite in>.nrrontion against, the President is prosecuting a war for an improper ob-
ject, or an unholy end, it js not only our right, but
our duty, to restrain him; and this can only be
done by withholding from him the means of carry-
ing it on. And, by so doing, wc violate no law.
If any expense has been incurred by authority of
law, the faith of the nation is pledged, and Con-
gress have no moral right to withhold the appro-
priation. But, when they are called upon to make
new grants of men and money, they have the right
to exercise their own judgment, and to s:rant or
withhold, as they may think proper. Besides,
our ordinary appropriation bills are prospective in
their character, and have reference solely to future
operations.
But, Mr. Chairman, it has been more than in-
sinuated on this floor, that we have no constitu-
tional power to withhold supplies. No constitu-
tional power! I would gladly ask in what depart-
ment of the Government the law-making power is
placed by the Constitution ? Is it given exclusive-
ly to the Executive? Such must be the fact, if
intimations thrown out here, are lo be regarded as.
| to foment discontent and excite insurrection agaaist the
I constituted authonties and laws of the nation, a< iatidv fh--
| closed by the agent employed in it, affords full proof that !
j there is no bound to the hostility ot the Bntisli Government I
tow aids the United State*; no act, however unjustifiable, I
| winch it would not commit to accomplish tneir uun." j
! These were among the causes of the war of i
' 1812, as detailed by the President of the United ,
! States and the chairman of the Committee of For- ■
i eign Affairs, in the better days of the republic, j
| when reliance could safely be placed upon the ^
! statements of those high functionaries. And how j
! will those causes compare with the true causes of i
the warm which we are now engaged? In their'
causes nothing can be more dissimilar. The one ■
was declared by Congress, the other commenced
by the President; the formei was declared for just,
causes, the latter for no adequate cause whatever.
But the causes of the two wars are not more an-
ta^onistical than the objects for which they were i
commenced and prosecuted. The war of 1812
was a war of defence; the present war is one of
aggression; that was carried on for the furtherance
of the freedom of the seas, this for the extension of
slavery on shore. During almost the whole period ■' the fundamental law. But eveiy man, who is but
! of that war, some portion of our territory was m
possession of the enemy. We were constantly
I exposed to attacks upon the coasts, and to incur-
| sions of the ruthless savages on our western fron-
! tiers. Our poits blockaded, our soil trampled by
: the foot of the foe, and wet with the blood of our
; own citizens; the blazer of the cabin in the wilder-
< ncss, and of the Capitol in this city, all conspired
' to wake the patriotism of gur citizens, and called
upon them to avenge the wrongs of their country,
and to protect their homes, and" defend their wives
and their children. But how is it now? Is our
country invaded, or even m danger of invasion?
superficially acquainted, with the structure of our
Government, knows that the law-making power is
vested in Congress—that the Senate and the House
hold the men and the money in thetr hands, and
can give or withhold them at their pleasure. This
is a power inherent in every free government; and
to say that we do not possess it, is to say that we
are already under a military despotism. Accord-
ing to this doctrine, when war is once commenced ,
the President has absolute power, and may com-
mand the resources of the countrv to an unlimited
extent. Pie may call out what force pleases,
and march them wherever his ambition shall die-
