372
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
S9th Cong Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr, Stewart.
Ho. op Reps.
inquire, whether war had not been declared against
us by Mexico as early as Aprii ?
Mr. S. .No, sir, no; she did not. No declara-
tion of war was ever made by Mexico against the
United States, or fty the United States against
Mexico, it is an Executive war—a war brought
on by your President, without n declaration of war
on either side. Mexico, wishing to avoid hostili-
ties, sent, by her general in command, a notice to
our commander (General Taylor) not to cross the
Colorado, otherwise they would regard it as an act
of war, and an invasion of Mexico. They were
not only willing to leave our army undisturbed at
Corpus Christi, but were willing we should march
to" the Colorado without resistance. No, sir, the
Mexican Congress never declared war against us, ]
and the President did not give us a chance to de- !
clare war against them. I'tell the gentleman from j
Tennessee, [Sir. Martin,] who represents Mr. ;
Polk on this floor, that this is a war made by his !
President, and for all the consequences of which, j
he is responsible to, and will be held responsible j
by, the American people. Peace is the true policy
Of this country; war, and especially wars of con-
guest and invasion, are dangerous to the character,
integrity, and best interests of this Union. As a
friend of peace, present and prospective, I am in
favor of this proviso. The object of this war being
the acquisition of southern territory, as long as
there is a hope of accomplishing this object, there
will be no peace. Put an end to this hope, and
you at once put an end to the war, by defeating
its object. The moment the President finds this
proviso accompanying this grant of money, he
will be for making peace; "and so will all the
South. They want no restricted territory. If the
restriction is imposed, and the territory acquired is
to be fteo, from that moment the President would
pay Mexico to keep her territory, rather than brm°-
it in on such conditions. I am for the proviso"
therefore, because it will bring us peace. Impose
this restriction, and Mr. Polk will say he wants no
territory—the South will say they want none; we i
say agieed—we want none. Then, if Mexico is to !
lose no territory, she will be for peace; and if we '
are to acquire none, what are we fighting for? i
Then impose this restriction, and the war will be
promptly ended, to the great benefit and joy of
both republics.
But this restriction would not only terminate the
war, but it will promote peace at home—domestic '
peace, ft will avoid civil, and, pethaps, in the end
servile wars. '
The acquisition of unrestricted territory will be
an "apple of discord" to the Stales of this Union.
New questions will at once spring up—new lines
of party distinction will be drawn, and the old ones
obliterated. We shall be no longer divided as
Whigs and Democrats. As long as our party dis-
tinctions are founded on abstract principles, and
measures of internal policy, they never will divide
this Union—never; but as soon as you make a
geographical division—a free party and a slave
party, a northern party and a southern party, you
at once strike a fatal blow at the integrity of this
Union. I want to shun all these dangers—dangers
which, I believe, can be avoided only by keeping
out foreign territory. But the President tells us&
m his message, that this war was not commenced'
and is not prosecuted, for conquest. Sir, I am sorry
he has said so. I am sorry for the credit and char-
acter of my country; for what man is there so blind :
as not to see that conquest is the whole and sole '
end and object of this war? Whether we look to 1
the manner of its commencement, or the manner
oi its prosecution, every one must see that territory '
the acquisition of territory, was the fi.st and last!
% cherished and darling object of the President.
But tne President tehs us that Mexico be°-an this
wai; that she struck first; that she invaded our
territory, and " shed American blood on American
soil.' If this be true, it is sufficient. Then why
go oack twenty years to give what the President
calls " a history of the causes that led to this war."
.Led who to this war? That led him to make it of
course. Why rake up and cite, in order, this lon°-
string o old grievances and causes of quarrel, Ion?
since settled by tieaty ? Why dwell on Mexican
outrages, and what Mexico owes us ? She has ac-
knowledged the debt, and has agreed to pay it;
and did pay as long as she had the means! Wt
will war bring the money ? Or will it not rather
destroy both the ability and disposition of Mexico
to pay ? Suppose a man living in Texas or Florida
owes Mr. Polk, not §3,0001000, but $3,000; he
sends a man over there to collect the money. The
man acknowledges the debt, but says he can't pay.
Mr. Polk flies into a passion, and says, "I'll
make him pay." He hires a hundred men,agrees
to pay them ten dollars per month, gives them one
hundred and sixty acres of land, finds them horses,
borrows §50,000 to pay expenses, and away he
goes. The man collects his neighbors, they have
a fight; Mr. Polk, with the loss of half his men,
gains a glorious victory; he burns the man's barn;
he sets his stacks on fire; destroys his cattle, and
kills his wife and -children. And what is the re-
sult? Mr. Polk has ruined the man, and ruined
himself; the debt is lost, and Mr Polk's property
is sold by the sheriff to pay the expenses of his
folly, and that is the end of it. Such a course would
be just as reasonable as this war upon Mexico to
collect what she owes us. But who believes Mr.
Polk to be in earnest? Who does not know that ]
this is only the ostensible motive, the pretext for
the war; and that the true, the real object is, and
was from the beginning, the acquisition of terri-
tory ?
But the President insists that Mexico struck
first. Is this true? If so, that is enough; why
assign twenty other insufficient reasons for this
war' The course of the President puts me in mind
of a case of outrageous assault and battery tried in
the West. The defendant's counsel admitted the
charge, but undertook to justify. He came into
court with his plea, something like the message in
length, containing twenty-four distinct grounds of
defence. To the terror of the court, he opened his
volume, and commenced reading: "If the court
please, our first ground of defence is, that the pros-
ecutor struck first.'' " Stop," said the court, "stop;
that s enough; prove that, and we want no more."
"Ay, but," said the lawyer, "unfortunately for 1
my client, that's just what we can't prove I" "T'hen •
why did you put it in ?" " To save appearances',
if your honors please." Just so in this case: "To
save appearances," the President says Mexico
" struck first;" but not being able to prove it, he
goes back twenty-odd years, to give what he calls
a history of the causes that led to the war," in-
stead of giving the true causes in a word, by sav-
ing, "first, the annexation of Texas; second, the
acquisition of California."
But gentlemen dwell much upon the "glory" of
this war. Glory ! Is there any glory to be got by
the conquest of these miserable demi-savage, down-
trodden, and distracted Mexicans ? Is it glory for
an elephant to kill an ant, or a 1 ion to murder a
mouse? Glory! No, sir; that won't do. There
would be more true glory w exercising generosity
magnanimity, and forbearance, tow aids poor Mex-
ico, than in killing her people, and robbing her "of
her territory. A war with Mexico can be glorious
m no event, it may be disgraceful; victory over
such an enemy is not glorious, while defeat would
be the deepest disgrace.
Now, sir, though I disapprove of this war, in its
origin and m its objects; though I condemn both
the manner of us commencement and the manner
Of its piosecution; yet I have voted both the men
ami money asked for by the President to brill"- it
to a speedy and honorable termination. And why ?
because we had no escape. The President had
plunged US' into the war without our consent. Our
brave little army was cut off from its supplies, and
, in danger of utter destruction. We were oblio-ed
I to rescue them, by sending them speedy succor,
j iJUt 1 never voted to prosecute this war for the
purpose of acquiring additional territory by con-
quest No, sir, never. If we shall succeed m set-
ting this territory, what shall we do with it? Shall
we hold u by military occupation ? By sendin<* an
aimy there, and keeping it there forever, with all
Its appendages and oppressive burdens of taxation,
Clashing the people of this country to the earth?
ui shall we incorporate it into the Union ? And
I we do, are those semi-barbarian, half-blood, no- I
gro and mulatto Mexicans, fit for freedom? Are
to & i?g free ? Can >'ou force them !
evpn if ' y°u kl10w you cannot. But
dom I™UH ' -Tr you a,)y 10 force free-
tinn'Tfl f unwilling men ? Are we to go and |
into&orn nm y £orcf—'irag these resisting people j
om Umo  ^ the hair of their head? Bat!.
even if willing to come, what preparation have
they Are they qualified to exercise the rights of
American citizens. But more than that, they are
in a state of the highest exasperation against us.
Sir, I would as soon bring a den of exasperated
rattlesnakes into the midst of my family, as attempt
to force these treacherous and miserable Mexicans
into political union with ourselves, unwillino-and
exasperated as they are. The result would be dis-
cord, strife, civil war, and ultimately, and per-
haps at no distant day, the dissolution of this
now happy and glorious Union. I cannot sanc-
tion this appropriation for another reason. To
do so, would be to sanction the doctrine so boldly
and unblushingly avowed here by the gentleman
from Indiana over the way, [Mr. Wick,] who
says, that we are here simply to give the Execu-
tive what he wants; and that, if ive are not wil-
ling to grant it, and in the form in which he asks
it, we ought to go home, and let the people send
here those who are. That is the rule he prescribes
for himself and all good Democrats. Yes, that is
the doctrine openly preached on this floor—the
floor of an American Congress—by the gentleman
from Indiana, who assumes to be " Sir Oracle" 
the official whipper-in of the Democratic party—
the grand sheriff and head constable, set up and
authorized to bring the Democracy to order. And
has it come to this ? Is this your model n progres-
sive Democracy, that the President must have not
only whatever he wants, but in the form he wants
it® The purse and the sword he already has, and
this bill adds the treaty-making power. A more
despicably slavish creed never was taught under
( the dagger and the cord in the most grinding des-
| potism that ever has outraged the rights of man.
| What does it make of the Representatives of a
; free people? The poorest, meanest, most sveo-
! phantic, subservient, and crawling slaves that ever
j licked the foot of arbitrary power. We must give
the President all he asks! Indeed! What business,
then, have we here? Why not go home, and save
expense? One man is all we want. And yet that
is modern Democracy, promulgated by a self-styled
political philosopher, who prides himself greatly
on his wisdom, but more on his transcendental
Democracy. This is not Democracy; it is the re-
verse of the old and true Democracy to which I
belonged, and still belong; it is the concentration
of all power iff the President; the one-man power;
monarchy, m fact, and, if not cheeked and chas-
tised by the people, will soon be monarchy in form
as well as in fact. But, sir, the day is now dawn-
ing in the east. The clouds and darkness that
overshadow us are fast disappearing. The decree
has gone forth. The time is at hand when the
people will redeem themselves from the doings and
-the doctrines of this destructive Democracy?"
Sir, I here venture to say, that if James K. Polk
when he came into power, had set himself down!
m cabinet council, to devise a system of measures
to destroy, first, his country, and next, his party
he could not have contrived a system better calcu-
lated to achieve the object than the one he has
adopted and carried out.
As to its effects upon the party, look at the scenes
of this morning—look at the scenes that daily sur-
round us—the divisions, dissensions, quarrels, and
tights, that are daily occurring on this floor be-
tween the belligerent divisions and regiments of
the harmonious Democracy." Ask The Demo-
crats from Pennsylvania, New York, and Ohio,
what turned them out last fall, and they will tell
you, and tell you truly, "it was Polk and his
policy that done it. As to its effects upon the
country, look at its condition when he came into
power, and look at it now. Who could have be-
lieved that such a change could have been effected
in so short a time? Then the country was in the
enjoyment of peace and prosneuty; already both
are destroyed. Then the national industry was
protected and prosperous, and the revenue abun-
ant under the tariff of 1842; now our national in-
ausiry and our revenue have been both put down
together by the infamous British tariff of 184(5.
tue, sir* Providence has, to some extent) conn-
teracted the destructive effects of the Polk policy,
oy visiting Europe with a famine, a failure of the
potato crop in Ireland, and of the wheat crop
throughout Europe, while we have been blessed
with an unusual, a superabundant crop, to supply
this deficiency. This has greatly increased our
