APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Brockenbrough.
Ho. or Reps.
Atlantic, This would be the perfect action of yo ur
rWiLMOT-proviso policy, but not ail its action. The
avowed idea is to end slavery—to get rid of it in
th§ southern States, (where they admit they cannot
interfere with it,) by rendering it valueless by the
immense proportional number, and the absence of
All outlet. Already, by the last census, the ratio
ofincrease of slaves in the slave States had begun
to diminish—the black tide had begun to ebb. The
Wilmot proviso is to start it again towards the
flood by confining it to a portion of country whence
slaves cannot be carried, but free white men can.
Free negroes cannot. No one will or can carry
them abroad. Your surrounding free States will
not receive even those now emancipated. What
would they do with millions' The immediate,
necessary, and contemplated result is, that the
black race must increase in the slave States until
the few remaining whites would have to abandon
the States themselves to the blacks. It is an irre-
sistible result, flowing from the difference of race
and the laws of population. You would thus abol-
ish slavery by extinguishing white people over
half your country.
Gentlemen might then return to their northern
constituents, and congratulate them that their work
was done—that they had taken measures to effec-
tually abolish slavery in the southern States, by
exiling the whites.
Independent of any feeling of humanity, of jus-
tice, of patriotism—any kind trace of remembrance
of a common language, origin, and ancestry—any
lingering feelingof pride in common achievements,
common government, and common glory—as a
mere matter of cold, calculating self-interest, would
your constituents overwhelm you with gratitude
when you told them, " I have succeeded in your
wish, and have opened to your sons alone the
broad prairie, the high mountains, the dark morass
of the middle continent, and the barren shores of
the Pacific, without the contact of the slave, but
not without cost. He must be competed with in
this new domain by his southern brother, driven
from his home a wanderer and exile by this mea-
sure. Your children, in acquiring this new right,
have lost another—their equal inheritance "and
right to possess the fruitful soil and sunny skies of
your own country from the Delaware to the Rio
Grande, from the Arkansas to the Chesapeake.
Our measures have given all that wide region to be
the empire of negrodom. Wo have given it over
to a people who never yet were capable of self-
government—who never existed in order, peace, or
society, except in a. state of slavery——who, semi- j
barbarous and ungoverned, must, in the absence of !
white influence, relapse to barbaiiym complete— ^
who will make the southern country, abandoned
by the whites, a scene of idleness, disorder, confu-
sion, and dilapidation—no home for you or your
children. Your near, and rich, and natural market
is goffe—your customers are gone. We have driv-
en out your old and natural allies in rieace and in
war—those who patiently bore the taxes of your
government those who were ever willing and
leady to fight and die for your soil as their own—
your rights as their own—whose swords would
leap from their scabbards to defend as well your
just right to the last frozen iceberg of the farthest ,
northern State, as for the land of the sun ■ all these ''
are gone mto exile. We have passed a law design- ''
ed to ruin them, mid inevitable if effectual. Good
order—religion—the spirit of improvement—the
schools established—all the institutions of humani-
ty and civilization are gone, and gone forever, from
the whole South as the price of your much-desired
piIVileges in Mexican deserts and mountains.
One-half ihe republic is dead, not paralyzed, but
dead and corrupting; and yet adhering a lifeless
mass to you the li ving half, and there m^nst adhere
a loathsome burden for ages yet to come, as the
price of your unnatural lusts for exclusive domin-
ion." 1
I beg gentlemen, when they render their ac-
counts, to render them truly, and trace out all their
results, that they may receive the full measure of
praise and gratitude, which may be their due
iney advocate a measure, the highest praise of
which is, that it is wholly impracticable; but the
T" °/ Which are di&cord, dissatis-
whichin,Umk' miC^ e™barraSSment of counsels,
which should be united m the prosecution of the
war- a measure-which must fail, and fail misera-
bly—which has the venom of the serpent, but not
the/rags—which develops impotent spite, and ex-
cites ill blood by its malignity, and contempt by
its impotency; a measure which, if it could suc-
ceed, must be terrible and annihilating inits success
—destructive to the party stricken, and paralysis to
the party striking. The right arm striking off the
left in anger, producing impotence and possible
death to the whole system.
« The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Rath-
bun,] must have felt some consciousness that the
people required some rousing to this fatal work—
that they were not pressing enough upon their
representatives, and that perhaps the storm would
not rise, which he predicted, without some aid
from the representatives in Congress, when he
went beyond the question to rouse a spirit of sec-
tional jealousy and ill feeling, by showing that
three-fifths of every slave was represented here,
and that if taken separately from the white men,
they would make twenty-four representatives of
slaves only on this floor. What inference is to be
drawn from this? If the slaves had been repre-
sented man for man, as they would be if free, they
would have given us forty instead of twenty-four.
But whether more or less, what argument can be
drawn from it? Not, surely, that we should give
up the rights for which we stipulated by the corn-
; pact, or that the North can forcibly deprive us of
! them, but that in theopinion of the gentleman from
' New York, the [Jnion is disadvantageous in its
! terms to the North, and should be dissolved. That
is theonlylegitimateinference which can be drawn,
because the apportionment of representatives was
a condition precedent to the Union itself. It is that
without which it eould not and would not exist.
When our ancestors found themselves freeand pos-
sessed of slaves, and the northern States without
any or with few, and a ITnion was proposed, it was
not asked that they should give up their propfer-
ty. They would not have, united upon such terms, j
But an arrangement was made upon that subject,
without which you would not now have the power
to legislate over us, or the equal privileges with
ourselves when you come among us. By it you
acquired the "right to tax us, and to close our har-
bors and make us fight your battles, and for this
you agreed to give us equal privileges and a cer-
tain proportion of representation. You cannot
alter the one without abandoning the other. It is
the condition of the hond. By it the Union exists,
and upon it the Union depends. Now that we are
united, you cannot claim back all you conceded
and keep your power acquired over us. It is idle
to speak o"f representation. You gave it because
it was your interest to give it. You wanted free
access to our harbors and to our purses, and equal
privileges. You wanted our strength in war—our
maiket always. You wanted the same in Texas.
\ oa bought it by the compromises of the Consti-
tution. You cannot retake them, without destroy-
ing all. We have not complained that your freed
slaves have equal political weight with free white
men. No southern man or State has asked that
the new country should be made exclusively slave
territory. When you complain of slave" repre-
sentation, you complain of the political price paid
for political power, which you have exercised for
your own benefit, and to promote your own in-
terests, for fifty years. You boueht and exercised
the power to exclude African slaves after 1808, the
species of labor suited to us. You retained and
exercised the power to import and buy, with the
privileges of American freemen, the oppressed of
all the world , the labor best suited to you. And
they and their increase make the difference in pop-
ulation of which you so much boast. And now
that foreign labor is pressing upon you, arid likely
soon to flow in upon us, you beejn to raise a pre-
ludice against foreign labor, and seek to withhold
the privileges of American freemen from foreign-
ers; and for the first time in our Government, a
new Native American party has arisen in the north-
ern States. But the gentleman has boldly displayed
the true object. He has thrown aside all the hypo-
critical pretences of humanity and philanthropy,
and placed himself upon the broad ground of seek-
ing political power. And a new political power,
different from the balanced, checked, and guarded
power given by the Constitution. This is more
open and manly. We cannot argue against a sen-
timent which deems it impious to remove a slave
from the Atlantic to the Pacific border, or the hy-
pocrisy which assumes it. But as a question of
power, we can answer, it is the condition of the
contract which made our ports your ports, our laws
your laws, our flag your flag, our people your
people.
There is yet another view of this subject which
commends itself to the consideration of statesmen,
and especially of that class who say that this insti-
tution shall come to an end, and seem to be so
very anxious to relieve us of what they say is an
" evil" and a " curse" to us, and " a blight" upon
all our efforts and other institutions; but of which
we, who ought, if any one, to be the sufferers, do
not complain. We look upon it, as it exists among
us, under ordinary circumstances, at the present
day, as the happiest combination of iabor and
capital which was ever used in society. So far
from looking upon the institution as it isasagreat
evil, we think all parties live happier under it than
in your northern societies, or indeed any other;
but we are aware that it cannot remain in that just
medium which would make it a source of con-
tinued comfort and happiness to master and slave.
Not that we apprehend any forcible interference
from any quarter; but population cannot remain
stationary. I have shown what must be the inev-
itable effect of arbitrarily confining slavery. Let us
now see what will be the inevitable effect of expand-
ing its area without increasing its numbers. It wilt
be—and I call the attention of both northern and
southern men to the fact—that slavery must become
extinct. It is very clear that slave labor which will
be sufficient for 100,000 square miles, will not be
sufficient for 200,000, and so in proportion; and that
free labor must and will flow in to supply the de-
mand, and every day more and more, with every
expansion, diminish the relative proportion of
slaves and^ freemen, by increasing the latter; and
by thus offering every day a cheapening labor, the
value of all labor must be diminished, and with it
the value of the slave. In this you offer the mas-
ter compensation by a cheaper labor; by the other
process you rob him of both lands and slaves by
crowding his lands with useless labor beyond their
means of support, and which he can neither sell
nor give away, until he is forced by the accumu-
lation of blacks to abandon both. By the opposite
policy, you allow new Suites to relieve the old
ones, by drawing off slaves—leaving behind by
degrees openings for free labor, whilst they do not
carry forward enough to supply the demand.
This enhances prices of labor, and free laborers
come in. The planter keeps the slaves, to which
he is accustomed. Free labor first fills all the
ramifications of business except planting, and then
the farmer from the free States brings in his hired
men, to which he is acccustomed. Both systems
go on together, and to the satisfaction of all, till,
in the end, the free labor presses itself upon the
slave owner, and he finds his labor can be done
more cheaply than by slaves. He will then keep
about him only his favorite and his household ser-
vants, to which he is accustomed, and gradually
these will become extinct. I doubt, if our de-
scendants will be a happier or more orderly com-
munity than we are now; though the Americans
possess a wonderful power of adaptation to new
circumstances. But such seems to be the inevita-
ble law of destiny, if there is no arbitrary inter-
ference. Whatever may be the feelings or happi-
ness of the people, slavery will, at least, go out in
peace and quiet, without a convulsion or confu-
sion, and by transitions so easy that all parties
can adapt themselves to the gradual change of so-
cial relations. Free negroes enough to be a nui-
sance, will be left; but diminished by wide-spread
distribution, and diminishing every day by in-
creasing sloth, idleness and degradation. They
will diminish, without the care of a master, arid
disappear from the face of the earth by degrees.
Statistics would prove this. But to return to my
position, as to diminution of slavery, I have here
a table, Mr. Chairman, which proves what 1 say,
and in my opinion, the next census will exhibit jit
m a still more striking manner.
It exhibits the fact, that in every State south of
Maryland, where the States are new, the propor-
tion of slaves to whites rises regularly at every
census until it reaches a maximum, and then re-
cedes. The slaves do the rough work. They open
the country, and then go forward to new forests:
