1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SW
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three. Million Bill—Mr. Brockenbrough.
Ho. or Reps.
pay your notes, but to-morrow we will vote to give
those lands to the soldiers.
Consistent with themselves only in abusing Mr.
Polk, they agree in nothing else. If his power
continued until they were reconciled to each other,
he would be perpetual President. They have in-
troduced and sustained, as a party, no practical
proposition as a test before the people of the policy
of the two parties. This done, would give at least
a line of offence and defence in the political cam-
paign. They voluntarily embarked with us as
passengers in this war, and now they as volunta-
rily chain themselves to the oars as galley slaves,
and look one way and row the other. The very
term " unjust war" involves rapine and bloodshed,
robbery and murder. Every step is infampus—a
crime for which the country should shroud itself
in mourning, nay—
" Hung be the heavens with black."
But you rejoice and glory in it. You send forth
the poor soldier, for whom you affect such sym-
pathy, and tell him to slay, but it is murder—to
fall fighting valiantly, but it is a felon's death.
You bid the American mother to send forth her
child at her country's call—to stain himself with
crime—to return a robber, red and reeking with
innocent blood. You call your soldiers heroes,
and write on their monuments " rapine, murder."
You vote swords and thanks, and medals and
lands, and money and pensions, foi what you say
is crime, and crime so black that individuals, com-
mitting it without your sanction, receive only igno-
miny—a prison or a halter.
We must credit your professions, not only from
courtesy, but because we cannot believe you would
unnecessarily and wilfully pronounce such fearful
judgment upon yourselves and your cour.try, and
invoke, by confession of crime, the vengeance of
Heaven and scorn of civilized man, if you did not
believe it true. We claim for ourselves credit for
equal sincerity. We believe before God and the
world, that the war is just on our part. If \Ve err,
we err after full deliberation and argument, with
the best judgment Heaven has vouchsafed to us,
in the belief that we are discharging a patriotic
duty redounding to the honor and character of our
country. If there is any infamy—any crime—it
is not ours. Gentlemen claim it all. We have no
intention of wickedness. We act throughout as
we profess. But you declare war, and denounce
it as infamous, but vote all supplies, and urge its
vigorous,prosecution. You preach that it is mur-
der, and boast how many Whigs there are m it—
how many friends, how many constituents you
have in it, who volunteered to go. You charge that
it is a crime, and complain that more Democrats
than Whig3 have been appointed to carry on the
villany, and speak of the chief man in the "gang"
for the Presidency. You boast of companies and
regiments being Whig, and Whig States are emu-
lous upon the question of eagerness for the fray.
You vote monuments to thedead—trophies, thanks,
emoluments, bounties to the living—to entice the
eople to imbrue their hands in blood—in infamy.
?hat no type of inconsistency and injustice may be
wanting, you declare that you will hold the Presi-
dent rigorously and rigidly responsible for every
step in the conduct of the war, because he is, by
the Constitution, the commander-in-chief; but you
refuse him*the power to choose the officer to com-
mand the army. You insist that he shall take only
lieutenants of your way of thinking, and hostile
to him, to his administration, and his policy, and
who have already been published to the world and
to Mexico, as finding fault in a querulous spirit,
with all the efforts and conduct of their superior
officer. You charge, that you fear his appointment
will be but the nomination of a successor; but as
you cannot be afraid that the people will be fasci-
nated with an unfortunate general, and make him
President, because he mismanages the war, you
must be afraid of the success of a commander of the
President's choice.
Our opponents charge that the march to the Rio
Grande was not only cause of war, but war itself.
The ground so often and so ably occupied, I will
not again argue at length—showing that the Whigs
always contended that the annexation of Texas
was cause of war, and even the adoption of the
■war with Mexico; or that it was the President's
constitutional right and duty to defend every inch
of Texas as claimed by her when admitted; or
that the Governor of Texas was bound to defend
with his militia all the country his State had sol-
emnly claimed, and wherever he was bound to
carry his militia, the President was bound to carry
the regulars upon a similar emergency; or that the
President was justified in apprehending invasion,
by repeated threats and the accumulation of troops
on the border—by the new hostile attitude of Mex-
ico—she having had a revolution to place Paredes
in power, because Herrera was inclined to treat
with us; or the fact, since known, that Paredes
ordered his general, before he knew of the march
to the Rio Grande, to begin the war, and pass that
river; or the fact that Mexico has not pretended
that that march caused the war, but always based
it upon her claim (o the whole of Texas. These
^ matters have been thoroughly discussed. I pro-
! pose to consider only the conduct of our adversa-
ries on their own pretence, that the march to the
Del Norte caused the war, and, upon that suppo-
sition, propose to show that they are almost as
responsible as the President, even for the battles
of the 8fh and 9th of May, and jointly with us
entirely responsible for all that has since oc-
curred.
j Those gentlemen have abused the President for
1 gross ignorance in not knowing what they say
<s any old map or geography would have taught him,5'
namely—thatTamaulipas extended to the Nueces,
and that the march to the Rio Grande was an inva-
sion of Mexican soil, arid a cause of war, which
rendered war inevitable. 1 shall inquire into that
question presently; but whatever the gentlemen
knew on the subject, they did not give the country
the benefit of that information. They knew the
army was at Corpus Christi long before Congress
j met—they knew this was west of the Nueces, and,
j by their " geography and old maps," in Tamauli-
Eas in Mexico, and by their law an invasion—a
eginmng of war; but they were silent. When
Congress met, they learned that the President and
his Cabinet did not consider Corpus Christi as the
limit of their power and duty, or of the State of
Texas. They weie distinctly informed al their j
meeting in December, 1845, that the President and !
• ; Cabinet considered the Rio Grande our boundary, i
i and the line of our defence. If we look to the mes- j
; sage and documents of 1845, we find that the Pres- |
identurges the immediate necessity of theextension
i of our revenue laws and judicial system over the
: people of Texas. He says:
j " The jurisdiction of the United States, which, at the
! formation of the Federal Constitution, was bounded by the
! St. Mary's on the Atlantic, has passed the Capes of Florida,
! and been peacefully extended to the Del Norte."
! The Secretary of the Navy spoke of defending
1 our coasts to the Del Norte. The President says:
I " Our army was ordered to take position between the
i Nueces and the Del Norte, and to repel any invasion of the
| Texian territory which might be attempted" hv the Mexican
| forces. Our squadron in the Gulf was ordered to cooperate
: with the army. But though our army and navy were placed
j in a position tu defend our own and the rights of Texas, they
i were ordered to commit no act of homhty against Mexico
unless she declared war, or was herself the aggressor by
striking the first blow."
The Secretary of War states in his report that—
'• The ready aceeptancc on the part of Texas of the terms
*nf annexation proffered by this Government excited the iii-
will oftheGovernmentofMexico. That republic menaced
the immediate commencement of hostilities against the Uni-
ted States, and set on foot, it was said, extensive prepara-
tions to invade and subjugate Texas.
" Pursuant to your directions, an army of occupation was
assembled in that State, and Brigadier General Taylor as-
signed to the command of it. He was instructed to repel
Mexican aggressions, and protect the country from Indian
• invasions, to regard the Del Norte as its western boundary,
to select a position for his forces with reference to this fron-
tier, but to leave unmolested Mexican settlements, and also
J military post*, should there be any such posts on the east
bank of that river which weie in the occupation of Mexican
: forces previously to the period when Texas assented to the
1 terms of annexation.
: " Though no movement as yet has been made on the part
• of Mexico to carry into effect her often-repeated menaces,
i or to change the "relations of peace between her and the
United States, she still continues to manifest hostile feelings,
and threatens an invasion of Texas. Tins altitude, a-s long
i as it shall continue, will requne the presence of a military
! force in that quarter at least equal to that now stationed
there. It is presumed that this equivocal state, which has
' not the settled character of peace or war, will not be much
! longerconliniK'd.
i « Should Mexico deny our right to possess the country up
to the Del Norte to the extent justly claimed by Texas be-
j fore annexation, and the free common use of the waters of
; that river, it is presumed that authority will be given to en-
! force it in both respects. In the event of resistance, there
1 mav be occasion to employ an additional force, and author-
ity should be given for raising it in that contingency. In a
more desirable state of our relations with Mexico, her un-
settled poiitical condition will suggest, as a wise precau-
tion, the guarding of that frontier by a considerable body of
troops." .
Surely here was language strong enough to open
the lips of the patriot, to give timely warning to
the Executive. It was enough to put all upon the
inquiry at least. They were told by the President
that the Del Norte was the boundary; by the War
and Navy Departments that it was the boundary,
and the boundary which our general was instructed
to defend; and, had they inquired, they would
have obtained those orders and instructions which
now accompany the war message.
Thus Mr. Bancroft, in temporary control of the
War Department, writes to General Taylor on the
15th of June, 1845:
"The point of your ultimate destination is the western
frontier or Texas, where "you will select and occupy on or
near the Rio Grande del Norte s>ueh a s-ite as will consist
with the health of the troops, and will be best adapted to
repel invasion, and to protect what, m the event of annex-
ation, wili be our western bolder. You will limit yourself
to the defence of the territory of Texas, unless Mexico should
declare war against the United States."
And Mr. Marcy, July 8, 1845:
" Sir : This department is informed that Mexico has some
military establishments on the east side of the Rio Grande,
which ate. and forborne time have been,in the actual occu-
pancy of her troops. In carrying out the instructions here-
tofore received, you will be careful to avoid any acts of
aggression unless an actual state of war should exist. The
Mexican forces at the posts in their possession, and which
have been so, will not be disturbed as long as the relations
of peace between the United States and Mexico continue."
Again, on the 30th of July:
"The Rio Grande is claimed to be the boundary between
the two countries, and up to tins boundary you are to extend
your protection, only excepting any posts on the eastern
side thereof, which are in the aetu il occupancy of Mexican
forces, or Mexican settlements over which the lepubhe of
Texas did not exercise jurisdiction at the period ol annexa-
tion, or shortly before that event It is expected that, in se-
lecting the establishment for your troops, you will approach
as near the boundary line—the Rio Grande—as piudence
will dictate. With this view, the Pie^ident desires that
your position, for a part of your foices at least, should be
west of the river Nueces."
And on the 23d of August:
"There is reason to believe that Mexico is making efforts
to assemble a large anny on the ft on tier ot Texas, for the
purpose of entering its tcrutory and holding foieible por-ses-
fsion of it. Of' their movements you are doubtless advis« d,
and we trust have taken, or early will take, prompt and
efficient steps to meet and repel any such hostile incursion.
Should Mexico assemble a large body of troops on the Rio
Grande, and cross it with a considerable force, such a move-
ment must be regarded as an invasion of the United States
and the commencement of hostilities. You will, of course,
use ail the authority which has been or may be given you,
to meet such a state of tnmgs. Texas must be protected
from hostile invasion, and for that purpose you will of course
employ to the utmost extent all the means you possess or
can command." * ** *
"An order has been this day issued for sending one thou-
sand more men into Texas to join those under your com-
mand. When the existing orders aie earned into effect,
you will have with you a lorce of four thousand men or the
regular army. We are not enabled to judge what auxiliary
force can, upon an emergency, be brought together from
Texas, and as a precautionary measure you are authorized
to accept volunteers from the States of Louisiana and Ala-
bama, and even from Mississippi, Tennessee, and Kentucky.
Should Mexico declare war, or commence hostilities "by
ciossing the Rio Giande with a considerable force, you aie
mstiucted to lose no time in giving information to the au-
thorities of each or any of the abovementioned States as to
the number of volunteers you may want from them respect-
ively. Should you requite troops from any of these States,
it would be important to have them with the least possible
delay. It is not doubted that at least two regiments from
New Orleans and one from Mobile could be obtained and
expeditiously brought into the field. You will causc it to
be known at these places what number and description of
troops you desire to receive from them m the contemplated
emergency. The authorities of these States will be appnzed
that you are authorized to receive volunteers from them, and
you may calculate that they will promptly join you when it
la made known that their services are required. Arms, am-
munition, and camp equipage foi the auxiliary troops that
\ou may require, will be sent forward subject to yom orders.
You will so dispose of them as to be most available in case
they should be needed, at the same time with a due regard
to their safety and preservation. Orders have been issued
to the naval force on the Gulf of Mexico to cooperate with
you."
Again, on the 30th August, 1845:
" The instructions heretofore issued enjoin upon you to
defend Texas from invasion and Tndian hostilities; and,
should Mexico invade it, vnu will employ all your loiees to
repulse the invaders, and drive all Mexican troops beyond
the Rio Grande. Should you judge the forces under your
command inadequate, you will not fail to draw sufficient
auxiliary aid from Texas, and, if there be need, from the
States, pursuant to your previous instructions. It is not to
be doubted that, on your notification, volunteer troops, to
the number you may require, will rally with alacrity to your
