380
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
29th Cong.....2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Brockenbrough.
Ho. of Reps.
standard. You have been advised that the assembling a
targe Mexican atoiv or tit® bonlersof Texas, and crossing
the Rio Grande with a considerable fbree, will be regarded
by ttie Executive here as an invasion of the United States,
and the commencement of htjstiiitifs. An attempt to cross
that river .with such a force will also be considered in the
same light."
And on October 16, 1845, he writes: 4
"Si#: The information which we have here, renders it
provable that no sey^ous attempts will at present be made by
Mexico to invade Texas, although she continues to threaten
incursions. Previous instructions will have put you in pos-
session of the vipws of the Government of the United States,
not only us tu the extent of its territorial claims, but of its de-
termination to assert them. In carrying out these instruc-
tions, you will be left much to your ovm judgment, by reason
of your superior knowledge of localities, and the earlier no- j
ttce you may receive of the probable views of Mexico, and
the movement of her tioops. On the supposition that no
active operation^ on your part will be required riming the
approaching winter, an important question to be decided is
tile position or positions to be occupied by your forces. This
mu^t be determined mainly With reference to the objects for
which the aimy under your command was sent into Texas.
You will approach as near the western boundary ol Texas
(the'Rio Giaude) as circumstances will permit j having lef-
erence^to reasonable security; to accommodations for put.
ung your troops into winter huts, if deemed necessary; to
the facility and certainty of procuring or receivmgaupplies;
and to checking any attempted incursions by th*? Mexican
forces or the Indian "tubes. Ought your present position to
be changed?—the forces which are, or soon will be, assem-
bled under your command, be kept together or divided?—
and, if divided, what positions aie to btHtaken. and how are
they to be divided ? These are questions which must be in
fi measure lett to your judgment, or, at lea?t, the decision
upon them here, if there be time, will be influencedm no
inconsiderable decree by the infonn.ttion and Mews which
you may furnish the d' pirtrnent You need not, therefore,
wait for directions from Washington, to carry out what you
may deem proper to be done. Upon all the points above
enumerated, and others not suggested, your repoits and
views m lull are de&ired, not only with reference to the con-
tinuance of the pie&ent aspect of affairs between the United
States and Mexico, but in the contingency of your select-
ing, or being directed to take, a position on the banks of the
Rio Grande near it-5 mouth, or places above, or even m the
event of open.hostilities."
Nor was this all. With the same message of
1845, they had evidence that Mr. DoneJson,our
minister to Texas, pledged the faith of the United
States to all parties in Texas that this Government
•would maintain the Rio Grande del Norte as the
boundary. Letter to Mr. Buchanan, July 11,1845:
" But whilst from such views I encouraged no aggressive
movement on the part of Texas to take forcible possession
of the Rio Giande, I have, nevertheless, omitted no opportu-
nity of sttthj ifing all parties here that the United States would,
in good faith, miiitnin the claim, and that I had every reason
to oclicce they would do to successfully.33
And this was not without the previous distinct
authority of Mr. Buchanan, of June 15, 1845, in
which he declares the United States under the most
stringent obligation, to maintain that boundary, and
avows it as the true boundary of Texas. He
says:
" Under these circumstances, you may properly ask the
question, Should Mexico take possession ot the country be-
tween the Nueces and the Km Grande, 01 come still further
east, within the Texas terutoiy, before a convention can
express tne requisite ratification of our proposals, are the
United States to .-lata! still and see the couutiy thus invaded,
without inteiposmw protection.'1 J|
■'In answer to this impoitant question, I shall proceed
to piesent to you the views of the President upon the sub- 1
jeet. I;
" There are many reasons why it is preferable that Texas I.
herself should drive the intiuders from her territory, until ii
after the convention shall have accepted the teimsuf oui ii
joint resolution. Of her ability and her will to peifoi m this i'
service, no man acquainted with her history can doubt. !i
Her citizens aie hiave; they can endure the climate at this !i
hot season of the year; and it will redound to their glorv to I
a k no aid m defending her territory, until tins duty shall ,
clearly devolve upon the United State,. Besides, it is mi- i i
possible that our troops can now reach the seette of action '1
in time to render her any assistance in expelling the intru- b
ders befoie the 4th of July—the day of the meeting of the 1!
convention. Tile expanses of such ail expedition mu-t i
eventually be borne by the United States. If an attempt 11
ehou.d be made to dismembei the territory of Texas as it
existed when tile joint resolution for annexation pas^ed'c'on 11
gross, at the moment when her people and authorities arc !
deliberati!i2; upon these pioposals,mo*tcertauily the stvono !■
est obligation ivould be imposed on the American Congress
to indemnity her lor the chaises of repelling the intruders  
In performing tills duty, she will be acting for the benefit oi i'
our whole country, and preserving her terutory in the same 11
condition it was when we offered to receive her into the i'
America*! Union. Tile President cannot doubt for a mo- ii
ment but that, after annexation, the troops emploved in this I
service will be placed upon precisely the same"footing as 1
troops would be who had been regularly called out under i
the authority of the act of Congress, to repel an invasion ot I'
any ol the existing States." j
Thus had this House the most positive evidence L
of the opinions of the Executive as to its duties, !
and that it was bound to defend the Country up to j'
the Rio Grande, and that the general had orders to I!
that effect fi'om the beginning, and might march
when he pleased. And he was. distinctly autho-
rized to take position as near as convenient to the
Bio Grande, and with a view to defending that"
line; and that its passage by the enemy would be
an invasion. JNTo word of dissent or disapproba-
tion was heard from Congress. It admitted Texas
as it stood, with the pledged faith of this republic,
byjts minister, authorized by its Secretary of State,
made to all parties, that we would defend and main-
tain the line of the Rio Grande. This pledge was
upon our tables in innumerable forms, and franked
by members every day through the whole country,
without dissent from any quarter. Congress hav-
ing so admitted Texas, and sanctioned this pledge,
adopted the recommendation of the President by
extending our revenue laws, and judicial system,
and post-routes into Texas—Texas as it stood—
the Texas which we admitted with a pledge to de-
fend to the Rio Grande—the Texas which the
President said, in recommending these measures
which were adopted, extended the jurisdiction of
the Union to the Del Norte. Could the President,
then,understand from any "old maps or geogra-
phy," or other source, that Congress understood
and considered Texas as extending only to the
Nueces, and that the army was already invading
Mexico, and war existed ? Or could he suppose
that there was some other imaginary line, un-
known to him, or to any one in this House, and
not laid down in any "old map or geography," or
anywhere else but in imaginative speeches since
made in this Hall, which was the line understood
by Congress? Did any one, anywhere, at any
time, ever see or hear of such a line ? or can they
now tell who established it, or where it runs?
Will any candid man say that the President could
be justified in supposing that Congress considered
the Nueces the line, or that there was any other
hue between the Nueces and Del Norte, which,
though unheard of, was the true one, or that there
was any more impropriety in this being at any one
point between the Del Norte and the Nueces, than
at Corpus Christi, or any other?
How will gentlemen reconcile this long silence
with the duty of patriotism i They were full of
information as to the true boundary. They have
discovered several true boundaries, unknown be-
fore, between the Nueces and the Del Norte; they
were fully advised of what they now Suppose the
erroneous views of the President and Cabinet.
They were advised of the impending danger of
disastrous, and, they say, unjust war, and gave no
warning. There was no call to the rescue. They
were not withheld by feelings of kindness to the
Administration, whose whole policy they felt it
their special duty to oppose, and this would be but
a bad reason if they could plead it. It is no defence
to say they were in a minority, and could ef-
fect nothing; because the very duty of a minority
is to endeavor to check and restrain what they
suppose to be the excesses of a majority, and not
to give their own sanction to mischief by silence.
Had they spoken out, they might at least have
exempted themselves from responsibility. They
might even have influenced a majority, by turn-
ing only a few Democrats. They cannot say it
was because the responsibility of measures wai?
upon us; for that would justify them m silent ac-
quiescence to any measure, however unconstitu-
tional or preposterous, and be in effect a total
abandonment, of affairs into the hands of a major-
ity. The excuse would be worse than the offence,
to say, we let you blindly and madly involve the
country in the evil and crime of hazardous and un-
just war, because the responsibility was not upon
us, and we felt justified m silence that we might
break you down. A man can scarcely justify him-
self for not warning his worst enemy of danger,
when Oil the brink of a precipice; but when he is
the Representative of a free people, and he sees
his country on the eve of crime and disaster, and
does not warn those who hold the helm, " he
seems to me (as Mr. Adams remarked of Mr.
Webster) to have but one step further to go, and
thatis to join the enemy."
With all this superior information and patriot-
lsm~vvlth t'1's keen foresight of danger, and
snuffing carnage in the evening breeze—our po-
litical opponents are silent as death. We find only
Mr. Ashmdn moving on the third of February for
imormation as to our relations with Mexico, and
" whether the army or navy had been moved to-
wards that republic, and what occurrences have
come to the knowledge of the President to require
such a movement." But, though introduced by
leave—that is, unanimous consent—it was quietly
laid over under the rule, and no attempt made to
suspend the rule, or any call of ayes and noes, as
is done when members make serious effort to
"bring to notice an important subject. I have care-
fully examined the journals from that day till war
was declared, and find no motion ever made, or
even mention of this resolution, after its introduc-
tion. Resolutions thus introduced, and laid over,
always sleep the sleep of death, unless specially
called up. This was no effort to arrest the march.
It was no information, no warning to the Presi-
dent, the House, or the country, of what was
going forward, or the danger of the step. A reso-
lution allowed by unanimous consent was intro-
duced, and slept without a movement or a word
from its author. Was it done as an anchor in case
of a storm, which they did not intend to prevent?
Its introduction proves notice of the movement. No-
tice has been admitted on all sides. It was not
concealed. The papers were soon full of it, and
of the events of the march. But no movement was
made; no effort to arrest this disastrous and terri-
ble march, which was to involve us all in the crime
of unjust war. An honorable Whig Senator from
Delaware, of great distinction and consideration
with his party, [Mr. J. M. Clayton,] admits that
he knew it at an early period, but he did not move.
He informed Mr. Calhoun; and he occupied so
important and delicate a situation with reference to
the Administration and the settlement of the Ore-
gon question, that it was dangerous to the peace of
the country for him to take any step having even
the appearance of a hostile attitude to the Govern-
ment. But what restrained our political oppo-
nents! They never have informed us, but only
proclaim on the house-tops that it is Mr. Polk's
war. •
We find no further movement upon the journals
until the 9 th of May, the very day the battle was
fought at Resaca de la Palma, when Mr. Davis,
of Kentucky, introduced resolutions "inquiring
whether any attacks had been made on either side;
and whether the killed were slain on Mexican or
American territory; and whether any supplies had
been taken, and the force guarding them, and what
efforts were made to recapture them," &c. This
was long after it was known here that Taylor was
encamped and intrenched opposite Matamoros,
(which took place on the 28th of March.) This
was too late; and if earlier, gave no information,
and found no fault.
Next, the news of Porter's death and Thorn-
ton's capture was received; and then we had the
President's message and the recognition of war as
made tipon us by the Mexican republic, and au-
thority to receive 50,000 men to fill the ranks of
the army, and placing all—army, navy, and militia
of the Union, at the disposal of the President, and
appropriating $10,000,000. This was done " to
enable the President to prosecute said war to a suc-
cessful and speedy termination." Only fourteen
Whigs voted in the negative. To them my remarks
as to inconsistency do not apply. They have de-
clared their country in the wrong from the begin-
ning, and adhered to it. But after war was thus
declared—recognised—inevitable—the President
bound to fight and use his utmost efforts against
the enemy—after this surpassing unanimity—then,
and not till then, all the patriotic streams of burn-
ing and indignant eloquence wye opened and
poured upon the head of the Executive. We then
first heard of " old maps and geographies," or the
boundaries of Texas, or the river Nueces, and
some time after, of tile vague and new found and yet
undefined line " someiclure" between the Nueces
and the Rio del Norte. It was not the march of
the army—it was not full knowledge of Executive
views and determinations—it was not the Execu-
tive pledge to Texas sanctioned by Congress—by
silence and by acts. It was not the full knowl-
edge that war was coming—that it was unconstitu-
tionally to be waged by the President—that could
remove the seals from their lips and loosen the
tongue of Whig patriotism, to utter one warning
or one dissenting word. It was only when they
had declared war themselves—recognised war a
war as made by Mexico—involved "the country in
