1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Native Americanism—Mr. Levin.
New Series No. 25.
ince* formerly known as the viceroyalty of New Spain, the
captain generalship of Yucatan, and the internal provinces
of the east and west.
Art. 6. The integral parts are free, sovereign, and inde-
pendent States, in as far as regards exclusively its internal
administration, according to the rules iaid down in this act,
and in the general constitution.
Art. 7. The States at present composing the federation
are the following, viz: Guanajuato, the internal State of the
west, composed of the provinces of Sonora and Sinaloa; the
internal State of the east, comprising the provinces of New
Leon, Coahuila, and Texas; the internal State of the north,
containing the provinces of Chihuahua, Durango, and New
Mexico; Mexico; Michoacan j Oajaca; Puebla de los An-
geles; Queretaro; San Luis Potosi; New Santander, called
alsoTamaulipas; Tabasco; TJascala; VeraCruz; Jalisco;
Yucatan; and Zacatecas. The Calii'ormas and the district
of Colima (except the town of Tornila, which remains an-
nexed to Jalisco) will, for the present, be territories of the
federation, and directly subject to its supreme power.
Dated Mexico, January 31,1824.
JOHN GUZMAN.
Page 380. The Federal Constitution of the United Mexi-
can States, sanctioned by the General Constituent Congress
on the 4th of October, 1824. 388, title 11, only section.
Art. 4. The Mexican nation adopts for the form of its
Government a popular representative and federal republic.
Art. 5. The constituent parts of the federation are the
following States and Territories, viz: The States of Chiapas,
Chihuahua, Coahuila and Texas, Durango, Guanajuato,
Mexico, Michoacan, Nuevo Leon, Oajaco, Puebla de ios
Angeles, Qaeretaro, San Luis Potosi, Sonora and Sinaloa,
Tabasco, Tamauhp;is, Vera Cruz, Jalisco, Yucatan, and
Zacatecas; the Territories of Upper California, Lower Cali-
fornia, Colima, and Santa Fe de Nuevo Mexico. A constitu-
tional law will fix the character of Tlascala.
Dated 4th of October, 1824, fomth year of independence,
third of liberty, and vpconri of confederation.
LORENZO DE ZAVALA, President.
421. Laws and decrees of the State of Coahuila and
Texas.
decree no. 1.
§3. The territory of the State shall be that recognised as
both "provinces until the present time.—August 15, 1824.
429.—decree no. 13.
Art. 1. In that part of this State known as the Province
of Texas, a political authority shall be provisionally estab-
lished, staled " chief of department of Texas."—February 1,
1825.
Thus, we reach the establishment of the "depart-
ment of Texas," in 1835, and find it still the same
as the "province of Texas," claimed by Spain,
and ceded by the United States in 1819: ratified
in 1821.
On the 12th of April, 1828, we find Coahuila
and Texas granting exclusive privileges on the
Rio Grande.
decree no. 49.
Art. 1. The exclusive privilege of introducing boats pro-
pelled by steam or horse power in that portion of the Rio
del Norte that belongs to the State is hereby granted to John
Davis Bradbourn and Stephen M. C. Staples, for the term
of fifteen years, provided they render said liver navigable at
their own expense.
Art. 2. The enjoyment of said privilege shall commence
from the time the aforementioned boats are first introduced.
Art. 3. During the said term of fifteen years no -private
tax, such as it is in the power of the State to levy on steam or
horsehoats, shall be laid upon those belonging to the afore-
said undertakers, wiio, during the said term, shall be subject ,
only to such taxes as are now or shall hereafter be estab- j
lhlfed by general laws upon all vessels arriving in the ports j
of the republic j
Art. 4. May be trau^feired, but not to persons of nations ;
at vvat with the republic of ZVjferiro. I
This concession could not be confined to the '
small portion of the interior Rio Grande passing J
through Coahuila and not reaching the sea. Who j
would value such a grant5 Who would improve |
the navigation for it? How could it relate to the j
ports of "the republic? The new constitution of j
March ]1, 1827, still recognises the "department j
ofTexas as the former province of Texas."
Our adversaries have quoted no law, no decree,
no governmental act, no power, no authority, j
changing the old and established boundaries ofji
Texas, and bringing Tamaulipas to the Nueces, i;
They say it was always so—-we prove it always ||
otherwise, as far as we can find governmental au- ^
thority. There are maps and geographies which \\
differ. But surely those should be preferred which j j
correspond with the acts and declaration of States
and statesmen. J
But as it has been denied, that we had any an- p
thority for claiming the country to the Del Norte, ;|
it may be well to quote another "man," and a '
"diplomatist," and an Englishman, Mr. William
Gore Ouseley, formerly attache, at Washington,!!
to the British Legation—recently figuring as Min-
ister in the British and French affairs on the La j'
Plata. He thus writes in 1832, m his remarks on ;!
the statistics, dtc., of the United States: j,
  11
"Texas, the Mexican province which is now becoming a >1
subject of deep interest m the United States, is ot great ex- w
tent. Its boundaries and superficial contents are thus stated
in Darby's Western Gazetteer, published in 1818. The Tex-
as? Ms bounded on the west and south by the Rio del Norte,
on the south by the Gulf of Mexico, east by the State of Lou-
isiana, and north by the Red river.' * * * *
"The facilities for navigation are great; on one side the
Gulf of Mexico, and the interior traversed by the Sabine,
the Natchez, the Trinity, the Brassos, the Bernard, the Col-
orado, the Rio Grande, and other streams of minor impor-
tance. ***■*■**< k * *
"A writer in «ne of the best conducted papers in the Uni-
ted States, (Walsh's National Gazette,) thus significantly
expresses himself with regard to the -Texas. f The country
above described, we contend, should belong to the United
States, ifits procurement be possible.' He then gives rea-
sons for supposing its acquisition possible—the financial em-
barrassment and unquiet state of the politics of Mexico, &c.,
and urge^s, a? motives for attempting its annexation to the
United States, its beingc necessary to the security of Louisi-
ana, Arkansas, ixc. JiU Texas vjos once ours. The Rio del
Norte was then our western boundary.' "
Thus, whilst Texas was claimed by the United
States, or by Spain, or part of the Mexican Con-
federation, or united to Coahuila, we nowhere find
her bounded by the Nueces, or any other line than
the Rio Bravo del Norte, at least on the eastern
side. Tamaulipas nowhere thrusts itself between
Texas and that river. •
As an independent Power, we find her from the
beginning always claiming the same boundary.
The first resolution ever passed, was in the county
of Columbia, on the 15th of August, 1835, and
was—
t; Resolved, That a consultation of all Texas, through her
representatives, is indispensable."
They require their committee to communicate
with "all Texas.'' And such is the language of
all acts, resolutions, and conventions, in the estab-
lishment of their provisional Government, and until
they declared themselves an independent republic.
On the £d of March, 1836, they declared Texas
independent. On the 17th adopted their constitu-
tion. On the 14th of May, 1836, Santa Ana, as
Presidentand general-in-chief, stipulated that "the
' Mexican troops will evacuate the territory of
* Texas, passing to the other side of the Rio Grande
'del Norte;" and by secret treaty stipulated, as
far as concerned himself, that "a treaty of com-
' merce, amity, and limits, will be established be-
( tween Mexico and Texas—the territory of the
' latter not to be extended beyond the Rio Bravo
' del Norte."—[See Journal Home of Representatives,
(Terns) 183(1.] The first act of the legislature is
dated October 25, 1836. On the 16th of December,
they exercise powers to the Rio Grande in a charter,
and on the 19th declare that river as their boundary
throughout its whole length. We have only to
refer to their laws and journals in our library, to
find Me. Polk sustained in every position he takes
as to representation in conventions, and in Con-
gress—in appointment of judges, lands, revenue,
jurisdiction of every kind, in the whole series men-
tioned—in the country between tke Nueces and the
Rio Grande. If not too long, examples of all might
be quoted; but the whole series is in the law libra-
ry, and accessible to all.
Against this mass of testimony, I have never
seen quoted but one single governmental fact, which
is, that Texas permitted an agent or collector of
revenue, for the port of Matamoros, to reside on
her side of the river, near its mouth. There is no
pretence that there was the exercise of ordinary
municipal jurisdiction, but only a collector of the j
port, a remnant of the old federation. If Virginia j
were to become independent of this Confederation, !
and not think proper to drive off an inspector of !
customs of the port of Washington, who resided j
south of the Potomac, would anyone pretend that
such residence altered the old boundaries of Vir- j
ginia, and that she did not reach to the Potomac5 ;
especially if a desert country intervened, and she ,
had no people and no necessity for actual occupa-
tion of the neighboring; country. So if New Jer-
sey was independent, surely permitting a federal
inspector of customs at Perth Amboy, for the port
of New York, would not strip her of territory.
But, Mr. Chairman, why argue this question ?
Gentlemen say, if it was even doubtful territory,
the movement of our troops upon it, though with
avowed pacific objects, was cause of war, in the
face of the notorious facts that the Mexican troop?
came upon it at pleasure, nnd even met our armv
at the Little Colorado. Even if cause of war, it
was but the occupation of waste country, and not
the most serious which could be given. Our-con-
duotwas peaceful—so were our declarations—and
we had then a minister in their country endeavor-
ingto treat for peace, indemnity, boundary, whom
they scornfully rejected; yet they were bound by
treaty to receive him. And if we gave them cause
of war, they were bound by treaty, not to make
war, until they had made a solemn demand of ex-
planation and reparation. We pursued that course
in Jackson's time, even after the repeated outrages
and spoliations upon our citizens and commerce.
It is strange that gentlemen who boast so much
patriotism, can see nothing wrong in Mexico—
nothing right in our course; that they should
choose a time of war for their animadversions—
that they should imagine their speeches, their ar-
guments, their inconsistent conduct, their declara-
tions of the injustice of their country—their con-
tradiction of every statement of the President and
his friends—their whole course of policy best cal-
culated to destroy harmony, unanimity, confidence
in our people and our troops, to dampen patriotism
and defeat success, should give no aid and no com-
fort to the enemy. For myself, I can only say,
knowing the sterling honor and jivst good faith
which abides in the American people, as I do—if
I were a Mexican, as I am an Amerian, I would
rather-have an orator here who could satisfy the
American people that their President unlawfully
and unnaturally forced them into an unjust war,
than to have a well-appointed army of a hundred
thousand men. The latter, the Americans in a
just war might defeat, but their overwhelming in-
dignation at an unjust war would be irresistible at
home, and procure to Mexico a speedy and an ad-
vantageous peace.
NATIVE AMERICANISM.
REMARKS OF MR. L. C. LEVIN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 1, 1847,
On the bill to regulate the carrying of Passengers
in Merchant Vessels.
Mr. LEVIN said he should, at the proper time,
move to amend the title of the bill now before the
House, so as to make it " A bill to accommodate
the paupers and criminals of Europe in their mi-
gration to the United States." What a strange
contrast is presented (said Mr. L.) between the
memorial of the Democratic Mayor and Aldermen
of the city of New York, who ask for some check
upon the emigration of paupers and criminals to
this country, and the sole provision of this bill,
which does not even offer an emollient to the evil.
He had hoped that the committee would have pro-
posed to lop off a branch, even though it might be
unwilling to apply the axe to the root. The peo-
ple of New York and the country at large, ask for
some astringent check upon the flood of pauper
and criminal population that now swells upon our
land. As a consequence of this influx, the poor-
house, the jail, and the penitentiary have come up
and covered the country so thick, that from the
gratings of the one you may discern the walls of
the other, and it was under circumstances like these
that even the Democracy of Aew York stepped for-
ward to plead m behalf of their devoted country.
The memorial is one thing, the bill before the
House another. Wise men, says Burke, will
apply their remedies to the causes of evil which
threaten to be permanent, not to the occasional
organs by which they act, and the transient mode
in which they appear! Does this bill meet the end?
Does it provide a remedy for the evils under which
the American people, are now groaning? Does it
even propose to soothe the sufferer? Oh, nof
Strip it naked, and what does it suggest? Why,
the paupers and criminals and lunatics who are
shipped to our shoies shall have better accommo-
dations; that they shall not bo crowded, but have
"ample room and verge enough5' on board of ship!
Instead of permitting a vessel to bring three hun-
dred paupers and criminals at a time, at five dollars
a head, under the provision of this bill they are
only permitted to brine: two hundred and seventy-
five, at a cost of seven dollars a head. How ample
the remedy ! How direct and efficient 1
He was rejoiced to find that " the proscription"
of the Native Americans was "under seal." It
came to this House endorsed by the Democracy of
25
