388
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 4,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Mc Clean.
Ho. or Reps.
try is resolved and ready. The people throughout
the length and breadth of the land are looking with
intense anxiety for such prompt and decided action
on the part of their Representatives here as shall
ensure to the Government of their choice a eandid
and liberal support in this critical conjuncture of
our affairs. The days of our legislative existence
are numbered. Time is waning rapidly. Busi-
ness of vast importance yet remains to be trans-
acted. Money and men must be furnished speedily,
that some decisive blow may be struck before the
ravages of the sickly season shall decimate our
troops, and put an end to active operations. I '
conscientiously believe, Mr. Chairman, that it is !
in the power of Congress now to adopt such meas- j
ures as will compel Mexico to sue for peace. With !
«s rests the responsibility of such legislation as, j
on the one hand, will strengthen the hands of the
r< .• i • ~ . -a—"*' oy prompt ana decisive action ookin°- towards the
Executive, and enable him to adopt a vigorous and ! p.-olecut on of the war, rather than bVcrasuminff
decisive policy; or, on the other, will nrolons the :! davs nnri It "?
  w. . v., m.n IKJ uuy|H cl VlgUl uus aim
decisive policy; or, on the other, will prolong the
war, by withholding the necessary supplies, and al-
lowing the demon of discord to rankle in our midst.
To our constituents—to our country—and before a
still more high, as well as infallible tribunal—we
must answer for the manner in which we shall now
discharge these solemn duties. Day after day I have
listened in this Hall to denunciations from gentle-
men on the opposite side of the House upon the
President—first, for " commencing" this war, as
But what has been the course of debate in this
House ? Has it not, in many instances, been such
as to justify a belief on the part of our common
enemy that they have a powerful party in their
favor throughout the United States?
Mr. SAWYER. Yes; and they have, too.
Mr. McCLEAN continuing. Yes, sir, and so
had the British during the last war. And what is
the language now held out ? We arc told—with-
draw your troops from the Mexican territory, and
let us see whether Mexico will not then do us jus-
tice. Not by my vote, Mr. Chairman, shall a
course of policy so humiliating and suicidal be
adopted. We have already made proposals of
peace, which have been rejected with scornful con-
tempt. And I am satisfied that we shall best meet
the expectations and the wishes of our constituents
by prompt and decisive action looking towards the
nvnfiAf1]! tinri nP llio tit a v> tUn. *1   u    : 
i  - — * .  y HHUI u y ViUIJOUlUlIJg
days and weeks of precious time in disputing as
to its origin and its causes. What these causes
are, the people fully understand through the me-
dium of the public documents which have been
spread before tnem; and especially by means of
that most comprehensive and lucid message, trans-
mitted to Congress by the President of the United
States at the opening of the present session. That
message has been received by the people with a
degree of approbation not surpassed by that be-
i?rn\l70/? linnvi nt-itr    I. ' 1. « t
they are pleased to charge; and, second v for'the lS i aPProbatIon not surpassed by that be-
mannerin which it has b^en inducted I have I 1 "P°n 8"y fate PaPer whlch ever issued
been pleased to see that there are some honorable ■'! TlT, e.xecutIvedePa!"tment of thisGovernment.
exceptions to this rule; and prominent arnon- ii 5fB, are satIsiJed as to the justice and ne-
these I am gratified to notice my honorable cof I' mantL°f !!T "T P01"1 1 "eed com" I
league, [Mr. Pollock,] who addressed the House h T fmther; but, in this connexion, I will read j
a few days ago. Sir, if ever there can be a time Pa®saffe from J letter addressed by Mr. Forsyth, i
in the history of a nation^where unity iiIs coun < Aff ^ °f ST'J° 'c0 ^ni,,ter °f !
cils is preeminently demanded, it is just such a time |! i„ w"fi",^Tn!Ll!;-l?fia5.bftckas Ma^ I837'
as this. I he enemy is gathered m battle array I
against you. The lives of yuur countrymen are I
offered up, m hecatombs, a sacrifice to the fell spirit I
of warfare that rages on your frontier. On the '
plain and on the mountain tfieir bones are bleachi no- !
in the wind. And shall we stop to inquire what !
are the interests and what the requirements of i
party, or whether some inglorious triumph may I
not be achieved m its behalf, growing out of the
manner in which the war has been carried on? I
Gentlemen here have spoken and acted as if
this war was the act of the President alone. How i
can this be > Eveiyman who has read the Con-'
stitution of the United States, knows that the I
power of declaring war is vested in the legislative
department of the Government; and that the power
ot conducting or carrying it on is lodged in the Ex
in which the following passage occurs:
" Tile direction nf the President has made it the duty of
the undersigned, Secretary of State of the United Stated to
address the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Mexican re-
public, lor tiie purpose of inviting, for tile last time the
serious attention of the Government of that country to the
numerous, various, and long-standing complaints of injuries
to the citizens, and insults to the officers, flag, and Govern-
ment of the United States by Mexican authorities, and to
make a solemn and final demand of satisfaction for them
From the accompanying list, his excellency the Minister of
Foreign Affairs will perceive that, from the' beginning of the
revolution, and np to the penod of the acknowledgment of
the independence of Mexico by the United States acts of
aggression have li en committed upon the persons and proD-
eitvot citizens of the United States. A sense of justice has
i; led to the acknowledgment of the obligation to remunerate
|i some ofthesuflWers; \etcompensationhas been made onlv
I for a small part of what i-, admitted to have linen due to
I them. In conformitv with her already admitted obligation
 O - ,n lne KX I reparation is expected from Mexico for all such injuries
ecutlve. Constitutional! v hei« ih ?„I„ i ,- the Unlted S,ate-S <n Mexican territory, as may have
nf (hp wn,- -rl I ■ y' ? Ie c°nductor ; j been perpetrated by the authonties ot the dominant nartv
the wai To him belongs the responsibility of : sme0 t,1(' contest for its independence began to the present
planning the campaign; and of proportioning and h'JUi'- ThPse wro 8s are a character which cannot be
adapting the forces called out to the ol,iects°to he i1 t0,erfted. any government endued with a just self-re-
accomplished. In a word the unmntrfi' :!  Pect;. w,thaPr"Perr^^ ""'he opinions of other nations,
t;™ *u A 11 IT V;UIU' wie uncontioilea airec- i or with fin enlightened concern for the ocrmanpnt wpir-irp
tion in the field, of the whole matter, rests with h ofthose poitions ofits people who mav be interred m for
nim. I lie great object of all our efforts in the nros- I,1 ^'"commerce. Treasure belonging to citizens of the Uni-
An nC fKr urr,i.    ' . ,7 • I 'I t.Pfl Stf) fP"! 11.1-4 nPOJI a (ll'/o/l h«  nvinn., ..-ftS - ,
ecution of the war now, is the attainment of a
speedy _and honorable peace. It is the duty of the !
Executive so to direct the power and the resources
ot the nation, thus placed at his disoosal, that the ,
object m view may be effected in the manner most '
advantageous, and with the least possible delay i
whiir,ehP°nSlble tothft"atio  for the manner,!, !
which this great trust is discharged. What then :
Is°t'to throw t]e.re|PreSent?tive3 of the people?1! without Bn-
M ? r acle® 111 the way of the Chief to justice.''
he'lMs asked for" Ind^hlch'he dechres'to h'h'''h ^ What stron«r evidence (continued Mr. McC.)
dispensable to the successful p,oSe«n,m of A"'11 T" T " , (act. that ,thi« ™r has been
war? Is it to impeach his mnhve* n, J . .!' A°rCfd "P,0" by ,he lnJustlce our enemy?
and to heap contumely a,„l al)use unon^him'Trfd i: Ancl'.(.un<-'er thls state of ciroumatances, is it not
his /. dm,lustration ! Certainly not if in tl! '' mortify,n? to see gentlemen rise in their places
Z'^IT C°Un;ry' We called I' ™d' tethe conduct of Mexi
upon to define the duty of a good representative
nouess than of a ^ood citizen, should we not say
tllili, he would VifiM M rpnrl \r nKori ■  <
ted States has been seized by Mexican officers in its transit
from the capital to the coast. Vessels of the United States
have been captured, detained, and condemned, upon the
most fiivolons pretexts. Duties have been exacted upon
others, notoriously against law or without law Others
have been employed, and, in some instances, ruined in the I
Mexican service, without compensation to their owneis !
Citizens ot the [Timed Stales have been imprisoned forlomr :
period? nf time without being infomied of the offences witli '
which they may have been chaiged. Others bave been
muldcred and robbed by Mexican officers on the hi"h seas
without any attempt haying been made to biing tile" guilty
luu he won d yield a ready obedience to the laws-
t.iat he would, by every means within his control'
aid m tue promotion of the general welfare- thai
he wnuid, to the utmost of his ability, sustain the
government of his country in prosecuting this war
to a j«.t and honorable peace- that instead of de-
).ounc,n? the man t0 whose handg the ,e hay
I.'l ''®tlmebfnS, confided theirdestinies, he should
' f ' j'. S'^'ehim the credit of patriotic motives; and
should endeavor to strengthen, not paralyze the
ai m which has been raised for the common defence ?
. CO, and at the same time to indulge in language of
[ unmeasured reproach against the government of
j their own country ? Some of them, like ChaJcas—
j   denouncing mi<chief still
j Prophets of plague, forever boding ill 
; have not hesitated to predict defeat and disaster to
the American arms, and, by the violence of their
denunciations, to leave the impression upon the
puhhc mind that, rather than their prophecies
should fail of fulfilment, the republic itself should
be shaken to its foundations. But, sir, I do not
I despair of its safety. I have full confidence in the
1 fhnf,'? °nthf; pe.0p,e at this crisis; and J believe
that they will submit with a cheerful spirit to what- I
ever exactions may be requisite to sustain our arms
and to vindicate our rights.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Ashmun] who preceded me in this debate,
and who took so conspicuous a part in the system
of denunciation to which I have adverted, told us
of the Executive influence having been brought to
bear upon northern members as an incentive to
them to sustain measures recommended by him.
The gentleman has alluded, on the one hand, to
promises held out for obedience to Executive dic-
tation; and, on the other, to proscription for refu-
sals to comply with its demands. Sir, this species
of denunciation has no terror for me. Whatever
I may say and do in this House, I say and do with
a regard to the wishes and the interests of those
constituents who gave me a seat on this floor. I
am not responsible to any other earthly power. I
know not what evidence the gentleman can pro-
duce, of the truth of his charges. I have seen
none—I have heard of none; and, in the absence
of it, I infer that the gentleman is indebted alto-
gether to the pruriency of his own imagination.
I now come to another correlative branch of the
same subject—the question of revenue. I shall not
dilate upon this topic. Revenue must be raised,
and speedily raised. It is manifest that a tax on
tea and coffee finds no such favor in this House as
to justify any well-grounded expectation that it
will become a law. What, then, is the best course
of policy? In my judgment it is to increase the.
existing rate of duties on all imported articles so
as to realize the highest possible amount of rev-
enue. And as that increase of duties may proba-
bly yield a higher amount of revenue than is neces-
sary for the wants of the Government, economi-
cally administered in time of peace, I would limit
its duration by law to some specific time after the
termination of the war. To this extent I am now-
prepared to go. I believe with Mr. Madison, who,
in his message to Congress in the year 1812, held
the following language:
« With all good citizens the justice and necessity of re-
sisting wrongs and usurpations no longer to he borne, will
sufficiently outweigh the privations and sacrifices meepara-
ble fioni a state of war."
Such (continued Mr. McC.) I believe to be the
sentiment of the people of the United States. That
it is the sentiment of the immediate constituency
whom I have the honor to represent on this floor
I entertain no doubt. To do so would be gross
injustice to a body of men who, I believe, will
cheerfully submit to the imposition of any addi-
tional burdens constitutionally imposed upon them,
in "resisting wrongs and usurpations no longer to
be borne." My own State has not been slow to
send forth her children to the tented field, as mar-
tyrs, if need be, in the service of our common
country. And whilst a sister State is paying the
last mournful honors to those heroes of her own
soil—Ringgold, Watson, Ridgley—who have seal-
ed their devotion to their country with their blood,
the cherished remains of equally gallant men from'
my own State—of Cochran and of Woods—have
been brought home to mingle with the dust of their
native land—
" Wheie the well-tried fnends of their youth mn\ ween
O'er the green grass turf of the solditi>s sleep >">
And, Mr. Chairman, with such sacred claims
on our energies and our patriotism, what is the
spectacle exhibited m this House? Already m
full view of Mexico and of the civilized world,
whilst battles are yet to be fought, and uncertain
to what indefinite period peace may be postponed
we are contending amongst ourselves as to the
disposition of a territory which is not yet ours,
but which hereafter perhaps may become so in the
form of indemnity for the outrages of years, and
for the extraordinary expenditures incident to the
iTc.r a!^ these outrages have forced upon us.
sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof." The
premature agitation of this question can lead only
to results altogether evil. It awakens the pride, it
inflames the passions of oar enemy; and it ena-
bles the commanders of his forces to make stilt
stronger appeals to that infatuated and deluded
people with whose destinies they are sportino-.
lhus do we strengthen the arms of Mexico a^d
furnish her with new weapons which are'ulti-
mately to be turned against ourselves. By this
state of things the public interests are suffering
111 our action here, as every man knows, we are
