1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. McClelland.
Ho. of Reps.
far behind the events and the necessities of the
day. Sectional differences are fomented. The
North and the South are marshalling their forces,
waking up their prejudices, and irritating their
passions for a conflict with each other upon the
contingent results of a foreign war whose duration
and whose issues are yet among those doubtful
problems, which the future alone can solve.
Not such as this, Mr. Chairman, should be the
business to which the House ought now to devote
itself. Our business at the present hour is war;
war with all our might; war with all our energies.
Let us first bring that war to a satisfactory and an
honorable close; and if we should then acquire
any portion of territory not now our own, we may
decide, in the tranquillity of peace, what the des-
tination of that territory shall be. This is our true
policy—this our first duty. Let us not detract
from our own intelligence, and from the character
of our country, by quarrelling amongst ourselves
about the hide of the lion whilst it is yet on his
back. I make these remarks with a full knowl-
edge of the action of the Legislature of my own
State on this subject. I have not been officially
informed of the passage of their joint resolutions,
but am nevertheless aware of the fact. I have on
a former occasion presented my views on this
question of the right of instruction. I do not re-
cognise that right as existing in any man, or any
body of men, except in my constituents alone.
Not the least mortifying consideration connect-
ed with the introduction of this extraneous matter
here, is the fact that this-cause of contention—this
bitter apple of discord—should have been thrown
into our midst by one of our own number and our
own faith. That the Opposition party in this
House should resort to every means to embarrass
the Administration at this and all other times, can
surprise none of us. It is their right, as it is then-
vocation. But, sir, let it, in all humiliation, be
acknowledged that the contentions whi6h now dis-
tract our councils and paralyze our action, owe not
their birth to our watchful adversaries the Whigs,
but to the course unwisely but unrelentingly adopt-
ed by one section of that great Democratic party in
whoso hands the political power of this country is
centered, and which must stand or fall according
to the results which may follow its application.
From our own ranks it is that this gauntlet of de-
fiance is thrown down, that we may do battle,
not against our enemies, but among ourselves.
Are our institutions, then, only a mocker}'? Are
they good for nothing but the flourishes of an ora-
tor, or the declamation of a demagogue? Is there
no saving virtue m them potent enough to carry
our country in safety through such a conflict as
thaun which we are engaged ? Are we incapable
of asserting our national honor, or vindicating our
national rights? Do our institutions forbid us, at
the peril of dissension and disunion amongst our-
selves, to demand retribution and justice at the
hands of a foreign power? Sir, it is for the Demo-
cratic party in this and the other House of Con-
gress to give a fit answer to these inquiries. Let
them look to it that they are found equal to the
emergency, and that they do not, by failing to
meet it, deliver themselves and their country over
into the hands of their opponents. The creed of
the Democratic party has taught me to believe,
that a true Democrat would always be a true
patriot. Let us not falsify our own faith. If con-
siderations of patriotism can avail anything; if a
wise party policy has not lost all hold upon the
minds of the majority here; if the Administration
of our choice, zealously laboring to redeem its
pledges to the country, deserves any support at
our hands; if, in fine, as the. constituent elements
of a popular Government, we have yet any respect
left for" the high behests of that people who gave
us the authority we hold, then assuredly this ill-
omened state of things will cease. A prompt, uni-
ted, and patriotic effort against the common foe
will take the place of sectional divisions and sec-
tional jealousies. The Democratic party in Con-
gress will stand up manfully, shoulder to shoulder,
on the elevated platform of that just and magnani-
mous policy which has ever characterized and dis-
tinguished it. And the country will rejoice that,
in this hour of need and her peril, she has found
her Representatives faithful to her interests, and
true to her destinies.
Mr. Chairman, I will detain the committee no
longer. The sentiments which I have avowed, I
conscientiously entertain. For the expression of
them, I am responsible to my constituents and to
my country.
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. R. McCLELLAND,
OF MICHIGAN,
In the House of Representatives,
February 13, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under consid-
eration theThree Million Appropriation Bill—
Mr. McCLELLAND said:
Mr. Chairman; It is well known to you that I
seldom trouble the House or the committee with
set speeches, and I can assure you I should not i
now have struggled for the floor had not an imper- j
ative sense of duty impelled me. There are several
votes given by me in silence, during the session,
upon which I desire to make a few passing re-
marks, and then I shall proceed, as rapidly as pos-
sible, to consider the several topics that have been !
introduced into this discussion. '■
To all the great and leading measures of this
Administration, 1 have thus far given a cordial sup-
port, and my intention is to withhold nothing that
I can give, consistent with my duty to my con-
stituents, which will have a tendency to sustain
and support it. The war now waged with Mexico
is one which all desire to be brought to a speedy
and successful termination. Nothing unjust or
dishonorable is sought for by us. And, did Mex-
ico manifest the pacific spirit shown by our Gov-
ernment, the difficulty might soon be amicably ad-
justed. We are not contending against a powerful
and wealthy nation, having vast resources and great
experience in war. Yet the difficulties to be en-
countered in carrying it on with success, are not to
be despised. The peculiar character of the coun-
try, the want of salubrity in the climate, and the
indomitable obstinacy of the Mexican people com-
bined, may protract the war beyond all our calcu-
lations. But war actually exists, and will be con-
tinued until the enemy is conquered, or an honor-
able peace is secured. It behooves us, therefore, ;
to cooperate with the Executive, as far as our sense
of propriety will permit, in maintaining our arms,
and sustaining our country. We must advance—
we eannot recede.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in the early part
of the session, recommended the imposition of a j
duty upon tea and coffee, for the purpose of se- :
curing more means for prosecuting the war, and j
strongly commended it to the favorable considera- !
tion of Congress. A resolution was offered by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth,] soon jj
after, declaring it inexpedient to levy such duty, ij
or impose such tax, and immediately demanded i|
the previous question, which was seconded, and !]
thus all debate was cut off; and each member was, j|
by our rules, compelled to give his vote without ,j
explanation. I was desirous of making known {
my views upon the question, but, being thus pre- j
eluded, my vote was given m accordance with the !
dictates of my own judgment. In this_ I acted, as j
on all subjects that require our action, in conform-;
ity with what I believed to be the wishes and the ]
best interests of my constituents. A southern j
writer says, in regard to our votes on the river and ]
harbor bill at the last session, " Executive patron- j
' a"C, also, seems to be of but little avail against
1 the pledges of members of Congress to the peo-
' pie, especially in the West, where appropria-
' tions for internal improvements are most eagerly .
' sought." And this may, with great force, be t
applied to the votes of western men, in regard to i
this duty, because on no question has there been 1
manifested more unanimity among the western
people. It must be exceedingly gratifying to
western members to be " thus censured" for re-
deeming their pledges to the people, even at the
expense of Executive patronage. A duty upon tea
and coffee would, in its operation, be onerous and
unequal. The poor man, to whom it has become
a necessary of life, would be obliged to pay as j
much, and in most cases a greater tax, for the sup- ,
port of Government, and for carrying on this war,;
than the wealthy and opulent citizen. In this the1
millionaire would 'be placed on an equality with
the day laborer; and yet, according to all just prin-
ciples of taxation, he should pay a thousand-fold
more. Thus you make the poorer classes of our
citizens bear the burdens of the war, and at the
same time fight your battles, for few others are
found in the ranks. The hardship is not the same
with the duty on sugar. It is an article that the
rich use in various ways, besides the uses to which
tea and coffee are applied, and the disproportion
in the quantity used by families is far greater.
But even if it were otherwise, it would be no valid
reason for the imposition of the duty proposed,
because it would be, in that view, merely adding
to the unequal taxation. The better mode would
be to select the luxuries and extravagances of life,
and levy a tax on them, and this would not oppress
those who are in moderate circumstances, nor ma-
terially affect those who indulge in and enjoy them.
Some have proposed a direct tax, but my repug-
nance to this is greater than the other. It must be
levied according to the census and representation5
and although the eastern States are possessed of
greater wealth and have more property than the
western, yet they would not, under the Constitu-
tion, pay a greater amount of taxes. By this tax
on tea and coffee, it is supposed that some two-and-
a-half millions annually may be raised: and al-
though'it would be sensibly felt, yet the same
difficulty would not be experienced in raising it,
as in collecting the same amount by direct taxa-
tion. I have prepared a table,* showing the pro-
portion each State would have to pay if ten mil-
lions were raised under the Constitution, and all
will at once perceive the utter impossibility of in-
ducing the people to submit to it, unless from the
most patriotic motives. The cost of collection is
not an item of much consequence, as I am inform-
ed m the last war it did not exceed five per cent.,
and in many of the States it does not now amount
to more than four per cent. Whenever I am con-
vinced that it is absolutely necessary to lax tea
and coffee, in order to obtain a loan to carry on the
war, and pay the interest on our indebtedness, my
objections are not so insuperable as to inducc me
longer to oppose it. A law has been enacted au-
thorizing the President to negotiate a loan, or issue
tieasury notes, to the amount of twenty-three
millions of dollars, which, with the revenue from
imposts, and the avails of the sales of the public
lands, it is estimated, will defray all the ordinary
and extraordinary expenses of the General Gov-
ernment until the next Congress convenes. A
portion of this loan has already been obtained, and
the balance will, in all probability, be taken at a
piemium. This, together with the previous in-
debtedness of the Government, is of little moment
to so great a nation. After the war, the expenses
of the Government can be retrenched. Reduce
them in the aggregate to the appropriations of 1844
and 1845, and the revenue arising from duties and
-the public lands will pay our ordinary expenses,
and the interest on the public debt, and m a few
years liquidate the debt itself.
The other vote upon which I desire to say a few
* Statei. No. of Reirresentatives. Jlmonnt of tax.
1. Florida 1 
9 Arkansas 1  43,478^20
Delawaie 1 43,478 96
Rhode Island 2 86,956 o2
Texas 2 86,956 o2
Iowa 2 86,956 52
Wisconsin 2 .86,956 59
Michigan 3 liS'Si tS
New Hampshire 4 1/3,913 U4
Vermont... 4 173,913 04
Connecticut 4 ,
Mississippi 4 nl
Louisiana 4   ™
]STtvv Jersey 5 £f!
Missouri 5 2] 7,391 30
Maryland 6 *0*89 57
— 
 8   347.828 09
SKrohnk  391,304 35
jSortli Carolina   ^ ..434.78-2 61
"*10" 434^782 61
" 10  434,782 61
 478,260 87
Virginia  15 • •• • 652.1i«3 92
Ohi!  21 013,043 48
Pennsvlvania... - • -'24 VS-a'orn «7
New York., 34 1,4<8.2?>0 87
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
1U.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
02.
03.
2-1.
<V).
06."
Massachusetts..
Kentucky..
Indiana—
Tenne«spe.
$10,000,000 00
