1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Mexican War—Mr. Seaman.
Ho. of Reps.
tional history. Sir, I trust a gracious Providence
will overrule all for good; but! fear the result will
be otherwise.
It i« claimed, by the friends of this bill, that it
will place at the disposal of the President the means
of securing a peace with Mexico. I do not believe
that a result so desirable will flow from it. Sup-
pose the bill of the last session had become a law:
does any one believe that we would have had a
peace with Mexico before this?. No, sir; no one
thinks so. But, Mr. Chairman, I shall give the
same vote now I gave the last session, and, with the
proviso of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Wilmot] added to the bill, I intend to vote for
it. I confess, I care but little what becomes of the
bill as reported, for I look for no beneficial result
from it; but I am ready to go with him who will
go the farthest in efforts to secure a peace, and the
President shall not charge me with withholding
from him the requisite means of terminating hos-
tilities. But, sir, I wiil hold him to a strict account
before the country for the disposition he makes
of the money, should the bill become a law.
While I feel no interest in the bill, I do feel a
deep interest in the proviso. I regard the bill as
something bordering on the ridiculous. To what
purpose is the money to be applied—to whom is it
to be paid ? If it is to bribe the Mexican General,
and make him a traitor to his country, then, sir, it
is as wicked as it is ridiculous. Is this the honora-
ble peace which we hear so much about? Perhaps,
sir, it is a part of the contract made with Santa
Ana, and the President may think it would be dis-
honorable in him not to comply.
Mr. Chairman, since I took my seat in this
House I have not given a vote which I consider of
more importance than the vote upon this proviso;
and, should I remain here a dozen years, I do not
believe I should be called upon to give one which
those who come after us will consider as equally
important. The passage of it by this Congress
(which I hardly dare hope for) will exert a great
moral influence upon this country, and, I may say,
upon the world; and however the money part of the
bill may subject us to suspicion and ridicule, the
moral influence which the proviso will exert, will
compensate for it all, and even more, and will deter-
mine me to vote for both, as both must go together.
The bill requires " that full and accurate account
of these expenditures shall be by the President
transmitted to Congress as soon as practicable." I
dare not believe that the President will dispose of
this money in a way inconsistent with his high
office, and dishonorable to the country. He must
account to Congress for the use he makes of it.
This question of slavery is not a question merely
of'-policy; it is a question of principle. Human
freedom and the rights of man arc involved in it.
To my mind it contravenes the great law of nature.
It is not consistent with the great principles of our
holy faith, and it gives the lie to the Declaration of
Independence. I have no desire to be drawn into
a discussion of slavery, as guarantied to the old
States under the Constitution. I do not feel myself
competent to the task. It is a question we have
nothing to do with here. The matter which we
now have to consider is, the acquisition of territo-
ry, and whether slavery shall be permitted in it.
Mr. Chairman, I was one of fifty-eight who, on
the ]0th December, 1845, voted against the admis-
sion of Texas into the Union. I have never re-
gretted I gave that vote, and I do not believe I ever
shall. I then considered, as I do now, that the
faith of the Government of the United States was
pledged to Texas by the joint resolutions, approv-
ed March 1st, 1845, to admit her into the Union,
provided, when she presented herself with her
constitution for admission, there was nothing in it
inconsistent with those resolutions. But, sir, I
found in her constitution, among other objection-
able features, a provision " that the Legislature
shall have no power to pass laws for the emancipa-
tion of slaves," &c., &c. As far back as 1824 or
'5, by a deciee of the Mexican Government, slave-
ry was abolished in all her provinces, including
"Texas. When the final act of annexation was to
be accomplished, at the period I have referred to,
our votes were invoked to expel this extensive re-
gion " from the area of freedom," and to perpetu-
ate slavery over its entire surface, in violation of
the spirit and letter of the joint resolutions admit-
ting her into the Union. For these reasons, and
others which I might state, I voted against admit-
ting her into the Union. Had a majority of this
House voted with me, this war with Mexico would
have been avoided.
With this lesson before us, we are told that this
proviso is premature; that we ought to wait until
we get the territory before we legislate about it.
Sir, as a northern man, I do not think it is ever
premature to enact laws to keep slavery within its
present limits. The North never will consent to
a further extension of the institution; and, if any
of those who represent her interests on this floor
prove " traitors," I leave them to the tender mer-
cies of their constituents.
I have no desire to wound the feelings of any
member of this House, but this is a question which
must be met, and this I consider the very time to
meet it, when we are about to have an extensive
region added to our territory; and, should we defer
any longer some definite action upon it, we are only
putting off the evil day.
I will not disguise the fact, that I have an abhor-
rence of slavery: It is a moral evil, which God
has permitted, in his inscrutable wisdom, for some
wise purpose, and which some succeeding age may
see developed. I cannot discover in it one redeem-
ing principle, and I firmly believe that, under the
benign influence of the Gospel, it will one day cease
to exist. When I hear honorable members of this
House speak of it as " God's own institution,"
and argue that " slaves are property," comparing
them to "horses, houses, and carriages," this, too,
with the Bible, and Declaration of Independence,
" read and known of all," there is to niy mind,
something anti-christian and anti-republican m it.
Perhaps my feelings may be over-sensitive on the
subject, but there are scenes enacted here, in this
capital of the nation, and almost under the dome
of this temple, consecrated to liberty, at which
humanity shudders and weeps. I could relate an
occurrence which took place in this city a few
days since, and was witnessed by myself and
other members of this House. But the recital
would be as offensive to gentlemen from the South,
as it was disgusling to those who witnessed it. I
would not be understood as supposing that scenes
like this are of frequent occurrence. God forbid
that they should be; but it is enough for me to have
witnessed one such, and to know that they are in-
cident to slavery. It is scenes like this which make
men of the North believe that slavery
 " is a monster of such hideous mien,
That to be hated needs but to be seen."
Mr. Chairman, the United States is at war with
a sister republic—it is said that it was forced upon
us by the act of Mexico. We are told in the Bible
that " war springs from our lusts." I think this
Mexican war is a confirmation of the truth of Scrip-
ture. How was this "war brought upon us ? It had
its origin m the annexation of Texas, and is to be
carried on to perpetuate the principles of that meas-
ure—slavery, and extension of territory. The
consequences of that unwise measure were predict-
ed, with remarkable accuracy, by the great states-
man of Kentucky.
In Mr. Clay's Raleigh letter, on the question of
the annexation of Texas, he used the following
words:
"Under these circumstances, if the Government of the
United States were to acquire Texas, it would acquire along
with it all the incumbrances which Texas is under, and
anion" them the actual or suspended war between Mexico
and Texas. Of that consequence iheie cannot be a doubt.
Annexation and vmr with Mexico are identical. Now, lor one.
1 certainly am not willing to involve the country in a foreign
war for the object of acquiring Texas. "" * " i
regard all wars a-i great calamities, to be avoided, if possi-
ble, and honorable peace as the wisest and truest policy of
the country."
In another part of the same letter, Mr. Clay
said, that the consequence of annexation would be
to involve us "certainly in war with Mexico."
This great man was not alone on this question;
others, the greatest minds, and the best men of the
country, were found side by side with him. It
would seem that they were gifted with prophetic
vision. His integrity on this question lost him
the Presidency. Had h® been placed in the Execu-
tive chair, which his talents and long services to
his country entitled him to be, this war would not
have had an existence.
I question if any man in the country, divested
of party feeling, and whose opinion is entitled to
the least consideration, will contend that we would
have had this war with Mexico if General Taylor
had not been ordered to advance from Corpus
Christi to Matamoros. It is folly ta suppose that
this feeble and faction-torn people, which had for
seven years neglected to assert her declared right
over Texas, should attempt its invasion after the
annexation of that province to the United States.
No man can for one moment credit such an ab-
surdity. We are not left to conjecture upon this
point. She was ready to negotiate the question of
boundary if the United States would send a special
minister for that purpose. The resolution of an-
nexation left the question of boundary open to-
negotiation, and certainly intimated to Mexico a-
desire, on the part of Congress, to settle with her
upon amicable terms. Had the President yielded
a mere point of etiquette, and sent a special minis-
ter to Mexico, a resort to arms would have been
avoided. But no; the President had his own plans
to carry out, and this war is the conscquencc. All
the causes which are enumerated by the President
in vindication of his course, had existed for a long
term of years, and yet no one, either in Mexico
or this country, believed that a war would result
from them. Most of our difficulties had been set-
tled by negotiation, although some portion of the
stipulated indemnity remained unpaid; but was
that a sufficient cause for war? Certainly not.
The real cause was, as I have stated, in oidermg
General Taylor to advance to the Rio Grande.
Here was the fatal error. It was the first act of
hostility, and the President must have known that
it would bring a collision; and, from the orders
issued by the rfavy and War Departments, about
that time, he evidently intended that it should.
Certainly, " we began the process by planting
'our army in the midst of Mexican plantations
'and homesteads, driving before us her citizcns,
' her soldiers, and her civil authorities. A colli-
' sion having necessarily supervened on Mexican
' ground, between armed detachments of both na-
' tions, war did most' natuially' follow."
I have ever entertained but one opinion of this
war—that it was provoked by the President—was
unnecessary and unjust, and that it is waged for
conquest. The President says, in his annual
message, that those who entertain such opinions,
and assert them, are extending "aid and comfort
to the enemy." Why, sir, has it come to this,
that the Congress of the United States, when such
a grave question as war is before it, must with-
hold all opposition to the Executive measures, or
rest under the imputation of being enemies to their
country? Freedom of discussion is a cherished
principle with the American people, and the man
who would deprive them of it, needs but the op-
portunity to play the tyrant.
Mr. Chairman, we have heard a great deal said
about the law of nations, and the rights of the
conqueror over the conquered; and we have heard
ingenious arguments in support of our rights over
the conquered provinces of Mexico. Well, this
may be all so; but I contend that we have no
rights, if the war was wrong and unjust in its in-
ception, and such I contend it was. I do not pro-
fess to know much about the law of nations, but
I do profess to know something of that great moral
law, which is binding upon men and angels. Na-
tions are made up of individuals, and the obliga-
tions of this law are as binding upon one as much
as the other, and each are responsible to a higher
power than the mere opinion of the world. We
profess, sir, to be a Christian people. The meliora-
tion of the condition of man is the great principle
of our age and country. The advance of mind,
and the extension of the benign influences of civ-
ilization and Christianity, are among the charac-
teristics of our day. Good men are devising means
to alleviate the evils and to increase the happiness
of man. Millions are annually expended to pro-
mote all these objects, and I verily believe the^day
is not far distant, when " nation shall not litt up
sword against nation, neither will they learn war
anvmore."
i have said that this war was wrong m princi-
ple and unjust in its inception. It is a lust for
territory. New Mexico and California must be
ceded to us, or there will be no peace. This I
suppose to be that for which we are contending;
and for this we are content to send our fellow-
1 citizens to a pestilential climate, to be hurried by
! " vomito" or slaughter to their final account. I
