1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Bagby.
Senate.
would have gone down to a point lower than they
have reached in many years, and commercial
embarrassment must have followed. The large
amount of specie coming into the country conse-
quent upon increased exports is, under existing
circumstances, of essential benefit. But will thfs
state of things continue ? Can we keep it here ?
Specie which flows into a country in a regular
course of trade, must, of necessity, enrich the coun-
try. But that which is now coming, comes from
causes that will cease to exist on the return of an
abundant harvest in Europe. With a diminished
and diminishing demand for our products, and an
increased importation which will take place under
the present tariff, this specie will go back to Eu-
rope, and perhaps more with it.
I trust, sir, we may not realize anything of this
kind; but should it come, then the subtreasury
will be felt; and, I fear, severely felt. The Gov-
ernment would have the power to crush every
moneyed institution in the country; and, if exer-
cised, a suspension of specie payments by the
banks would take place, and the credit of the coun-
try would be ruined. A specie circulation we can
never have, unless we are content to go back to the
dark ages. There are manifold inconsistencies
and inconveniences arising from it. |
The weakness and wickedness of this measure i
have been so thoroughly exposed, and with such j
signal ability, by my friend and colleague from the
city of New York, [Mr. Miller,] that it is not
worth while for me to consume my time, or the
time of the committee, in_discussing it.
Mr. Chairman, money, we are told, is the " sin-
ews of war," and is indispensable in its prosecu-
tion. How does the Administration propose to
obtain it? Will it resort to direct taxation ? How
does it propose to carry on this war? The coun-
try will not sanction an accumulating debt. We
have been experimenting upon our revenue sys-
tem, and have reduced our receipts, when the exi-
gencies of the country demanded a material in-
crease. We have repealed the tariff of 1842, which,
although defective in some of its details, brought
more prosperity to the country than any which
preceded it, and was yielding the largest amount of
revenue. We have substituted for it a system
which will not meet the expectation of its friends
as a revenue measure, and this at the very time we
had this war on our hands. And why was this
act repealed at such a moment? Why, sir, be-
cause a visionary Secretary of the Treasury assert-
ed that " the lowest rate of duty would yield the
largest amount of revenue." And one of his party
adherents on this floor ventured the wild assertion,
that a uniform duty of five per cent, would yield a
larger amount than a higher rate. It was shown
in both ends of this Capitol, that the proposed
change m the tariff would result in a large diminu-
tion of the revenue from imports. And the dis-
tinguished Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Web-
ster] showed most satisfactorily to my mind, and
I believe to every unprejudiced man in the coun-
try, that upon only six articles of import there
would be a falling off in the revenue of over three
millions of dollais. And he was sustained in this
opinion by an intelligent merchant of the city of
New York, a friend of the Administration, whose
letter he read to the Senate, and which has been
spread before the country. It is but a little more
than one year since the Secretary of the Treasury
made to Congress his report on finance, and upon
which report the present tariff act was framed.
One of the prominent features of that report is, as
I have said, that low duties yield the largest reve-
nue; this seeitis to have been then the cherished
opinion of the Secretary.
But let us look at his report, made to the Senate
a few days sincej and we will find that he has
changed his ground. He seems to have discovered
that an increase of duty on many articles will in-
crease the revenue. He is no doubt correct; and
hfid he proposed n fair revision of the act, I would
have had charity to believe that he was honest in
what he said; but the report is a little contemptible,
electioneering document, betraying incapacity and
ignorance; a mere trick, to gain a party advantage,
to soothe Pennsylvania and Louisiana by an in-
creased duty on coal, iron, and sugar. It is a direct
appeal to the working classes; recommends, amon|
other articles, an increase of the duty on cloths and
cassimeres costing over four dollars the square
yard; on printed calicoes costing over thirty cents;
and on shirting muslin costing over twenty cents;
with a reduction of duty on some few articles.
Why, sir, does he expect that such goods will be
imported ? A cassimere at four dollars is an arti-
cle rarely seen, and the other articles are rarely
imported. I have neither time nor disposition to
pursue this report; its aim and object is to make
political capital, rather than to increase the revenue.
I have a few words to say in relation to the tariff
act of the last session. The Secretary is right; it
does require revision; a change in it is certainly
demanded. But before I can vote for any altera-
tion, or a tax upon the free list, I must have the
principles of the tariff of 1842 restored. Revenue,
with protection to American labor, is what I
contend for, and I will never yield the principle
until I am satisfied of my error.
This question of protection can never be too
often agitated in this Hall. It is the duty of those
who believe in it to keep it before this House and
the country. Is this nation to avail itself of the
blessings showered upon it by a benign Provi-
dence, in the abundance of every raw material
used by man in a state of civilization, for the pur-
poses for which they were given; or is it, like the
unprofitable steward, to bury them in the earth'
What was it that our fathers"had in view in sever-
ing the links of the chain which bound us to the
Old World? It was to liberate man; to raise the
masses above the will of the privileged few; to
make this country independent in the most enlarged
sense of the term. Our country is blessed, as I
have said, with all the raw material which are the
sources of national wealth and individual comfort.
But they are of no value in the raw state. It is
not these which require protection, so much as the
labor requisite to bring them into use. What na-
tion has ever preserved its greatness or indepen-
dence, except in so far as it fostered and sustained
its own labor ? The history of the world proves
this. It is the policy of Europe to keep the masses
down; to cheapen labor; to make man a mere
physical being; to keep him in a degraded con-
dition. Our policy should be to elevate him. Man
is cheaper in the Old World than in the New.
What is the condition of the laboring classes in ||
almost every quarter of Europe? Why, sir, the
industrious and hard-working laborer cannot earn
more by incessant toil than barely sustains life in
a miserable condition, and deprived of all animal
food. This it is that makes protective duties
necessary, that we may not, by importing the pro-
ducts of this degraded labor, reduce its wages to
nearly the same standard in the United States.
I do not wish to enter upon a tedious argument
in support of this doctrine of protection; but, in
a political point of view, I consider it paramount
to all others—the great American principle, which
home, our mechanics did not fail to perceive it,
and to protest against it, until the employment of
the convicts in the State prison at Sing Sing was,
in a measure abandoned.
I call upon all who feel any interest in the labor-
ing classes—the nine-tenths of the people of the
United States—to ponder well these things. Ex-
perience may be appealed to with the greatest con-
fidence. Let our records be searched and exam-
ined, and they will prove that, whenever the labor
of the country has been fully protected, as it was
by the tariffs of 1828, 1832, and 1843, the people
of all denominations were fully employed at good
remunerating wages; and when they were not so
protected, (as in 1841, for instance,) the industry
of the whole country was paralyzed from the intro-
duction of this pauper labor of the Old World. I
am surprised, sir, that the great question of protec-
tion has not been brought into the discussions of
the present session. It is incidental to our whole
system of finance, and might have been appropri-
ately introduced. I fear the people will think that
the principle has been yielded to our opponents,
and that we have all become the advocates of free
trade. I cannot dismiss this subject without sound-
ing an alarm, that those who earn their bread by
their daily toil may arouse themselves, lest they
should discover, when it is too late, that this doc-
trine of free trade, or low duties, carried out, may
make man as cheap in the United States as he is
now in Europe.
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. A. P. BAGBY,
OF ALABAMA,
In the Senate of the United States.
February 15, 1847.
The Senate having under consideration the Three
Million Appropriation Bill—
Mr. BAGBY rose and said:
Mr. President: The events tlfet are passing
around us, and in which we are daily engaged, are
full of interest and full of instruction. I hope and
! trust we shall be impressed with the importance of
1 the one, and endeavor to apply the lessons derived
from the other, to the benefit of our common coun-
try. The immediate question before the Senate is
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan to
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] to the bill reported by
the Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, making a further appropriation, notto exceed
three millions of dollars, to bring the existing war
with Mexico to a speedy and honorable conclu-
sion. The amendment of the Senator from Geor-
gia contains no distinct substantive proposition,
wilTon ay be thl divid.nr{-re £etwek die two I but is, I apprehend, only intended by the honor
win ui y   j l._   to pvn Hnn nrv nf tnft obiect Ot
great parties of the country, and but for the war,
in which the country is now involved, would have
been the prominent question of this session. Even
at this moment I deem it of importance to call the
attention of the country to it. We find that at-
tempts have been made, and are still being made,
to deceive the people into a belief that they will
be benefited by the importation of foreign pro-
ducts, when thus to import them is to give admis-
sion to degraded labor, to the great injury of the
working classes.
We have been told, here in this Hall, that the
present foreign demand for our breadstuffs and pro-
visions lias been caused by the repeal of the tariff
act of 1842, and the other measures of Mr. Polk's
Administration; that the people of the country be-
lieved it. What nonsense! Do gentlemen really
. able mover to be explanatory of the object of the
| bill, and to disclaim the idea, that, on our part, the
; war is prosecuted with a view to conquest, or the
dismemberment of the republic of Mexico, or to
| the acquisition of any of the territory of 'Mexico
1 by. conquest. The amendment of the Sanator from
Michigan contains propositions intended to couri-
' teractUie effects of the amendment of the Senator
; from Georgia, and to leave the Government of the
' United States to prosecute the war upon such
principles, and with such objects, as it may deem
| wise and proper, untrammelled by any expression
| ofopinion on our part, in connexion with this bill.
! In the remarks I design to submit, I shall pass
! over the amendments as unnecessary, and proceed
at once to the consideration of the bill. The bill,
Mr. President, is simple and direct in its provi-
en lcciiiy | i x* J-X • * l ^ [ - . *
^^si^MSSSSS3nselSm
the misfortune" of others which has caused this de- fhaveTe^S of every measure
mand for our products; and while it has saved our | Mit Pre * thg vi us prosecution and
country from seriousembarrassnient, we oug no , S termination of this war; and the only rc-
to speak of it m a spirit of vain boaa ^. ■ p I have felt is, that the President has not call-
Congress has not acted with more promptness; and
State prison are precisely like the productions
the pauper laborers of Europe, inasmuch as Ue ; because 1 have the fullest
State was contcntcd to sell the pioducts o . , jn the wlg(j0m, sound discretion, and
labor at lower prices than wouldremnnera ;] iotism of the president, and that he will apply
i rallL-th'cheSnrng ^of man-las so neS ii Ft m a manner, if he uses it at all, to promote the
