398
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 15,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Bagby.
Senate.
the purpose of gratifying his own ambition, and
from a lust of gain, we are told, in the same breath
and from the same source, that those who have
been fighting our battles in the progress of this
war, have covered themselves and their country
with imperishable glory and renown. How is
this ? How do the denunciations of this war, so
far as the President is concerned, comport with
the overflowing laudations daily and profusely
showered upon those who are engaged in fighting
our battles in this war? The President is the com-
mander-in-chief of the army of the United States,
and is presumed to have ordered the commanding
general in Mexico to occupy every position which
he has occupied, and where, in the opinion of the
Senator from Ohio, this imperishable honor and
renown has been won; where the army has not
only covered'itself but the country with imperish-
able glory and renown; while the President, who
has ordered the movements by which these results
have been accomplished, is held up as a political
freebooter and robber, instigated only by a lust of
dominion, and a desire to aggrandize himself and
extend our territorial limits, at the expense of the
Constitution, at the expense of morality and pa-
triotism, at the expense of Christianity, and at the
expense, of a weak and distracted sister republic.
I ask, how can these things be ' If the war is un-
just and unholy in its'conception and its prosecu-
tion on our part, how are glory and immortality
won by those actually engaged in it, either for
themselves or their country > Are they not parti-
ceps criminis in the war? Are not those who vol-
untarily light the battles as criminal as those who
ordered the battles to be fought? Can a corrupt
tree bring forth good fruit? Can a war which, ac-
cording to the views entertained and expiessed by
the Senator from Ohio, was, in its origin, and the
motives in which it was conceived and prosecuted,
stewed and steeped m corruption—can such a war
cover the immediate actors in it with imperishable
glory and renown ? These are questions, the so-
lution of which I leave to the tragi-comica] logic
of the Senator from Ohio.
[Mr. Corwiw here explained, and said he had
not contended that the war was calculated to pro-
duce such results; that he had only contended that
the events of the war were creditable to those who
were fighting the battles of their country in Mex-
ico.j
Sir, I do not hold the Senator from Ohio to a
strict account for al] he has said. I concede much
to the latitude of discussion and the heat of debate.
I take his explanation m relation to his remarks,
but I cannot release him from his acts—they stand
upon the record of our proceedings. He voted for
the Monterey resolutions, and they are as compli-
mentary to those engaged in the war, as the re-
maiks of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr, President, I have been a slight observer of
men and things, and I think I see the difficulty in
which the Senator from Ohio is involved, and from
which he is anxious to extricate himself. And all
that I presume to censure the Senator for-i,-^ that
*hc does not come out with the frankness that be-
comes his character, and the independence that be-
longs to his station, and denounce this war in
terms, as he has satisfied you he does in feeling
and judgment, as unjust, on our part, in its causes",
wicked in its objects, desolating and murderous in
its prosecution, and ruinous to the country in its
consequences ! It is an easy thing, sir, to denounce
those who have been placed at the head of affairs
by millions of intelligent freemen, and who are
not here to defend themselves and their acts; but
here lies the rub. It vyill not do to censure and de-
nounce those who are braving the dangers of the
battle-field, in a foreign land, and the still greater
dangers of a malign and inhospitable climate, and
who gloriously defended their flag, and vindicated
the honor of the country, in every battle that has
been fought; and the Senator from Ohio knows it fall
well, fiiit I tell the Senator from Ohio, and I ap-
peal to his sense of justice and magnanimity upon
this point, that if he will not assume any of the
responsibilities of this war—if, as he says, it is un-
holy and unjust, he ought to be ashamed to claim
any of its merits, any of its glory, any of its re-
nown. And I again repeat, if I entertained the
opinions that have been expressed by the Senator
from Ohio in relation to the injustice of this war,
ana the iniquity of its prosecution, and the enor- li
mity, in a moral point of view, of its probable con-
sequences, sooner than I would open my lips for
the purpose of praising those who fight our battles
in Mexico, or voting supplies of men and money
to carry on the war, I would seal them up forever;
or # I attempted to speak for such a purpose, I
should pray that my tongue might cleave to the
roof of my mouth. If I entertained the opinions
advanced by the Senator from Ohio, I would de-
nounce the war in its progress, and through all its
stages, as wicked, unjust, immoral, and ruinous in
its consequences, and that no good thing- could
come out of it.
Sir, I do not understand that principle of morality
which bestows commendation upon men engaged
in a bad cause, nor that kind of patriotism which
inculcates a sympathy for your kind, but renders
you cold, and heartless, and indifferent, with re- i
spect to your kindred. My sympathies are for the j
surviving widows, and orphans, and kindred, of '
those of my own country who rest in honorable
graves, and for the wounded, who, in my judg-
ment, are bleeding in a righteous cause. The Sen-
ator from Ohio has evinced no sympathy for these;
his indignation has not been aroused at the recol-
lection of the fact, that when the Mexican army
marched out of the city of Monterey, after that
memorable capitulation, and the American army
marched into it, they found the American soldiers
who had been denied the right of sepulture by the
commander of the armies of the sister republic,
lying unburied, and actually in the act of being
devoured by Mexican dogs. For these, all these,
and many other outrages, humanity has no tears,
no sympathy; because, in regard to them, so far
as the Senator from Ohio is concerned, humanity
has no tongue. While, on the other hand,'the hon-
orable Senator, as if fresh from reading the "Sor- j
rows of Werter,"andkindred productions, collects 1
all the sympathetic energies of his nature around I
the couch of a wounded, dying soldier, where he i
finds a Mexican female sponging his parched and i
about to be closed lips with a little cold water; and 1
because she happens to be stricken down by a
cannon ball while thus engaged, the Senator rushes
to the conclusion, and proclaims it here, to Mex-
ico, and to the civilized world, that the President
of the United States commenced this horrid war to
shoot Mexican women ! The honorable Senator
was pleased to charge me with having said on a
former day, that I would rather see a hundred
thousand Mexican women slain, than one Ameri-
can woman made a widow. Sir, I pardon some-
thing—I pardon much—-to the sympathy and feel-
ing which the Senator from Ohio has exhibited for
Mexico. But I cannot permit the indulgence so
far as to allow the Senator from Ohio to put words
into my mouth which I never used, and attribute i
to me sentiments which I never entertained. "What |
I said then, and what I repeat now, was, that if the
army at Monterey had been captured, as, ill my
judgment it ought to have been, and compelled to j
surrender unconditionally, the war would have been I
ended. When I was reminded of the further de- !
struction of life that would have resulted to the in- i
habitants of Monterey if the battle had been further !
waged, T replied, that, it was the duty of the Mex- j
ican general to look to the protection of the inhab- !
itants of Monterey, and that it became American j
statesmen to think of the gallant men who might fall |]
in the further prosecution of this war, and of the
wives that might be made widows, and the children
that might be rendered fatherless by it; and con-
cluded with the declaration, that I would not see
one American female widowed, and plunged in
grief, or one American child subjected to the mis-
eries, neglect, and pangs of orphanage, for an hun-
dred such towns as Monterey. My sympathies
are for my country. I contrast them with those of
the Senator from Ohio, and leave the world to judge
between us. I cannot say to my own countrymen:
\ou may fall in defence of your country's rights .
unwept, unhonored, and unsung; your seed shall
be orphans; your wives be widows plunged in
grief; the voice of your children may be'heard cry- Ji
ing in the wilderness for bread, and I will witness j'
it ail unmoved. All my sympathies are for poor,
down-trodden Mexico, and those pious saints who I,
are inflicting these sufferings upon you ! No, sir, I j;
cannot do this. I leave it to be done by others— I;
if others can be found to do it. I!
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Ohio, not !•
contenting himself with extracting from the origin
of the war, and the objects of the war, and the
probable consequences of the war, sufficient odium
to overwhelm those at the head of affairs in the
government of his own country, and to bring down
upon them the detestation of mankind, and the
righteous indignation of an offended God; I say,
not satisfied with all this, he has ransacked the
pages of history, ante-diluvian and post-diluvian;
the venerable records of antiquity and the bloody
pages of the middle ages, and the darkest periods
of modern times, have been explored for the pur-
pose of finding examples to illustrate the Senator's
idea of the enormity of this war, and the motives
which prompted, and the objects for which it is
prosecuted, and its probable consequences. The
murder of Abel by Cam—and he says that Cain
was a hero—Nebuchadnezzar, and Cyrus, and Al-
exander, and Csesar, and Tamerlane, Nero, and
Caligula, and Cromwell, and Bonaparte, with A.
fervid description of all their crimes, run through
the speech of the honorable Senator in all the
mazes of metaphorical description; and by a pro-
cess peculiar to himself, the Senator extracted the
worst acts of the worst men, in the worst times,
in all ages, and gathered them into one dark cloud
for the purpose of overwhelming this Administra-
tion, and bringing reproach upon the Government
of his own country. All these men in bad times
were just like the President, influenced and opera-
ted upon by the worst of motives, coveting their
neighbors' lands, the lust of dominion, and want-
ing more room. Having drenched the Adminis-
tration, and through it "the Democratic party by
which it was brought into power, and finding that
the vials of his denunciation were not empty, the
Senator administered a portion of the dregs to cer-
tain of his friends on the other side of the Cham-
ber. Personating the man of Uz, he turned to
some of his friends, and exclaimed, " When I
wax warm my friends flee away from me;" and I
expected every moment to hear him, in the lan-
guage of the same patient and pious authority,
exclaim, "verily, (such is the enormity of this
combination between Democrats and some recre-
ant Whigs,) verily, my afflictions are greatei than
I can bear." "Oh! miserable man that I am,
who shall deliver me from the body of this death."
But the Senator did not stop here. Having ex-
hausted and dried up all these prolific sources of
Christian and unchristian history, he entered, noth-
ing loath, I thought, the mystical fields of heathen
mythology. And after having paid proper respect
to certain of their divinities, all the worst of which
were just like Mr. Polk about land, and plunder,
and unlawful conquest and dominion, he finally
came to Terminus, who 1 had been taught to be-
lieve was a fixed and stationary sort of a deity;
but the Senator from Ohio put him upon his feet,
(and Terminus must be under great obligations
for supplying him with feet, for he never had any
before,) and says that he, too, was like the Presi-
dent and wanted more room. And having sup-
plied him with feet, he is determined, in order to
makegood the comparison, that he shall use them;
and he represents him as being in the act of step-
ping off on one foot, with his finger pointing for-
ward to more territory. Whether his first move-
ment was upon the territory, of a sister republic,
the Senator did not vouchsafe to inform us. I
doubt whether such a sister as Mexico would have
! been found in-the days of Terminus.
i The Senator from Ohio having disposed of his
I heathen gods, some upon their feetand some upon
I their backs, shadowed forth, in the course of his re-
marks, another god, one who can receive no wor-
ship, no respect, no toleration, no adoration fiomme
—the gnm-visaged go.l of Abolition. lie told us if
Mexico was willing to cede a portion of her terri-
tory to us. or if we were to acquire it by conquest,
that no treaty could be ratified here, unless slavery,
by a fundamental law, was excluded from it. He
reminded us, in giaphic language, that the great
States of Ohio, New York, and Pennsylvania, had
moved in this matter, and that the free States were
united upon it as one man. 1 have seen for a long-
time that this spirit of Abolition was upon its
prowl, and I now see that it is abroad in daylight
in the land. Heretofore 1 have used my best cflbrts
to resist this spirit, and I shall continue to roist it
to the last. The Senator from Ohio sees, in the
further acquisition of territory, the seeds of disso-
