1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. JBagby.
Senate.
lution, and warns southern Senators to pause while
yet upon the brink of their country's ruin; and
reminds them that if these evils do come upon the
country, it will be owing to this lust of dominion,
and a determination to extend the area of slavery,
and that they will be accountable for it. Sir, this
has been the Federal doctrine from the foundation
of the Government, from its origin down to the
present time. It was so when Louisiana was ac-
quired. It was so when Florida was purchased. It
was so when Texas was annexed; and it was so
when our title to Oregon was under discussion.
In a word, with a certain set of statesmen, it has
been ever thus.
In the course of my public life, Mr. President,
humble and undistinguished as 1 know it has been,
I have never prided myself especially upon being
a southern man, nor have I been the peculiar ad-
vocate of sectional interest; but, claiming for my-
self the proud character of an American citizen, I
have endeavored to promote, to the best of my
ability, all the interests of a common country, and
to draw closer and make stronger the fraternal
bonds of our glorious Union. It was at the South
that the light of heaven first beamed upon these !
eyes, and there are thegraves of my ancestors, and \
the graves of my children are there. I love the i
Constitution of my country. It is the best and !
wisest form of government which the children of;
men, in any age or country, have been permitted
to enjoy, and my prayer with respect to it is, esto |j
perpetua. But I tell the Senator from Ohio, and :
proclaim to the world, that if the time has come
when that instrument is to cease to have the effect
which its illustrious authors designed it to have—
that of securing equal rights to the States of this
Union, and the great, essential rightsof life, liberty,
property, and reputation to the people of this Union
—I say, if by a wicked and dangerous construction
of that instrument it is not to accomplish these ends,
I would not give a rush for the Constitution: away
with it. If such a time has come, I shall become
sectional in my views; and while I entertain the
kindest feelings towards my fellow-citizens in the
free States, and the highest respect and admiration
for many of their statesmen, I wipe all trivial fond
records away that youth and observation copied
there, and the South shall live alone m my memo-
ry, my energies, and my exertions.
I will never consent that territory, acquired by
common blood and common treasure, shall be open
and free for the citizens of one portion of the
Union, with their property, while the citizens of
another portion of the Union and their property
are to be excluded from it: embracing, as that ex-
clusion would, those who have confided their rights,
in this particular, to me. Were I to yield to such
a proposition, I should disgrace the blood which :
runs in my veins, and be recreant to all the obliga- j
tions of duty. And in this sentiment the South is jj
united as one man. I go one step further. |j
My experience of compromises has not led me to j
favor them, or expect much from them. Nor am |
I prepared to say that I shall favor any compro- j
mise. We have had two compromises in the
history of this country. That of 1824 inflicted a ,s
fatal blow upon the rights of the South; and that
of 1832 jeoparded the great question of equal taxa-
tion for fifteen years. Happily, the latter has
been redeemed from the thraldom in which it was
thus placed, by the wisdom and firmness of the :
present Administration, and the great principles of s
free trade have triumphed, I hope and trust, for- j
ever. I must consider well before I can carry the
doctrine of compromise further.
And the Senator from Ohio is greatly mistaken
in supposing, that if the mighty evil of dissolution ;
is to come upon these States, and tear them asun- i
der, (which may the Almighty Ruler of nations!;
avert,) that he will be able to throw the responsi- !j
bility on the South, or on the Administration. ]Not ji
so, sir. I tell him, if his gloomy apprehensions ,j
are to be realized, and he and £ arc destined to
witness that disastrous period in the history of na- jj
tious, when a funeral veil is to be cast as a black
pail over the destinies of a great empire, and the ;;
foundations of the glorious fabric ot our Constitu- jj
tion are to be broken up; when the sainted forms |i
of the fathers of the Revolution, with that great ,
and.venerable man, (pointing to the portrait of,;
General Washington,) ''first in peace,first in war, m
and first in the hearts of his countrymen," arid
who, in the language of a celebrated British states-
man, furnished, more than any other human being,
the idea of a perfect manf at their head, are seen
marching in slow, silent, and solemn procession to
the grave of the republic, and the genius of free
government and American liberty are seen weeping
in bitter anguish over the desolate and smouldering
ruins of aviolated Constitution,an undone country,
and a ruined, distracted, and undone people, the
incarnate spirit of Abolition will be seen not far off,
perched upon the fatal bough of discord, anarchy,
and confusion, gazing with death-like, fiendish
malignity on the miserable scene. Mr. President,
I am anxious, deeply anxious, to avert from our
common country these portentous evils. But, sir,
I tell the Senator from Ohio, and I tell the men of
the North, that it can only be done in one way,
and that is, by conceding to the people of every
section of this Confederacy the equal rights secured
to them by the Constitution of a common coun-
try; by placing upon an equal footing the descend-
ants of those who fought at Lexington, and Con-
cord, and Bunker's Hill, and the descendants of
those who fought at Camden, and Guilford, and
Little York, both m regard to present and pro-
spective rights. But I have no fears with respect
to the dissolution of the Union. I am not to be
frightened when a madman stares. I rely upon
the sense of justice of the American people to sus-
tain me in the correctness of the views I have ex-
pressed, and to avert from my country the evils to
which I have alluded.
I believe with my honorable friend from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Cass,] that the clouds which flit across
our destiny, and inspire such gloomy apprehen-
sions in, the minds of some, will pass away, and
the sunshine of our prosperity will return with
more resplendent brightness, and that the Consti-
tution will stand, amidst all the assaults made upon
it, like the rock which, far from land, uproars its
majestic head, and remains unmoved by the storms
that agitate the ocean. In all these agreeable hopes
and anticipations I may be disappointed. It may
be, that under the influence of madness and folly,
or fanaticism, or unchastened ambition, the glori-
ous vessel of our Constitution is destined to go to
pieces. If so, I shall be found struggling amidst
the ruins of my country's wreck, endeavoring to
lay hold of some plank by which to save the great
principles of free government, the Union of these
States, and the liberty of my country from total de-
struction.
I proceed now, sir, to say a word upon the plans
that have been indicated m the course of this de-
bate in relation to the further prosecution of the
war. Three courses have been pointed out: First,
a vigorous prosecution of the war. Second, ta-
king a defensive line, and holding it—the territory
we now have—subject to future negotiation; and
third, the withdrawal of our troops to the east side
of the Rio Grande.
Mr. President, from the time Texas was annex-
ed to the United States in the manner in which it
was annexed, I have looked upon war with Mex-
ico as inevitable. For, although my honorable
friend from Michigan will remember that I was
not among the war inevitables on another question,
that in regard tp Mexico, knowing the obstinacy
of her character, seeing the blind infatuation of her
councils, and tendency of her policial regard to
Texas, I did consider war with her as inevitable. It
was "but natural, therefore, that I should have look-
ed to the origin, the prosecution, and the probable
consequence&of the war. With the unpleasant an-
ticipation that war would come, and with a full
view of the means it would require to prosecutc
it, and looking to its probable consequences, I
am still in favor, not only of a vigorous prosecution
of the war, but m favor of the most vigorous
means of prosecution of the war. I believe that
the best course for the United States, best for
Mexico, for that is the shortest mode, and best for
the cause of humanity itself. I am, therefore, m
favor of adding to, rather than taking from, the
means which have been asked by the Executive to
carry on this war.
The second proposition is, to take a defensive
line. This proposition, considering the source
from which it comes, [Mr. Calhoun*,] is entitled
to serious consideration. The Senator who brings
forwaid this proposition not only possesses great
abilities, and has long occupied a prominent posi-
tion in the political history of his country, bat
held, for a long time, the highest position under
the President connected with the military branch
of the public service. Under these circumstances,
it is but natural and proper that his opinions upon
a war measure should receive the most serious
consideration. But duly impressed with the just
weight of all these considerations, I dissent entirely
from the correctness of the line of policy which he
thinks it best to pursue in relation to the war with
Mexico. I feel compelled to differ from him, out
and out. Peace, permanent peace, should be the
object of all wars on the part of all Christian
nations. I consider that the establishment of a
defensive line of posts through the territory of
Mexico would lead to protracted, if not intermina-
ble, war between the two countries. For, ifMex-
ico is to be believed when she says she will never
treat until we withdraw our troops from her terri-
tory, how can it be expected, when we draw a
line with the sword across her territory, and de-
clare to her and to the world that we will hold it
subject to negotiation, that she will treat for peace?
The thing is unreasonable, and not to be expected.
Of all the wars which have agitated, desolated,
and distracted the world, these border wars, these
wars of posts, have been most disastrous. They
have ever been, and will continue to be, wars*.of
rapine and murder, of robbery and pillage and as-
sassination. History abounds with examples full
of fearful instruction upon this point. But this,
line would be utterly indefensible upon the plan of
the Senator from South Carolina. He proposes
for its defertee three fortifications and five regi*
ments. These posts would be more than one hun-
dred and fifty miles apart. You could not main-
tain these posts without a sufficient force at each
one of them to resist the whole imbodied rbrce of
Mexico. They would attack them in detail, and
they must fall, and your men be cut to picccs. Or
the Mexicans would cut your line and march into
Texas and desolate the country. The whole idea
of a defensive line appears to me to be utterly un-
tenable. You have crossed the Rubicon, and you
must carry the war into that part of Mexico where
she would feel its effects, before you can hope for
peace.
The third proposition is, to withdraw your troops
altogether. This, sir, I shall not discuss, but con-
tent myself with saying that, in my judgment, it
would disgrace us in the eyes of our own country-
men, and the rest of the civilized world, and even
of Mexico herself. And so far from adopting it,
if I had the power, I would place an army of fifty
thousand men in the heart of Mexico, and prose-
cute the war with all possible vigor, and never
relax until she sued for peace; and then I would
grant her such terms as the events of the war and
the principles of justice might seem to require. I
have heard, with regret, the assaults made upon
the Administration, with the view, it seems to me,
of bringing the Government of the United States
into contempt and detestation.
Mr. President, it is not my intention to enter
into a defence of the Administration against the
unjust, unmerited, and illiberal attacks that have
been made upon it. But little of my time has been
spent, as a public man, in praising those in power.
I remember ri^ht well, that there was a time when
I exerted my influence against the one-man power,
Executive encroachment, and the danger of despo-
tism; and when some of those who are now loud-
est in their denunciation of the present Executive
were feasting upon the boupty, and running riot in
the popularity, of him against whom, owing, I sup-
pose, to the philosophy of circumstances, they after-
wards brought these same charges. In this respect,
at least, I can say that I nm not as some other men.
But when i see an eminent citizen taken, without
solicitation, and without expectation on his part,
from the walks and pursuits of private life, and
placed by the voice of his countrymen at the head
of the Government, and laboring incessantly, with
patriotic devotion, to promote, according to his
views, the honor, the interest, and the piosperity,
of his country—when I hear such a man assaileu,
with a coarseness and vituperation beyond all for-
mer example, and utterly inconsistent with the de-
cency, decorum, and dignity, which ought always
to characterize the proceedings of this body, that
impulse which always prompts me to come to the
defence of the assailed and the unheard is hard to
