-400
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 18,
'29th Cong....3d Sess.
The Three, Million Bill—Mr. Butler.
Senate.
be resisted. But I shall leave the President to the
proud consciousness of having done his duty, and
to the just and impartial judgment of the American
people. That is the great tribunal to which he is
responsible for his public, acts, and from that judg-
ment he has nothing to fear, but everything to hope
and expect. «
A great judge of human nature and of human
affairs has said that reproach is a necessary ingre-
dient in the composition of all true glory. The
opponents of this Administration have adminis-
tered that drug with a most prodigal hand. That
which they have sown they will be sure to reap,
in the bitter fiuits, to them, of the glory and ap-
plause with which this Administration will be
crowned.
The hand of History—stern, inflexible History—
will soon be upon the curtain, and when it is fully
drawn up, and the acts of this Administration fairly
exhibited, I venture to assert, that when that is
done, there will be more seen in the acts of the
present Administration to approve than in any one
since the adoption of the Constitution, and that an
impartial people will so decide. This is all I have
to say in regard to the present Administration.
I mentioned in the opening of my remarks that
the scenes in which we are engaged and that are
daily passing around us were full of interest and full
of instruction. Most of the elements and principles
of free government have been drawn into this dis-
cussion. Senators have taken a wide range, and
traversed the portal of the temple of liberty, and
examined the foundation of the great pillars that
sustain it. Among the most important of these is
the liberty of speech and free discussion and the
liberty of the press. And while I have been grati-
fied, ahnost to mortification, at the pertinacity and
zeal vrah which the fust is maintained, I have not
been'without some misgivings with respect to the
safety of the other. It was not without deep mor-
tification that I heard the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Corwin] pronounce the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States to be a document fecu-
lent with lies. Still I was disposed to pardon
something to the spirit of liberty—to make some
allowance for the freedom of speech in the heat of
debate. But when memory, faithful to her office,
admonishes me that that Senator only a few days
ago voted for expelling from this body, on ac-
count of something published in the Union with
respect to certain members of this body, a man
venerable for his age, and for more than forty
years intimately and honorably and usefully asso-
ciated with the great Republican party, and whose
failings lean to virtue's side, and always to the
side of his country—if I did consider the assault
made upon the liberty of the press, in the person
of such a man, as ominous of evil, I could not re-
sist the conclusion that the Senator from Ohio was
much more disposed to teach by precept than ex-
ample, in regard to the decorum of debate and the
decencies of the press. Cut I venture to predict,
that whether this act of expulsion was intended by
thoso who perpetrated it to inflict .a wound upon
the freedom of the press, or disgrace upon the edi-
tor, it will prove equally impotent and vain. In-
stead of silencing the press, you have aroused it
against you throughout the land, and hundreds of
thousands of tongues, speaking in tones of untram-
melled freedom, will pronounce sentence of con-
demnation upon the act you have done. And, so
far from having disgraced the editor, you will find
the voice of public opinion, like the rushing of
many wateis, coming up from the extremities of the
republic, and hailing him with the cheering plaudit
of " well done, good and faithful servant." And,
when he returns to the land of his nativity, of his
infancy, of his youth, of his manhood, and of his old
age, too—for the frosts of seventy winters whiten
his locks—so far from being disgraced by your de-
cree, you will find that social and intellectual circle,
of which he has been so long a cherished member,
expanding itself to welcome and receive him. I
hope the Senate will pardon tli! digression, and
mark the prediction.
In conclusion, permit me to say, that I shall vote
for the bill without amendment. I do it under the
hope, unaided by much expectation, that it may
lead to a speedy peace. And I fervently beseech
the Divine Governor of the Universe so to overrule
and direct lis in this, and in all other matters, as
to promote the interest and the honor of our be-
loved country, and to render us a fit example for
the imitation of the other nations of the earth.
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
* _____
SPEECH Oi: MR. BUTLER,
of south carolina,
In the Senate of the United States,
February 18, 1847,
On the Bill making further Appropriation for the
purpose of bringing the War to a speedy and
honorable close.
Mr. BUTLER addressed the Senate as fol-
lows:
I approach this subject, sir, with an embarrass-
ment which I have in vain attempted to throw off.
But I will endeavor to redeem the pledge I made
yesterday, by confining my remarks within as
short a limit as possible; for, upon reflection, I am
much more disposed to listen to the remarks of others
than to offer any suggestions of my own. This
war has brought up subjects to the consideration
of this body which, viewed in whatever aspect,
are attended and surrounded with gloomy and
perplexing difficulties. My own mind has not
been relieved by anything which has yet been pro-
posed; and, when I say that it has not been re-
lieved, I am sure it would be vanity in me to sup-
pose that I could myself offer any remarks or
suggestions to relieve the difficulties of others.
Until I determined to make a few remarks on the
subject, I confess that I had not fully realized the
magnitude of the subject in all its bearings. We
are in the midst of a war. It has its horrors, its
calamities, and its hazards. They are inseparable
from war, and I do not know that they are more
revolting than those which accompany all wars.
But when 1 turn to another view of this subject,
I am still more appalled. I wish that I could
look to peace for any relief. We have the war;
and, at this very moment, whilst our friends
and kindred are either engaged in the perils of
the battle, or are proceeding thither amid all the
perils of a dangerous coast and tempestuous
ocean, instead of finding relief from any sugges-
tions made here for a speedy, honorable, and safe
peace, I find no other prospect presented to me,
if some of the demonstrations which have been
made—and they come in an imposing form from
imposing sources—are to be carried out, than that
peace will bring with it still gloomier circum-
stances; and that there will be more abiding perils
in the peace itself than there were dangers in the
war, viewed in any form in which you may choose
to regard them. It is an occasion, sir, which calls
for union, justice, and wisdom. It calls for the
spirit of compromise on the common altar of our
country. And yet, at this very time, when all
these influences united might save the country,
what do we find ? Discord mingling in our coun-
cils, with her profane torch raised, and shrieking
aloud that she is ready to burn down the temple
of our liberties, unless the terms of peace pre-
scribed by sectional fanaticism and sectional am-
bition shall be conceded! In these circumstances,
whether I look to war or to peace, it is scarcely
with hope. However, in a republic like this, amid
the agitations of a free, active, and progressive
public opinion, we must expect some of the hazards
to accompany tile glories of our institutions. We
must meet them as far and as well as we can.
As 1 intend to rely for the protection of the sec-
tion of the country which I have the honor in part
to represent, upon the guarantees of the Constitu-
tion, I will endeavor to avoid any sectional appeals
in any form whatever. I came here, certainly,
without disguise, but not as a partisan on this sub-
ject. I have no griefs to avenge—no favors to ask
—no aspirations beyond the peiformance of my
duty. And certainly, if it should be supposed
that I came here with any premeditated aversion
to this Administration, or especially to the Presi-
dent of the United States, there would be then a
great mistake. I will do the President and his
Administration justice; and when this war is, as
it has been, denounced as lawless in its origin,
unjust in its objects, and mischievous in its conse-
quences, 1 must say this much for the President,
that whilst, as far as its origin is concerned, he is,
in some measure, to be held responsible; yet, as
far as its consequences are concerned, I do not
see, Mr. President, why the odium or the respon-
sibility should be thrown upon him. I cannot
undertake to say what may have been the imme-
diate cause of this war; but I know one thing, it
has been recognised and sanctioned—if you choose
to say, declared—in a most solemn manner by
this legislature; and if the legislature of the Union
has adopted the war, it does seem to me that it is
only just that it should share fairly the responsi-
bility incident to it.
I do not intend to make any remarks on the ori-
gin of this war. I think it a good maxim, full of
wisdom: " Beware of an entrance to a quarrel;
but, being in, take care thine adversary beware of
thee!" And another: "Give thy thoughts no
tongue, nor any disproportioned thought his act."
Now we are in the war, I can see no wisdom in
advertising an enemy what shall be our ultimate
determination in relation to it. I think it impoli-
tic, unwise; and as far, thereforafas we can indi-
cate our utmost purpose, it ought to be kept to
ourselves. I think that the President thus far is
entitled to the indulgent consideration of this body.
He was placed in difficult circumstances. He
was called on to occupy the territory of Texas.
That territory had been ceded under peculiar cir-
cumstances. The boundaries were not defined,
but it was received, with instructions obligatory
on the President to take possession of it; and, as
the representative of the nation, he had to run all
the hazards of a collision with an enemy—I should
not say then an enemy—but with a government
that had disputed, not only the right of the repub-
lic on which we claimed our title, but disputed our
right to any portion of that territoiy whatsoever.
How, then, was the President to proceed? I will
endeavor to do him justice. He had to deal with
a suspicious and jealous people, whose irresponsi-
ble voice, full of violence and proud defiance, was
controlling, without much definite purpose, feeble
and timid factions. Well, no matter what had
been the position assumed by the President, it
would have been disputed. But, when the ces-
sion was made by this republic of Texas—and it
was the most extraordinary thing perhaps in the
history of nations to find one republic making a
grant of the whole of its domain to another—
when that cession was made, perhaps the Presi-
dent, thinking it proper to take possession co-
extensive with the limits of the' grant, found him-
self embarrassed, and ultimately involved against
his own design, in this collision with another gov-
ernment.
But, as I before said, we are in a war; and an
examination of its origin is at this moment unwise,
impolitic, and I cannot see any good that is to be
attained by it. I am not disposed to go beyond
its declaration, for declaration it is. This Govern-
ment, in the most solemn manner, put at the dis-
posal of the President ten millions of dollars and
fifty thousand troops. They placed the sword in
his hand, and authorized him to use it. After this,
what are we to do? That brings up the plain and
practical question which seems to be involved in
the bill on your table. What docs that bill pro-
pose ? I intend to speak directly to that before I
pass to the other topics of greater importance,
though, perhaps, not ultimately affecting the de-
cision of the question. What, then, is it > It is a
measure purporting to be for the purpose of ob-
taining a speedy, honorable, and, I hope, a safe
peace. Well, looking at it only as it concerns our
relations with a hostile Government, I would have
very little difficulty on the subject. It is only in
the other aspect, as respects its bearing on our own
domestic institutions, that it really becomes most
formidable. But if this be a measure for peace, to
take the alternative presented by my honorable
friend from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] I would
much prefer to " buy"—if you choose to use the
word—an honorable peace, made voluntarily by
the people of Mexico, rather than have any peace
extorted from them under the duresse of the can-
non or at the point of the bayonet. I do not know
that it would be a subject of reproach, but it would
be an event very muck to be deplored, if our army
were to penetrate into the heart of Mexico, an3
there undertake to dictate terms to the people by
making them pass under the yoke. It would be
unfortunate, so far as regards the peace itself.
