1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
29th Cong 2_t> Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Giddings,
Ho. of Reps.
stitutional obligations, or that i approve its wis-
dom; for I sea that it can be violated by one party—
by the stronger party—whilst its terms would be
observed with honorable scrupulosity by the other,
I think I may say that the slaveholding States
never have violated compacts and engagements; I
think they rfever will. They may have a narrow
morality, that looks too much to the letter. They
certainly do not pretend to that which soars so
high, that it always looks to the theory of benevo*-
lence where the rights of others are concerned, but
is willing to stoop to practical advantage. How
sublimely moral some people become when it costs I
them nothing! It does not become me to trace
.sectional distinctions; but I will observe this much,
the South is willing to observe her parole, through
evil as well as good. Let the North say the same
thing, and all will be safe. We are not disposed
to agitate this question; and if the horrors of civil
war should come, and such as have been portrayed
in such vivid colors, let history ask who did it?
The South can say: " Thou canst not say that I
did it; shake not those gory locks at me."
I know that it has been said, and from an impo-
sing source, that under the treaty-making power
Congress has, incidentally, an unlimited control
over the soil and territories of the Union. The
ground has been taken even thus far, that if the
United States were engaged in a war with a strange
Power, and any portion of our southern territory
were taken bv the enemy, it might be ceded abso-
lutely, or on teims, by the Federal Government;
that is to say. Georgia and South Carolina might
be ceded to Great Britain, or held by the States,
on condition that slavery should be abolished. If
this be true, the converse, involving the proposi-
tion presented in this discussion, would be true, to
wit, that all territory acquired from Mexico by
treaty might be subject to arbitrary and discrimi-
nating restrictions, and such as would make a
preference of one class of citizens to the piejudice
of others. The mode of acquiring title to land can
make no difference. If it be acquired by the joint
contribution of all the States, whether by money
or blood, it is to be held in subserviency to the
trust in the General Government for the benefit of
all the sovereign partners.
I have said that, as room for our population. I 1
want no more territory. We have enough for the
next century. That is not the prevailing opinion.
If a treaty should be made, territory will likely be ■
acquired under it. To suppose that such territory |
will be taken entirely in reference to the non-slave- t
holding States, and that by design it will be located !
beyond 36° 30', would, in effect, be to say, thatall I
acquisitions of territory by the United States shall j
be to the exclusion of slaveholding population. J
No, sir, that will not do. If the line were to come ;
as low as the degree indicated I would insist on its ;
coming lower down. In matters involving honor, .
individual or national, I would contend for the I
ninth part of a hair. It may be supposed, that ■
the South, to maintain and enjoy the securities of ,
the Union, would yield with servile submission. :
It is not for me lo say what would be done upon '
its being certainly understood that the South is .
never to participate iu the advantages of the pub- |
lie lands, by settlement of its citizens on them. I
This is no occasion for vaunting declarations. De- ,
clamatory violence will avail little. Disunion may
he a great calamity. It can never be contemplated 1
but with concern and apprehension. There are ,
greater curses than that. There can be no greater
curse to any people than by discriminating legis-
lation to be reduced from a broad equality to a
compromising degradation. It is difficult to sup-
pose that an armed people, unless they be degene-
rate and corrupt, could yield to such a fate.
In political matters we must look at a state of
things as we find them, and not as we would have
them to exist under speculative notions of policy.
If we could consult mere abstract principles of
policy, the country might be extricated from her
difficulties,.without running the hazards of acqui-
ring territory with provisoes and restrictions. But
what is the state of affairs now i I am informed
by my friend from Texas, [General Rusk,] that
associations of men are forming to colonize the
lands that have been overrun and occupied by our
troops; the lands are occupied, and already appro-
priated, by a strong population in the rear of our
posts. It may become the duty oi the United
States to assume a jurisdiction over them to pre-
vent—what must beregarded a great curse—settle-
ments by an irresponsible and criminal population.
It is the interest of the civilized world—of religion
—to pause upon such a state of things. The ques-
tion is, how is this to be done? The population
must be driven off, or they must be governed. The
subject is environed with dangers and difficulties of
no ordinary character. When I look around me,
and see so much wisdom and experience, I feel
hope, and some confidence, that proper sacrifices
will be made, not for party, but on the altar of pa-
triotism, to save the country.
A treaty might be made having reference en-
tirely to national objects. The ocean, as a com-
mon highway of nations, cannot be enjoyed with-
out ports and harbors. They are matters of great
importance to all the maritime nations of the earth.
The bay of St. Francisco may fall into the hands
of some other nation—Great Britain, for instance.
She has many scruples about any acquisitions.
She will be sure, while she denounces the policy
of others, to take all she can get. As a matter of
national policy perse, if I may use such an expres-
sion, it is desirable for the advantage of our navy—
the common property of all sections—to have a
eood port on the Pacific. St. Francisco is distant
| from Mexico, and not intimately connected with
j the integrity of hei home territory. If it, suited
her policy, in a fan treaty, it would be desirable
that some portion of Upper California should be
acquired by the United States. Such a treaty be-
ing entirely national, could not give rise to sec-
tional jealousies, unless sectional arrogance should
seek an occasion to publish an unnecessary and
wanton insult, by superfluous and mischievous pro-
visoes.
War cannot be concluded without some treaty
of peace. What that will be, must depend upon
the actual juncture of affairs that will exist at the
| time it is made. The responsibility of conducting
\ negotiations must rest somewhere. The President
being the responsible onxan and representative of
the nation, must have the primary agency in this
delicate business. Decorum, propriety, and official
justice, require that I should say that, in putting at
I the disposal of the President the amount of money
! asked for, it should be done without let or proviso;
: and if any proviso should be attached to it, I will
1 not give it my support. This measure mav not
i interfere with other operations of the war. I will
say openly, that I would rather quit the war alto-
gether than vote for an appropriation encumbered
with odious and mischievous restrictions.
The truth is, we are in a difficult predicament;
we can't quit the war with honor, nor go on with
it without increasing da^er. It would be pre-
sumption in me to make original suggestions. The
course proposed by mv colleague will be the one
that time and experience will confirm. So far as it
regards the mode of conducting the operations of
{ war, the impatient zeal of the moment may burst
j its violence on it.
Short and violent storms will pass over. A s con-
nected with this subject, in the estimation of some
of the speakers, there has been a great deal said
about the " Union" and the rights of its editor.
The editor having a full and 1 must sayfrtc use of
his paper, can blow off his fires of resentment. I
really do not complain. Having no resentments
to gratify, no favors to ask, no personal objects to
be attained by any party, I am rather in a state of
I indifference.
;j As it regards the President, he is, for many of
jj his measures, entitled to the support and gratitude
' of the South.
His bearing at the last session on the measures _
of free trade has given him, here and abroad, great j
reputation. !
The storm about the Union has nothing to do j
with the stability of the Government, I think :
that may endure amidst the siorm, the most ex- ;
traordinary one I ever knew. I think, like all
brush fires, it will soon burn out. I know enough
about new-ground clearings to know that light
brush will burn off, and leave the large timber un-
touched. The fiery declamation about the liberty
of the press leaves the subject about as indefinite
as the boundaries we ha\e been talking about, but
j thus far are enveloped in smoke and words.
: j 1 must now bring these remarks to a close. ^ Mr.
il President, we are certainly in a difficult position.
If we quit the war, it will be apparently with dis-
honor. If we go on, it must end in mischief. The
truth is, we are like the shepherd who has got the
wolf by the ears! It is hazardous to let go—it is
worse to hold on. What to do, I can scarcely
tell; I can do no more than offer my suggestions.
I shall take refuge in the wisdom, moderation, the
firmness of Senators upon this door, (and I hope
to hear them all, before I come to give my final
vote,) and I appeal to them. I have no vanity,
and so far as regards party feeling, none at all. I
have no aspirations. I shall not profit by the tri-
umphs of any one party in the United States. I
have no higher ambition than with fidelity to rep-
resent in part the State of South Carolina.
THE WILMOT PROVISO.
SPEECH OF ME. J. R. GIDDINGS,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
February 13, 1847.
On the proposition of Mr. Wilmot, prohibiting
Slavery from any territory which might be ac-
quired from Mexico.
Mr. GIDDINGS remarked, that every person
who had heard, or read the debates of this body,
during its present session, must be convinced that
questions of no ordinary magnitude are pending
before us. The fierce conflict of opinion, (said he,)
the criminations and recriminations, the stern de-
fiance, the solemn appeals, the impassioned elo-
quence, show conclusively that we are approach-
ing a crisis of deep and pervading interest. Indeed,
we must soon decide, so far as this present House
of Representatives can determine, whether the
blood and treasure of this nation shall be poured
out on Mexican soil, for the purpose of establish-
ing slavery upon territory hitherto consecrated to
freedom. The advocates of oppression from the
North and from the South will arrange themseives
in the affirmative, and the friends of freedom will
be found in the negative. A few yet remain ap-
parently undceided. The seductions of Executive
I favor are held out to entice them to inlist under
; the black flag of slavery; while the still, small
1 voice of reason and of conscience is beckoning
them to the ranks of liberty and of freedom.
Gentlemen from the South, with deep emotions,
have solemnly warned us, that if we persist in our
determination, the " Union will be dissolved." I do
not doubt their sincerity. But 1 would rather see
this Union rent into a thousand fragments than
ha\e mv country disgraced, and its moral purity
sacrificed, by the prosecution of a war for the ex-
tension of human bondage. Kor would I avoid
this issue, were it in my power. For many years
have I seen the rights of the Noith, and the vital
principles of our Constitution, surrendered to the
haughty vaporings of southern members. For
many years have I exerted my humble influence
to stimulate northern members to the maintenance
of our honor and of the Constitution: And now
I devoutly thank that God who has permitted me.
to witness the union of a portion of northern mem-
beis of both political patties, upon a question so
vital to our interests and honor, as well as to hu-
manity. I also rejoice that this is a question
which admits of no compromise. Slavery and
freedom are antagonisms. They must neces-
sarily be at war with each other. There can be
no compromise between right and wrong, or be-
tween virtue and crime. The conflicting interests
of slave and free labor have agitated this Govern-
ment from its foundation, and will continue to
agitate it, until truth and justice shall triumph over
error and oppression. Should the proposition now
before us fail, il will surely succeed at the next ses-
1 sion of Congress; for it is very evident that public
! sentiment in the free States is daily becoming more
t and more in favor of it. The legislatures sn six
! of those States have instructed their Senators and
' requested their Representatives to vote for this
: measure. Few gentlemen on this floor will disre-
' gard those resolutions when we come to the vote.
. Whigs and Democrats will then be found acting
j together. Our party attachments will be disre-
I garded, and the interests of the nation will receive
II our attention. Sir, for the first time in my life, I
