'40(4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 13,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Giddingg.
Ho. of Reps.
see northern Whigs and northern Democrats
standing shoulder to shoulder in the cause of hu-
man rights. Would to God that such might be
the case on all questions touching the interests, the
honor, and the rights of the free States and of man-
kind ! There is no good reason why northern Rep-
resentatives should waste their political power by'
party divisions among themselves. Let them act
irrespective of southern influence, and they wdl
agree upon all the great questions so vitally inter-
esting to our people. It is time that we should dis-
card those counsels which have led to the sacrifice
of nearly all our political interests. Before God
and my country, I solemnly pledge myself never
to place political confidence in any man who lacks
the honesty, or the firmness to speak and act in
favor of freedom and the Constitution.
The objects and ulterior designs of this war have
lately been so fully avowed, and are now so gen-
erally understood, that it would be a work of su-
pererogation to repeat them.
All, I belieie, are aware, and admit, that the
extension of slavery over territory now free, and
under the jurisdiction of Mexican laws, constitutes
the object for which such a vast expenditure of
blood and treasure is to be made: and I repeat,
that each member who is in favor of that object
will, of course, vote against the amendment which
will prohibit slavery within such territory as we
may acquire, if any; and those in favor of the
" felf-cvident truths" put foith by our fathers in .
1776', will vote for the amendment ofleied. The
war in which we are engaged has piecipitated this
issue upon us; and I rejoice ihat it is thus pre-
sented for our decision. I hope and trust our dc- ;
termination may be such as to meet the approval 1
of our consciences and of our God. This acqui- 1
siiion of slave territory, is substantially the same
quesuoimvhich was propounded to us when we i
were called to annex Texas to these States. The
subject is more generally understood, and better |
appreciated at this time than it was then. You,
Air. Chauman, well recollect Lhat the evening on '
which the resolutions for annexing Texas passed
this body, " the loud-mouthed cannon," from the ;
tonace in front of the Capitol, announced to the i
friends of that measure its final success. I was .
pensively wending my way to my lodgings, when i
my ears were saluted by the roar of those guns, 1
which I then most solemnly regarded as "minute '
iruns," announcing the final overthrow of the '
(Jmon which had been formed by our patriot ■
fathers. I clearly saw, or thought I saw, my
country involved in a system of territorial aggran- ,
dizenient; involved in aggressive war; expending
the blood and treasuie of the nation for the cxten- ,
sion of un institution odious to man and fuibidden ,
by the laws of God. As I then looked forwaid to :
the circumstances which now surround us, I was ■
greatly depies^ed with their contemplation.
Sir, Ions: before this war commenced, I declared, |
in this Hall, that " / would rather see a war icitk \
' Great Britain, with all its horrors, and its devasta- '
' tioii of public morals, than to see the people of the '
' free Mutes quietly submit to the annexation of Tex- '
as." t then deeply felt what I said. I felt that !
oue Constitution had ceased to limit the powers of)
either Congress or the Executive: 1 saw the union
of J787 broken up and abandoned, for the purpose
of brining into bur political association a foreign '
slaveholdmg Government: I saw that foreigners, !
as destitute of constitutional qualifications as any
other foreigneis, were to he placed in this Hall to .
strike down the interests and to control the r.ghts :
of my constituents, and of the free States: I saw 1
this warm prospect with its crimes and guilt: T ■
saw the national debt that has been, and is to be, i
incurred, the disgrace that is to rest upon our na-
tion, the strife and contention m which we are now '
engaged among ouiselves; and 1 clearly saw that 1
this career of conquest, if persisted m, must prove '
the grave of our republic: And I lepeat, that un- !
less the friends of the Constitution and of human- '
ity can now stop this policy of acquiring territory, !
the end of this Government draws near. During '
our present session I have received petitions f^om .
various States of this Union, numerously signed, 1
praying lhat our political association with Texas 1
may be dissolved. The petitioners base their re- ;
quests upon the fact, that the people of the flee 1
States have never authorized Congress to place ■
their rights or interests at the disposal of for- ■
'■A\
eigners. They feel that they have been transfer-
red like southern slaves to an association with
Texians; not by the votes of their own Represent-
atives, but by the votes of members from the slave
States, who felt that it would be for the benefit of
slavery that the freemen of the North should be
controlled by southern votes. Believe you, that
this feeling: is to die away while this war, designed
still further to degrade the North, shall be contin-
ued ? Will our people become satisfied while
northern freemen are called upon to go to Mexico,
and sacrifice their lives that the slave power may
be increased, and the North still further disgraced ?
I assure you, sir, that our people are becoming
aroused to the dangeis which threaten them: and
although men of high character and of command-
ing talents may deem it bad policy to speak forth
unwelcome truths, yet, sir, there are instrumen-
talities at work which will inform the public mind
of the true political condition of the free States:
and when the people of those States shall under-
stand fully the manner in which their interests have
been silently surrendered, and their constitutional
rights subverted, they will take care to place more
faithful sentinels upon the watchtowers of liberty.
Rut, sir, we have been told here, that ii the
Whig party are in favor of prosecuting this war."
Sir, I know not on what authority gentlemen
make this assertion. I deny that Representatives
from Pennsylvania are authorized to express on
this floor the wishes of the Whig party of Ohio;
or that gentlemen from Philadelphia have author-
ity to declare the views of my constituents. The
congressional district which I have the honor to
represent, gives the largest Whig majority of any
in the United States. And I have longer repre-
sented my constituents consecutively than any
other Whig member of thi* body except my ven-
erable friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ad\ais.]
I shall, therefore, speak for them as I was com-
missioned to do. Nor shall I silently allow any
other gentleman on this floor to represent them as
so ignorant of their moral and political duties, or
so lost to a just sense of their obligations to man-
kind, and to God, as to be willing to lend any as-
sistance m that work of human butchery now
going on m Mexico. Why, sir, when the brigade
in which the commercial city of Cleveland is sit-
uated, was called on for volunteers to aid this war,
only about thirty human beings could be found
sunk so low m the depths of moral depravity as
to be willing to join in cutting the throats of their
fnllow-rnen in Mexico. Another brigade in my
district, after searching all the haunts of vice and
dissipation, was able to furnish only three volun-
teers for this war. It should be borne in mind
that not one of the whole number was a Whig.
When the other brigade was called on, they re-
plied with one voice—" We will fight for liberty,
but net for slavt) y;" and to then honor be it said,
not a man of either political party would lend
his influence to the prosecution of this nefarious
war. Sii, let gentlemen speak for themselves, or
for their own districts, but let no man presume to
slander my people of either party by representing
them as favorable to,the prosecution of our con-
quests in Mcxico.
They, sir, understand what it is to defend their
country. They have had too much experience on
that subject, to be deceived by the cry that is now
raised, for the purpose of obtaining recruits to go
to Mexico. When, m 1812, British prowess had
captured our army under General Hull, and hordes
of Indians were hanging upon our frontiers; when
the cabins of our pioneers were lighted up by the
savage torch; when our women and children were
murdered, and the tomahawk and scalping-knife
were doing their work of destruction,—the fathers
of our present soldiery hastened to the field of
honor and of danger. They encountered priva-
tions and haidslnps. Windy speeches and such
overflowing gasconade as we have listened to in
this Hall, would not answer the purpose of that
day. With unflinching hearts and steady nerves,
they met the savage foe: they witnessed the hor-
rid scenes of blood and strife in defence of their
country. Sir, go talk to them now of their duty
to volunteer, to encounter such scenes again, in
order to extend slavery, and they will regard it as
a direct insult to their intelligence as well as their
patriotism. Their motto is, "No more slave-ter-
ritory." It is the motto of both political parties
there; and I trust this sentiment will be maintained
here. The resolutions lately passed by the almost
unanimous voice of the Legislatures of six sover-
eign States, including the three most powerful of
the Union, would seem to indicate a determination
to adhere to this maxim.
It is now quite evident that this war will pros-
trate the present Administration, and all who con-
tinue to lend their influence to support it. When
we next assemble here, the Whigs will probably
constitute a majority of this body. Will they, by
their votes, increase our national debt, by continu-
ing our conquests in Mexico? Will they send
more of our fellow-citizens there, to be sacrificed
to this Moloch of slavery ? If so, they, too, will
soon give place to those who will recall our army,
and stop the further effusion of blood and expendi-
ture of treasure, for extending the curse of human
bondage.
But while the Nortn possess the power to ex- -
elude farther slave territory, our danger consists in
our own party divisions, and in the far-reaching
policy of southern statesmen. But two days since,
a distinguished Senator in the other end of she Cap-
itol [Mr. Calhoun] brought forward a proposition
the most dangerous to northern rights that could
be devised under existing circumstances. Fore-
seeing, as all reflecting men do, that the army must
be withdrawn, if the opponents of the war remain
firm to their purpose, he proposes to compromise
the matter, by bringing back the troops to the Rio
Grande; to occupy that river from its mouth to the
" Passo del Norte," and from thence to erect a line
of fortifications due west to the Gulf of California;
holding possession of the whole Mexican territory
on this side of the line thus indicated until peace
shall be restored.
It should be borne in mind that the Mexican Gov-
ernment and the officers of their aimy are pledged
against all attempts at negotiating a peace with us
while our army occupies any portion of their ter-
ritory. If, therefore, this plan be adopted, we
shall be at the expense of holding military occu-
pation of the country for an indefinite period. The
Mexicans will not submit to a despotism wielded
by our military officers, and therefore will leave
the country; and slaveholders, with their human
chattels, will occupy their places. Our army will
act as a guard to keep the slaves in subjection,
while their professed object will be to defend the
country against the Mexicans. In this way a
sparse slaveholding population will be scattcied
over it, and perhaps at some future time Mexico,
exhausted and disheartened, may consent to cede
it to us. If so, there being so many slaves already
there, will be urged upon us as a conclusive reason
why slavery shall continue throughout that vast
extent of country. If, on the other hand, a peace
shall be concluded without obtaining a title to the
country, then a revolution after the example of
Texas will take place, and annexation to this
Union, with a vast increase of the slave power in
the councils of the nation, will be the result: for it
should be borne in mind that the territory thus
proposed to be occupied by us is of sufficient
extent to be divided into fourteen such States as
Ohio.
Some northern men appear to regard this pro-
posal with a degree of favor which alarms me. In
truth, Mr. Chairman, we have been so lon£accus-
tomed to surrender our rights to the demands of
the South, that some of our friends appeal to think
it improper for us to take a firm position in support
of the honor and the interests of our free States.
They seem willing to surrender a portion of our
rights to appease slaveholdmg rapacity. Sir, this
policy has already brought us to the verge of po-
litical ruin: continue it a little longer, and the peo-
ple of the free States will themselves be slaves.
Let the proposition alluded to be adopted, and the
power of the free States will dwindle to insignifi-
cance in the other branch of tho Legislature. We
shall then be regarded as useful to the Union only
as instruments to support slavery. Northern rights
and northern honor will be looked upon as among
the things that were: They will be unknown to
the future, I would most solemnly caution every
man against consenting to this proposed policy.
Its effect will be to extend the boundaries of Texas
to the Rio Grande. That was stated by the dis-
tinguished Senator to whom I have alluded to be
one of the great objects of the war. That plan,
