1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr.
Gid dings.
Ho. oe Reps.
once adopted, must prove fatal to the free States.
I repeat, let us stand immovably upon the maxim
of having " no more slave territory"—" no more
slave States." Let this be our watchword here
and m our State Legislatures, and among; the en-
tire people of the free States, including all "political
parties, and I assure you we shall have peace at
no distant day.
Again: some northern men who are opposed to
extending slavery appear wiJhng to obtain further
territory, under the impression that it will remain
free. 1 greatly fear, sir, if we add to the extent of
our southwestern border it will prove an extension
of slavery. I am therefore opposed to obtaining I
any more territory in that direction or in any other.
J would confine Texas to the precise limits occu-
pied by her at the time of annexation. Beyond
that, I would not extend the power of the slave-
holder to recapture his Slave. 1 would leave the
whole country beyond the valley of the Nueces
Jiee. Let it be a place of refuge, unpolluted by the
footsteps of the slave catcher; where the panting
fugitive may rest m safety; where no Texan mas-
ter shall have power to seize or reenslave him, as
he may now do in our free States.
I desire to call the attention of this body and of \
the country to the immense sacrifice of human life j
now making to carry on this war. The official !
documents before us show that twenty-three thou- !
sand nine hundred and ninety-eight officers and men, ,
entered the service during the first eight months of
this war; that fifteen thousand four hundred and
^eighty-six remained in service at the close of that
time', that three hundred and thirty-one had de-
serted; and that two thousand two hundred and
two had been discharged: leaving live thousand
nine hundred and nineteen unaccounted for. Thus,
in hale more than eight months, this war has cost
the lives of nearly six thousand American troops,
or about one-third of the whole number sent to
Mexico. A distinguished Senator [Mr. Calhoun]
estimates our loss at one-third of those who go to
that country. I presume the Mexican loss to be
about one-tlnrd as great as ours; and the whole
number of human beings sacrificed in this attempt
to extend slavery, is now about one thousand per
month. Sir, what should be the reflections of those
gentlemen who have contributed their votes and
their influence to send their neighbors and friends
in such numbers to Mexican graves? I regard
every regiment that marches for that countrylis a
funeral procession, one-third of whom are goino-to
their resting place in that vastcharnel-housebeyond
the Rio Grande, and another third to return with
shattered constitutions, doomed to early graves.
IIow long will the free States continue to furnish vic-
tims for this sacrifice '!
But I return to .the question more particularly
under consideration; It has been seriously argued
that we have no power to prohibit slavery from
such territory as we may acquire. Our feelings,
Mr. Chairman, often draw us into arguments of
the most extraordinary character. The question
has been asked, with an air of triumph, " Whe
nature's God—to take from man his right of self-
defence, and make him the property of his fellow
does Congress find authority to prohibit slavery in
our Territories?" I answer, we find it m the com-
mon powers of legislation: m the power to prevent
assault and battery, outrage, and crime. The law
that prevents one man from beating and scourging
another, is a total prohibition of slavery. INTor
can slavery exist where such law is enforced. In-
deed, while you leave the great first law of nature,
self-defence," unrepealed, you will exclude sla-
very. Leave to man the right of protecting his
person and defending his life, and you cannot en-
slave him. Now, sir, should we acquire territory
of Mexico, Congress must legislate for its govern-
ment until it shall be admitted as a State. And
who will deny that we may pass laws to punish
violence and outrage? Who will stand up here
m the presence of the nation, and say that Con-
gress will not possess the power to leave all the
inhabitants of that territory m possession of the
right to defend their persons, their virtue, and their
lives, against the violence and brutality of those
who would fain assail them? If any member of
this body would meet me on this point, and hazard
his reputation by avowing such doctrines,! should
be delighted to hear him. On the contrary, I
should be obliged to any man who will point me
to the power which Congress possesses under the
Constitution, to repeal the law of nature and of
If we possess the power to degrade one-half, or
two-thirds of the people, and convert them into
property, and vest the title to them In the other por-
tion of community, we may surely vest in one man
or in a larger number of men, the title to all the
others. Sur, is such doctrinc to be listened to in an
American Congress? We hold « that all men are
{ created free and equal, and are endowed by their
' Creator with certain inalienable rights, among
' which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi*
'ness; that to secure these rights, governments are
iformed among men." But it is now said that we
have no constitutional power to form a government
for such purposes in any territory which we pos-
sess, or which we may hereafter acquire. I think 1
such doctrine will be heard with astonishment by
the people of this Government, as well as by those
of other nations. Our Revolution was entirely
based upon those "self-evident truths" to which
I have alluded, and our Government was founded
on them. But we are now told that we have no
right to legislate for freedom; that our legislative
functions can only be exerted in extending and
increasing the curse of human bondage. °God
only knows what doennes we shall next be called
to listen to.
In the course of this debate, we have been told
that " a God of justice has ordained and established
slavery;* and " that the Scriptures of Divine Truth
have furnished authority for holding men as prop-
ertyI had hoped that our holy religion mi^ht
have escaped this slaveholding sacrilegc. Do Gen-
tlemen woishipaGod of oppression, of licentious-
ness, and of blood ? It is a notorious fact thjt the
average life of slaves, after entering the cotton
plantations of the South, is but seven years; and on
the sugar plantations, but five years—that is, the
whole number of slaves on these plantations are
driven so hard as to close their existence within
those periods. Their places are supplied by new
purchases from the slave-breeding States, and these
'in turn are also sacrificed to the master's cupidity
Is the taking of life in this manner less aggra\ated
murder than it would be to slay them at once? Is
there less crime in torturing a man so as to cause
his death in five or seven years, than there would
be in slaying him outright? Again, sir: look at
yonder slave prison; view its gloomy walls; enter
its ceils; witness the sighs, and groans, and tears
of its unhappy inmates, doomed to a southern
slave market; note the unutterable agony of that
mother, who has been torn from her home and
family, and all she holds dear. Rumor speaks
of one who, thus confined with two of her ehil-
a new constitutional theory was started. But, sir,
suppose that every slave in the nation should leave
his master to-morrow, and start for Canada or
Mexico ! Our Government has not the power to
arrest or send back one of them. Or should a
slave escape from Virginia to Ohio soil; and while
his master should endeavor to arrest him, the slave,
in self-defence, should slay the master: there is no
law of the Federal Government, or of our State,
that would punish him for it. Yet we hear much
said in regard to "Federal guarantees of slavery. '1
I repeat that I am unable to comprehend what they
mean by this language. If their slaves run away,
or kill their- masters, or destroy their master's
property, or refuse to labor, no master would think
of calling: on this Government for indemnity. Yet
they will talk of guarantees, without object and
without meaning.
During the debate, we have heard it asserted
repeatedly that the slave is the property of his mas-
i( ter. On what right docs the master claim title to
I! his slave as property? It is the same title by
jj which the pirate claims title to the goods of his
I: victim. It is the same by which the highwayman
ji claims title to your purse. It is founded in vio-
l! lenoe, and maintained by crime. Whenever the
slave becomes possessed of physical force suffi-
■! cient, he may relieve himself from bondage by any
means m his power, provided he does not injure
jj innocent persons. He may, without incurring
i; any moral guilt, use such violence as may be
jj necessary to effect his release from bondage, even
J: to the taking of his master's life. He is called
1 property by southern gentlemen. But suppose the
i slaves of the South were to rise and overpower
| their masters, and compel them to labor by'aid of
i chains and scourges: they would then have pre-
cisely the same title to their present owners as
| property which their masters now have to them.
I This, sir, is the only property which man can
j hold in man. Wo read in Scripture, that " God
j gave man dominion over the«fish of the. sta, and ortr
i the fowl of the airy and over every living thing (hat
j vioveth upon the earth." This is the title by which
. wc claim property in the brute cieation: but man
: can claim no such title to his fellow-man. We,
■ as a nation, in 1804, gave evidence to the world
j of the light in which we hold the doctrine that
i man may be held as the property of his brother
I man. At that time, Algiers held a number of our
j American citizens as slaves. They claimed them
! a a property. Their title was the same as that by
! which southern masters hold their slaves. It was
by physical force. There was less injustice on the
part of the Adelines than there is on the part of
.southern masters. They had held their victims
in bondage but a few years; while our slaveholders
dren, became frantic with her suffering, and, in a have kept theirs in servitude for ages. But how
transport of horror, murdered her children, and did we treat their claim of title' Why, sir, we
jj pronounced them " barbarians;" declared them un-
jj worthy of associating with civilized nations, or
!' even to maintain an existence upon earth. We
' sent an armed force there, and from the cannon's
- mouth proclaimed to the world the just and bloody
!, fate of those slaveholders who claim to hold the
i I image of God as property.
j! Decatur, Isiael, Caldwell, and Somers, offered
ij up their lives in the conflict which released the
1 j grasp of those barbarians upon our people. At the
j western entrance to this Capitol we pass the heau-
>: tiful monument reared to their memories. They
1 fell while opposing, by their swords, this doctrine
i of property in man. Many a slaveholder that day
| " bit the dust" in attempting to maintain the doc-
I trine now advanced on this floor. Sir, if this
1 theory, now the scoff of infidel nations, is to be
; adopted in this body; if our fellow-citizens, by
I thousands, are to march to Mexico and shed their
; blood for the purpose of maintaining this doctrine,
j let us tear down that monument, raze it to its
j foundations, scatter to the four winds of heaven
| the inscriptions which commemorate the deeds of
: the mightv dead, blot out your records of the past,
! and let'our nation commence a new career of vio-
then put a period to her own existence, rather
than meet the doom that awaited her. Yet we are
told, even by those who minister at slavehoklin0-
altars, that these " things are dictated by God him-
self." To me the doctrine appears impious. I
would sooner be an infidel than render homage to
such a Deity. I loath and detest such doctrines,
whether they emanate from laymen or professed
divines. The mind that can impute the moral
corruptions, the reeking crimes of slavery, to a
holy, just, and pure God, would, in my opinion,
sustain the most horrid rites of Paganism: would
worship in temples stained with bloT>d,and minis-
ter at altars smoking with human sacrifice,_ if
nccessary to sustain the rurse of slavery. J regard
the devotees of .Tuggernaut'far more consistent than
such Christians.
Gentlemen from the South have constantly re-
ferred to what they term " the guarantees of slavery
in the Federal Constitution." I am myself unable ;
to comprehend their meaning by the use of that :
language. I have made the inquiry on this floor j
for the'article or section in which such guarantee :
may be found; but to this day, I have found no
lawyer, statesman, or jurist, who could point me
to it. I hesitate not to say, there is no guarantee of lence, oppression, and infamy,
slaiery in our political compact. Slavery is pnroly
a State institution, over which this Government '
possesses no power, either to establish, sustain, or :
to abolish. This has ever been the sentiment of the :
entire South, until within the last three years, when !
they discovered that it was necessary to ha\ e Tex- j
as, in order to hold their slaves in bondage. Then 1
Mr. Chairman, this whole body is now theo-
retically in committee for the purpose of consider-
ing the state of the Union. The practice was adopted
during the Revolution, and is unknown to all other
legislative bodies. After the colonies had formed
a confederation, for the purpose of mutual defence,
the maintenance of their Union became a matter
