406
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 22,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Army Bill—Mr. Winthrop.
Ho. of Reps.
of great solicitude, and was regarded as their only
hope for establishing our national independence.
Congress, therefore, frequently resolved itself into
a committee composed of the whole body, in order
to consider the state of the Union. If any part of
it was in danger; if any portion of it complained,
or felt dissatisfied, this committee took the subject
into serious consideration, and applied the neces-
sary remedy. It was felt necessary then to main-
tain a union of feeling among the people, and to
cultivate a spirit of the most perfect harmony be-
tween all parts of the republic. Sir, in imitation
of their example, we, the Representatives of this
mighty nation, have now resolved ourselves into a
committee for the purpose of taking into consid-
ex'ation the "present state of our Union;" I therefore
desire to call the attention of the committee to that
subject.
One of the stipulations contained in the Articles
of the Confederation of 1778, declared that the then
existing Union should be perpetual, and that no
change or alteration should be made without the
consent of each of the several States. But it was
soon discovered that radical defects existed in that
confederated Government; and the statesmen of
that day saw clearly that it could not be maintained.
In the short period of nine years, the Union of
1778 was abandoned, contrary to, and in direct vio-
lation of, the stipulations of the old Articles of Con-
federation; and a Constitution was adopted, as was
emphatically expressed in the preamble, "in order
to form a more perfect Union." The new Union
formed in 1787, was limited by well-defined bound-
aries. It embraced certain States, together with
the territory northwest of the Ohio river, and east
of the Mississippi. Slavery existed in the origi-
nal States; but our fathers, in order to leave a last-
ing memorial of their intention to confine it to its
then existing boundaries, had excluded it forever
from all the territory then in the possession of the
Government. Less than twenty years, however,
elapsed before it was discovered that certain com-
mercial advantages would be gained by obtaining
Louisiana. Mr. Jefferson said distinctly that there
was no power in the Government to make such an
addition to the then existing Union; and that an
amendment to the Constitution was necessary, in
order to render such an act binding upon the States.
I am not aware that any statesman of that day de-
nied the doctrine; but all the States, by common
consent, received the territory thus purchased into
political fellowship, and it thus became a part of
the Union, which from that period existed in its
modified form until the purchase of Florida, which
was obtained by treaty, and, by consent of each
of the several States, and' it also became a part of
this confederation. This vast accession of slave
territory was received to the political fellowship of
the free States, by their own unanimous consent.
I think no statesman of that day, or of this, believed
that they were compelled by any provision of the
Constitution, to enter into a political union with
foreign slaveholders, who inhabited the territory
thus brought into association with us. But the '
time approached when new doctrines and new con- j
stitutiona! principles, were necessary to maintain
an institution fast sinking into contempt among
civilized'nations. j
Our Executive was informed that slavery would j
probably soon be abolished in Texas, and that civil 1
liberty was likely to extend over that republic. He [
deprecated such an event, and, under the pretence 1
that it was our duty to prevent the abolition of j
slavery, and consequent extension of liberty, pro- I
pos>ed to annex it to this Union, where lie seemed '
to think that oppression, human degradation and I
crime, would be protected and maintained. At- '
tempts were made to annex the two Governments i
bv treaty, but the constitutional power rejected the '
offer. Recourse was then had to joint resolutions, ]
a mode for effecting that object never dreamed of1
by any statesman, until it was suggested by the
desperation to which the slave power was then re- |
duced. Then, sir, the Representatives of the slave- j
breeding and of the slave-consuming States in this
body declared that the people of New England, I
the descendants of the Puritan fathers, should be
transferred from the union formed in 1787, to a !
political fellowship with the blacklegs and slave- !
mongers of Texas, in order to sustain African ser- !
vitude in that Government. Thus, sir, have our ;
rights been mad.- the sport of slaveholding pohti- I
cians, and the people of the free States rendered the
instruments of oppression to our fellow men. For-
eigners, aliens to this republic,have been brought
into this Hall to pass laws for the government of
northern freemen. Men who, fifteen months since,
were the sworn supporters of a foreign slavehold-
ing Government, founded upon the principles of
perpetual slavery, sit here to control the inter-
ests and to determine the rights of those whose
fathers encountered the dangers of many a battle-
field, that they and their descendants might be free
and independent of foreign influences. When
Washington and his compatriots framed our Con-
stitution, and solemnly declared "that no person
should be a Representative in Congress until he shall
have been seven years a eithen of the United Slates,"
and "that no person shall he a Senator until he shall
have been nine years a citizen of the United States,"
they did not dream that these important provisions
were to be so soon trampled upon, and this Hall,
consecrated to American liberty, was to be defiled
with the presence of strangers from a foreign Gov-
ernment, who deny the " self-evident truths" on
wfiich American liberty is founded, and who buy
and sell the image of our God. Sir, before Him
who knows my inmost soul, I declare that I would
rather have seen these beautiful pillars crumbled
to dust, and this splendid edifice shaken from its
foundations, " so that not one stone should remain
upon another," than to have witnessed this hu-
miliation of the free North.
Nor is this all. We have assumed the war which
these foreigners had waged against Mexico, to pre-
vent the abolition of slavery in Texas. The ex-
pense of that unjust and unnatural conflict, is to
rest upon the people of the free States, and upon
their descendants. Our officers and soldiers are
sent to Mexico to sacrifice their lives, that Texans i
may hold their grasp upon their fellow-men; and
commit abuses, outrage, and crimes, against them
with impunity. This, sir, is the state of our
union with Texas. It is the union which binds
the oppressed to his supercilious lordling. It is the
union which a slave feels for his master. It is an
unwilling, dishonorable, a hated union. Yet, I am
aware that many of our public men speak of main-
taining the Constitution; as though Congress, or
the Executive were, in some respect, controlled by
an instrument, which has long since become obso-
lete, which has, in fact, ceased to exist, except in
name. I am unwilling to mock the people by any
such deception. I believe that ninety-nine out of
every hundred, in our free States, would rejoice to
see the resolutions annexing Texas to these States
repealed, and our modified Union of 1787 restored.
Indeed, I believe the President and his cabinet
would now rejoice to exchange Texas for a peace
with Mexico.
In conclusion, permit me to say to the country,
that our political horizon is overcast; "clouds and
Mr. W., in support of these several propositions,
said: There are few things, Mr. Chairman, more
trying to the temper of one who has any reverence
for order, or any regard for appropriateness, than
the course of proceedings in this House. It was a
saying of Solomon, "a word spoken in due season,
how good is it." Another of his proverbs com-
pared such a word to " apples of gold in pictures
of silver." But it would have puzzled even Solo-
mon himself to realize his own ideas in such a body
as this. There seems to be no such thing as say-
ing a seasonable word in this House. No man
can say the thing he wishes to say, at the time he
wishes to say it. One must be always out of sea-
son, either for himelf, or for the House, or for the
subject, or perhaps for all at once.
My own experience upon this point does not
differ materially, I am sure, from that of those
around me. A few weeks ago I desired to say
something about the loan bill. What happened ?
It was whipped through the House at the rate of
half a million a minute. One hour of discussion was
allowed for a bill of twenty-eight millions of dollars!
Nothing remained for all of us but silent votes.
Next came the three million bill. I desired to
say a word about that. But, after struggling for
the floor for two or three days, I was compelled to
content myself with an unexplained vote upon that
bill also.
Last week I had proposed to make a few remarks
upon the army bill, which, it was understood, was
to form the subject of debate on Friday and Satur-
day. Other business intervened, and no army bill .
was brought forward.
This morning I came into the House prepared
to enter upon the discussion of the new tariff bill,
which the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means had given us formal notice would be
taken up to-day. But the new tariff bill is now
I passed over, and, lo ! the army bill is before us.
■ Well, sir, I will not complain. I ought to be too
i grateful, perhaps, for getting the floor at all, amidst
such a crowd of competitors, to indulge m any
fault-finding on the occasion. At any rate, I will
seize the moment as it flies; revert, as well as I
can, to my last week's preparations, and proceed
without further preface, to the consideration of the
bill which has just been read.
As one of the members of the committee by
which this bill has been framed, I feel bound to call
the attention of the House and of the country to
its peculiar and extraordinary character. Un-
doubtedly, sir, it is the great bill of the session.
It appropriates a sum of money little short of thir-
l ty millions of dollars to the military-service of the
j Government. The amendments which will be
j moved, under the authority of the Committee of
i Ways and Means, will probably swell the amount
i considerably beyond that sum. It has been pre-
pared in conformity with estimates from the de-
darkness are round about us;" and impenetrable j partments, looking to the most vigorous prosecu-
darkness shuts the future from our view. Foreign j; tion of the existing war. More than fourteen
war, and internal strife, animosities, and heart- :] millions of dollars are appropriated to " transpor-
buruings, indicate that this nation is doomed to j' tations and supplies in the Quartermaster's Depart-
suffer The just penalty incurred by the oppression, 'i ment"—an item having unquestionable reference
outrage, and crime, which we have perpetrated ;| to further and still further invasion of the territo-
upon our fellow men. If God deals out to offend- |j ries of Mexico. Finally, sir, this bill runs through
ing nations, retx-ibutive justice, we cannot escape ,j a period of sixteen months from this 22d day of
his displeasure. j' February, and provides for supporting and prose-
  11 cuting this war to the 30th day of June, 1848 !
J Mr. Chairman, the Congress of the United States
; to-day has some control over the Executive m re-
] lation to this war. To-day, discussion in regard
| to its ends and objects, its conduct and its conclu-
j] sion, is something more than empty breath. To-
jj day, the Representatives of the people have the
j[ reins in their own hands. But pass this bill; pass
jl it without proviso or limitation, and to-morrow
j the President is out of our reach. We have given
] him a carte blanche. We have given him a charter
wide as the wind. We have surrendered the purse
soes: .'i to the same hands which already hold the sword,
" Provided, That no mr.ie tban a proportionate amount of j 'lave virtually said to him, " March on, slay,
the money apptopriated by the two fir«t sections of this bill !i burn, sack, plunder, at your own sovereign will
Su«^ m^rrter of the year for ij So fras tMrty milKons ot'aoIlars
"ProviJrJ, also, That so much of the said appropriations M , , forces alone (to say nothing of ten or
as shall be unexpended at the next meeting of Congress, jl twelve millions more for the navy) will serve your
shall be subject to reconsideration and jevoeation. i j turn, you have unlimited discretion to invade and
«-Provided further, f hat these appiopriations- aie made I conquer for sixteen month* to enmp
twthno view of sanctioning any prosecution of the exi&tin? {! ThJo i monl"fc> tocome _
jar with Mexico for the acquisition of territory to form new j| f K18,sji\ is the language of this bill, as it stands.
States to be added to the Umon, oi for the dismemberment !I republican language? Is it democratic lan-
many way Ot the republic of Mexico." H guage? Is it constitutional language?
TOE ARMY BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. R. C. WINTHROP,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House or Representatives,
February *22, 1847.
The Army Bill being under consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole—
Mr. WINTHROP offered the following provi- i
