1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Army Bill—Mr. Winthrop.
Ho. of Reps.
Are you aware, Mr. Chairman, is this House
aware, that the Parliament of Great Britain—om-
nipotent, as it is often called—have never ventured,
of late years, to pass such a bill as this ? The
British Parliament, in all the plenitude of its power,
could not pass this bill, without violating one of
the principles of the Constitution of the realm.
That principle, unwritten, indeed, but firmly es-
tablished by the practice of a long series of years,
is, that appropriations for the support of standing
armies should not be made for a longer term than
a single year.
Our own Constitution is explicit upon the sub-
ject. Congress shall have power, it says, " to
' raise and support armies, but no appropriation of
• money to that use shall be for a longer term than
'two years." This bill keeps carefully within
the letter of the Constitution; but how far does it
conform to the spirit of the instrument? Who can
doubt that this limitation of two years had refer-
ence to the Congressional term—to the official
tenure of the Representatives of the people? Who
can question that this limitation was intended to
secure to each successive Congress the opportu-
nity and the right of controlling the supplies for the
army during its own term, and to prevent the Rep-
resentatives of the people at any time from fore-
stalling the action of their freshly-chosen succes-
sors?
Now, sir, what are we doing here to-day ? The
term of the present Congress is oil the eve of expi-
ration. In less than another fortnight this body will
have finished its work, for good or for evil, and will
be dissolved. A new Congress is already in part
elected. By the theory of the Constitution, it will
be in existence on the morning of the 4th ofMarch
next. It ought to be practically in existence, ready
to proceed, at the summons of the Executive, to
the discharge of its duties. At all events, its con-
stitutional tern^ commences on that day; and on
that day the functions and the authority of the
present Congress are at an end. And yet here we
are, in this last hour of our existence, proposing
to stretch out a dead hand over sixteen months
out of the twenty-four months of the term of our
successors—over two-thirds of their whole official
existence—and to foreclose, for that long period,
all right, or certainly all power, on their part, to
control the course of the Government upon so mo-
mentous a subject as the prosecution of a war of
invasion and conquest. The Representatives of
the people, freshly chosen, are, according to this
bill, to have no voice as to the number of the
standing army of the country, or as to its employ-
ment and support at home or abroad, for sixteen
months from the commencement of their term.
Sir, this is a new course of proceeding in this
country. It never was known till now in time of
war. It has been known but for a very few years
in time of peace. Until 1843 our appropriation
bills ran from January to January. A change of
the fiscal year was then made as a matter of con-
venience. I have no doubt that it has proved a
matter of great convenience; and, as an airange-
raenl for a time of peace, I do not object to it. But
1 utterly protest against its being applied under the
present circumstances of the country, and to the
extent to which this bill proposes to carry it.
In my judgment, sir, a due regard to republican
principles, to the spirit of the Constitution, to the
rights of the people as committed to their Repre-
sentatives, would demand of us to forbear from
making appropriations which should render the
Executive independent of the Legislative depart-
ment in the prosecution of this war, not merely
beyond December next, when the new Congress
would regularly be assembled, but even beyond
the earliest day at which that Congress could be
convened under a call from the President.
I have no fancy for extra sessions of Congress.
.Nothing would be less convenient or less agreeable
to myself personally than to be called herein June
or July. But it is not what you or I might find
agreeable or convenient that we are called on to
consider at such a moment as this, but what the
principles of the Constitution and the interests of
the country require.
Still less are we at liberty to shape our legisla-
tion according to the likings or dislikings of the
President. I have no idea that the President de-
sires us to leave him under any necessity to sum-
mon a new Congress. He has given abundant
evidence of his disposition to do without Congress
altogether. A more edifying chapter will never be
found in our history than that which shall fully
and faithfully record the encroachments of the
Executive upon the Legislative authority during
the two last years. The first march of the Amer-
ican army across the Sabine—where was the con-
stitutional power of the President to direct that?
The. annexation of Texas to this Union was not
then consummated. Six months were yet to elapse
before that act was to be completed. Doubtless
this Government had incurred some obligation to
defend Texas from the consequences to which that
measure had exposed her. But that was an obli-
gation for Congress to recognise—for Congress to
provide for. The President, however, determined
to do without Congress, and took the responsibility
of marching our armies into a foreign country. A
more palpable violation of the Constitution was
never perpetrated.
Then came the march across the Nueces, into a
territory which Congress had expressly declared
to be a disputed territory. Sir, the determination
of the President to do without Congress, to avoid '•
and evade its legitimate control, was the more sig- ,
nal in this case, from the fact that Congress was at I
that moment in session. It would only have re- 1
quired a message from one end of Pennsylvania
avenue to the other, to have enabled the President
to obtain the opinion and decision of the Senate
and House of Representatives of the United States
upon a movement which was the indisputable
source and spring of this Mexican war. But the
President knew that the decision of Congress
would be against any such movement. He deter- j
mined, therefore, to do without Congress, and issued j
an order for the march secretly, stealthily, alid j
upon his own unwarranted authority. I repeat,
then, Mr. Chairman, without detaining the com-
mittee with other and obvious instances, that the
willingness of the President to do without Congress
is quite too manifest; and that it is not to his likings
or dislikings, but to our own constitutional rights
and responsibilities, that we ought to look, in de- 1
ciding how far it is fit to place him beyond the i
reach of legislative control and restraint, and how j
long it is fit to leave him there. i
Let it not be forgotten, sir, that during the last '
war Congress was never out of session for more i
than three or four months at a time. The truly j
democratic President of that day, Jambs Madison,
would never have dreamed of doing without Con-
gress for sixteen months in time of war. Bu t the
democratic Congress of that day did not wait for
the Executive to summon them. They adjourned
themselves from time to time. If their term ended
in March, they appointed a meeting for the new
Consress in July; if they closed a session in July, ;
they adjourned to meet in November. They plain- I
ly regarded it as their constitutional right and their
constitutional duty to watch over the progress of
the war, and to provide pro re natd for its exigen-
cies and its emergencies.
And this unquestionably, Mr. Chairman, is the
duty of Congress now. The new Congress, fresh
from the people, ought to decide, and ought to be
left free to decide, what should be done m relation i
to this Mexican war, and what provisions should ^
be made for its future prosecution during the next ;
two years. Sir, an appeal has been made to the ij
people on this very subject. Their representatives ! j
have been chosen in many cases, and are on the jj
point of being chosen in many other cases, with ij
reference to this war. The war has been condemn-;;
ed in many parts of the country, and is doomed to j
condemnation in many other parts. How few of j,
us are to be our own successors (if I may so jj
speak) in the next Congress ! Everybody knows '!
that tliere will be a very different state of parties
in this House next year, even if majorities and |j
minorities should not absolutely change sides, j.
And is the revolution of popular sentiment thus ;
indicated, to be deprived of all operation and influ- \ \
ence unon this odious war for a year and a half to ij
come?' Is that your idea of democracy? Sir, if 'j
the Administration insist upon pressing these^enor- |j
mous supplies through the House in this last week j
of its official existence, it will be because they •
know that the new Congress would not grant them, j
and because they intend to persist in the proseeu- I
tion of the war in defiance of the plainest manifes- i
tations of the will of the people!
And here let me remind the committee that there
is nothing in this bill to prevent the President from
employing this whole vast sum of thirty millions
of dollars in a single month. After the 1st day of
July next the whole of it will be at his disposal.
He may spend it all in one mad and desperate on-
slaught upon Mexico, and come back upon Con-
gress in December to supply the deficiencies efthe
year!
Sir, have we not built up the Executive power,
of this country to a sufficiently fearful height alrea-
dy? We have given the President a standing
army of nearly thirty thousand men. We have
authorized him to appoint fouror five hundred odi-
cers in the ten new regiments, upon his own re-
sponsibility, without any appeal to the Senate.
We have heard of the "King's Own" and the
" Ctueen's Own" in other countries: these regi-
ments are clearly " the President's Own," "Polk's
Own." We have authorizad him to employ fifty
thousand volunteers, and he has called upon us to
extend this authority. We now propose to give
him thirty millions of dollars, without limitation
or condition, and to bid him ride on, conquering
and to conquer, for a year and a half, unless in the
mean time he shall want more money ! Once more
I ask, is this Democracy ?
Mr. Chairman, I have intimated on another oc-
casion that I do not go so far as some others of
my friends in regard to the propriety or expedi-
ency of witholding all supplies from the Execu-
tive. While a foreign nation is still in arms
against us, I would limit the supplies to some rea-
sonable scale of defence, rather than withhold them
altogether. I would pay for all services of regu-
lars or volunteers already contracted for. I would
provide ample means to prevent our array from
suffering, whether from the foe or from famine, as
i long as they are ill the field under constitutional
j authority. Heaven forbid that our gallant troops
I should be left to perish for want of supplies, be-
I cause they are on a foreign soil, while they are
| liable to be shot down by the command of their
1 own officers if they refuse to remain there ! But I
; cannot regard it as consistent with constitutional
i or republican principles to pass this bill as it now
j stands. Even if I approved the war, I should re-
' gard such a course of legislation as unwarrantable.
Disapproving it, as I unequivocally and unquali-
fiedly do, I am the more induced to interpose these
objections to its adoption.
Sir, this whole Executive policy of overrunning
Mexico, to obtain territorial indemnities for pecu-
niary claims and the expenses of the war, is ab-
horrent to every idea of humanity and of honor.
For one, I do not desiie the acquisition of one inch
of territory by conquest. I desire to see no fields
of blood annexed to this Union, whether the price
of the treachery by which they have been pro-
cured shall be three million pieces of silver or only
thirty. I want no more areas of freedom. Area,
if I remember right, signified thrashing-floor, in my
old school dictionary. We have had enough of
these areas, whether of freedom or slavery; and I
trust this war will be brought to a close without
multiplying or extending them.
1 repeat this the more emphatically, lest my vote
m favor of the three-million bill should be misin-
terpreted. Nothing was further from my inten-
tion, in giving that vote, than to sanction the pol-
icy of the Executive in regard to the territories of
Mexico. If lie insists, indeed, on pursuing that
policy, and if a majority of Congress insist on giv-
m<r him the means, I prefer purchase to conquest,
and had rather authorize the expenditure of three
millions to pay Mexico than of thirty millions to
whip her But everybody must have understood
that the promo was a virtual nullification of the
bill for any purpose of acquiring territory in the
hands of a southern Administration. ...
It was for that proviso that I voted. I wished to
tret the <n'eat principle which it lmbodied fairly on
the statute-book. I believe it to be a perfectly
constitutional principle, and an eminently conser-
vative principle.
Sir those who undertake to dispute tne con-
stitutionality of that principle, must rule out of
existence something more than the immortal ordi-
nance of 1787. Mv honorable friend from South
Carolina [Mr. Burt] reminded us the other eiay
that Mr. Madison, in the Federalist, had cast some
doubt on the authority of the Confederauve Con-
