412
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 22,
29th Cong 2b Sess.
Array Appropriation Bill—Mr. Pendleton.
Ho. of Reps.
to the interest charged upon the price. That is,
for less than six years, set down at §6,570—six
thousand five hundred and seventy dollars. Ma-
king, for fifty-six dozen bottles of porter, the nice
little snm of $8,260—eight thousand two hundred and
sixty dollars!
I do not say all these accounts are of that sort.
But this I will say, that many of them are more
unreasonable.
The claims not decided by the board are as fol-
lows:
Union Land Company*  §680,000
Trinity Land Company  2,154,604
The claim of William S. Parrott  986,880
For goods lost in Parian, and interest.. 44,890
R. R. Turnage, for schooner seized in
Texas    40,000
Gilbert Thompson, land claim  407,000
§4,313,374
Now, I will not undertake to affirm that there is
no justice in any of-these claims. There may be
justice, in some decree, in all of them. But almost
the entire amount is for lands in Texas—the claims
founded on an allege 1 contract with Texas, when
Texas was a department of Mexico. The claims,
if good for anything, are good for the land; and
good against Texas, not against Mexico. And in
no view has our Government anything to do with
it, for they are avowed to lest on the ground of
contract; and the wrong, if there be any wrong, is
not of the sort that our Government has any right
to redress or to interfere about, except With its
"friendly offices/'
The case of Parrott is stated to be " for various
claims on Mexico, arising from contracts, and
partly from wrongs done," " forced loans," and
various oppressions, "under color of judicial pro-
ceedings, from the year 1833 to 1837." During
this time he was a resident. I do not know whether
he had become a citizen of Mexico.
If I had time, sir, 1 would enter much more into
detail on the meiits, or if you choose the demerits,
of these claims. The patriotic appeals of Mr. Polk
in his annual message have brought them here, sir,
and made it your duty and mine to look at them,
and see what they are.
It has served at least one purpose, so far as T
am concerned. I had heard so much about the
" poifidy," the outrages, the indolence, the injus-
tice, and dishonesty of Mexico, that I had taken
it foi granted it was all true. I will not now say !
jt is faf&e, but I find no proof of it m the record.
But it is said^ all through the country, that Con-
gress declared war; and that great injustice is done j
the President in calling it his war. j
I do not mean to repeat, what has been proven i
in this House and in the Senate, fifty times ovet, !
that the war with Mexico was brought on by Mr. '
Polk, and by him alone. That very Secretary of '
State, who more than nil other men, causcd"the !
annexation of Texas, and who more than any one j
man in the United States, contributed to the eiec- |
tion of James K. Polk, as a means of ensuring that !
annexation, has admitted in the Senate of the Uni- !
ted States, within the present week, that the true 1
causo of the war was the movement of the Ameri-
can army, made by order of Mr. Polk. Mr. Cal- ,
houn maintains, that Mr. Polk had no more right
to decide what was our precise boundary, than ;
you or I have. And no man ever advanced a propo- !
sition more undeniable. <
Sir, he might have gone farther back, and in- ■
voived himself and his friends, deeply, in the cen- |
sure, which impartial history is bound to visit on i
that lawless proceeding. I do not speak so much ;
of the propriety of the annexation of Texas, if it!
had been conducted deliberately, prudently, and j
remecttWlly to all parties concerned. j
That the joint resolution mode of annexation '
would infallibly produce war, unless Mexico was '•
restrained by a deep sense of her inability to main- !
tain it, was manifest to all, not too blind to sec 1
anything, or not willingly shutting their eyes, to i
the most Obvious truth/ And I may add, that I do |
not believe there is any Government in the world j
that would not have justified her in making it a
cause of ^war. This is certain, that in no part of
the civilized world have any indications of the
v A very small fraction of this claim isr'ornn nilceed seiz-
ure of a ship.ind cargo, and raw/, therefoie, be a nioner cau«e
for the mtei fei ence of Government.
opinions of disinterested men been made, which
ha^e not been, in utter reprobation of the whole
transaction.
It has been said, that they who predicted this
result, have worked out the fulfilment of their own
prophecy. How stupid the proposition ! The
whole process has been left to the hands of the
Democracy. The people of the United States, de-
luded into the belief that it was a peaceful, an easy,
and most judicious operation, disregarded the warn-
ings of the truest and wisest sentinels, who for
forty years have stood upon the watchtowers of our
Constitution. They preferred to trust the counsels I
of the Baltimore Convention; and these assured (
them, that they had nothing to do, but to place the 1
Democratic party in power, and no harm would
come, of the annexation of Texas.* The idea of
war was a "Whig humbug"—li a cheat and a
fraud" attempted upon the people of this country.
These virtuous victims of Mexican spoliations
and outrage, were here in Washington—specu- t
lators and adventurers, jobbers and shavers, and
bond-holders, congregated about our Capitol; and, |
according to a very distinguished Senator from
Missouri, the White House itself, was in the hands
of a desperate gang, who fashioned the policy,
and directed the action of our own Executive.
It was in vain that every Whig man and every
Whig press in the republic appealed to the people,
in the most solemn warnings, of the inevitable
consequences of hasty and violent measures, in the
matter of annexation. Polk, Dallas, Texas, and
the tariff of '42, swept all before them.
I Mr. Polk was elected, Texas was annexed, and
! war followed. Whether war was the'eertain and
j necessary effect of the act of annexation, or was
1 brought about by the blunders of the Executive, ■
may be a question. But it is a question not worth
discussing; for, in either ease, the entire responsi- i
bihty rests on that party, of which Mr. Polk is the
leader and chief.
My own impression is, that the President and
his advisers are more to blame than the party. A
little war was necessary to give the crowning glory
to the Administration of this Hickory Junior. His
first impression was, to measure arms with an ad-
versary who, according to the most inflated con-
ceptions <>f those about him, was worthy of his
steel. " The whole or none" of Oregon was an-
nounced by his organ to be the ground on which
j he planted himself. His followers in this Hall
I gave us to understand that the British lion was to
| be humbled in the dust. Laurels were to be won
' from that great power, whose martial history, rich
; with the recorded trophies of centuries of war, yet
1 records no moment of her existence, when she
. was so potent as now.
! Jt was fortunate for us that Congress was eon-
; suited. The Senate of the United States, not yet
; mad with party rage, had the discretion and firm-
ness to arrest the President in his absurd course.
^ Planting themselves upon the extreme ground of
our just pretensions; presenting, calmly"but firm-
| ly, a fair and just proposition, thejr not only
; averted that great calamity which Executive infat-
i nation seemed to have courted, but they gained
■ for the country everything which reasonable men
claimed. The greatest of Mr. Polk's leaders [Mr.
, Bextox] has recorded, in a senatorial debate, that
they who claimed more should be "cut for the
■ simples." His acknowledged official newspaper
. organ was in ecstasies for months, not that we had
; escaped a war with Great Britain, but that we had
' gained so much by negotiation. The "firmness,"
the the ^diplomatic address," of our Chief
.: Magistrate, were the themes on which this high-
j1 toned organ pealed its loudest and its sweetest
j notes of praise. Prom day to day it trembled in
1 an agony of patriotic apprehension, lest the people
should fail to he sufficiently thankful for the hap-
piness of living under such a jewel of a President.
!| We were told, if he had not gone for " fifty-four-
;■ forty," he would never have gotten " forty-nine,"
i a credit which I am sure the President would not
!j claim for himself, since it would imply that our
Government had introduced upon the great theatre
;| of international intercourse the tactics of the stable
j yard, where a jockey might be expected to felici-
j'; tale himself on getting fifty dollars fdV his beast,
!; by asking a hundred for him at first.
' Mr. Speaker, it would seem that our Presi-
dent was not himself so well satisfied with the
issue of that adventure. He was so keen for a
brush with somebody, that, in western phrase,
"he couldn't keep." He had either desired to
fight England or to bully her; but the Senate would
not let him, and he determined that he would have
it all his own way the next time. He would dis-
pense with the assistance of his faithful Lords and
Commons in this Capitol, and take the whole mat-
ter in his own hands.
There was no risk in it. "Jl single regiment"
could march ffr the halls of the Montezumas.
Mexico was a poor and feeble republic—distracted
in her councils, exhausted by her revolutions, and
bleeding at every pore, from the rage and fury of
contending factions. We were at peace with her,
to be sure, though wc had just taken to ourselves
a large portion of what she claimed as her territo-
ry. She had made no war on us-for this, although
she had threatened it. She committed against us
no greater offence, and made no more resistance
than did the eels, when they excited the indigna-
tion of the cook, by not lying still to be skinned.
She was not precisely quiet, for she mustered a
ragged retinue of miserable monteneros and ran-
cheros, on her own undisputed territory, however.
And there they blew their bugles, and fired off their
harmless escopettes. And there they would prob-
ably have remained a reasonable time, to satisfy
their own people that, if we had only gone over to
them, they would have given us such a thrashing
as men never received before.
It had really come to be doubtful whether one
Whig prophecy would not, at last, he falsified—
that the annexation of Texas would produce war. So
unwilling were the Mexicans to go to war, if it
could possibly be avoided, that their general is
said to have written a letter, or authorized one to
he written, to ours, proposing that each army
should remain on its respective side of the dispu-
ted territory; and thus, being separated by many
miles, an actual collision might be avoided, and
the peace of the two countries preserved, until ne-
gotiation might settle the controversy. I state this
fact on the authority of Mr. Calhoun, the distin-
guished Senator and Democratic leader from South
Carolina, who, a few days ago, referred to it in the
Senate. The Mexican President, it would seem,
was willing to make a manifestation of resentment
and spirit that would satisfy the outraged feelings
of his countrymen. He desired and intended no
more, if that letter was written.
But,.sir, our President, it would seem, was of
less pacific disposition. He forthwith marches his
army across the disputed territory, to the utmost
verge of our farthest pretensions. And then, as if
determined to make peace impossible, he builds
him a fortification, and points his batteries upon a
Mexican city. Meanwhile, his fleets had been
spread upon her coast, and proclamation of his
hostile purposes made and circulated through her
provinces. Still he keeps the whole matter in his
own hands; and never, until he had provoked ac-
tual collision, did he condescend to make any com-
munication to Congress on the subject. When,
finally, he had clTected that much, he sent us his
message, not to consult whether we should declare
war against Mexico or not, but informing us that
war did exist, and asking of us supplies of men and
money.
I will give the true history of this so-called dec-
laration of war in as few words as possible; for
never was there a public transaction of this Gov-
ernment in regard to whicfc more absurd and ridic-
ulous falsehood has been uttered and published.
On the 11th of May, 1846, the President of the
United States sent to Congress a message, inform-
ing us that war did actually exist at that time, be-
tween Mexico and the United States. He said
that the Mexican Government "have at Inst invaded
our territory, and shed the blood of our felloie-citizens
on our own soil;" and he says in another place that
uivar exUts, and, notwithstanding all our efforts to
avoid it, exists by the act of Mexico herself "
It was proposed by a Whig member [Mr. Win-
tiirop] that the documents accompanying the mes-
sage be read. By a strictly party vote, this motion
was rejected. The House wont immediately into
Committee of the Whole. The committee rose in
a very short time, and reported a bill according to
the President's wishes. The previous question
was called and carried, and the House brought to
vote without one word of explanation, proof, or
