1847.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Pendleton.
Ho. of Reps.
argument, on the amendment which asserts the
existence of war " by the act of Mexico."
On this question the vote stood ayes 123 to 67
noes. Of the. nays, twelve were of the Democratic
party, viz: Mr. Dunlap, of Maine; Messrs. Burt,
Holmes, Rhett, Sims, Simpson, and Woodward,
of South Carolina; and Messrs. Bayly, Bedinger,
Bu!>ard, Hunter, and Seddon, of Virginia.
The amendments having been gone through,
anil the bill engrossed, the question came on its
final passage. Again the previous question was
moved and seconded; and, after some ineffectual
efforts on the part of various members to enter
their protest, against this very preamble, the vote
was forced, under the gag, and the bill carried by
ayes 174, nays 14. The record itself gives the
lie to the statement, that the sixty-seven affirmed
the existence of war " by the act of Mexico." It
shows that they voted for the bill furnishing sup-
plies to relieve the army of the United States, and
to maintain the honor of the Government and
country, despite the objectionable preamble, which,
whether true or false, they were not prepared to
say, and theiefore did not desire to say.
The whole proceeding, from beginning to end,
occupied but a small portion of a single day. The
previous question was applied at every step; and
all debate, explanation, and every attempt to get
information, was put down by party votes of the
dominant party. If the Whig party of Congress
committed an error in adopting the preamble, that
" irar existed by the act of Mexico," I have shown
that they were forced into a position, in which
they were compelled either to make that admis-
sion, (whatever their doubts about it,) or to refuse
the means of rescuing our whole army, from what
seemed to be inevitable destruction.
We endeavored to strike out this preamble, he-
cause wc doubted its truth. We tried to debate
it. We were borne down, not by argument or
proof, but by brute force—by mere numbers.
Nearly every Wh in this House voted against
it, and twelve of the Democratic party recoided
their.votes with us, but m vain. It was passed,
as any other proposition it suited the party to
affirm" could have iieen, and would have been
affirmed. This is certain, that whether the fact
asserted was a fact or not, there was not one of
those who did assert it, that did or could have
known it to be a fact!—unless he had information
that was not public.
Beaten on this point, we had no alternative left
but to refuse the supplies, or vote for the bill with
the preamble. As many of our party as could get
the floor, (I mean by party those who voted
agninst the preamble,) Mr. Davis of Kentucky,
and Mr. Bayly of Virginia, did protest against
the preamble, and yet vote for the whole. Their
reasons were known to be our reasons—all of us
at least who voted for the bill, acted on precisely
those identical reasons.
Gut fourteen srcntlemen voted against the meas-
ure. Instantly thev were denounced through the
land as " Mexicans," and traitors to their own
country. Tve who voted for it are now, against
the truth of history, in the face of the journals of
Congress, falsely and slanderously charged, with
bein^ responsible for the preamble as well as for
the lull.
If we were wrong, even for the potent consid-
erations, that did induce us to go for the measure,
to give it our support, then our offence " hath this
extent, no more." We voted supplies to save
the aimy. We could not be bullied, nor tricked
out of giving that vote, though a tyrant majority
foiced us, by the power of numbers, to endorse
the word of your own President; for we had his
word that war did exist, and that by the act of
Mexico. If it were true, then there is no harm
done—if false, then the falsehood is not ours. If
we erred in believing the President, we crave for-
giveness of the Democracy. It was a weakness,
if weakness at all, towards which they should be
indulgent. If prosecuted for the offence, we could
plead Unit our intention was honest—if for a pecu-
niary penalty, we could undoubtedly get oft on the
ground, that our endoisement of your President's
veracity, was extorted bv yon, whilst you held us
under "duresse. It is one of those propositions
about which, so far as your regular palace men
are concerned, "the least said, is the soonest
mended."
An honorable member from Illinois [Mr. Fick-
lin] has complained, that the Whigs do not vote
against the supplies, as he says the Federalists,
during the war of 1812, did. He complains that
we are against the war, and still vote supplies.
The gentleman has only expressed what his party
generally has deemed it prudent to suitress.
They would have been delighted, sir, if the
whole Whig party had voted constantly against
supplies. From the commencement of this war,
measuies have been shaped so as to drive the
Whigs into a position, if possible, that the impu-
dent charge of hostility to their own country might
be made against them with some appearance of
truth
Measures, necessary and indispensable, are made
so odious and objectionable, by some disgusting
and inappropriate appendage, that we are some-
times constrained to vote against them; and,forth-
with, hired organs denounce us as of the Mexican
party.
The President asks for three millions. It is un-
derstood that his object is to purchase peace, and to
buy us a little more land. Four hundred millions
of acres of unoccupied land are not sufficient for us;
we must buy a little more. Yes, we who cannot
sell for a dollar and a quarter an acre lands richer
than the banks of the Nile, must buy .more, and
thus increase the fund with which men, who play
for the Presidency, seek to bribe the people and
demoralize the republic; as if, sir, we were less
anxious to preserve our Union, than to make the
resources of public corruption eternal and inex-
haustible. We are reluctant to vote for such an
appropriation; yet, anxious to do everything we
can do, conscientiously and constitutionally, to aid
and sustain the President in his present emeigency,
wc determine to vote for it. But, just as we were
about to do so, a leading Democratic friend of the
Administration [Mr. Wilmot] offers a proviso,
that the land, when got, shall be made into free
States, whether they will or not, and! vote against
it.
Am I to be denounced for that? Not in the
South, I think. But in the North, I suppose, all
who stand in that position, will be considered as
" giving aid and comfort to the enemy"—as refu-
sing to the President the means of carrying on
the war.
So m various other instances, things which we
could take of themselves have been so mixed up
with some " vile and villanous compound,'' that
we are constrained to reject the whole.
Now, sir, does not this mode of carrying on the
war look like it was more a war on the Whig party
than against Mexico ? :
That it was, in its inception, a mere party move-
ment; a stroke of policy, by which the Democratic
party was to confirm and establish its dominion m 1
the country, is, I apprehend, not questioned • by ,
any mind, which looks an inch beyond the sulfate
of "things. And a very piofound stroke it was
thought to be.
These gentlemen have taken up an idea that war
is, m itself, and always, popular; that because the
two necessary and unavoidable wars we have had
with England were seconded and sustained by the
public enthusiasm, that now any paity will be
odious that cjvows itself a peace party. They do ;
not understand, and cannot be made to compre-
hend, the extent of our advance in civilization, 'i
They have "not learned that the people of' this
country are sufficiently elevated and enlightened
to look upon war as a thing which, though some-
times unavoidable, is always the greatest calamity j
that can scourge a nation.
Suppose some man had dreamed, that he had ■
witnessed and overheard the proceedings of some
jacobimcal conclave, that fashions the policy of
this Administration—some standing committee of
the Baltimore Convention, appointed by that wise
body, to a sort of vice-royal agency, during its
recess, to consider, when need be, the ways and
means of keeping down the Whigs; and it was
imnressed upon his mind that he heard a speech,
every word of which he remembered in his waking
hours—a speech so satisfactory to the conspnators '
as to fix tlieii policy, and to terminate their delib-
erations—the spee.ch running thus: "We have,
brethren,a difficult path to tread; it is not strewed
with roses, but beset with pitfalls, and all manner
of dangeis. We reached power by unnatural and i,
fraudulent combinations; we can only retain it by
sleepless vigilance and address. Our measures of
public policy are humbugs, that approximate al-
i ready their inevitable fate of explosion. It be-
j hooves us to do something that will, at the same
] time, divert the public attention from our charla-
'! tanism, and weaken and make odious our Whig
! opponents. Let us make a war. Let us make it
in a way so grossly unconstitutional, so outrage-
ously unjust, that all moderate men will be shocked
; at its enormity. Let the President make it, and,
j | having done so, bring it to Congress, and demand
! that Congress approve it, and say that Mexico
! made it, and that it is a just and righteous war.
j Our boys will come up to the scratch. No fear of
them. The Whigs would of course vote against
ij so much of the proposition. But, with these as-
II sertions of false facts, we will mix up other ingre-
j| dierits. We will make an appropriation of men
j! and money, to save the lives of our countrymen,
ij and the honor of our arms. Keep the whole
!; firmly together. If they try to sepal ate the propo-
i sitions, gag them. Make them swallow the 'whole
;; or none.'
; " Then we have them effectually on the hip. If
1; they vote for the whole, then they are as respon-
sible as we are for the war; and if they afterwards
find fault, either with its origin, its piogress, or
its objects, we will denounce them, for first involv-
j ing the counliy m war, and then factiously oppo-
!i sing and embarrassing the Adminisfiation. If
ij they vote against it, then we will proclaim them
j; a ' peace party in war.' Our organs shall hence-
;! forth call them nothing but Federalists, and shall
j identify them with that old party. No matter
j; how false the imputation of their identity with the
|j old Federalists. Stick to it. In times like these
: j a good he; well stuck to, is better than a pure truth,
[, badly sustained. When a paity gets so bad that
I truth can never aid it, falsehood becomes its only
1 j recourse."
| Now, sir, I suppose this all to have been a
| dream. But if the dreamer had had his vision
ii about eight months ago, and had contemplated the
;, progress of events from that time to this, he would
1 die in the belief that it was no dream.
As to the war, so far as the Mexicans were c.on-
■ cerned, it was a very small affair—a mere incident
, to the general plan. It would be no more than a
|| brigade inspection, or a regimental muster. These
■ jpoor savages would fly before our arms, as did
their ancestors of the one part fly or fall before
,[ their own ancestors of the other part, their original
1 invaders,"under the bloody and rapacious Oortez.
; Prescott's beautiful and flowing history has just
; appeared, and I suppose it furnished the staple of
' historic information, which these wise heads pos-
, sessed of Mexican affairs and Mexican resources.
' It was a famous game, if it could have been
' carried out according to the plan of those who de-
! vised it. If successes attended our arms, the
i Democratic President, and party, were to have the
ciedit. If disaster and defeat occniied, let the re-
sponsibility be with the, general and the army.
It-was " heads I win, tails you lose"—a game by
which faction and ignorance might appropriate the
rewards of genius and enterprise—by which lmbe-
cility should tri< k off its hailcqnui brows, with
; the wreaths which valor might purchase with its
I blood. It has turned out, however, not to be so
1 great a speculation after all. Yes, sir, there will
■ be enough of recoil upon those who "put this ball
in motion" to stretch them and their retainers for
■ your day and mine.
I I have said I have no confidence m the ability
of the President. I mean, sir, that the Pies.dent
1 has shown, That he is utteily ignoiant of ail th|it
' he ought to have known, m order to have decided
wisely and propeily, the movements of our armies.
And if he were not thus ignorant, he has not the
support of his own party—that party evidently
now perceiving the approximation of the time,
whtn it will be prudent for every mail to look out
for himself, and therefore dividing and assailing
each other, on every proposition submitted to
them.
He asked us for fifty thousand men and ten
1 millions of dollais of money. Wegave it to hiiri.
What has been achie\ed? Some hundreds of
miles of progress have been made on a line of
operations, now found necessary to be abandoned.
The whole supply for the first campaign exhaust-
