1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
29th Cong 2d Sess,
The Mexican War—Mr. Carroll.
Ho. of Reps.
bring none of these conquered territories into our
political fold without instantly producing distrac-
tion, confusion, tumult, and even dismemberment
itself. Though they may have cost us a hundred
millions, better let them-all go, rather than, by ad-
mitting them, bring in an apple of discord, the end
and consequences of which no man can foretell.
And yet this is all we can get by the further pros-
ecution of this war, taking its end and objects to
be as the President and his political party here
have stated them.
What are the professed objects of the war ? The
President tells us they are threefold: first, to estab-
lish a permanent boundary between us and Mex-
ico; second, to obtain indemnity for the depreda-
tions committed by her on the property, rights,
and persons of our citizens; third, to get back the
expenses of the war itself.
Now, if this war is to continue to be waged till
all the expenses of the war itself are paid, let me
ask my learned friend here from Virginia, [Mr.
Dromgoole,] who seems so very anxious for the
floor, and is probably assigned to close the debate,
to tell me, in his coming speech, when this war is
to end 3 If we war for territory enough to pny us
for the cost of the war, when, I ask, is the war to
end ? Supposing its expenses to be forty or fifty
millions a year, and Mexico, unable to pay one-
fourth of that, the longer it lasts, the less and still
the less will Mexico be able to pay. She has
drained her coffers to almost her last dollar; is now
making requisition upon the church property for
the payment uf her troops; is possessed of but
little wealth, save that which consists in her soil;
but, if we cannot accept her soil without destruc-
tion to ourselves, when, I ask my friend, is this
war to end ? But this idea of prosecuting a war to
get indemnity for the cost of carrying it on against
a nation utterly unable to pay, is such a solecism,
is so infinitely absurd and preposterous, that it is
insulting the nation to talk about it.
No, sir. This war was made in consequence of
the annexation of Texas and the consequent acts
of the President. It was in consequence of the
President's having ordered forward his army to
the Rio Grande, not to protect Texas, as he pre-
tends, but, in a threatening manner, to challenge
the Mexican commander to come over and light.
So anxious was the President to get us into this
war that he sent our general into the disputed ter-
ritory, not to protect Texans, (for there were none
there,) but to dare the Mexican general and give
him a challenge. Therefore he oidered General
Taylor to plant his cannon opposite a Mexican
town, and point them so as to threaten it with
bombardment.
But the President and his partisans on this floor
say that the war was begun by Mexico, because
blood was first spilt by the Mexicans. But was
this blood shed upon soil recognised by Mexico
as belonging to Texas, or upon sou inhabited by
Tcxians? Not at all. The whole population,
from Corpus Christi to the Rio Grande, was Mex-
ican. There was nor a Texan on the Rio Grande.
Was it to be wondered at, under all the circum-
stances, that the Mexicans should be exasperated
at seems: the American army erecting batteries and
fortifications on soil occupied by Mexican citizens?
Could the President of the United States have ex-
peeled less when he sent his army to the Rio
Grande than it would be attacked by the Mexi-
cans? If he did, he calculated on their cowardice,
and not on his prudence or desire to preserve the
peaceable relations between the two countries.
Such, Mr. Chairman, was the position of the
two armies when the first blood was spilt—when
the lamented Major Cross was murdered. You
and I well recollect, Mr. Chairman, the thrilling
and anxious sensation produced here when this
news first reached this city, and the certainty that
this event, connected with the hostile attitude and
irritated feelings of the two armies, mustand would
bring on a general engagement. The spilling of
the blood of a single officer or soldiei was an at-
tack on the army Jtself. The news of Cioss1s
death was soon followed by that of the surprise
and attack upon Captain Thornton's company,
and that the Mexicans had landed in large force
above and below General Taylor's encampment,
and gicat fears were cnteit.uncd that he and his ^
army would be cut off from their supplies at Point I
Isabel. Such were the circumstances under which j
the President sent us a message " advising a re-
cognition of the war begun by Mexico," and ap-
pealed to our patriotism to vote men and money to
rescue our army, and to vindicate the flag and
honor of our country. The war bill, as it is
termed, was brought into this House the same day
with the message, and under the gag of the previ-
ous question forced through, and the minority
compelled to vote against supplies of men and
money to rescue our army, or to vote for the bill
as it was.
But it is said that so many of us as voted for
that act of the 13th May, recognising the exist-
ence of a state of war, have our mouths hermeti-
cally sealed. This was repeatedly said in former
debates,' and it has now been reiterated by the
: gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Norris.]
So I am, it seems, to have my mouth hermetically
sealed on the subject of the origin of the war. Ay!
my mouth to be sealed from saying that the war
began because the President put our aimy in that
position ? That because we, as Americans, as
patriots, felt for the honor of our country, because
our hearts palpitated for the condition of our brave
little army, and under that feeling voted men and
money to the President to reinforce the army hfc
had placed in such peril: and, m doing this, were
forced, under the gag of the previous question,
without discussion or opportunity for amendment,
to vote for or against the bill prepared by the ma-
jority—that our mouths are to be sealed from
speaking of the acts of the President in bringing
on the war? I did vote men and money, and 1
should do it again and again, under similar cir-
cumstances, to rescue the army bearing the flag of
my country when in danger, whether the bill rais-
ing the men and -money truly recited the causes
which placed the army in peril or not. I am for
my country and my country's flag at all times,
and in all places, i did vote for the act containing
the declaration that the war was commenced by
Mexico, but protest against my commitment to
that declaration, because the same act provided for
raising men and money, which my sense of duty
and fidelity to my country could not oppose. Not-
withstanding this vote, I not only reserve to my-
self the right, but consider it a duty to express m
the fullest manner, at all times, and m all places,
and particularly as a Representative on this floor,
what I think of those who have rashly and uncon-
stitutionally plunged the country into war. I have
voted for all the supplies of men and money the
Administration has asked for. As a member of
the Military Committee, (on which I was placed
in June last, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
resignation of the honorable Mr. Baker,) 1 have
united m most of the measures which have been
introduced for the prosecution of the war—all for ,
raising men and money, and all for the increase of
pay. As a member of this House, I have voted ,
for them ail, because, notwithstanding all the errors i
of the President, (to use no harsher term,) it is my j
country that is at war. J
But 1 am not to be gagged and denounced here i
as giving aid and comfort to the enemy, when I ex- j
press the independent opinions of a Representative
of a patriotic constituency. What am I here for? j
To discharge my duty, and my whole duty. When
I took the oath of office at that table, I bound myself, ;
as I understood that oath, not only to suppoit the .
Constitution myself, but to let my constituents
•know when I believed the Executive was usurping
powers not delegated to him by that Constitution. '
And I say that the President of the United States
violated that Constitution in taken upon himself t ;
make this war without consulting Congress. And
Congress being then in session, his refusal to con- j
suit them was not only uncalled for, but arbitrary j
and tyrannical.
We are taunted by the President with giving aid '
and comfort to the enemy, and with making this a
party war. The Whigs are accused of opposing 1
it from mere party motnes. Such a charge comes
with a very ill grace from the Chief Magistrate of
a great nation, who is himself using all his power
of patronage for pi\rty purposes alone. When the
country is "engaged in war with a foreign Power, is
that a time for an American President to engender
party strife and party animosity by base denunci-
ations of those who differ with hini' He should
soar far above all party considerations, and regard
only the good of his country. When he charges
others, with acting from a regard to part^ motives,
it behooves him first to see that his own skirts are
clear. When hejs filling the army and navy and
all places under the Government with his partisans,
does it lie in his mouth to taunt the Whigs with
party spirit and want of patriotism? Has he act-
ed with that magnanimity and lofty spirit which
knows no party, and looks only to his country's
honor and glory m commissioning the most honest
and capable officers for the army and navy? Whep
Congress raised the regular army fiom six to sev-
enteen thousand men, authorized him to call out
fifty thousand volunteers, and placed ten millions
of dollars at his disposal to carry on the war, was
there no party in his keeping the hero of Lundy's
Lane, Bridgewater, Chippewa, and Niagara, at
home, and designating a junior officer to command
this immense force?
Was it acting above party motives to keep old
Rough and Ready at the head of the army til! he
had covered himself with laurels and with glory,
and won the affection and confidence of the whole
army as well as of his countrymen; and then stealth-
ily send down to take the command the very offi-
cer who, from considerations personal to himself,
he had formerly thought unworthy? And then,
before Scott had reached the field, to devise a plan
for the appointment of a lieutenant general tosuper-
, sede them both? A plan, when first communica-
| ted to this House, so shocking to the sense of pro-
priety of both Democrats and Whigs, that it found
no favor, but which I shall not be surprised,
through the irresistible influence and patronage of
office, to see adopted in some form before the ad-
journment of Congress. Was this the man to bring
a charge of party spirit against a minority who,
though condemning his course in involving the
country in war, had nevertheless voted him all the
men and all the money he had asked for?
Let me ask my Democratic friends in this House,
Was there no party feeling in their mean attempt
at garbling the vote of thanks to General Taylor?
And this after three victories, which placed his name
among the bravest of the brave and most skilful of
the skilled?
There are vaiious ways of opposing a war.
Some gentlemen give aid and comfort to the
enemy, by refusing those noble incentives which
stimulate the ambition of a soldier to distinguish
his name by gallant deeds in his country's cause.
And I tell gentlemen, and I tell this House, that
though in a petty and carping spirit they may try
to pluck afew leaves from the chapletof everiiving
green which adorns the brows of General Taylor,
they will thereby only elicit for him the more en-
thusiastic gratitude and the expression of still
higher applause from his admiring countrymen. I
might appeal to the Legislatures of State after State,
as well as to resolutions of his countrymen met in
every form, to show what the people think of their
gallant soldier. I might appeal to Mexico herself,
who has publicly confessed the glory he acquired
by the immortal victory of Monterey. Could men
who meanly sought to withhold the meed of pub-
lic thanks from such a man charge without a blush
the Whig party with being actuated by party feel-
ings m their public course? Which gives the enemy
most aid and comfort—to speak of the causes and
condemn the President fur involving the country in
war, oi to send the enemy an able, tried, and ex-
perienced general to command their armies, and to
place an untried, incapable, and inexperienced gen-
eral at the head of our own ? Let the President
and those who echo the base denunciation on this
floor answer.
The Whigs soared above such motives of action.
They had presented to the dominant party a sys-
tem of finance, which would redeem the credit and
supply the treasury of the Government with the
means of meeting the expenses, which this Presi-
dent, by his unconstitutional acts, had biought
upon the country. His course showed him a stick-
ler for his own narrow party views, at the cost of
the credit of the Government committed to his
charge. He rejected measures of sound finance,
and proposed a tax on tea and coffee, to be paid by
the laboring men and women of the country. Such
a course awakens a little of the old revolutionary
spirit. We went to war with our old mother Eng-
land to resist a tea tax. And I strongly suspect,
should this recommendation be followed by a iaw,
that a little of the old leaven will still be found
