1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2b Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Davis.
New Series..„„.N-o.'27,
[Mr. Calhoun- said his object was to prevent
abolition in the United States.]
Yes; to prevent it in the United States by perpet-
uating slavery in Texas. The matter now stands
on a basis that everybody can comprehend. There
are also other reasons for the admission of Texas.
She had a great number of restless urgent public
creditors, holding her paper, who saw little hope
of obtaining payment from an empty treasury.
They pressed for annexation with a zeal outrun-
ning that of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Calhoun;] they were prompted by interest to find
their way to the Treasury of the United States.
There was also another passion at work. Mr.
Tyler had embraced the idea that he was to be made
a great man by enlarging the territory of the United
tetates, and his ambition for honor and fame mixed
itself largely with the measure.
These combined elements worked together to
accomplish the object, and, aided by the Presiden-
tial election, forced it to its consummation; but the
party yielded to it more from esprit du corps than
from conviction.
Mr. Polk took the matter up as it fell from the
hands of Mr. Tyler. Mr. Tyler, as a last and ex-
piring act of power, decided upon the alternative
which the resolutions of Congress presented, and
despatched a messenger to announce the decision.
This course has not only been officially approved
by the President, but rumor ascribed to him the
same opinion at the time. If this be true he stands
in the same category as Mr. Tyler, and whatever
is censurable in the course of the one must be
shared by the other. The resolutions with their
conditions were accepted and approved by the peo-
ple of Texas.
On the 2d of December, 1845, Congress met,
and the annual message, containing the views of
the President, congratulated the public upon this
great peaceable bloodless triumph. The bound-
ary, he declared, had passed the cape of Florida
and been planted upon the Rio Grande. The army,
he said, had been concentrated at Corpus Christi,
at the mouth of the Nueces. In the same paper
he expresses his anxious desire to propitiate Mex-
ico and to maintain the peace of the two repub-
lics.
On the 13th of January following an order was
issued from the War Department, requiring the
commanding officer to advance and take position
upon the Bravo del Norte. At the same time the
squadrons in the Gulf of Mexico and on the Pa-
cific, which had been previously ordered to those
stations, were strengthened. In March the army
reached the river, and encamped opposite Mata-
moros. There was, in fact, a general movement
of military and naval forces up to the Mexican
frontier at all points of exposure. **
I wish now to draw the attention of the Senate j
to an examination of the circumstances which sur- ,
round these movements, with a view to ascertain I
whether war was meditated, and aggressive steps j
taken to bring it on, that we may be the better
able to decide whether these measures, in any view I
of them, can be considered as propitiatory or as |
designed to maintain peace. I
The first striking circumstance is a fact well >
known, that a considerable force was and had been i
for a long time stationed at Matamoros, and that
the American army took position upon the bank
of the river opposite to the city; erected field works, |
with batteries established evidently for the purpose
of demolishing the town and attacking the works
of the Mexicans, which were within range of the
guns. Here weie two aitntes face to face, with i
their guns levelled at each other.
The next circumstance which attracts attention
is a fact admitted on all sides. The Mexicans
had taken umbrage at the proceedings in regard to
Texas, the minister was recalled, diplomatic rela-
tions suspended, and the public mind known to be
greatly exasperated and inflamed by what that
people esteemed a violation of their rights as an
independent power.
The next circumstance which merits considera-
tion is the well-known fact that the western bound-
ary between Texas and Mexico was and had
been a disputed line; Texas claimed to the Rio
Bravo, Mexico denied thattheprovincewas bound-
ed by it. The President, m his message, admits
this to be a disputed line; tiie resolutions of Con-
gress providing for the annexation of Texas recog-
27
niseitas such, and reserve it for settlement by
negotiation. I shall not go into the question of
title,that is unnecessary, but shall re-state a
position which I rested upon here in May last when
war was recognised. Texas, I affirm, had made
no acquisition of territoryexceptwhatsheachieved
by the sword. Her movement was revolutionary,
and against the will and power of Mexico; her
jurisdiction went just as far as the sword carried
it, and not an inch beyond.
Texas has never to my knowledge brought
forward any other evidence of title or boundary
except an armistice entered into by Santa Ana
while a prisoner, in which he agreed, for the pur-
poses of the armistice, that the Rio del Norte
should be the line between the troops. This agree-
ment, however, by its own terms, was to be sub-
mitted to each Government, and sanctioned before
it became obligatory. The Mexicans disavowed
it, and denied the authority of Santa Ana to enter
into any binding stipulations while a prisoner. It
fell, therefore, to the ground by its own terms, and
left Texas where she was, with the rights of a con-
queror, and no other. Texas could transfei to the
United States no rights which she did not possess.
Had she ever carried her jurisdiction to the valley
of the Rio Grande? Were her laws enforced and
maintained there? Did the resident population
acknowledge or submit to them ? I think it cannot |
now be questioned that General Taylor found this i
valley in possession of Mexicans living under the j
laws of that republic; that he found villages, farms, j
houses, and population, from the mouth to Santa !
Fe, that had neither known nor acknowledged any !
law or jurisdiction but that of Mexico. The power j
of Texas had never reached*or been established in I
this valley. What, then, is the rule recognised by I
nations in regard to disputed boundaries? That the ]
party in possession shall remain so until the ques- j
tion is settled. This was the rule enforced in regard j
to our northeastern boundary; each party held its j
possession during the controversy, and this was !
recognised as matter of right until the.question was I
settled or war declared. If it be true, sir, in point i
of fact, (and I cannot doubt that it is,) that the
Mexicans were, and at all times had been, in pos- i
session of this valley, then the advance of the
army to dispossess them was aggressive and un-
justifiable without a previous declaration of war.
The next important fact is, that the river, the
right to navigate which by the Mexicans has never
been questioned, was blockaded and the naviga-
tion suspended. All this occurred before blood
was shed.
Mr. President, were these propitiatory pacific
demonstrations or belJigerant m their character?
Which were they best calculated to promote, war
or peace ?
Could a collision be avoided? Could a people,
^n army, animated by feelings already exasper-
ated, bear patiently this taunt, this challenge, this j
bearding of them upon their own soil and in their |
own homes? No, sir, if there was a particle of pa- |
triotism or of Castihan chivalry remaining, conflict j
was inevitable. No course of measures could with ;
more absolute certainty bring it on. It came; blood >
was shed; and I shall not stop to inquire by whom |
the first blow was struck, for it is immaterial. The (
Mexican general said the acts to which I have re- I
ferred were hostile, aggressive, and a beginmngof .
war. I leave the country to decide upon the jus- ;
tice and truth of that remark. _ ,
The moment blood was shed the news was dis- \
patched to this capital by express, the facts and !
circumstances to which I have alluded being either '
unknown then or imperfectly understood. It came, ;
as all such intelligence does, mixed with exaggera- !
tion, and filled our minds with alarm. The Mexi- :
can force was represented to be overwhelmingly j
great, the army to be cut off from supplies, and in |
most imminent peril, requiring succor sooner than j
it was possible to furnish it; in a word, the instant j
unhesitating action of Congress was demanded to 1
rescue the "troops from impending peril and the j
country from dishonor. A message came from ,
the Executive corroborating these statements, and
a hill was huriied through the House of Repre-
sentatives declaring that war existed by the act of !
Mexico, and conferring the power to rai&e fifty •
thousand volunteers and to borrow ten millions of
dollars. The intelligence received, so far as con- !
tamed m public documents, was brought into this ■
Chaxpber, but we were not permitted to hear a word
of it read, and all debate and delay were most ear-
nestly deprecated. Senators on this side-of the
Chamber, one and all, expressed their readiness to
afford relief, in the mo3t prompt and effectual man-
ner, to the army, by voting supplies to any extent
for that purpose. But as we had no reliable infor-
mation in regard to the manner , of commencing
hostilities, we entreated that the subjects might be
separated. We saw no occasion for deciding in-
stanter by whose act the first blow was struck, and
thought a declaration of that description, carrying
with it momentous consequences, might be defer-
red until wc had seen the evidence upon our table.
All this was urged in vain, the majority were inex-
orable, and no choice was left but to vote for or
against the bill as it \fras. The result is well
known. The^ screw was placed upon Congress,
and a turn £iven to it by these irresistible circum-
stances which substantially endorsed the conduct
of the Executive, and sanctioned a usurpation, an
exercise of the war-making power by the Presi-
dent.
All this tram of events, so exciting and so full
of momentous consequences, up to the time of pass-
ing this act, occurred while Congress were in ses-
sion. The Constitution wisely confides to Congress
the power of declaring war, and yet we were in-
volved in one without the advice, consent, or knowl-
| edge of that body, and while it was in session.
' No intimation or hint was given to us by the au-
thor of these measures that the remotest danger of
a ruptune existed.
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Soule] seems
to think that the President is in some degree re-
lieved from the responsibility which these facts
impose upon him, because there was a vague rumor
here, known to Mr. Calhoun and Mr. J. M. Clay-
ton, of Delaware, that the army had been ordered
to advance, which they believed to be a perilous
step. He thinks it was the duty of the Senator
from Delaware to have moved in the matter upon
this uncertain intelligence; and I beg to ask what
he would do or how he could act with effect? and
whether the fact that he had heard such a rumor
| and omitted to remonstrate, relieves in the slightest
! degree the President fiom his responsibility ? Sup-
i pose, instead of vague uncertain rumor, we had
; had certain reliable information; suppose the course
; of the President, instead of being secret, had been
' open and notorious: is it the less objectionable, or
is his responsibility diminished? Not at all. It
is a question of constitutional right, and if the
President has brought on a war without authority,
he has little cause to complain that the Senator
from Delaware did not protest against his course.
An open declaration of a purpose to do an un-
lawful act furnishes no apology for it.
But the Senator from Louisiana seems to me to
labor under misapprehension, if he supposes it is
any part of the duty of a member here to knock at
the Presidential door, for the purpose of remon-
strating or of asking for information in regard to
Executive policy, or that a neglect of such offices
implies any dereliction of duty.
The Senator from Louisiana also suggested, for
the purpose of relieving the Executive from his
proper responsibility, that General Taylor had a
discretion m the selection of a post upon the Rio
Grande, and that he is consequently answerable
for consequences. That olficei had insuuetions,
part, of which only we have seen. Pie was an
executory officer, required to carry into effect his
instructions according to their intent and meaning,
and beyond this no responsibility can attach to _
him, arid beyond this he had no discretion. Did "
he execute his orders to the satisfaction of the
President who gave them? Does any one doubt
it? Will anv one be bold enough to affirm that
the President disapproves of his taking position at
Matamoros ? Has any one dared whisper a word
of censure for selecting this position ? The Piesi-
dent has in many forms approved of tlus execution
of his order. He has at all times acquiesced in
it; he has in many ways approved of the conduct
of the General, and itas twice promoted him for
his bravery and good conduct. After these repeat-
ed approvals, it is manifestly too late to throw
upon that gallant and distinguished oilicer the re-
sponsibility which attaches to that movement; and
if there be blame for selecting that position, his
skirts are free from it.
