418
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 25,
29xh Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
But, sir, to return to the question which I was j
discussing. These facts and circumstances tend 1
strongly to prove that the President meditated hos-
tilities, and by his own coarse of policy brought
on the war, although he had expressed his anxiety
to propitiate Mexico and to maintain peace. There
are, however, other facts closely connected with
this inquiry which I ought not to pass unnoticed.
A Mr. Marks, a consular dignitary from the Uni-
ted States to Matamoros, in September, 1845, wrote
a letter to General Taylor, which was published in
the newspapers, and has been read in this Cham-
ber. He states that he had several interviews with
Arista, the Mexican commander, and that this offi-
cer had given him assurances that the Mexican
Government were anxious to adjust the question
of boundary, and other difficulties, by negotiation;
and, in order to give time and opportunity for that
purpose, he was authorized and ready to enter into
an agreement to remain with his troops on the west
bank of the Rio Grande, with liberty to send out
parties, not to exceed two hundred men at a time,
as far as the Arroyo Colorado, to hold the Indians
in subjection; and that General Taylor should re-
main on the Nueces, with a like liberty to send de-
tachments, if necessary, as far as the same Arroyo
Colorado. This distinct, definite, and reasonable
proposition was sent to the President, and submit-
ted to his consideration. He had avowed his wish
to propitiate the Mexicans, and his anxiety to set-
tle all existing differences by an amicable treaty; Ji
and here was a proposal to take the first, the ji
greatest, and most sure step towards it,i>y tran- ■
quilhzing the military frontier, and putting an end
to all chance of conflict. If this arrangement had
been entered into, it was next to impossible that
hostile demonstrations should occur. Now, sir,
what was done when the door was opened, bid- |!
ding the President to enter and put an end to the
controversy by a friendly agreement? Nothing.
The proposition, as far as I know, was not regard-
ed as worthy of consideration. No reply has been
made to it, or notice taken of it to this day; and
thus the opportunity of suspending all hostile de-
monstrations was lost. The Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Cass] attempted, as I thought, the other
day, to cast suspicion upon this transaction, and
to throw discredit upon Mr. Marks and his state-
ment, intimating that it was unfounded.
[Mr. Cass was understood to disavow such a
purpose.] I
Mr. President, Mr. Marks is unknown to me; !'
but he is represented £o have discharged the func- i
tions of a consul at Matamoros at a period antece- :i
dent to these occurrences, and I am not prepared j1
to believe that a gentleman deemed worthy to dis- j
charge the duties of that station would come here j!
with such a falsehood in his mouth; that he, or.!
any one else, would dare to fabricate such a state- .j
ment, when, if the Government did what he had a ;j
right to expect and believe they would do—act i
upon his information—the first movement would i
detect the falsity of the statement. No, sir; men j
of ordinary sagacity are not quite so short-sighted
as this; nor is it at all probable that one of consu- j
lar dignity would hold himself quite so cheap as j
the suggestion implies. I take it, however, that if j
suspicion has existed, it has passed away, and we '
may rely upon the facts as stated; and if the Pres-
ident has disregarded this friendly proposition that
he might hold the army in readiness to make hos-
tile demonstrations in support of another plan of
policy, then he must be held accountable for a
reckless temerity.
I am aware (said Mr. D.) of the reply which
will be attempted in justification of the course pur-
sued. It will be said, that about the time when
this information from Marks was received at the
Dep irtment of State, information of a desire to ne-
gotiate was received through another channel the
consul at Mexico. The difference between the
propositions is most material; that of Mr. Black
looks only to negotiation, to be taken up at some
future day, and leaves out of sight the great and all-
important consideration of tranquillizing the mili
tary frontier, and placing it on a footing"to prevent
outbreaks from exasperated feeling. Arista was
doubtless authorized to do this, and why was it not
done? The sending of an envoy to Mexico to treat
generally, in no respect superseded the emergency
which existed for this arrangement. This emer-
gency was immediate and pressing, and, if the
President desired peace, how could it fail to be ac-
ceptable? Did the President, when he despatched
Mr. Slideli, meditate using the army for hostile
demonstrations to aid the arguments of his negoti-
ator, and to assist in reconciling the Mexicans to
part with a portion of their country; and, there-
fore, neglected to comply with the proposition of
Arista? We shall see whether this armistice was j
disregarded for this reason when we trace succeed- j
ing events a little further. The question will arise i
whether the President, before he despatched that !
envoy, had not resolved that the rejection of Mr. , !
Slideli, if it occurred, should be the final issue, and ;j
that a rupture should follow it, whatever might be jj
the circumstances under which it should be made, 'i
If he had, that will account for his neglect to notice ;j
Arista's proposition, and for his retaining the j
power to advance the army. Mr. Slideli arrived ;
in Mexico, and I cannot so well describe the dis- i
tracted state of things which he found existing [
there, as by reading a passage or two from the mes- i
sage of the President ojihe 11th of May, 1846: ;
'■'Mr. Slideli arrived at Vera Cruz on the 30th of Novera- !
ber, and was courteously received hy the authorities of that '
city. But the government of General Herrera was then tot- j
tering to its fall. The revolutionary party had seized upon .
the Texas question to effect or hasten its overthrow. Its |
determination to restore friendly relations with the United !
States, and to receive our Minister to negotiate for the set-
tlement of this question, was violently assailed, and was
made thegreat theme of denunciation against it. The gov-
ernment of General Heirera, there is good reason to believe,
was sincerely desirous to receive our Minister; but it yielded
to the storm raised by its enemies, and, on the 21st of De-
cember, refused to accredit \Ti. Slide!}, upon the most frivo-
lous pretexts."
The Government of Herrera, well inclined to us, !
was tottering to its fafl. This very question, the
annexation of Texas, was the great and exciting ■
topic of controversy amongst the people. It is ;
evident that Herrera's Government, in the midst I
of this conflict, and in the inflamed state of public 1
opinion, could not bring the question of negotia- 1
tion into consideration under auspices which pro- i
mised success by the exercise of a dispassionate ■
judgment. Paredes, with his confederates, pressed ;j
upon the Government, and aggravated the difficul- '!
ties which existed by increasing the storm of re- i!
sentment. Now, what course of policy would the !
exercise of a calm, deliberate, dispassionate judg- !
ment, sanction under such extraordinary circum- j!
stances? Would it propose measures likely to j
aggravate rather than to allay the hostile spirit I
which prevailed? The circumstances manifestly i
demanded time for reflection, for consideration, for
reason to resume her empire over passion. Time |
and moderation, in every point of view, were the jj
expedients which most strongly recommended
themselves as the wisest and best means by which ,!
the end desired was to be attained. It is not to be !
disguised that Mexico was deeply wounded, and j
thought herself to be greatly aggrieved, by th^ j
annexation of Texas, and acted upon that convic- ji
tion. What did Mr. Slideli do in this state of i
excitement, anarchy, and revolution? How did ii
he deal with a Government, as the President says, 'i
sincerely desirous of receiving the Minister? He
insisted upon immediate and unconditional receri- !
tion, though he saw Herrera and his friends sink- '!
ing under the weight of the pressure which this .
question brought upon them; and when their Gov- 'j
ernment, admitted to be well disposed to peace, 'j
was finally constrained, by the circumstances j
which surrounded it, to decline receiving an envoy, !'
declaring it was not their purpose to reestablish ''
full pacific relations until the Texas difficulty was j:
adjusted by a commissioner ad hoc, he denounces jl
in strong terms the event, and employs the lan- |:
guage which I will read from his letter of Decern- ij
ber 27: 'I
" Of one thin", however, I feel assured: that after what 1 i
has occurred, should any concession be made by our Gov- 11
ernment, if any American Minister present himself here ||
without an unqualified retraction, by whatever party may II
succeed in the present contest, of Mr. Pena y Pena's note
of the 20th instant, he will come on a bootless errand. The ' |
desire of our Government to secure peace will he mis- !i
taken for timidity; the most extravagant pretensions will be 11
made and insisted upon, until the Mexican people shall be .1
convinced, try hostile. deiaoii\lr(Uloy^y thlit our differences 1
must be settled promptly, either hy negotiation or the !!
sword." 11
It seems to be admitted that Herrera had no i
power to follow his inclinations, but was forced, :|
by the circumstances which surrounded him, to ;j
decline the reception. This, at any rate, is the il
documentary account of the matter, as furnished
to us by the President. Yet this is looked upon
as an insult by Mr. Slideli—a flagrant breach of
faith—for which reparation should be exacted.
Nay, he thinks any manifestations of a desire for
peace on our part will be mistaken for timidity;
and that the only effectual argument with the
Mexicans will be hostile demonstrations—hostile
demonstrations, and nothing else, will effect arv
adjustment.
This letter is dated on the 27th of December.
Now, let us turn to the President's message of the
11th of May, and see what account he gives of the
advance of the army:
" This force was concentrated at Corpus Christi, and re-
mained there until after I had received such information
from Mexico as rendered it probable, if not certain, that the
Mexican Government would refuse to receive our envoy."
The order to move upon the Rio Grande is dated
the 13th of January following, leaving a space of
fifteen days, excluding the days of the dates, a
period so short as to render it most probable that
the President had not, when the order was issued,
seen the letter of Mr. Slideli; but, be that as it
may, there is manifest proof of an understanding
between them—a coincidence of opinion which can-
not be mistaken. Both were for hostile demon-
strations. Mr. Slideli declares it to be the only
effectual argument, and the President advances the
troops to a position where a rupture cannot he
avoided. That such a rupture was anticipated is
rendered very clear by many points of the corre
spondence which were read by the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Evans;] but", while I shall not reiter-
ate them, I will refer to a single remark of the
Secretary of State, in a letter to Mr. Slideli dated
the 28th of the same January, which has not been
read:
" Much must necessarily be left to your own discretion.
In general terms, I may say that you should take care to act
with such prudence and firmness that it may appear mani-
fest to the people of the United States, and to the world,
that a rupture could not be honorably avoided."
Putting all these circumstances and opinions
together, can it be doubted that a rupture was
meditated ?—that a forward movement of the forces
was made to intimidate Mexico, or to bring on a
conflict? Can there be a reasonable doubt that a
preconcerted plan existed to make the rejection of
the minister a pretext for this ? The President saw
the confused state of things in Mexico, the pow-
erless condition of Herrera and his ministers, and
their utter inability to accomplish anything. These
were somewhat troublesome facts to deal with. The
public would see that no offence was intended, and
that the true interests of the country demanded
time and forbearance; that these might do much to
bring aboufea reconciliation, while measures of vio-
lence would tend to aggravate the exasperation
which existed. 1 shall give no character to this
instruction from the Secretary of State, but leave
it to the public to judge whether this admonition
to Mr. Slideli to take care and place things upon a
footing so that it should appear manifest to the
people of the United States and to the world that
a rupture could not be honorably avoided, is not
another proof that a rapture was anticipated—
nay, already concocted and arranged ? The thing
was to be so contrived and ai ranged as to leave the
odium upon Mexico. The odium for what? For
refusing to receive the minister. This country,
then, was to be involved in a war because a Gov-
ernment well inclined to peace, but tottering to its
fall in a revolution, declined in respectful language
to receive a minister, alleging a difference of opin-
ion between them and the United States as to the
proposition to treat. They said they had r)ot
agreed to receive a minister or to restore full and
complete amicable relations, but to receive a com-
missioner to treat of the difficulties which con-
cerned Texas. Such an envoy they avowed their
readiness to receive. This proposition the Presi-
dent declared to be inadmissible, though every-
body can see that if the Texas difficulties could
be adjusted, all otheis must necessarily follow.
Now, sir, I shall not contend that the decision of
the Government of Mexico is characterized by
wisdom, or that it does not merit reproof; and yet
I do not see that anything effectual could have been
done until the excitement and prejudice which ex-
isted had subsided. But is it a suitable cause of
war? Did it authorize the President to take mat-
