1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
ters into his own hands, arid, during the session of
Congress, to make hostile demonstrations which
must end in a rupture and bloodshed ? Is the re-
jection of a minister cause of war? Does any
international code of law establish such a doctrine'
Is it anywhere maintained that a neglect or refusal
to enter upon negotiations is a cause of war' These
are occurrences which often happen, and they may
be, as they usually are, proof of an unfriendly
disposition, but it is not a violation of right which
justifies bloodshed.
But the Secretary of State, in the same letter,
says, if the ministers rejected, " it will become the
duty of the President to submit the whole matter
to Congress." Yes, his duty, and it was his duty;
for Congress alone has the power to determine the
final issue. Why was it not so submitted ? Why,
instead of doing this, was Mexico surrounded
"with armed forces? "Why was the army ordered I
to point its guns into a city, and to menace an en- '
camped force, and to blockade a river?
Did the President fear that Congrsss would hesi- i
tate to make hostile demonstrations' Did he fear
its pacific character, and that he should lose the :
gloi y of a war and the renown of acquiring new
territory? 3
Sir, the President reiterated the accusations
against Mexico for spoliations upon our trade, in
his message of 1845. He again spread them over
two-thirds of a tediously elaborated message at the
opening of this session, and what notice has Con-
gress taken of them? None. They have been
treated as causes of war by the President; but all '
these arguments have fallen upon dull ears. Con-
gress has at no time manifested the least disposi-
tion to treat these matters as cause of war. And
why ? Because Mexico has never refused to ad-
just them. On the contrary, everybody knows
that a large portion of these claims were actually
adjusted, liquidated, the payments arranged, and
partly made; that the final adjustment of the resi-
due was agreed upon by a treaty made by the
late minister, (Mr. Thompson,) which treaty was
ratified by the Senate, with amendments, which
were submitted to the Mexican Government, and
assurances given that they should be acted upon by
the proper authority. The President could not
flatter himself for a moment that Congress could,
under such circumstances, be guilty of the folly
of involving the country in a war for such a cause.
And if the indignity of the rejection of the min-
ister had been superadded, there is every reason to
believe that Congress would have been equally
obdurate and equally insensible to the indignity,
if the proposition were to redress such a grievance
by a declaration of war. Congress, in my opinion,
would be slow to punish such crimes, if crimes
they are, with bloodshed. They, I trust, enter-
tain the opinion that the resort to such a mode of
redress is reserved only for great emergencies, for
the punishment of wrongs which cannot be en-
dured or overlooked.
Such being the state of tilings, the President
could have no war unless he made it himself; and
this must have been as obvious to him as to others.
If this were his view of the matter, we can under-
stand why no arrangement was made with Arista;
for hostile demonstration or a rupture could not be
made without the army. We can see a reason for
disregarding that proposition, and retaining the
power to move the army upon Mexico to meet
another contingency.
But why should the President be instrumental
in bringing on a rupture ? Why should he medi-
tate war? What motive, said a Senator from the
other side of the Chamber, can he have to involve
us-in war?
He came into powei upon the Texas question.
He was for immediate unconditional annexation,
and this secured both his nomination and election.
But the glory of annexation was divided with Ty-
ler. He mounted the horse which that politician
had prepared, and won the race. Is it improbable,
after this proof of success, that his mind might have
cast forward into the future; that in the dim outline
of conjecture he saw, or fancied he saw, prospects
of renown—his own name emblazoned by extend-
ing the boundaries of the country ? Might he not
imagine that a war for territory would be popular?
Thar, the lust of dominion was so overpowering
among the people, that they would sanction any
act, however gross and immoral, forgetting its tur- '
pitude under the influences of gratification at ac-
quirement? Is it not possible that among the
motives to a rupture with Mexico he may have
considered them a weak, distracted people, torn by
factions, warring"among themselves, in a constant
state of revolution, destitute of resources, and ap-
parently incapable of a united patriotic effort to
defend the country? May he not have contrasted
our own strength, condition, resources, and ambi-
tion for enterprises with theirs, and reached the
conclusion that in a contest it would be the strong
against the weak, the united and powerful against
the feeble and divided ? In his visions, may he
not have seen all this, and meditated upon the na-
tural inference that the hazard would be small,
while the renown might be great' What could !
better or more completely satisfy his ambition than
to^ have his name descend to posterity identified
with the acquisition of the third or the half of an
empire ?
But, sir, be this as it may, the agitation con-
cerning Texas had scarcely begun to subside, be-
fore California began to be thought necessary for
our convenience. We needed, as the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Corwin] emphatically expressed it,
more room. Some began to think more harbors
were needed for our commerce; others that we
needed a broader front upon the Pacific; others I
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler]
said the other day that he hardly knew what it
meant. ^ But, sir, I have never felt any doubt on
that point. The words themselves convey a very
significant and obvious meaning, which is well
enough characterized by the dramatist,
"Lay on, Macduff;
And damn'd be him that first cries, Hold, enough."
Lay on till the enemy is subdued; bring him,
humbled and powerless, to your feet, and then dic-
tate your own terms of settlement. Discard all
thoughts of amicable arrangement; draw the sword
and fling away the scabbard; rely upon power and
brute force alone, for the strongest can overcome
the weakest; and subjugate him, extorting such
terms and conditions as we please. This is con-
quering; a peace, and this the rule advocated in this
Christian age and in this Christian land. Perhaps
the avowal and maintenance of this system of war-
fare has an object which is in accordance with the
plan of acquisition. I have undeistood that it is a
fundamental provision of the organic law of Mex-
ico that the integrity of the territory shall be sa-
credly maintained, and that public officers take an
oath to that effect. If so, there is no power in the
Government to dismember the territory. If this
be so, (and it is so stated,) then, if territory must
. . . . , „ ,  .   ;i be had, and a peace is not to be made without it,
that California was destined for the Anglo-Saxon i the peace must be conquered and the concession
race; others that m about a century ijre should be | extorted. This is what is called prosecuting
so crowded that this region would be indispensable.
But these were chiefly the loose and scattered sug-
gestions of the press, tending, however, to exhibit
some proofs of a public opinion. After we got into
; a war, there was less of disguise and concealment,
and the objects for which it was to be prosecuted
' became too manifest to be misapprehended. A
message was laid before us on the 8th of August,
which was admitted to be intended to prepare the
way for the acquisition of territory. This was
the character given to it by those who were autho-
rized to speak for the President. But, sir, with- |
out dwelling upon these proofs, the annual mes-
sage is unequivocal. It demands indemnity for
the expenses of the war thus brought on by the !
President. We are now discussing a bill appro-
priating money to make a peace. The chairman
of the committee, with manly frankness, when he
urged us to give to it our support, declared, in un-
equivocal terms, that the object is to acquire terri-
tory, and seemed to think, if he limited his views
to tipper California and New Mexico, he mani-
fested great moderation. He intimated that these
provinces, constituting, in geogiaphical extent,
probably one-third of "the republic, might be re-
ceived as satisfactory for a war of nine months,
but nothing less. If this be moderation and mag-
nanimity, how long, Mr. President, will it take to
absorb all Mexico as an indemnity? j
Mr. President, I have not time to pursue an ex- I
animation of these facts, but I am obliged to infer, i
from the history of events as they have been de- '•
veloped, that the President had no disinclination to i
a war; that it was brought 011 by the indulgence !
j of ambitious hopes, contrary to the express pro- J
| visions of the Constitution, and is prosecuted for ,
I the conquest of territory. i
Now, sir, I will turn my attention to the spirit ;
which has been exhibited in tiie prosecution of it. i
No sooner had Congress, under the pressure of \
j the circumstances brought to bear upon it, recog- J
j nised the war as the act of Mexico, and relieved ;
] the President from the pressure of responsibility j
j which rested upon him, than a shout went through i
I the country that the army would now plant our 1
! flag upon the halls of the Montezumas and dictate !
: a peace in the capital of Mexico. It was declared
that the war would be at an end in sixty days—in J
ninety days at the farthest. Such was the infatu- 1
ation, and such the prevailing folly, that it was
believed to be enough, if the power and means to
carry on a war were given, to bring distracted
Mexico in humility to our feet to sue for a peace.
Men, money, everything has been granted with '
boundless profusion, and ten months have rolled \
away, while there is neither peace nor any signs 1
of peace. j
Another shout went forth at the same time that ;
" we would conquer peace." This became such j
a favorite phrase that it not only graced the press j
everywhere, but has embellished grave State pa- '
pers. "Conquering a peace." And what is that? 1
war vigorously to obtain a peace. And, Mr. Presi-
dent, are men and money voted to carry out such
schemes of ambition by such means ?
I come now to the measure under consideration,
a bill appropriating three millions of dollars. And,
Mr. President, why is this grant demanded > The
President now has all the physical force, all the
revenue, and as much funds by loans as he has
asked. Is not this enough to conquer a peace?
Must the money-power be employed as a distinct
and separate means of conquering.' Must the ene-
my be bought up ? Must we who vaunt our power
to plant the flag upon the halls of the Montezumas,
who scorn any peace but one which is conquered,
traffic for it, and obtain it by bargain upon consid-
eration ? I make these inquiries because I am at a
loss to comprehend how the money is to be em-
ployed. It is, says the bill, to be placed in the
hands of the President, not to buy land, not to sup-
port the army and navy, for we have already pro-
vided for that; but to defray extraordinary expen-
ses. Yes; extraordinary expenses! And this is
all the clue which we have as to the disposition
proposed. Extraordinary expenses cover a very
wide range of discretion, but the purchase of ter-
ritory would hardly fall within the terms " extra-
ordinary expenses." The chairman of the com-
mittee tells us there is some evidence of the neces-
sity of the appropriation which he is not at liberty
to publish, but he ventures to suggest that it may
be paid into the treasury of Mexico and disbursed
to pay and supply the army. Yes, sir, (said Mr
D.,) this may be done; and a singular mode of
conquering a peace it would be, to support the
army of an enemy ! The support, however, may
not begin till a peace is made. What need then
of an army? For what purpose is it to be kept
up? It was broadly hinted here last summer that
the army was thus to be secured to interests of the
United States, and to be employed to maintain
such a treaty, acquired by conquering a peace,
against the people of Mexico. If there be any
foundation for this, and it costs three millions this
year, how long is the exigency to continue, and
what are we to pay next year and the years fol-
lowing? How long will a peace made on such a
plan last? It matters not whether the money is
paid to the army or a military chieftain. If it goes
to set up a transfer against the will of the people,
it can only be maintained by force. And can any
policy be more incongruous, or less in harmony
with our confederacy, than to compel an unwilling
people to belong to it? The foundation of our sys-
tem lests on voluntary association, and can be
maintained no longer than it receives the hearty
and cordial support of the people associated.
Mr. President, have we no hope of peace except
from this species of traffic, which would be alike
disgraceful to the buyer and seller?"
But another question has been made on the sup-
position that territory maybe obtained. Like the
footpads, we have fallen into a quarrel about the
