420
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Feb. 25,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Debate on the Lighthouse Bill.
Ho. of Reps.
division of plunder before it is acquired. Shall
such territory, if acquired, come under our juris-
diction with or without conditions in regard to sla-
very > This has been treated as a great and exci-
ting topic. One party maintains that no condition
can rightfully be imposed, and the other maintains
that slavery shall not be allowed. I shall frankly
suae the positions which I think can be sustained,
but shall enter into no reasonings upon the subject,
as I fear I have too long occupied the attention of
the Senate.
First. I hold that if the power of this Govern-
ment can be invoked and its money employed to
annex territory to promote and extend the interests
of the slaveholders, then it follows, as a necessary
consequence, that the Government may impose
conditions in regard to the toleration of slavery.
Its power to promote cannot be maintained if its
power to regulate or abolish be denied.
Second. If, as has been alleged, where slavery
is found to exist, it must be continued because it
exists, then when territory is fiee it should con-
tinue so because it is free.
Third. It must be known to every one that if
free territory is brought under the jurisdiction of
the United States, and slavery is permitted to be
established upon it, it is extremely difficult, if not
impossible, to extinguish it, because the rights to
property cannot be divested without compensation;
and new States, being generally feeble and poor
when they come into the Union, are unable to
grapple with it. This circumstance has made four
out of five of the States, created out of territory
acquired before Texas, slave States. The fiee
States cannot meet and control this practical opera-
tion so as to place themselves upon a footing of
equality, except by prompt and early provision
excluding slavery. If they neglect to avail them-
selves of this power, (he compromises of the Con-
stitution will be utterly frustrated.
Entertaining these opinions, I, at the last ses-
sion, when a bill came from the House, which in
its general objects was similar to the one now under
consideration, and contained a provision restrain-
ing slavery, resisted a motion to strike that pro-
vision out.
This seemed to touch the organ of the President
and its satellites in a tender spot, and such a tor-
rent of abusive invective, calumny, and misrepre-
sentation has seldom been poured upon any devoted
head. And, what is not a little remarkable, the
Presidential worshippers and a portion of the
abolition press rivalled each other in culling choice
words from the dictionary to make their slanders
the more bald, and for that reason the more in-
credible. But, Mr. President, these gratuitous
labors neither disturbed my sleep nor impaired my
appetite; and my only motive now for noticing
them is, that the facts may appear as they are.
What was rt which gave rise to this flood of de-
traction ? What was U tiiat brought these extremes
to cooperate for common purpose, as they did
during the canvass of VIr. Polk, which terminated
in the annexation of Texas?
The crime consisted in an effort to prevent the
striking from the bill this provision restraining sla-
very. The question then raised was precisely the
same which has now engaged the attention of dis-
tinguished minds, and lias been represented to be
a matter of such momentous character as to threaten
the stability of this Union. Such a question as
that was raised in the expiring moments of the
session, when we were overwhelmed with other
business. Those who object to my action main-
tain of course that it was our duty to sit here and
passively submit in silence to the decision of such
a question. I am not among those who adopt this <
as a rule of conduct, or maintain that the Senate is ■
a body to register the will of the President. I am I
not answerable for springing such a question upon I
us in the last moments of a long session. Whether j
the object was to avoid debate is unknown to me i
nor do I make any complaint on this score; but if ;
such measures are brought forward at such a !
season, I acknowledge no right in any one to in- j
sist th.u they shall be acted upon in silencc. ]
I had, as I thought, and now think, great reason ;
to believe that the motion would prevail; I cannot |
of course speak with certainty; but if I do not \
mistake the signs around us now, that opinion will I
piove to be well founded. Suppose it had occur- (
red, and I and my colleague had witnessed it in li
silence, making no effort to avert such a result,
what a mountain wave of indignation would have
been rolled uoon us.
But, Mr. President, if the Presidential organ, its
satellites, or the Abolition pre^fe, suppose that a
measure of this description was to be disposed of
thus summarily and in silence, they are probably
greatly mistaken, as I saw around me unmistake-
able evidence that if the floor had been yielded the
debate would have been continued. Great, how-
ever, as were my objections to other provisions of
the bill, if the mover had withdrawn his motion to
strike out, so far as regards me, the question might
have been taken.
Now, sir, the whole time absorbed in this matter
did not, I must think, exceed fifteen or twenty
minutes, and I have seen it stated on the authority
of reporters that I was interrupted nine times du-
ring that period by messages and business from the
House of Representatives, and probably as often
from other causes. The residue of the time was
left to debate a gi eat agitating question which gen-
tlemen say here will shake this Union to its centre.
This is the head and front of my offending; and
now, sir, if the question had been taken by yeas
and nays on this amendment and on the bill, and
if anything had been done here which required
concurrence in the House, it is entirely apparent
that the bill could not have been matured if a word
had not been uttered. But there is one remaining
matter upon which I wish to say a word. I stated
to the mover, and m good faith, that he should
have an opportunity to take the question, and it
was my purpose to give that opportunity; but un-
known to me, and I believe also to others, the clock
of this Chamber was some eight minutes slower
than that of the House; and at the moment when
I was about to yield the floor the adjournment of
the House was announced by message. Mr. Presi-
dent, the failure of the bill has defeated no peace,
nor left any cause of regret. I beg pardon of the
Senate for occupying its time for a moment in a
personal matter.
Mr. President, one or two matters remain for a
brief and hurried notice.
First, the amendment of the Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Berrien,] which amounts to a decla-
ration that the war is not to be prosecuted for
conquest, and the United States are desirous of
concluding a treaty on terms honorable to both
republics, meets my approbation.
| To this I shall give a cheerful support, under
[ the conviction that it will do more to hasten a peace
j than all the resources of the country employed in
1 waging war.
j The Mexican mind is chiefly inflamed and ex-
j asperated by the belief that it is our purpose to
i dismember their territory, and take from them a
I portion of their republic. A distinct avowal by
I Congress would at once allay that excitement, and
| change the whole character of the controversy.
Men would no longer believe themselves to be
contending for their homes and firesides. This
obstacle once removed, in proof that we are not
actuated by a lust of dominion, and nothing re-
mains which may not be speedily and satisfactorily
adjusted.
I shall also support the proposition of the House,
if offered, to restrain slavery; not that 1 am desi-
rous of acquiring territory, but, as I fear the war
was brought on for that purpose, the Executive
may still pursue that object, and should Mexico,
for the purpose of making a final adjustment, vol-
untarily concede land, I would provide for that
contingency. But I am chiefly influenced in this
by another consideration. I think I fully under-
stand theviews of the President on this question
of enlarging our boundaries. His sentiments,
sympathies, and desires are those of a slaveholder,
desirous of giving permanency and perpetuity to
the institution. He views the slave and free in-
terests in many respects as antagonists, and lends
his support and influence to the former. I would,
then, Mr. President, put an end to the exertion of
this power by destroying the motive. Pass this
provision, make the territory free, and I hesitate
not to believe that we shall never hear of the Pres-
ident lifting a finger to increase the number of free
States.
If we adopt these two amendments, which I fear
we shall not be able to do, we shall have a peace
within three months, and one that will demand no ■
armies to give to it strength and endurance. There
is no difficulty in bringing this war to a close if a
peace is desired.
THE LIGHTHOUSE BILL.
DEBATE
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
February 25, 1847.
The House being in Committee of the Whole,
and having under consideration the Lighthouse
Bill-
Mr. MARTEN", of Tennessee, alluded to the
large amount of money appropriated by this bill,
the slight knowledge of the committee as to the
necessity of the lighthouses asked for, the log-
rolling character of the whole proceeding, it* re-
semblance in this respect to the harbor bill, &c.,
and expressed his hope that at this time, when all
the resources of the country were needed for the
prosecution of the war, every Democrat would re-
flect on the nature of these appropriations, and
examine the bill well before he thought of giving
it his support.
Mr. WENTWORTH urged the necessity for
the bill, especially at a time like this, when ev# ry
mail brought us the intelligence of some fatal
wreck, and when our troops could not reach their
field of action without running the most imminent
hazard of being buried in the deep or stranded on
the dangerous parts of the coast, which were almost
destitute, for a vast distance, of a single light to
guide the benighted mariner on his way. The bill
had been drawn in the treasury by Mr. Pleasanton,
under whose care the lighthouse system was placed,
and who, he presumed, would be admitted even by
the gentleman from Tennessee himself to be a
Democrat of the first water. Not an item had been
reported by the committee that had not undergone
bis examination and approval, and which had not
heen estimated for in dollars and cents before it
was put in the bill; and this was the first light-
house bill that had passed since 1838. He hoped
no Democrat would be induced to vote against a
measure so much needed and of such eminent and
general utility.
Mr. WINTHROP concurred entirely in the
views just expressed, and in support of them ad-
duced a Setter he had just received from a merchant
of Boston, stating the recent wreck of a vessel on
a rock in Boston harbor, by which large sums had
been lost for want of a lighthouse, at a point where
it was greatly needed. Pie believed there could be
no better economy practised by the Government
than the guarding the coast against dangers from
shipwreck, so far as this could be done by supply-
ing lights to guide our mariners. Not less than
§80.000 had been lost to the Government in duties
in the single port of Boston atone for want of this
very lighthouse.
Mr./W. W. CAMPBELL confiimed the truth
of similar losses of vessels, involving large loss to
the Government in duties that would have come
into the treasury—losses that, if avoided, would
be far more than sufficient to erect ail the light-
houses proposed by the lull.
Mr. J. R.JNGERSOLL spoke with warmth
against the principle which seemed to be at the
bottom of the opposition to this bill, viz: that he-
cause the Government was at war—and he went
for supporting the war—that therefore the ordina-
ry and necessary expenses for the support of (he
Government and to meet the wants of the people
must be suspended. It was impolitic and practi-
cally impossible to act on such a principle. The
expenses of a Government in a state of war must
of course be great, else why resort to loans and
extra duties ? But must the Representatives of the
people stop the wheels of Government on that ac-
count: No While he would vote to sustain (he
war, he would vote also to sustain the country: to
meet and provide for its wants and its prosperity.
Besides, there was an extra need for extending tins
lighthouse system on account of the war it«Hf.
The track of ocean which our naval forces must
traverse to rcach the seat of war, and which lay-
along a highly dangerous coast, where the water
was shallow and our vessels in continual danger,
was almost wholly destitute of the necessary snp-
ply of Jight. Through the Bahama Straus, per-
