1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Debate on the Lighthouse Bill.
Ho. of Reps.
haps the most dangerous pass of alJ, we had to rely
almost exclusively on the lighthouses erected and
maintained by the British Government. Was this
creditable to a country like this? He hoped the
democracy of gentlemen would be shown, not in
their opposition to a measure of obvious and admit-
ted utility, but in voting promptly for the protec-
tion of the property and the lives of their country-
men.
Mr. MARTIN, of Tennessee, said that he was
not opposed to the erection of lighthouses at points
where they were needed, and he admitted that there
were some points near our great commercial cities
where lighthouses might be necessary. He had
wanted the chairman of the committee, [Mr. Mc-
Clelland,] who reported this bill, to tell him the
grounds on which these items had been placed in
the bill, and he had not done it. Was it not just
the same sort of a bill as the river and harbor bill,
containing something to secure the support of every
district of the country, and uniting so many inter- j
ests in one bill as to thereby make its passage sure? i
If it was a fair bill, Mr. M. should not be opposed j
to it. To place lighthouses near the entrance of
our principal harbors was very proper: but here j
were points far in the interior, away up by the !
lakes, obviously pSt in for the purpose of buying ;
up votes in that quarter.
Mr. McCLELLAND said that it was an ex-
ceedingly easy thing for any man to get up here
and make general allegations against the commit-
tee which had reported this bill; and it was not
less easy for those who did it to display their total
ignorance of the whole subject.
Mr. MARTIN here interposed, and inquired of I
Mr. MeC. whether he had not asked him, before
he spoke upon the bill, to show him the reports
on which these items were recommended, and
had not the gentleman told him that none were
to be found ? He had not reflected upon the com-
mittee; but he did think they had reported a bill j
that was not just and proper. There had not been .
time to investigate the necessity of the lighthouses j
proposed; four hundred and seventy-two thousand ;
dollars were to be appropriated by the bill, and ,
that in the midst of a war. The chairman, when j
applied to, could not tell him what amount of
money the bill proposed to appropriate; he could I
not add up the figures. I
Mr. McCLELLAND reminded Mr. Martin, ;
that when he asked him how much the bill appro- :
priated, he had told him " something over §400,000, ;
but he could not exactly say how much over, be- j
cause he had not added up the whole of the items." j
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said that the bill, as !
it now stood, appropriated more than $580,000. I
Mr. McCLELLAND said he was not himself t
the draughtsman of the bill. It was substantially j
the same" bill as had been reported last year, with [
a few additions that had been made at the depart- :
ment. I
The gentleman admitted that there were some
points where lighthouses ought to be placed; but '
he objected to appropriations for any on the shores
of the great northern lakes. Did the gentleman :
know anything about the necessity of lighthouses
on those lakes ? Had he ever traversed the lakes ?
Did the gentleman know that an amount of com-
merce daily passed over the bosom of those great
inland seas greater than the whole foreign com- i
itierce of the country? that the amount of tonnage :
was as great as the whole coasting trade on the
Atlantic shores? Was the very intelligent gentle- |
man aware of the fact that more than two hundred
thousand passengers were annually tiansported :
tfver those waters and along the lake coasts and I
straits and rivers ? Was it a matter of no impor- .
tance to that gentleman to save this amount of hu- •
man life from the perils of shipwreck? Would
the gentleman, if he was intimately acquainted with
the wants of the country in this respect, be so good
as to point out one single item in the bill which the
committee ought not to have inserted, and about
which the department which had the subject in par-
ticular charge was not as well informed as the gen-
tleman ? The gentleman had referred to one point
near the mouth of a river which emptied into the
lakes, as an example to show how ignorant the
committee were as to where lighthouses were prop-
er, (not having had any reports to guide them;) and
yet it so happened that that was one of the most
important points on all the lake shores. T,r "'''
might be unpleasant to the gentleman's ears; it
might not suit his taste; and yet it might be a point
where a light was preeminently needed.
Mr. McC. said that though he was not himself
the draughtsman of the bill, yet he had examined
every item in it with care, and every item had been
deliberately discussed in the committee. The bill
had been drawn by a gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Giles,] of large information on commercial
matters. Every lighthouse in it had the express
approval and recommendation of the department,
and yet the gentleman invoked the Democrats of
that House to vote against the bill!
The gentleman wanted reports and estimates,
then he would have been satisfied. Well, the com-
mittee had had reports and estimates for every item
in the river and harbor bill, (which seemed so
much the object of the gentleman's displeasure,)
and yet he had not voted for that bill. If he was
so very orthodox as to vote without personal re-
flection or inquiry for every expenditure for which
there was a report and estimate, why did he vote
against the harbor bill ?
Mr. McC. agreed with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Wjnthrof] and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ingersoll,] that there
could not be a bill devised of greater importance
to the commerce of the. country and the lives and
safety of our brave mariners. The safety of the
whole commerce of the country depended on the
erecting and keeping up of lighthouses at every
necessary point along our marine seaboard, as well
as our frontier shores upon the lakes. There had
been no lighthouse bill passed by Congress since
1838. Was it not time that another should be
passed to meet the growing necessities of the
country, and its rapidly-spreading commerce!
There was one item which had been introduced
into this bill on Mr. McC.'s own motion; its cost
was five thousand dollars, and it would pave annu-
ally from fifty to one hundred lives. Was this,
in the gentleman's view, a matter of no impor-
tance? Mr. McC. said, when the gentleman had
up his mileage bill, he had voted for it to accom-
modate the gentleman, and give him a little Bun-
combe in his district. Ought he not, in return, to
have done the same for Mr. McC., and give him a
little Buncombe too ? [A laugh.]
Mr. HAMLIN rose, under some little excite-
ment, and said that he doubted whether gentlemen
who were so zealous in invoking the Democrats of
the House to oppose this bill could tell the differ-
ence between a ship and a brig, (if they happened
to see one,) or a schooner from a sloop; and yet
they undertook to assure the House that the light-
houses in this bill were not needed, and that its
passage was a matter of little importance. The
gentleman from Kentucky, being intimately ac- ji
quamted with every point of our coast, had stated '1
to the House that there actually were some points
where, m his judgment, a lighthouse was needed.
Now, if this gentleman was so much wiser than ;
the officers of the Department whose duty it was j
to examine this whole subject, let him rise and j
point out where lights were needed and where j
they were not; let him put his finger on the par- i
tieulars in this bill which had not been properly j
considered, and on which he could give the com- J
mittee new and valuable information. If he could
show one of them which the commerce of the
country did not require, and could tell why, Mr.
means to proteet the lives of our seamen anrd the
property and commerce of the entire country.
This lighthouse system belonged to the character
of our country and the habits of our people. It had
grown with our growth and strengthened with our
strength, and the President himself had publicly
and explicitly recognised it as being in conformity
with the Constitution.
But the gentleman objected to the amount of
money in the bill. This was his great argument
against it. But he had not put his finger on the
items that could be dispensed with. If there were
any which could be spared, let the gentleman's
superior wisdom enlighten the department on that
point, and supply it with the information which
his long familiarity with maritime affairs so well
enabled him to give. But, until he should do this,
Mr. H., though a Democrat, would venture to vote
for the bill, whether ils total amount had or had
not been counted up, or whether the chairman was
or was not sufficiently skilled in arithmetic for such
a task.
Mr. GILES said he had had'the honor, at the last
session, to be a member of the Committee on Com-
merce when this bill was reported. He had care-
fully examined the items contained in the bill, and
had got a written opinion of the superintendent of
the lighthouse system on each particular item.
This was the same bill which had been reported
to the House at the last session, with the addition
of a few items this year, among which were two
lighthouses on the coast of Florida. The disas-
trous scenes which had occurred upon our coast
j were sufficient to admonish the House that the bill
i should not have been postponed till now. All
j these lighthouses should have been erected before
! the storms of the present winter. Wreck after
| wreck had taken place on our lakes, and losses had
| been sustained by our citizens, both in our internal
i anil our foreign commerce, which would have been
j more than sufficient to pay for all the lighthouses
! contained in this bill. The Florida coast was great-
! ly deficient in these accommodations, notwith-
standing the great mass of our southern commerce
j passed in its immediate vicinity. Indeed, there
| was scarce a light at present all the way from the
! Atlantic to the mouth of the Rio Grande. Two
i substantial lighthouses had been swept away by
I the tornadoes which had recently visited that
! stormy coast. It was not only Florida,'or even
! the southern States, that were interested in the
proper lighting of the Bahama channel and the
coast of Texas; the northeastern extremity of the
Union was as much, and even more, concerned in
the safety of the navigation which passed by that
route to New Orleans and the East Indies. It was,
in fact, the great highway of nations, and the com-
merce of the whole world was, to a great extent,
interested in having it properly protected from
danger.
But it was said that the nation was now at war,
and that this was not the proper time to make so
large an expenditure for objects of a merely civil
character. But there were some things which
ought to be considered as well as the necessary
provision for the expenses of the war. This coun-
try had permanent interests which were not to be
set aside. What, in fact, had made the country
what it was? Was it the war in which we had
been engaged, or was it our manufactures, which
had aiven us our present elevation, and made this
h. - ar-TS'ff etnssss 3 ssssaoiv
the House now to decide was, whether Congress ;j poured imo our !ap the riches
would protect the commerce of the country, or , tened y 'PormPer Congresses had regularly
leave it, together with the lives of thousands of our ^p^p^j^ed for this object until the year. 183(5;
citizens, exposed to all the dangeis of acoast so p ^ ^ ^ biU 0'f this character had pass-
vast in extent, both on the ocean and the lakes?
The gentleman thought these lighthouses of little ;; year we had added a new empire
importance. If the gentleman had been with ;! extenuiiu.. . . , ..  
Mr. H. in the midst of surrounding darkness and '
storm, with the sound of breakers in his ears and
,i a rocky coast beneath bis lee, and not a light to :
: which the eye of the mariner could turn, he mi2;ht ;
i! perhaps have been of a different opinion. Had he
1 . * i .3 .1. - C nU.Mii> ouri
ed Meanwhile our commerce bad been rapidly
ins- Last year we had added a new empire
to our confederacy on the Atlantic border, and be-
fore a year was passed he hoped we should add
another on our Pacific coast. The commerce of
the country needed this appropriation. Because
we had given thirty-four millions to carry on the
that a reason why some half a million
i ever heard the voice of the strong swimmer in his ^^Tr^bfects of so gre« utility
,! agony, while his vessel, driving on an non-bound , ^ indispensable to the commercial interests
! coast, was made the sport of winds and waves, and ,, country > He hoped the gentleman from
| no friendly lighthouse exluoited its star of hope to ; tuck„ [Mr. Martin] %vould review the ground
iI cheer the midnight wanderer upon the ! !, had ta^.en and,after a "sober second thought,'
\' might perhaps have thought a lighthouse of so e >. w • e hi]j jjjg COrdial support.
'• little value, and might better have appreciated the , w T ACOB THOMPSON regretted the debate.
Democrat in Congress to take all proper ivxr. javud
Its name duty of a
