1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Pay of the Army—Mr. Graham,
Ho. of Reps.
Government build lighthouses on all these rivers
as on the lakes. The object is to avoid snags;
and if steamboats can do this by having light to
see them, it is the same thing to them as if the
snags were drawn out of the rivers. The obliga-
tion of the Government is just as great in the one
case as in the other. I think it fortunate that the
amendment has been offered; it shows up the prin-
ciple of the bill, and what we may come to if that
principle is once admitted.
But the gentleman from Kentucky has not gone
quite far enough. He wants these lighthouses to
facilitate commerce. Now if Congress can, under
the power to "regulate commerce," erect these
lighthouses to facilitate it, why cannot they build
roads and cut canals to facilitate it? Ay, and why
not build boats and rail-cars to travel on them?
This would facilitate commerce greatly, and go
far to promote the interests of home industry and
a home market.
For these principles of the gentleman's great
master-spirit of Kentucky, Mr. P. hoped that no
Democrat on that floor would be found voting, on
this or any other occasion. They were utterly
opposed to what used to be the principles of the
Democratic party in former days. What they
were now, God only knew. [Great merriment
among the Whigs.] Mr. P. was prepared to re-
sist all such doctrine: he should not depart from
the paths of his Democratic fathers. He trusted
this bill would meet that fate which all such log-
rolling schemes ought to meet—a decided rejection
by the votes of a Democratic Congress.
Mr McKAY offered as an amendment a new
section, providing for a survey, by an officer of
engineers, of any new site on which a lighthouse
is authorized to be placed by the provisions of the
bill, before the erection of such lighthouse.
Mr. GRINNELL said that the amendment
moved by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means went to put the whole subject of the
erection of lighthouses under the absolute discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury. Now, Mr.
G. had always supposed that Congress was the
proper authority to judge on such questions, and
not one of the heads of department.
Mr. McKAY said he would modify his amend-
ment so as to require the Secretary to report to
Congress his views, and let Congress pass upon
them. If thegentleman from Massachusetts would
look into the records of the House, he would find
that this same provision had been inserted in all
the previous lighthouse bills. It was m the bill of
1838, which provided that no money should be
expended on these works unless there had been a
preliminary examination and report. And he
should himself prefer the insertion of a guard of
that kind now.
It was said that all the sites in this bill had been
recommended by the Committee on Commerce.
But what did the House know about them ' Had
any topographical report been laid before them on
wh'ich they could rely to form a judgment whether
a lighthouse was needed at a particular point or
not? None at all.
The chairman of the committee said that the
committee had reliable information, sufficient for
it to form a judgment upon. This might be so in
some cases: but the amendment Mr. McK. had
offered would supply the deficiency where such
information was not possessed. Lighthouses had,
in some instances, been erected at wrong places,
and where they were an injury rather than a bene-
Mr. McCLELLAND (chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce) expressed himself in lavor
of the amendment. It would show the House
that that committee were not desirous of acting
rashly on this matter, but preferred to have the
works proposed to them previously examined by
competent authority before the lighthouses were
actually erected. But he was not willing to defer
the works recommended m this bill till another
session of Congress. There were some, particu-
larly those on the coast of Texas, some near the
harbor of New York, and some in Maine, which
required the immediate action of Congress.
Mr. PILLSBURY did not. pretend to be ac-
quainted with the general merits of the bill; but,
in regard to the works proposed to be erected in
Texas, he could say that there were some points
on that coast where lighthouses were greatly need-
ed, and where they must be placed, if gentlemen
would preserve our commerce coastwise from de-
struction. The property of Government which
must be exposed to loss for the want of light on
these prominent points would cost many times tlfe
sum asked for lighthouses. He hoped there would
be no delay in commencing works so greatly need-
ed. The department was in possession of ample
and authentic information on which to act; and he
trusted action would not be put off till next Con-
gress, when all must be begun anew.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, contended that the com-
mittee were possessed of abundant information to
warrant the action of the House. The amendment
was obviously brought forward merely for the pur-
pose of delay, and to defeat the measure for the
present Congress. There was no need of the wily
ceremony of having a topographical survey and re-
port before a lighthouse could be put up. All that I
was necessary was a solid foundation and a spot of I
sufficient elevation to command a clear, uninter- 1
rupted view around it. When once the spot was j
known, the navigator would govern himself ac-
of their own country into the chaparrals of Mexi-
co, where the air is pestilence and the water is
poison; where the climate fights for the enemy;
where the privations, hardships, exposures, and
perils are much greater than they would be in a
densely populated and well cultivated country.
The Government ought to and must pay liberally,
if it expects to persuade able-bodied men to aban-
don the peaceful pursuits of civil life to encounter
the hardships and hazards of war in a foreign coun-
try and in an unpropitious climate.
In an old settled and well improved country,
seven dollars will often buy more comforts than
ten dollars will in a distant wilderness, among
semi-savages and barbarians. At the close of the
last war with Great Britain, Congress gave a boun-
ty of land to those who engaged to serve for five
years; and also one hundred and twenty-four dol-
lars in money, beside the bounty m land, to such
as served to the end of the war. Why had the
Government been thus liberal in its offers? Sim-
ply because the requisite number of men could not
be procured without such inducements. I think
we ought to act on the same principle; and that
cordingly. The idea of requiring a survey in each '! was my view in presenting this measure to the
case was so absurd, that the object of proposing it J consideration of the House. We want to raise the
became apparent. If it was proposed to erect a .J number of our army in the regular and volunteer
fort, indeed, a reconnoissance and regular survey, I, service, and we want to do it promptly; for in this
with a full and minute report, would be proper not matter time constitutes an important element,
only, but indispensable. But it was folly to talk j j T j i .i u,
of requiring this before you could put up a little i]
tower to hold a lantern to the benighted mariner. Ir
The question being taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr. McKay, it was rejected without
a count.
PAY OP THE ARMY.
SPEECH OF MR. J. GRAHAM,
of north carolina,
In the House of Representatives,
January '26, 1847.
I will now briefly state and explain the objects
and provisions of the bill under discussion.
The first section increases the pay of both regu-
j' lars and volunteers, and places them on the same
; platform of equal right and equal pay. Any
i distinction between the different kinds of troops
I' would be unjust and invidious, and have a perni-
| cious effect on the harmony and efficiency of the
i, army. The monthly pay contemplated in this bill
! is the same to every description of force. They
11 all stand on the same footing as to wages for the
i i same sort of service. Their monthly pay is to
■. be the same from the beginning to the end of the
What more does this bill contemplate? The
The Bill increasing the Pay and giving Bounties to j second section provides, that if any soldier or vol-
Soldiers and Volunteers, being under considera-1' unteer shall render extraordinary services over and
tion nf Committee of the Whole— j above his ordinary duties, he shall receive an ex-
Mr. GRAHAM said: traordinary reward at the expiration of his term of
Mr". Chairman: At an early period of this ses- 1 service. In that event he shall be entitled to and
sion of Congress, I presented to the House a propo- !' receive from Government a land bomtyot «e
sition to increase, from seven to ten dollars per!; hundred and sixty acres of land, upon is
month, the pay of the soldiers and volunteers en- '• ing and presenting an honorable discharge.
gaged in the war with Mexico; and also, at the • is sufficient to secure to the returning soldier a
expiration of their services, to give each of them home for the remainder of his days. That boon
one hundred and sixty acres of bounty land. The I deem to be nothing more than the duty of Con-
Committee on Military Affairs afterwards reported !j gress to bestow. We have a vast amount o pi -
 That bill, with numerous :1 lie land belonging to the United States, and can
well afford to grant a little farm to each, war-worn
soldier, when the conflict of arms is over and end-
ed. If the Government could give land bounties
a bill on that subject
proposed amendments and substitutes, was refer-
red to a select committee to consider all the various ;
and conflicting opinions in relation to that matter.
ana conflicting opinions m relation iu mm intuitu. *«•   r . j
As I was a member of the select committee, and as for military services in the revolutionarywar and
they have adopted and reported back substantially !j in the last war with Great Bntam, foi figh ?
. x • j x - i_ .TT  t   , battles at home, why cannot we now giant similar
bounties for similar services in a foreign war with
Mexico ? The services to be rendered now are far
more arduous and far more distant than our sol-
the bill I presented to the House, I now feel called
upon to explain its objects and provisions, and to
offer some reasons and arguments why it should
eigYwaTwuf Mexico!7 tT* quesdon fs li ™!X.°afterfalthMly serX
j how we came into this war, bat how are we to gel
out of it f That is the question which every patriot
. „ invoked to consider and answer. We want a
| present ready help, an efficient force, to prosecute
I the war with energy and vigor, believing that the
hotter the war, the sooner the peace. We want to ,
1 induce both soldiers and volunteers to enter into ,| foHongjjenods^.
I the service of the United States during the war 1 rr"~- *1"-'
I ao-ainst Mexico; and, in order to procure them, it
! is'necessary that we should hold out and present
! proper inducements and a reasonable compensa-
preceding period; and surely, after faithfully s<
ing out their time, for twelve months, or until the
end of the war against Mexico, they are justly
entitled to a lasting mark of their country s gr®t!"
tilde, and a permanent abiding place on the public
land. You perceive the obvious object is to en-
courage individuals to volunteer and enter the army
, UU1J. . 1
| With that view, I propose to increase the pay
from seven to ten dollars per month, because I de- ,
I sire to see our gallant soldiers and volunteers paid
i| an adequate allowance for their services and sac-
'I rifices. The present pay of seven dollars per ,
!| month may be sufficient in time of peace, or when
II soldiers are campaigning in the limits of the United
li States, where the necessaries of life are cheap and ^
! '«the comforts of good livmg are found m great jj rewart; f the bill declares that if any
,! abundance. But it is insufficient when you march ;l The foui ti section ot undertaken to
li the soldiers and volunteers beyond the boundaries soldier oi volunteer, a g
The third section of the bill provides that if any
soldier or volunteer, after being mustered into
the service of the United States for twelve months,
or until the end of the war, shall be wounded, or
otherwise disabled, and prevented ;he[eby
servino- out the time for which he had engaged,
he shall nevertheless get his bounty of one hun-
dred and sixty acres of the public, land, lhis
is obviously just. He intended and engaged to
serve- and if circumstances over which he had
control have prevented him from carrying out
his patriotfc purpose, that is not his
no <
and fulfilling m-' p«.«.«> '• — i j- _ i _ _ -I
fault, and ought not to prevent his getting his full
