1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Tobacco Trade—Mr. John G. Chapman.
Ho. of Reps.
of those duties have been properly represented to
the several Governments of Europe, yet no change
has been made, except in Holland and Belgium.
In those countries the duty is not so high as to be
cause of complaint.
It will be recollected, sir, that a convention of
tobacco-planters met in this city in 1838, and an-
other in 1840, to consider what measures could be
adopted to benefit this staple. They memorialized
Congress, and asked that suitable action should be
taken to induce foreign Governments to lessen their
duties upon, and repeal their monopolies of tobac-
co. Agents and ministers were sent, as I have
stated, to negotiate upon the subject, and yet no
benefit has resulted from it, exccpt that in Belgium
the duty on all American tobacco is now the same,
and the transit duty on that which is intended for
the German market has been reduced.
I think, sir, I am sustained fully by facts and
experience, when I say that this interest has been
more neglected than any other of the great inter-
ests of the country. Every other interest of the
country has met with some favor or protection
from the Government. Cotton was protected, as
long as necessary, by a duty which was prohibi-
tory. Grain has also been protected by adequate
duties. Iron, hemp, manufactures of different
kinds, have each been properly cared for. Salu-
tary laws have been passed to foster and protect
your commercial marine. Your fisheries have re-
ceived encouragement and aid, and bounties and
drawbacks have been extended to them. But
nothing has been done to insure an increased de-
mand for tobacco, or to lessen the restrictions
imposed by foreign governments upon its admis-
sion in their ports, by which the producer would
receive an increased price. I should do injustice
to distinguished gentlemen who have represented
the district which I now have the honor to repre-
sent, as also to those who have represented other
portions of the country interested in the growth of
this staple, if I did not say, that efforts had been
made from time to time to direct the attention of
the Government to the subject, and to obtain fa-
vorable action to this interest. But, sir, all those
efforts have been fruitless and unavailing; and it
becomes us to inquire, if there is not some mode
by which the Government can aid and encourage
this interest, to place it by its arrangements upon
an equality with the other staple productions of :
the country. It were needless to inquire whether '
the efforts and attempted action of the Govern-
ment on this subject heretofore, have been wise or
not. Tliey have failed. All the efforts made have
been fruitless and unavailing. The same restric-
tions exist; the same enormous duties and exac-
tions are levied by the governments of Europe,
and so will continue, until our own Government
shall speak upon the subject in a language not to
be misunderstood or unheeded. I am aware, sir,
of the difficulties attending all efforts to draw the
attention of the Government to this subject, from
the fact that the tobacco interest has but few rep-
resentatives on this floor. But, sir, although a
few, we know our rights as citizens of this Gov-
ernment, and we ask no more than has been done 1
for other interests, and we ask it in the confiding
faith that justice will be done to us.
We have seen, Mr. Chairman, that it is second ;
to no other interest of the country, cxcept cotton;
that it contributes more to the commerce of the
country, and affords more of the exchanges for
foreign productions; and that it is burdened and
oppressed by such duties and restrictions as are
not permitted to be imposed upon any of the other
productions of the country. Sir, this staple en-
gages in its cultivation and manufacture more than
a million and a half of the population of the
United States, and a large portion of our shipping.
And now, le't me ask, is there any remedy for
the grievances under which we labor ? Negotiation
in the most amicable spirit has been tried; for fif-
teen years has this Government had her agents
abroad on this subject. Some of the ablest and
most experienced men, learned civilians, accom-
plished diplomatists, and sagacious commercial
men, have been deputed to treat upon this subject.
It has been brought to the attention of the govern-
ments of Europe in the most imposing form. All
that could be done by negotiation has been done.
The governments of Europe are asked to place
this article of commerce upon an equal footing
with other articles; to admit this production in
their ports upon terms approaching to reciprocity.
But we have asked in vain. They talk of free
trade and amicable arrangements in reply, but their
duties are not diminished, their restrictions are not
removed, their regies are not repealed, nor their
monopolies discharged. The same evil exists, and
is like to continue as long as this Government will
permit it.
Let us look at some of the treaty stipulations
which have been offered to us upon this subject.
The Zoll Yerein treaty was one of the efforts
made to benefit this trade. It was not acceptable
to the country. The concessions which it required
of other interests for the small diminution of duties
on tobacco, were believed to be too great, and it ]
contained principles which could not be admitted j
without yielding to the Executive, powers which j
are believed to reside in the legislative branch of j
the Government. I mean not to discuss the pro- i
priety of the action of the Senate in laying that
treaty on the table. But it is known to the coun-
try that its ratification would by implication have
conferred the power of legislation upon the Presi-
dent and Senate, without the action of the House
of Representatives, and thus have put the whole
tariff policy of the country, its industry and its
revenues, under Executive restraints and control.
I mean not to speak of the reasons which influ-
enced Senators in their action on that treaty. The
action of the Senate, and the fate of that treaty,
are matters of history, and we may reasonably
infer some of the considerations which led to its
defeat, and we may conjecture the consequences
which would have flowed from its ratification as a
precedent of Executive encroachment upon the i
legislative functions of the Government. j
There is another treaty, sir, now pending, which, <
if rumor be true, is liable to similar objections. \
! The particulars of that treaty have not been pub- j
! lished, and I know nothing of it. But rumor will !
i not be dumb, and it is said that its ratification has i
| been opposed because of the unequal concessions 1
| made for small and unimportant advantages to the
I tobacco trade. I speak of the treaty with the King !
I of Hanover.
! Such, doubtless, would be the terms and charac-
ter of any treaty which could be negotiated. The
Governments of Europe will part unwillingly with
; any portion of their taxes upon tobacco, and then
^ upon terms so far removed from reciprocal advan-
tage, that this Government will not acquiesce in
the stipulated concessions.
Mr. Wheaton, in his despatch No. 202, dated at
Stuttgard, July 22, 1842, says—
, "That the associated States are not at present willing to
; make any reduction in the duties on our leaf tobaecoes.
unless they can be assured that it will be followed by acor-
i responding leduction on their productions and fabrics im-
| ported into the United States."
| Such is the disposition of all the Governments
j of Europe which levy heavy duties and exactions
upon our tobacco—the second staple of the coun-
try. They are willing to abate those duties, which
now range from one hundred to two thousand per
cent., if such an expression is correct in mercantile
• language, provided this Govemment'will diminish
! the'duties which are levied in our ports upon their
■ fabrics and productions, averaging about twenty
I per cent. Where is the reciprocity 5 That prin-
' ciple was well sustained by the associated States
in the Zoll Verein treaty, which was not ratified
by our Government, because, as is believed, it
contained concessions upon our part more than
equivalent for the unimportant reduction which
they proposed to make in their duties upon our
tobacco. The difficulty of effecting any arrange-
! ment with the German "CustomsUnion is increased
by the terms and nature of that association, as
every alteration in their tariff, entered into by one
of the associated States, requires the unanimous
'i consent of the States composing the Customs
! Union or Zoll Yerein. Hence, to treat with one
i of those States, is to treat with all—any arrange-
. ment entered into with one of them requiring the
' ratification of all the others—the diversity of m-
!l terests and contrariety of views, inducing different
| opinions and conclusions, as their various interests
i may direct them.
i To show the unreasonable demands of the dif-
; ferent States composing the Customs Union, I ask
' the attention of the House to a communication
ii from the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the King
of Wurtemberg to Mr. Wheaton, the American
Plenipotentiary, dated September 25, 1842. He
says:
"The conference, nevertheless, does not, to its great
regret, find itself at the present moment in a situation to
take any other determination upon tbe question of the tariff
of raw tobaccoes, or to engage in a more direct negotiation
upon this subject; among other reasons,because, above all,
there does not at present exist any precise proposition as
to the advantages which the Government of the United.
States, in case of a reduction of the tobacco duties, would
be disposed to accord, reciprocally, to the Customs Union.
Now, sir, here is a sentiment which clearly
demonstrates that we are to look for no change in
the policy of those States. It contains the secret
of their negotiation with us. They require further
concessions from us. That we shall " accord other
advantages" for a reduction of their duties on to-
bacco. We have seen that those duties amount
to about 100 per cent, upon the value of our pro-
duction, and that the duties levied by this Govern-
ment upon the imported productions of those States
do not exceed 30 per cent.*, and yet,forsooth, they
ask that other advantages shall be offered to them
for a small diminution of their excessive exactions
upon the only article which they import from this
country, which can in any manner compete with
their productions. This is the "reciprocity which
is accorded" to us, and we have borne it, and ne-
gotiated, or attempted to negotiate, with the hope
of effecting something like reciprocity, but in vain.
They would expect us to reduce our import du-
ties, which, in comparison to theirs, are but nom-
inal on these productions, before they would reduce
theirs in any way upon the tobacco imported from
this country. This is the free-trade system which
Europe offers for our adoption.
Thus may we judge of the course of policy
which is likely to be continued towards us; and
the Governments of Europe will not part with this
fruitful source of revenue as lo?)g as they are per-
mitted to retain it; and it becomes a question of
grave import by what means they can be brought
to change that policy, and to remove the restric-
tions which bear so heavily upon one of the prin-
! cipal productions of the country. The time may
j have passed when it was most probable that our
1 demands would have been listened to, and this
production placed upon the basis of reciprocal ex-
change. But it is never too late to seek what is
right, and to act in a spirit of candor with that be-
coming firmness which the justice of the demand
will sanction, that the principle of reciprocity
should be extended to this article of commerce. >
Now, sir, there are two modes of commercial
arrangement: the one by negotiation, the other a
resort to discriminating or countervailing duties.
The first has been tried, and has proved unavail-
ing. The only remedy is a resoit to such coun-
tervailing duties upon the productions of those
countries, where our tobacco is burdened with
onerous duties and restrictions, as will induce those
Governments to open their ports upon more favor-
j able terms, or to treat with us so as to produce a
system of exchange of productions upon terms
more nearly approaching to reciprocity. It is not
without precedent in this Government, and we
cannot now expect to break down the tobacco
monopolies, or to procure any diminution of the
duties and restrictions of those Governments by
negotiation alone.
Discriminatbig duties.
As early as 1789, (August 5th,) a report was
made in the Senate recommending discriminating
duties on tonnage; and in 1791, Mr. Jefferson, the
Secretary of State, in an able report giving the
history of the fisheries, and the trade in oil, recom-
mends retaliatory duties upon foreign oils, and
says, "If there be anything: unfriendly in this, it
was in the first example." In 1793, in a report
\\ made to Congress by Mr, Jefferson, Secretary of
I State, upon the commercial intercourse of the
United States with foreign nations, and measures
necessary to be adopted, he uses this language:
The following principles, being founded in reciprocity,
appear perfectly just, and to offer no cause of complaint to
any section. 1st. Where a nation imposes high duties on
our productions, or prohibits them aliogethei, it may be
proper for us to do the same by them, first burdening or ex-
cluding those productions u Inch they brine here in com-
petition with our own of the same kind ; selecting next such
manufactures as wc take from them m greatest quantity,
See.
In the same report, he further says:
"When oncc it shall be perceived that we are either in
