1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Additional General Officers—Mr. Newton.
Ho. of Reps.
which a fair price for its production afforded him.
Nothing, we have seen, has been accomplished
by negotiation, and nothing I fear will be, and
we need no longer suffer ourselves to be flattered
by the delusive hope, or indulge expectations
which are never to be realised. But, sir, we will
not lose sight of our rights; we will not forget that
this interest is as much entitled to the protection
of the Government as any other; and as long as I
have the honor of representing that interest on this
floor, f shall, on all proper occasions, press the sub-
ject on the attention of the Government, and claim
the protection to this interest which has been ex-
tended to others.
The day is not distant, sir, when the whole tariff
and commercial policy of the world will undergo
a change. A revolution in the international com-
mercial regulations of the world must and will take
place before many years shall have elapsed, and
then will be the time for this interest, long neg-
lected and oppressed, to be placed in the commer-
cial system, which must be established upon
grounds of reciprocal advantage. It will only re-
quire concert of action upon the part of those rep-
resenting the tobacco interest in the different States,
and a firmness of purpose to insist upon adequate
protection, and we shall obtain it. It is the fault
of our Government that those enormous exaciions
and revenues are levied upon the productions of
the tobacco planter; and more than one opportu-
nity has been suffered to pass, without resorting
to such remedy as would have secured a due re-
spect to this interest, and placed it upon terms of
reciprocity. It might have been done in 1833,
when the tariff policy of the Government under-
went ari entire change; and so, likewise, in 1842,
when protection was extended to several of the
great interests of the country, no one of them equal
to this, or so much needing the protection of the
Government. But, sir, as 1 have before remarked,
another occasion is likely again to occur. The
commercial system of England, and of continental
Europe interwoven with it, and dependent upon
it, must be reconstructed. The march of improve-
ment in this country, the advance of the arts, the
perfection m machinery, the labor-saving and
bread-producing process which is so rapidly ad-
vancing, will force the governments of Europe
into a new policy, and then may we demand that j
they shall support their governments upon other i
revenues than those which are levied upon the
labor of the tobacco planter.
ADDITIONAL GENERAL OFFICERS.
SPEECH OF MR. T. W. NEWTON,
OF ARKANSAS,
Ix the House of Representatives,
February 26, 1847.
The bill from the Senate making provision for an
additional number of General Officers, and for
other purposes, to carry on the war in Mexico,
and the amendments reported by the Military
Committee of the House, being under considera-
tion, in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union—
Mr. NEWTON addressed the committee as
follow s:
Mr. Chairman: I came here as the Representa-
tive of the people of Arkansas upon this tioor,
professin" to be, what 1 truly am, in principle and
fueling, and as I have e\er been in practice, a
Willi;; but, knowing the sentiments of my con-
stiinenis, I came, with the promise to them and a
ui'UTUnnaiion upnn my ovvn part, to discharge the
duty of representing them with the utmost fidelity,
contrnt that my recorded votes should be the ta-
lent, hut permanent and lasting, witnesses of my
futhfuln^ss. I should not have arisen at this late
hour of the session to mingle in a debate upon
which 1 have no hope of shedding any new light, if
It were not that my silence, under the peculiar cir-
cumstances m which I am placed, might be con-
strued into timidity on the one hand, or subject me
to misconstruction"on Ihe other. It, is fftie to candor
that 1 should say, sir, that a large majority of my
constituents are Democrats, by whose permission
and acquiescence I am here: yet I am identified,
in feeling and in principle, with as gallant a band
of Whigs as exist in any other State, who have
been battling, for many long years, for what we
consider " the right," unterrified by power, and
unsubdued in spirit by frequent defeats; and I do
not choose to be placed before that party in my
own State as recreant to my duty in voting
against the Winthrop proviso. These remarks are !
called forth by the leading editorial of the Intelli- '
gencer of this morning, connected with the speech ;
of my honorable friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. j
Winthrop,] and the yeas and nmjs taken on the j
proviso offered by him to the Hill making appro-
priations of money for defraying the expenses of
our forces engaged in the present war with Mex-
ico. The remarks of the editor are as follows:
" But did not the Government gazette note, among the
'signs of the tunes,' on the very day when its comments
were penned, the vote in the House of Representatives upon
the motion m eiicct to restrain the President fioiu any pros-
ecution of this war with Mcxieo v.il.ii a view to the acqui-
sition of territory to form new States of, or for the dismem-
berment m any way of the republic of Mexico? On that
day tins proposition, by way 01 proviso to die army appro- :
priation bill, received the votes of seventy-six good men and |
true, not onH-haif ot whom probably would, at the beginning
of this session, have though tit expedient-o to vote. Whence ,
this change? Whence tins unanimity of Whi^s and Native
Americans m favor of this proposition r Because the propo-
sition involves a iireat American Whig principle, and because
t'lis great principle it is now understood to be the policy of
this Administration to disregard and trample under foot, if
the smews 01" wai only be placed in his hands to the extent
demanded."
And this is an extract from the speech of Mr. !
Winthrop, in the same paper: i
" The Congress of the United States to-day has some con-
trol over the Executive in relation to tins war. To-day
discussion in regard to its ends and objects, its conduct and i
its conclusion, is something more than cwiptv breath. To- I
day the representatives of the peopie have the reins in their !
own hands. But pa^ thu  biJI—pass it without proviso or !
limitation, and to-morrow the President is out of our reach, j
We have given hnn a carte blanche. We have given Inm a j
charter wide as the wind. We have surrendered tiie puise ■
to the same hand^s which already hold the sword,&c.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Winthrop is .
this: ' . .
'■Provided, further, That these appropriations are made || our Government to have a permanent hold upon a
witn no view of sanctioning any p'osecution of the existing 11 pa**t of California. anu xscw Mexico; aim i CIO not
war with Mexico tor tiie acquisition of territory to lonn new ' j apprehend the great danger to the permanency of
States to he added to tne Union, 01 lor trie ai^membeiment ! our Union, by the addition of a few more slave
i States, which seems to haunt tlie imagination of cer-
1 tarn gentlemen whenever this subject is bioached.
i i voted, sir, against the VTilmot proviso, and
| afjainsl the Winthro]) proviso* because all my eon-
! stituents desire the war to be so conducted as that
Collin, Constable. Crozier, CuJIom, Cummms, Cunningham.
Dargan, Darragh, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dockery,
Douglass, Droingoole, Dunlap, EdsaJJ, Ellen, Ellsworth,
John H. Ewing, Faran, Picklin, Foster, Fries, Garvin,Gen-
try, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Graham, Grider, Grovev, Ham-
lin, Harmanson, Hastings, Heniey, Hilliard, Hoge, Isaac E.
Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, John W. Houston, George S.
Houston, Edmund W. Ilubard, Hungerford, James B. Hunt,
Hunter, Charles J, Xngersoll, Joseph R. Fnger.-iolJ, Jenkins,
James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, G 
W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, Predion
King. Leake, LefHer, La Sere, Ligon, Long, Lumpkin,
McCiean, McClelland, McClernarid. MeCrale, McDamel,
Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, McHenry, McKay,
John P. M*rfm, Baikiey Martin, Moirix, Moulton, Newton,
Niven, Norris, Owen, Parnsh, Payne, Peir\, Plielps. Pills-
bury, Pollock, Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Robert/, Runk, Ru.-seii,
Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon, Alexander D. Sims,
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Statk-
weather, St. John, Strohm, Thompson, James Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatk, Towns, Tredway,
Trtimbo, Wentwoith, Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Woodruff,
Woodwaid, Young, and Yo^t—152.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashmun, Cranston, Delano. Foot,
Giddings, GrinneJl, Hale, Henry, Hudson, Daniel P. King,
Lewis, McGaughf-y, Mcllvame, Marsh, Moselev, Ripley,
Julius Rockwell, Root, Schenck, Severance, Truman Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, B. Thompson, Tilden, Vance, Vinton, and
Winthrop—28.
Now, sir, I do not understand or recognise it to
be a settled doctrine of the Whig party that we
must never obtain any territory from Mexico as
! the result of this war. It is not the sentiment held,
by the people 1 have the honor to represent.
While they do not desire the war now going on
to be waged as a war of conquest, or exclusively
with a view to the acquisition of more territory,
yet, if it shall become necessary, in making-a treaty
of peace with Mexico, to secure the ultimate pay-
ment of the just claims of our citizens upon her,
and to indemnify'us for the war, they see no valid
objections to it. For my own part, I believe it
would be unwise and impolitic in our Govern-
menttoadd any more to our temtorial limits. We
have already room enough, and to spare, for our
growing population. Still, circumstances may
arise, in the progressof eventsnowfasttranspiring,
which would render if expedient and proper for
m any way of the republic ut'Mexico."
The question on agreeing thereto was taken by
yeas and nays, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Mrw-rs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashmun, Barringer, Bell,
Blanchard, Milton Brown, Buffingron, William Camp-
hell, Carroll, John G. Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Cran&ton, !|
Crozier, Darragh, Delano, Dixon, Dockery, John H Ewin*, ;J
Edwin FI Ewmg, Foot, Gentry, Gnldings, Giaharri, Guder, , |
Grinnell, Hale, Hampton, Harper, Henry, Hilhard, Ehas B.
Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, !j
Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Daniel P King, H
Thomas B Kuijr. Lewis, McGang'ie^. MeHonrv, Mellvaine, ;f
Marsh, Milhr, Mo^eley, Pendleton, Pollock, Ramse\\ Rip- I1
ley, Jul:u> Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenck, j |
Seaman. Severance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, Stephen?, Strohm, Thdiodaux, Thorna-son, !j
Benjamin Thompson, Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance, ''
Vinton, White, Winthrop, Woodruti, Wright, and Young 'i
—~o. j{
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bedinger,
Benton, Rig2>, James Black, James A. Black, Bowdon, |
Bowhn, Boyd/Bimkerhoft, Brockenbrou h, Biodhend, W' •;
G. Brown, Burt, Cathoarr, Augustus A. Chapman, Rjub'-n
Chapman. Chase, Chipman. Clarke. Cobb. Collin, Coitreli, !j
Cullom. Cummin*.Cunnniiihani.De Mott, Didhigham, Dob-
it shall be terminated speedily, and in a manner
honorable to the United States. And to this end,
they are willing fo vofe all the men and money
necessary to its successful prosecution; and I see
no utility in trammelling the bills which are intro-
duced for this object with questions calculated to
excite the passions and produce divisions in this
House, and which, from their natureand tendency,
must arouse the jealousies, and array one section
of our Union against another, without the possi-
bility of any good result—questions, sir, of mo-
mentous impoit, but which u will be time enough
to discuss when an absolute necessity for their
settlement shall arise. li Sufficient unto the day
is the evil thereof."
, , p. , -r  i i?i .li en m-emi " " As to the " partisan warfare on this floor." to
bin, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap. Etball, Et!eH, Eihuoi th, . i . ' - Tr. r,T ^
Erdman, Faran, Ficklin, Foster, Fries. Gamn. G:le&. Goo.l- j! whlCtl the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. 1 RED-
yar.Gordon,Grover,Tlandm.Haimaiv-on. Hastnigs.Henlev, i| way] alludes, (if any is groins: on, though I have
seen many things here that surprise me greatly,)
of thi^ I know nothing, and care nothing. My
line of duty is plain before me, and 1 intend to
pursue it regardless of consequences to myself
Ho2«- , Hopkins, Housh, George S. Houston. Edmund W. .j
■ Hubard, Hung-ifoid, James B. Ilunt, lluntci. Charle> J. i
! Inaer-'oll, Jenkins. James FT Tohn-on. Joseph Johnson. An- ,'
■ drew Johnson. George W. Jones, Seaborn Jone<, Kaufman. . j
Kennedy, Preston King, Lawrence, Jjeake, Leliler, La Sere, 1 j
Ligo'i, Lomr. Lumpkin, Mnclav, McCloan. McClelland, ;
McCle'rnand. McCiate, McDarml. Joseph J. McDowell, ,1
James McDow<II. M'-Ka\, John P.Martin, Birklcx Maitm, ']
Morns, Monlton, Nev\ton. Niven. Morris, Owui, Painsh. .j
Pa} ne, Peny, Phelpf. Piii4 uiy, Ueid, ttctle. Rifter. Rob.'its, j
Russell, Sawtelle. Saw\er, Scammon. Seddon, Alexander;!
D. Sims, Sim} --on, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, ,j
Starkweather. St. John. Jam"> Thompson. Jacob Thomp-
M)n, Thuimaii, Tibbnit^ Towns. Tredwav, Wentwoith, '[
Wick, Williams, Wihnot, Woodwatd. and Vost—124. '|
"personally. Whatever may be my feelings
regard to the wai now existing with Mexico, or
the manner in which it was hrought about, my
constituents do not look upon it either us unjust
or unconstitutional, as it has often been denomi-
nated in this Congress. They consider their Gov-
ernment as prossfteiu.ng and defending the rights
of Amoncan citizens; it may be against a weak
So the amendment was not agreed to.
:i Power, but a Power that has dared to invade and
From this, it wiU be seen that I voted, with one ij trample on the soil of this Union, as they believe,
other Whi£r, in the negative. On the final passage I trust that, in order to be an orthodox Whig, it
of the hill,"without this proviso, the yeas and nays is not necessary that we should look upon the war
were also taken, yeas 152, nays *28\ embracing in j now waging, and so proclaim \t to the world, as
the affirmative nearly the whole Whig phalanx: \ unholy, as well as unconstitutional. If I looked
YE \S—Messrs. Atkinson, Barring'^, Ba\h\ Bedmger, f upon it in.that light, sir, I could net er give my vote
Belt, Benton, Burgs, J Bliok, Ja-u^A B'.ack. niamdmrd, !; for prosecting ita day longer. But, believing that
Bowdon. Bowhn, B« \d^Brtnkerhofr. BrockeninouySi, Brod- i lt 13 wa^od in defence of our sod, to avenge the
head, MtUo>i Brown, William G. Biown, Kartinixton; tturt, ^ j3|00!j our murdered citizens, and to maintain
Joim H. Camnbell.Canoll, Cathcart, Augustus A. Cnapman, i , .
Reuben Chapmauj Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, d the dignity and uphold the rights of the people ot
