1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Restriction of Slavery—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
thorizes, and the friends pf this measure knowing
that constitutional scruples were entertained by
some 011 this side of the Chamber, not one of them
has yet attempted to put his finger upon the provi-
sion of tlie Constitution which authorizes it. If such
a power existed in the Constitution, surely it could
not be difficult to point it out. But no oneventured
to make such an attempt. The inference was irre-
sistible. It had been said, to be sure, that some
thirty years ago Congress made a similar appro-
priation for the benefit of the sufferers by an earth-
quake at Caraccas. That was true; but could a
single isolated case like that affect the Constitu-
tion? A long and uninterrupted course of legisla-
tion in a matter once of doubtful authority, may
often be regarded as a practical construction of the
Constitution, adopted and sanctioned by the peo-
ple, who were above the Constitution—especially
where the early legislation was nearly cotempora-
neous with the adoption of that sacred instrument.
But suiely no such authority could be invoked for
a single bad precedent. Ithad also been said that
this measure was no more liable to constitutional
objections than the resolution which he had the
honor to introduce, authorizing the use of a public
ship for the mere transportation of provisions to
Ireland. He thought there was a manifest dis-
tinction. One involved a transfer of property, the
other did not. One passed the title, the other per-
mitted the use. Congress had no power to give
away the money or property of the people, to be-
stow it gratuitously for any purpose, however phi-
lanthropic or commendable. The mere use of a
ship involved no such power. A navy was pro-
vided for—or rather its existence was recognised—
by the Constitution, but not the mode of using it.
That may be regulated by law. Such a use of a
public ship as he had proposed, required no greater
stretch of power, as he had said the other day,
than it would to permit any charitable or literary
society to hold a meeting in this Hall. The pub-
lic money had been, for a series of years, deposited
in banks, and the banks permitted to use it. This
iTiig-ht have been inexpedient and injudicious, but
who ever heard its constitutionality questioned?
To his mind the distinction was palpable, and so
long as he entertained ihe views he then did, he
could not vote for such a measure as that now pro-
posed, however anxious he was to see ample relief
extended to their suffering brethren across the
ocean. The conclusions to which he had come,
adversely to this bill, were strengthened by a ref-
erence to the present condition of the treasury, and
the extraordinary demands that will be made upon
it in consequence of the war. We were not in a
condition to make such a gratuity, even if there
were no constitutional impediments in the way;
and, for one, he could not but regard the passage
of the bill not only as clearly unconstitutional, but,
under the circumstances, eminently unwise and
indiscreet. Nor was it one of the least alarming
signs of the times, when rigid constructionists and
latitudinarians, Whigs and Democrats—when all
shades of politics were seen combining to carry a
favorite measuie in the face, not merely of strong
expediency, but of all constitutional restraints.
God grant that its repetition may be as far removed
from this, as this was from the appropriation for
Caraccas.
RESTRICTION OF SLAVERY.
SPEECH OF MR. DAYTON,
OF NEW JERSEY,
In the Senate, March 1, 1847.
TheBill appropriating Three Millions of Dollars to
secure a peace with Mexico being under consid-
eration— ,
Mr. DAYTON rose and addressed the Senate as
follows:
Mr. President: The speech of the Senator from
New York, (Mr. Dix,] in favor of a clause restrict-
ive of slavery in any territories to be acquired
from Mexico, has, as it soems, raised quite a
storm. Sir, J propose, without much regard to
this state of things, to hazard some remarks upon
the same subject. I shall, at all times, I trust,
'reat our southern friends with a becoming cour-
esy and respect, but 1 shall never "bate an inch"
of my legitimate right of free discussion. Whether
it shall be my fortune further to excite or allay this
storm, I know not; but I shall proceed in the exam-
ination of the question calmly but firmly, uncon-
trolled in my remarks by anything save a proper
self-respeet and a deep sense of official duty.
Mr. SEVIER. I would suggest to the Senator
! from New Jersey, that he defer his remarks until
I the question shall come more directly up, on the
I proviso.
| Mr. DAYTON. The whole question has been
] discussed on the bill as it now is. The Senator
; from New York has set the example, and at this
; hour of the night, I am not disposed to defer my
; observations to an hour still later. The Senators
j from South Carolina [Mr. Bdtler] and from
; Georgia [Mr. Colquitt] would seem to have been
j surprised by the introduction of this question.
- Why, Mr. President, how so? There is a bill
; passed by the House of Representatives now on
; your table containing this proviso. There are reso-
I lutions from the Legislatures of at least eight sover-
j eign States now on your table, asking, in sub-
! stance, the incorporation of this proviso. The
j resolutions of the State of New Jersey, which I
i hold in my hand, are as follows:
! c( 1. Resolved by the Senate and General Jlssembly of the
State of New Jersey, That the Senator* and Representatives
in Congress from this State be requested to use their best
efforts, to secure, as a fundamental condition to or provision
, in any art of annexation of any territory hereafter to be ac-
quired by the United States as an indemnity for claims, or
otherwise obtained, that shivery or involuntary servitude,
| except as a punishment for crimcs, shall be forever exelu-
i ded from the territory to be annexed.
I " 2. Resoked, That the Governor be requested to trans-
j mil a copy of the above resolution to each of our Senators
| and Representatives in Congress.
j "Approved, February 16.1847." ij
! The support of the above resolution is entitled
' to, and it shall receive, (in despite of denunciation,) ,
my best efforts to secure the object proposed by it. M
' I contend, sir i'
' 1. That Congress has the right to impose such j;
restriction. ;|
! 2. That it is its duty to do so, and to ^declare its
intention now. j;
The territories of the United States are its prop-
erty, and over this property Congress, and Con- '
' gress alone, has anexclusi\e jurisdiction. For no
; purpose known to the law, is it within the control '
of any other power. If a social or political evil is j,
to be remedied, it must be by Congress, or the ter- ;j
j1 ritorial legislature as the delegate of its authority. T
Over the people and over the soil of our territories, ;!
i; the jurisdiction of the Federal Government is su-
i< preme and absolute. Now, sir, whether this Gov- ;
ij ernment is to be held as national, with a Constitu- i
|: tion reaching to individuals, and operating upon ;
j! the people as one great whole, or whether it is to i
be held a mere compact between sovereign States, ]
i, is immaterial for the purposes of this argument. s
In either event, it is a Government, and, as such, :
possesses all such ordinary rights and powers as
grow out of governmental supremacy. If) the ne- j
ccssity of things, that power which has the exclu- j
sive jurisdiction of the soil and the citizen, must,
without express grant, have the usual implied ]
powers incident to government. To contend that 1
one kind of government, as for instance a State,
has power to abolish slavery within its territories,
in virtue of, and as an incident to its sovereignty,
while the Federal Government has no such power
over its territories, is to leave an incongruous and
inexplicable hiatus in the government of the people
of the latter, uncalled for by sound reason, and
unsustained by any precedent in the history of na-
tions. Were I satisfying my own judgment mere-
ly, I would stop here, and say to the adversary,
" the burden is upon you: show in the organic
law of our Government, something which restricts
the exercise of this common right of sovereignty."
But it is not necessary to stop here. The old
Articles of Confederation contained a provision,
that the powers of Congress be restrained to such
as were expressly granted. This, of itself, would
have destroyed the entire working value of that
instrument. ' It was about as wise as would be the
enactment of a statute book with no common law
to support it; or a creation of the skeleton of a man
without the musclcs, nerves, and vital powers ne-
cessary to its motion. The Constitution not only
left out this provision, but*, as a matter of abundant
caution, put the converse of it in. It authorized
Congress, by express provision, to make all laws
which shall be necessary to carry into execution
the powers thereby vested. If I were right, there-
fore, that under the Constitution, Congress alone
has all the ordinary powers of government in re-
ference to the territories of the United States, it
has, by express grant, the right to pass such laws
as may be necessary to carry those powers into
effect. But the Constitution did not stop even here;
it gave, by another express provision, power to
Congress " to dispose of and make all needful rules
and regulations respecting the territory or other
property belonging to the United States." The sa-
ving of the claims of the United States, as well as of
any particular State, which follows, applies mani-
festly to property claims, and not to any claims of
political supremacy. Itseems to me, therefore, that
the power to regulate or restrict slavery in our ter-
ritories, is in theFederal Government, not only as an
incident to its legislative supremacy, but it is there
by express grant.
Now, sir, how is this controverted ? It is alleged
by the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
houn,] first, that there is an implied restriction on
the power of this Government in reference to sla-
very; that this restriction is to be gathered from the
entire spirit of the Constitution, and the equality
of rights which each has in the territories of the
United States. This, I can only say, is but a
loose, unreliable basis for such an argument.
The Constitution has not, in words, made such
restriction, nor has it said anything like it. Nor
is there anything, in my judgment, from which it
can be fairly argued that such restriction is impli-
ed; and least of all, as it seems to me, are those
whose political creed is strict construction, justified
in holding to the existence of such implied restric-
tion.
But in the second place, it is contended—indeed
we have it before us in the solemn form of resolu-
tions from the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Calhoun]—that any action of Congress which
shall prevent the citizens of a southern State emi-
grating to a new Territory or State with their slave
property, is an unconstitutional discrimination
against such southern State ! Sir, this seems to me
a most extraordinary proposition; yet it is pro-
claimed in speeches, it is the staple of the South
' Carolina resolutions on your table, and has had the
, endorsement, I believe, of the Virginia, and per-
I hops other Legislatures. It has been repeated so
: often, that its advocates seem to think that it must
! at some time have been proved ! I would like to
I see (as matter of curiosity only) that argument
which could sustain it. No man sustains a proposi-
tion, in my judgment, by simply working himself
into a white heat when its truth is denied. Let us
examine this proposition.
A citizen of a State owns a particular kind of
propei ty, the use of which is justified where he
lives, but is denied by the action of Congress in
the Territory or State" to which he desires to re-
move, and that is supposed to be unconstitutional.
Why, sir, in the State of New Jersey, a dollar bill
will "buy a dollar's worth, and so of a thousand
such. They are good for their face—the law re-
cognises them as property, and justifies their use
m all the transactions and business of life. Now,
sir, it so happens, or may happen, that m the State
of Missouri, a dollar bill is not in use; that the
passage or use of such a bill within her borders is
against the law—she subjects the act to penalties
arid forfeitures. Under these circumstances, the
; Federal Government, or its agent, the Territorial
: Legislature, passes a law which says, that no dol-
lar bill shall pass in her territories; or, to make it
fact instead of supposition, that no paper money
shall be received there in payment for public lands.
' Now, sir, my property, which is good property in
New Jersey, is utterly worthless, so far as that
Territory is concerned. I must part with it just
' asa southern man must part with his sUa es, befoie
I go there; and yet, will any man say that it is an
unjust discrimination against my State Well, sir,
let us try the question with another species of
property, which I take only because it is a real
and not a fancy case. The State of New Jeisey
holds all o-aming establishments ill abhorrence.
The use ofall that kind of property is strictly for-
bidden to her citizens. Now, it so happens, that
another State or States, allows that for certain con-
; siderations, and under certain regulations, these
I establishments shall be licensed within its borders.
