432
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
29th Gong 2d Sess.
Restriction of Slavery—-Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
Her citizens inVest considerable amounts of money
in that kind of property. Now, sir, under these
circumstances, Congress, or the Territorial Legis-
lature as its agent, thinks proper to restrict the use
of all such property within its borders. This de-
stroys at once the entire value of the contents,
peculiar fixtures, and appurtenances of a gaming
liouse, so far as that Territory is concerned; but
will any one contend that it is an unjust or uncon-
stitutional discrimination against the property or
the rights of the citizens of that State where these
things are tolerated ? Now, sir, in what consists
the difference in principle? It is not enough to
say that the value of property is great in one case,
and comparatively small in another. If the prin-
ciple be sound, it will cover both.
Sir, these illustrations might be carried to an
indefinite extent. Whenever particular States may
give any peculiar rights of property, say in the
services of apprentices, or anything else, if you
please, or may regulate those rights in a particular
way, and Congress shall adopt the system of
another State, or regulate those rights in another
way, in its Territories, it will become an unjust
discrimination against that State whose system it
has repudiated !
But, Mr. President, the same course of reason •
ing which would characterize this exclusion of
slave property as an unconstitutional discrimina-
tion against those States where it is held, would
make any restriction upon their political rights
liable to the same objection. South Carolina, for
instance, gives certain rights under certain circum-
stances; Massachusetts withholds the same rights
under like circumstances; the United States, legis-
lating for its territories, adopts the Massachusetts
rule—denies these rights to the citizens of South
Carolina emigrating to its territories—is that an
unjust or unconstitutional discrimination against
the latter State? Sir, this course of reasoning fol-
lowed out, would make the rules of property and
all municipal government, uniform throughout the
Territories and the new States. There can be
nothing in it. The States now in the Union, and
those which may hereafter be admitted to the
Union, are and will be on an equal footing; but
that equality is an equality springing from the en-
joyment of one general political system; it has
nothing to do with mere rules for the regulation or
exclusion of property from either States or Terri-
tories. When the citizens of the several States
reach the territory, they are all there on the same
footing. Each may, perhaps, have to exchange
or dispose of certain parts of his property before
ho goes there.
But it is argued by the Senator in the same
spirit, that as the only constitutional requisite, when
a State applies for admission to the Union, is that
it shall have a republican form of government, it
follows that the exaction of any other condition
is unconstitutional. But is Congress bound to
admit e\ery State which applies, because she has
a icpublican form of government? May we not
refuse admission if the State constitution conflicts
with that of the United States ? Or if the new State
assume boundaries which we are unwilling to
recognise? Have we not, from the beginning,
enforced conditions on the new States as prelimi-
nary to their admission ? Have they not all first '
yielded up a portion of their sovereign rights' :
not the States north of the Ohio, formed under the !
ordinance of 1787 only, Hut all others, from the 1
beginning down to the very last Territorial bill, I
that of Mmesota, now on your table? The con- !
ditions, among others, aie, that they shall impose j
no tax on the lands of the United States; that they '
shall impose 110 tax on such lands for five vears |
aft01 their sale; that they shall never tax the lands
of niw-residents higher than the lands of residents. 1
Sir, there is no such restriction as this on the legis- '
lation of the old States. The power of uncontroll- !
ed taxation is of the very essence of sovereignty, i
And yet even in this most delicate point, from the j
very foundation of the Government to the present '
hour Congress has exacted this condition, and :
then, in the very language of the acts, admitted j
these States " upon the same footing with the I
original States, m all respects whatever.'*' Sir, !
the doctrine of the Senator from South Carolina ;
wo'lld convict all these Congresses of a public |
legislative talsehood. If we impose terms, they I
are not, he says, admitted on an equal footing '
with the original States; that the Constitution re-
cognises no terms, no conditions.
If one of the States should buy up twenty miles
square in the heart of the Territory of Wisconsin;
should then open its prison doors, and convert the
heart of that Territory into a Botany Bay, for its
disgorged felons, it will not be denied that Con-
gress has power to stay the evil. It may say, this
will be a leprous spot; it will spread contamination
all around and about it; it will destroy the value
of other lands; it will stunt and dwarf the growth
of the Territory. And if Congress can say this,
or do this, why can it not say and do the same
thing in regard to the introduction of slavery into
its Territories ? I do not mean to say that there is
the slightest likeness, in a moral point of view,
between the two classes. I contend, only, that the
right of interference grows out of the same princi-
ples and the same powers.
I hold, therefore, that on every just view of this
question, Congress has the constitutional right to
impose this restriction on its Territories, and as a
preliminary to their admission to the Union, on the
States. But, if doubt still exists, let us look to the
precedents.
At the close of the Revolution, the public lands,
won from a common enemy, by a common effort,
became the common property of the country. It
was no gratuity (as some gentlemen seem to argue)
when Virginia and the other States, from a sense of
right, transferred these lands to the United States
for the common benefit of all.
The cession by Virginia of all that country north
of the Ohio, was upon the express condition, how-
ever, that at a proper time the States to be formed
there, should come into the Union " on an equal
footing" with the original States. This cession
was, I believe, in 1786, during the Confederation.
In the following year, the old Congress, sitting
under the Confedeiation, passed the famous ordi-
nance of 1787, by the sixth article of which slavery
was to be forever shut out from all that country
then known as the Northwest Territory. This
ordinance was passed with the assent of the entire
South. No man thought then they had no right to
pass it. The convention for the formation of the
present Constitution was then in session; and the
ordinance excluding slavery north of the Ohio,
tended finally to settle the much-controverted ques-
tion of slave representation in that convention.
The free States then thought they saw the full ex-
tent of what they conceded. They thought they
had the entire country over which slaves could
spread, before them! The very first Congress
after the adoption of the Constitution, and many
of the members of which were in the convention
which made it, passed unanimously a supplement
to this ordinance of 1787, and passed it expressly j
for the purpose of carrying that ordinance, exclu- I
ding slavery from the Northwest Territory, into i
effect. These fathers of the Constitution, the men j
who made it, southern men, never at that day
dreamed of any want of constitutional power. For [
sixty years that ordinance had been acted upon by I
the entire country. In 1802, Ohio came into the ;
Union, subject to its anti-slavery restriction. In i
1816, Indiana was admitted; in 1818, Illinois; in !
1837, Michigan: all with the assent of the South; :
all subject to the same restrictions of the same !
ordinance; and yet, in the language of the several ]
acts of admission, " on an equal footing with the
original States in all respects whatever.'' Sir,
America has blessed the wisdom and the policy of
that ordinance. Its beneficent and glorious results
have no parallel in the history of nations. And
yet a precedent like this, coeval with the Constitu-
tion, sanctioned by time, consecrated by results,
is all to pass for naught! When, sir, will this
debating people hold a question at an end ? Are we
forever to go round and round m one everlasting
circle of disputation ?
The settlement of the Missouri question is
another precedent for the exercise of this power of
restriction. Slavery, in all the then territories of
the United States, was thereafter to be kept south j
of the line of 36° 30'. The champion of this law, !
on the floor of the House of Representatives, was
)Vlr. Lowndes of South Carolina. It passed the
House by a vote of 134 to 42; but, really, by a
vote of 139 to 37; five, it not six of those who
voted against the bill, having done so by reason of
their unwillingness to relieve Missouri herself from
the restriction. And in the Senate, it passed by a
vote of 33 to 11.
Mr. CALHOUN. I beg to interrupt the Sena-
tor. In justice to Mr. Lowndes, I must say that
the Senator from New Jersey is mistaken—the
question had been settled long before, &c.
Mr. DAYTON. I suspect I am fresher, at least,
from an examination of that debate, than the Sen-
ator from South Carolina. I refer him to the 18th
volume of Niles's Register, page 29—a work of
acknowledged accuracy.
Mr. CALHOUN. It is a mistake.
Mr. DAYTON. Does the Senator mean to
deny that Mr. Lowndes voted for the bill ?
Mr. CALHOUN. Perhaps he did.
Mr. DAYTON. Sir, he not only voted for it,
but he seems to have led the debate in its favor.
He is reported to have "urged with great earnest-
ness the propriety of a decision which would re-
store tranquillity to the country; which was demand-
ed by every consideration of discretion, of moderation,
of wisdom and of virtue." [See National Intelligen-
cer, 4th March, 1820.]
Now, sir, southern men call this Missouri ques-
tion a compromise; but a compromise of what?
Sir, it was a compromise as tlf the question only
where the slave line should run; it was no com-
promise as to the principle, as to the right of Con-
gress to restrict slavery in its Territories. It admit-
ted that, in its most solemn form.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask the Senator whether he
is ready to stand by that compromise? Will he
stand by it? Let him answer that.
Mr. DAYTON. Sir, all in time—that is not now
the question, though I remark in passing, that such
compromise was as to territory then the property
of the United States; but I am speaking of the right
of the Government to impose this anti-slavery re-
striction on territories hereafter to be acquired.
That question you did not compromise; you com-
promised as to the whereabouts the slave line
should then run; you did not, you could not, com-
promise as to the meaning of the Constitution!
That was a question of power, ay or no.
' Sir, the power was conceded, acted upon. It
thus added another to that long line of precedents
originating in the ordinance of 1787. We have
then, for the rightful exercise of this power, both
precedents and principles.
Mr. President, I have no wish to disturb slavery
where it is, though I hold it a great social and politi-
cal evil. I know there are some here who seem to
think it one of God's blessings. The Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Bdtler] has told us, with
much warmth of manner, that the fathers of the
Constitution, the great men of the South, would
not have submitted to what has been said here.
Sir, the Senator forgets.
Mr. Jefferson was the first to condemn, and the
most prompt to suggest the abolition of, slavery.
Mr. Madison, in the Convention which framed
the Constitution, insisted that it was " wrong to
admit in the Constitution the idea that there could
be property in men"-—the utmost length of modern
abolitionism. Ay, sir, so sensitive were the great
men of that day, that they eschewed the name of
" slave;" no such word as " slave" or " shueiv"
can be found in the Constitution. Though used'in
their debates and in the original drafts of the Con-
stitution, though the precise and proper words to
express their meaning, they finally struck them
from the entire instrument, and conveyed the sense
of the Convention by other and roundabout forms
of expression. They embraced slaves m the clause
giving a slave representation under the terms,
" three-fifths of all other persons." In that clause
which prohibits Congress from imposing restric-
tions on their importation, prior to 1808, they are
embraced under the terms " such persons as any
of the States now existing shall think proper to
admit," &c. In that clause which provides for the
surrender of fugitive slaves, they are described as
" persons held to service or labor in one State
under the laws thereof," and escaping into an-
other.
Sir, no man can read the Constitution, in con-
nexion with the debates, without a conviction that
ourfathers intentionally discarded the word "slave"
as unfit for a place in the Constitution of a free
people. I allude to this in no offensive or unkind
spirit; and, whatever may be my views in refer-
ence to the institution, 1 repeat, I have no idea of
