1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*B0
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million BUI—Mr- Pearce.
New Series No. 28.
disturbing it where U now is; but where it is not, I
ask that this country shall not be charged with the
sm of placing it. 1 do not propose to examine the
subject of slavery as a State institution, much less
to probe the sore, if it be such. Sir, I have no
right to do so; though the body politic should fes-
ter, gangrene, die, if it will, yet our hands are tied.
Mr. President, I have, to rny knowledge, never
seen a genuine Jersey abolitionist; I am yet to
know the first man of my constituency who would
put one foot on the Constitution of his country,
that he might fix the other upon the conceded
rights of the South. No public man with us could
hold up his head for a day who should propose
such a crusade. But, is it not a very different
thing when it becomes a question as to the exten-
sion of slavery over territories now free—as to the
enlargement of that most unequal system of slave
representation
Sir, the late feeling, as indicated by the action of
different State Legislatures, against enlarging the
system, originates in the great and constant acces-
sion of slave territory. Since the adoption of the
Constitution, the relative strength of the South, as
use all know, has been vastly increased. Louisi-
ana, Florida, and Texas, in all their .immense ex-
tent, have been brought to swell the general area
of slavery! Ay, and all the time with five of their
slaves cancelling the votes of three of our freemen!
Was it not time, when a slaveholding President
had involved this country in war—when the ac-
knowledged object was the acquisition of further
territory—of territory now free—was it not time,
I say, for the States" to speak out? At# yet the
Senator from South Carolina calls this an " aggres-
sive policy" towards the South. Aggressive upon
what? We have not the territory; the South has
it not; we only ask, if it is to be acquired, that it
remain as it is—free. Sir, aggression consists in
attack—an effort to change, to violate an existing
state of things. It is the South which is the ag-
gressor—it is the South which seeks to change the
institutions of Mexican territory, which are now
free, to such as are slave.
If we have a right, under the Constitution, to
annex Texas, a slave country, as it is, have we not
a right to annex a free country as it is ? And may
we not, by legislative act, declare that we will do
it? Sir, it seems to me that nothing short of a
species of infatuation—a sort of fixed, blind adhe-
rence to one set of opinions, could induce a doubt of
the right.
If the right or power be admitted, a single ques-
tion remains: Is it not our duty to exercise it, and
to declare our intentions to do so now ?
If we would avoid future and blacker discord,
now, now is the time; before any personal interests
are involved, before any legal rights are vested,
while all is yet in the unpledged, untold future.
Sir, if this declaration be once made, it will control
the conduct of statesmen—it will regulate the votes
of Senators. If the declaration be now made, be-
fore God I believe it will, in its results,"end the war.
If nothing but free territory is to be acquired, de-
pend upon it, a southern President will scarcely
hold it worth the millions of money and the blood
it will cost to obtain it.
Soule,] whose character and position give so
much authority to what he has said on this sub-
ject. But my examination of it has led me to
conclusions so entirely opposite to those which he !
announced with all the confidence of undoubted '
certainty, that I am compelled to state the facts j
and reasoning by which I have been led to a differ- ;
ent result. It is not, indeed, of importance to the '
decision of the questions presented by this bill to
inquire what European Power first discovered and
colonized Texas—whether Spain had an actual or
constructive occupancy of it from the treaty of
1762, which ceded Louisiana to Spain, or whether
it was, in fact, and of right, a part of Louisiana.
It may be a more important question whether the i
province of Texas extended to the Rio Bravo, or '
was limited by the Nueces river. But it has been
so often said that our recent acquisition of Texas
was only a re-annexation of it to the United States,
only bringing back into the Union what had been
wrongfully divorced from it, that many honest
people in the country have come to believe that this
is an indisputable and acknowledged fact; and even
the President assumed it in his message to Con-
gress at the commencement of the present session, j
Sir, the Senator from Missouri, in a speech which |j
he delivered in the Senate in the summer of 1844, ji
gave us the key to this perpetual cry of re-annex- ii
ation. He said that Demosthenes once advised the 1
Athenians to re-take a certain city, and that in the j|
little monosyllable "re" lay all the virtue which jj
rescued the act from the imputation of spoliation jl
and robbery. I cannot permit this error to be li
repeated now, however honestly, without such jj
contradiction as I am able to give. In the reported ji
speech of the Senator from Louisiana I find the 11
following passages:
" These matters have, for three or four years past, oeeir j j
pied a considerable portion of public attention ; and yet. sir; !j
there are matters connected with the history of this province ! j
with which, perhaps, the people of the United State*, are ; I
not yet thoroughly acquainted. Texas was but during the
short space of thirty-eight years under the same dominion ij
as Mexico, and that penod was from 1762—the time of the
formation of the civil treaty of Versailles—up to J.=00. Be- ;j
fore that time, never did Spam presume that it had any title,
any shadow of right, to the territory of Texas. How did J
Texas stand then ? Whv, sir, as early as 1685, we tind the
bold and chivalrous La Salle planting the flaz of his country
on the west side of the Guadalupe, and takimr possession
of the whole territory upon the n ht and upon the left of
Matagorda Rav. Where was the last settlement of Mexico ,
at that tune.5 "it was upon the western side of the river h
Panuco, not ftir from San Luis Potosi, as far from the river I;
Guadaioupe as the Mississippi was from that river; anil, sir,  i
from that day up to 1800, never was a map known where 11
that province was not designated as a part of New France, 11
the whoie province extending to the southern side of tlfe jj
Rio Bravo del Norte." jj
THE THREE MILLION BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. PEARCE,
of maryland,
lie the Senate, •Mavch 1, 1847. i
On the bill placing three millions of dollars at the |
disposal of the President, to enable him to nego-
tiate a treaty of Peace and Limits with Mexico. ;
Mr. PEARCE said: It is with great reluctance !
that I rise to take part in this debate. Deeply im-
portant as the subject is, it has been discussed so
thoroughly, and so much at length, that I am quite ;
sensible o'f the difficulty of engaging the waning :
interest of the Senate. I do not mean, therefore, to
go at large into the subject, which, in general, may
be said to be exhausted. My chief purpose is a
special one, and will not consume much of the Sen-
ate's time. It is, to use a phrase employed by the
Senator from Missouri on another occasion, to
vindicate the truth of history. It may seem rash
in me, sir, to oppose my opinions and researches
to those of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
28
«In 1819, the treaty of Fioridatook place, and Spain was |
again put in possession, or, at least, m constructive posses- , j
sion, (for she never was in actual possession of an inch of u
the ground of that territoiv.) battle was again put into con- !j
structive possession of Texas." ;j
These statements of the Senator, I propose to 'j
controvert, with all courtesy to him, but with the II
confidence of earnest conviction. I say, then, sir,
that Spain first discovered Texas, and first colo- II
nized it; that she stamped the impress of her pow- ,,
er and her language on the province; that she gave ;
to the country itself a name from her own lan-
guage, as she did to its bays, riveis, ports, and j
towns; that Spain sent missions into Texas, erect- ,
ed forts, built towns, settled colonies, and occupied i
every spot in it which was known to civilization; I
that her troops traversed it in all directions, and
enforced her power over it against France, at all
times; that it was governed, at all times'prior to I,
the Mexican revolution, by Spanish Governors,
who, in various forms, and at different times, be-
fore 1762, made known to the French colonial ;
authority that it was considered a part of, or as
attached to, the Vice Royalty of Mexico. On the :•
other hand, I say that France never had any set- .
tlement in Texas, if we except the accidental and .
temporary establishment made by La Salie 111 lbv-o,
which totally disappeared in the next two years, ;
and was never renewed, nor attempted to be re-
newed, until thirty-five years afterwards, and then ,
the attempt was a signal and ridiculous failure. ;
France colonized no part of Texas, built no forts
there, established no missions, exercised no control
over the aboriginal Indians, nor performed any of ,
those acts of power or sovereignty necessary to
1 give validity even to a title which was rightful 111 (
i its inception.
It is true that France set up a claim to all Texas
as far as the Rio Bravo del Norte as part of Louisi-
ana, and that her writers and map-hrtakers-generally
asserted this claim. Bat it was a barren claim,
never matured and ripened into a right by those
acts which, according to the publicists, are neces-
sary to secure the fruits of discovery,' that is. to
say, settlement and cultivation, while-Spain tis con-
stantly, and far more vigorously, asserted and
maintained her title. Infinitely more aetrve;Rljd
vigorous was the claim which the Kings of Eng-
land, the Edwards and Henrys, pretended to the
sovereignty of France itself. For centuries they
styled themselves Kings of Great Britain, France,
and Ireland, and maintained this unjust pretension
by force of arms, by long and bloody wars of in-
vasion and conquest, until one of them was at .last
crowned at Paris. But history is challenged .for
the proof of any active or successful effort on the
part of France to give efficacy to her claim to
Texas. In the investigation of this subject, I shall
be compelled to refer to authorities to vindicate
the position which I have assumed, but I shall be
as brief as possible. I shall not rely upon partisan
writers, upon diplomatic advocates, or the ex parte
statements of mere politicians; I shall draw the
facts on which I place reliance from historians of
acknowledged authority—from such as were as
nearly as possible cotemporary with the events of
which they write—from such as may be supposed
to have leaned to the side of France and the United.
States—from Charlevoix, the Jesuit, who was ia
Louisiana while it was yet an infant settlement—
from the Count de Vergennes, the Minister of
Louis XVI.—from Barbe Marbois, who was a
Minister of Napoleon'—and from an illustrious citi-
zen of Louisiana, I mean the late Chief Justice of
that State, Francis Xavier Martin, who to distin-
guished juridical learning united the highest repu-
tation for public purity and historic impartiality.
Now, sir, what are the facte as we learn from these
sources? As early as 1538, Hernandez de Soto,
by the authority of Charles I. of Spain, landed at
what is now called Tampa Bay the largest military
force, perhaps, which had then been employed in
the subjugation of the Indians of North America—
nine hundred foot and three hundred and fifty
horse. With this force he traversed Florida, the
western parts of Georgia, Tennessee, and even
southern Kentucky. In 1539 he reached the left
bank of the Mississippi, a little below the last
Chickasaw Bluff, crossed the river, inarched up
and down its western bank, almost constantly in
conflict with the natives, and finally died at the
mouth of Red River. His successor, Muscoso,
in the hope of reaching Mexico by land, conducted
the shattered remnants of his army up the Red
River, through that part of the country called
Nachitoches and Nacogdoches, probably, says
Martin, into that part of the country now called
the Province of Texas. He proceeded until he
reached the foot of a mountainous country, when
he determined to retrace his steps. He accord-
ingly returned to the Mississippi, and passed the
winter and spring of 1542 at the mouth of Red
River, engaged 111 the construction of vessels to
convey his men to Mexico. In these vessels he
floated down the Mississippi, and coasted along
the shores of Louisiana and Texas, until he ui rived
at Panuco. Such was the original discovery of the
Mississippi and of Texas by subjects of Spain,
under the authority of the Crown. The rights
which this discovery gave to Spain were forfeited
by abandonment: and for nearly a century and a
half this whole region remained unknown to civi-
lization, and in the possession of those who had
the only good title to it, the aboriginal inhabitants.
In 1631, La Salle, crossing the land from the jakes
to the Illinois, rediscovered the Mississippi, and
descending it, traced it to its mouth, in the Grulf of
Mexico. Then he retraced his way to Canada.
In 1684, having procured the royal authority, and
advances from the King's treasury, he sailed from
France, with a squadron of four vessels, with the
purpose of founding a French colony on the banks
of the Mississippi. For two weeks aftet making
the shores of the Gulf of Mexico they sought m
vain for the mouth of the Great River. At last
1 they landed on the coast of Texas, 011 what is now
1 called St. Bernard's Bay. At the western ex-
I tremity of this bav La Salle built a fort, and soon
after he made another settlement some miles up
