APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[March 1,
29th Cong....2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Pearce.
&ion upon Mexico,1* for all the consequences of
which he is responsible. The Senator from Mis-
souri did not advise this movement. We have it
from his own Hps, that if he had been consulted,
he would not have advised it. And if the object
of the President had been, in good faith, nothing
xmre than to protect Texas from invasion, why
did he not select that central and desirable point
San Antonio, from which, in whatever di/ection
they might approach, an invading Mexican force
mi^ht have been met and repelled?
This did not suit a project of invasion, conquest,
and annexation—the piompt seizure of the eastern
bank of the Rio Grande. As early as November,
1845, the President knew from the letter of our
late consul at Matamoros, Mr. Marks, which was
communicated to the Department of State, and
which is admitted to be genuine, that if the Ameri-
can army did not move westward from its position
near the Nueces* the Mexican General, Arista,
would not cross the Rio Grande in force; and would
send only small detachments, as far as the Arroyo
Colorado, with the view of preventing Indian dep-
redations and illicit trade. Yet, with a full knowl-
edge of this, the march to the Rio Grande %xas
ordered, on the 13th January, 1846. Great com-
plaint is made of the refusal of Mexico to receive
our Minister Plenipotentiary, Mr. Slidell; and this
refusal is declared to have been in violation of her
plighted faith. Yet the published letters of the
Mexican Secretary of State show that this promise
was to receive a commissioner, who might come with
fullpotyers to settle the present dispute; and the refusal i
to receive Mr. Slidell was placed on the ground, ;
that instead of being such a commissioner ad hoc, he ■
was a minister plenipotentiary, with general, and -
therefore, different functions—an obvious and ex- '
traordinary blunder of our Government, if, indeed, |
it was not a part of their deliberate plans. Before [
-the President could have known the final refusal j
of the Mexican Government to receive. Mr. Slidell,
were wanting that this is a Presidential war of
conquest, we may find it in the plan of its prose-
cution. No sooner was the war recognised by
Congress, than despatches were forwarded to the
officer commanding our naval forces in the Pacific,
directing something more than a vigorous prose-
cution of hostilities, and contemplating the con-
quest and permanent possession by the United
States of California at least. Commodore Sloat
was told, on the 12th July, 1845, that£t this would
bring with it the necessity of a civil administra-
tion," and " that it may be proper to require an
oath of allegiance from those who are intrusted
with authority." At the same time a sort of ro-
ving commission is given to acitizenof New York,
who is told to inlist a regiment to serve somewhere
on the Pacific coast, and to be prepared to settle in
whatever country they may find themselves at the
close of the war. General Kearny, too, is direct-
ed to march with a large force, from Fort Leaven-
worth on the Missouri, seven or eight hundred
miles across the praiiies, on the route of the tra-
ding caravans, to Santa Fe, to conquer New Mexi-
co, and then press forward to California. This
was all very well, if our object was to conquer '
provinces and dismember Mexico; but it was not •
the prompt and obvious method of conquering a '
peace. Mexico might be annoyed by thus lop- ;
ping off these remote branches of her empire, so j
far from the central seats of her population and !
:j power; but a speedy peace could and can be at- '
i j tained, if at all, only by striking vigorously at the ,
ji heart of the country. j
;! That the object of the war was conquest I infer,
| too, from the extravagant demands of indemnity !
! for the expenses of the war, which we are told by j
I the chairman of the Foreign Affairs, will be made. .
! Unfortunately, these unusual and extraordinary i
| demands seem to have been contemplated before j
! the expenses were incurred. And indeed these
I expensive conquests would be no indemnity; but "
the order was given to General Taylor to take post ji would only brin^ burdens and discord upon our
on the Rio Grande. Although the President pro-1 Union. And, six-, if we succeed in these ambi- ji
tious projects, and tear from Mexico not only the i!
fesses that the eastern part of the valley of the Rio
Grande was ours, yet from the Secretary of War's
official despatches to General Taylor, of July 8th
and 30th, 1845, it is manifest that our Govern-
ment very well knew that the territory -was not
only ciamfbd, but occupied by Mexico. On July
8, 1845, Mr. Marcy writes to General Taylor,
that—
'This flepaitmcut is informed that Mexico has some
eastern bank of the Rio Grande, to which we pre-
tend a title, but to all New Mexico and California,
what will it profit us ? Military glory is not al-
ways safe and profitable to a nation—very often it
has proved not to be associated with national pros- j
! perity and happiness. In many cases it only '
leads to bewilder, and dazzles to blind." Rut
. | how is the harmony of" our TTnion to be effected
militorjiostablKhmenfr! on the east side of the Rio Grande, I! bv t'lis vast aeoilisition of tevn'toi-v whir-li is tn
which are, and for some time have been, in the actual occu- I' ' , J af.qnisition ot temtoiy, w Inch is to
pancy of her troops." j| overshadow the old thirteen States, leaving them
And on the 30th July, he says:
pars minima sui ? Instead of consolidating our
Union, promoting our prosperity, and securing
■'The Rio Gmnde is claimed as the bnumJarvbeUvpenthe '  ' n V 1 V ,,
two countries, and up to this boundary jou'are to extend ^ peace, it u til, as I believe, endanger the one,
your protection, only excepting any port's on the eastern ■ impair the other, and distract the last. I say notll-
side thereof, which are in the actual occupancy of Mexican ' ing of that question of paramount importance *
the rCpUbl,C ot''! whi?h U wiU force "P0""*' inflaming: to the high- j
est degree, sectional feelings and prejudices. The I
extension of empire has been fatal, sooner or later,
' to all nations, who have yielded to the temptings ;
of this ambition. It will be so to us ; and the :
more speedily because of the peculiar form of our
government. A nation is often weakened by ex-
The President knew that the Mexicans had a
custom-house at San Isabel, on the east side of the
river, and at its mouth; that Lorcdo was a Mexi-
can town, on the east bank; that the few cultivated
lands were held by Mexicans, and that neither
town nor farm, nor anything else on the east bank tension of territory; its power is diminished by ,
orthnt river, was, orever had been, held by Tex-i-—  -i .1 -•*- v. ' -
as. Yet, on the 13th January, 1816, while Mr.
dispersion; its burdens increased, and its institu-
, „,-n j . ■"   11 tions endangered by the necessary maintenance of'
Sudoll was still endeavoring to negotiate, General large military forces. To make a nation -reat,
tijtrrR.o^nl^rMandt0MUJ,7f-p0fi- : P^Peron*. and happy.it should be compacted ;
? WW told 111 this de- well peopled, well educated, blessed with the sound ,
it" 'Jand prudent legislation of peace, improved and
Mpxic-f. custom! „ ?! established ■ adorned by all that art and utility can furnish for
f ® 1'se^?nd 'i,dt <W<* te . its benefit and embellishment.
Lo'i-edO are suo-o-ested'for ,'•? 16 ofAnd have we not country enough 5 Can we not
Th  '11 ICCh was made in' oh**!!"8 '■ be satisfied with over two millions of square miles
dors, and against the remonstrances "Tthe M^kan f0"?1?1"? infi 1"CTti,e !.an;!s and nobI*
local and military authorities. As our a-mv -,7 1 biased with the finest of climates; with
to,iced, the Mexicans burned their custom-house" ™ 7 u and product; teeming with all
at the mouth of the river; and the little Mexican '1 c'omfol't and happiness of man,
Village of Prontone was discovered to be in flam™ - rhlnfP Wi supporting twice the population of
t'i  -■ . - - J"""08- Chinar Why must we penetrate the central wil-,
continent, and seek the shores of'
Hie army encamped m the midst of Mexican 1' derness of the
corn and cotton fields, and finally our batteries 1 the far Pirifie' <?;„ if, i ""i 7t     
were so planted opposite the Mexican city of Mat- i1 If n« . I. ' V malfe ^sc acquisitions,
amoros, «s to spot any home in the town wrote i ^ 'lem a"y'tfn,12: but Profitable. Our
"<*'  J- Tbb IZiiJcoZT- ii be ^.buildup
the officers of our
rnatio
from Missouri resisted so powerfully in 1844—the
seizure of this "slice of the Mexican republic
and thus the war begun  
^ I! a„ndfe^, S,
custom-houses, and seats of territorial governments \
fi* .. • ., - 1 thousand miles from the centre of our Dre«?- •
If any further evidence ent Union; to clear out rivers which flow intole li
Senate.
Pacific; to make harbors on the Sacramento, or
the Colorado of the West; to maintain a much
larger military and naval force than-we have ever
before been willing to endure. And when we have
done all this, the country which we have thus
built up will break the bonds of our Union, and
sever the unnatural alliance. . Sir, I want no more
annexation—no partnership with these outside bar-
barians—and, with my conscnt, none shall ever
take place. Already has this war absorbed the
j large surplus which we had accumulated before
: hostilities began, and created alarming deficiencies
j in the exchequer. Besides that surplus of about
i twelve millions, and the accruing revenues of more
j than twenty millions, we have, in less than one
I year from the commencement of the war, au-
I thorized direct or indirect loans to the amount of
| thirty-eight millions. At this rate, if the war
1 continues long, it requires no gift of prophecy to
! foresee the creation of an immense debt, which will
J burden and oppress our own jndustry and that of
1 our posterity. This war speculation is a fancy
< stock which I do not fancy. It must be a bad in-
1 vestment. Those who sow the storm reap the
i whirlwind. Those who scatter bullets and gun-
; powder, and reap with sabres and bayonets, must
j have a sad if not a fatal harvest. Already we
I have sown the seeds of a bitter and lasting hatred
in the minds and hearts of the Mexican people.
; We had before lost a valuable trade with that coun-
try, probably never to be regained; and we ha\e
now lost that gre^t moral influence which we had,
and whic'^ prudent counsels would always have
secured to us, among all the Spanish American
races. I know that recently,ever, m Brazil, intel-
ligent men have expressed the apprehension that,
at some future day, swarms of military adventu-
rers will pour forth from our northern hive and rush
to rapine and conquest in southern America. In-
stead of being considered the conservative head of
agreat system of American republics, we are likely
to be looked upon as rapacious, grasping, and un-
scrupulous conquerors. Sir, I trust we shall bet-
ter understand our true glory and interest than to
justify these suspicions—that public virtue and a
I magnanimous spirit will yet prevail in our conn-
' cils. I trust that the President is not quite intoxi-
j cated with the rage for gunpowder popularity—
that he is not so much inflamed by the lust of
I dominion as to persistin acareer of conquest which,
! I believe, will prove fatal to the interests if not the
j liberties of the country.
And now, sir, as to the three millions proposed
by the bill to be placed at the disposal of the Presi-
dent. I would very cheerfully give much more
than that sum to effect an honorable peace with
Mexico. But I cannot vote for this proposition,
j I cannot consent to this union of the pni'.>e an.I the
sword in the hands of the Executive. Alre.idv
i Congress has placed at his command mort- than
! seventy thousand men, and appropriated, at the
. present session, nearly forty-five millions of dol-
lars for military and naval purposes. And now
| we are asked to place at his disposal, and cohirc.U-
: ed only by his discretion, this sum of thiee mil-
lions, to be expended, we know not. so for as he
has informed us, for what specific purposes, but
under the provisions of a treaty which he hopes to
make with Mexico. If he should not fail 111 this
hope, the money may, and probably will be, uans-
ferred from our treasury to that of Mexico, under
the stipulations of a treaty not submitted to the
Senate for ratification, and'to whi, h the constitu-
tional majority may never assent. 1 will not cm-
sent thus to surrender, m advance,my functions as
a Senator, to cede to the President my constitu-
tional right and duty to act on a treaty, b, fore it 1
goes into effect.
Still less can I do this, when the Senator from
Arkansas, the chairman uf the. Committee on For-
eign Affairs, avers that the President's object is to
obtain a cession of New Mexico  nd California at
least, by way of indemnity; while the three mil-
lions are to be paid into the exhausted treasury of
Mexico, to enable th.it Government to pay ort" the
arrears due to their army, and on their civil list.
I will have no part nor lot in such a procttiling.
I might b e mducod to con&cnt to the RioGuwlc,
for a part of its course, as a boundary, though I
think it by no means a good one—not at all as de-
sirable as that which General Jackson, in 1^'29,
endeavored to acquire, if it could be ubtamcd by
