1847.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The, Three Million Sill—Mr. Henry Johnson.
Senate.
the free consent of Mexico, I would not resist the
acquisition of a port on the Pacific, for the resort
and protection of our commerce in that ocean, but
1 never will consent to these ruinous schemes of
gigantic conquest, these vast projects of annexa-
tion.
We have been taunted by gentlemen on the other
side with voting supplies for a war, the origin and
object of which we think unjust to Mexico and
injurious to our own country. Sir, I feel the em-
barrassment of the position. Our hearts are stirred
as with a trumpet, when we hear of our gallant
armies carrying the (lag of their country in triumph
over a foreign land. We feel power, and forget
right. It is difficult to withhold from these brave
men the means of support and safety, in the distant
and difficult enterprise on which they have been
sent. To do so might seem to be a desertion of
our country's cause. And yet, sir, to assist the j
President in his scheme of conquest and annexa- j
tion is, as I believe, to bring the greatest of evils !
upon the people of the United States. But appro- '
priations may be so limited as to secure the one
purpose, and deny the other. And whenever I j
shall be satisfied that a solid and durable peace can '
be had without dismembering the territory of Mex-
ico—if the President shall persist in his plans of
territorial acquisition—I, for one, whatever may
be the risk of misconception and unjust imputa-
tion, will withhold from him the means of pursu-
ing a war of conquest, and compel him, if I can, to
give peace to the country.
THE THREE MILLION BILL. j
REMARKS OF MR. H. JOHNSON, I
of louisiana, i
In thf. Sen-ate or the United States, i
March 1, 1847. \
The Senate having under consideration the Bill
appropriating Three Millions of Dollars for the ■
purpose of bringing the war with Mexico to a
close—
Mr. JOHNSON rose and said: :
Mr. President: I desire to make a very few
remarks on the amendment proposed by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] <
to the bill under consideration. The bill contains ;
an appropriation of three millions of dollars, to en- !
able the President to terminate the war with Mex- ,
ico and to procure an acquisition of Mexican ter- j
ritory bv treaty. . The object of the amendment, ;
if I understand it, is to prevent the acquisition of
one foot of territory. Hie President was induced
to believe, during the last session of Congress, from
information derived from sources upon which he
relied, that ail appropriation of two millions of
dollars would enable him to terminate the difficul-
ties between the two countries by an amicable ar-
i angement, and transmitted a message to Congress,
asking an appropriation of that amount for that ;
purpose. A bill passed the House of Representa-
tives making the appropriation, which was discus-
se.l in the Senate until twelve o'clock, the time at
which the session terminated. It thus failed for
the want of time; it having been previously ascer- .
tinned bv a vote of the Senate that a decided ma-
jority of this body was m favor of the said appro-
priation. The President, in his message to Con-
gress at the commencement of this session, renew-
ed his recommendation for an appropriation, and
avked for three millions of dollars, which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, by
whom this bill was reported. I voted for the bill
of the last session, appropriating two millions of
, dollars, and eight Whig Senators then so voted. I
voted for the bill under the impression, that if the
appropriation should be made, a peace might be
concluded, honorable to both Governments: and
that the ports of San Francisco and Monterey, on
: the Pacific, and such a portion of territory adjoin-
ing thereto as might be necessary to afford to the
people, uf the United States a direct communication
: to and from these ports, and to secure the payment
; of our just claims against Mexico, might be fairly
acquired; and I am now prepared to vote fora sinu-
l.ir bill, under like impressions. But 1 have another
| objection to the amendment. If adopted, we shall
4 proclaim to Mexico the course we intend to pur-
sue in prosecuting the war, which I consider would
be impolitic. The Senator from Georgia, who pro-
posed this amendment, voted against that bill, and
is now perfectly consistent in supporting the amend-
ment. Some of the Whig Senators who voted for
the bill of the last session oppose this bill, on the
ground of its being totally a different bill from the
one of the last session, having different objects in
view; they say that it authorizes the President to
use the appropriation for such purposes as he may
deem proper, before a treaty shall be made and
ratified by Mexico; that it might be used for the
purpose of bribing the Government of Mexico or
of its commanding general; that the money will
probably go to Santa Ana, and be applied to the
claims of the army, which may be thus secured
and Mexico dismembered. They have intimated,
however, that they might be induced again to vote
for b. similar bill to the one of the last session,
which provides that the appropriation should not
be used by the President until a treaty is made and
ratified by Mexico.
The object of the President has been distinctly
stated by himself. His object is to have the money
ready; and, if a satisfactory treaty is signed and
ratified, then to make a payment into the treasury
of Mexico, which will be disposed of by the Gov-
ernment of that country as it may deem proper.
This bill is intended, no doubt, to accomplish the
objects contemplated by the bill of the last session,
but it is certainly couched in very different terms,
and liable to objections which do not apply to that
bill, and which has produced the opposition to
which I have referred. To remove these objec-
tions, it is my intention, as soon as the amendment
of the Senator from Georgia shall be disposed of,
(it not being in order sooner,) to propose as a sub-
stitute for the bill a copy of the bill of the last ses-
sion, substantially as I "then voted for it, which, I
trust, will be concurred in by the Senate, and be-
come a law. The bill which was passed in the
House of Representatives appropriating three mil-
lions of dollars for the purposes contemplated by
this bill, containing the proviso with respect to sla-
very, certainly cannot become a law. Differing m
opinion with those with whom I usually act in this
body in regard to the amendment under consider-
ation, I have risen solely to state some of the rea-
sons which prevent me from voting for it, and to
give notice of the substitute I intend to offer.
But whilst up, I will say a few words with re-
spect to the war. Without stopping to inquire into
the causes of the war, or to investigate the circum-
stances which have attended its prosecution, it is
enough for me to know that a state of hostilities
actually exists, and that our army is in the field,
to give to the Administration, by my votes here, all
proper aid in money and men for a vigorous pros-
ecution of it, as the only means of terminating it
by a just and honorable peace. Hitherto I have
acted upon this principle, and shall continue so to
act. Those who expect to obtain a peace by for-
bearing or surrendering the country already con-
quered by our arms, know but little of the char-
acter of the Mexican people. Peace can only be
obtained by a vigorous prosecution of the war, and
the President should be clothed with the most am-
ple power to call forth the energies and resources
of the country. It is the duty of every patriot to
.unite in bringing the war to a speedy and honora-
ble close; and, with the view of effecting this desi-
rable object, I am in favor of extending our con-
quests by capturing the Mexican forts oil the Gulf;
and I am in favor of holding on to all the Mexican
territory now in our possession until Mexico shall
assent to a just and honorable peace; and if those
who conduct the war, and who are responsible for
the prosecution of it, shall deem it proper to strike
at the city of Mexico as the most effectual course
to be pursued, I shall not disapprove the move-
ment.
A permanent acquisition of the two ports on the
Pacific, and of the territory to which I have refer-
red, is desirable to us on many accounts. It would
connect us with the Pacific Ocean, and with the
Oregon Territory; and it would give us the Bay
of San Francisco, one of the finest harbors in the
' world, which will soon become highly important
on account of our trade in the Pacific, and our com-
1 merce with China, and which will, in all proba-
' bility, be acquired by Great Britain, if not perma-
nently acquired by tlie United Slates. 1 hose ports
in possession of Great Britain, what would he the
situation of the United States?
Yet, sir, I do not wish to be understood as being-
in favor of prosecuting the war with the view of.
dismembering the territory of Mexico by con-
quest; nor do I wish to be understood: as being- irji
favor of retaining any portion of Mexican terri-
tory which has been or may be acquired; by -corif-i
quest, provided Mexico shall conclude an honor-,
able peace and provide for the payment of all our
just claims. The President has stated, in a com-
munication to Congress, that a just and honorable
peace, and not conquest, is our purpose in the
prosecution of the war. But M'exico has rejected
the repeated overtures of our Government for an
adjustment of the differences existing between the
two countries on fair and equitable terms. She
has insultingly refused all reparation for the out-
rages committed on the property of American citi-
zens, and has avowed her determination to prose-
cute the war while any portion of Texas shall
remain annexed to this Union. Would it be prop-
er, under such circumstances, to withdraw our
troops to the east side of the Rio Grande, as
recommended in debate here, as well as in the
House of Representatives ? I am totally opposed
to such a policy; nor would I yield one foot of
territory already conquered by our arms, or which
may hereafter be conquered, until reparation shall
be made for the wrongs committed by her, and
until all the just claims of our citizens shall be
acknowledged and paid. But if, on the conclusion
of a peace, Mexico shall be able and willing to
satisfy those claims, without yielding any portion
of her territory, our Government, I feel persuaded,
will not insist on retaining any part thereof. It
is believed, however, that Mexico will not be ^J le
to satisfy all our just claims in money, and that
she may be willing to make a cession of a portion
of territory for the purpose, which is of but little
value to her, but of some importance to us, on
account of its position. If the appropriation con-
tained in this bill shall be made, the President may
be enabled to accomplish the object in view, and
to conclude a treaty honorable arid satisfactory to
both countries. Entertaining these views, I shall
vote for the appropriation in the form specified in
the substitute I intend to offer.
On the rejection of the amendment proposed by
Mr. Berrien, Mr. Johnson offered a copy of the
bill of the last session, substantially the same as
then acted on by the Senate, as a substitute for the
bill under consideration; which passed the Senate
without a division
THE AMISTAD.
REMARKS OF MR. J. Q. ADAMS,
of massachusetts,
In the House of Representatives,
March 2, 1S47.
Thtpquestion coming up on agreeing to a proposed
appropriation for making indemnity to the pro-
prietors of the Amistad (the Spanish vessel which
became some years ago the subject of litiga-
tion before the judicial tribunals of the United
States)—
Mr. ADAMS rose to address the House, and
immediately there was a general forsaking of the
more distant seats of the Hall, and the members
came flocking from all sides to listen to the only
speech made by Mr. A. this session. His voice,
though still feeble, was (inner in its tone than it
had been when he lately spoke a few words on
resuming his scat.
The reporter was suffered to approach very near
to the venerable speaker, and took such notes as
he could.
When first heard, Mr. A. was observing that
the Secretary of State (in a letter from him which
had been read at the Clerk's table in relation to
the claim of the Spanish Government) must have
been mistaken as to the facts of the case. It was
impossible he could have known the merits of the
case, ijfhe never would have signed his name to
such a paper. He said the Secretary must hav«
been mistaken, because it was not a fact that the
Spanish Minister had ever demanded the negroes
of the Amistad as slaves, but as freemen—as they
