438
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 3,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Wilmot Proviso—Mr. Woodworth.
Ho. of Reps.
had been declared to be by the Supreme Court of
the United States. In consequence of which dec-
laration they had been discharged and sent back
to their own country as free. But, whether free
or slaves, the Spanish Minister never demanded
them as slaves. What he demanded had been, that
the President of the United States should not suffer
the courts of the United States to notice the case-,
but that the men should be seized and delivered up
as assassins. Any one who would look into the
history of the case would see this to be so. When
the Secretary of State refused to deliver them up
on the ground of their not being slaves, the Span-
ish Minister disclaimed having ever demanded
them on that ground; he had demanded them not
as slaves, but as assassins. He wanted to have
them delivered up to the Spanish Government,
and sent to Havana to be executed as murderers;
in which case all claim of their owners to them as
property must have been forfeited. He wanted to
have them tried and executed for liberating them-
selves.
- Mr, A. insisted that there was not even the
shadow of a pretence for the Spanish demand of
indemnity. These negroes were not slaves; tRey
never had been slaves. The Supreme Court pro-
nounced them to be freemen; and, as such, en-
titled to the value of the vessel which they had
taken possession of. And this, after they had suf-
fered two years imprisonment. The Secretary of
State could not have been "acquainted with these
facts, or he never would have sanctioned tlxe de-
mand of indemnity as a fair claim on this Govern-
ment.
It was true, these men had been demanded by
Ruis and Montez, if there was any property in the
caag. These men, after the negroes had risen and
liberated themselves, by slaying the captain, had
deceived them by steering the ship, not back to
the coast of Africa as the negroes supposed, but to
the coast of America, so that she was ultimately
wrecked upon the beach of Long Island. There the
ship was taken possession of by Lieutenant Ged-
r*ey,in theUnited States naval service, and the men
committed to jail. Ruis and Montez were at once
liberated, and demanded the negroes as their prop-
erty, but the Supreme Court decided that they had
no just claim, and directed the men to be liberated.
The demand of the Spanish Minister never looked
to them as slaves at all. If it was the opinion of
the Secretary that his demand was fair, and ought
to havebeen complied with under the eighth, ninth,
or tenth article of our treaty with Spain, the ne-
groes must have been given up not as slaves, but
as criminals, and they would have been sent to
Cuba and executed; so that those who claimed to
be their owners must have lost their value entirely.
Their claim had occupied the Supreme Court for
two weeks, and the court declared that these ne-
groes were the slaves of no man upon earth.
Was the very extraordinary letter of the Secre-
tary of State, which had been read here, giving
his opinion on the claim of these Spanish slave-
dealers, in opposition to the finding of the Supreme
Court, to be a law to the two Houses of Cong*ss ?
If the question was yet to be decided, let it be de-
cided by the Congress of the United States, and
not by the opinion of the Secretary of State.
There had been a long correspondence between
the Secretary and the Spanish Minister; and it was
true that in the Supreme Court the instructions of
the Secretary of State to Captain Gedney were
considered. The Spanish Minister made one de-
mand for these negroes, and the District Attorney
of Connecticut another; but the Secretary of State
had not demanded them. The ground of the
Spanish Minister was, that the Court could not
take cognizance of the case, but that the President,
"by his gubernatorial power," as President, could
seize the ship and the negroes, and send them to
Cuba.
And now this same Spanish Minister came here
and asked the people of the United States to pay
$50,000 to the pretended proprietors of these men,
when he had, at the time, never demanded them as
property, hut as assassins. Such a total perver-
sion of the whole subject never had been witness-
ed. God forbid that any claim should Jfcver be
allowed by Congress which rested on such a false
foundation.
He hoped, therefore, that the House would not
agree to make any such appropriation. The de-
mand, if successful, would be a perfect robbery j
committed on the people of the United States.
Neither these slave-dealers, nor the Spanish Gov-
ernment on their behalf, had any claim to this
money whatever.
His friend from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] had told
the House what was the real history of the
case. This Ruis and Montez were negro slave-
traders at Havana, in open violation of the laws of.
Cuba itself. They purchased a cargo of fresh
negroes, recently brought from the coast of Africa,
and shipped them, contrary to the laws of Spain,
having complied with the custom of those engaged
in the same infamous occupation, by giving the
Spanish governor a bribe of ten dollars apiece for
their negroes for overlooking the laws and wink-
ing at their violation. In this manner they carried
on their trade. The negroes rose in defence of
their natural rights as men, and put to death the
captain of the vessel and one of the owners; and,
having thus recovered their liberty, were deceived
by those traders who guided them here, when they
were seized and treated as pirates, while their be-
trayers were at once set free. Their whole case
had been adjudicated after full investigation, and
the men set free and returned to their native coun-
try. And this claim for indemnity setup by Spain
was utterly destitute of any foundation in justice
or truth.
THE WILMOT PROVISO.
SPEECH OF W. W. WOODWORTH,
OF NEW YORK/
In the House of Representatives,
March 3,1847,
Mr. WOODWORTH, of New York, addressed
the House as follows, in explanation of his vote
on the Wilmot Proviso:
Mr. Speaker: I feel indebted to my distinguish-
ed friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmuk] for
the opportunity he allows me of saying a few
words in explanation of the vote I have just given
on the Wilmot proviso. From that gentleman's
known courtesy, I could have expected rib less;
and the friendly relations that have subsisted be-
tween us—relations in no degree hazarded by the
difference in our political opinions—receive new
strength from his present kindness.
Mr. Speaker, it is true that I voted for the Wil-
mot proviso: it is known to many that I gave early
notice of my determination to do so. I have had
no disguise on the subject; have affected no mys-
tery in relation to my conduct. The principle of
the proviso has ever commanded the assent of my
heart; its assertion, I have maintained during the
last and present session, should depend on favor-
able opportunity.
I am content, for one, Mr. Speaker, to leave sla-
very where the Constitution has left it. The Con-
stitution—that glorious offspring of mutual com-
promise—gives no power to the slave States of
adding to their number; nor does it authorize the
free States to interfere with slavery, so as in any
manner to affect its character. In Hie States where
it existed on the adoption of the Constitution, the
institution of slavery is protected from external as-
sault by the provisions, express or implied, of that
instrument; but under it, it cannot extend itself to
the acquisition of other territory; and all territory
since acquired, with slavery existing therein, has
been with the sufferance and by the consent of the
free States. Slavery has been conceded by the
North in more than one instance to the territorial
extension of the South, in consideration of com-
mercial or other advantages acquired thereby. So
it was in the purchase of Louisiana and Florida,
and so in the annexation of Texas.
I am not disposed now, Mr. Speaker, to go over
the well-trodden ground of the origin of this war.
Whether it necessarily resulted from the annexa-
tion of Texas, or whether it was provoked, and
rendered inevitable by the march of our army upon
the Rio Grande, or whether, as I hold, it was forced
upon us by the Mexicans themselves, I do not in-
tend at present to consider. It is sufficient for me
to know, that by an act—a solemn and deliberate
act—of our own Government, war with Mexico
has been declared to exist. And although I am
wiiiing to give all credit that is due the gentlemen
who have supported with so much ability either
or all of these hypotheses, I had rather praise their
ingenuity than imitate their example.
Mr. Speaker, we are in the midst of a war, and
we must bear and conduct it with all our patriot-
ism and all our energies. War, at the best, is an
evil—an almost intolerable evil—and should never
commence but when peace is no Iong;er to be main-
tained with honor; should always terminate when
peace can be obtained and honor satisfied. But I
am not one of those, Mr. Speaker, who affect a
mawkish horror of war, or denounce it in all cases
and under all circumstances, as the most iniquit-
ous of iniquities. On the contrary, 1 hold that it
is often the preventive of far greater evils; wards
off, rather than induces, national calamity; develops
the energies of the mind, ever more active under
excitement; and, above all, brings out and culti-
vates that ardent patriotism whose full develop-
ment alone can perpetuate the union of these
States.
But, Mr. Speaker, the genius of this country lies
in peace. The only two wars in which our Re-
public hitherto had been engaged, were wars of
inevitable necessity: by the first we asserted and
secured the political independence of our country;
by the other, we assumed and defended, a prin-
ciple, destined to wide and universal imitation—
the safety of the citizen awider the flag of his country
on all neutral groundFor these we fought, ana
in these we triumphed.
By no fault of our own, war has been precipi-
tated upon us. And it becomes us to endure this
new and unenviable relation with all our philoso-
phy, all the time seeking an opportunity to termi-
nate it peaceably.
The earliest feasible mode of putting an end to
the unfortunate hostilities now subsisting between
us and Mexico, I have thought, ever since he
urged it, was this proposition of the President, i
am confident he is much better advised than we
are of the influence that pervades Mexican coun-
cils. His superior information he cannot impart to
us, without at the same time endangering, if not
utterly destroying, the hopes of peace of which it
is the cause. I have that abiding confidence in his
sagacity, and in the wisdom of the council by
wKom he surrounds himself, to give him this evi-
dence of our trust, and grant him, without restric-
tion, the three million loan.
Were we at war with an established govern-
ment, Mr. Speaker—a government in whose en-
gagements we could repose any confidence, or of
whose duration we entertained any hope—the usual
forms of diplomacy might alone be necessary for
i intercommunication. But there is in Mexico,
i properly speaking, no established authority; all
power there is uncertain and indefinite; the nomi-
i'; nal President of to-day maybe supplanted to-mor-
j1 row, and be obliged to give way in equal rapidity
'! to as nominal a successor. Each one in turn as-
i: sumes and relinquishes supreme authority; and the
j| very facility of change, in natural consequence,
I begets a desire therefor.
! But there is one power in Mexico, Mr. Speaker,
:j which, unrecognised in the constitution of the
'! State, and in direct opposition to its laws, controls
jj its affairs. With that power we could treat. It
ij is the ARMED POWER of Mexico. It is its
i! Congress of bayonets, its representatives at San
jj Luis.
| I would send to them, Mr. Speaker, the sword*
! i and the purse, both in much force. It was the old
ij Roman method of negotiating a peace, and has lost
!i none of its efficacy by its transmission through
j| ccnturies. "Choose ye the one or the other," let
ii our minister, civil or military, be instructed to say,
jj and let him be provided with the ability to compel
ij and bind them to their option.
ji 'Nor am I alone or unsupported in the position
II I have assumed. Many of my political friends, I
si am happy to think—of my most sagacious and
j - influential political friends, hold with mc this opin-
/ ion. I am glad to find that it commands a ma-
I j jority in Congress. We lose nothing by the ex-
j perirnent—we may gain much by it.
;j And, Mr. Speaker, this opinion is not confined
i to the political party to which I have the honor to
; belong. It is cultivated to a certain extent among
! my political opponents—men who have too much
I regard for the interests of their country, of which
i peace is the great promoter, to encourage the nar-
