440
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
29TH CO&G 2D SESS.
Debate on the Bill for the relief of Ireland.
Ho. of Heps.
sfcarce opened'his mouth during the whole session.
He wished to say a few things both on the bill and
tfie amendments. He desired to call the attention
of the country to the position in which we were
piaeed. He wanted them to know—they ought
to know, and with the help of God they should
"know—vtfho was responsible for it. He invited
them to review the causes which had led to this
state of things, and the wide difference, the striking
contrast, between the state of the country at this
hour and that which it had presented when this
Administration came into power. At that time
peace reigned throughout all our borders; we were
unembarrassed by a public debt; the tieasury was
not only full but overflowing; it contained a large
surplus, the result of Whig policy, which came
into the possession and disposal of the in-coming
Administration. That Administration had been in
power but two years, and what did we see? The
country at war, the treasury empty, the Govern-
ment forced to resort to loans, and yet refusing: to
provide any means of repayment. He called the
attention of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to the fact, that while Congress
were appropriating million after million—some
twenty or thirty millions last year, and some sixty
rhiHions the present year—not a bill had yet been
passed to provide means to meet this great outlay.
The Committee of Ways and Means, from the be-
ginning of the session until now, had been standing
Stock still as to this important part of their public
duty, and had proposed nothing but a tax on tea
and coffee, the food and the comfort of our labor-
ing population. If Mr. E. understood the duty of
the committee, its very name indicated that when
appropriations were required for the service of the
country, that committee was to propose to Con-
gress the proper ways and means of raising the
ittoney. Now, when their little tea and coffee bill
had been brought into the House, an amendment
had been proposed in such a way as would have
ensured an abundant revenue, adequate to all the
wants of the treasury, and at the same time pro-
motive of the public prosperity and all the interests
of our home industry, but the Democracy, in a
body, went against the amendment, although they
had all voted for the public expenditures. Mr. E.
said he wished that the country should know this
state of facts, that they might understand that it
was our Democrats who were responsible for fhst
contracting a public debt, and then not having the
manliness to provide the means of paying ft off.
It was easy to foresee what must be the result of
such a policy; and no doubt the purpose in pur-
suing it was to accumulate the appropriations of i
these two memorable years of the Polk domina- ;
tion, and leave the Whig party, which was coming !
into power, to find the means of paying them.
As to this responsibility for authorizing a pub-
lic debt and refusing to pay it, Mr. E. had a few
things he wished to say. A great difference of
opinion existed as to the causes of the war. He
saw that, in the Senate, a Senator fiom Missouri
[Mr. Bextox] charged it all on the Senator from [
South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun*.] The Senator ;
from South Carolina, in turn, charged it on the :
President; and the President in his message charged i
it upon Mexico. Here was a contest of recrimi- '
nation between these three high powers. It might t
remind one of a similar scene in the garden of'
Eden. When God charged Adam with eating the j
forbidden fruit, Adam charged it on the woman, I
and she turned round and charged it upon the ser-1
pent. Mr. E.'s opinion was that, as in Adam's ;
case, they were all responsible, but the two first in ■
particular. j
The Senator from South Carolina was answer- '
able in the first instance, since his course in rela- !
tion to 'he annexation ot Texas, in which transac- i
tion he was the pnme mover, had produced the !
incipient cause of the war; the President was an- -
svverablcin the second place, because he had taken :
the steps which were the immediate and proximate ;
cause of it. The chief of thrse was the removal !
of our troops to the Rio Grande. In this proceed- I
mg Mr. E. believed the coursc of the Executive ■
to have been unconstitutional, and in every respect ;
■unjustifiable; so much so that, had he been in anv I
otner country but this, such an assumption off
power would have cost him his place, if not some- !
thing more. i
And now he desired to add a word or two on the s
subject of the Wilmot proviso. In regard tt> this
measure there seemed to exist a greater degree of
sensibility among gentlemen on all sides than on
almost any other. It so happened that the south-
ern portion of the Confederacy were extremely
irritable and sensitive on the subject of slavery.
For this Mr. E. could divine no other reason than
that they felt the whole thing to be wrong in prin-
ciple. Thus gentlemen were responsible for the
course whicU they had themselves adopted in re-
gard to the domestic relations of the country.
Why thus sensitive toward States which did not
for a moment undertake to interfere with slavery
as it now existed in any slave State; toward States
which were living up to the contract which held
the Union together, and would be the first to resist
any invasion of that sacred instrument? Had they
not suffered slave State to be added to slave State,
till the power of the South had reached an extent
never contemplated when the compromises of the
Constitution were entered into? and had the South
any right to wonder or complain if the North now
put down their foot and declared that a stop should
be put to its proceeding any further? The slave-
holding interest was gradually gaining such an
ascendency in the Senate, that unless the process
of adding slave States was arrested, the evil of sla-
very would soon be perpetuated for all time to
come. The feeling of the entire North was utterly
against such a perpetuation, and the consequences
which must follow it. The free States were not
responsible for this question having been brought
into that Hall; it was the slave States themselves
who had brought it here: and when it came it
overrode all other questions. It was emphatically
the last question to be settled here; and when the
issue should be fairly made, Mr. E. was for ma-
king it override everything else. The fust State
that should attempt to break the sacred bond of
brotherhood which now held this Confederacy to-
gether must be whipped into submission. Mr. E.
would have no half measures on such a subject.
He was for taking the course of Andrew Jackson
with any refractory member of this family of States:
he would bring her very speedily to know her own
position, and make her clearly understand and prac-
tically to feel that she had no right to sever herself
from the partnership without the assent of all con-
cerned. He hoped that, if so dark a day should
j ever arrive as that would be in which such a ques-
tion came up for settlement, we should have in the 1
presidential chair another Jackson, who would
neither flinch nor fear to carry out the constitutional
rights of all the States. But he was aware of the
impatience of the House and of the pressure of the
public business, and lie would no longer claim the
floor. • |
On motion of Mr. DOUGLASS, the committee
now rose; and in the House moved to limit the ■
continuance of debate on this bill to five minutes !
after the House should have again gone into com-:
mittee upon it. i
Mr. BRFNKERHOFF moved to amend by ex- j
tending the time to thirty minutes. ;
Mr. DOUGLASS demanded the previous ques- !
tion; and, under its operation, the motion of Mr. ,
Brinkerkoff was negatived, and that of Mr.
Douglass agreed to. !
So the debate was restricted to five minutes. 1
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved '
to have a recess from half-past two to five o'clock;
and then went back into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DOUGLASS desired to occupy a portion :
of the brief space remaining; for debate on this bill, i
and the amendments which had been proposed to !
it. And in the fiist place he believed it was well -
known that he was against the incorporation of
the Wilmot proviso into this bill. And, m the !
second place, that, if it should bethought best that •)
the question in regard to the character of new ter-
ritoryto be received hereafter into theUnion should !!
be settled now, the most proper arrangement on
that subject would be the adoption of the Missouri
compromise line. As the issue now seemed, how- j
ever, to be on the adoption or the rejection of the 'i
Wilmot nroviso, he would give a few reasons why ;
he should vote against it. He believed that this
was not the proper time for any action on that sub- j I
ject. It would be time enough to declare whether
the new territory should or should not be open to '
the existence of slavery when Congress should
have to legislate for the government of such tcrri- 11
tory. That was obviously the proper time to act
upon the subject; then it would come fairly up,
and Congress would be called on to decide it.
If we should annex any territory which now
belonged to Mexico, we'should annex it under the
existing laws until those laws should be changed
by Congress. Slavery was now prohibited there,
arid would continue to be so prohibited until this
Government should repeal the prohibition. And
how was it to be repealed? By the action of Con-
gress in establishing territorial government there.
Ought not, then, the North to be satisfied to wait
till then without this decision in advance? They
would have the question in their own hands when
the House should be called on to legislate for the
territory.
Mr. G. DAVIS inquired whether, according to
the gentleman's understanding of the matter, the
act of annexation would transfer with the land and
the people all the existing institutions now estab-
lished there ?
Mr. DOUGLASS said that such of them would
remain as were not incompatible with our Consti-
tution and laws. But, however that might be,
Congress would be called on to create a territorial
government for the annexed territory, and if a
majority was opposed to the toleration of slavery
there, they would have the whole question as com-
pletely within their control then as now.
If Congress should insert no prohibition of s!a-v
very in the territorial government, the people of
the Territory, when it became a State or States,
could dccide for themselves whether slavery should
or should not exist within their boundaries. If
they chose to prohibit it, and inserted such a fea-
ture in their constitution, that constitution must
also come before Congress for revision, and Con-
gress might assent or dissent to the provision.
Then the question would be fairly up, and that
!j would be another opportunity of passing upon it,
! for all future time.
!; Why, then, should so exciting a question be
I pressed now ? He knew that certain northern gen-
,! tlemen said "Now or never." Well, if it must be
| acted on now, Mr. D. was prepared to act. If
j Government had power to act on it now, it would
: have the same power when called on to form a ter-
i ritorial government.
ij The Committee then proceeded to vote, and re-
! jected the amendment of Mr. Graham, but adopt-
;! ed that of Mr. Wilmot.
j: The bill was then reported to the House
j amended, and the yeas and nays being called, Mr.
! Wilmot's amendment was rejected, and the bill
passed.
THE RELIEF OF IRELAND.
The bill being under consideration to authoiize
the employment of the Government ships James-
town and Macedonian to carry the contributions
of individual benevolence in the United States 10
relieve the sufferingpeople of Ireland—
Mr. WINTHROP said he had risen with a view
to bring the object of this bill to the notice of the
House, and not for the unnecessary purno*se of
endeavoring to enlist the sympathies of gentlemen
i in^ behalf of the suffering people of Ireland. He
j wished to say first a word for himself m this mat-
j ter, and then a word in behalf of the bill. There
i had been two measures proposed during the pres-
| ent session to manifest the sympathy of the
j American Government with the destitute and the^
! famishing in Ireland: the first of w!u< h was a lull
i appropriating fne hundred thousand dollats for the
purchase of provisions to be sent in the name of
- the people of the United States. This bill had
, been referred to the Committee of Ways and
! Means, of which committee Mr. W. had the hon-
or to be a member; and he was not willing to rest
under the reproach justly arising from the fact that
that bill had not, down to this hour, been reported
back to the House. Pie wished here to say, m
his own vindication, that lie had left no stone' un-
turned to bring up the consideration of the bill m
committee and get it reported buck to the House.
The chairman of the committee, who was now
present, would bear him witness that he lvd mov-
ed it again and again; and that the commi'irc hml
twice broken up its Mttmg rather than consider
and act on the bill. There seemed to W- an under-
standing that, if the bill should he pas*? d and sent
to the Executive it would ccrtainlv meet with his
