442
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 3,
29th Cong.....2d Sess.
War and Mail Steamer Bill—Mr. Miller.
Ho. of Heps.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL objected.
The SPEA KER, ruled that the resolutions were
not strictly resolutions of privilege, anil therefore
not in order. ,
Mr BROCKENBROUGH appealed, ana upon
that appeal stated that he would acquiesce most
cheerfully in any disposition which it might be the
pleasure of the House, in its wisdom, to make.
His whole duty was performed by the presentation.
He felt himself placed in a most painful and em-
barrassing position. He had imagined that no cir-
cumstance could possibly occur which could induce
him for one moment, to interrupt the regular course
of business of the House in which he felt an anx-
ious and painful interest, with reference as well
to the general interests of the country, so deeply
involved, as to local questions of great interest to
his people. But the paragraph which had been
read forced itself upon his notice. We could not
shut our eyes under pretence of a formality of par-
liamentary law. If we would not see, the people
would see. They would see that this House, of
which he had the honor to be a member, was
charged with most disgraceful corruption. The
charge was made by a high officer of his own
State. Respect for the office and the officer, and
the State he represented; respect for the place in
which the charge was made, for himself, his fellotv
members, and the House, compelled him not to
admit the truth, or seem, by silence, to admit the
truth (so far as this House was embraced) of this
charge, so overwhelming in its character, and em-
bracing all political parties—Whigs and Democrats.
He should stand in a strange position indeed, at
home, if he should there deny the existence of a
corruption here to an extent which he had never
dreamed, when it was made by a high officer of
the State here, and permitted to go unquestioned,
as if it was at least sanctioned by the whole delega-
tion from his State. He would be told he was too
late in taking his position, and that he should have
sought inquiry and investigation whilst here. He
should not have felt it his duty to notice the matter
had it come from any other source than a Senator
from his own State, in a co-ordinate branch of the
Legislature—one clothed with all the dignity oi
the senatorial character, and infested with_ a por-
tion of the majesty of a sovereign republic; and
ttiat republic composed of the very people he had
the honor to represent. If it had been said by any j
one in the streets, or published in any newspaper j
squib, he would have considered it far beneath the :
dignity of this House to mention it. But it is !
made in a place whence it would go abroad to the '
whole civilized wotld, whose eyes were turned to ;
us at this timewnh peculiar inteiest, not only from j
our intrinsic importance and rapid development I
of power, but from the accidental circumstance of !
there were difficulties in making inquiry m one
House as to what was said in the other. He had
drawn the resolutions so as to be elaborately ^ re-
spectful to the Senate and the Senator in question.
He was the last man to trespass willingly on
any rule of order or any privilege of the other de-
partments of the Government. He acknowledged
that we could not question any Senator in this
House for words spoken in debate. He did
not propose to do so. He denied nothing said by
any Senator in his resolutions. He said nothing
disrespectful of the Senate. The difficulty , in all
such cases, arose only from the fact of the impos-
sibility, in former times, of taking down the precise
words spoken. But when words were written out
i and repeated, and reported by officially recognised
| reporters, and the speeches published and sanction-
j ed by members themselves, they go forth to the
' world with an official and authentic stamp, which
renders it impossible for one House not to know
and to feel, whatthewhole country knows and feels,
the words spoken in the other. This proved the
importance of the rules of parliamentary decorum,
which requires that no harsh reference or charge
shall be permitted in one House towards the other.
Upon this subject, he asked the Clerk to read an
authority from the laws we have adopted from
Hatsell's Precedents. He had not had time to
search for authorities. The Clerk read as follows:
" Neithei house can exercise any authority over a mem-
ber or officer of the other, but should complain to the house
of which he is, and leave the punishment to them. Where
the complaint is of words disrespectfully spoken by a mem-
ber of another house, it is difficult to obtain punishment,
because of the rules supposed necessary to be observed (as |
to the immediate noting down of words) for the security of !
members. Therefore it is the duty of the House—and morp '
particularly of the Speaker—to interfere immediately, and j
not to permit expressions to go unnoticed which may give j
aground ot complaint to the other House, and introduce pro- :
ceedmgs and mutual accusations between the two Houses, !
which can hardly be terminated without difficulty and dis- |
order."—3 Hats.,51. i
He fully conceded this law. He did not seek,
in his resolutions, to exercise any authority by
this House over any member or officer of the other.
He did not even ask the admitted right of "com-
plaining" to the other House. He did not ask
any "punishment" of any one, or make any
charge against any one, or impugn any one's mo-
tives, or contradict, or in any manner disparage
any one in the Senate or elsewhere. Any of these
' it might be out of order in him to move, and un-
dignified in the House to adopt, and he was satis-
fied would be very improper and unbecoming in
him, in the position he occupied towards the per-
son making the charge. His resolutions only re-
spectfully asked the Senate to cause specifications
to be made of the charge made in its presence, to
offer at this late hour of the session, I promise to
confine myself strictly to the matter embraced by
the bill before the committee.
i am solicitous for the passage of the bill, and
for the adoption of the amendments proposed by
the Naval Committee, contemplating the extension
of Government aid to a coastwise line of steamers,
and a line of steamers to ply between New \ ork
and Liverpool. I shall go for botli measures,
deeming them essential, not only to our commer-
cial interests, but to our national honor ami secur-
ity. But, though X shall vote for both amendments,
I feel bound to say, that there is no measure pend-
ing before Congress which has excited more in-
terest among my immediate constituents, than the
proposed line of mail steamers to Liverpool, and
one whose fate they regard with more solicitude.
The amendments fall in naturatly with the objects
of the original- bill. Both contemplate the effective
increase of our steam marine—the bill, that of the
navy proper; the amendments, that of our mercan-
tile war navy. Both come within the supervision
of the Navy Bjpartment, and are subject to its
control.
Mr. Chairman, when I consider the present sit-
uation of our country: its extended and extending
territories; its immense Atlantic coast; the great
lakes on its northern frontier; the Mexican Gulf,
with its large and exposed commerce; our actual
possessions on the Pacific; with our vast mercan-
tile marine, bearing our flag to the remotest seas—
1 deem it but a measure of ordinary prudence and
' foresight, to augment the efficiency of our steam
j' marine by the most liberal appropriations. For-^--
i'j tunately, Mr. Chairman, the apprehension of im-
j mediate hostilities with England terminated with
ij the happy adjustment of the Oregon controversy;
! but as long as we are bordered on the north by the
i; colonies of any European Power, we are in con-
|'i stant danger of collision.- Revolt or disaffection
|| in those colonies may, at any moment, materially
! increase those dangers, and we may not always
be able to avail ourselves of the masterly wisdom
which saved us on the northeastern boundary
question, the McLeod case, and the Oregon dis-
pute. When I speak of these dangers, I do not
speak of remote and improbable events, but of
events so little unlikely to happen, that it is the
part of common prudence to provide against their
occurrence. It was not merely for the protection
of the border possessions of the Hudson Bay
Company—it is not from the danger she appre-
hends from Changes in the thrones of Europe, that
Great Britain has been so industriously occupied
for the last seven or eight years in the extension of
her steam marine. Her legislation contemplates
uniformly a wise provision for probable events.
the end that tlie people might be informed, and this j: ££ei. policy is not based upon that from-hond-to
House take proper measures.^ This jpight per- j; mouth wisdom which blunders into war and blim
war which, in same decree, affected their interests ; "—-r u -- ■
present and prospective To tell the civilized world jl haps be deemedUnnecessary by ^Hous^nd ders tllrough lt) without knowing where to expect
that this young republic, as yet m its infancy, was
already so degraded, so "reeking with feculent cor-
ruption" in all its branches—the President, Heads
of-Departmentsand both Houses of Congress—as to
excite a revolution, if the people could see it, which
would hurl all, in indiscriminate ignominy, into
the Potomac, and this from a high officer, who
makes the declaration solemnly, and who must be
supposed to have opportunities of observing:, was
too startling not to attract attention
1 not see how it could be out of order. But, as a
member of the House, he was ready to acquiesce in
■ its decision—his only personal object, that of not
1 being- misconstrued by silence at home, would as
! well be effected by the introduction as the passage
[ ofthe resolutions. The technical rules of parlia-
mentary law and parliamentary courtesy and pro-
and when'he i'Priety touching the intercourse between the two
was told that His people, if here, would take part in jj Houses, and the extreme deference and respect due
the revolution. hifelt biund to do what the people, i > from one to the other in debate and intercourse as
if here, would first do-inquire; and be could not ii the privilege of the constituents, and not of the
see how his silence could be construed otherwise 1' members themselves, were unhappily not as well
than as an acquiescence and indifference. What- i. known, understood, and appreciated m the country
giving the subject more importance than the House jj blows or where to strike them. She knows, as
might suppose the occasion required; but he could ; we]] as We know, that as long as she maintains
colonial possessions on the North American conti-
nent, in view of the disposition which they have
manifested atintervals during thelast twenty years,
and in view of the disposition which prevails, and
always will prevail, in the country of prostlvtism
and acquisition, there is always danger, more or
less remote, of misunderstandingand collision, and
she is determined to be prepared, in any such event,
to descend upon us with an overwhelming force.
Why, sir, look a moment at the present naval
force of Great Britain, as registered in the report
of Secretary Bancroft, made to the Senate on the
30th of March, 1846. From this I learn that the
the House or others might do, respect for his ii generally as here, in the Senate and House of Rep- j j number of vessels in the British navy is 636, mount
State compelled him to move. The privileges of !' resentatives. Whatever course the House might
  1 r-1 . " Anmnntih a with its nivn nitrniHr. hiR
this House—the privileges of the Senate—were
but the privileges of there respective constituencies, |i
It was the only safe ground—the only ground ii
on which they could be tolerated for a moment, jj
He held it to be the privilege of his constituents jj
to have inquiry made upon a charge made by one |j
of their own representatives in another body, upon |>
the character of this House ; and if other gentle-j!
men could excuse their silence by laughing at the i
charge as ridiculous, or a sneer as unworthy of ,|
notice, such reason could not avail him in this in- ji
stance, coming, as the charge did, from the imme- j;
diate representative of the State. Made officially, it |l
assumed something of tlie character of a charge jj
from the State itself. He acknowledged that "
think most compatible with its own dignity, his
duty was done.
WAR AND MAIL STEAMER BILL.
SPEECH OF MR7W. S. MILLER,
of new york,
In the House op Representatives,
' March 3, 1847,
On the Bill from the Senate providing for the build-
ing and equipment of four naval steamships—
Mr. MILLER said:
Mr. Chairman: In the few remarks I have to
ing, when armed, 17.681 guns: and that in these
are employed 40,000 men, bovs, and marines.
The commerce and fisheries of Great Brltian em-
ployed 23,898 vessels , the aggregate tonnage of
which is 3,007,581. Tins jjives 5S8 irons m the
j regular navy to each 100,000 tons of her shipping.
! But this immense force,and this estimated proie<--
j tion, are exclusive of 14 sailing vessels and 22
; steamers in the Indian navy, 72 vessels in the rev-
■ enue service, and 3.3 large contract mail-steamers
i under the control of Government; being a total of
; 134 additional vessels, mounting 310 guns,
j From the same source, J learn that the United
j States have 77 vessels in their navy, mounting
i 2,345guns, and carrying 8,724 men;that their eom-
1 merceand fisheries employ 19,666 vessels, whose
