1847.]
APPENDIX TO THlf CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three. MiUion Bill—Mr. Miller.
Ho. of Reps.
tonnage is 2,416,999 tons. This gives them 97
guns to each 100,000 tons of commerce. This cal-
culation is exclusive of 13 sailing and 8steam ves-
sels in the revenue service, carrying 61 guns and
767 officers and men. The difference between the
number of vessels and guns of the British navy and
those of the navy of the United States, furnishes a
very inadequate and insufficient index to the differ-
ence in actual force and efficiency. The introduc-
tion of steam, as an element of naval warfare, has
completely revolutionized its character.
It is idle to look any longer for our defence to our
sailing frigates and sloops of war that won our old
battles on the ocean. In comparison with vessels
combining the use of steam with that of sails, or
steam vessels of war, it is obvious that mere .sail-
ing vessels can never move with the same facility
and celerity, or effect their combinations with the
same success, or be brought into or out of engage-
ments with the same certainty and speed. The
true relative strength, then, is to be estimated by
the comparison of our steam navies. The total ef-
fective steam navy of England numbers 199 vessels,
according to the authority I have already quoted ;
that of the United States numbers three war steam-
ers in commission, with 23 guns; one building, to
mount 4 guns; and three in ordinary, to mount 4
guns; one of the last class, being designed for
harbor defence, and the other for a steam tug. Nine
"war steamers," as they are set down in the report
to which I have refered; while we were told, how-
ever, in the annual report of that Secretary, that
the Mississippi and the Princeton are the only'two
3fficient seagoing steamers in our service. The
British war steamers, for ocean navigation, stand
to ours in the proportion of about fifty to one.
In the annual message of December last, the
President recommends the addition of an efficient
war steamer to each of our foreign squadrons, and
I rejoice that this recommendation has been acted
upon by the other branch of this body, and is now
before us for an approval; for I am persuaded the
time has arrived when the main reliance of a squad-
ron must rest, emphatically, upon its steam vessels,
and that the time is at hand when no vessel of war
will be deemed altogether reliable without an aux-
iliary steam power. The practicability of an effi-
cient combination of two great agents of propulsion
—steam and wind—has been already demonstrated
by the performances of the auxiliary steamers now
in the service of the War Department in the Gulf
of Mexico. But, sir, it is not enough that we
should merely increase our navy proper. Great
Britain is eating into the heart of our commercial
greatness, as well as establishing and extending
her naval dominion at our expense—and all for the
want of a little governmental aid on our part, to that
private enterprise which stands ready and eager to
enter into an active commercial competition with
the English steamers. Why, sir, how can we hes-
itate in this matter without subjecting ourselves to
the charge of the most culpable apathy and imbe-
cility ? Two sea steamers only in the navy of the
United States ! One of them now undergoing re-
pairs at Norfolk; one of them in daily danger of
being declared unlit for service, so long and so con-
stantly has her steam-machinery been employed.
At the present moment, sir, with our large marine
force in the Gulf, and in view of the great enter-
prises apparently contemplated there, not a single
reliable sea steamer at our command—not a steamer
of any description whatever on any of our foreign
stations! With a squadron in the Pacific, and
with the military occupation of California, and
with our own colonies in Oregon to lopk after, we
have not a steamer calculated for cruising in the
Pacific, or keeping up the communication between
the occupied points on our western coast and the
home department. Not one, sir; not one. Twenty
thousand American vessels traversing the waters,
countless millions of property afloat in various
quarteis of the globe, and dependant all on British
enterprise and British courtesy for every letter that
passes between its owners and their agents ! Look
at the city which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent. What was the condition of New York and its
environs when we were last menaced with hostilities
with Great Britain; half a million of people, sir,
and three hundred millions of property, liable at
prompt notice to be descended upon by a hundred
armed and efficient war steamers of Great Britain,
half a score of which, under the command of a Paul
Jones, could have laid that city under contributions
and in ashes, in spite of all its present defences. We
have nothing, literally nothing, to oppose to these
formidable instruments of destruction. Thousands
of gallant men, with the ordinary arms, and with the
common field artillery, could have availed nothing
against such a force, for such a force can select its
own time and its own position for attack. Sir, is
it wise, is it right, that this great commercial city
should longer continue thus exposed to the mercy
of an enemy? Give her some means of defence^
capable of coping with the destructive steamers and
missiles of modern science; give her war steamers,
constructed after the specifications of our Naval
Committee, and Paixhan guns. With these arms,
and her own brave citizens to look after them, they
can defend the city and harbor against all the navies
of the world; but without them, she falls an easy
prey to any well-conducted enterprise. Sir, the
whole conntry is interested in the security and de-
fence of that point. Produce and manufactures
from all sections of the country, in which the
East, North, South, and West, are alike interested,
form a large portion of its accumulated wealth. Im-
portations concentrating there, to be distributed hy
canals and by railroads to the remotest points of the
interior, form another lar^e portion. Every sec-
tion of country—the smallest village this side of the
Rocky Mountains—has interests there, to protect
which, the expenditure of one million or of five
millions of dollars in the increase of our efficient
navy, would amount comparatively to nothing.
But when we look to the protection of the whole
Atlantic frontier—of the combined millions of prop-
erty on the sea, in the ports of Boston, Philadel-
phia, Baltimore, Charleston, Savannah, Mobile,
New Orleans, as well as New York—is it not dis-
graceful to us as a nation, that we are so weak, so
destitute, so utterly unprovided in this arm of de-
fence, which modern science has rendered so effi-
cient, and which the policy of other nations render
so indispensable to our own ?
Mr. Chairman, I am aware that the genius of our
institutions is pacific, but the disposition of our
people is martial—I should say, perhaps, the dis-
position of our Government, rather than our peo-
ple. Our motto in respect to our intercourse with
other nations is, "ask nothing but what is right,
and submit to nothing that is wrong;" but it strikes
me that our practice on this point is rather rigid and
absolute. We take our own views of things, select
our own boundaries, and then determine to adhere
to that view and those bounds, right or wrong—
submitting to no interference from any quarter,
nor to any arbitration of friendly nations. I am
not opposed to this position; but a nation which
assumes it should be prepared to defend herself at
all points, and to succor and protect her citizens
in all quarters. ■
Let us be admonished by late events—let us
seriously consider that the very means adopted by ;
President Polk for the preservation of peace have
plunged us into a war with Mexico ! And what is
to prevent some future President, who shall venture
to assume the like power and responsibility, from :
committing a similar mistake, and thereby involve ;
the country as suddenly in hostilities with a more j
formidable enemy? i
By the agency of her contract mail-steamers, |
Great Britain is now monopolizing the sea post- i
ages and the passage money of the world. The I
Cunard line from Liverpool to Boston, and the |
Cunard line from Liverpool to New York—sus- :
tained by the wise policy of the British Government 1
—by the advance of just about the sum they are
reimbursed in postage—will take millions annually
out of American pockets in the shape of freights,
postages, and passage money. The French Gov-
ernment, I see by late advices, have resolved to
enter this field also with Great Britain, and have
contracted for a line of four steamers between Havre
and New York. With these lines thus sustained,
private commercial enterprise cannot compete. But
a proposition has been made to our Government
by a party competent to carry out his engagements,
to build at their own expense five steamships of
2,000 tons and 1,000 horse power each, and to run
them for less than Great Britain now pays for four
steamers of inferior burden and power, or the an-
nual sum of $385,000. Three-fouithsofthatamount
our Government would receive back in postages;
but suppose she received only one-half, she would
then be in effect keeping in commission five first-
class steamers, always ready for the public service,
at a cost of less than #40,000 a year each. , This
furnishes a nursery and school for our young mid-
shipmen and lieutenants, in which they can learn
something of that mighty agent of propulsion, the
steam engine, in the knowledge of which our naval
officers are sadly deficient, because they have no op-
portunity of acquiring it, and far behind those of
England, France-, or Russia. Our younger naval
officers must not be suffered to continue in that de-
vout ignorance of steam, and equally devout attach-
ment to the old machinery of masts and sails, which
mark some of the older members of the service.
We cannot rely upon the winds to propel our ships
of war. That day has gone by. It was the mode
of the last generation, we shall soon say of the last
age. The time has come when our naval officers
must all be engineers, and the introduction of the
science of steam as a branch of naval education
will do much to elevate the character of our naval
service. But years roll on, and our midshipmen
are still, with some very few exceptions, nothing
better than mere sailors. They can be nothing
better, for they have no opportunities of becoming
so. The establishment, therefore, of these mail-
steamers, is all-important, as furnishing a practical
school for our younger officers, in which they may
become good engineers, and relieve the service of
the reproach of ignorance which now necessarily
attaches to it in this respect.
And why should we not forthwith adopt the le-
gislation necessary to establish the proposed line to
Liverpool at least ? The expense must be the only
consideration ; and that expense we must incur in
some shape or other, or abandon the whole system
of naval defences. It is idle to delude ourselves
with the idea that we have a naval force, when we
have only a naval force of a description incapable
of efficient service in the competition with the im-
proved naval force of other countries. In this mat-
ter of economy, as far as the navy is concerned,
Great Britain keeps up her navy at a smaller ex-
pense than any other nation of the earth. She has
countcd the cost of this policy. She has tried the
experiment fairly, and she has now forty war
steamers afloat in the guise of mail steamers, and
she is yearly adding to their number. She has
found it to be the cheapest mode of providing in
peace for the exigencies of war that the wisdom of
her statesmen has ever devised. What consum-
mate policy, to be sure! Two millions a year
levied on American transportation—on American
commerce alone—to sustain the naval power of
Great Britain; and we supinely submitting to the
tax—abandoning to her the steam-carrying trade of
the world ! And wherefore ?
Shall it be said that this Congress was incapable
of understanding this subject, or too illiberal and
penny-wise to act upon it? Shall we leave to the
next Congress the credit and honor of carrying
out this work ? Establish this line we must, some
day or other. Why not do it while American
enterprise is ready to embark in it? Why defer it
till the Havre and Liverpool lines are both in full
operation, and till the American business is so com-
pletely absorbed into Frcnch and English channels,
that competition, even with Government aid and
protection, would be almost hopeless?
Mr. Chairman, the interest I feel in this subject,
and which my constituents feel, is not a local and
selfish interest. It must matter very little to any
individual citizen of New York whether he pays
his postage or passage money to one set of men or
another. But, when these items swell into a large
aggregate, and that aggregate is paid into the coffers
of Great Britain for the maintenance of her navy,
then I feel as a cifizen. what to me as an individual
is a matter of indifference. It then becomes a ques-
tion of patriotism, and, as a question of patriotism,
it divests itself at once of all local and personal con-
siderations, and appeals in no more emphatic lan-
guage to the citizens of New York, than to the
man who dwells on the borders of the great lakes,
or at the southern base of the Alleghames.
Mr. Chairman. 1 go for the country, under any
and all Administrations; and I will go heartily for
all measures which consult the honor and safety of
the Republic, and which, in the eyes of the world,
give respect and dignity to the character of an
American citizen.
