1847.]
APPENDTX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
29th Cong 2d Sess.
The Three Million Bill—Mr. Dickinson.
i . (Senate.
itation nor doubt. The exigency requiring our
action is extraordinary; the responsibility of the
Executive to his country is mighty; the occasion
should be met in a corresponding spirit of patriot-
ism by Congress, and all reasonable facilities
should be afforded for the exercise of a wise and
liberal discretion, in guiding the destinies of this
country in an hour of peril, and in endeavoring to
arrest the further loss of treasure and effusion of
blood. The Constitution has devolved upon him
the duties and the power of negotiation; and he
may well have, and doubtless has, reasons for his
recommendation unknown to us, and which it
would be unwise and unjust to the public interests
to communicate. In short, we are thus advised
by the Committee on Foreign Relations, the con-
stitutional organ of the Executive upon this floor.
While publicity gives health and strength to our
institutions, diffuses and preserves the spirit of
popular freedom, and serves to uphold and beautify
the fabric of social order in our domestic policy,
in our intercourse with foreign Governments,
whose relations are hostile, it proves an element
of weakness. Central and executive governments
confine their foreign policy within the circle of the
cabinet, and strike before the warning is given;
while ours is publicly debated in Congress, and
spread broadcast throughout the world. This
being an Executive recommendation, designed to
aid in biinging this war to a happy termination, if
granted, should be in the form and for the purpose
recommended, unless some strong and controlling
reasons can be urged against it. If we doubt the
propriety of making the appropriation, let us so
declare, and meet the question frankly and directly,
by withholding it. But let it not be so fettered
and restricted by amendments, as to destroy the
objects it was intended to answer, or be strangled
with provisoes, which can as well, and with more
propriety, be passed separately. Upon this qaes~-fr
tion there are, in fact, but two sides—one in sup-
port, and the other in effect, however good in de-
sign, is opposition. And it is to be deeply regret-
ted, that while we are legislating for the termination
of a bloody and expensive war, by placing a sum
of money at the Executive discretion, for the pur-
pose of negotiating a peace, we are again required
in advance to pass upon the domestic regulation of
any territory, which may, perchance, be purchased
by the money we are about to appropriate. The
amendment or " proviso," as now offered, is as
follows:
Proi ided, further, That there shall be neither slavery
nor involuntary servitude in any territory on the continent
of America which shall heteafter be acquired by or annexed
to the United States by virtue of this appropriation, or in any
other manner whalevei, except foi crimes whereof the party
shall have been duly convicted: Prowled, aluays, That
everv person escaping into such terntory from whom labor
or seivice is lawfully claimed in any one of the United (
States, such fugitive may he lawfully claimed and conveyed j
out of said territory to the parson claiming his or her labor 1
or scrvice."
As though it were not enough to legislate for the
government of such territory as may be procured
under and by virtue of this appropriation, if any
shall be—which of course rests in uncertainty—
this amendment, forsooth, provides for the domes-
tic regulation of " any territory on the continent
of America which shall hereafter be acquired by or
annexed to the United States in any other manner
whatever." And thus this wholesome and pacific
measure must again be subjected to delay and the
hazards of defeat—the war must be prosecuted
afresh with iis engines of destruction, or abandon-
ed by a craven and disgraceful retreat, one cam-
paign after another be lost, while the wily a.nd
treacherous foe and his natural ally, the vomito
territory, and the terms shall be stipulated, and a
treaty be made between the two Governments, and
ratified by both, and the territory be organized by
the legislation of Congress; what adequate enco-
miums shall she lavish upon that more comprehen-
sive philanthropy, and profound statesmanship,
which, in a bill designed to terminate a bloody and
protracted war, raging in the heart of an enemy's
country, casts into the discussion this apple of
domestic discord, under the pretence of extending
the benevolent aegis of freedom over any territory
which may at any time, or in any manner, or upon
any part of the continent, be acquired by the Uni-
ted States !
It is no justification for the introduction of this
element of strife and controversy at this time and
upon tHis occasion, that it is abstractly just and
proper, and that the southern States should take
no exception to its provisions. All knew the
smouldering materials which the introduction of
this topic would ignite; the sectional strife and
local bitterness which would follow in its train;
all had seen and read its fatal history at the last
session, and knew too well what controversies, de-
lays, and vexations must hang over it—what crimi-
nation and recrimination would attend upon its
toilsome and precarious progress, and what hazard
would wait upon the result; how it would array
man against man, State against State, section
against section, the South against the North, and
the North against the South; and what must be
not only its direct and positive mischiefs, but how
its disorganizing and pernicious influences must be
extended to other measures necessary to sustain
the arm of Government. This bill not only suf-
fered defeat at the last session, but has been sub-
jected to the delays, hazards, and buffeting of this,
by reason of this misplaced proviso. Upon it, the
very antipodes of agitation have met, and mingled
tending to circumscribe the limits of slavery, is
made the occasion for the presentation of declara-
tory resolves in its favor, and the bill becomes, as
if by mutual appointment, the common battle-
ground of abstract antagonisms; each theoretic
agitation is indebted to the other for existence, and
each subsists alone upon the aliment provided
ready to its hand by its hostile purveyor. The
votaries of opposing systems seem to have drawn
hither to kindle their respective altar fires, and to
vie with each other in their efforts to determine who
shall cause the smoke of their incense to ascend
the highest. Both are assailing the same edifice
from different angles, and for alleged opposing
reasons; both declare that their support of the bill
depends upon the contingency of the amendment;
and the efforts of both unite ill a common result,
and that is procrastination.and the hazard of de-
feat. The common enemy is overlooked and al-
most forgotten, that we may glare upon each
other over a side-bar issue, and revive the slumber-
ing elements of controversy, in proposing to pre-
scribe domestic regulation for the government of
territory which we have some expectation we may
at some time, in some manner, upon some part of
the continent, from some government 01- people,
and upon some terms, procure. This exciting
and troublesome question has no necessary con-
nexion with this bill, and if, indeed, it can ever
have any practical operation whatever, it would
certainly be equally operative if passed separately.
It cannot nor ought it to be concealed that there
; exists in some quarters a strong desire to embarrass
the Administration in the prosecution of this war.
; Some, to that end, have taken open and decided
I ground, denouncing it as wicked, unjust, and
are preying upon the brave hearts of our patriotic unconstitntional-the offspring of rapine and ra-
goWiery-tliat we may legislate not merely for the pacuy-and sympath,zing with 'wha tthey aie
do, nesuc government of Mexican territory, hi the I pleased to ter;m a sisiter"P b^, °
expectation that we may hereafter obtain it, but / proposed and insisted u^n^mendmenw Md^pro
that we may erect burners to prevent the sugar
manufacturer and cotton planter oi the South from jl
extending his plantation and his slavery towards ■;
the polar regions. If, then, the popular judgment jj
shall commend that pioneer benevolence which i
seeks to provide for the government of terntory i;
which, though its acquisition "yet sleeps in the i-
wide abyss of possibility," may be acquired by :[
this proposed negotiation, if the appropriation
visoes to measures obviously just, which, all must
have seen, could produce nothing but embarrass-
ment and confusion, if not defeat. And, in the
other House, it was proposed to append this very
amendment to a bill designed to raise money to
feed and clothe our brave army in Mexico. "Why}
I ask—and why, will the country repeat—this per-
tinacity to ingraft this "proviso" upon some meas-
ure relating to this war? It is made general in its
is to operate through all time, and
shall be made, and a negotiation opened, and the jj application, is to operate through ^ ^
President shall propose to accept for indemnity j, throughout the con ment, and uj"™™
and the Mexican Government to cede a portion of I temtoiy to q y D
yet not one among its numerous and zealous friends
have proposed it, except as a rider to some meas-
ure connected with the war. And were I _j]Qt
assured that the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Up-
ham,] who now insists upon connecting this dis-
turbing question with this bill, does so from what
he regards a duty, being, as he is understood to be,
its opponent under any circumstances, I should be
ready to exelMm, " an enemy hath done this!"
But, suppose'we do not, after all, as we well
may not, obtain by negotiation any portion of
Mexican territory, what a sublime spectacle of
legislation will a clause like this present to the
world! It will stand on the pages of the statute
as an act of the American Congress, designed to
regulate the government of Mexican territory,
but whose operation was suspended by the inter-
position of the Mexican veto! A chapter in our
history, to be employed by our enemies as evi-
dence of rapacity—of weakness and depraved mor-
als—a target for the jeers and scoffs of the kingly
governments of the earth, for the derision of
Mexico herself, and the general contempt of man-
kind ! A lapsed legacy to the memory of mis-
placed benevolence and abortive legislation. "We
rightfully boast ourselves a great and powerful
people; but we are only so with energies united.
Our great element of strength is a conesponding
element of weakness, when oar powers are neu-
tralized by the resistance of opposing sections, or
wasted by the ■ chafing of conflicting fragments.
And while our best faculties are directed against
each other and wasted in domestic conflict, Mex-
ico, our treacherous and wily antagonist, whose
hope is vibrating between our intestine divisions,
and her ability to lay her sacrilegious hand upon
her consecrated images, is waiting for us to with-
draw our troops, or fall back upon a defensive
line, or declare the war unjust and unconstitu-
tional', or  t<? _spe,pgr Government go. into bank-
ruptcy, or the Union dissolved, agreeably to the
propositions which have been offered and the
speeches which have been made. And what is
more humiliating, is, that the enemies of popular
freedom throughout the world, are scowling with
malignant gratification, to see this great nation
unable to prosecute a war against a crippled and
comparatively feeble enemy, without placing in
the foreground of its measures this pregnant ele-
ment of domestic controversy, which the world
sees and knows is the canker which gnaws at the
root of our domestic peace; and when it is known
that, from this cause especially, we have practi-
cally proved our inability to unite in the prosecu-
tion of a war, or to provide measures to establish
peace, we shall be regarded as a fit object for in-
sult and contumely, and be laughed to scorn by
the despicable Government with which we are at
strife, and which we have hesitated to strike, be-
cause of her imbecility and weakness.
If we obtain any portion of the Mexican terri-
tory, it must be done by conquest or by conven-
tional arrangement. Although we have already
conquered more than half the area of that republic,
and now hold it by military possession, we hold
it thus as well for our own defence and indemnity
as to compel her to negotiate for peace, and have
no jurisdiction over it, except that of military rule.
Should California or any other portion be ceded
to us in a treaty of peace, it would still require the
legislation of Congress to provide for its territo-
rial government; and upon that occasion, should
the contingency happen, we can legislate for frui-
tion, and not for hope. I have not partaken of the
excitement which has prevailed here, and shall not.
I have no gloomy foreboding over the dissolution
of the Union. Politicians,could not dissolve it if
they would, and would not if they could. It will
live on, long after we are all laid in the dust, and
pillar after pillar shall strengthen and adorn the
edifice, while others—the'venerableand gray head-
ed, who are yet unborn—shall occupy these seats,
and these walls echo to their voices. I would not
have added one single word upon the subject of
slavery, but it is due to the occasion that my views
upon it should be fully understood. So far as I
am advised or believe, the great mass of the people
of the North entertain but one opinion upon the
i subject, and that is the same which is entertained
j by many at the South. They regard the jnstitu-
j tion as a great moral and political evil, fend would
1 that it had 110 existence. They are not unaware
