446
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
29th Cong 2d Sess.
Military Appropriation Bill—Mr. Ashmun.
Ho. of Reps.
of the difficulties which beset it, and do riot intend
to provoke sectional jealousy and hatred by ill-
timed and misplaced discussions. They will not
listen to the cry of the fanatic, or favor the designs
of the political schemer from the North or the
South; nor will they ever disturb or trench upon
the compromises of the Constitution. They be-
lieve the institution to be local and domestic—to
be established or abolished by the States them-
selves,- and alone subject to their control, and
that Federal legislation can have little influence
over it. But being thus the institution of a lo-
cal sovereignty, and a franchise peculiar to itself,
they deny that such sovereignty or its people can
justly claim the right to regard it as transitory, and
to erect it in the territories of the United States
without the authority of Congress, and they believe
that Congress may prohibit its introduction into
the territories while they remain such. And fur-
ther, that its prohibition in the territories will, by
giving them a free population, as they become
States, tend " to form a more perfect Union, estab-
* iish justice, ensure domestic tranquillity, provide
' for the common defence, promote the general wel-
1 fare, and secure the blessings of liberty to our-
' selves and our posterity." ""They have not re-
sisted the admission of slave States, because they
were so inhabited; and holding the numerical power
in both Houses of Congress, the slave States have
increased nearly three-fold. But believing that it
is for the " general welfare"—for the benefit of all
the States, and not for any part of them, that free
territory should remain so, and that it is the legit-
imate subject of legislation—they desire, without
intending to disturb existing rights, at all proper
times, to discuss, in that spirit becoming brethren
ofacommon household, the influences its extension
is calculated to exert upon the human race and the
destinies of the country. And they doubt not, that
if, upon the whole, it shall appear that the heaven-
born principles for which this Union was formed
will be best promoted by sueh prohibition, that
those who believe their pecuniary interests or po-
litical relations will be thereby prejudiced, will
yield, in a becoming spirit, interests so compara-
tively trivial, to "promote the general welfare."
Slavery is slowly and silently rolling its dark wave
towards a tropical sun, and trod grant that, in His
own good time, its subjects may there find happy
institutions, as well as a congenial clime.
But this question is too momentous and exciting
to mingle with our foreign policy at any time, and
much more at this time, when our army is in the
midst of an enemy's country, and that enemy
murderous, lawless, and irresponsible—when our
policy is lamentably divided, and when we- have
abundant elements of discord, without pressing
this one into our service. Believing that this, and
every question of a kindred character, is calculated
to embarrass the Administration m the prosecution
of the war and in obtaining peace—to defeat or
render valueless the measures recommended—to
airay one section m feeling against another, instead
of all against a common enemy—I shall, by my
vote and voice, favor and support the recommend-
ation of the President, holding him responsible
for a wise exercise of his discretion, and oppose
and vote against any and every amendment calcu-
lated to embarrass its passage, or to render its
operation nugatory. And this bill, as it came from
the committee, being free of all extraneous ques-
tions, I shall not vote to insert them. And, for
one, 1 shall look with distrust upon any and all
amendments and "provisoes," which, wherever
they may emanate, are hailed with so much joy
by those who oppose the bill, the Administiati'on,
and the prosecution of the war. The State I have
the honor m part to represent, has considered the
subject of this war, and spoken concerning it in
her sovereign voice, by certain joint resojutions
which are now upon your table. She has spoken
in a language of patriotic pride becoming the first
State in the Union upon an occasion so prolific of
results, and replete with interest. We are again
reminded that m a time of fearful peril she raised
her own strong arm in aid of the Confederacy, and
we may read in her elevated and emphatic tone
an earnest of her future action. Her resolutions
are as follows:
'tResalvnl, (if the Assembly concur,) That as war now
eKists between the United States and Mexico, it is the im-
peranve duly ot eveiy citizen of this country to suVtafn te
Government in all proper measures for the prosecution of
the war, in such a manner as our national honor and inter-
ests demand, until it shall be terminated by an honorable
peace.
" Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That no peace with
Mexico can be regarded as honorable to the United Statf-s
which shall not secure fiom that republic full indemnity for
the aggressions which it has committed upon the rights of
tins country and of its citizens.
Resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That if any territory is
hereafter acquired by the United States, or annexed thereto,
the act by which such territory is acquired or annexed,
whatever such act may be, should contain an unalterable
fundampTital article or provision whereby slavery or invol-
untary servitude, except as a punishment for crime,shall be
forever excluded from the territory acquired or annexed.
" Resolved, (it the Assembly concur,) That the Senators
in Congress fiom this State be mstiucted, and that the Rep-
resentatives in Congress from tins State he requested,to u*e
their best efforts to carrv into effect the views expiessed m
the foregoing resolutions."
By these resolutions we are instructed to use
our best efforts to carry out the views expressed
therein, and not merely the sentiments expressed
in any one but in all. But the best mode of attain-
ing the end seems to have been left for the exercise
of our own discretion. The resolution touching
the acquisition of territory has been understood by
some to instruct us to vote in this bill for this
amendment, somewhat familiarly known as the
Wilmot proviso." I have read and considered
it in connexion with those'which precede it with
much care, and neither so read or so understand it.
In this I regret to add that I am compelled to differ
from my honorable colleague, [Mr. Dix,] but do
so with that kindness and respect which becomes
our respective positions and which has long- char-
acterized our personal and official intercourse.
The construction which I have given to these res-
olutions leaves each and every one of them opera-
tive and consistent one with another. It is this:
First support the Government in its reasonable
measures until peace shall be obtained, and m that
treaty of peace procure indemnity for aggression.
If territory is acquired or annexed by the negotia-
tion or in any other mode, in the act by which it
is acquired and subjected to our jurisdiction, insert
a provision prohibiting slavery therein. I will
not do that learned and intelligent body which
framed and passed these resolutions the injustice
to believe that they regarded an appropriation for
the purpose of negotiating a peace, even though
territory might subsequently be acquired by the
negotiation, an "act by which territory is ac-
quired;" that they either expected or desired that
an " unalterable fundamental article or provision"'
would be appended to an appropriation bill, or
that they intended to mingle our domestic and our
foreign policy, by ingrafting upon a bill to raise
money for negotiation a clause for the domestic
regulation of territory yet belonging to a foreign and
j hostile Power. The territory supposed to be that
contemplated by all is California, which is now free;
and if it is obtained by us, it will be free until it is
incorporated by us, and cannot become slave ter-
ritory without the legislation of Congress; and in
and by such legislation, a fundamental article pro-
hibiting slavery can properly be inserted. Such
provision might, to be sure, be stipulated in a
treaty of cession; but as it would scarcely become
the .sovereignty of the United States, or of any
single State, to permit a foreign power to interfere
in our domestic affairs, no one, it is presumed,
would desire to have it thus inserted, and make
Mexico a party, and enable her to control it in fu-
ture This resolution, then, instructs us that when
any territory shall be brought within our jurisdic-
tion by the act of Congress—whatever that act
may be—to insert in such an act a fundamental
clause prohibiting slavery, (and so I am ready to
vote, instructed or munstructed,) but. not to insert
it in an appropriation bill, designed to facilitate ne-
gotiations for a peace, before the negotiation has even
commenced The resolution of instruction looks to
any other acquisition, as well as that contemplated
by this negotiation. The" Wilmot proviso'' gained
a "local habitation and a name" at the late session,
and was before th« other House when the resolu-
tions were adopted; and, if it had been intended to
instruct us to insert that, either in an army bill, or
a bill to aid negotiation, the instruction would have
been specific, and language would doubtless have
been employed both plain and unequivocal. We
are instructed to exact indemnity, too ; but no one
can suppose the Legislature intended we should in-
sist that a "proviso" for such exaction should be
inserted in a bill designed to facilitate negotiation.
Believing that the course above indicated, will best
consult the proprieties of the occasion, and the
more strictly conform to my legislative instructions
—in the prosecution of the war—in exacting indem-
nity—and in the domestic regulation of acquired ter-
ritory—I shall act accordingly. But if I could have
doubted what was the fair construction of these
resolutions, I should have remembered that they
emanated -from that great State which, in all that
concerns the interests and honor of its country, is
animated by the spirit of the lamented Tompkins:
from the representatives of a people who will
present no impediments to a vigorous and thorough
prosecution of the war who will justify their Sen-
ators in the exercise of a just discretion, in sustain-
ing the government "in all proper measures," and
who will demand that the black and bitter waters
of domestic agitation be not, under any pretence,
unnecessarily mingled with matters which deeply
concern our external condition, and may produce
results which will, in an evil moment, dim the
lustre which has been shed upon our name.
MILITARY APPROPRIATION BILL.
REMARKS OF MR. ASHMUN,
of massachusetts?
In the House of Representatives,
March 3, 1847.
The report having been made in the House of Rep-
resentatives from the Committee of Conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon amendments to the Military Appropriation
Bill-
Mr. ASHMTJN said, that as he understood the
report of the committee of conference, (with which
it was proposed that the House should now con-
cur,) it was, that the Senate should recede from its
dissent to the project of appointing a lieutenant
general. The House had put a clause in the bill
impowering the President to put a new man, a
newly-created general officer, a military commander
created for political purposes, over the heads of all
our brave generals in the field—men who had by
their bravery not only won for themselves an im-
mortality of fame, but who had elevated the char-
acter and military glory of the country in the eyes
of foreign nations and of the world. This was the
only important point in the differences between the
two Houses; the rest were mere trifles in compar-
ison, mere make-weights, thrown into the scale to
secure this principal point. It seemed to be a
matter in the highest degree desirable to the Ad-
ministration to put over the heads of Scott and
Taylor a new man, the creature of the Executive,
selected either from the Halls of Congress, or from
among the inferior officers of the army, and that
was the purpose and aim of this recommendation
of the committee of conference. Before such an
iniquity was accomplished, Mr. A. wanted the
House to understand distinctly what they were
going to do. At this lite hour, in the expiring
moments of a Congress, gentlemen were called on
thus, by a vote of concurrence, to acquiesce in a
measure which had three several times been thrust
upon the House, and thiee several times killed by
emphatic votes of rejection. This deformed corpse,
thrice dead, had now been once more galvanized
into life, and it had been distinctly announced in
very high quarters, that the Administration had pa-
tronage enough still to get it through both Houses.
And did they calculate without reason on such a
result? What had operated to changc the views of
the Military Committee in regard to this thing?
When it had first been presented to them, they
had at once, and with a single exception, unani-
mously reported that it was inexpedient to make
such an appointment. What, Mr. A. again asked,
had changed their views? Surely some very co-
gent arguments must have been addressed to them.
Mr. A. m£ant to charge nothing improper; btut it
might be a somewhat interesting inquiry whether
none of the gentlemen placed on that committee
had not received, or did not expect to receive, a
military appointment under the Government? Mr.
A. imputed nothing of an offensive kind to any-
body: the committee, it seemed, had changed their
minds—that "was all.
Mr. CARROLL (a member of the Military Com-
