1847.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
'29th Cong 2d Sess.
Military Appropriation Bill—Mr. Ashmun.
Ho of Reps.
mittee) here obtained leave to explain, and rose to
say, that there was at least a portion of the com-
mittee who were as much opposed to the proposal
now as ever they had been. TheyVere still op-
posed to giving aid and comfort to the enemy by
the appointment of men to the chief command of
the army who were incompetent to the station;
they desired now, as they always had desired, to
see such a post occupied by men of professional
experience and military skill.
Mr. ASHMUN resumed. He had no ground
to charge any individual member with having thus
been influenced, since the very extraordinary man-
ner in which some gentlemen had suddenly changed
their opinion in regard to this matter of a lieuten-
ant general. He did not certainly know that any
member so situated had received a nomination; but
he did know, that ever since the passage of the ten
regiment bill, which put into the hands of the Ex-
ecutive so large an amount of patronage, the effect
of that patronage had been very obviously felt in
that House; and he further knew, that this very ;
day two members of that House had received
nominations to places of very high trust and im-
portance.
[Voices: " Who are they ? Names, names."]
[A good deal of sensation was manifested in the
House, and the conversation became very loud.]
Mr. A. proceeded. They had had some very
interesting questions raised here, which touched !
on sectional interests and feelings; and the breasts 1
of Representatives from the free States had been
thrilled by declarations of gentlemen from the
South, that on the settlement of those questions in !
a particular way the very existence of the Union j
depended; and they had seen members here desert-
ing the interests of the free States on these ques-
tions.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina: " Name them.
Who are they ?"
Air. ASHMUN said he had no objection to
name them, for he never would be found saying
indirectly what he was unwilling to say directly.
A member from Pennsylvania opposite [Mr. C. J.
Ingersoli.] had received the nomination, as he un-
derstood, of mmbter to Prance.
[Much sensation.]
Mr. BAYLY here rose and inquired whether that
member had advanced any |opinions, during the
present session, in regard to slavery, which he had :
not always entertained and uniformly expressed ? j
Mr. ASHMUN admitted that on the subject of j
slavery the gentleman had been uniformly subser-
vient to the views of the South.
Here Mr. C. J. 1NGERS0LL, under very great
excitement, rose from his seat on the opposite side
of the Hall, and, crossing over with rather hasty
steps, approached Mr. A.'s seat, exclaiming, " Do
you say I have been subservient? When? Where?
In what have I been subservient
The CHAIR called Mr. Ingersoll to order.
There was much sensation in the House. Sev-
eral gentlemen left their seats; others called to
order; and after a few minutes Mr. Ingep.soll
returned to the other side of the Hah.
Mr. BAYLY resumed. He would ask tne gen-
tleman to specify one vote which had been given
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania this session
which was not in strict conformity with his uni-
form and well-known sentiments and'principles.
Mr. ASHMUN said he had listened with great
respect to the gentleman from Virginia, and would
now  
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, called on Mr.
Ashmun* to say whether any other members of the
House had received nominations, in consequence
of which they had changed their sentiments.
Mr. ASHMUN, without noticing this interrog-
atory, went on to say that he had been called on
by the gentleman from Virginia Wer the way [Mr.
Bayly! to say whether the member from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. C. J. Is-gkrsoli.] had recently given
any votes inconsistent with his previously avowed
opinions. In reply he would say that he did no
know that he had on the subject of slaveiy. Oil
that subject he bad uniformly expressed opinions
which went to sustain the interests of slavery. As
he understood from the history of that gentleman s
public life, he had uniformly been ill favor ol sus-
taining the slave power in this Government, (adn
perhaps the gentleman from Virginia might tlunK
that that was the best thing he was doing in Con-
.). [A laugh.] If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had no other merit than that, Mr. A.
would leave him to the judgment of the country.
He had not come here to raise a storm as to the
merits of that individual or of any other.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, reminded the
House that Mr. A. had referred to other individu-
als as having been influenced by nominations.
The_ CHAIR called to order.
Mr. SIMS. Let the members he alluded to be
named.
The CHAIR again insisted on the preservation
of order.
Mr. BAYLY. Does the Chair rule, it to be out,
of order for one member to propound an inquiry to
another member who is addressing the House,
when tfie latter expresses a willingness that the
question should be put, and is willing to -answer
it?
The CHAIR replied that these repeated inter-
ruptions and personal conversations were all out
of order.
Mr. ASHMUN said he had no objections that
gentlemen should put their inquiries to him, if it
was done in a proper manner.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, said it was due
as well to the gentlemen referred to, whoever they
might be, as to others, that, as allusion had been
publicly made to them, they should as publicly be
named.
Mr. ASHMUN said that he believed he was
not mistaken as to the object of the gentleman
from South Carolina. That gentleman liad refer-
ence, probably, to a military nomination. Mr.
! A. would here, with all willingness and freedom,
I say, that a more honorable and independent mem-
ber was not to be found in that Hall than the gen-
tleman who had this day received a nomination to
a distinguished military position: nor did he be-
hn'liiecrr
in the slightest degree influenced by that circum-
stance. Mr. A. never had had the pleasure per-
sonally to know the gentleman from Kentucky to
whom he alluded, [understood to be Mr. Tib-
batts,] but had observed his deportment here to
be marked by uniform personal courtesy, no less
than by political independence. And Mr. A. had
alludeci to the nomination, not as implying any-
I thing injurious or discreditable to that gentleman,
' but merely on general grounds as one instance of
! a most pernicious practice, by which the influence
j of the Executive could be brought to bear with
! dangerous power upon the Houses of Congress,
j Mr. A. went on to say that he had been ques-
I tioned by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bay-
! ly] in a Very pointed manner. Nor did he wonder
| that that gentleman, coming as he did from a slave
i State, should be somewhat sensitive on such a
I subject. In reply to the gentleman's queries, he
| had replied that he believed the nominee to France
i had been uniform for the last two years (and he
did not go beyond that period of time) on the sub-
! ject of slavery. But the gentleman's query had
1 covered much more ground. It had been general.
! He had asked Mr A. whether that individual had
evinced a change in any sentiments on public mat-
ters which he had previously maintained. Mr.
A. would now say that he had. There had been
in that House, as all the country knew, a discus-
sion in regard to the true boundaries of Texas
at the time when her annexation was pioposed.
When the present nominee to France made his
speech on that subject on that floor he had an-
nounced to the world that the vast desert lying
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande had
been interposed by the hand of the Almighty
himself to form a barrier between the Anglo-
Saxon and the Spanisljjfcces; and that which-
ever of them should em attempt to pass it,
would thereby inevitably bring on a war. That
same opinion of his was imbodied in his official
report as chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. There it stood. It was of record. It
could neither be blotted out, or talked out, or
sworn out. Yet now, that same person had de-
clared recently, in the face of this House and of
the world, that the Rio Grande itself (and not the
desert on this side of it) was the true boundary of
Texas. That this had been fixed as the boundary
by the hand of God, and that Mr. Polk would
justly have subjected himself to impeachment had
he stopped short of it. Thus it seemed that the
Almighty had planted both, and, though they
were at a vast distance from each other, each of
them was the true and only line of boundary.
He would reply to the gentleman from Virginia,
that here was a change, and a notable changc, of
sentiment on the part of this nominee. Here
stood his two different, inconsistent, incompatible
opinions, both delivered to the House; and let it
be remembered, too, that these were the very
opinions (he meant the individual's last and new
doctrine) which led to the present war. In hia
report, made in August last, he stated that the
Rio Bravo was the true limit to which we had a
right to extend our military occupation of Texas,
and that if the President had stopped short of it
he would have subjected himself to impeachment;
while, in 1845, this same individual had declared
that whoever presumed to cross the desert far on
this side of it, would provoke a war; and further,
that never would this Government pass beyond it
until Congress should be seized with an inordinate
lust of dominion. Was the gentleman from Vir-
ginia answered now? [Mr. Bayly said not a
word.] Was the country likely to believe that
the nomination to the Court of France had been
the consequence of this subserviency ? Mr. A.
did not say that they would. He had his own
opinion as to that matter.
The point he had set out with was this: that
that House had voted over and over that it would
not consent to the appointment of a lieutenant gen-
eral, but it had once more been inserted in the bill,
and the committee of conference recommended that
the Senate should recede from its dissent to the
measure, and suffer the bill to pass with this fea-
ture in it. It seemed to him extraordinary that
the conferees on the part of the Senate should ac-
I cede to such a report. Mr. A. did not undertake
to arraign the conduct of the Senate, or of its pre-
siding officer, (who, he beheved, had appointed the
Senate's portion of the committee,) but it was cer-
tainly very extraordinary that the Senate should
first take the ground that no new-made politico-
military officer should override Taylor and Scott,
and then, after smothering theWiimot proviso,
and the adoption of the ten regiment bill, should
have now recommended, by a committee on then-
part, that that ground should be abandoned. But,
whatever might be the recommendation of a com-
mittee of conference, the Senate, as a body, had
the power ot' holding on to the position it had
taken. And now, once more, the watchword of
the lovers of the country was, " Look to the Sen-
ate !" He trusted that dignified body would stick
to its integrity, and that the progress of corruption
would be stayed.
Mr. A. said that the effect of Executive influ-
ence in that Hall had been anticipated and predicted
when the ten regiment bill was about to pass: and
in that apprehension the Committee of the Whole
had inserted a provision in the bill that no member
of Congress should be appointed to the commands
created', and the House had sustained the commit-
tee. But then came the jugglery; and, since then,
all the projects of the Administration (with the
j exception of the tea and coffee tax—and what had
I become of that he did not know; he presumed it
i was coming up again some tune between this and
' midnight) had been carried under the potential in-
fluence of the ten regiment, bill.
Such was the resistless power of Executive pa-
tronage. And so well was this understood and
counted on, that it had been declared without dis-
guise, after the rejection of the Wilmot proviso in
the Senate, that they would carry the three million
bill in this House wifhout the proviso; and the
event had proved that they were right. After the
decisive vote by which that proviso had been in
serted, the country had seen the surprising speeta"
cle of its subsequent rejection by a majority of free
votes. The free States, with their majority on this
floor, had flattered themselves that they were safe;
but they little knew the strength of Executive in-
fluence; they little dreamed that among their own
Representatives therewould be faltering on such a
question. Within one short week that same Wil-
mot proviso had been passed by a majoiity of nine
votes and then rejected by a majority of seven !
i This was, to simple men at a distance, a Iegisla-
I tive miracle; but the question was gone; it was
j forever beyond their reach; and now it was plain
I we were to have annexation and slavery with it.
