PROSPECTUS FOR THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE AND APPENDIX.
These works have been published by us for five years.
There are now more subscribers for them, probably, than for
any other paper published in the United States; certainly
more than there are for any other paper published in this
District. This large and increasing subscription is con-
clusive evidence of their usefulness. They are invaluable to
all who feel an interest in the proceedings of Congress. No
other publication gives them so full, nor half so cheap. It is,
indeed, the cheapest publication in the United States—per-
haps in the world. Our position at the seat of Government
enables us to print them at so low a rate. We are compelled
to publish the proceedings of Congress in detail, for our daily
paper. This done, it requires, comparatively, but a small
additional expense to change them to the forms of the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix, If it were not for these
circumstances, we could not publish them for four times the
sum charged.
The Congressional Globe is made up of the daily pro-
ceedings of the two houses of Congress, and the speeches of
the members, condensed. The yeas and nays on all impor-
tant subjects are given. It is published weekly, with small
type, on sixteen royal quarto pages.
The Appendix contains the speeches of the members, at
full length, written out by themselves, and is printed in the
same form as the Congressional Globe. It is published as
fast as the speeches can be prepared. Usually there are more
numbers printed for a session than there are weeks in it.
Each of these works is complete in itself. But it is de-
sirable for every ¡subscriber to have both; because, if there
should be any ambiguity in the synopsis of a speech in the
Congressional Globe, or any denial of its correctness, it may
be removed, at once, by referring to the speech in the Ap-
pendix.
Indexes to both are sent to subscribers, as soon as they can
be prepared.
The late session of Congress being a very important one,
we printed about five thousand extra copies of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix, calculating upon being able to
dispose of them to persons who are not regular subscribers.
The former ma'ces 150, and the latter upwards of 200,
royal quarto pages. As the main subject proposed at that
session—the separation of Bank and State—has been post-
poned until the next session, they will be useful, we may say
necessary, for those who subscribe for the next session ; and
we shall therefore reserve them for those subscribers who
desire them, and shall first.subscribe for them. Though not
so voluminous as the proceedings of ordinary sessions, the
important subjects discussdd will render these volumes not
less valuable than any which have been, or which may here-
after be, printed. Every subscriber for the next session, who
intends to file the papers, should procure copies of the last.
TERMS.
For the Congressional Globe for the session which com-
menced on the 4th September, ] 837         -           -   $1 00
For the Appendix for the same session      -           -      1 00
For the Congressional Globe for the session which
is to commence on the 4th day of December next 1 00
For the Appendix for the same session      -                  1 00
Any person sending us the money for five copies of either
of the above publications, will be entitled to a copy.
Payments may be transmitted by mail, postage paid, at
our risk. The notes of any incorporated bank in the United
States, current in the section of country where a subscriber
resides, will be received. But when subscribers can procure
the notes of banks in the Northern and Middle States, they
will please send them.
To ensure all the numbers, the subscriptions should be
here by the 11th of December next.
H3=  No attention will be paid to any order, unless the
money accompany it, or unless some responsible person,
known to us to be so, shall agree to pay it before the session
expires.
BLAIR & RIV ES
Washington Citt, Nov. 8, 1837.
