CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%
the Department to continue to perform this branch
of the publ.c service, without any mateiidl addition
eithei   to their number cr to  the present expense.
The  extent  of the  business tc be transacted has
aire ad j' been stated ; and in icspect to the amount
of money with which the c rficers emploj'ed would be
entrusted at any one time, it appears that, assuming
a ba'ance of five millions to be at all times kept in
the Treasury, ami the whole of it left in the hands
cf the coheciors and receivers, the proportion of
each would not exceed an average of thirty thou-
sand dollars ; but that, deducting one million for
the use of lite mint, and assuming the remaining four
millions to be jn the hands of one-half of the present
number of officers—a supposition   deemed  more
likely I" correspond with the fact—the sum in the
hands of each would still be less than the amount
of mist of the bone's now taken from the receivers
of public money.    Every apprehension, however,
on the subject, ether in respect to the safely of the
money, or the faithful discharge of these fiscal trans-
actions,  may, it  appears to ae,   be effectually
removed by  adding to She present means of the
Treasury the establishment by ¡aw, at a few import-
ant "points, of offices lor the deposite and disburse-
ment of such portions of the public revenue as can-
not, with obvious safety and convenience, be left in
the possession of the collecting officers until paid
over by them to the public creditors.    Neither the
amounts retained in their hands, nor those depo-
sited in the ornees, would, in an ordinary condition
of the revenue, be iaiger m inns' cases than those
often under Ihe e.uiitiei of disbursing officers of the
Army and ISa'-v, a;.u*rmghl be made entirely safe,
by  lequiri"■'.?; s^ic'i s;cc,ritles, and exercising such
controlling supervision, as Congress may by law
prescribe.    The pr.ncir.pl  others whose appoint-
ments would become necessary   under this plan,
taking the largest number suggested by the Secre-
tary  of the T.ea^'uy, would not exceed ten; nor
the additional expenses, at the same estimate, sixty
thousand dollars a year.
There can be no doubt of the obligation of those
who are entrusted with the affairs of Government,
to conduct them with as little cost to the nation as
is consistent with the public interest; and it is for
Congress, and ultimately for the people, to decide
whether 'the benefits to be derived from keeping
our fiscal concerns apart, and severing the connec-
tion which has hitherto existed between the Go-
vernment and banks, offer sufficient advantages to
justify the necessary expenses, if the object to be
accomplished is deemed important to the futme
welfare of the o.mr,Uy. I eatimt allow ravseh to
believe that the addition to the public expenditure
of comparatively so small an amount as will be
necessary to effect it. will be objected to by the
people.
ft will be seen bv the report of the Postmaster
Gencrai, htiewiih communicated, that the fiscal
aff'.trs of that Department have been successfully
conducted since May last upon the principle of
dcalin-' oiilv in ¡he legal currency of the United
Statesraud that it needs no legislation to maintain
its credit, and iacilttate. the management of its con-
cerns; the existing laws being, in the opinion ol
that officer, ample for ¡hose objects.
JXfhcuIties will doubtless be encountered for a
s as'.e" find increased services required from the
pí"l'\c'func;.onaries; such arc usually incident to
the'c'inimenceineniof evciy system, but they will
h= rveatly lessened in the progress of its operations.
i"i'> power and influence supposed to be cou-
necl.''dv''!h the custody and disbursement of the
public money, are topics on which the public mind
iV>-. rnliv and, with great piopnety, peculiarly
señsiü'.-e. ' Much has beta said on them, in refe-
r i-e to the pioposed sepaiation of the Govern-
ment from the banking institutions; and surely no
one can object to any appals or animadversions on
the subject winch aie consistent with facts and
evince a proper respect for the intelligence o the
pet pie. If a Ch.ei Magistrate may be allowed o
Uik for himself, on such a point, I can truly
sav tlun to me nothiag would be more accept-
'•.b>e' than the withdrawal from the Executive,
to the ereatest practicable extent, of all concern
in the custodv and disbursement of the pub-
lie revenue;  not that I would shrink from any
responsibility cast upon me by ¡he duties of my
office, but because it is my firm belief, that its
capacity for usefulness is in no degree promoted
by the possession of any patronage not actually
necessary to the performance of those duties. But
under our present form of Government, the inter-
vention of the Executive officers in the custody and
disbursement of the public money seems to be un-
avoidable; and before it can be admitted that the
influence and power of the Executive would be in-
creased by dispensing with the agency of banks,
the nature of that intervention in such an agency
must be carefully regarded, and a comparison must
be instituted between its extent in the two cases.
The revenue can only be collectd bv officers ap-
pointed by th" President, with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate.    The public moneys, in the fir«t
instance, must, therefore, in all cases, pass through
hands selected by ¡he Executive.     Other offices ap-
pointed in the same way, or, as in some eases, bv
¡he President alone, must also  be entrusted with
them xvhen drawn for the purpose of disbursement.
It is thus seen that, even when banks are employed,
the public funds must twice pass through the hands
of Executive officers.    Besides this, the head of the
Treasury Department, who also holds his office at
the pleasure of the President, and some other offi-
ceis of the same  department, must necessarily be
invested with more or less power in the selection,
continuance, and supervision, of the banks that may
be employed.     The question is then narrowed to
the single point, whether, in the intermediate stage,
between the collection and disbursement of the pub-
lic money, the  agency of banks is necessary to
avoid a dangerous extension of the patronage and
influence of the Executive?    But is it clear that the
connection of the Executive with powerful money-
ed institutions, capable oí ministering to  the  inte-
rests of men in points wheie they  are most acces-
siolc to corruption, is less ILible  to abuse, than his
constitutional agency in the appointment and con-
tiol  of the  few  public   officers required by   the
proposed  plan ?     Will the public money, when
in    their     hands,   be    necessarily     exposed    to
any   improper   interference on   the  part of the
Executive?   May it not be hoped that a prudent
fear of public jealousy and disapprobation, in a
matter so peculiarly exposed  to them, will deter
him from  any such interference,  even if higher
motives be found inoperative?    May not Congress
so regulate, by law, the duty of those officers, and
subject it to such supervision and publicity, as to
prevent the possibility of any serious abuse on the
part of the Executive? and i-- there equal room for
such supervision   and publicity  in  a connection
with banks, acting under the shield of corporate
immunities, and conducted by persons irresponsible
to the Government and the people?   It is believed
that a considerate and candid investigation of these
questions  will result ¡n the conviction, that the
proposed plan is, far less liable to objection, on the
score of Executive patronage and control, than
an" bank agency ¡hat has been, cr can be, deviled.
With these views, 1 leave to Congiess the mea-
sures necessary to regulate, in the present emer-
gency, the safe-keeping and transfer of ¡he public
moneys.  In the performance of constitutional duty ,^
I have stated to them, without reserve, the result of
my own reflections.    The subject is of great im-
portance; and one on which we can scarcely expect
to be as united in sentiment as we arc in interest.
It deserves a full and free discussion, and cannot
fail to be benefitted by a dispassionate comparison
of opinions.    Well aware myself of the duty of
reciprocal    concession    among    the    co-ordinate
branches of the Government, I can promise a reason-
able spirit of co-operation, so far as it can be indulged
in without  the  surrender of constitutional objec-
tions, which  I believe  to he well  founded.    Any
system that may be adopted should be subjected to
the fullest legal" pro vision, so as to leave nothing to
the Executive but what is necessary to ihe discharge
of th"'duties imposed o>. him; and whatever plan
mav be ultimately established, my own part sh-dl
be so discharged as to give to it a fair trial, and the
best prospect of success.
The character ol  the funds  to  le received and
disbursed in the transactions of the Government,
I    likewise demands your most careful consideration.
There can be no doubt that those who framed
and adopted the Constitution, having in immediate
\ lew the depreciated paper of the Con'oWacy—of
which five hundred dollars in paper weie, at limes,-
only equal to one dollar in coin—intended to pre-
vent the recurrence of similar evils, so far at least-
as related to the transactions of the new Govern-
ment.   They gave to Congress express powers to •
com money, and to regulate the value thereof, andi
of foreign coin; they refused to give.it power to
establish corporations—the agents, then as. now,
chiefly employed to create a paper currency; they;,.
prohibited the States from making any thing bul'-
goid and silver a legal tender ¡n payment of debts;,
and the first Congress directed, by positive law, that
the revenue should be received in nothing but gold
and silver.
Public exigency at the outset of the Govern-
ment, without direct legislative authority, led to the
use of bank's as fiscal aids to the Treasury. In ad-
mitted deviation from the law, at the same period,
and under the same exigency, the Secretary of the
Treasury received their notes in payment of duties.
The sole ground on which the practice, thus com-
menced, was then, or lias since, been justified, is the
certain, immediate, and convenient exchange of,
such notes tor specie. The Government did indeed
receive the inconvertible notes of State banks dur-
ing the diltcult'es of war; and the community sub-,
milted without a murmur to the unequal taxation
and multiplied evils of which such a course was
productive. With the war, this indulgence ceased,
and the banks were obliged again to redeem their
noles in gold and silver. The Treasury, in accord-
ance with pievious practice, continued to dispense
with the currency required by the act of 178!), and
look ¡he notes of banks in full confidence of their
being paid in specie on demand; and Congress, to
guard against the slightest violation of this princi-
pie, have declared, by law, that if notes arc paid
in the transactions of th  Government, it must be
under such circumstances as to enable the holder
to convert them into specie without depreciation or
delay.
Of my own'duties under the existing laws, when
the banks suspended specie payments, I could not
doubt. Directions were immediately given to pre-
vent the reception into the Treasury of any thing
but gold and silver or its equivalent; and every
practicable arrangement was made to preserve the
public faith, by similar or equivalent payments to
the public end,tors. The revenue from lands had
been for some time substantially so collected, under
the order issued by the directions of my predeces-
sor. The etfecls of that order had been so salutary,
and lis forecast m regard to the increasing insecu-
rity of bank paper had become so appaieu!, that,
even before die catastrophe, I liad resolved not to
interfere with its operation. Congress is now to
decide whether the revenue shall continue to be so
collected or not
The receipts into the Treasury, of bank notes, not
redeemed in specie on demand, will not, I presume,
be sanctioned. It would destiov, without the e.x
cuse of war or public distress, that equality of im-
ports, and identity of commercial regulation, which
he at the foundation of our Confederacy, and would
offer to each State a direct temptation to increase
its foreign trade, by depreciating the cuirency re-
ceived for duties in" its pmts. Such a proceeding
would also, in a great degree, fi ustrate the policy,
so highlv cherished, of infusing into our circulation
a iarger'proportion of the precious metals; a policy,
the wisttom of which none can doubt, though there
mav be different opinions as to the extent to which
it should be carried. Its results have been already
too auspicious, and its success is too closely inter-
woven with the future prosperity of the country, to
* '   ''  -' -idon-
peimtt us for a moment to contemplate its a
ment We have seen, under its influence, our spe-
cie pugmented beyond eighty millions; our coinage
increased so as to make that of gold amount, be-
tween August, 1834, and December, 1836, to ten
millions of dollars; exceeding the whole coinage at
the mint during the thirty-one previous years. The
nrosnect of further improvement continued without
abatement until ¡he moment of the suspension of spe-
cie payments. This policy has now indeed been sad-
d<        '
denly checked, but is stil 11 ar from bei n;
¡overthrown.
