18
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the course would be pursued in regard to these pe-
titions.
Mr. HUBBARD was of opinion that the peti-
tions might'as well take the usual course, and be
referred to the appropriate committees. He did
not think that any delay would grow out of such
proceedings.
Mr. BUCHANAN entirely concurred in the sen-
timerits expressed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts and the Senator from South Carolina, in regard
to the course the business should take during the
present session. He believed it was not expected
by the country; and he thought it would be very
inconvenient for the members of this arid the other
House to continue in session until the regular
period for the meetiu^ of Congress. If Sena-
tors presented petitions on or unary subjects,
and moved to have them referred to a
committee, it would be taken as conclusive
evidence that we intended to proceed with the di-
spatch of the ordinary business. An I, should we
commence at all, we probably would be kept here
until next May or June. His (Mr. B's) opinion
was that the Senate should confine its present labors
to the relief of the country, and postpone the or-
dinary business until the next session. In order to
try what was the sense of the Senate, he would
move to lay the petitions on the táíjle, if the Sena-
tor from South Carolina did not insist on his mo-
tion.
Mr. HUBBARD said that he was certainly
aware of the importance of the business we were
met to transact; and he was sorry to interpose any
thing that should have the effect of preventing the
immediate consideration of the measures for the
relief of the country. And, if it was understood
that private memorials should be laid on the table,
lie would interpose no objection whatever.
The memorials were then laid on the table.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama submitted the following:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
storing to the District Court of the United States for
ths northern district of Alabama, its former juris-
diction.
Mr. KING of Alabama submitled the following:
. Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
altering the time of holding the courts of the United
Slates in the ninth judicial district.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OK REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, September llt/i, 1837.
The following members appeared, and were qua-
lified:
The Hon. Mr. CRARY, of Michigan.
The Hon. Mr. YELL, oí' Arkansas.
The Hon. Mr. LEWIS, of Alabama.
The Hen. Mr. CHEATHAM, of Tennessee.
The following Standing Committees were an-
nounced as having been appointed by the Chair,
under the resolution to that effect on Friday last.
Elections.—Messrs. Buchanan, Griffin, Hawkins,
Kilgore, Maury, Townes, Branson, Pennybackcr,
and Hastings.
Ways and Jileara.—Messrs. Cambreleng, McKim,
Owens, Sergeant, Hamer, Jones of Virginia,
Fletcher of Massachusetts, Alhrrton, and Rhett.
Claims—Messrs. Whittlesey of Ohio, Grennell,
Chambers, Darlington, Graham of N. C. Russell'
Campbell of Tennessee, Clarke, and Carter of
Maine.
Commerce.—Messrs. Smith, Phillips, Johnston of
Louisiana, Cushman, De Graff, Legare, 'Poland,
Curtis, and Mason of Virginia.
Public Lands—Messrs. Boon, Williams of N. C.
Lincoln, Casey, Chapman, Harrison, Anderson
Duncan, and Turney.
Pott Offices and Post Roads.—-Messrs. Connor,
Briggs, Hall, Cleveland, Hopkins, Hubley, Cal-
hoon of Kentucky, Palmer, and Worthington.
District of Columbia.—Messrs. Bouldin, A. H.
Sheppard,   Jenifer,   Dawson,   Cilley,    Prentiss,
Sterne, C. H.<. Williams of Tennessee, and Hunter
of Ohio.
Jttmary.—Messrs. Thomas, Robertson, Totuey,
Martin,  Corwin, Bynum,   Garland' of Virginia!
Hoffman, and Potter.
Revolutionary Claims.—Messrs. Muhlenberg,
Craig, Underwood, Taliaferro, Ellmore, Foster,
Parmenter, Harper of Ohio, and Birdsall.
Public Expenditures.—Messrs. Haley, Ogle, Al-
exander, Titus, Stratton, Rumsey, Fletcher of Ver-
mont, Crockett and Patterson.
Private Land Claims.—Messrs. May, Garland of
Louisiana, Calhoun of Massachusetts, Harlan,
Bruyn, Mallory, Beatty, Rariden and Leadbetter.
Manufactures.—Messrs. Adam?,'Webster, AVhit-
tlesey of Connecticut, Holsey, Slade, Biddle, Til-
Hnghast, Vail, Naylor.
•Sgrictillure.—Messrs. Deberry, Logan, Phelps,
Weeks, Spencer, Noyes, Davies, Randolph,
and Mitchell.
Indian Jlffairs.—Messrs. Bell, Everett, Haynes,
Chaney, Montgomery, Parker, Campbell, of South
Carolina, Murray, and S. W. Morris.
Military Jffairs—Messrs. McKay, Coles, Glas-
cock, Thompson, Gholson, Miller, Rives, Kembie,
and McClellan, of Tennessee.
MViiia.—Messrs. Glascock, Wagener, Carter of
Tennessee, Holt, Hammond, Pratt, Hunter of
Virginia, Halsiead, and Allen of Ohio.
•Naval Jlffairs.—Messrs. Ingham,Milligan, Read,
Wise, Grantland, Moore, Richardson, Paynter,
and Williams of New Hampshire.
Foreign .Iffairs.—Messrs. Howard, Hamer,
dishing, Jackson of Georgia, Dromgoole, Rench-
er, Pope, Claiborne, and Fairfield.
TerHlories-----Messrs.   Patton,   Potts,   Pickens,
Peaice,  Borden, Graves, Davee, Jones of New
York, and Farrington.
Revolutionary Pensions.—Messrs. Morgan, Klin-
geusmith, Bond, Fry, Johnson of Virginia, Sibley,
Ewing, Gray, and Loomis of Ohio.
Invalid Pensions—Messrs. Taylor, Williams of
Kentucky, Allen of Vermont, McClellan of New
York, Petriken, Stuart, Herod, Reily, and Stanley.
Roads and Canals.—Messrs. Mercer,' Evans, Mc-
Kennan, Snyder, White of Kentucky, Filmore,
Jolmson of Maryland, Bicknell, and' White of
Indiana.
Revisa! of Unfinished Business—Messrs. Mason
of Ohio, Noble, Southgate, Henry, and Peck.
■Accounts—Messrs. Johnton of Virginia, Grant,
McClure, C. Shepard of North Carolina, and
Johnston of Maryland.
Expenditures of the Department of Stale.__Messrs.
M.  Morris of  Pennsylvania,   Jackson of  New
York, Shcpler, York, and Andrews.
Expenditures of the Department of the Treasury__
Messrs. Allen of Vermont, Shefler, Aycrigg, Gray
and Holsey.                                               "           '
Expenditures of the War Department.—Messrs.
Clowney, Vandeveer, Holt, Moms of Ohio, and
Marvin.
Expenditures of the ,Yun/ Department.—Messrs.
Brodheart, Maxwell, Goodc, Edwards, and Graham
of Indiana.
Expenditures of the Post Office Department—
Messrs. Child*, Dennis, Hawes, Gallup, and Plu-
mer.
Expenditures of the  Public   Buddings.__Messrs
Sawyer, Cranston, Menifee, Dunn, and Ridseway.'
The House then  took up  for considention the
following resolution,  submitted by Mr.  BIDDLE
on Thursday last:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
report to this House, whether a"letter purporting ió
be addressed by him to the Cleik of the House,
offering payment in specie to members of Congress'
is authentic; if so, to what other claimants <m the
Treasury, a similar ofi'er has been made, and what
principle of discrimination, if any, has been adopted
in the medium of payment to the public creditors.
Mr. BÍDDLE said that (he letter of the Secretar*'
of the Treasury to the Clerk of this House, on the
subject alluded to in his resolution, had struck him
as objectionable, aad he had, therefore, taken the
opportunity of calling the attention of the House to
it _ at the earliest moment. If the offer con-
tained in that letter was a mere matter of grace on
the part of the Secretary, and rested in his discre-
tion to be given and withheld at pleasure, it may be
given to a portion of the members of the House
and withheld from another portion of the members
of the House; or it may be withdrawn entirely
from* members of Congress,  and given to some
other officers of the Government, or public credi-
tors.    It may-be withdrawn from us, and given to
some other person whom it might be proper to re-
ward     It may be given to judges of courts, thereby
increasing their salary byhisrnere fiat. Itmighthave
been given to the judges of the court in the District of
Columbia while the mandamus case was pending,
and thus will it be in the power of the Secretary
of ihe Treasury to raise or diminish the salary of
any public officer at will.   He did not consider
it proper, and consistent with  the safety of the
country, that the position of officers of the Govern-
ment should be  thus precarious.    He was, how-
ever, disposed to look on  this matter in another
light.   We have been called upon to inquire into
the state of the currency of the country, and are
supposed to come fresh from the people, having a
knowledge of all the evils and distresses which
they are suffering.  At home, and on our way here,
we have seen and felt the evils under which the
people have labored.   At every step of our jour-
ney we have seen the difficulty  arising from  the
exchanging the miserable scrolls and tickets which
are in .circulation as a currency.    Why was it then
that this boon is held out to us immediately on our
arrival here?   Is it not calculated  to efface from
our minds the impressions which had been made
upon them before we arrived in this city?   Does it
not a; once convert us into a favored class, and
remove us from all the evils which aie oppressing
our constituents, and bowing them down  to the
earth.    Pie would ask whether those members of
Congress  who closed  with  the Secretary of the
Treasury  in  this matter, had not a direct pecu-
niary interest in perpetuating a depreciated cur-
rency?    The specie which we  may receive mav
be sold for a large premium for paper which will
meet all our engagements here, as we are not under
the necessity of keeping specie to pay our postage.
The premium, in some instances, on the  specie
which members receive for a week's salary will be
sufficient to defray their  expenses for the week.
This is, to be sure, an exclusive specie currency.
It is given to us, and we sell it to the brokers, and
the people have to buy it to pay their postages and
custom-house bonds.   The members of Congress
and the brokers receive all the benefits to he deriv-
ed from it, and the people are taxed, and have the
mere handling of it in carrying it from the brokers'
ofñce to the post-office or custom-house.
But this state of things will cease the moment that
specie payments are resumed, and therefore it will
be the interest of members of Congress to support
every scheme which would have a tendency to re-
tard the resumption of specie payments by - the
banks.    He believed this to be a matter of great
importance.     It  was   not   connected with   any
patty   movement.     He appealed   to  higher in-
terests   and   higher feelings.     At  the  time   the
law   pa<sed    commonly   called   the   compensa-
tion  law,  those who   gave  warning  as to the
effects it was to produce throughout the country,
were looked upon as over-scrupulous; but no one
has   forgotten the  storm which  that  law raised
throughout the country.    If a member of Congress
was   to  introduce a   proposition   similar to   the
measure adopted by the Secretary of the Trea-
sury,  he   would   not   dare    to   stand  up   before
his constituents in   vindication   of   his   conduct.
He would at once be declared as unworthy of the
confidence of   the people, and would be hurled
from his situation.    Why then should we receive
secretly, through the agency of the Secretary of the
Treasury, that which we dare not demand openly?
T!ie laborers on'the public  works, who toil and
sweat through the  whole day,  and receive   but
about one-sixteenlh part of our per diem, is paid
in paper of some ten per cent, less .value than the
funds we receive, the public contractor is paid in
paper, and the widow and the orphan of those who
fell in battle are paid in the same depreciated cur-
rency.    tí  was hut the  other day that an officer
from Florida found himself in this citv with paper
so worthless, that he could scarcely sell all he had
for enough of specie to pay the postage on letters
which he received through the  post office.    How
then can  the Secretary   offer us, who have no
postage to pay, specie when it is withheld from the
officers of your array? On what principle of honesty
