recover the amounts due to the United States, tin-
eas the. defaulting bank shall forthwith cause to be
eseuted and delivered to the Secretary of the Trea-
sury a bond, with security to be approved by the
Solicitor of the Treasury, to pay to the United
States the whole moneys due from it, in three in-
stalments ; the first to be paid at the expiration of
two months from the passage of this act, the second
at the expiration of five months, and the remain-
ing instalment at the expiration, of eight months
from the same period; and interest thereupon at
the rate of six per centum per annum, from the
time of default, together with any damages which
may have accrued to the United States from pro-
tests of drafts drawn upon it, or from any other
consequence of its failure to fulfil its obligations
to the public Treasury.
These hills weie read a first time and ordered to
a second reading.
The bill for the postponement of the fourth in-
stalment of deposite with the States being taken up,
Mr. CALHOUN said he hoped that the Senate
would not now act on the bill, but that it would be
postponed till to-morrow.
Mr. WRIGHT remarked that he entertained no
other feeling than a desire to expedite the business
before Congress as much as possible. He was not
aware that there was any thing yet to be reported
from the Committee on Finance which would at all
affect the present bill. Those measures which he
had just reported certainly had an intimate connec-
tion with it. He had no desire to press the bill
at this time, feeling a confident hope that the com-
mittee would complete the business before them by
to-morrow morning, and be enabled to repoit.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed till to-morrow.
©n motion of Mr. MORRIS,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, September 13, 1837.
The CHAIR stated, that in pursuance of the
notice he had given on yesterday, he would now
call the States in their order for petitions and me-
morials. He also stated that he should be govern-
ed by the order of the House on Monday, and he
presumed that all memorials would be disposed of
in the manner set forth in that resolution.
Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested for the conside-
ration of the Chair and the House, that the mere
presentation of petitions to go on the files of the
House, and be taken back at the next session,
would be a very unnecessary ceremony.
The CHAIR replied that it would be at the dis-
cretion of the members who held petitions, whether
they would present them and have them postponed
until December, or hold them in their own pos-
session.
Petitions and memorials were presented by,
Mr. ADAMS of Massachusetts.
Mr. SLADE of Vermont.
Mr. BRONSON of New York.
Mr. PETRIKIN of Pennsylvania.
Mr. UNDERWOOD of Kentuckv.
Mr. JOHNSTON of Louisiana. "
Messrs. RARIDEN and GRAHAM of Indiana.
Mr. CASEY of Illinois.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill to authorize the
issuing of Treasury notes; which was read twice
and committed to a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The bill is in the following words:
JBe it enacted by the Senate and House t>f Represen-
tatives of the United Stutes of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause Treasury
notes, not bearing interest, for such sum or sums as
he may think expedient, but not exceeding, in the
wholeamount of notes issued, the sum of twelve
millions of dollars, and of denominations not less
than one hundred dollars for any one note, to be
prepared, signed, and issued in the manner herein-
after provided.
Seo. And be it further enacted, That the said
Treasury notes authorized to be issued by the first
section of this act, shall be reimbursed and re-
deemed by the   United States, at the Treasury
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
thereof, after the expiration of one year from the
dates of the said notes respectively. The reim-
bursement herein provided for shall be made at the
Treasury of the United States, to .the holders of the
said notes respectively, upon presentment; and in
case of presentment and non-payment of said notes
after they become due, the holder or holders shall-
be entitled to receive interest at the rate of five per
cent, per annum from the date of demand of pay-
ment; and for this reimbursement, according to the
provisions of this act, the faith of the United States
is hereby solemnly pledged.
Sec. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said
Treasury notes shall be prepared under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, and shall be
respectively signed, on behalf of the United States
by the Treasurer thereof, an!countersigned by the
Register of the Treasury; and that those officers
respectively sha'I. as checks upon each other, and
to secure the public safety, keep separate, full, and
accurate accounts of the number, date, denomina-
tion and amount of all the notes signed and coun-
tersigned by them respectively, which said accounts
shall be carefully preserved and placed on file in
the Treasury Department; and also similar ac-
counts, kept and preserved in the same manner, of
all the said notes redeemed, as the same shall be
returned and cancelled; and the Treasurer shall
further account, quarterlv, for all such notes deliv-
ered to him for signature or issue by the Register.
The Ticasurer and Register of the Treasury are
hereby authorized, by and with the consent and ap-
probation of the Secretary of the Tieasury, to em-
ploy such additional temporary clerks as the duties
enjoined upon them by this section may render ne-
cessary, the compensation of each clerk so em-
ployed to be fixed by the Secretary.
Sec. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he hereby i«, autho-
rized, with the approbation of the President of the
United States, to cause to be issued such portion of
the said Treasury notes as the President may think
expedient, in payment of debts due by the United
States to such public creditors, or other persons, as
may choose to receive such notes in payment as
aforesaid, at par.
Sec. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said
Treasury notes shall be issued payable to order or
bearer, as the said Secretary, with the approbation
of the President, shall direct; and shall be transfer-
able by delivery, if made payable to bearer, and
by the endorsemffnt of the original payee if made
payable to order, without other or further assign-
ment or evidence of a transfer of property.
Sec. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said
Treasury notes shall be every where received in
payment of all dues and taxes laid by the authority
of the United States; of all public lands sold by the
said authority; and of all debts due to the United
States, of any character whatsoever. And on
every such payment credit shall be given for the
amount of the principal and inte.'est, if any should
accrue under the provisions of this act, which, on
the day of such payment, may be due on the note
or notes thus given in payment.
Sec. And be it further enacted, That the Se-
cretary of the Treasuty be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to cause to be reimbursed and
paid the principal and interest of the Treasury notes
which may be issued by viitue of this act, at the
several time and times when the same, according to
the provisionsof this act, should be thus reimbursed
and paid. And the said Secretary is further au-
thorized to make purchases of the said notes at a
price no t exceeding par, for the amount of the prin-
cipal and interest due at the time of purchase on
such notes; and so much of any moneys in the
Treasury, not otherwise appropriated, as may be
necessary for that purpose, is hereby appropriated,
for paying the principal and interest of said notes.
Sec. Jlni be it farther enacted, That a sum of
thousand dollars, to be paid out of any mo-
neys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, for de-
fraying the expense of preparing, engraving, sign-
ing", and all other expenses incident to the issuing
of the Treasury notes authorized by this act.
Sec. . Snd be it further enacted, That if any
person shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or
23
cause, or procure to- be, falsely made, forged, or
counterfeited, or willingly aid or assist ia falsely
making, forging, or counterfeiting, any note,.'in
imitation of, or purporting to be, a Treasury,.note
aforesaid; or shall falsely alter, or cause or; procure
to be falsely altered, or. willingly .aid or. assist in
falsely altering, any Treasury note issued as.afore-
said; or shall pass, utter, or publish,,or  .attempt to
pass, utter, or publish, as true, any -ffal^e, forged,
or counterfeited note, purporting, to be a Treasury
note as aforesaid, knowing the same.to be falsely
forged or counterfeited; or shall pass, utter, or pub-
lish, or attempt to pass, utter, or publish, as true,
any falsely altered Treasury note, issued as afore-
said, knowing the same to be falsely altered, every
such person shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of
felony, and, being thereof convicted by due. course
of law, shall be sentenced to be imprisoned and
kept to hard labor for a period not less than three
years, nor more than ten years, and be fined in a
sum not exceeding five thousand dollars.
Sec. If any person shall make or engrave, or
cause, or procure to be made or engraved, or shall
have in his custody or possession any metallic
plate, engraved after the similitude of any plate
from which any notes issued as aforesaid, shall
have been printed, with intent to use such plate, or
to cause, or suffer the same to be used in forging
or counterfeiting any of the notes issued as afore-
said; or shall have in his custody or possession any
bank note or notes, engraved and printed after the
similitude of any notes issued as aforesaid, with
intent to use such blanks, or cause, or suffer the
same to be used in forging or counterfeiting any of
the notes issued as aforesaid; or shall have in his
custody or possession any paper adapted to the
making of notes, and similar to ihe paper upon
which any such notes shall have been issued, with
intent to use such paper, or cause, or sutler the
same to be used in forging or counterfeiting any of
the notes issued as aforesaid, every such person,
b ing thereof convicted, by due course of law, shall
be sentenced to be imprisoned, and kept to hard
labor, for a term not less than three nor more than
ten years, and fined in a sum not exceeding five
thousand dollars.
Sec. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to make and issue, from time to time, such
instructions, rules, and regulations, to the several
collectors, receivers of public money, depositories,
and all others who may be authorized to receive
the said Treasury notes on behalf of, and as agents
in any capacity for the United States, as to the
safe-keeping, disposition, return, and cancelling of
the said notes so paid to, and received by them
respectively, and as to their accounts and returns
to the Department of ail such receipts as raay seem
to him best calculated to promote the public inte-
rests and convenience, and to secure the United
States and the holders of the said notes against
frauds and losses.
Sec . *ind be it further enacted, That it shall
be, and is hereby made, the duty of the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause a statement to be pub-
lished monthly of the amount of all Treasury notes
issued or returned in pursuance of the provisions of
this act.
Mr. MERCER, from the select committee ap-
pointed on the subject of the rules for the govern-
ment of the House, made a report in part; which
was made the order of the day for to-morrow, and
ordered to be printed.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
ADAMS on yesterday, came up in course:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House, so far
as raay be consistent with the public interest, all
the correspondence between the Government of the
United States and that of Mexico, concerning the
boundary between them; and particularly concern-
ing any proposition for a cession of Territory be-
longing to the Mexican confederation to the United
States; and also all correspondence relating thereto
between the Department of State and the diplo-
matic representatives of the United States in Mexi-
co, and of the said department with those of the
Mexican Republic accredited to the Government
of the United Statei.
