CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
sented. If he was not mistaken,he understood the
gentleman to say that the people of this country
would prefer disunion to the annexation of Texa .
Mr. ADAMS. I said a very large portion.
Mr. PICKENS. Ah, well, it amounted nearly
to the same thing, for Mr. P. presumed the gen-
tleman spoke out of his intimate knowledge of
the people in his own section of the country.
Well, then, if this be the public feeling there, and
if this be a declaration in advance, let it be distinct-
ly understood that this declaration first came from
that quarter that haaheretofore sung hallelujahs to
ihfs Union. Yes: the gentleman now presents
the alternative, and says it is disunion.
What Mr. P. rose principally for, was to call the
attention of the House to that remarkable issue, and
also the public and the country to the quarter from
whence it came! Yes: there are great questions
involved, great interests involved; and it was, he
confessed, a novel spectacle to see constitutional
limitations advocated m that quarter. He rejoiced
at it. It was the first time since he had the honor
of a seat en that iloor, that lie had heard constitu-
tional restrictions advocated from that quarter.
There might be other questions arising of deep and
vital ¡merest, in which he hoped and trusted the
gentleman would also consider constitutional re-
strictions. He hoped, however, the gentleman
would-not construe the Constitution to shield his
own peculiar interests, while those of others were
to be trampled down. At all events, the doctrine
of construction from that quarter was a new one,
and he rejoiced to see it.
Mr. P. "had gone a little beyond what he had in-
tended. He had risen principally to say, that from
what he had been informed, and it came fioiii the
very highest quarter, the euirespondence was in a
situation to be presented to the world, and it was
his desire that it should be presented at once, so
that the American people might judge upon the great
quesdun involved. . Though he rejoiced to hear the
gentleman from Massachusetts come out, and he
hoped he would be prepared to meet the issue he
had himself made, Mr, P. was not at present to
be drawn mto the discussion.
Mr. PETRIKEN moved to lay the resolution
and proposed amendment on the table.
Mr. REED asked for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and were—yeas 74, nays 149.
So the House refused to lay the subject on the
table.
Mr. HOWARD did not consider the amendment
of any great consequence, and had himself rather
the resolution passed without it, inasmuch as the
gentleman had made, the call an absolute one, and
on account of the remarks made by him upon it. He
knew the reluctance of the House to entertain debate
then; and would only say, that if the gentleman from
Virginia was in possession of any information to
satisfy him that the correspondence, if there was
any, was not m a condition to see the light, it was
more than Mr. H. knew, for he had no such infor-
mation. The gentleman must permit him to say
that he (Mr. H.) did not believe there was any
thing in it, if such correspondence existed, which
the Government was either afraid or ashamed to
exhibit to that House, or to the American nation.
"With great respect to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. H. must say that he would have
thought it as well to have postponed the whole sub-
ject till a more fitting opportunity, till the President
of the United States had had an oppoitunity of send-
ing a message on tne subject <4 our foreign rela-
tions generally.
Mr. GRENNELL considered this call for the
correspondence which had taken place between the
United States Government and the Government of
Texas, a matter of very great importance to the
people of the United Stales.    The people of the
country are anxious, to nno\v
the whale length and
breadth of the correspondence without any reserve,
and therefoie it was that he should go for the icso-
lution, and against the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Georgia, (Mr. Haynes.) He op-
posed the propositic n to amend, because he could
not see how, in any possible manner, it could lie
incompatible with the publ.e interest to make pub-
lic the correspondence called for, if there was any
such correspondence in existence.   He wished to
see every thing which had passed between the Ex-
ecutive of the United States and the authorities of
Texas, in relation to the annexation of that Terri-
tory to the United States, if there was any thing of
the kind m existence. He was not aware that any
such matter had been in agitation between the two
Governments, and ho was astonished at the an-
nouncement that a correspondence had been going
on tending to that monstrous result.
The CHAIR reminded the gentleman that the
merits of the question, in relation to the annexation
of Texas to the United States, were not open for
discussion on the resolution before the House.
Mr. GRENNELL had no desire to overstep
the rules of order, as he paid very great respect to
the rules and the suggestions of the Chair. He
would say, however, that he would not leave it to
the discretion of the Prescient of the United States
to determine whether or not it would be proper to
withhold the correspondence called for. lie would
not leave it to the President's discretion to deter-
mine whether it was, or was not to he divulged.
He should demand the publication of the docu-
ment without reference to the views of the Presi-
dent, and he should do so because of the most
novel and extraordinary position in which we were
placed. The matter affects not only our internal
interests and concerns, but it has a further leach
and bearing, touching our relations with Mexico,
and perchance with some of the Governments of
Europe. He did not look upon this question of the
annexation of Texas to the United States, in the
same light which he presumed some other gentle-
men looked upon it. It was not the mere matter
of connecting it with the United States, without
imposing upon the United States any obligations
thereby, but it must be recollected that by that act
we are casting our lot with theirs in every difficulty
which may aiise between that country and Mexico,
or any other Government.
The CHAIR again reminded the gentleman that
the question as to the expediency of annexing
Texas to the United States was not before the
House, and could not now be discussed.
Mr. GRENNELL would then only say, that he
regarded this question as a matter of such vital
interest to the whole people of the country that
he would leave nothing to the discretion of the
President of the United States. He would make a
plain demand of the Executive to communicate the
correspondence to tne House, and to the country;
but he would not leave it with him to say whether
or not the public interest required that it should not
be published,
Mr. EYNUM regretted that this question should
be agitated at this time, because he could not see
what benefit could ultimately arise from it. He
believed, for various reasons, that the discussion
and agitation of the subject at this time was en-
tirely inexpedient, and he therefore most sincerely
regretted that it had been brought to our notice by
the gentleman from Massachusetts at this period of
a session of Congress which was convened for a
special object, having nothing to do with the one
refened to in the resolution now before the House.
He was n t disposed, as some gentlemen appeared
to be, to enter into the consideration and discus-
sion oí tne various subjects suggested by the
gentleman from Massachusetts. (Mr. Adams,) be-
cause those subjects were not now properly before
the House, and could not, in strict accordance
with the rules of order, be entered into; but he
would take this occasion to say that, when-
ever they did come before the House in a pro-
per manner, he would express his sentiments
in relation to them freely and fully, and with-
out the least reserve. In relation to the reso-
lution which had been introduced by the geni te-
man from Massachusetts, and wps now before the
House, he would say that he w?s prepared to voir
for it, if it was accompanied bv the amendment
submitted by the gentleman from Georgia, (Mr.
Haynes,) but without that amendment he could
not'susia'in it. and if the amendment ivas not adopt-
ed, he hoped the House would reject the rr solution.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, in his humble
judgment, was the last gentleman in the House
that should have introduced such a rcolution in'o
this body without bein." accompanied by the quali-
fications and restrictions moved by the gsntleman
from Georgia.    What was the question involved
in the original resolution?   Why, it assumes that
this House possesses  that power which the Consti-
tution vests alone in the Executive department.
It sets aside entirely Execttiiye discretion in relation
to these all-important matters, and calls upon him
to lay before the world  all the correspondence in
relation to this par ieular subject, no matter how
detrimental it might be to the public interest.    He
believed that the resolution, without the proposed
amendment, was wholly improper and unwarrant-
ed.    What department of the Government had the
exclusive control of all matters in relation to trea-
ties? and what department had the sole treaty-
making power'?   Why it was the Executive de-
partment, subject only to the latification by the
Senate of all such treaties. But the gentleman from
Massachusetts says, that this is a matter which
concerns the whole nation, and therefore it is ne-
cessary that we should demand of the Executive
to surrender up his power into our hands.   This
appeared to him (Mr. B.) to be a most extraordi-
nary doctrine, and one which he could never yield
his assent to.   The gentleman says that he is pre-
pared to vote against the amendment, and that it
is not to be left to the discretion of the Executive
to say whether it would be proper or improper to
make public the correspondence.    He took it that
the   two   honorable   gentlemen  from  Massachu-
setts had presumed  too   much;   they have pre-
sumed upon conclusions that they have not given
evidence suilicienl to justify.    It appeared to him
that there might be a propriety or an impropriety
in the communication of this matter to the House.
Although the honorable gentlemen may take it for
granted that the Executive had no control over the
matter, and that it should be immediately commu-
nicated to the House, there are  other gentlemen
who have not come so" precipitately and rapidly to
that conclusion.   Mr. B. was not prepared to as-
sent to the proposition of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts/that it is entirely improper to consider
this question in any other way than that the people
demanded the correspondence to be made public,
and that, therefore, it should be spread before the
world; nor would he consent that there was no
propriety in advocating the annexation.   He had
as good a right to his own opinion in relation to
this matter as the gentleman from Massachusetts
had to his, and therefore the gentleman should not
now attempt to force upon them any thing for the
public opinion of the country which their own con-
victions would not warrant them in believing.    If
the  Executive believed that it was improper to
disclose   the  correspondence   at   this   time,   the
House  would surely   not   endeavor   to   compel
him to  lay   it   befoie the   public, and  thereby,
perhaps,   pi event    the    Government from  mak-
ing   an   advantageous   arrangement    with   that
Government,   if   any  such  airangemcnt was on
foot.     If    the   Executive   was    in   the   act   of
making a treaty with the Government of Texas,
the premature disclosure of the correspondence in
relation thereto would break it oil', which might be
detrimental to the interests of the United States. It
might be,fot aught he knew, that two-thirds of the
people of the  United  Stales  were in favor of the
annexati"ti of Texas, or it might be that two-thirds
were opposed to J , when the question should be put
to th'-m; but if we are to take the conclusions of
the two gentlemen from Massachusetts, the country
has already decided against the annexation of Texas
to the Um'ed States.    Now he was not willing to
come to any such conclusion, nor would he adopt
anv measure which would have a tendency to pre-
vent that measure being adopted.   He would vote
for the  resolutiMi, provided  it was m the form of
all i ther reeoiutious of this character, and publish
the correspondence, if it was ia a proper condition
to l)'-1 published; if, however, it was not in such a
condition, he would oppose its publication.    He
saw "o cause j'jr alarm and excitement ¡n relation
to !h s matter, are! when the subject came up ¡'airly
he hoped we would consider and d 'onss it coolly
and calmly, and in a statesm:in-like manner.    He
hoped that the amendment ni'ghl be adopted; and
if It was, he should vote for the íesolutum.    He
considerecUtlrat the discretion should be left with
