$6
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfe.
be Executive Department of communicating or
withholding the correspondence, and that it was
entirely improper to attempt to take this discretion
from the department.,
Mr. WISE understood' by the decision of the
Chair, that it was not proper lo enter into a discus-
sion, of the merits oí the question on the resolution
pending.
The CHAIR said he had so decided the resolu-
tion, bein? merely a call for information.
Mr. WISE remarked that he considered the de-
cision correct, but he wished to inquire whether be
could be permitted to reply to the remarks made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts in relation to
the, annexation of Texas to the Union.
The CHAIR stated that he had endeavored
to confine gentlemen to the question before the
House,, and .*aid that, at the moment the gentleman
fiom Massachusetts had made the ivmaik, he liad
stated that the gentleman could not be permitted to
enter into a discussion of the merits of the question j
in relation to the anaexalion of Texas to the United ¡
States.                                                                      I
Mr. WISE considered thi< decision as perfectly j
correct, and only regretted that the gentleman from
Massachusetts had not been called to order sooner,
as that gentleman had taken several occasions to
discuss the question in relation to the independence
of Texas, and the annexation of Tesas lo the Uni-
ted States, and he h.-.s always manased to discuss
these ques'ions single-handed, without other gentle-
men having the opportunity of replvwa to hisargn-
inents, thus giving those opposed to Texas all the
benefit of hii e.r parte arguments.
Mr. W. had only to say that he was now ready
to discuss the question upon the issue presented
by the genileman fiom Massachusetts to the coun-
iry, and he was also prepared to show that this
\ias not a now question. Whenever the quest ¡on
came up, he would meet the gentleman on the
ground he had taken, and discuss the question with
him fully and fairly; but as the rules did not now
permit him, he must withhold going into the sub-
ject at present. From the information he had re-
ceived, he considered himself at the time justified
in saying that the correspondence was not in a con-
dition to be.presented to the country; but as many
of the friends, of Texas believe that it was in a
properstate to go forth to the world, he was willing
that it should be published. As lo the question of
disunion being raised here by gentlemen on this
question, he would not countenance it.
The CHAIR stated that the question of union or
disunion could not be discussed on the pending re-
solution, neither could the question in relation to
the annexation of Texas be discussed. He hoped,
therefore, that gentlemeu mu;ht confine themselves
to the question before the House.
Mr. BELL, after some remarks on the prema-
tureness of this discussion, impoitant as was the
subject it involved, by putting aside the all-al sorb-
ing question upon which Congress had been con-
vened, moved that the House proceed to the ciders
of the dar.
Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested that the House
finish what other business was before it, and pro-
ceed to the orders of the day to-morrow, on the first
bill reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means, (to postpone the fourth instalment of depo-
site of the public money.)
The motion to proceed to the orders was re-
jected.
Mr. HAYNESexpressed his great astonishment
at the opposition to iiis amendment, coming liom
the quarter it did, that of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. Mr. II. said he had never known a
peremptory message sent to the President of the
United States.
Mr. HOLSEY addressed the House at some
length on the amendment of his colleague, and the'"
question of assumption of power on the part of the
House in making an absolute call upon the Execu-
tive. He contended that an unqualified call upon
him was at variance with the form, and in conflict
with the genius and spirit, of the Constitution. He
believed that such an imperative call was unprece-
dented m the history of the Government.
Mr. CUSHING propounded a question to Mr.
Wke.   That gentleman had admitted, or declared
that there existed a secret correspondence between
the Government of the United States and that of
Texas, through their Ministers, and he wished  to
ask the gentleman from Virginia, (though Mr. C
admitted it x as a question he had no right to ask,
and the gentleman was under no obligation to an-
swer,) from or through what channel he came to
the knowledge of the existence of that confidential
' correspondence, and of its character.
|     Mr. WISE replied,  that the gentleman  from
i Massachusetts having  admitted that he had no
right to put the question,  nor that Mr. W. was
! bound to answer it, he should stand upon his right,
! and not answer it.    Mr. W. said he would excul-
j pate the Secretary of State,  or any one represent-
| ing Texas, or its friends there; but he came by it
I fairly, and in a manner that any other gentleman
] would,    lío one had been guilty of any breach of
; confidence.    He submitted to the gentleman from
! Massachusetts, whose motives he respected, whether
| he had not penetrated a little too far m asking the
; question.
I Mr. BIDDLE was prepared to meet the question
! of Texas at any time, and he wished every vote
I given by.him there to be accompanied with the dis-
j tinct understanding, that he was a warm opponent
.to the annexation of Texas.
J     Mr. CALHOON said that he would vote for the
! resolution, with or without the amendment, because
I he thought that the repusen'aiives from the South
¡ and West ought to prove at all times that they were
! ready to meet any and every question connected
I with the affairs of Texas, which  looked to its an-
| nexation to this Union.    For his own part, he was
i at all limes ready to take his ground.
!     lie was induced to vote against the resolutions
j of the gentleman from Massachusetts, when  he
J announced that he had no intention of calling the
I attention  of Congress to the subject in any short
! time.    If wewcienot to art upon the information,
he did not sec the necessity at this time of calling
for it, unless it was intended to operate elsewhere.
He thought he had seen, in a speech which the gen-
tleman delivered at the last session, as well as in a
publication lately put forth by a distinguished indi-
vidual at the noith, a desire to invoke foreign in-
terference in  the final conflict which was to take
place upon this subject.
Mr. D \.WSON appealed to the gentleman from
Massachusetts to accept the amendment of his (Mr.
D's) colleague. ■ He was in favor of the resolution,
because this was the best time to lay the informa-
tion before the people, who could discuss the sub-
[ ject with calmníss and deliberation.    He was op-
i posed to making an absolute call upon the Execu-
j tive.    He expressed a  hope,  that whenever the
I question came up, it would be discussed by them
I without reference to party feelings, but as states-
I men and as patriots.
Í     The proviso of Mr. IIay.ves was then agreed to
¡ without a division.
i     Mr. ADAMS asked for the yeas and nays on the
I adoption of the resolution, but they wete refused,
j and it was adopted without a count.
!     The House then took up the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Adams on yesterday:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House, so far
as the public interest wi'l permit, the correspon-
dence between the Government of the United
Slates and that of Great Britain, relating to the
North Eastern Boundary of the United States,
since the message of the "late President to the Se-
nnt <i the United States, of the 15th of Jnne,1836.
Mr. HOWARD moved to amend it by inserting
an dditional clause, as follows: "And all corre-
spondence taken place since th.it period between
the Government of the United States and the Go-
vernor of the State of Maine, on the subject of the
alleged violation of the rights of the citizens of
Maine.
Mr. HOWARD explained the object of his
amendment to be to obtain a knowledge of all the
facts in relation to the subject, as well the attitude
the Federal Governmen t towards the State of Maine
as that towards Great Britain. The resolution of
the gentleman from Massachusetts did not go far
enough.
Mr. ADAMS accepted the amendment as a mo-
dification of his resolution; and so modified, it was
agreed to.
"Mr. ADAMS, on leave, submitted the. following
resolutionf
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House do pro-
cure and came to be printed for the use of the
members of this House, copies of all the acts cf
the several State Legislatures of this Union, enacted
since, the 10th day of May last, authorizing or rela-
tina to the. suspension of specie payments by the
banks, or any of them chartered by the said State
Legislatures respectively.
Mr. SNYDER, on leave, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, which, under the rule, lies over one
dav for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury in-
form this House at what lime the Bank of the btate
of Missouri was made a deporte bank, and what
amount of its own notes said bank had in circula-
tion, and what amount of specie it had in its vaults
when it was selected. Also, what amount of mo-
ney i-i now in the hands of the receivers of public
moneys in Illinois, and where the same is now or-
dered to be deposited.
Mr. LOOMIS, on leave, .submitted the following
resolution, which also lies over one day;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
prepare and report to this House as soon as may
be convenient, a statement showing what method
have been adopted for the safe keeping of the pub-
lic funds, since the first organization of the Go-
vernment under the Constitution; thelengih of time
that each method has b pn in use, designating the
several changes, and when made, and what losses
under each method have been sustained by th«
Treasury, in consequence of defalcation of agents
or officers so entrusted with the funds for safe
keeping.
Mr. GHOLSON, on leave, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved,   That the resolution  of this House,
adopted on the 9th September instant, for the Go-
vernment of the standing committees of this House,
_ be rescinded, so far as the same relates to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
A joint resolution from the Senate for the ap-
pointment of Chaplains to the two Houses was laid
on the table, inasmuch as the House had perform-
ed their part of that duty yesterday.
Two joint resolutions, 1st. For the appointment
of a joint Committee on Enrolled Bills; and
2 For a joint committee on the Library, were
severally concurred in, and the committees ordered
to be appointed by the Chair on the part of the
House.
On motion of Mr. TAYLOR,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, Sept. 14, 1837.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented two remonstrances
from the city and county of Philadelphia, against
the admission of Texas into the Union; which were
laid en the table.
Mr. WEBSTER here observed that he had in
his possession several memorials on the same sub-
ject to present, but that he should defer doing so
until he ascertained what was lo te the action of
the other body in reference to it; and he, took the
present opportunity of staling why he liad not pre-
sented them.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
reported the following bills:
A BILL to authorize merchandise to be deposited
in the public stores, and for other purposes.
Be il enacted btj the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the passage of this
act, ail goods, wares, and merchandise, imported
into the United States, (except fruits and other pe-
rishable articles, which shall pay duties in cash at
the time of entry,) may, at the option of the im-
porter, be entered, and trie duties thereon then paid,
or be deposited, at the expense and risk of the im-
porter, in such public or other stores as may be
agreed upon between the importer and the collec-
tor, or officer of inspection of the revenue for the
port where said goods, wares, and merchandise may
be landed; and it shall be the duty of the collector
