CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             Tí
or officer, in all cases where goods, wares, or mer-
chandise are so deposited, to see that they be kept
securely, and under the joint locks of the inspector
and the importer; and no delivery shall be made of
s'ich goods, wares, or merchandise, without a per-
mit in writing, under the hand of the collector and
naval officer of the port.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
lawful for the importer, or his assignee, to with-
draw, at any time, any portion of goods, wares, or
merchandise, deposited as aforesaid, upon payment
of the duties thereupon in cash, together with such
storage and other expenses as may have accrued
thereon.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if the
duties on any goods, wares, or merchandise, depo-
sited under the provisions oí this act, or which
shall remain unclaimed in the public stores, shall
not have been paid in the manner aforesaid, at the
expiration of three years from the date of impor-
tation, it shall be the duty of the collector to cause
so much of goods, wares, or merchandise, as may
be necessary, to be sold at public auction; and, re-
taining the sum required for the payment of the
dot es which have not been paid, together with the
expenses of safe-keeping and sale of such goods,
wares, or merchandise, shall return the overplus, if
any, to the owner, or to his agent or lawful repre-
sentative.
Sec. 4. Ani he it further enacted, That if any
goods, wares, or merchandise, deposited under the
provisions of this act, shall be embezzled, or frau-
dulently hid, or removed from any store or place
wherein the same shall have been deposited, they
shall be forfeited, and the person or persons so
embezzling, hiding, or removing the same, or aiding
or assisting therein, shall be liable to the same
pains and penalties as if such goods, wares, or
merchandise had been fraudulently landed without
payment of duty.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all goods,
wares, and merchandise deposited under the provi-
sions of this act, may be transported from the pub-
lic warehouses, or such stores as may be occupied
for public use in one district to those in another dis-
trict, under such safe regulations as the Secretary
of the Treasury may prescribe.
Sec. 6. And he il further enacted, That no goods,
wares, or merchandise deposited under this act,
shall be taken or delivered from the public stores
for consumption or for exportation, except upon
due entry at the custom-house, and under care of
some proper officer of the customs, and upon pay-
ment of the full amount of duties, when not imme- ,
diately exported: Provided, ¡uncover, That goods
may be taken out or delivered for the purpose of
transportation, from the public warehouses, in one
district to those of any other district, as allowed in
the fifth section of this act, without the payment of
the duty thereon at the tune of removal: Provided,
also, that, in ail such cases, twentv-four hours' pre-
vious notice shall be given in writing to the collec-
tor, with a specific description of the goods intended
to be so transported, with the name of the vessel or
vessels in which they were imported.
Sec. 7. And be it"further enacted. That no draw-
back of the duties shall be allowed on the exporta-
tion of any goods, wares, or merchandise, which
may have been deposited under the provisions of
this act, in the public stores, and subsequently with-
drawn therefrom, and the duties then paid; but the
owner, if desiring to be relieved from the payment
of duties, must export the goods at the time of their
withdrawal from the public stores, in the manner
before provided.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Se-
cretan' of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, autho-
rized to make such rales and regulations as may
be necessary to carry this act into effect; and that
all acts, or parts of acts, contrary to the provisions
of this act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
A BILL imposing additional duties as depositories,
in certain cases, on public officers.
Se it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That the Treasurer of the United States,
the treasurers of the Mint and its branches, all col-
lectors of the customs, and surveyors acting in that
capacity, all receivers of public money, and post-
masters, be, and they are hereby, required to keep
safely, without loaning or using, all the public
money collected by them, or otherwise at any time
placed in their possession, till the same is ordered
by the proper department to be transferred or paid
out; in which cases, the transfers and payments
shall be faithfully made by them as directed, and
all other duties performed as fiscal agents, which
may be imposed by this orformer acts of Congress,
or by any regulation of the Treasury Department
made in conformity thereto.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all mar-
shals, district attorneys, and others having public
money to pay over, and all patentees wishing to
make payment to the United States, may make the
same to the Treasurer in this city, or to the Mint
and its branches, when near or convenient; and,
when not, may deposite the same with such col-
lector, receiver, or other depository, as may be
more conveniently situated, and may be selected
for that purpose by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That whenever
the public money in the possession of any deposi-
tory, by collection, transfer, or payment, ^iall be
inconveniently situated for public use, or shall ac-
cumulate so as to exceed the amount of the existing
bond of any such officer, any part of it, or the ex-
cess (as the case may be) shall either be drawn oat
for payments, or be transferred elsewhere to some
other depository; or the Secretary of ihe Treasury
shall require such additional security as may he
con-idered proper and safe; and in the mean time,
bonds,new and suitable in their terms, shall in all
cases, at as early a day as possible afier the pas-
sage of this act, be required of all depositories, in
such sums and form as may be deemed reasonable
and secure by the Solicitor of the Treasury, for the
performance of all the duties required under the
same or any previous laws.
Sec. 4. And be il further enacted, That the said
officers, respectively may be allowed any necessary
additional expenses for clerks, fire-proof chests, or
vaults, or other necessary expenses of safe-keeping,
transferring, and disbursing said moneys; all such
expenses, of every character, to be first expressly
authorized by the Secretary of the Treasury, whose
directions upon all the above subjects, by way of
regulation and otherwise, are to be strictly followed
by all the said officers.
Sec. 5.'And be it further enacted, That the Se-
cretary of the Treasury shall be, and he is hereby,
authorized to cause examinations to be made of the
books, accounts, and money on hand, of the several
officers charged by this act with the safe-keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the public moneys;
and for that purpose to appoint special agents, as
occasion may require, with such reasonable com-
pensation as he may allow, to be fixed and declar-
ed at the time of each appointment; which said
examinations, in all cases where the sum en hand
usually exccprls Ihrpe-foBrths of the amount of the
officer's bond, shall not be made less frequently
than once in each year, and as much more fre-
quently, in those and ail other cases, as the Secreta-
ry, in ins discretion, shall direct. The agents se-
lected to make these examinations shall be instruct-
ed to examine as well the books, accounts, and re-
turns of the officer, as the money on hand, and the
manner of its being kept, to the end that uniformi-
ty and accuracy in the accounts, as well as safety
to the public moneys, may be secured thereby.
Sec. 6. And be il further enacted, That, in addi-
tion to the examinations provided for in the last
preceding section, as a further guard over the pub-
lic moneys, it shall be the duty of each naval officer
and surveyor, as a check upon the collector of the
customs of their respecti ve districts; of each register of
aland office, as a check upon the receiver of his land
office; and of the director and superintendent of
each mint and branch mint, as a check upon the
treasurers, respectively, of the said mints, at the
close of each quarter of the year, and as much
more frequently as they shall be directed to do so
by the Secretary of the Treasury, to examine the
books, accounts, returns, and money on hand, of
the collectors, receivers, and treasurers, and to
make a full, accurate, and faithful return to the
Treasury Department of their condition.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Se-
cretary of the Treasury shall, with as much expedi-
tion as the convenience of the public business and
the safety of the public funds will permit, withdraw
the balances remaining with the late and present-
depositories of the public moneys, and confine the
safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of those
moneys to the depositories established by this act. - •
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That, for the
payrrentof the expenses authorized by this act," a
sufficient sum be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated, to be paid out of any money in the Trea-
sury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That all officers
charged by this act with the safe-keeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public money, are hereby
required to keep an accurate entry of eftch sum re-
ceived, and of the kind of money in which it is re-
ceived, and of each payment or transfer, and of the
kind of currency in which they are made; and that
if any one of the said officers shall convert to his
own use, in any way whatsoever, or shall use by
way of investment in any kind of property or mer-
chandise, or shall loan with or without interest, any
portion of the public moneys entrusted to him for
safe-keeping,  disbursement,  transfer, or for any
other purpose, every such act shall be deemed and
adjudged to be an embezzlement of so much of the
said moneys as shall he thus taken, converted, in-
vested, used, or loaned, which is hereby declared to
be a high misdemeanor; and any officer or person
convicted thereof before any court of the United
Stales of competent jurisdiction, shall be sentenced
to imprisonment for a term of not less than two, nor
more than five, years, and to a fine equal to the
amount of the money embezzled.
A BILL to revoke the charters of such banks,  in
the District of Columbia,  as shall not resume
specie payments within a limited time, and to
suppress the circulation of small notes therein.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home rf Represen-
ta'ives rf the United Stales of America in  Congress
assembled, That all penalties imposed on the banks
in the District of Columba, by  their charters, or
otherwise, for a suspension of specie payments, be
remitted: Provided, They resume specie payments
for all their bi'is under ten dollars within sixty days,
and of all others within six months from the passing of
this act: And provided, also, That the said banks,
within thirty days from the passing of this act, shall
cease to pay out the notes, bills, or obligations of any
corporation, company, or individual, which shail
not redeem the same, on demand, in specie: And
provided, further,   That  the said banks shall forth-
with cease to receive in payment, or on deposite, or
to pay out, any note, bill, or obligation, issued by
any other bank, or by any corporation, company,
or individual, of a less denomination than five dol-
lars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if any of
said banks shall fail to comply with the conditions
specified in the foregoing section of this act, the
charters thereof shall bs revoked; and it shall be.
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint
three commissioners for liquidating and settling the
accounts and affairs thereof, and such prosecutions
shall be instituted by the Districtsttorney of this
District, for any violation of their obligations to the
Government and the community, as the facts and-
the law applicable to the case may rende* proper,
beyond what is contained .*. the provisions of their
charters and in this act: Provided, nevertheless. That
the remedies against said banks, for their liabilities
and debts, given in their charters, shall remain in
full force and effect against the property, money,
credits, and effects thereof, in the hands of the com-
missioners appointed to liquidate their affairs.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That after lb"
expiration of thirty days from the passage of this
act, it shall be unlawful for any individual, com-
pany, or corporation, to issue, pass, or to offer to
pass, within the District of Columbia, any note,
check, draft, bank bill, or any other paper cur-
rency, of a less denomination than five dollars;
and" if any person or corporation shall vio-
late the provisions of this section, the person
so offending, or, in case of any corporation so
offending, the officers of any such corporation for
the time"being, shall be liable to indictment by the
grand jury of the county within the District where the
