30
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be pioperly exercised, for the mere purpose of
raising money to be safely kept, and this he must
consider the simple question presented He might
be mistaken in this view of the matter, but such
was the deliberate conclusion of his mind, upon
the most mature reflection, and that conclusion
must govern his action upon the bill, as it had done
his action as a member of the committee which le-
poited it.
Havingsaidthus much, Mr W. said, he would
only correct two or Ihiee errors of fact into which
the honorable Senator who had just resumed his
seat (Mr. "Webster)seemed to him to have fallen,
and he would detain the Senate no longer
The honorable Senator ¡seemed to suppose that
the means to make this transfer to the States w ere in
the Treaomy, and that the only difficulty, separate
from th# other demands upon it, grew out of the
present unavailable character of those means.
The statements he had already made, had shown
the error oí this hypothesis. He had airead) shown
that the «hole means in the Treasury, even when
the Secretaiy of the Treasury made his íeport, at
the commencement of our present session, of
whatever chaiacter, whether available or not,
were le«s, by more than a million of dollars,
than theinstalment requited to be transferred to the
States unrer the deposite law He hid further
shown that those means, such as they \\ ere, v. ere,
before the first of October, when that transfer w as
lequired to be made, to be still further diminished
by the «hole expenses of the Government for the
pieecnt month,ascertained and estimated to amount
to two and a half millions of dollars Hence it
would follow, that the whole means m the Treasury
on the fhstdaj of October next, must be from three
and a half to four millions less than the tiansfer
required It was in vain, therefore, Mr W said,
to escape from the conclusion, that if Congress
should insist upon this transfer, it must authorize a
loan of money upon the public credit, to enable
the Tieasury to make it m other words, that it
must authorize a loan of money upon the credit of
the united States, that that money, when loaned,
mav be deposited with the States for safe keeping
Another error of the honorable senator (Mr
Webster) which he felt bound to correct, was m
his stricture^ upon the recommendations of the
Secretary of the Treasury, as to the manner of is-
suing treasury notes The honorable senator had
criticised this part of the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury with some sev enty, and had held him
up to the Senaie and the country as striking out i
new pith for the supply of the Treason, as recom-
mending the issue oi paper mone;, oí a de-crip-
tion of paper similar to that w Inch w e know by the
denomination of "continental monej," and of do-
ing this for the first tune since the organization of
the Government under the Constitution The fault
complained of consisted in a recommendation,
merely discretional y and alternative, to issue Tiea-
sury notes bearing no interest, and payable to he
bearer, in case the public creditors shou d be found
willing to receive such notes m payment of their
demands against the Government, at par, oiher-
\use, to give the notes such an íntere t as would
bring them to par.
Mr W. said as the committee, in the bill they
had reported, had not followed this recommenda-
tion of the Secietary, it would be seen that no ques-
t on was depending befoie the Senate, either m the
bill now undei discussion, 01 in anj other, which
i«ndered ihis point materia], but he was sure his
object would be fully un lerstood and apprecnted
in making this conection. It was simply to di fend
this public officer against a mistaken accusation It
-a as not necessary for him to defend, at th s tune,
the soundness of the leeomrrendation, but to pro-
tect the Secretaiy against the charge of being the
author of a principle now supposed to be so new
and so dans^ions To do tin-, it was onlv neces-
sary foi him to read ihe third section of the act of
the 24th of Feoiuary, ISH, authorising an emis-
sion of Treasury notes, in w Inch a'l these dangeis
would b  found to be n nbriced, adopted, an 1 made
imperative, as a pari oi the law s of the Ian I
[Mr W here lead the section of the act, as
f dlows-
"Src 3  >9rtd be it furihet enacted, That the said
Treasuiy notes ¿hall be prepared of such denomi-
nations as the Secretary of the Treasury, with the
approbation of the President of the United States,
shall, from time to time, direct, and such of the
said notes as shall be of a denomination less than
one hundred dollars shall be payable to bearei, and
be ttansferrab'e by delivery alone, and shall bear no
interest, and such of the said notes as shall be of
the denomination of one hundred dollars, or up-
wards, may be made pav able to ordei, and trans-
ferrable by delivery and assignment, endorsed on
the same, and bearing an interest from the day on
which they shall be issued, at the rate of five and
two-fifths per centum per annum, or they may be
made payaole to beat ei, and transfer i able by dsluery
alone, and bearing no interest, as the Secretary of
the Tieasury, with the appiobation of the President
of the United States, shall dnect "
What now, Mi W. asked, was the condition
and the fault of the Secretary'? He had found the
public treasuiy in want of means to pay the public
creditors The exigency had grown out of a re-
verse m trade ana business, sudden and universal,
and the use of the ciedit of the Government, in
some form, seemed to him indispensable. It be-
came his duty to suggest to Congress the means
and the morte of supplying the Treasuiy. He ex-
amined the legislative history of the Governmental
former cases of embarrassment at the Treasury,
and found, anong othei expedients, that emissions
oí Treasury notes paying no interest, payable to
be rer, transferrable by delivery alone, and without
any restriction as to the denomination of the notes
to be so issued, bad been authonzed Among a
vanety of phns to meet the present wants, he sug-
gested this, recommending that no note should be
issued for a less amount than $20 Had he at-
tempted to mtioduce any new principle1 Certainly
not Was his conduct, in making this suggestion
in conformity with the previous practice of Con-
gress itself, deserving of the high censuie which
had been bestowed upon it? He, Mr. W. thought
not
A single other reply to the honorable Senator
That gentleman had supposed the President most
inconsistent and contradictory with himself, m
remarking, generally, m his message, ihat he
did not recommend to Congress measures for the
regulation of the general cuirency of the coun-
try, or of the foreign and domestic exchanges,
because he could not find in the Constitution any
power conferred upon Congress to regulate
these matters; and then, m the same message, re-
commending a bankrupt Jaw, as applicable to
banks and bankers Where was the inconsistency,
or contradiction' The President had said he
omitted to make furtner recommendations upon
these subjects than those found in the Message, be-
cause he could not find, and did not believe, that
Congress possessed funhei power over them, but 1 e
did recommend a bankrupt law, because the pow er
to pass bankrupt laws is confei led upon Congress by
the Constitution, m express terms He did there-
fore recommend a bankrupt law, which the Con-
stitution authorizes, and he did not tecommend
any thing else, upon these points, because the Con-
stitution authorizes Congress to do nothing el e. Is
this inconsistent?
The debate was fuither continued by Messrs.
BUCHANAN, WFBSTER, and CALHOUN
Mr BUCHANAN then offeied the to lowing
amendment  to be mseited at the end of the bi '
" Piovided, that the thice fiist instalments urn -r
the said act shall remain on depos te with the States
until otherwise dnected by Congress "
Mr NILES asked for the yeas and najs, and
they w ere ordei ed, and the amendment was adopted
by ihe follow mg vote
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Baja-d, Black, Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clayton, Crittenden, Pulton,
Giundy, Kent, King of Alabama, King of Georgia,
Knight, Linn, Lyon, Moms, N cholas, Norvell,
Preston, Robbins, Robinson, Set ler, Smith of In-
diana, Souhard, S range, Swifr, TaUmadge, Wall,
Webster, White, Williams, and Young—33.
NA1S—Messis. Berton, Clay of Alab?ma,
Hnbbaid, Niles, Pierce, Rives, Roane, Ru?gles,
Smith of Connecticut, Tipton, Walker, and Wright
Mr TALLMADGE moved to slnke out all
after the enacting clause, and insert the following
"That the money deposited and to be deposited
with the States under the 13th section of the act of
June, 1836, shall remain on deposite with the
States until otherwise directed by Congress."
Mr NILES asked for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and the amendment was rejected—
ajes 18, nays 27, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Clayton, Crittenden,
Fulton, Kent, Knight, Lyon, Nicholas, Norvell,
Preston, Robbins, Sm.th of Indiana, Southard,
Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Webster, and White—
18
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Black, Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Grundy,
Hubbard, King of Alabama, King of Georgia,
Linn, Morris, Niles, Pierce, R\ves, Roane, Robin-
son, Rúgales, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Strange, Walker, Wall, Williams, Wright, and
Young—27
The luestion was then taken on the engrossment
of the bill
Mr WALKER asked for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered, and were as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Black, Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Fulton,
Grundy, Hubbard, King of Alabama, King of
Geo , Linn, McKean, Morns, Niles, Pierce, Rivcg
Roane, Robinson, Ruggles Sevier, Smith of Con ,
Strange, Walker, Wall, Williams, and Wright—
27.
NAYS—Messrs Bayard, Clay, of Ken , Clay ton,
Kent, Knight, Nicholas, Norvell, Preston, Crit-
tenden, Robbins, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Swiff,
Tallmadge, Webster, White, and Young—17.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, September 14, 1837.
Petitions and memorials w ere presented by
Mr. ADAJ'S of Massachusetts.
Mr SIBLEY of New York
Messrs. BIDDLE, PAYNTER, and SHEF-
FER of Pennsylvania
Mr. JEMFER of Maryland.
Messrs. HUNTER, ALLEN, and GOODE of
Ohio
Mr MAY of Illinois
[Mi   May presented the petition of sundry in-
habitants of Lasalle county, pray ing the establish
ment of a post route from Peru, in Lasalle county,
to Princeton, in Putnam county, via Bureau, in
Bureau county ]
Mr LEWIS of Alabama
Mess's HARRISON and MILLER of Mis-
souri
[Mr Hariison presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce, city of St Louis, on the
subject of the cunency, &c ; leferred to Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed!
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the following   bill;
which was read twice, and referred to a Committee
of the Whole on the state of tne Union
A BILL authorizing a furthei postponement of the
y ly ment of duty bonds and for other purposes
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
ntes of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Secietary of the Treasury be, and
he hereby is, authorized to grant such further ex-
tension of credit upon all bonds for duties now out-
standing, as shall make the whole extension of cre-
dit upon each bond s x months from the time when
the ongmal bond became due and payable, mak-
ing the extension m each case to depend upon the
same conditions as to additional security, the pay-
ment of interest, and other terms, which have been
prescribed by the Titasury Department to the ex-
tension of íevenue bonds sirce May last Provided
Tint nothing herein contained shaft be construed
to include any existing bonds where the parlies to
the same have not, since the bonds became paya-
ble, given additional security, or made part pay-
ment, and are, by the proper officers of the Govern-
ment, considered insolvent, or unsafe securities, for
Ú<e pa) ment of their bonds
