CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                              37
*----------T---------------—----------■---------------------"■"'■...................-.           ...                                                         ,                            ,           ,                            <                                _________             _________,____,
where, he asked, was it to come frontf The conse-
quence of the creation of a new bank, and
the accompanying resumption of specie payments,
•would be destructive to the State banks. But
where was the money to be had1 from abroad—from
England? We had heavy debts to pay that country,
and if we attempted m the midst of the present
state of things to draw back the specie, the revul-
sion would be at least equal to the one we have
just -witnessed. Gentlemen were inclined to think
that the present crisis is like that of lfelC. Wow
he was certain that there was no analogy between
the two cases. On the contrary, it was directly op-
posite. The crisis of 1816 was a small affair
compaied with this. Mr. C. explained the diffe-
rence between the circumstances of that day
and those of the present. Among the measures
proposed then, as now, was a bankrupt law.
He was opposed to a bankrupt law, because lie
considered it too harsh a measme. Besides, it was
utterly unconstitutional. He maintained that
should w e try a Bank of the United States, under
the existing circumstances, the recoil would be
overwhelming. He, for one, would not be willing
to make the attempt. He knew it would compel
specie payments, not as a refoimer, but as a de-
stroyer. The greater portion of the State banks
would be swept fiom the board. And, even if
there were no other objections to the^measure, this -
Was a sufficient one for himself
Mr. C. went into a br>< f history of facts connect-
ed w4h the passage of the bill of 1816, recharter-
mg the Bank of the United States, and the part
which he took on that occasion.
There was but ®ne mode in which the Govern-
ment could re-unite itself with the bank without
producing distress; but that mode was infinitely ob-
jectionable to the South He meant, by the Go-
vernment adopting tb° United Slates Bank of
Peniisvltania as i> fiscil agent. The adoption of
that course w ould compel a resumption of specie
pat m nts, with much less force than a new Bank
of the United States would. But he never could
bung his mind to give such a preference to one
State over anothei. Nor could he consent to make
an institution the fiscal agent of the Govern-
ment wh'ch owes its existence to a law of a
State. In the attack made upon the bank by
the late President of the Uuited State*, over
which Mr. Biddle presided, he (Mr. C.) had sus-
tained it as far as he could upon constitu-
tional and ¡eg-d gi >und The bank, however,
owing to trie gi eat talents o. Mi Biddie san ived the
shook To adopt that bank, under all the circum-
stances of the case, would be a triumph to it over
the country It would go far to make the bank
the Got ernment itsclt. He repeated that he never
could give his cogent to make that bank the fiscal
agent of the Government. He could not agree to
a re-union of the bank with the Government, be-
cause be regarded a union as ihe great cause
which incapacitates bank notes from perfoim-
mg the office of a sound currencj. It was one
of the greatest causes of contraction and expansion
by the bank, and w mch could produce «-uch a ca-
tastrophe as now had happened. Bank notes, un-
der the best circumstances, weie ill nuted to per-
ioral the luucuons of a currency for the country
Contractions and expansions of the currenct, as
had been evidenced, could be resorted to, and the
practico of which o" verted the who'e country m-
togambleis and speculator Th" great source of
their expansions resulted iiom a union between the
banks and the Government One great and pow-
eiful reason which contributed to the circulation
of a bank nute wa«, that it not only represented the
credit oí the bank, bat the credit ol the Government
itself
The consequeree oí a connection between the
Government and the bank tt as, that just as the hs-
crl action of the Government increased fiom time
to time, the banking tt ansaclions must also in-
crease, or contiact m the same propoition. The
great and leading cause of the piesent otei throw of
the banks was the connection between them and
the Government
Mr. 0. next adverted to the passage of the diffe-
rent tarafF acts fr< in the year 1824, and proceeded
to state thai the consequence of the last act that
was passed was to turn the exchanges of the
United States m favor of England, and that the
bank had, just prior to General Jackson's attack
on it, expanded its issues m a remarkable degree,
which was made, in his (Mr. C's) opinion, the pre-
text for a war against that institution. In his es-
timation, General Jackson did wrong m pursuing
that course. The chaiter was about to expne, and
an adtmrabls oppoitumty would have offered for
renewing the charter for a limited time, so as to
outlive the charter of the Bank of England.
With regard to the removal of the deposites, he
had, at the period of that et ent, but one opinion,
and that was that the catastiophe which had occur-
red would come, and it had come at last. The
tariff acts of 1824, '28, combined with the measures
adopted in the British Parliament after that period,
had produced a change in respect to the currency
of the countiy. The two acts in question, particu-
larly, gave a westward couise to the metallic cur-
rency, and which was increased by the movements
of the General Government. It was a ¡emakable
fact, that the three great suspensions which had ta-
ken place m England and the United States, ihe
present one, one in 1813, and the one in Great Bri-
tain in 1797, (he believed) all resulted from the
connection of the banks with the Government,
and, to this cause, m his opinion, the fluctuating ol
-   the bank currency was attributable.
He went on to argue that the granting of a char-
ter for a national bank in Pennsylvania, or to any
other State, would have the effect of concentrating
the commerce and business of the country there, to
the prejudice of other portions of the Union. He,
:n fact, regarded the giving ol a charter as making
a preference in favor of one State over another,
which was contrary to the spirit and genius of our
Goteinment. He maintained that, prior to 1834,
there was little or r o connection betn e"n 'he Go-
vernment and the bank It stood upen a solid basis,
and there was little or no accomm:dalion on either
side. The blow against the bank had commingled
the Government and the bank, and that blow
would remain until the Government became the
bank, or the bank the Government. There was,
then, no other alternative, in his opinion, but a
separation. He proceeded to observe that he en-
tertained no hostility whatever to the bank, and he
had dear friends who would be affected by the
decision of the present question. He blamed not
the banks, nor the stockholders and director, for
the many evi's which had arisen. They had gro-\n
up without any man seeing the cause. Nothing
but time and expenence could develóte it.
What remained to be done was to re-organize
the Trecsur}—to reform the agents of the Go-
vernment. Nothing bet their adoption of this
course would suit the new condition of things
How that was to be brought about he could
not at present say. It must not be a Treasury
bank. No bill should have his tote which was m
any w ay connected with the patronage of the Go-
vernment. He declared that he enlei tamed the
most implacable and deadly hatted to any exten-
sion ef Government patronage.
[Here Mr C stated the objects of the amend-
ment he intended to offer, which would be found
below ]
He remarked that he dssired the aid of the sup-
poiters of the administration to can)' his measure,
for without it nothing could be carried. If he
could see his way as clear as the light of Heaven,
he would not trust the execution of a measure to
unwilling hands.
With íespect to lehef for the countiy. We owed
monev, and it must be paid, and relief onlv w ould
come m time, and bv frugality and industry. He
íegaided the growing crops of cotton in Alabama,
Louisiana, and Mississippi, and the rice and to-
oacco ciops, as principa.ly calciUted to bring
about relief to t\e country.
Alter a ftw othei remarks, Mi C. offered the
following proposition-
Sec vind be ufa t'iei tnaclcd, That fiom anl
alter the first day oi January, eighteen bundled and
thirty -eight, three-fo vrths of the amount due to the
Government, to duties, taxes, sales of public
lands, or other debts, may be paid ¡n the notes of
pecie-pajnig banks, and that liom and altei the
first day of Januaty, eighteen hundred .huí thi.i
run , one half may be so pa'd, and lroítl a>td a'nt s
the fiist day of January, eighteen hundred and
forty, one-fourth; and from and after the first day
of January, eighteen hundred and forty-one, ¿ .U
sums due, for duties, sales oi public lands, or other
debts to the Government, shall be paid only m the
legal cunency of the United States, or in such
notes, bills, or paper issued under the authority of
the same, as may be dnecied to be received by law.
Mr. BENTON said he fully concurred m the
object of the amendment. He then offered the fol-
lowing amendment, and moved that it be printed,
togethu with the proposition offered by. Mr. Cal-
hol v, and laid on the table; which was agreed to:
Sb.c. . tind b% ii fm liter enacted, That the col-
lectio'i í'tuI disbni'emcnt of the revenues shall
contmre to le made .a the kinds of money dnected
by evsting lavvi, until the          day of             next,
rrom and aftei which time all the revenues of the
United States, and of the General Post Office, and
all payment* to them, shall be received in gold
an 1 silver com only, except in cases in which
Tieasiuy notes, or land scrip, may be rcceit able
by law; and on ?ll payments so made in gold com,
a discount of one per cent, shall be allowed in
fat or of uV pat er And, from and after the «same
day, every officer or agent engaged in making
disbursements on account of the United States, or
of the General Post Office, shall make all payments
in goll and silver coin only, or in Treasury notes
when authorized by law, and any receiving or
disbursing officer, or agent, who shall neglect,
evade, or violate, the provisions of this section,
shall be dismissed the service, and shall forfeit aii
compensatu n which may then be due him.
Sec . And be tt fmlher enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
presetibe regulations to enforce the speedy presen-
tation ot all Government drafts for pa)ment at the
place where payable, and, in case of unreasonable
delay in such presentation, payment of the draft so
delayed may be made at any other place withm the
limits of the United States.
Mr. BENTON also offered the following bill,
which was laid on the table and ordered to be
printed
A BILL to re-establish the currency of the Con-
stitution for the Fedeial Government.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Represen-
tatives of the United Slates of Ameiica m Congresi
ossein!* id, That bank notes an I papei cunency of
cviiv descuptioii shall cease to be teceived, or
offered m payment, on account of the Unned
States, or of the Post Office, or in fees in the courts
of the United States, as follows: of less denomi
nat.on than twenty dollars, none after the third day
of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven , of
lesss denomination than fifty dollars, none after the
third dav of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight , of less denomination than one hundred dol-
lars, none after the third day of March, eighteen
hundred and thirt j-nine, ot less denomination than
five hundred dollars, none after the third day of
Maich, eighteen hundred and forty; of less denomi-
nation than one thousand dollars, nsne after the
third day of March, eighteen hundred and forty-
one ; and none of any denomination from and
aftei the third day of March, eighteen hundred and
foi ty-two.
Slc 2. -Mnd be it further enacted, That any per-
son holding an appointment under the laws of the
United States, and any bank employed to keep
public moneys, wlucb person or bank shall neglect,
evade, violate, contiavene, oi in any way elude,
or attempt to elude, the provisions of this act,
shall nt guilty of na offence o?ainst the laws ; and
the peisoa so offending shall be hable to be dis-
missed from the service, and the bank so offending
sha'l, on satis'VtO'-v 'nformat.on, be discontinued
as ? dcpos.tort of pub: c moneys
Mr ¡¿UNTON then spot c at length m i a «i ol
■1." bill au'hoMzing the issue of Treastin notes
Mi WVLKER moved lo "traiteout t. e words ,.,
ihetlevemh l.ne ol the second section, giving sx
per cut. mtaest «ai the Tieasurj notes Mr W
was arerte to these notes b-aiu .  mteicst, because
they would at once find their way to Great Britain,
wheie th„y would be held b, cipi ahsts ar 1 thus
