so
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fail to perceive that distress was as great, or
nearly so, in many countries of a commercial
character. The present condition of the Union,
some had ascnbed to measures of the Govern-
ment, smd they had done so with a proper sense of
propriety and dignity due to themselves as well as
(he Government. They had endeavored to show
ilieir injurious effect on the affairs of the country.
Now, that was a perfectly fair and legitimate mode
of proceeding. It was right that the measures of
the Government should he fairly and dispassion-
ately examined, and if they had been injunous,they
should be so pionounced. But, so far from concur-
ring in opinion that they had been productive of
the present catastrophe, if it could be so called, he
believed that the measures had tended rather to re-
lieve the, force and weight of the blow which might
have b^fe expected by those who watched the com-
mercialflfejceedings of the country. He believed
that theSeiation of the Specie circulai was more
limited Ban was generally supposed, and that its
effect had been beneficial, for it had prepared us
foi what was a most unexpected catastrophe
to some, though every thinking man must have
seen that \, uou'd occur While he said that
the measures oí the Government had not been
injurious, he did not mean to claim for it perfection.
Ho was free to admit, that some of them, eo-ope-
lating with other causes, had somewhat affected
the welfsfre of the country. They had done a
great deal ttf good, and probably had done some
hirm 4 One 'of the measures which had been de-
nounce4 \vas that for regulating the standard of
gold ap8 silver com. At the period it was passed,
it was consideied to be salutary and beneficial. It
Mas not particularly an administration measure;
U was supported by many opposed to the admi-
nistration. The result of it, however, had been
somewhat different trom what was expected. He
believed it had disturbed the commercial equili-
brium of the world. It had he thought alarmed
the Bank of England, and induced that institution
to adopt a course of measures which had seriously
affected the commercial interests of this countiy.
With regard to the distribution act, he
believed that that act had had an injurious
effect. Nojv, that was not an administration mea-
sure, nor of any particular party. It passed
almost by the acclamation of both patties. His
opinion was, that this had greatly contributed to
derange the currency lie did not think that gen-
tlemen n<id probed the matter to the bottom
—had not looked at the real causes of the pre-
sent distress. A depaittne irom the Constitution
had produc ed it. Supposing that the e had been
no tariff adopted, and no national bank established,
we knew not what might have bctn our situation
Poihips none of the difficulties now complained of
Mould Ime existed They might all be tra<ed to
these causes, dnectly or mduectly. He believed
them fo have thus originated.
Mr S after enumerating the various causes
which have been said by gentlemen on the other
side to have produced the distress, observed that he
was very happy to see some very cheeimg points in
the piesetit uisis, as to the course which the Execu-
tive had marked out. He trusted that both Houses
of Congress would be ready to co-operate with
mm.
With respect to the relief of the country, we h?d
Veen told by some gentlemen, that no íelief was
proposed m the Message Relief was proposed foi
an exhausted Treasury, which was one of the evils
c in plained of, and incidentally some relief was also
proposed for the commercial distress of the coun-
tiy He piesumed that it would not be denied by '
any <,tnlleman on that flooi, that the emission of i
ten millions of Trcasmy notes would affoid to the
(i culatmg med um of the countiy additional vigor.
Wi>s it not propostd to give indulgence to the mei-
chants, by eUending the time for the payment of
duty bon is"! And so, because lehef was not to be
afforded to an unlawful extent, it was said that no
relief was to be afforded. He contended that great
lehef would be given by the measures adopted It
had been strongly intimated that a Bank of the
United States would offbrd relief to Ihe country;
bu no daect proposition had been introduced here
m i csponse to it.   He expressed his opinion that it
was unconstitutional to establish a Bank of the
United States He believed, too, that it had con-
tributed to produce the present distress. Mi. S
paid a high compliment to the Senator from South
Carolina, (Mr. Calhoun) for the high stand he had
taken in opposition to the United States Bank, ¡n
the speech he delivered a few days ago. He
adverted to Mr. Rives's saheme, and condemned it
He maintained that the State banks had completely
failed inanswenngthe purposes expected from them.
They had virtually failed, not being able to pay
specie, and had placed the Government m its pre-
sent awkward predicament. The merchants would
not be placed in the humiliating condition they
were, if the banks had met then engagements
as the,y ought to have done. He w as astonished
that any gentleman should say that the experiment
had not failed. The gentleman from Virginia
(Mr Rives) had said all that was wanted was a
íestoration of confidence m the banks He (Mr
Strange) had certainly no confidence m them
Would it not be a falsehood on record to say that
the people ought to have confidence in the banks,
when we ourselves had not confidence in them1
Mr. S. spoke of a bankrupt law, and maintained
that such a law must he general in its operation,
and could not be made applicable only to banks
The General Government would not have the
power to enforce the law in the States. It would,
then, be perfect madness to put the funds of the
Government where they could not he had when
wanted by it.
In regard to the Sub-Tieasury scheme, public
opinion had not yet been tried on the question,
and he was willing to abide by the verdict of the
people, whatever it might be.
But as far as he w as able to judge, a priori, what
that opinion would be, he thought it would be in
favor of it. Was it unconstitutional1 No man
pretended that it was. Was it expedient* That was
the question. Nene of the objections which applied
to a Bank of the United States, would apply to it.
But we weie told that it w as a new experiment,
vid doubtless the word experiment would be
¡rung in our ears until we had the earache. Weie
re to be f lghtened from our propriety by the word1
t was an experiment so far as this Government
was concerned, but not as regarded the woild.
Every body would admit that it was not liable to
be a total failure like banks. Nor was it liable to
the numerous objections against the deposite banks.
Mr S ne\t answered the arguments urged
against the scheme on the ground oí the Executive
patronage which Mould necessarily be attached to
it. He insisted that it would not be either great or
dangeions—that no apprehension need be enter-
tained on thatscoie. He referícd to the question of
the cunency, and expiessedhis sentiments to be like
those set foith in the Message. He observed that so
far from the banks being against the Sub-Treasury
scheme, they ought to favor it, because it would
be the means of making specie moie plentiful than
heretofore. After some further remarks on various
subjects bearing upon the scheme, he concluded by
declaring himself the decided advocate and sup-
porter of it.
On motion oí Mr. TALLMADGE, the Senate
adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, September 21, 1837.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Mi  EWING of Indiana
[Mr. Ewracr presented the memorial of sundry
persons praying for the establishment of a specie-
1    paying Bank of the United Stales, and asked the
j    leave of the House to address that body on the
subject of the memorial, but objection being made,
the memorial was íefeired to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be punted ]
Mr. GLASCOCK of Georgia.
I        [Mr Glascock pi esented tfie petition of Joshua
Pharaoh, of Richmond couñlj,, Georgia, praying
an increase of his pens'on ]
Mr. HOWARD of Maryland.
[Mr   Howard slid that he presented the peti-
tions of the executors of Joseph Mussi deceased,
and of the legal representatives of Joseph Borderi
deceased, togethei with those of 956 petitioners now
on file in the House, praying that compensation
may be aw arded to them for property taken for
the service of the United States m the year 1800.
The mere mention of the far distant date at which
these claims originated, would, in a great measure,
explain to the House his reasons tor presenting
these petitions at this time, when, under the rule of
the House, no reference of them could be made to
a committee. He understood that it was the inten-
tion of thpse claimants to pi ess the examination
of their claims upon the committee, who might be
charged with then investigation, and if such inves-
tigation should result in the repoitof a bill, then
to piess upon the House the consideration of that
bill at some period of the appioachmg winter.
They had desired their petitions therefore to be
brought thus ear'y before the notice of House, in
the hope that some portion of ihe leisure which the
members now had, might be bestowed upon
an inquiry into claims which were closely
connected with an interesting portion of the
history of the countiy At the last session of
Congress, >t wou'd be remembered that he had re-
ported a list of the claima its, which had been
printed bv order of the House, that it might be seen
who these numerous claimants were, and m what
States they lived
The petitioners state, that prior to the year 1800
their pioperly had been seized upon the high seas
by French cruisers, and their vessels and cargoes
condemned, m violation both of national law and
express treaty. After much negotiation betw een
the United States and France upon the subject of
these repeated and intolerable outrages, the Go-
vernment of Fiance expressed a willingness to
make compensation, and would have done so, but
for a measure of public policy on the part of the
United States, ausmg from this circumstance. In
1778, a treaty of alliance, offensive and defensive,
was formed between France and the United States, in
which they had reciprocally guarantied to each othei
the mteguty of their possessions, anda treaty of com-
merce was subsequently made, by which great
privileges were secured to France. These stipula-
tions, which were merely nominal when the trea-
ties were formed, proved very onerous w hen the
commerce of the United States became extensive,
and when a demand was made that the guaranty
should be fulfilled by preserving to France her
West India islands. The United States insisted upon
being exonerated from these very troublesome stip-
ulations, and France, uith equal pertinacity, in-
sisted upon their immediate fulfilment To escape
from these embauassing aitides in the lieaties, the
United States released France from the obligation
of making compensation to the petitioners, and
Fiance, on her part, consented to abandon the im-
portant rights which she held under the old treaties,
and which were othei wise indestructible. The re-
sult was, that the petitioners lost their property
which France had expressed her willingness to pay
for, and the Government of the United States
made this piopeity the equivalent for obtaining
gieat national advantages. Against this use of
their property the petilioneis nevei remonstrated ,
but against its being taken for the public use with-
out compensation, they have complained fiom that
day lo this ]
Messrs. RUSSELL and PRENTISS of New
York.
Mt. POTTS of Pennsylvania.
Mi. HALSTEAD of New Jersey.
Mr. HALL of Veimont.
Mr   TILLINGHAST of Rhode Island.
Messrs ADAMS, LINCOLN, and BORDEN of
Massachusetts
Mr. WILLIAMS of New Hampshire.
Mr. SMITH of Mame
Mi. THOMAS, chanman of the Committee on
the Judiciary, stated for the information ot the
House, that the Committee on the Judiciary had
adopted a resolution, that it is inexpedient to le-
port a bankrupt law at the special session of Con-
gress
If%QTJIR\ IN RELATION TO THE FI ORIDA WAR
The House then proceeded to the unfinished bu-
siness of the morning hour, which was the conside-
ration of the following resolution, submitted by Mr
Wise on the 19th instant:
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed
