62
offices It was no sooner paid into the land office,
than the receiver of public moneys deposited it
again with the banks, to the credit of the Govern-
ment. Thus the indebtedness of the banks was
daily and rapidly increased The banks, fearing
that the public deposites would be called for m com,
became alarmed at their own condition, closed their
doors, and suspended sp°cie payment, thereby put-
ting it out of the power of this Government to pay
the pubi c dues, according to law, m specip, or its
equivalent
This, said Mr. T. is a brief statement of my opi-
nion of the causes which produced the present em-
barrassment and distress that surround us; it was
an afortúnate tampering with the currency and
the public deposites by the Executive Our troubles
have come soonei, but come lighter than thej
w ou'd have done, had the Treasmy order never ex-
isted Now for the remedy The bill leported by
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, imposing additional duties on public oihcers,
as he understood it, intended to cut loose the Go-
vernment fiom all banks, and to authorize the
Tieasury Department to keep and disburse as well
to col'ect the w hole revenue of the Government,
dispon >mg w ith banks as fiscal agents altogether.
This polioj he tnought might well be questioned It
would stake a large portion of the American peo-
ple like a shock of electricity, on account ef the
increased power and pationage it would confei on
the Evecitive arm of the Government He would
not declaie in advance ihat he could not go for it,
01 foi something like it, but he would be slow m
Yielding it his support, and he hoped that a belter
remedy wouldbe foune' He had never been an ad-
vocate for using a litter of State or local banks as
fiscal agents oí the Government They contain with
in themselves antagonist principles, each possessing
sepai ate views, and looking to the interest of its
own stockholders, they cannot 01 will not act to-
gether in tiaiismnting and disbursing the public
monev ol the United Slates, and so long as they
are used <>s depositories of the public moneys, em-
baí rasaments and occasional losses aie to be ex-
pected
Mi T said (hat he was opposed to taking any
st^p heit that would have a tendency to cupple or
break down the State banks. The people weie
encouraged to establish State banks to keep down
the Banií oí the United States They had vested
their capital in them lo a very large amount.
Many ol these banks were perfectly solvent and
saf<, none more so than the banks of the btate
which he had, in pan, the houoi to lepiesent heie.
The Links ol Indiana were waiting to see what
Congitss, the Executive, and othei banks, could 01
Mould do, intending very soon to lesurne specie
payment,, and honestly to ledeem all their paper,
and he would give no vole to discouiage or to
proti istmate so desnable an object It was tiue
the banks had not acted w ell in suspending specie
payments anil embanassmg the Government,fbut
we should u al mercifully with them A single
breath from Corgiess and the Piesident, saying to
the State banks, << We mil not íecerve your paper
in pajniint oi duties 01 (01 public lands," will
strike fifty pel cent off the value of all the pro-
pel ly oí our constituents vested in these banks,
indeed, olT all their propeity of every descuption ,
and lie was not prepared to sanctum such a course.
In the language of the West, gne us land office
noney Whatever w ill buy land is as good as
gold It i atpai m all themonejed tiansactions
of the vi estern country No matter hew old oi
ia%-ru papei may be, il it contains words, letters,
pud f jo es enough lo be receivable m the land
effit s, u equals gold, and il not leceivable foi
p ibl o line's, u is oí uncertain and changeable
value h /i ins its way m;o the hands of
t'ie fuiLti class of people, who are liable to be
nupjseJ ei , ' d shi ved bj the rich, m whose
hands he jelici cunenev v a-, always found Tn s
would be tie effect on the vves'rm people, should
we refuse *o receive the paper of theu banks m
payment for pub'ic lands He left it fer Senators
repre-entma Sates fist of the'Fountains to saj
v, 1 rt vv cu'd be its effect on the interest of then con-
stituents, should this Government icfuse to receive
their bank paper in payment for levenue.    Above
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
all 'hings, Congress should establish and maintain
a Uniform currency. Have gentlemen forgotten
how forcibly the Senator from South Carolina (Mr.
Calhoun) described the influence of this Govern-
ment on currency the other day, when he said if the
United States will endorse the note of the beggar, it
will pass at par? And will that Senator now say
to a very large proportion of the people of this
country, we will not receive the paper of your
banks in payment of dues to the Government, al-
though you may redeem your paper with specie,
when, by that act, he will baukrupt thousands who
have strong claims both on the justice and the cle-
mency of the General Government1
Mr. T. would not detain the Senate by an at-
tempt to show what effect the measures before it
would have on our commerce or exchanges. He
left that to abler hands He pretended only to take
a plain common sense view of their mischiev-
ous tendency on the inteiests of his immediate con-
stituents, and to enter his protest, in their behalf,
against the ruinous consequences that must follow
the passage of the bill with the amendment pro-
posed. He said the couise that he had marked eut
for himself lo pursue, put it out of his power to vote
foi the bill or the amendments proposed by the
honorable Senators from South Carolina and Mis-
souri, their amendment, if adopted, looked to a re-
fusal on the part of this Government, at an early
day, to leceiving or usemg in its ordinary transac-
tions the paperof all banks, and a return to a me-
tallic cmrency. This, said Mr. T. looks well on
paper, but in my opinion it is impossible to reduce
uto piactice There surely is not metal enough to
answer one half of the business transactions of
this great and growing country. It was on a mixed
currency, partly fatter issued on a metallic basis, that
our country reached the summit of its prosperity,
and who could ask moie than to be placed where
we were in 1831?
He would vote for the proposition offered by the
Senator from Virginia, when it come It contem-
plated preserving the property of our people vested
in the State banks. Let us collect from the late
dffpositones the money in their vaults, but in
doing so give time for them to pay us without
crushing these institutions. This would enable the
banks to indulge their creditors, and go far to re-
lieve the embarrassments under which our country
was suffering He cared not what those in high
places might think. He considered it the duty of
this Government to relieve the people, when this
can be done with an eye to public justice. Con-
giess. now had the power of relief, arid he hoped
would exercise it.
The frequent charges thrown out by the late Pre-
sident, in his messages to Congress, against the
Bank of the United States, had a tendency to dis-
credit that bank with the people, and we all wit-
nessed its downfall. The constant lauding, of the
State banks by the President and his Secretary of
the Treasury as, depositories of the public money,
encouraged the people to take stock m those banks.
They grew up, as it were, under Executive favor,
and shall Congiess now lend itself to break them
down' If we intend to avoid embarrassment and
losses heieaftei, we must put the regulation ef the
cuirency, and the deposites of the public money,
under laws, passed by the joint wisdom of Con-
gress, and leave less to the whims of a President
and his Secretary of the Treasury
If the bills which had passed the Senate autho-
rizing an issue of Treasury notes, and that regu-
lating collection from the deposite banks, become
laws, he wished to see this extra session brought to
a close, and let us íeturn to our masters, the peo-
ple, and consult them on what is further to be done-
He did not stand here to register the Executive
will, he looked to the boys of the West—those
with ho.d hands, warm heans, and strong arms
who f> ¡1 the forest, hold the plough, and repel
icieign invasion—for his mstiuctions, it was their
voice he felt bound to obey , it was their wishes
and their mteiest he came here to represent. If
the Executive desires the atiditional responsibility
of keeping and disbursing, as well as of collecting,
the revenue of the country, he now has it, under
the regulations of the Treasury Department, since
the suspension of specie payment by the deposite
banks, and he warned honorable Senators who,
like himself, wished to sustain the present adminis-
tration, provided its conduct entitled it to the sup-
port of the people, to be caieful how they entered
upon new and dangerous experiments. If he was
bent on breaking down an administration, he would
give up to it the unlimited control of the public
mone>s of the Government He could not vote
for the bill reported from the Committee on Pi-
nance, but he would vote for the motion of the
Senator from Georgia, (Mi. King,) to postpone
the whole subject to the next session of Congress,
when we shall have had an opportunity of ascer-
taining the wishes of our constituents. It is good
for us occasionally to consult the sovereign people.
Mr CALHOUN expressed his surprise that the
Senator from Georgia should have made a molioa
to postpone the further consideration of this subject
until the meeting of Congress in December next.
He regretted, too, that that Senator should not have
assigned some reasons for his motion. He (Mr. Cal-
houn) thought it was due to the countiy and to
Congress, that this question should be settled at the
piesent session. He stated that there were mil-
lions of money now waiting the result of our de-
cisions Even m the city of New York, the very
centre of the dis< less, a large amount was held back
under the supposit on that a Bank of the United
States would be created—a vain and idle and de-
lusive expectation. The objections to such an in-
stitution were insurmountable. The commercial
world knew not what to do. No man was
more sensible than the gentleman from Georgia
of (he necessity of prompt and decisive action
on the part ot Congress. Why, then, should
the subject be postponed' "Were we not as pre-
pared to decide the question now, as we should
Be in December' A postponement would be fatal
to the best interests of the country. Let the ques-
t on be decided new, and much would then be done for
the relief of the country. " Delays (said Mr. C )
are dangerous," and the remark wasnevermore true
than in the present case. Those opposed to the
Sub-Treasury scheme, backed by the banking in-
stitutions of the the country, presented an array of
force, formidable in the extreme. The banking
power and influence presented itself in eveiy direc-
tion, and would be brought to bear against the
measure, should there be any delay. To postpone,
then, would be doing nothing less than to surren-
der the question.
Mr. C. concluded by briefly defending his course-
m reference lo the Bank of ihe United States, against
the sentiments expressed by the Senator from
Georgia (Mr. King)
Mr. RIVES would, he said, say a word or two
in reply to the Senator from South Carolina, who
had again spoken of the Pennsylvania bank of the
United States, as if it was at all connected with
this question. But is it so' He denied that it had
any thing to do with this bill It strikes a vital
blow at the whole banking system of the country,
which was now incorporated with the prosperity of
Ihe country. Although opposed to the abuses of that
system, yet he saw that this blow would be fatal.
He was m fa vol of preserving the system at pre-
sent, inasmuch a  it was necessaiy to the existing
interests of the country He went on to answer
the Senator from South Carolina, who yesterday
insisted that this was a struggle between Mr. Bid-
die and the Go\ ernment, that it was an attempt to
recapture the deposites; that Mr. Biddle was try-
ing to get control oí the Government and ef the po-
litical institutions of the country Now is that the
pioposition I have submittetl' He denied that his
bill proposed any such thing. The gentleman
■ had treated the whole question as if it related to
the Bank of Ihe United States, and the restoration
of the deposites to that institution It did not re-
late to that more than to any other bank, nor lo the
deposites at all
Mr CALHOUN explained, if the Government
received the bank notes, they endorsed their credit,
and the deposites would follow
Mr. RIVES said, then the objection did not ap-
ply to his (Mr. R's) bill, but to the existing law of
the land. The law directs the mode m which the
depositaries "shall be selected. Ho referred to the
duties of the Secretary of the Treasury under the
