64
and had charges hurled back against them, but they
received them as became honorable men. They
nesper made personal charges wantonly; and when
general party charges were hurled back at them,
they never received them as personaltothemselves.
They met all personal charges as became them, for
they had pat their hand to the plough and it was
not for them to turn back. When assaulted,
they returned the assault. They never had
been personally attacked but once, by any of the
favorites of power, although he doubted not
that the resolution to do so had oft times been
formed. He had seen those persons march to a cer-
tain line boldly, but they never came over it. It
was true, however, that he. never desired to meet
them, as he always wished to avoid personal con-
flict, either in the House or out of it. General at-
tacks on his party he could meet as well as any
other gentleman; and although he had no desire to
have personal conflicts, personal attacks, whenever
made, either on himself or his a'.sent friend from
Tennessee, should be met in that determined
spirit with whicir he had entered upon the dis-
charge of this duty to his counlry. He was induced
to make these remarks in consequence of the gene-
ral declatation—for general declaration he must
call it, made by the gentleman from Mississippi on
yesterday. He knew not whether the declaration
was intended as personal to his friend from Ten-
nessee, or himself, or noi; but the remark was cer-
tainly true in its terms. The gentleman remarked
that the scenes enacted in the rooms of the inves-
tigating committees last session, were disgraceful
to the committee, disgraceful to the United States,
and disgraceful to the nation.
Wow, he perfectly agreed with the gentleman from
Mississippi in that general remark. The scenes
enacted in the investigating committee rooms were
disgraceful to the committee, disgraceful to the
House, and disgraceful to the nation. Such scenes
never were exhibited before in this Capitol, and he
hoped that they never again would be enacted. Sir,
they were all scenes perfectly exhibiting servility to
Executive power. He (Mr. W.) saw scenes en-
acted in both those committees which were enough
to convince him of the corruptions of the Govern-
ment. He saw the majorities of those committees
stooping before the power of the Executive, bowing
at the will of the President; covering up all the
abuses that had been charged against the Govern-
. ment, and directly sanctioning them. We saw a
scene in this House that was disgraceful to the-la't
Congress, and to Hie last House of Representatives.
The" very person who was charged as connected
with (he Executive m wasting the public money,
and bribing and corrupting the public mind, con-
tumaciously refused to appear before the commit-
tee and testify, and this House sustained him in
hat conduct.
He concurred mo.st fully with the gentleman ■
from Mississippi that the scenes enacted in those
committees were disgraceful to the House, and
two of the members of the majority of the com-
mittee of wlvichjhe was chairman, have been most
signally rebuked, in consequence ihereof. They
have been condemned by the voice of the people,
and are left 3t home. By looking over the list, it
would be found that there was but two here out of
the six, who were the majority of that com-
mittee.
In relation to the remarks of the gentleman from
Mississippi, he took none of them to himself as
personal, nor did he think any of those remarks as
applicable to his friend from Tennessee. If he
did, or if it was really apparent that those re-
marks were intended for him, or his friend, or
whenever he or his friend were charged as the au-
thors oí the disgrace of these scenes, or whenever
any disgraceful conduct was charged to him or his
friend, he would say to the man who uttered the
charge, that in his foul throat he lied!
Mr. GHOLSON wished to be understood as not
making any persona! allusion m his remarks to the
gentlemen from Tennessee, (Mr. Peyton,) as it
never was his custom to make any remarks to ap-
ply to persons who were not in a position to defend
themselves.
As to the gentleman from Virginia, (Mr. Wise,)
he might take the remarks he had  made on this I
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■                                                         ' '"     i    '' -
subject on yesterday as they were delivered, and
°iake a personal application of them if he chose; he
was not responsible for the publication as it ap-
peared in the Globe of yesterday, not having
seen the report of yesterday's remarks before
they went to press; the gentleman from Virgi-
nia (Mr. Wise) might take the remarks he
had made just as they were made, and make
what use of them he pleased; he repeated
again, that scenes did Uke place in the commit-
tee rooms which were disgraceful to Congress and to
the country; but in making this remark, he differed
from the gentleman from Virginia in bet eving that
the investigation threw any disgrace upon the late
administration. He had not been able, for the life
of him, to discover, after a close examination of
the testimony adduced, that any disgrace could at-
tach to the late administration. Although it had
been repeated again and again by the gentleman
from Virginia, that corruption did exist in the ad-
ministration, he (Mr. G.) had not been able to dis-
cover it. The gentleman had said that a disgrace-
ful scene took place in the House at the time; the
majority of the House sustained a witness who re-
fused to appear before one of the investigating com-
mittees. Now Mr. G. believed that the late House
sustained that witness, because they believed that
it would be doing injustice to him to send him be-
fore a committee; whose chairman had treated him
in the manner the chairman of that committee had
treated the witness.
A certain difficulty had taken place bafora ano-
ther committee;*-which the chairman of that com-
mittee took a part, and in consequence of this
difficulty, as he (Mr. G.) understood, the majority
of the House would not force the witness before
his committee. He considered that the circum-
stances of the case fully warranted the House in
making this decision, and he justified their conduct
on that occasion. Then, was this a disgraceful
scene*? Was it a disgraceful scene for the Ameri-
can Congress to protect an American citizen? If
so, Mr. S. was satisfied to take his share of the
disgrace. The witness (Mr. Whitney) was a
freeman, and entitled to all the rights and privi-
leges of an American citizen; and as much en-
titled to protection as the gentleman from
Virginia or any other gentleman. He had
before said that he knew nothing of Whitney per-
sonally, and what he knew of him from reputation
was rather calculated to make an unfavorable than
a favorable impression on his mind in relation to
that individual; because he was charged with bein<*
m league with the banks in Mississippi, which
banks, and those that sustained them, were his
(Mr. G's)political enemies—the enemies of the peo-
ple—and sustained by the party to which the gen-
tleman from Virginia belonged. Yet, notwith-
standing these banks were owned and controlled
by the whigs, they were denominated here the pet
banks "of the Government." He repeated here
that those banks in Mississippi were opposed to the
administration, and opposed to the election of him-
self and his colleague (Mr. Claiborne.) This
House was to be looked upon, according to the
doctrine of the gentleman from Virginia as
enacting disgrace, because it has sustained an
American citizen, in a stand he had taken in not ap-
pearing before a committee, whoso chairman had
made violent charges against him. It was easy to
make charges, butitwasdifficult toprove them. The
gentleman from Virginia no doubt believed all the
charges he had made against this individual but
he denied that he had proved them. He knew
Whitney as the agent of one of the banks alluded
to, but further than this he knew him not, nor did
he care what his character or conduct had been •
he viewed him only as an American citizen, and as
such he had rights secured bv the Constitution
(hat those in power had no right to take from him!
He considered it a duty to protect every individual
until the charges brought against him be proved.
Surely he did not look upon this as bowing at the
footstool of power to protect this individual under the
circumstances of the case. If it was so, however he
was ready to take his share of the responsibility
He cared not what charges gentlemen might make
against him.; he came there the representative of an
1 independent and of a magnanimous people  who
were not to be deterred from the support of an ad-
ministration which they believed acted in accor-
dance with the republican principles contained in
the Constitution, by the denunciations of any set of
men, or any party. He had not changed his mind
since he came to this House. He had not seen
the corruptions of which the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had spoken. And he had not changed his
political opinions since he came here. He had not
discovered those corruptions, and until he did dis-
cover them, he saw no reason for changing his po-
litical opinions. When he had the evidence of
them presented to him, then it would be time enough
to change the opinions he entertained when he en-
tered this House. When that occurred, he could
return and tell his constituents the cause of his
change, and if they went witb him be it so; but
until he made this discovery, he should continue to
support the party he had heretofore supported.
The gentleman from Virginia tells us that he
has discovered that the new States were at the bid-
ding of the President. Now he (Mr. G.) repre-
sented one of those new States, and he would take
the liberty of informing that gentleman that it was
neither at the bidding of the President nor of the
monarch of bank rags. Although they sustained
the late President and his administration, they did
so because they looked upon that administration as
acting in accordance with republican princi-
ple's. This was the reason they sustained that ad-
ministration, and not because they were bought
up. If they could be bought up, they would be
bought up by the banks. It was the banks that
bought up men, and not the administration.
Wherever you find the influence of banks existing
to any extent, there you will find the aristocracy of
wealth opposed to the democracy of numbers; and
wherever you find gentlemen who have worshipped
the golden calf, you will find that they have aban-
doned the good old republican doctrines, and cry
out loud and long against the party in power, and
those who sustain it. The only pel sons in. the
State he represented who were violently opposed to
the administration, were those who, like the gentle-
man from Virginia, claim to possess all the talent,
all the decency, and all the worth of the country.
The gentleman from Virginia further char-
ges the democratic party with being sustain-
ed by a corrupt press. Now if the press had
become corrupt, it had become universally cor-
rupt, and if the press in favor of the adminis-
tration was corrupted by the administration, the
press of the opposition was corrupted in the same
ratio by the opposition party, who had the com-
mand of nearly all the wealth in the country. A
large -majority of the presses of the country, so far
as his observation extended—and in the State of
Mississippi two to one—were opposed to the admi-
nistration, and this arose, in his opinion, from the
fact that the wealth of the country was tobe found
in the ranks of the opposition. The press, then,
with all its corruptions, is against us, if it is cor-
rupt. He denied the Charge unconditionally, that
the new States had been bought tip by the adminis-
tration, and it was an insult to the people
of the new States to make this charge. If
the gantleman from Virginia represented a constitu-
ency that would be bought up or bribed, he had
nothing to say to it; but for himself and his col-
league, [Mr. Claiborne] he claimed to represent an
intelligent, independent people, who would not, ñor
could not, be bought up either by the Government
or the banks; and who were not to be frightened
by the cries of the gentleman and his party from
the even tenor of their ways.
Mr. LOOMIS considered the remarks of the
gentleman from Virginia as an unjust attack upon
the absent members of the House With regard
to the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Pearce]
he.had nothing to say, but left him to be noticed
by those who had succeeded against him in that
State. In regard to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Mann] however, he must tell the gen-
tleman that he was entirely mistaken, as he was
not left out in the manner alluded to by the gentle-
man from Virginia, but remained at home m pri-
vate life, of his own choice.
Mr. WISE said there were four members of the
majority of that committee, who were not here
