66
result offered no exponent or indication of the will
of the people on thi measures of the administra-
tion, but arose from the combination of a variety
of sectional and personal causes. He felt assured
hat the confidence and approval of the people in
hose measures had undergone no change.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina desired,
he said, to say a few words upon the particular
measure feefore the House, in explaining his rea-
sons for the vote he intended "to give. He should
vote for the amendment of his colleague, because
it would make the measure s mewhat more ac-
ceptable, but he should vote against the proposition
fh'is amended. He had voted, with all his heart,
for the distribution, and his mind had undergone no
change, nay more had been confirmed, by every
thing that had occured since, of the wisdom of that
measure. One of the very best features of that
measure be regarded to be this: that it provided
that, should the future exigencies of the Govern-
ment require the return of the money deposited,
it could be made by State taxation, instead of
by ihA will of a majority of the Federal
Congress, ignorant, as past experience had
furiu.-.hed a melancholy proof, of the indi-
vidual interests of the States. If the case
should be presented, he should regard himself'as
false to his principles, and siso to those peculiar
interests he, in part, represented, if he hesitated in
giving back not only this instalment, but even the
interests upon it. But he did not regard this as a
case of that kind. He had gone over carefully
•and diligently, the statements made by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, and had also made a number
of calculations óf his own, and all came to the same
result, The result of that examination was that, de-
ducting $15,000,000, which the Secretary of the
Treasury admitted were not needed, the gross de-
mands upon the Treasury for the past and present
year would be over $70,000,000. In this state-
ment was included $37-,000,000 to be distributed,
the $16,600,000 of unexpended appropriations of
former years, and $32,000,000 of appropriations of
last year, making altogether $85,000,000 odd. De-
ducting the #15,000,000 which the Secretary said
would not be needed, there was then a clear fund
of $64,000,000, and with the addition of the funds
in the hands of disbursing officers, upwards of
$69,000,000. The accruing revenue of the last
half of the present year was assumed by the Secre-
tarv lo amount to $7,000,000, but it had been de-
monstrated to Mr. T's entire satisfaction to be
about }j9,500,0U0, making about §35,000,000.
As to to the funds in the hands of disbursing
officers, he would ask, were they not as much
the resources oí the Government as the funds ac-
tually in the Treasury'? They were only one step
further towards expenditure: that was all. They
were still in the hands of the Government. So in
taking the reverme of the last half year at
seven million*, instead of nine and a half, which
was the more correct estimate, there would be a
surplus. Hence, if $9,000,000 be distributed
among the States, and $12,000,000 of Treasury
notes, there would be upwards of $20,000,000 re-
maining m the Traasury, not tomeetthe necessities
and wants of the Government, but to be placed in
the Sub-Treasuries.
In reference to the Sub-Treasury scheme, Mr.
T. had one insuperable objection 'o it, among
others. It iv,r, that it would put into the power
of the Government the means, not only of coercing
the State banks, but of bringing absolute and
inevitable rain upon the communities in which
those banks were located. He contended, how-
ever, that the condition of the Treasury was not
such as to wan ant the carrying out such a scheme.
The Slates would not refuse to take the notes of
their State bunks in payment of the instalment.
He adverted to the law lfelf. It was of a charac-
ter even s'ronger than a mere common en-
actment, for it was a aw implying an obii
gation. The effect of the bills proposed would
be to ruin all the State banks, and he would rather
see the whole surplus sunk in the ocean, ere he
would inflict upon this country the calamity and
min that must and would result from the coercion
of those institutions. He regarded the bills to be
all of the same character, part and parcel of the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
same scheme, branches of the same system, so,
running- into each other that it was impossible,
wisely and intelligently, to look into one of them
without considering the whole.
The policy the Government intended towards
the banks, Mr. T. designated as not only unkind
and cruel, but ferocious. To press them at such
a time as this would bring on general ruin. To
demand specie from them, they must necessarily
press their own debtors for specie; and they, in
turn, must press those owing them. Why was the
great distinction made between the banks and the
merchants'? Specie was not demanded of the lat-
ter, nor should it be of the others, at such a period
as fhe present.
As to the Sub-Treasury system, [Mr. T. said,] in
no possible form in which the ingenuity of man
could place it—by no false or delusive name by
which it could be called—would he ever as-
sent to it. He had been told that it was not
a Sub-Treasury sytem. He insisted that it
was. It was the very Sub-Treasury system
he had been taught to look upon for years
with alarm and dismay. It was the very Sub-
Treasury system projected by a man he understood -
was holding an appointment at Washington, and
who first became known to the country by the pub-
lication of this project—he alluded to Mr. Gouge.
It was a proposition against which Mr. T. had
been long warring, and he saw nothing then to
change his position.
It was called not another experiment, bat an "ex-
pedient." The word "experiment" had become
odious; and he had strong reasons for believing
that, if they were to go on much longer under the
present order of things, they would run through the
whole vocabulary of the English language for
terms. However, it was a somewhat favorite sign
of things, that the Jack Cade banner was to be ta-
ken down, and to be substituted by the ferule of
the schoolmaster! This at least is a good sign,
for that word was well chosen. The word " expe-
dient" meant something emjiloyed in an exigency,
and no word in the English language could have
been better selected for the present purpose than
that word " expedient."
Mr. T. then went into the objections to the sys-
tem in question. The primary and main one was
thar it put into the hands of a Government, already
armed with the sword, the unrestricted, free, un-
controlled, and almost irresponsible command of
the purse strings. The present incumbent of the
Executive chair was not able to wield the
sword of Achilles, and therefore he must
have in his own hands the complete control
of the whole revenue of the country, to he used for
party purposes, in elections, &c. Mr. T. put the
case of an approaching election in the city of New-
York. How easy might it be, on the eve of that
election, to forward on three, four, or five millions
of dollars, to be placed, perhaps, in the hands
of a single man or institution, to be used in con-
trolling the election. Was it wise, prudent, or"
just to throw into the way of any set of men such
a power as this? And what was it but giving the
' Federal Executive unlimited power over the whole
money of the country, and in the most objectiona-
ble form? Mr. T. should infinitely prefer a Go-
vernment bank, organized as a Government bank
with branches in the several States. Not a Sub-
Treasury scheme! Why it was ¡a Sub-Treasury sys-
tem in its most irresponsible and most dangerous
form. Nay, lie would go further. The scheme
was not only the embryo of a Government bank,
but it was in itself, to all intents and purposes, a,
Government bank of issue and deposite. Un-
questionably of deposite, for the public funds
had to be deposited there. Unquestionably
of discount; for how else were their funds to
be disposed of from one place to another? There
would necessarily be a vast accumulation in
the city oí New York; in another region, where
payments were required to be made, there might be
no funds; and how were they to be transferred? In
wagons? No, but by Mis of exchange, to be bought
and sold, either with a profit or loss"
This, too, would produce another evil. They
would be deslined to see acted over there again
claims after claims, coming in day after day, of the
1 same   character  as  the noted   Purviance claim,
which occupied half a century.                                       ¡,
It was also to  be a bank of issue.   These war-
rants would not only pass current from one agent        ]
to another, but the Government itself was directly
to issue a currency, in  the form of notes, to be
signed by the Secretary of the Treasury as cashier.
There was also another objection, not less m- j
superable, and that was the insecurity of the public j
money. Could bond to a sufficient amount be I
given by individuals to secure the Government ]
from loss?   Impossible.                                                  :
Mr. T. reiterated Ins condemnation of what he        ¡
described to be an effort to enlist popular prejudice
against the deposite banks for their suspension of
specie payments.     They had never been able to         1
pay the deposite in specie, and  the administration        {
knew it.                                                                         \
They were no more able to do so when the public        ;
money  was  first  deposited with them than they        •
were at the present  time, and  he adverted to the        ;
condition of the New York banks in proof of this
fact.    The Secretary knew, at the time he deposi-
ted, that they could not; and yet he  deposited the
money with   them, and  continued to do so, their        I
condition remaining the  same, he all the time tel-
ling Cxmgress it was safe.    And, added Mr. T.
they were safe, and so they still were, unless soci-
ety   should  be   altogether  torn  up  by the roots.
They had not  specie, it  was trae, but they had
mat which was as good.    They had hens upon all
the property m the country.
But did the Government itself pay in specie?
Could it pay in specie? Unquestionably. How?
Why, it possessed stock which, thrown into the
European market, would procure as muchspecie as it
wanted. He insisted, however, that in refusing to pay
specie when they did, the banks had not only acted
honestly, but they would have acted fraudulently if
theyhad not,because they would thereby have given
•a preference to those living near them over the dis-
tant creditor; have prevented that general distribu-
tion of what funds they had among their whole
creditors, and would have disabled themselves from
paying a large portion of them at all. He then
contrasted the conduct of the French Government
during the time of the embarrassment consequent
upon John Law's Mississippi scheme, with that of
the United States m the late crisis, which
he designated as atrocious. He also, for the same
reason, adverted to the conduct of the British Go-
vernment in 1797, which, on a like occasion, when
ruin and umver al distress threatened to engulf
the commerce and trade ot that country, came for-
ward with the offer of a loan of several millions
of exchequer bills to the merchants, the mere of-
fer of which alone averted the impending calami-
ty and restored confidence.
Mr. T. then entered into a variety of statements in
suppott of his opposition to the recommendations of
the President-—the bankrupt law in particular. He
examined ths principles and effects of that law in
England, and pronounced a similar one here, if
adopted, to be one of the most unconstitutional
and insolent assumptions of power ever set up in
the history of this Government. He concluded by
repeating his declaration, that he should support
Mr. Pickens's amendment, as making the bill less
objectionable; but even should the amendment be
engrafted on it, he should vote agamst the whole
proposition as delusive, not required by the state of
the Treasury, and inexpedient.
Mr. HALSTEAD asked the indulgence of the
committee to state a few of his reasons for oppos-
ing the bill. Two of the groimdson which be based'
his opposition were, first, that the bill was unne-
cessaiy; and, second, that m the present state of
the country it was inexpedient. On what giounds
did the advocates of the bill rest their support'
* They said that there was a deficiency in the pub-
lic Treasury. But he had been informed that
there was a doubt on that subject; and if it should
be shown that a doubt existed, that doubt, by right,
belonged to the people, and not to the Govern-
ment. Admitting, for the sake of argument, the
statement of the Secretary to be correct, the whole
amount of deficit was" about nine millions of
dollars.
The question then was, had not the Government
