CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
available means to meet the deficiency without
passing the law? It had been said, that there were
in the hands of disbursing officers five millions of
dollars. Why not take that money? It was also
said that the Government owned several millions
in United States Bank bonds. Why not resort to
that? He would much rather resort to either of
those than to pass the proposed bill. But there
vas another source. The President had told them
in his Message that the last Congress had last year
appropriated six millions more than was asked.
Then why not resort to that in the present exigen-
oj? Thus il was evident that there were from
eighteen to nineteen millions of dollars available
to Government from these sources. The advocates
of the bill'werc attempting to pass it through the
House under false colors. The bill said that the
instalment would be postponed "until a further
provision by law." There was no ground to sup-
pose that the law would ever make that provi-
sion, and it was certain that it never would
be made. He deprecated the idea of issuing
Treasury notes, inasmuch as it would be the
same as creating a national debt. He would,
then, endeavor to show that the bill was unneces-
sary and inexpedient in the present state of the
country. It had been said that the agreement be-
tween the Government and States was not a con-
tract. What was a contract? A contract was an
agreement between two parties to do a particular
thing. He would hold that the United States Go-
vernment was a corporation or party able to make
a contract, as were also the State Governments;
and when the latter agreed to accept what the for-
mer offered, that amounted to a contract between
them. The Government had been held up as the
creditor of the States, and as possessed of the. right
to exact payment from them. But instead of
the General Government acting the miser,
and demanding its "pound of flesh," it ought
rather to act as the parent to the child,
or the guardian to his ward. The aim of the
Government should be the benefit of the ma-
jority of the people. The preamble of the Con-
stitution told them that one of the objects of
the Confederacy was the welfare of the people; but
now a new reading was given to it. It was said
that the Government had nothing to do with the peo-
ple—it must take care of itself. When the ship
of State was sinking, the Govern ment took the
long boat and left the people to pen h. [Mr. H.
then entered into a statement showing ¡he difference
in the amount of discounts and circulation of the
depos.te banks between the 1st of March and the
3 5th of August of the past year, to show the proba-
ble effects of a further withdrawal of specie from
them.] For his part, if there was any source of
relWhc would be glad to mío, it, and to have an
oppoitunity of drinking from the refreshing
stream. What was the measure of relief proposed?
It was similar to that, by which Dionysius the
tvrant proposed to relieve the statue of Jupiter.
There was a robe of massive gold on the statue,
which the tyrant took away, alleging that it was
too cold, and substituted a garment of wool. In
like manner had Ihe people been fleeced of the
golden robe of their currency, and had been given
a garment of rags. It had been said that the
President would follow in the steps of his prede-
cessor. If he did so, there would be a fair prospect
of relief! for Andrew Jackson never fulfilled a
single promise he had made to the people previous
to taking possession of the Executive chau, or m
his inaugural address.
Mr. WILLIAMS rao\ed that the committee
rise, explaining that he made the motion from the
evidence exhibited lhat a number of gentlemen
wished to address the committee, (several gentle-
men rose to address the Chair at the time) and it
was obvious they could not get thiough the bill that
night.
The motion prevailed—ayes 90, noes 73; when
the committee rose, and the'Chairman reported nro-
gvest.
'Mr. GARLAND of Virginia roseandstated that,
owing to domestic matters over which 1 e could
not dispense, he should be compelled to leave the
city on Wednesday next; and in consequence of the
peculiar position he occupied before the House and
the country, he was very anxious to submit his
views before he left, and he gave notice that, on
Monday next, he should throw himself upon the
indulgence of the House for leave, at that time, to •
introdn.ee the bill of which he had given notice
some days since.
On motion,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, September 25, 1837.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial from Geo.*
M. Alsop, and one hundred and twenty other legal
voters of Philadelphia; also, from Wesley Havall,
John Burtis, and other*, of Philadelphia city and
count)'; also, from Benjamin J. .Taney, William
Simpson, and others, of Philadelphia city and
county; also, from Jane Shoemaker, Sarah Burtis,
and others, of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against the annexation of Texas to
the United State,-; which were laid on the table.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented a petition
from citizens of Wheeling, praying the establish-
ment of a national bank; also, one from citizens of
Baltimore, praying the incorporation of a national
bank, or the substitution of the United States Bank
of Pennsylvania: referred to the Committee on
Finance and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
sundry citizens of the city and county of Philadel-
phia against the annexation of Texas; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial from the
Insurance Companies of New York, Baltimore,
and Maine, praying indemnity for lo;,s of a vessel
captured by a French privateer m the yrear 1800;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. N1LES submitted the following joint reso-
lution :
Hesolced by Ihe Senate muí House, of Reprcsenta-
tivesofthe United Slates of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the two Houses of Congress will adjourn,
and close the present session on Monday, the 9th
of October next.
Mr. HUBBARD introduced a resolution that the
meeting of the Senate from and after its passage I
should be iO o'clock.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill imposing certain duties on public officers as
depositories in certain cases. The question pend-
ing being on Mr. CALHOUN'S amendment to
separate the Government from the banks.
Mr. CLAY had waited to hear all the plans that
could be biought forward to redress the evils under
which welaborcd. He wished to learn from all quar-
ters of the Senate, without regard to the opposition,
the best means of alleviating the distress, and had,
with that view, divested himself of every patty lie,
ofevery passion or prejudice thai might be supposed
to lead him from his purpose.    He was, however,
compelled in  fianknessto  declare, that so far, he
had heard nothing from one side but temporary
expedients, and  Ihe  other an aggravation of Ihe
ills instead oí a curs.   No matter from what cause
our distresses  sprung, sufficient fur us was it to
know they did exist, and under tV.ese circumstances,
it was the duty of every parental Government to
afford relief.    If the  cause of the  disiiess was by
the action of   the  Government, how  much   moie
necessary was it to correct the consequences of its
'>wn  error.    In   looking back,   and  tracing these
evils to their true source, it was far from his wish
to cast  reproaches, or awaken   animooiues; under
the extreme  ¿uttering  that pervaded the land, he
hoped  that all part  political strife was  forgotten.
Five years ago we had the soundest currency m the
world, its character stood  high in every quaiter of
the giube; it  regulated  foreign  and   domestic   ex-
change, and  controlled,   ami kept within healthful
bounds,  the  private  banking  institutions  of   the
country.    If ihe currency was in that high perfec-
tion then, and now m a state of utter derangement,
and predictions had be n made   as to  the con-
j  sequences of disturbing it, and fulfilled to the very
letter, could any rational man doubt the  causes
of the present condition of our beloved country?
I     The President, in his Message, had referred to the
condition of Europe, and told us that the same
causes that produced the distress here, had operated
there; this was a most erroneous conclusion. The
monetary system in England was sound and per-
fect, and ever had been so. The question" of char-
tering the banking institutions of the two countries
was a cotemporancous one. In England, there
was no refusal to charter; here there had been.
There, business was active and thriving; here,eveiy
thing was languid and prostrate; there, the currency
was sound—no s-uspension of specie payments;
here it was deranged, and specie no where to be
seen. Had ihe United States Bank been rechar-
tered, these evils would not have been felt; or if
felt in a limited degree, would soon have passed off.
Mr. Clay read from documents, to show that
instead of an expansion in England, as stated in
the Message, there had been an actual diminution,
and how the Message could justify itself by such
an assertion, was to him astounding.
The greater portion of the distress that prevailed
in England, was owing to her connection with our
country. England had the largest trade with us,
and France next, and France had suffered in pro-
portion. All the great houses that had failed m
Europe, were more or less connected with Ameri-
can trade.
An explanation would be found for all the
causes of our present slate in the conduct of the
General Government in refusing to recharter the
bank. The removal of the deposites, the gold bill,
and, last not least, the glorious Treasury circular
so often referred to. The United States Bank
would have acted as a sentinel, keeping the other
banks in their proper spheres; but, in the present
system, ihe responsibility was divided among some
50 or 60 banks, all ignorant of each other, and of
the means of meeting the exigences of the Trea-
sury, and having no affinity with it.
Mr. C. asked wdiat was intended to be done ulti-
mately with the deposites; it was their intention to
remove them at some time he presumed, and then
the consequences would have been alike injurious
to those banks. The deposite law of 1836 took the
surplus and placed it in the keeping of the States;
that was calculated to check the expansion of the
banks, to open their eyes, and arrest their ruinous
progress.
Mr. C. said there might be another way of
accounting for the embarrassment; for the last four
years our Government could not be said to be a
free Government. In a free Government, the will
of the people controlled the Chief Magistrate; in a
despotic one, the Chisf Magistrate controlled the
nation. He did not believe the Jackson party
would have governed the country so badly, if it
had been permitted to have its own way. "It was
not so much want of wisdom as want of firm-
ness. Its fatal error had been in not listening to
the sound dictates of its judgment, but in justifying
all the President did. He appealed to Senators if
such were not the fact. He did not wish them to
make any precious confessions to him, but to
satisfy their own consciences. He believed a
majoiity of the party here were in favor of a re-
charier of the bank; a majority of them had dis-
countenanced the removal of the deposites, and the
Treasury circular; but the will of cm?.,man had
controlled the part)-, and the consequences were
what we now beheld them.
He alluded to an honorable Senator whom he
had long knewn, he might say from his early
youth, who had introduced the subject of the re-
charter in the Senate and supported it with great
ability, and, m three weeks afterwards, applauded
and extolled the veto. Where was he now? The
fact might speak for itself. When a man was
found passing, as it were, a self-castigation on his
own acts, and extolling the conduct of the Execu-
tive veto on those acts, filling a splendid mission
ab.-oad, it was only for enlightened men to pass
upon such facts.
Mr. C. adverted to the plans proposed by the
administration as fraught with the worst con-
sequences to the people—he alluded particularly to
the bill in relation to this district, which he called a
bill of pains and penalties, and doubted the con-
stitutionality of the proposed proceedings in rela-
tion to the State banks.   He maintained there was
!
