7$
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ¡M. n' i, mat he was not prepared to say he
would vote ,,'u • 'hep-ssageof tlnsbili, if the
amendment whicul edesued should be made, should
tail; for, from the disposit.on discovered by a ma-
jority here, not only to hold on to that which they
Mve, but to get all they can, fro i> the public Trea_
stiry, he was dispose to save as much for the Go
vernment as he e< uld, and to do so, it might be
necessary to relinquish the three mscalments now
deposited, to secure the last.
Mr. M. said that he had reluctantly detained the
committee as long as he had done, and should not
tiespassupon their patience longer, that they had
endured much already, m listening to the few re-
marks touching the measure undei consideration,
which had been made by several gentlemen, and a
very great numbei of íemarks upon every other
subject that could be thought of by gentlemen unon
this floor. He had not gone into the effects which
this measure threatened to produce upon the legisla-
tion here. All unlersland its danger, who will re-
flect upon U foi one moment. Settle this policy of
distribution upon the country, and the rights of
the S'ates will become a thing that has been, but
which is now gone forever.
Mr. TILLINGH AST spoke briefly against the
bill, on the ground of its being a violation ofacon-
tiact
Mr. ADAMS inquired of the Chair whether the
amendment submitted by the gentleman from Ala-
bama (Mr. Martin) was in order.
The CHAIR replied that he had entertained the
amendment, not feeling himself authouzed to reject
it, and no objection was made to entertaining it at
the time.
Mr. ADAMS did not consider the amendment oí
the gentleman from Alabama as an amendment to
the amendment of the gentleman fioni South Caio-
hna, (Mr. Pickens.) He (Mr. A.) had an amend-
ment to that amendment to submit, which, fiom the
natute of it, could not be submitted in the House
unless it was first otfeicd in committee, which he
should like to have the puvilege of submitting.
Mi. MARTIN then ¡ose and stated that he did
not considei his amendment as entirely regulai,
and as he would lake the opportunity of submit-
ting n hereafter, he, for the present, would with-
draw it.
Mr.  ADAMS
amendment:
"And all the balances of public moneys due
from all the deposite banks are hereby appropriated
to tne said payment, and no part of them shall be
applied lo any other paj merit uhatcvei; and it the
poition of the said balances due by the said depo-
site banks cannot be recovered in time to enable
the Treasmy to pay Ihe whole of the said deposite
with the Slates, hereby made payable on the first
day of January, 1839, then the instalment of debt
'•mi the iat  Bank of the United States, foi the
sloe* in that msutution held by the United Staff
Ef-ílf. '^n 0clober. ^8, is heicbj appropriated tó
from th„^Kini,uffic'ency ot lhe """^ recovered
™ír,feP>de banks to complete the said pay-
ment of the foü*h 1Mlahnenl 0V „le rtppnsup V1 h
the Stales and ihhe said Sll       .„     '     nrlatcd
payment, lhe faith of t,„ TjniteQ States is her, h,
pledged that provision slu,,be made bVccXi
to complete the same."                             y 0cmSre&s
Mr. ADAMS did not wish to cnter mto the ,
oussioti which had occupied som7| fti'il'
of the House, as to whethei the depo„te i-,v,,."" n
c ontraet or not; without entering into tr„ aur-s,^,,
«helhei it was technically a contract, u ^ ' '''
to his mind that it was a pinmise, given „ JZ
Government, and accepted b} the States, ¿Í
w hctner that was a conhact oi not, he consider^
it binding upon both pa-ties The piorna was -0
de| o.-te a gnei specific sum, an 1 that ^ m was 'o
be d vwed n, -> foi , nans oi instalments, but the
premise «as thai the whole sjm v as to be deposited
with the States As to the matter whethei a por-
tion of this was hable to be ca'led for, he thought
it wo,lW po, bee ,-ic-i for, b-canse lh.- contingency
had noi happened, and he d,d not think it would
happen, thatwouldiequu. a port.on to be died tor
He  look «that   tije ?romlv, on   „Jp p^^or the
then  submitted  the  following
United SiaHs must be fully fulfilled, as much as if
it were a debl
Mi. PICKENS h m< d 'hat tnc committee would
nse, so as to give the gent'eman from Massachu-
setts the opportunity of giving his views at a more
propitious moment than the present. He would,
therefore, move ¡hat the committee use, i£ the gen-
tleman would gi\e way.
Mr. ADAMS did not ask that ths comma1 ee
should rise, as ho had bat a few w oids to say He
held that the United States was bound m good faith
to perform, as far as it could, Ihe whole of the
promise which n had made A state of thmgshas
arisen in which the nation itself is not able to per-
form, at present, the promise it had made With re-
spect to one fourth of the sum it had promised.
This state of things arises fiom the circumstance
of the inability ot the ceposite banks to p¿y lhe
sum due by them to the Government. Now he
was willing to go so fai as to modify this promise
in a mannei to indulge the Government o" the
United States with t me—to indulge the deposite
banks, who aie unable to make the payment, with
time, and he vv?s willing to take the time proposed
by the gentleman fiom South Caiohna; but in do-
ing that, he wished for his own part, and as a re-
presentative ot the State of Massachusetts, to be
fully and thoroughly understood as opposing a re-
peal of the deposite law, and that this bill should
never be construed into a repeal of that bill, so fai
as this fourth instalment v as concerned
It so happened that, by the siatement of the Se-
cretary of the Treasury, the sum to be paid was as
nearly as possible the balance which was due tiom
the deposite banks to the United States—about n.ne
millions of dolíais, and as he supposed a portion
of this sum might still not be obtained from some
of those banks, m order to make assei wee doubly
sure, he had inserted a conditional appiopnation oi
the instalment which will be due the Govern-
ment from the Bank of the United States in October
next, «inch will just be intime to meet this ea<e,
and if it should turn out that even that sum should
not be sufficient, he proposed by his amendment to
give a solemn pledge < r the United Slates, that it
■" ill provide for the fointment of the piomise it
made by the deposite law
Mr. JOHNSON of Mar}land of Mar, land had
intended oiigmally lo have voted tor the amend-
ment of Mr. Pickens, and then for tha bill, hut it
was now his intention to vote against both of them.
His reason was this He had original supposed
lint the bill wps designed foi the relief of the Tiea-
Miiy, and then that .t vvou'J leave a sutfeent fund
to enable that Dcpaitmrnt 'o go on He should
also vote against the bill ti ..iithonze Ihe issue ot
Ircasury notes, becpnse it would have the effect of
throwin,, out a spurious currencv, and n was his
decided conviction that they out,it to effect a loan.
They had the constitutional light to do this If
ihe Government was bankrupt, the) o íght at once
to meet thai question, and not dodse n by autho-
n/i 'g the Secretary of me Treasmj to do do what
Mr. J. believed that officci had not the po-vei to
do     He (Mr. J) was foi a lorn of lnm ten to
Uc * , millions, and he would heaih.lv "vote for it.
One gentleman had said ihat if a loan was
effected, they must ncctssaidv increase tne tana
Now, a'tliougliMi J but no Iks dity lo a 1 ,r>iT,
vet he should be as unwilling as an) otbu mem-
ber, at that time, to incieasc t Cut it d d not
fo'lov a, a matter cf course, lhat, because they
created a loan, l' ey hum notessaiily increase the
tar if.
Mr. PHUTTagi
t > bike the q ic^iun.
as long ?s aaj on
mind ,bai th"\ > \\
wdrch itia pc
ll ev mes ,    [<
i   ip,
He
■, but
OtilCi
nad  sent
lo  2"
lb,
viform   'I en   m   < s
thtar minds w> ,   -, > 1 '"up, tb ,  s u u'<
Senav, had d spiseit oí th s aucstjo i ip
>ig-     We had beer de\ir n
with late s^uns, and had "
one days, without acting oi
which  they had  co nme> ced.     W>;
Was it not fme to do somethir 
lalcd to ine (ommutee
..s v ,,' n<; to sit theie
it shou' 1 be bo, nc in
duties to peifo.m, for
tb"ni i ics.0. Speak
t v i   ncccssaiy to
wastmg the people's nvm^i   Smely
! i' ^ hen
■Ht The
one .rorn-
o'e week,
n iaen'j-
ore smglo question on
th's n^hll
nd ret  be
a   v,
en m s^ss'
it  was not
worth while to be siitmg there after every man's
ruind was made up Ht meant no chscnu f-sy to
the gentleman who last addressed the House, but
even he had distinctly declaied that he had positively
made up his mind, and intended lo vote both
against ihe bill and the amendment
Mr POPE insisted that the ongmal bill, unless
amended, though nol in terms, was in effect a re-
pi al of so much of the deposite law as authorized
the p?yment of the fourth instalment, a law of as
solemn an engagement, in his opinion, as was ever
passed. Tnat the General Government w as most
solemnly bound by that act was a proposition as
clear to his mind as any he was eiei called upon
to consider. He therefore protested against the
passage of the bill, unless (he two amendments (of
Messrs. Picket  and Adams) weie engrafted upon
it If they were, he w as aillmg to go foi the bill,
because it then only postponed the payment of the
fourth instalment; without them, he could not, be-
canse the bi 1 would be a virtual but covert repeal
of a solemn acl oí Congress.
Mr. CHAMBERS of Kentucky opposed the bill,
and commented upon the mode in which the Secre-
tary of the Treasury had carried out the piovisions
of the deposite law.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then rose and brought to
the notice of the House an amendment which he
desired to offer when the proper time should arrive,
bin st, ted that he had no prospect of getting beloie
the House to-night He deprecated the course
pmsned by the majority of sitting all night to foice
a bill through Committee of the Whole He never
had seen any good to lesult from it, and hoped it
would no* be practised at the pr s„ut session, as it
had been at tonnei sessions ofCongie's It was
useless for the majority to attempt to control the
natuial course of pioceeding, because when theie
weie a large number of gent emen who desued to
speak on a measure, they would speak no matter
what the hou-was. Mr. U. thru, at half past
Uelve o'clock, moved lhat ihe committee nse, and
the question being taken, it appeared the ayes wer«
84, noes 84, the Chair voting m the negative, the
motion was disagreed to.
Mr MERCER then renewed the motion that the
committee rise, and called for teller;, when the
vote stood—ayes 90, noes 89
The committee then rose and reported, and the
Speaker having resumed the Chair,
Mr. HOWARD  asked leave of the House to
make a motion  that the  hour of meeting of the
House on to-day should be changed to lfo'clock
Objection honever being made—
On motion of Mi. ÍIEED,
The  House  adjourned at a qna-ter before one
o'clock.
Hoisf of Repefsen'tithes
Sept. 23d, 1837.   ' j"
Gentwvifn—Behevms; that the report m the
Globe of Friday is calculated to pioduce an
impiession different from that which 1 intended to
comey in íclation to the feelings of my brother
(«en. CampbiU) low aids the majoi'ti of the select
committee of the last Confess, «hose pi ice dir-s
ha\e been so often adverted to, " m the ¿«bar* on
the Florala wai," I leqnest tha* jcimuM t ubhsh
the fo lonug, which con e ns ,ho suls'ance of mv
lema ks on t^at deberle «i'ljeci
lexprfssed mj com iction that Gc i-ral Cam >
bell thought, pnu pe-hans ji* j, that the mrv.níy
ot lhe c unmi'fee was undo tre influence of si^o-
P'rtv fcfcbi.gs, Kn had nevr, to my knivlcd^
impu'ed to that majout; , ot to an individual mem-
ber o< it, dishouoiahle motn es—that he c er'sheel
I no bittcmess of f(e'ng towaid3 the maionti nay
j   more—f r a rarl of t > '   wij"ulii, I wps c mvince t
th't be tntpr aincd ff r mgs oí peiso lal reg-id.
j                        Veiv resp=ctfulji ,
j „           _              ,   ,       JOU^ CAMPBELL
Mtss,-,. ErAinanf llnis.
T P. Bn'k.
Df > r Sir
Esq
Hot f 0" Rrpr,.rsi-\i \,-
Í" tihingtm, Sip'  25
VI s,
, 1837
}
The Globe o^Tlu .-sday evening last
in giving a sketch oi my rcnmiks on that day on
the bill to postpone the payment of the fourth ,„.
payment of the fourth :
