CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
treasure with the States would tend lo defeat appro-
priations forth? constitutional purposes of this Go-
vernment, ths very purposes for which n was called
into existence. Worse than this had now already
been w tnessed. It had been recommend • I urged
upon them, to recal or suspend appro^^t'ons
which a former Congress had made for proper and
necessary constitutional objects, that the sum 4
nine millions of the publ c moneys, put into the
hands of the Federal Government for those very
objects, might be w ithdrawn from them and depo-
sited with the States Such a course could not re-
ceive his sanction it would be contrary to his con-
victions of duty; and he had foimed a very errone-
ous estimate of the intelligence and patriotism of
the American people, or it would not meet with
their approbation.
Mr. CAMBRELENG thought the House would
agree with him when he said there had been sufii-
cie'U discussion on tins subject For his part, he
was most aHtious for a short session, as were
many others. With that view, he now proposed
to the House that the question be taken on the
subject before it. He believed it w as the general
desire of all parties that the previous question
should be demanded He, therefore, called for it,
but he had no objection to a call of the House, if
it was required.
At the suggestion of set oral members, Mr C
also mads the litter motion, which pievailing, the
Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and 215 members
having answered to then names.
Mi MUHLENBERG moved tha* all further
proceedings m the call be dispensed with
Mi CAMBRELENG, w ith a view of affording
the absent membei, time to resume their seats,
moved that the yeas and nays be taken on that
proposition, which being ordered, íesulted as fol-
lows—yeas 123, nav.s 74
So the mot on piev?iled
Tne previous questioi was í'ien seconded with-
out a division
Mr. CLARK called for the yeas and nays on
the mam question, wnich being ordered, resulted—
yeas 149, nays 81, as follows.
YCAS—Messrs A lams. Alexander, Heman Alien, John W
Allen, Beatty, Bell, Bidd e, Bond, Borden Briggs Brenson,
Btuyn, William B Calhoun John Oaihoon William It
Cimpbell, John Campbell, William li Carter, Casey, Cham
liei , Chaney, Ch ath.am, Childs, Claiboine, Claik Cleveland
Olowney, Connoi, Ciaiy, Cranston, Crockett, Cuius, Gushing,
Darlington Dawson, j J ivies Debeirv Dennis Duncan, Dunn,
Edwards, E'morc, Evans Everett, Ew ng Richard Fletcher,
TllYiore Fistoi, Rico (-.at¡and, Gtnlbon, kia^ock, Goode
James Gi iham, Wi'lnm fiianam Grauland Oram Graves
Grav, Giemi 11 Griffin, Hall Himnwil Haner, IPirlan,
Harper, Ha tnes Haynes ÍI nry, tteiod Honman Holsev,
Ilipkms Tab0z Tackson, Temftr, Ilemy Johnson, Nathaniel
.Tmes Kilccore, legale í"albetter T ewis, Lincoln, Anthew
W Ioomis Lyon Malloiy, Mirun,  amson Mason Maun,
Mty, Mixwell Mot lure, MrKim McKennan Meaeta.,
Meicei, Milliptn Monteomcrv Mitthias Minis CaharyMnr
ris Murray \tvlot Vi)es Oite, Pitleison, Peck, Petnkm,
Phillips Pickcis Pipi, Put Prentl s Kan'en Red,
lleicher Rhut llichaidsin, Hii?ewiv, Robeieo  Rumsiv,
Russell, ^awyei, S r^eant \ui$!istine II S'iepptrd, Charles
bhepatJ Slndds Shipler S b'cv «I ule, bfith «nvder South
g->te Stanley, Falltfoiro, fn unnson Tdlmshasi, Titus To
Ian 1, Towns Iliidei wood Vul Van lei ven Alberts White,
John White Elisha Whlt*]e-ey, lewis Williams, Sheiroi Vwl
liams Josepn Williams OhiHiophor II ^'I'liams, W< e,
Woit'vnittoii  and Itorke—141
"NVl*— Me^is Vnlxison, Amlit.ni V herton, \ycknsg,
Bfirne Bickneli land-sail Boon, Bro lhead Buchanan Cam
brt eoj; Timothy J Gamr Chapmtn, Ciiíey, Coles, < ran?,
< i-hiian Davce Dei.taft D om<* lole Tailing on, I urfield,
Isiic rhu hei Piv Gtilup H hy Halstoid, liaruson, Hawes,
Iiiwun  IIi'l Ilovard Hubley Vwliam H Hunter Rourt
M T Hunter, In.:liim Tnnns B Tae'r3on, loseph lihnson
William Cist John=on John W Ja íes Kemb'e, Klms;en
smi h losan, Mphaic-d Lmmis, lames M Mav-in, Maiiin,
McKay ll il)=.t MeClellai Abr iha n McCIellan Miller, Voon
Mirean Samu l W Mim- MuhlinVig, Noble, Owens,
Palmei Piiktr, Parmen'ei, Pa Ion Paynler, Pennyhackrr,
Pnelps, flumei, Raidilph Reilv III es, Shefter, Spencer,
Stewar Miration Tiyltr Tliomae '1 nicey, liirney, Wa
g-ner Webster Week«, T lOinisT Whittlovy, and laied \\
Willllams-Rl
So the question to reconsider prevailed
Mr PICKENS then submitted his amendment
to strike out of the bill, "until finther provision
by law,'' and insert, " until the first of January,
1839 " In subrrutiing this amendment, he would
merely say thai it was rot his intention to debate
it further, and he hoped and trusted that we might
be enabled to take the vote without much further
debate, because he was sat sfied that the House
must be exhausted and the subject thoroughly un-
derstood. He hoped genlleme  would not piotract
the discussion, and  that the   previous question
might not again be moved until a vote was taken
upon this amendment
Mr HAYNES suggested to Mr. Pickens to ac-
cept as a modification of his amendment the fol-
lowing : " T< be made according to the provisions
of the deposite act of June 23, 1836, provided
there should be a sufficient surplus m the Treasu-
ry." In which Mr. Pickens expressed his entire
concurrence, but declined accepting on account of
the objections of gentlemen around him.
Mr HAYNES then offered it as an amendment,
on the ground that the amendment proposed by
Mr. Pickens creattd an unconditional obligation
upon the Treasury, whether it was m the possession
of funds or not; bat he subsequently withdrew it at
the solicitation of others
Mr. ADAMS then submitted the following a  an
amendment to the amendment :
■' And all the balances of ¡public moneys due
from all the deposite banks are heieby appropriated
to the said pay ment, and no part of them shall be
applied to any other payment whatever; and if the
portion of the said balances dup by the said depo-
site banks cannot be recovered in time to enable
the Treasuiy to pay the wholt of the said deposite
with the States heieby made payable on the first
of January, 1839, then the instalment of debt from
the late Bank of the United States for the stock in
that institution held by the United States payable
in October, 1838, ishereby appropriated to make up
any insufficiency of the sums recovered from the
deposite banks, to complete the said pa>mentol the
fourth in-talmcnt of the deposite with the States.
Mi. PHILLIPS, from what had been manifested
m the House, concluded that there was now no inten-
tion to act olhervt íse than merelv to postpone the pa) -
ment of the fourth instalment ot the deposite Then
the on'y question before the House was that of
time, oi, in other v ou's, the wav of doing business
So far as the Government «as concerned, it was,
m eflect, the same as to whether Treasmj noles
were issued, oi the bill oeiore them was carried.
The point that Government was under the obliga-
tion of paying the fourth instalment, had been con-
ceded. He was m favor of adopting measures of
relief, but thought it could be better accomplished
by Government availing itself of other resources
than the one in contemplation.
Mr PATTON gave his reasons for dissenting
from the amendment proposed by the gentleman
fro n Massachusetts He could not vote for 'he
bill with that proviso attached, the tendency of
which would be to pi event om ever getting the
money again I rom the ¡b'ates. He hoped thev
would not make a law, binding on then successors,
to raise money by taxes to pav the deposite.
Mr LOOMIS suggested to Mr Adams an amend-
ment, sinking out the word "pay," and inserting
"deposite"   Mr A refused to receive it
Mr ROBERTSON was opposed to the amend-
ment and the bill He did not see how the Govern-
ment could piss it without a manitVst bieath of
faith In this instance, the United Sta es Govern-
ment, by the deposite law of 1836, had pledged
itself, and in his cp nion it was bound, to p"ttorm
what it had piomised He -wouM like to know I'ow
it was that the money which had been latdapait
for this puipose had been disposed ol. On the 1st
of Januarv, 1837, the amount was actually in the
Treasure, and he wished to know what law justi-
fied the Secietary tj lay his hands 0u a single dol-
lai of this special deposite If the Secutan had
used it for othei purposes, he had offended aeainst
the law of the land No ma i had a right to use
what had b en destined lo a specific object. It had
been said that the mone> w as in the banks, and not
a\ ailable, and that the States would not like to accept
it in the papel of those institutions But that w as
the concern oí the Slates They weie willing to
receive it in an> way it could be given, and he was
suie that Kentuck), Massachusetts, and other
States, could make those notes available Let the
Government pay themw.th what it had, thej asked
no more
Mr. BOULDIN said he had taken no part in the
debate, but had voted for the bill, and against its
reconsideration. He had done so w ith some doubt
as to the propriety of such a vote The only doubt
he had, arose rrdm a question in his miad, whethei
ñk
we had nst better make sale of the stock, or rather
the bonds, w hich he understood ts be due for the
sale of stock in the late Bank of the United States.
Perhaps they would bring their nominal amount,
or might brmg something less. The money re-
ceived into the Tieasury, as well as all sums of
money m times of great speculation, and especially
when there is a great proportion of paper money
in circulation, was in a degree fictitious. It seems,
he said, that we are now returning to more reason-
able valuation** of every thing, and he did not know
why the Government should not^uffer some loss as
well as its citizens, when they all seem to have act-
ed undei the same delusion Perhaps the peop'e
w ou'd be less distressed by a loss on these bonds
thir in any way that they could maks a sacrifice.
Mr B did not believe, howeiei, that there would
be any loss upon them if sold.
But the Secretary of the Treasury had said the
monev is wanting, and it seemed that there was no
probability of getting it in any way by a vote of
this House, unless it is by withholding this fourth
instalment Mr B had been willing, along with
his friends, to vote for the bill
If the money is needed, he is sure his vote can
be justified If it be not wanted, he cannot see
how the bill can be justified, m his view of <he
matter As the bill now stands, it withholds the
fourth instalment, and gives up the fust thiee u hich
are paid Mi B \oted for the piopos^ion of last
session, pioposing to deposite, only on the gmtnd
that we had got the people's money, either by mis-
take oi wrongfullj, and ihat we ought to íes'ore it
.to them. He thought we could have done so moie
equally andjustlv by stopping the salesof the public
lands, and taking off some of the tixrs He thinks
so still He views this fouith instalment as a moie
essaj to restóte so much monev to the true owners,
but vei \ unequally If then the moivt be wanting
heir, the peop'° irnst msoiueva\ at some time,
be tate 1 to raise it. It is rmch cheaper to pay
their taxes with what we have, than to raise
the same sum by taxing the people again for it;
and then it goes back into the pockets it came out
of. By the deposite law, few of the true owners
from whom it was taken will evei get much of it.
To raise ten millions bj any kind of taxes will
lequue something like twelve millions tax, to in-
clude expenditures. To pay ton millions of public
dues, with that sum of the people's money m hand,
will cost nothing more than that sum No expense,
no commssions, no losses. Why, then, i,ot pav it it
it be warning' If not, why withhold it' Mi B
wanted no bonds on the States We hive an execu-
tion, or that which is equal, against every part ele of
property of eveiy citizen, and command of his
personal sei vices, and even of his life, if the pub-
he necessiti s íequire it. We can lev, dutip, and
taxes, which are equal to an cvetntion, and why
prertr a bond' Mr B could not tote fot anv thing
to be attached lo this bi'l that would leave any
aftei-claps He wishes to settle as he' en'. He
wished the Gov enment to have as m ich i- it ne d-
cd an 1 not one cent more He had s-i 1 t n the
passive of the deposite hid, ill it unies-. v e set ul
of this v ist i  entuely, the} noiill mm s if
ve ki rp them bete thoj will ru n evc-v t ur (f
we place them about in am wav in the Sites,
reseivmg am d^citlionarj control < ver them, thev
will rum us It is imposs i|ie not lo see and
to feel the solicitude now produced by tin cal!
Men aie obliged to feci that the cill ng for, or not
cal i lg foi, ihis sum, irnis' affect tee interest of
then c instiiiients Public wo ks an undertaken
i'i consequence of these deposiles and promises to
deposite Is it not manifest tint Ibis po«ei to call
or not call, put«, to a cieit extent, IDto the hands
ot the Federal Government that cortrolbn^ potter
oi er the States, ?nd the representatives of the people
of the States, for which they hai-e bft n so lung, and
in so manv wavs leach ng'
Mr B «anted to settle finallv, and letve each
Government fiee of the other, exact!} in that con-
dition m which the Constitution of e?ch placed
them
Mr. B had often said in this House, and would
repeat it, that the greatest difficulties we had to en-
counter, arose from having, or having had, oi hav-
ing supposed we had, these gtcat sums.   Collect
