CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                              91
........                                                                                  i,-" ■ '■''■•',",........- ■< ■",,'"   ■ '                         -
yeas and nays ; but the House refused to order
them.
Mr. PETRIKEN then moved the previous qucs-
t.on; but it was not seconded by the House.
After someremarks by Mr. EWING, the motion
to commit was disagreed to without a division.
Mr. TURNEY then mov ed to amend the pro-
viso to the bill, by striking out the words, "until
further provision by law," and insert, "until the 1st
of January, 1839."
After some remarks bv Mr. McKAY,
Mr. HAYNES said that it would afford him the
greatest pleasure to vote for the amendment pro-
posed by the honorable gentleman from Virginia,
(Mr. Mason,) and «-how thereby that he sustained
the principles, of his native State, but for the con-
viction that there was but one mode of closing this
debate. He moved the previous question, which
was seconded by the House, ayes 117, noes not
counted; and the mam question was ordered to be
put.
Mr. REED called for the yeas and nays on the
main question, (which was on ordeung the bill to
a third leading,) which were ordered, and weie—
yeas 118, nays 106, as follows.
"YEAS—Messrs Anleraon, Andrews Atherton, Beany,
Bi'rne, Bicknell, Bndsall, Rolden, Brodhead, Bionson, Biuyn,
Buchanan, Cambielene, John Campbell, Timothy J Carte;,
Chaney, Chapmm, Cilley, Claiborne, Clark:, ( levelaod, Ctow-
ney, Colea, Connoi, Craia;, Cuslimaii, Pavee, DeOiatt, Drom
gnede, Duncan, Edwards Elmme,rairine,ton, 1'aufield, Foster,
Kiv. Gallup, Oholson, Glascoi k, Oiant'and, Giant, Gray,
Griffin, líales, Hammond, Hamer, Harnsen, Havvkinb, Hay net?,
Holsey, Holt, Howaid, Ilubley, William H Hunlei Robert
Ai T Hunter, lnabam, Thomas IÍ Jack-on, Jabez Jackson,
Joseph Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W Jones, Kemble, Kil-
sore, Kltngensmith, Legare, I>adbetter, Lotran, Arphaxed
Loomia, Lyon, James M >Iason, Mi run, McKay, Robert
McClellan, Abraham McClellan, McCltne, McKim, Millei,
Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Samuel W Morris, Muhlen
berg, Murray, Noble, Owen-, Parkei Paimenter, Pavntei,
Penn> bicker, Petnken, Phelps, Pickens, Plum r, Potter,
Prat', Prefina, Retly, Rhett, Ricbaulson, tohefier, Shiplu,
Hp^ncei, Stewart, Taylor, Thorn is, Titus. Toucev. Town-,
Vail, Aandeiveer, Wa^encí, Winter, Weeks Thomas T
Whittlciv, laird Vv  William . Wm limpión an 1 Ydl— lift
ISA\S—Hessife Adams Alex mdei Ilema i Alhn John W
Allen, Aycngsr Bell, Bi Idle, B >nd, Bnikhn, Bneiis Wilinm
B Calhoun, John Calhoon, \\ llham I! Campbell, William B,
Carter, Casey, Chambers, Cheatham, Clnlds, Coiwm, Crary,
Cranston, Crockett, Cuttis, Cushine, Darlington, Dawson,
Davies, Deberry, Dennis, Dunn, Evans, Everett, Ewing,
Richard Fletcher, Filmoie, dode, James Giaham, William
Graham, Graves, Gronnell, Hall, Halstead, Harlan, Harper,
Haslmg5-, Hawes, Henry, Herod, Hoffman, Jenifer, Henry
Johnson, William Cost Johnson, Lincoln, Andrew W Loomis,
Mallory, Marvin, Samson Mason, Maxwell, McKennan, Mene
f e, Mercei, M'lh^an, Matthias Morns, C lvary Moms, Nay
lor, N >yes Ogle Patterson Pearce, Peck, Pmllips, Pope, Potts,
Rancien, Reed, Rencher, Ridgway, Rives, Robertson, Rum
sey, Russell, Saw>er, Sergeant, Augustine H Shepperd,
Charles Shepard, Shields, Sibley, Made, Smith, Siyder,
Sauthccitp, S*an!e>, Stra'ton, Taliaieiro, Thompson, Tilling
ha >t Tihnd lintel v.ííoI, Albert "5 Wine John VV hite, Ehsha
Wluttle-sey, L-vvls WiUiaim, Sheimd \\llliams, Joseph Wil
hams, Christophei II William-, Wise, and Yorke—106
So the bill was ordered to a third reading at this
time.
The bill being lead a thud time,
Mr RICE GARLAND moved to postpone the
fuither consideration of the bill until Tuesady next.
Mr. G. advocated his motion on i)ie ground that
he did not wish the deposite banks in his State tobe
left at the mercy of the Secretary of the Treasury ;
and he therefoie wished to defer the postponement
bill till the bill to settle with the deposite banks w as
acted on.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said, for himself, he was
disposed to deal as generously with those banks as
circumstances would admit, for, though no fiiend
to the banks, yet he was w lllmg to afford them e\ e-
íy indulgence, for the sake of the people who v. eie
indebted to them.
Mr. DAWSON and Mi MASON of Ohio, de-
signated this as a bargain between the two gentle-
men, and made some strictures theieon.
Mr. GOHLSON said he «as m favor of this mo-
tion. Su, I have been the friend of this bill at eve-
ry and all stages of its piogiess I have been
here for the last 22 days, giving my aid to this bd1,
but, sir, now that the struggle is over, I, as one of
the friends of this bill, and as one of the Rcpieson-
tativesof the State of Missis-ippi, in which is one
of the deposite banks, having a large amount of pub-
he money, about which so much has been said
during the progiess óf this debate, by gentlemen on
this floor, think it impolitic to permit this bill to
pas? out of our reach until we have liad the action
of this Hous« on  the bill to regulate the settle-
ment of the Government with the deposite
banks Sir, as much as the mteiesl I have felt for
the passage of this bill his b-'en, I feel more inte-
rest m the protection of the deposite bank1-, ¡or the
obvious reason that, by the protection of the banks,
I protect those indebted to the banks. Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Bond) appears to be
willing, as usual, to make the Chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means (Mr Cambieleng)
the scapegoat, and on his head to place the sms of
all of us. He savs that the Chairman of the Com-
mittee of Wayi and Means is willing to grant in-
dulgence to those banks, because they are lo-
cated in the States favorable to tins administra-
tion, and intimates that this is bargainings con-
trary to the course that should be pin sued
here. Sir, I wish, once for always, to inform
that gentleman and all others, that I stand here
ready prepared to bargain, whenever I can do so
honorably, and by that means promote the interest
of my constituents. Sir, that gentleman cries out
against the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and the friends of this administration,
because he savs we say vie care nothing for the
banks, but feel gicat interest for the people. Now
I presume thai tlieie is nothing inconsistent n uh
the punciplesof honerable legislation in this. I am
one of those that feel but little for these banks, m
thou corporate capacity , but I feel a gieat d spo-
sition to grant them as long indulgence as ma} be,
f«.r the reason that by so doing I extend indul-
gence to the people, who are the debtors of
these banks. Now we have in Misst-sippi, m
the deposite bank, about $1,767,000 of depositee; I
know, sir, although our banks cannot at this time
redeem their circulation in specie, vet, sir, the
banks in Mississippi are as solvent as any banks
m the Union having on hand a like sum of money
as deposites Now, sir, much has been said about
relief Again and arain have we hemd that no-
thmc- is proposed by tho fi end- of this admrvst'V
tion for the reh-f of the peo.ile. Now, so
far as I can undeistand what is mean! by
relief, any measure that will relieve the
banks will relieve the people. Sir, we of ?.iis-
sissippi owe a large debt, but we have the means
of paying a larger debt than any people in the
United States; but we can pay only once in the v ear,
we can only pay when we receive the annual returns
of our cotton crops. And I have no doubt but we
can, if we are indulged until we can realize the
proceeds of another cotton crop, m addition to the
one we are now gathenng, pay oui debts. Now,
sir, by the bill on your table from the Senate, in re-
lation to the settlement wnh these banks—they pro-
pose to grant us the relief of four, six, and nine
mon hs, upon our complying with certain condi-
tions. Now this is such relief as we do not want.
We do not want less than twelve months, and un-
less we can obtain this much time, much as we
have sufleied, and are su (Terms, we prefer that the
Government should commence its suit against us,
for it is impossible for us to comply vv ith these con-
ditions. Non, sir, it is something remarkable to
m<-, that at the same time that it is pioposed to give
us this four, sit, and nine months' relief, the same
body proposes to give the merchants indulgence of
twelve months on their bonds Now, sir, we are
the debtors of the Government as well as they, and
should have the same indulgence extended to us
Mi Speaker, the gentleman from South Oaiohna
(Mr. Thompson) savs it is not the intention of this
administration to collect this money. He savs tips
money is to be kept in the doubtful States, Alaba-
ma, Mississippi, and Louisiana for the puipose of
corrupting the people, and bringing them over to
this administration. Now, su-, that gentleman
would take it as extremely unkind if it were to be
said that the people that he r- presents cou'd be Cms
corrupted. He should recollect, then, that I know
the peop'e of Mississippi too well not to kno,v
thatthev cannot be conuptcd m this way; and I
will give the ?ent]eman an undoubted reason for
this; and that is', that these Milks, controlling this im-
mense sum of money, ha ve been at all times, and still
are, opposed to the party m power m Mississippi.
Then, sir, if this money could have corrupted them,
or bought them up, would not this have been
already effected1   Have we not already   passed
through as great pecuniary embarrassment as we
are likely ever to have, to contend with" Mr.
Speakei, it is now eleven o'clock, p. m. and I am
udw ilhng to detain the HcHtse longer. Entertain-
ing these views, I believe I should be recreant to
my constituents to let this bill pass out of the reach
of this House until the action of this House can be
had upon the other bill. Let me ask this House
to remember, that this money was received by the
banks, for the Government, in papei; that paper
has smee depieeiaterl, and we are now to pay this
money to the Government, when u e do pay it, m
specie. Now, sir, if gentlemen are not disposed
to give us reasonable relief, let them older a suit;
let diem collect this if they can- This I know can-
rot be done, for we cannot pay this money until
the debtors of the banks can have time to pay their
debts. It is then with a view to favor the ppople
who are the deblois of these banks, paiticularlj,
that I have sustained this motion, and for the fur-
ther reason, that if the Government relieves any
of debtors, it should relieve them all equally.
The motion to postpone was then disagreed to—
ayes 74, na^s 97,
Mi. CHAMBERS of Kentucky aflei address-
ing some remaiks to the House, moved an ad-
journment.    Lt st.
Mi McKIM then moved the previous question,
which was seconded , and the main question hav-
ing been ordeied, the bill was read a third lime, and
passed.
On motion,
The House adjourned at 11 o'clock, p m
IN SENATE,
Saturoav, September 30, 1637
Mi YOUNG presented a memorial fiom ten in-
dividuals relative to pre-emption of public lands;
which was laid on the table.
Mi BUCFIANANp i-en< dthieeinunona'sfiom
citizens oi th.? comity oí Pmladelpnia, jga.nst the
annexation of Texas to the United States, also, a
memorial from a number oí citizens m Bucks
county, Pennsylvania, praying that Texas may not
be admitted; which wete laid on the table.
Mr. PRESTON objected to their reception He
rose for the puipose of saving, in regard to the pie-
sentation of petitions on the subjectof slavery, and
as the public mind was running in that direction,
that an attempt would be made to exclude them from
the halls of Congress. He would take leave to
say, that the southern delegation and the southern,
portion of the Union, intended todi-.aH' vv l!i< piajer
of petitions of this character, it, bj aiij possibility,
it could be done; and, atan early day, con^stent
with the proceedings of Congiess, a motion would
be made for the pmposo of testing the opinion of
the country and of the two bouses of Congress m
leferenee to the presentation of these petitions; and
he stood pledged to bring forward the quosuon here.
The pet,nons weie then laid on the tab'e
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate us"iiied the consideiatiou of the bill
imposing certain duties on public oflicers as deposi-
tories m certain cases. The question pending being
en Mr. Cm holv's amendment—
Mi PRESTON tiacedthe ll's that have befallen
the country to the action of the late Exeeulu e bil',
in re'ation to the removal of th" deposites, and
Tieasurj encuiar. He lon'ended, thai so lar from
the banks being the cause ol the disiiess, that tnev
were the consen t.ves of commercial prosperity
and agucultura! nteiest, that the Geaenl Govern-
ment had «eh-'va the ban\s into the connect on,
and now waited to tbiovr its victims i'ic'r upon
the people.
Mi BROWÍN 'uloucdMi P i.pi) rig at length
to the leimjvs of thit genllem,1". Mr. B. ex-
piessed Ivs nstomsliment that the Stale banks,
wh'ch b^foie had been denounced ?s unsafe, ami
u'voithy depositaries of the public revenu", weie
now lauded as worthy of all Government pation-
agc—of all pa.ental caie. He defended, v ith much
zeal, the late President fiom the a-pe-s ons thrown
upon him as the cause of the general d^tress, and
said, that the conduct of that illustrious individual,
so far from deserving the censmecast upon bun as
the cause of ihe present distress, would go down
