CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
0S
And that it wdl be expedienl to charter such a
bank whenever the deadly expressed will of the
peop'e shall be in tavor of the same "
Mr SERGEANT, who via-, entitled to the floor,
addresseJ the House in opposition to the adoption
oí the reflation, until! cut off by a motion for the
outers of the daj, which prevailed
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS
The House then look up thejoint resolution fiom
the Senate fixingthe adjournment of the present ses-
sion of Congrevs on this da> week, the 9th up-t
Mi. HAYNFS moved 10 strike out Monday the
9th, and insert Thmsday the 12th.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland preferíed the
amendment, bul he vas not prepared to vote for
any adjournment till Congress had acted on all the
measmes belore it, and afforded .orne íebef to the
country If there w ere gentlemen whose private
interests or pub'ic calls ot duty called them impe-
riously home, they could get leave of absence. Mi.
J  i) oved to lay the whole subject on the table
Mr. PICKEM8 appealed to the gentleman to
wnhdiaw that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON refuted.
Mi BOON thought it extiaoidmary, if not un-
piecedentej, for a gentleman to make a considera-
ble aigument against a proposiuon, and then de-
pnve any one else of the oppoitunitv of replwng,
by mak ng a motion that cut off debate.
The motion t:> lay on the table was lost bv a
\ery large major ty, there being but veiy lew
io ces in the a^nma'ive.
Mr. PICKETS adverted to the importance of
the greaf question to be dec ded at this time, the
divorce of Ihe Gov eminent from banks, and hoped
the House would not adjourn belore, it possible,
that question vvao settled. At any rate, he hoped
they would extend the lime at least another week
beyond the p°nod fixed bj the Senate
M CAMBRELENG concurred enlnelv in tie
view of the gentleman fiom South Carolina It
was n ccssaij. todo something during this session,
and he suggested to the gentleman from Georgia to
modify his amendment to Monday the sixteenth
instant. He was convinced they could not get
through earlier, but he hoped they might by that
time.
Mr.HAYNES accepted the suggestion, andmo-
dified his motion accordingly. He also expiessed
his entire concurience with tne views of Mi. Pick-
ens in the necessity of acting upon the great mea-
sure l.e aavcted to, and stated that, as a question
oí eionomv, the t'.nly pay of the members, from
the 16th oí October t) th? fiist Mondaj in Decem-
bci, would exceed their travelling pay, and that,
for his part, he did not believe the session would
be sho tened a single hour by adjournment ne\t
summ> r, if they should remain there until the re-
gular time of meeting in December.
Mr. SMITH was opposed to any change of the
resolution as it came from the Senate, for it it went
back to that body amended, it was impossible to
tell when it might return As tor waiting till the
' dn orce bill" passed the House, if they were to do
so, they would have to wait for weeks . nd months
Mr ADAMS moved to amend the amendment
bv inserting the first Monday m Apnl, 1838, and
suppoited his proposition at length, adverting to
the various propositions before the House.
Mi PATTON could not vote for the last amend-
ment, for it was entirely too earlv to fix the ad-
journment of the general session; especially as
they had lost all the tune of the present session in.
the general public and puvate business of the
coon'rv, by the adoption of the order to take up
and consider nothing but what was contained in, or
recommended by, the President's Message. He
contended, however, that the time pioposed in the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia was
too short for the deliberation of a measure of such
importance as the one adverted to. Tne Senate,
consisting of only fitty members, had been dis-
c issmg this very bit', the Sub-Treasury scheme,
for abou' three weeks, while a single foitinght was
only to be allowed for the discussion not on'y ot
that measuie, but of the resolution on the subject
of a national bank, the Mississippi elect.on, the
Stat- bank projet, and all, m a body of nearly two
handled members, consisting of the duect repre-
sentatives from the peor'e.
Mr P moved to postpone the further considera-
tion of the whole subject till Monday next
Mr THOMPSON oí South Carolina pieferred
going home as soon as possible, so that members
might have an opportunity of eonsu'tmg their con-
stituents upon a measure which contemplated a
chanae as great in the financial affaiis of the
country as the invention of gtmpovvei had wrought
in the ait of war
Mr BOON said if gentlemen weie sincere in
their dt sires, and he had no doubt they weie, that
action was necessary frr the well being of the
countiy, thev would sustain him m the mo'ion he
should make of demanding the previous quest'on
Mr. CAMBRELENG hoped not
The House refused to sccend the motion—ayes
72, noes 102.
Mr CAMBRELENG wished to move a suspen-
sion oí the rules, so as to enable the House to take
the quest'on on the amendments without debate.
The CHAIR decided that that motion could not
be made.
Mr. WISE did not beheve it was the in-
tention ot the adnvnislration to lake up the
Sub Treasury scheme, and he inquired of tiie
Chan man of the Committee oí Wajs and Means
if suth was ihen intention, whether the da}"of
adjournment was fixed foi the 9th or the lGth.
Mr CAMBRELENG would answer the eentle-
niaii He could as«uie linn that he would take
the earliest opportunity to call up what the gentle
man was disposed to call the Sub-Ticasury bill,
and, so fai from fearing to meet that question, I
apprehend, said BIr. C that gentlemen will find no
flinching here upon that subj ct, and we will see
whether the gentleman from Massachusetts, as in a
celebialed letter, w ill " toe the mark " Let us see
what the gentleiian will do Let us have no n n-
committalism
In conclusion, he assuied the gentleman, that
whether they sat there for one week oi two weeks,
or even for six months, he should take the earliest
opportunity of bringing that measure forward, aftsr
« having disposed of the different measures of relief
proposed for the country.
Mi WISE was still convinced that there was
no senous intention of acting on the Sub-Treasury
bill
In reference to the adjournment, Mr W. said
he came there to adm nister relief to thi* people,
anl, with the gentleman from Massachusetts, was
ready to reirnin theie not onl\ till 'he first Monday
m April nevt, but for twelve months if necessaiv.
He said that every movement made there convinced
him that the admmstration had no intention of car-
rying out that plan. He hoped that the opposi-
tion, conservative and all, would unite in lemaui-
mg there until it was iairlv demonstrated that it
was the friends of the a' mn'sfaiion who adjourn-
ed without givms it hef to the countrv.
Mr GLASCOCK, after some prehmmpiy re-
marks, expressed himself in favor ot the 12th, and
if that did not picvail, he should prefer adjourning
on the Oth He hoped, however, the motion to
postpone would be rejected.
Mr. HAMER adverted to the several relief bills
on the Speaker's table, and considered that two
weeks would afford ample time for a reasonable dis-
eussion upon every one of them
The motion to postpone was then put, and dis-
sgreed to, and the question recurring on the propo-
sition to insert the 16th instead of the 9th—
Mr. SMITH asked for the yeas and nays there-
on, which were ordered, and we.c—yeas 115, mys
103, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Alexander, Heroin Mien, Anderson An
dlevs Atheiion, B atty Boll, Bickncll, IJidtl'e, Bndsal' Broil
head, Bion-on Bynum, Cambii.lt.n2 John Campbell, William
B Oattei, Ch uiey Cnestham Cilley (le\eiand Clownev
Colea, Connor Criry, Csocke't Cushmai PeGiafl Dronieoole,
Buneai, Edwatds, kwin.2, Farnnelon I ostei Tiv Gallup,
Gin Ison, James Giaham, Grantland Gwni, Cta\ea Gra^
Giiffin, Hamei He an Harrison Hi wet, H lyi es Ifevot'
Hoffman, Ho'sey Halt, Hopkins Howa-d Flublej W ll lam
H Hunter, Thomas B Tack-on Tab - Tack-on Toseph lohu
son, Wnham Cost Johns  n "Nat1 liifl í mes Tohn W J nes
Kemble, Lawler, Legare Leadbelter V-| hsxtd Loomis Jam"-
M Mason, Mamy,'McKay, Rohm MiXlei an, licClure,
McKtm, Menefee, Mercer Miller. Montsroniery, Morgan
Samuel W Morns, Muhlenberg, Noble, Cite, Owens, Pal
mer,   Paikei,   Parmemer    Patton,   Payn'er    Penn>backer
Petriken, Phelps, Pickens, Pope, Potts, Prat! Plena?  Ridg
way, Rives, Robertson Shelter, Slade, Uowhgate, biiencer,
Ste*\att, Ta lafer^o, Tayloi, Titus 'ioland, Toucov. Turney,
Vail, Webstci, Weeks, Albeit S White, Thomas T Whittle-
sey and Wise—113
NAYS—Messrs Adams, John W Allen; Aycngg, Benne,
Boi d, Boon, lioiden Bnggs, Buchanan, William B Calhoun,
tohn Clhon i William B Campbell, Casey, Cl< irabers,
Chapman, Clulds, Coiwin, Ciaig, Cranston Cuius, Darling-
ton, Dawson, Danes, Debeiry, Dennis Dunn, Elmore, Evans,
F.% ciet*, Fanfielu, Richard rielcher, Filmore, Rice Garland,
Glascock, Gsode, William Giaham, Haley, Hal! IJalsfead,
IJamm >nd, Hastings Hawkins, Henry. Ingham, Jenifer, Hem y
John on, Kilgoie, Khngcnsmith, Lincoln, I ogao, Andrew W
I ooiiik Lyon, Marvin Samson Mason, Maitm, May, Max-
will Abiahani McUellan, McKennan, Miiliean, Mininas
Mollis, ( alvaiy Moms, Murray, >ay!or, Jvoyes, Patterson,
Peaice, Peck Plnllij s Piume), Pot u, Kauden Randolph,
Read, Rel'5', R-tnclier, Richaidoon, P^uu. ev, Ru< ell, Augu 
tine H ^heppenl Charles bhepaid --hields, hfi ulei, foible),
Smuli, Siiydei, Stanley, ^tiatton Tiioiipson TiUmahasi,
Town- Fndeiwood \ andel \cei VV ipene .tohn While,
Llisna V\ hittlescy, lewis William-, ¡shtnrod Vti 'nms, Jared
V\ Willlam=, Joseph Williams, Cnri-tophei H W lll.ams,
Yell, and Vol .e—10j
So die amendment was agreed to.
Mr MERCER moved to postpone the tunhcr
consideration of the resolu ion till the first Monday
in April next, and asked for the j.eas and nays;
but the House refused to order them, and rejected
the motion without a division.
The question recmnng on the adoption of the ic-
solution as amended,
Mr WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, asked foi the
veas and nays, which weie ordered, and weie—
>eas 153, na>> 65, ps lohovvs ■
\EA^—Mess K Alevandel, Ai d 1*00 Audipws \theuoil,
B any, B an , Bk knell, BldMe, Bin' aM, Boo i, Boiden, lilier_-,
Brodhead, Bronson, Bill) n, Buchanan Cambieleng. J Cam|-
be 1, Turn thy í Caitei, Catey Chambeis, Chaney, Chapman,
Cil'cy, Cleveland, Ciowncy, Co'es Connor, Oorwin, Ciag,
Ciaiy, Cirtis Cushman l)irhn"ion Dawson, Davce, Davies,
Dcbeny, HeGiaff, Uinmgonli Dun m, Dunn Ednaide,
Evans Itwinii, ranmg'on Fan held, 1-aac 1 ieichei Foster,
Fiv, Gallup, Glascock, James Graham William Giaham,
Giantland Grant, Giay Giennell Halev, Hall, Hals ead,
Hammond, Jíamei, Hallan Ham-on, Hawkins, Hayncs,
Hcmy, Heiod, IIot«ey, HoK Ilojlkms, Hovvaid, ilublev, Wll
ham 11 llonter Ing't in, Thomas B Jackson dabez Jack on,
IS il aniel .lone* lohu VV Toihs Ktmble Kil^oic Kün-eil
&muh lawkr Lc^us. l^iloeuei I meo n Í is in, \rpb ixtd
Liomi« VnduwVyV Loonii^ T \ in 1 une  H Mi i M run,
Maxwell, McKay, Robert McClellan, Abiaham McClel an,
McCIure, McKini, McKennan, Miller, Montgomery, Mooie,
Muirán, rfamuel v\ Moins, Muhlenbersr, Noble, Noyes, Ogle,
Owens, Palmer P-irkei, Paimenter, Paynter, Pcnnybackei,
Petnken, Phelps, Pickens, Plumer, Potts, Potior, Pratt, Pien-
tisa, Randen, Randolph, Reed, Reily, Renchei, Richardson,
Ridgw iv, Rives, Ru-«el, Sheflei Auírusimetí Shepjierd Shif-
lei, Slaue SpLncei ^tewart fetratton, jav'oi, Titus, lolard,
Ti icey towns, Turney, Vai!, Van eive^i, W igener, Week',
Albeit ^ W mte, lohn White, The 1Mb T Whittlesey, and
JarnlW Willi lOb—I3i
N V.Y-S—Me sis Adam-, Iteman AUtn T ihn W Allen Cell,
Bmd Wrlllnm B Calhoun, Tohn Cathoo i,M itllam B Camp-
bell, V 1! M n B Cntei, Cln i ham, < h IK Cnnstt n Ctckett,
T mo e Llveiett Rieha d i e chei li'noie Rci Gailand,
Goitle Gilt -, Gi 'In His in - HaTie-, Roieit M I Urn
tei ILniler Henry Johnson I epl lol n on, Wi'lidiii Cobt
.hhnson I ewjs, Vlaivm Sanson Mason Maurv,Ma> Menelcc,
Meieer, Milligan, Matthias Morns Cilvary Moins, Muuav,
Isaylor, Patterson, Paaon, Peaice, Ptck Poilhps, Pope Ro
bctson, Rumswy, Chutes Shepant Shields,   He}, S i; der,
Southgih Stanley, Tallafcno, Tiltinzliast, Ui deiwi od, Web-
ster Elishi Whl tle^ev, Lewis ^.Villiams, fchetiod Will ams,
Joseph William1', Chustoplier H WMÍ ams, Yc'l, and Yoika
—65
So the resolution, as amended by lasettmg the
ICth, was concuired m by the House.
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION
The House then proceeded to the considcrat on
of the business of the morn na hour being the íe-
poit of the Committee of Elections, which u as ac-
companied bv the follow inn; reso'ution:
Resolved, That Samuel J Gholson and John F.
H Claiborne are duly elected members oi the
Twenty-fi'lb. Congress, and as such aie entitled to
take then seats.
The question pending was the motion of Ml.
Maury to strike out all after the word ' resolved,"
and insert, "that Samuel J Gholson and John F.
H. Claiborne, not being duly elected membeis of
the House of Reoresentatrve- of the Twenty-fifth
Congress of the United Slates, are not entrlcd to
seats on this floor as such.
Mi. BUCHANAN addiessed the House br efly
in suppoit of the repoit of the Committee of Elec-
tions
I       The houi of half past two having arrived, the
House took the usual recess, until (our o'clock.
[Evfmno Sfssion.]
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION.
The House resumed the cons deration of the re-
¡I port of the Committee of Elections, on the suhiect
j I of the election tn the State of Mississippi
