CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
duty of the Governors of the States to provide for
the case; and that the power of regulating this
matter was only intended to rest with Congress in
cases of great emergency. This was what he un-
derstood to be the spirit and meaning of the Con-
stitution of the United States.
The subject was farther discussed by Messrs.
LINCOLN and HASTINGS, in opposition to the
report of the committee, and by Mr. LOOMIS of
Hew York m its support, till half-past two o'clock,
when the House took us usual lecess till 4 o'clock.
[CVENIN'O  SESSION j
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Tieasury, in
ansvvei to a resolution of the House, calling upon
him to communicate to the House all the corre-
spondence between that Department and any indi-
viduals or banks, relative to a bill now before Con-
gress, to authorize the President to direct the issue
of Tieasury notes; which, on motion ot Mr.
tíRENÜXELL, was laid on the table and ordered
to be pa.ited.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
cemmumcation from the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, in answer to a resolution calling upon him to
communicate to this House the returns of receivers
of public moneys, in pursuance of the oidei of the
11th July, 1836, the amount of gold, silver, and
bills received by them, &c; which, on motion of
Mr GRENNELL, was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message fiom the President:
To the Bouse of Representatives of the United Stales:
I transmit to the House of Representatives a Re-
port of the Secretary of State, containing the infor-
mation requested by their resolution of the 19th inst.
[m relation to the tobacco trade] together with the
documents by «inch the report was accompanied
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, Sept. 30, 1837.
On motion of Mr. HAYNES,
The message was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President:
To the House of Representatives of the United Stales:
In compliance with the resolution of the House
of Repiesentatives of the 13th mst. respecting an
annexation oí Texas to the United States, I trans-
mit a Report from ihe Secretary of S ate, and the
documents by which it was accompanied.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, Sept. 30, 1837.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS,
The message and documents were laid on the
table, and 10,000 extra copies ordered to be print-
ed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following message from the President:
To the House of Rep esentatives of the United Slates:
111 compliance with the resolution ot the House
of Representatives of the 13th ultimo, concerning
the boundai y between the Un ited States and the Mex-
ican Republic, and a cession of territory belonging
to the Mexican Confederation to the United States,
I transmit a Report from the Secretary of Stale,
and the documents by which it was accompanied.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, Oct. 2, 1837.
To the President cf the United States.
The Secretary of State, to whom was referred a
resolution oí the Hou^e of Representatives, dated
the 13th ult. requesting the President to communi-
cate to that House, so far as may be consistent with
the public interest, all the correspondence between
the Government of the Unned States, and that of
Mexico, concerning the boundary between them;
and particularly concerning any proposit'on for a
cession of a lemtoiy belonging to the Mexican
Confederation to the United States, and also all cor-
respondence relating thereto between me Depart-
ment of Slate and the Diplomatic Representatives
of the United States m Mexico, and of the said
Department with those of the Mexican Republic,
accredited to the Government of the United States,
has the honor to lay before the President tfopies of
all the correspondence between the two Govern-
ments on the subject of the boundary line, not
heretofore communicated to Congress, and of
all the instructions to the representatives of
the United States at Mexico on the subject
of a cession of territory by the Mexican con-
federation to the United States. No other cor-
respondence between the Government of the United
States and Mexico has taken place on the subject
of a cession of terr'ary, either at Mexico or at
Washington. In one o" his communications to
this Department, however, Mr. Butler mentions a
note which he addressed to Mr. Alamon on the 15th
of July, 1832, giving his reasons for reviewing the
question of boundary, and explaining the advanta-
ges which both nations would probably derive by
changing the line fiom the Sabine. No copy of
this note has ever been communicated to this De-
partment, nor is there any draft on record of it m
the archives of the legation of the United States at
Mexico. The communication ef the representa-
tives of the United States to their own Government
on that subject, are within the limitation contained
in the resolution referred to this Department. Ail
which is respectfully submitted.
JOHN FORSYTH.
Department op State,
Washington, October 2,1837.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the mes-
sage and accompanying documents were laid on
the table andoidered to be printed.
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION.
The House thsn resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee of Elections, which was ac-
companied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That Samuel J. Gholson and John F.
H. Claiborne are duly elected members of the
Twenty-fifth Congress, and as such are entitled to
take their seats.
The question pend.ng was the motion of Mr.
Madrv to strike out all after the word " resolved,"
and mseit, " that Samuel J. Gholson and John F.
H. Claiborne, not being duly elected members of
the House of Representatives of the twenty-fifth
Congress of the Unned States, are not entitled to
seats on this floor as such."
Mr. LOOMIS resumed and concluded his re-
marks m favor of the resolution.
Mr. ADAMS said the question was not as to
whether or not the vacancy had been filled, but
whether it had been filled for the whole term of the
present Congress The law of the State of Missis-
sippi made it cleai, that although the Governor had
a right to issue his wnt to fill the vacancy, it was
only until superseded by the general election m
November. He had no right to issue his writ for
an election for the whole term,as was evident fiom
the words, "until superseded," etc. which were
added to the writ. These words had been inserted
in conformity with the laws of that State, and had
they been omitted, the Governor would virtually
have, repealed the State law. But it might be
taken for granted that a laige portion of the people
at the polls believed they \\ ere electing members
foi the whole term. Mr. A. went on to show that
the present members could not retain their seats,
unless re-elected the 1st of November, m conformi-
ty with the law of their State; but as they were here,
he wished them to remain until the expiration of
the present session, and then return home, when
there would be no doubt of their being agam cho-
sen by the people.
Mr. CAMBRELENG asked that there might be
a call of the House. This was agreed to, and the
roll was called, when 105 members answered to
their names. *■
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that all farther
proceedings in the call be dispensed wuh; and with
a view of affording the absent memheis time to re-
sume their seats, asked for the yeas and nays on
his motion, which being ordeied, resulted—jeas
137, nays 61. So all farther proceedings in the
call were dispensed with.
Mt. WHITTLESEY or Ohio said, that as there
was a doubtas to whetherthegentlemenfrom Missis-
sippi had been elected lor the present session only,
or the whole Congress, he thought it wou'd be ¡he
better plan to lay the whole subject on the table,
and thus a£ford time for them to return, asd be
re-elected. With that riew he moved that the*
íeport of the Committee of Elections, with the
amendment thereto, be laid on the table, and ott
that question he .-¡sired for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WHITTLESEY withdrew his motion at
the request of Mr. F1LMORE, who hoped tne
subject would not be thus disposed of, as it would
leave the people of Mississippi in doubt.
Mr. WHITTLESEY then renewed his motion,
and the yeas and nays being ordered, resulted—
j ea<t 70, nays 145, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adama, Alexander, John W All a, Aycrigx,
Bell. Bond, .lonn Calhoon, Wm B Campbell, Wm. B. Camf,
Chambeis, Clieailiam,Cb.itds, Corwm,Cranston, Cioekott «'vir-
us, Dailmgton, Diweon, Davies, Deberry, Dennis, Dvm'o, El-
more, Evans, Eveictt, Ewmg, Gooile, Wm. Giaham,, Graves,
Grennell, Hail, Halstead, Hailan, Harpei, Hastings, Hawes
Hemy, Herod, Henry Johnson, Lawler, Lewis, Lyon, Mallof^,
Samson Mason, Maury, Maxwell, McKennan Miliigan, Calvary
Moiris, Ogle, Pope, Potts, Randen, Randolph, Reed, Rencher,
Ridgway, Russell, Sawyer, Seigeant, Slade, Southgate, Stan
ley, Thompson, Tillmffhast, Totanit, Ehsha Whittlesey, Lewis
Wilt <ms, Wise, and Yoike—70
NAYS—Messis rieman Alkn, Andsrson, Andrews, Ather
ton, Iieatty, Burne, Bicknel!, Bud^aH, Boon, Borden, Boiikun,
Bugffs Brodhead, Bionson, Bi uyn, Buchanin, Bynum, William
B Calhoun, Cambreleng, John Campoell, Timothy J Cartel,
Casey, Chaney, Chapman, Cilley. Ulaik Cleveland, Ctowhey,
Colas Connor, Ciary, Cushman, Davce, DeGrafif, Dromgyole,
Duncan, Edwaids, Famngton, Fanfield, Richard Fletcher,
Isaac Fletcher, Fostei, Fry, eallup, Bice Garland, Glascock,
James Graham, Grant, Gray, Gi lífin, Haley, Hammond, Ha-
mer, Hainan, Hawkins, lUynes, Jlolsey, Holt, Hopkins,
Howard, Iíub'c, Robert M T Hunter, Ingham, Thomas B.
Jackson Jabez iackscn, Joseph Johnson, Nathaniel Joses,
John W Jones, Kilgoie, Khñgenamiih, I eadbetter, Lincoln,
Logan, Arphaxed Loomis, Andrew W Loo sis, Marvin, James
M Mason,-Maitin, May, McKay, Robert McClellan, Abraham
McClellan, McClure, McKim, Menefee, Mercer, MiUer, Mont-
gomeiy, Morgan, Samuel W Moms, Muhlenberg, Munay,
Noyes, Palmar, Paiker, Parmenlei, Patteison, Pattun, Paynter,
Pearce, Peck, Pcu.iybacker, Fetukeu, Phelps, Phillips,
Plumer, Potter, Pratt, Pientiss, Reily, Rhett, Richardson,
Rives, Robcitson, Rumsey, Shefier, Challes Shepaid, Shields,
Shipler, Smith, fcnyder, Spencer, Stewart, Stratton, Ta-
liaferro, Tiylor, Thomas, Titus, Toucey, Towns, Turner,
Underwood, Vail, Vanderveer, Wastcner, Weeks, Albert 8
While, John White, Thomas T Whittlesey, Sheiiod Wil
lianis Jsred W Williams, Joseph Williams, Chiistopher H
Williams, Woilhm^ton, and Yell—145
So the motion to lay on the table was decided in
the negative.
Mr. HAYNES then moved the previous ques-
tion which was seconded—yeas 105, nays 81; and
the mam question was ordered without a division.
Mr. BRIGGS called for the yeas and nays on
the main question, which was the adoption of the
resolution reported by the Com mttee of Elections,
that Messrs. Claiborne and Gholson were entitled
to their seats, which were ordered, and were—yeas
118, nays 101, as follows:
YEA3—Messrs Anderson, Amhewi, Atherton, Beatty,
Benne, Bickaell, Bndsall, B)on, Bouklui, Btodhead, Bion^on,
Biuv., Buchanan fivnum, Cimbte'cng Jolm Campb-11, T J
Qarter, Casey, Chaney, Chapman, Cilley, Claik Cleveland,
Coles Connor, Crar>, Ctuhmao, Pavee, DeGrafT, Dromgoule,
Duncan, Edwauk, Elmoie, Parrmgton, Faufield, Isaac Fletcher,
Foster, Fry, Gallup, Glascock, William Graham, Grant, Gray,
Haley, Hammond, Hamtr, Barnson, Hawkjns Haynes,
Hfiiod, Hoisey, ííoít, Howard, Hubley, Ingham, Thomas B
Jackson, Jabez Jackson, Josepn Johnson, Nathaniel Jsnes,
John W Jones Kembte, Kilgore, Klmgensmith, Legare, Lead-
better, Lewis, Logan, Arphaxed Loomia Jamca M. Ma3on,
Martin, May, Robeit McClUlau, Abiahatn McClellan, McCiure,
McKnn, Miller, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Samnel W
Moms, Muhlenberg, Murray, Noble, Palmer P.u kei, Parmen-
ter, Payn'ei, Pennyuacker, Peinkiu, Phelps Plumer, Potter,
Pia t, I'icnt.ss, Reí y Rhett, Richaid"< u, lt,vi,s, Shefioi,
Shipler Smith isnydei, Spencei, Stewait Ta>In, Thomas,
Tnu*, Toucev, Tuiney, Vail, Vanlerveer Waee. ei Webster,
Weeks, Albett S Wile, Thomas T Whittlesey, Jared VV.
Willi mis, and Woithington—118
NAYS—Messrs Adams, A!t-jrandei,Herrmn Allen, John. W
Allen Ayckngg, Bell, Bond Bniden, Bngci, William B Cal-
houn, John CiHiron, William B Campbell,'William B Car-
ter, Chambers, dual' am, Chims, Clowney Coiwm, Cran-
ston, Crocke.lt Ouuip t isVi-t Parling'oc, Pawton Daviea,
Deberry, Ibm is, Dunn, Lvai s, Eveiett, Ewmg, Richard
Fletcher, FlliPJ'e, Iliee Oailand, Goode, Graves, Grenncl,
Griffin, Hall, liatstcaj, Ilai'an Harpri, Hastings, H-stvc*,
Hsnn', Roiieit M T Huntet, Hemy Johnson, Lawler, Lin-
coln,Andrew W Loomis, Lyon, Mallory, Marvin, Pamson
Mason, Mauiv, Maxwell, McKennan, Menifee, Mercer, Milll
gan, CalvaiyMoms No-,e« Ogle, Patterson, Patton, Pearce,
Peck, Phillip , Pope Potts, Randolph, Reed,Rencher, Ridgway,
Robeitsou, Rumsey, Russell, Sawyer, «eigcant, Augustine H.
feUeppeul, Charles S-cpard, Sn elds Slb'ey Slade, Southgate,
Stanley, S'iatton, Tahafeuo Thompson, Tilling!  ', Toland,
Towns Inr'er- id, John White, Eh«ha Whittlesey, Lewis
William , Stienoi \\ il ran 9 Joseph Williams, Christopher
II V ldams Wi«e,andYoike—101
So Messrs Gholson and Claiborne were declared
to 1 ave been dul>- elected members of the Twenty-
fifth Conrresi from the State of Mississippi, and,
as such, entitled to their seats on this floor.
Mr.  RICE GARLAND laid on the table an
amendment to the bill relative to the state of the
depute banks, which was ordered to be printed;
when, on motion of Mr. MORGAN,
The House adjourned.
