CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE                                             105
Gwloon Ola^coik, Grantland, Gray, GufTin, Haley. Ham
moni, Hamti, Hauison, Hawkins, Haynes, Holsey, Holt,
II jjikin-i, Howdid Hublev, WiUidcnlf Hunter, Robert M P
Hn ilei In^him Tnomas B Jack&on, Jabez Jackson, Joseph
,1 )h(ib hi, Nathiniel J mes, John W Jones, Kl*ore Klnsen
smth, I eg ire, Lealbettci, Lewis, Logan, Arphaxed Loomib
J yon, M Ulory, James M Mason, Marrm, M< Kay, A, Ale
( ¡ell in McOlure, MeKim, Miller, Mon gomery, Mooie, Morgan,
Matthias Mom-, cianiuel W Moms, Muhlenbeig, Noble Ogle,
Owens, Palmer Paimuitei, Paunn, Payntci, Pennybacku, Pe
lnkci l'help, Pickens, Plumer, P >tter, Piatt, Pientiss Keily,
Rliott, Itives, It ib rtaon, Slieflei, Shields, Shiplei, Smiih, Sny
il i, Spcncei, siewari, Taliafeuo, JTayloi, lhoinas, Ihomp
FOn, Tltu Pouchy To vns, Turncy, Vandcrveer Wagoner,
Wch-tei, Tiloma- T Whittlesey, Jaied VV Williams, Woi
tlinuton, and Yi.ll—122
NWS—Mi bis Adams, Heman Alltn J.ihn W Alleif,
Aycri1-, B 1!, Bl !<"e linden Wnham B Calhoun, John Ca!
boon, Willi un B Campbell, Chamberí, Cheatham, Child",
loiwin, fian&km, t íockctt, Curtly Lushing, Daihngton,
Davits, II b uy, D nms, Dunn, Everett, Evvtng, Rlehaid
rirtthei, liiimire liioe (inland Goo le, James (Jiihim,
Wi'lmn Giahim (¡¡aves, Gicnnell, IXall, liaKveal, italltn,
IlarpT, Hawcs, liem\, lltind, Jenifer, Ileniy lohnson, WiJ
liimto-t tohiron, I in lei Lincoln, Andiew W I oonns Mar
vm, Sam on Via on, Miuiy, May, M<ixwoll, MoKeim m, Mene
ie yteim Milligai Calv ry Mom-, havloi, Patterson,
Ptuoe Pu k, Phillips, pipe, Pons, liaildcn, Handolf h,
R ed Reiuhei Iti lijw ty, Rilmsey, Ru-seli, Serireant, Augus-
tine 11 Mi i'jiPiü, < hubs ^hejmd, Sibley Slide, 3outh?aie,
Nan! y, Slration Tlllin^liasl, 'Inland, Undtrwood, Albeit S
Wine, Iln White Tll-hi Wlnllli -ty Uwk Willi mis,
Shutio 1 Willi nn=, hteeph Williams, Clulblophei II Wi liams
\\ !-e, md \cuke—31
So the resolution was agreed to.
'Hie House then passed to the ordpis of the day.
DIVORCE BANKS BILL
The bill liom the Semate, entitled "an act im-
posing additional duties in ceitain cases on public
officcis," w as taken up on its reference.
Mr C4MBRELLNG remarked, that as this
hill < onesponded in almost all its provisions with
the llonse bill under triedme title, i 'ported by the
Committee of Wajs and Means, and refeired to
the Commitlee ot the Whole on the state ol the
Union, in orc'ei, thciefore, that there might be no
delay upon the action oi this bill, and as there was
inly one slight difference between them, he
had been instructed, he said, by the Committee of
Waj s and Meins, to move that this bul be at once
coram tteed to the same Commitlee of the Whole
as the other
The motion was assented to, jiem. dis
TREASURY NOTES.
The House then pioceeded to the consideration
of the " bill to authorize the issuing of Treasury
notes "
The bill had been entirely amended in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and a substitute submitted by
Mr CAMBRELENG adopted
Mi B.HETT moved to amend the fii&t section
by inserting in the second line, after the word
"notes," the following- "or bills receivable in
payment of the public dues," and supported his
amendment at some length, and went somewhat at
large into ihe subject geneiallj.
Mr FLCTCHER opposed the bill, on the
pound of its not being requued, and thereto-c they
were not justified in incurring a debt when the Go-
vernment had sufficient meins in hand. What
viae ihcv' The bonds of Ihe PenriM lv^nia Bank
of the United Slates amounting to $6,1)00,000, with-
out inteiest, uhioh might be readili sold in Europe,
even /<>i specie if it was wanted. Then thete were
$1 6 000,000 m the depo-itc banks, which might he
lendeied avail1.hie by drafts being drawn on it.
These «erf sufficient resources tor all the ne*essi-
tusof the Government, without incurring a loan
of po,ooo,ooo
lie ob)ec ted lo the bill, also, because it was de
ceptive m Us mode The object and purpose of Ihe
bill «ere not consistent with its title instead of
meal} autioii/ing Ihe issue oi ten millions of
Tieasnry notes, u was really a bill avihouzmsr ^
loan of ten millions, and that should be us title.
Il was thetefore deceptive in i's chiracter, and no-
thing more n >r lc=s ihan an imposition.
lie al-o objected to it on the gtoriid ol unconsli-
tutioiuliij, and inquired where existed the power
ol the General Government to i-suc bills ol credit'
Such a power belongs not to it
Ihe discretionary power left the Executive to
fix (he late ol interest on the Tieasiny notes, short
of six percent was another valid oh|ec'ioii he had
ti it It was involving uncertain legvlat on, vest-
ing too much power in the Executive, and disrob-
ing the legi-lat ve department oí that which w as
j eculiaily and smell} within its province.
Mr. CUSHING said it would be idle for him to
think of adding any thing to the force and clear-
ness of the observation  of his colleague, (Mr.
Fletcher;) but one of the remarks made by that
gentleman had recalled to his recollection a curious
fact, bearing upon the question at issue, which he
begged leav e to state to the House.
Ii would be lemernbered, that one of the mam
arguments of those gentlemen who deny the con-
stitutionality of a national bank, is the considera-
tion that the power to establish such a bank is not
expi ew'y given to Congress in the Constitution , that
it is what is called a constructive power, and that
a proposition was made in the convention which
flamed the Constitution to confer on Congress
power to ciedle corporahoni, and itjected.
Now that (said Mr C.) the analogy between
this question of a national bank, and that ot bills
of credit, is perfect m all its paits. There is no ex-
piess power in the Constitution (or Congie-s lo
issue bills of credit. It is a constiueuve power,
just as much as the power to establish a national
bank ; and Mr Pinckney of South Carolina pro-
posed, as ma) be seen by the punted journal of the
convention, that in the enumeiation ol the poweis
of Congiess, one clause should read thus " l'o
boirovv money and emit bills of n edil." This lattei
blanch of the pioposruon the convention rejected
the actual piovioion as to loans being m these
woids "To bonow money on the credit ol the
Umled States."
Mr C. said lhat, without himself admitting Ihe
conclusiveness of the arguments adveise to the
constitutionality of a national bank, he did not see
hou those who did entertain that view ol the Con-
stitution coull consistently suppoit a law foi the
emission oi  bills of credit.
Mr. PAR.MENTER supported the bill, and op
posed ihe pioposit on to sell the United States Bank
bonds in Europe, showing that it would lead to le-
sults similai to ihose which had lately taken place
lie also insisted that the resouices adverted to by
Mr. Fletchei were not available The issue of
Tieasury notes was far preferable to a loan, or to
the issue of Treasury drafts. The former would
be taken by the large cities, the lattter would be in
large and inconvenient sums, and would thence fail
m giving general relief to the country, because
they would not bpcome current.
Mr P. then traced the evils of ihe present condi-
tion of things to theirsource, arising out of the uni-
versal spun of speculation in land, town lots, new
inventions, &c. and in conclusion, he said, lhat af-
ter hiving examined the íeport of the Secrelaiy oi
the Treasury, ho was well acsured there would be
a defiuencv of our lesouices, and that thf bill pro-
posed no moie than was absolutely requ red foi
the indispensable wants ot the Government
Mr. CROCKETT questioned the declaration
made by some gentlemen, that there ucie no em-
bauassments felt in the oountiy, fir they weie not
only acknowledged by the President in his Mes-
sage, but were felt in almist eveiv section, and vet
not one of the bills proposed by the CommiliC" of
Ways and Means was des gned for the relief ol the
people.
In reference to the bill nndei consideration he
objected to it, because it clothed the President vnih
power fo create a national dpbt- for this scheme, he
contended, was nothing moie nor less—while noth-
ing was intended for the pe pie, who were to be
dismissed wilh a lecture on prudence, modeiation,
and economy. He lilo ned this course to tin* case
of Job and his wt'e, whose onlycomfoit and con-
sola! ion she aíTbtded lo her husband was well
known This was pretty much like what the Pre-
sident said to his constituents, to the people Mr
C dtnounced the sjstem of the Sub-Treasuries, or
what he regarded as a Treasury bank in le-
feienec to the late President, he said it appe ired
that he was not alone content with dictating his
successor, but he must also dicta'e what thit suc-
cessor should do. Instead ol attempting to devise
means to keep up the present prodigal and extra-
vagant expendí! ures of the Government, Mr. C was
fin beginning at the right place, and in th° right
manhei,viz by letreiichrrent, reform, and economy
Moreovei, it had been, to his mind, shown conc'u-
suelj, that thes" §10,000,000 would not be wantel,
after withholding the deposite ot the fourth instal-
ment with the States. But even if it were other-
wise, he said, so let it be. If the Government had
actually biought itself into a state of insolvency,
it ought to be known. He denied, however, that"
the balances in the deposite banks weie unavail-
able, since Treasury drafts diawn upon those de-
posites would be taken eveiy vvheie, nor could he
see the difference between a piotested Tieasuty
diaft and a Treasury note beaung interest. In
conclusion, he was in favor of a national bank, as
the only means of furnishing the country a sound
and uniform currency, and of legulalmg the ex-
changes Of the power of Congress to chartei
such an institution, he had no constitutional doubts
whatever, and it he had, lie would not set them
up agamsf the overwhelming authority on the othei
s de. Even if it weie true that the late bank had
been guilty of all the charges alleged against it,
lhat oileied no good lesson why they should not
have another, wilh proper safeguards to prevent a
lecurietiie of such abuses, if any such existed,
lie believed there was a large majority oi the
people in favor of a national bank, if their sense
cou'd be fanly aceita ned.
Mi. IIAMER had thought last night that the de-
bate on this bill was c'osed,but it seemed that they
had taken a Iresh stait that morning He himseil
did no! rise to make a speech, but bnefly to throw
out a few suggestions m reply to some things that
hnd been thrown out by gentlemen in the course ot
the discussion.
Some complaints hid been made of the oi lei m
which the business of the House had been brought
before it Gcnlh men had uized th it this bill ought
lo have been laid aside, and that the bills to allow
time to the deposite banks, and toposlp me the pay-
ment ot meichinis' bond , should havt been fust
disposed of, befoie the final action was had up in
the present bill Now, there were two leasons why
that was not the propel course
The first was, that, so far as had been seen by the
course, and gathered from the declarations of gen-
tlemen in the opposition, they were opposed to all
the measuies brought forward, and hence it was
but fair and reasonable that the fuends of those
measures should be allowed to select the ordei in
which they should be brought before the House.
That was one reason.
The other was, that the Government ought lo
act, in regard to this matter, precisely as an indi-
vidual would in similai circumstances Suppose
that he owed a thousand dolíais, and was unoic-
paied to pay it when called upon, and asked time
of his creditor, that ceditor said he would give
him time if he (the creditor) could laiseitftom
any other souice—must not ihtt ere litor a^ceitam
first whethei he could raise the amount of money
before he could in lulge him (Mr. II ) his debtor'
That was pieciselj what they wanted to ascerlpin
in ihe present case They weie first to asccitam
wliPlhf r ihey had the means of granting the in lul-
s;ence pioposed in the oilví two bills, bifoie the y
could take upon thtmselvcs lodoso This was
fair and leasonable, aid wai the emly pcifes.ll/
pioper course.
Now, in legard to the arguments advanced tint
morning bv the ve'v able gtnileman liom Massi-
ch i-c tts, (Mr. riclcher ) Th it gentleman insisted
that this bill was unnecessary, and ass gned hi
reasons. He said they should sell the clam upon
ihe Bank of the United Slates Why, ihe Govern-
ment u >s nt vv out of money, and «anted funds
iinmediitd. Which, ihm, was th  most reís m i-
ble foi the Governnnnt to go inti Ihe n^rkel an 1
force a salp of lhat claim, and thepipei she holds
against the Bank ot he United Siales' oi lo issue
Treasury notes, and take tune to icndei that debt
available, or collet' it atmainnti' Was a foiecd
sale advantageous, undei any circumstances, citni i
to an indivi lual cu i ■ the Government' C rt. n'v
not It ,s belter, therefore, lhat the notes should
be issue'
Again There was a hnre amount m Ihe deposx e
banks, said the gentleman JNow th"v heard that
repeatedly before, but did not eveiy puitlcmai
there knov , that the amount in thp deposite banks
could not be commanded at lhat time' Nav, moir
w as it   not  insisted by   gentlemen ol the opt o-
