CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            i<)§
ject, and more directly pertaining to its merit*, he
should have contented himself to )et this matter rest
where it was, after so Ion?; a lapse of time; but he
would show, in a few words, that no censure was
imputable to the majority of that committee, or the
individuals whs had been designated. "The gentle-
man from Virginia had prefaced his charges by a
statement, made with all the emphasis of manner
■     which peculiarly distinguish his remarks, by an-
nouncing to the House that he was about to make
;   a statement never b fore communicated  to this
f    House or to the country, and the substance of that
communication was, the manner in which the re-
ports of the majority and minority of that commit-
tee had been  made up.    And how was it?    Why,
■     sir, stripped of its coloring, and stated in brief
space, it was, in snm and substance,-that the mem-
bers of the majority had furnished their chairman
—ihe individual of their parly first named on the
committee—with their separate views, to be embo-
died into a report, and Mr. Mann had, ¡n addition,
furnished his notes of the proceedings and evidence
before the committee; and this chairman of the ma-
jority, instead of performing the labor of embodying
these views in the form of a report, had entrusted
them to iheir clerk, to be arranged and reduced to
form. Now this was the whole sub'tanee of the
charge announced to the House wi'h so much
solemnity, and upon which the answer imputed by
(fee gentleman was grounded. Was there any Ihing
Censurable or extraordinary in Ihis? was there any
thing which should call down the indignation of
this House, or of the community, as might be in-
ferred from the remarks made by the gentleman
from Virginia?
The offence particularly imputed to his prede-
cessor, was that he had actually furnished the
notes he had taken of the proceedings, as a mem-
ber of the committee, to assist in making out the
report of the committee.
[Mr. Wise interrupted Mr. L. and said that
was not the pith of the charge against the gentle-
man's predecessor. The charge was tint he de-
nied that he knew the contents of the report, until
it was' read in the committee; and Mr. Pearce
himself had said it was Mr. Mann who furnished
the "offensive matter f„r the report. The charge
against the gentleman's predecessor was that he
was guilty of falsehood.']
Mr. Loomis resumed, and said from the esti-
mation in which the character of Mr. Pearce ap-
peared to be held by the gentleman from Virginia,
as exhibited in his former remarks, he should
hardly suppose that he (Mr. W.) would introduce
him (Mr. Pearce) as a witness against any one.
[Mr. Wise: Well I do confe-s F would not
place much reliance on Dutee J. Pearce.]
Mr. Loomis resumed; he did not understand the
gentleman from Viiginia, either formerly or now, to
say that Mr. Pearce told him that Mr. M^inn
knew the contents of the majority report; but he
understood it that the gentleman inferred that fact
from the circa msi anee that Mr. Pearce told him
that Mr. Mann furnished the notes from which the
/ offensive matter was tiken. tl" he was mistaken
in this, he desired to be corrected arid set right.
The testimony did justiiy the inference, and he
could see no impropriety whatever in that circum-
stance; he considered it (he duty of every member
of the. committee to give his views to the member
who drew up the report, and to furnish his notes of
the proceedings also, if use contd be made of them.
It had appeared that the majority had not signed
the reportas drawn, but had amended it by striking
out'paits of it, to make it meet the concurring
views of the six individual who composed that
majority. This was to have been expected, and
the report of the minority shared no better fate.
That was drawn by the gentleman from Virginia
himself, and Ins colleagues had declined signing it,
as he understood the gentleman to say; and finally
the getitieman from Virginia alone, being the mi-
nority of the minoiity, and one out of the nine,
had drawn up and signed his report alone.
This'report the gentleman had informed the House
he wrote with his own hand, and crossed the
c's and dolled the Vs himself, and he (Mr. L.) pre-
sumed that he agreed to it unanimously.
1 have done with this branch of the subject, and
have said more than was psrhaps necessary to say
upon it.
With respect to the resolution and the amend-
ment before the House, there was one part of it
which Mr. L. considered objectionable. It was that
part which gave to the proposed committee power
to send for persons and papers. This was a high
power which this House possessed, and which, in
his opinion, ought never to be entrusted" to a com-
mittee, except in cases of clear necessity. No such
necessity was shown in this case. It was a power
very liable (o abuse; and though it was not to be
expected that a committee of the House would
sanction any abuse, yet he thought that prudence
dictated to the House to reserve to itself these ex-
traordinary powers, unless a case of necessity was
presented. It would be time enough to grant such
a power when a committee should inform the
House that they had sought information of some
person who had refused to disclose it. Does any
one doubt but that the Secretary of War would
disclose any fact or circumstance within his know-
ledge, that a committee might require, without
being called up asa wimess-, and sworn? Or would
anv officer in the service refuse to answer any
communication from a committee? The resolution
before the House embraced a wide range. It
would he almost matter of necessity, under it, to
seek information from the officers now engaged in
carrying on that war. The commandmg general
and all his officers would, by this resolution, be
subject to be called here to testify before this com-
mittee.
This war had already undergone several partial
investigations before courts martial and courts of
inquiry. A great amount of evidence had been
taken relating to it, and large sums expended—
thousands upon thousands—in eliciting fads. There
was now no charge of any concealment bv any
person; and he (Mr L.) was averse to instituting a
tribunal to try the comparative merits of the seve-
ral officers who had been engaged in that service.
The difficulties attending the prosecution of that
war, and which had produced so much delay and
expenditure, had been explained by several gentle-
men in this very debate. We had been told of the
great extent of wilderness—of the swamps and
everglades, impenetrable to the whites, in which the
savages concealed themselves. We had been told
of the difficnlty of transporting the necessaries of
war, and above all, of the sickly and unwholesome
climate.
These were, doulitless, the true causes; but he,
Mr. L. was not averse to an investigation, but he
preferred it should be in the ordinary mode, and
by the Military Committee, as moved by the gen-
tleman from Mart-land.
Mr. L. concluded by moving to strike out that
part of the resolution which gives power to send
for persons and papers.
The CHAIR said ¡his amendment would not
now be in order, until the amendment ppnding was
disposed of.
Mr. GLASCOCK then modified his amendment,
bv inserting the following, "except such as may be
engaged at th  time in the service."
Mr. WISE suggested to the gentleman that as
the House was to adjourn on Monday week, that
the committee should have power to se- during the
recess, and not have the investigation confined to
ten days.
Mr. GLASCOCK replied that it would be con-
tinued at the'regular session of Congress.
Mr. WISE cared nothing about this investiga-
tion. The moment an attempt was made to enter
upon an investigation, the old disposition is mani-
fested by the partv in power. The leopard would
as soon change his spots as this parly change its
disposition. Ii still comes up and hides the
abuses and corruptions of the Goverminmt; and it is
now even transcending the course ii pursued at ihe
last session The whole investigition of the whole
of ihe Executive departments was then thrown
upon one committee, and but two months given
then to cleause the Augean stable-, and now it was
proposed to commit an investigation of a matter
which had taken up three years in its prosecution,
and was from a thousand to fifteen hundred miles
distance, to a committee, and only ten days allowed
for the investigation.    He believed the investigation
would lead to no good, but would be productive of
much evil, from the manner in which it wqiild be
conducted; as all these investigations were so mana- -v
ged as-to fortify and strengthen the Government in jls
abuses.   Mr. W. then brought to the notice of .the
House a letter he had received from an assistant
surgeon of the army, detailing, a transaction in re-
lation to the conduct of an agent of", the Govern- .
ment, who made an arrangement with the cle,rk of
a steamboat, on one of the rivers in Alabarnáj by
which the Government was defrauded out of $<l(>0."
After the reading of the letters, Mr. W. made some
further remarks in relation to the manner in which
investigations were prosecuted.
Mr. HOWARD said that he would not have
troubled the House with any further observations
upon the amendment which he had submitted, if it
had not been that he wished distinctly to say to the
House and the nation, that.it was not his wish to
smoiher investigation into either the causes or con-
duct of the' Florida war. On the contrary, he
thought that the members of any committee to
which the inquiry might be sent would not do their
duty to the House, the country, or themselves, un-
less they gave the freest scope to the examination, -■
regardless of the persons upon whom the censure
might fall, if any censure was due, and influenced
solely by a spirit of strict justice and impartiality to
all. Having said this, he had a right to expect,
and did expect, rrom the gentleman from Virginia,
(Mr. Wise,) that upon whomsoever else he might
cast the imputation of desiring to stifle inquiry, be
would exempt him (Mr. II.) from being included
in it.
When the resolution was  under consideration
some two weeks ago, the genileman from Tennes-
see (Mr. Bell) had made some statements which ap-
peared to be strong arguments in favor of sending
the subject to the Military Committee.   Perhaps
the House had forgotten the debate which then took
place, although they seldom forgot any thing which
that gentleman said.   The disappearance of resolu-
tions from before the eye of the House, and sudden
reappearance at a distant day, was a great practi- -
cal inconvenience.   According to his classic remi-1
niscences, there was somewhere in Greece a river-
which plunged under ground,  and started un, to
the surprise  of those to   whom it unexpectedly
showed its current, far away from the place of its-
submersion.    It was just so with some of our i «so-
lutions.   The honorable gentleman from Tennes-
see had said that we had the skeleton of an army,"
but that it was not filled up.
Mr. BF.LL said that the fact which he stated
was this, that when a lieutenant of a company fell
m action, t'.i ■ command devolved upon a sergeant,
and that there appeared to be a deficiency in the
number of officers on duty there.
Mr. HOWARD said tñat he had so understood
the gentleman, and would use that fact to show
the propriety of referring this subject to Ihe
Military Commitiee, because that commtte could,
and doubtless woi-ld, urge upon the House a bill
which had been reported every year since he had
been in Congress, and the neccs-ity for which was
fully shown by the Florida war. He alluded to a
hill establishing a corps of engineers, detach; d
altogether from duty in the line. Every body
knew that a general order had been is-uod last
winter, recalling officers of the army from engineer
duty and directing them to repaii to their respecta e
regiments. The services of those ofliceis acting as „
engineers were very useful to ihe country, and the
pressing demands for them f> om all quarters had
caused their absence, on furlough, from their pos's
in line. The experience of ihe Florida war
showed the absolute necessity of separaiing the
two arms of service. Such a measure would, of
itself, be of great service to the organi/at'i-ii of the
army. l!ut there were probably other improve-
ments which might be proposed, after a minute
examination into the maimer in which the war had
been carried on. He desired to atfain some prac-
tical good, instead of having merely a barren
inquiry, and, therefore, was in favor of re'erinig
the matter to a committee which could report hd s
in  the  discharge of ¡is  regular duty, unload of
