CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             Ill
and how did they know that the bank would con-
sent to divide them up into bonds of a smaller
size, say for a thousand dollars each? He appre-
hended that it would not only interfere with the
arrangements of the bank, both here and in Lon-
don, but that it would be found to be against their
interest to do so.
Again, in point of economy, there would be
saving by the issue of Treasury notes. Hoy/?
Why, the United States Bank bonds bore an inte-
rest of six per cent, whereas the Treasnry notes
would not, probab'y, bear a higher rate than three
or four, or, at the utmo<,t, five per cent. The
saving would be the difference between those two
rates of interest on several millions of dollars—
no slight consideration.
Again, there would be a probable loss on-the
sale of the bonds from their par value, of from five
to six per cent, for, by the latest advices from the
Engli-h money market United States Bank bonds
were at 94 or 95 there. This too, was indepen-
dent of the exchange, whatever it might be, and
the commission or expenses of negotiation.
Another objection he had to the amendment was,
that it would be disreputable to the character and
credit of the Government to be selling its securities
in the market. The same objection would also
apply on the part of the bank itself, for she, no
more than merchants, would like to see her liabili-
ties hawked about for sale. Moreover, the United
/ Slates would have to endorse the bonds before they
could be negotiated at all; and he was indisposed
to place the Government in so disreputable a posi-
tion.
Now, what would be the eifect of the Treasury
notes'? Why, they would be equal to so much gold
and silver thrown out among the community, ior
they would, when out, bo received by the Govern-
ment, in payment of dues, as gold and silver, and
the creditors of the Government would gladly take
them as such, as they could readily pass them a.5
such, because they would be sought after by the
importing merchant to pay his bonds. Moreover,
the Seerelary of the Treasury would not attempt to
issue more than were applied for. It was then, in
effect, putting so much gold and silver into circula-
tion the moment the bill passed.
Mr. BOND inquired if he was to understand the
gentleman to say that paper could be made equal
to gold and silver.
Mr. McKIM. Certainly not. He meant only
to convey the idea that the Treasury notes would
answer in the place of gold and silver, being re-
ceivable for the dues of the Government, and its
claimant* being glad to get hold of it. After a
few further remarks of the same tenor, Mr. McK.
concluded by hoping the House would pass the
bill in its original form as it came from the Com-
mittee of the Whole; for he considered the amend-
ment would be destructive to the business .of the
Treasury, which was in immediate want of the
means for carrying on the Government, and which
it could not procure under the operation of the
amendment.
Mr. CÜSHING addressed the House at length
in opposition to the bill; and after a few words
from Mr. BELL and Mr. McKIM, the hour hav-
ing arrived, the House took its usual recess till 4
o'clock.
[Evening Session.]
On assembling after the recess, but few members
appearing—
Mr.  CAMBRELENG moved a   call   of  the
House, which was ordered—ayes 24, noes 22.
After proceeding a few minutes—
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina moved to
suspend the further proceedings on the call. Lost-
ayes 30, noes 45.
The roll was then called through, when a quo-
rum having appeared, the call was suspended.
The Hon. WILLIAM STONE, a member elect
from the State of Tennessee, appeared, qualified,
and took his seat.
TREASURY NOTE  BILL.
The House then resumed  the  consideration of
the bill reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, " to authorize the issuing
of Treasury notes."
The question pending being on the amendment
of Mr. Usdbrwood, as modified on motion of Mr.
Patton, (stated at length in yesterday's Globe,)
The CHAIR then stated the question, and was
about to propound it to the House, when
Mr. CAMBRELENG stated that upon this
amendment depended the state of this bill, because,
if it should be adopted, the Treasury of the United
States would be in the power of the Bank of the
United States. He should, therefore, ask for a
full attendance of the House, and should move for
a call, [the House was still thin,] unless some gen-
tleman wished to address the House.
Mr. HOPKINS, for one, was inclined to vote
for the amendment. He could not see how its
adoption would place Government ;u the power of
the United Stales Bank. The object in selling
•them was, to command an amount of gold and sil-
ver to meet the wants of the Treasury; and admit-
ting the bank would become the purchaser, so
much specie would be drawn from its vaults, and
he did not see how Government could be injured
by having a debt thus paid in advance.
Mr. CAMBRELENG wished to state that he
had not said the United States Bank would be the
direct purchaser, but that the bonds would bought
up by the agente of the bank.
Mr. HOPKINS was opposed to the Treasury
note system, at least so much of it as was intended
to sperate as eurrency, although he was willing to
provide for the wants of the Treasury. He was
induced to regard the amendment, as the least ex-
ceptionable proposition before the House. In case
the sale of the bonds could not be effected, then the
Secretary was authorized by the amendment to
borrow money; and he believed the mover of it
(Mr. Underwood) would have no objection to modify
it, so as to empower that officer to negotiate a loan to
the amount of even ten millions, should it he required.
If the Treasury notes were really intended to ope-
rate as a currency, the denomination of the notes
should be so low as to benenfit the poor as well as
the rich. But he was opposed to the plan of thus
forming a currency with the notes, in every shape
and form. He was mortified and pained to see the
support which had been given lo the measure by
advocates of the hard money system; he ivas not
willing to pay ten millions for such an experiment,
of establishing an Executive currency. He did
not wish to be misunderstood. He was willing to
give the Treasury any amount of relief m a legiti-
mate way, but he was not willing to convert an
Executive officer into the cashier ot an Executive
bank.
Mr. WISE eulogized his colleague on the course
he had just taken. He was glad to find displayed
so honorable and independent an opposition to the
bill. Mr. W. then read several extracts from Pre-
sident Jackson's Messages of 1834 and 1835, to
show that the sales of Government stock in the
United States Bank had been recommended by the
President at those periods.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said, that in offering the
amendment, he had not been actuated by any sinis-
ter motive. He had never been connected with the
United States Bank, nor had he ever owned a dol-
lar's worth of s'oek. His motives were perfectly
disinterested; and as had been suggested, he would
have no objection to modify his amendment so as
to empower the Secretary, in the ease the bonds
could not be sold, to negotiate a loan to any reason-
able amount; and for that purpose, he would leave
a blank in that line, to be filled up at the pleasure
of the House. He deprecated the idea of a Trea-
sury bank as a most dangerous measure, and fatal
to the liberties of the people.
Mr. HAYNES said thai there was one feature
in the amendment which had been overlooked. The
United States Bank bonds were not only worth the
value on their face, but also the premium on Lon-
don; and if thrown into the market, the bank would
purchase them at par value, and then reap all the
advantage of the difference of exchange on Lon-
don.
Mr. UNDERWOOD did not know that the Se-
cretary would be restricted from selling the bonds
at a premium.
Mr. 5V&KAY was willing the bonds should be
sold, if they could be sold immediately, and at their
fair valuer but if they were sent to Europe for sale,
it would be a long time before they could be made
available. But he had another objection. The
bonds would go to Europe endorsed by the Govern-
ment, which would then be responsible as -well as
the bank; and, besides, what was to prevent* the
bank from inducing the holders to keep them back
for any length of time that would suit its purpose,
even for ten or fifteen years. A similar game had
been played before, and what ground was there to
suppose it would not be played again? But, if the
gentleman would alter his amendment so as to sell
the bonds, principal and interest, and absolve Gov-
ernment from all liability, he would have no ob-
jection ; but the amendmeat proposed no such
thing ; therefore he could not vote for it. But the
Treasury notes could be made available immedi-
ately, and were liable to none of those objections.
He would accordingly support it, although he was
as much opposed to the establishment of a Treasury
or Executive bank as ariv one.
Mr. ROBERTSON wa's in favor of the amend-
ment. He adverted to the danger of flooding the
country with spurious paper, which, in his opinion,
would be the result of the passage of the bill. He
could not think how Government, at this time of
distress, could adopt such a measure as that of
issuing bills of credit, as the Treasury notes cer-
tainly were.
Mr. WISE read an extract from a letter to the
Secretary of the Treasury from a commercial house
in New York, wherein it was stated that, at that
date, (September 22,) the Treasury notes would
fetch froin 92 to 94 per cent, in specie.
Mr. LEGARE was m favor of issuing Treasury
notes without interest; which issue, in his opinion,
would answer the purpose of relieving the commu-
nity and the Government at the same time. This,
he contended, was strictly within the letter and
spirit of the Constitution. He answered the argu-
ment of gentlemen in relation to those noiea being
bills of credit, and contended that it was nothing
more nor less than borrowing money; and certainly
the Government of the United States, and of every
State, had the power to do this. In relation to
the Government becoming a great banker by the
issue of those notes, he thought it an entirely new
doctrine, because, if borrowers were to become
bankers, he took it there were a great many bank
ers in this country. Mr. L. entered into a brief
argument in support of this view of the question.
"Mr. PATTON did not see how the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means could assume
that the United States Bank vould become the pur-
chaser of the bonds any more than others. The
bank could not purchase them, unless she paid the
full value; and of what consequence could it then
be who bought them?
Mr. CUSHING made some remarks explanato-
ry of what he had said in the morning.
Mr. POSTER replied at some length to the ar-
guments of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
(Mr. Cushmg) in relation to the Treisury notes
being bills of credit. He contended that the Con-
stitution authorized Congress to issue these, notes if
the exigencies of the Government required it, even
though they were bills of credit. The Constitution of
the United Stales prohibited the States from issuing
bills of credit, coining money, and making treaties
and alliaucesjbut there was no clause in it which pro-
hibited the United States from issuing bills of cre-
dit, if it was necessary to do so. Tke bona fide ob-
ject of issuing these notes was to raise money to
carry on the operations of the Government, and
that'bemg the case, he contended that this was
strictly constitutional. He opposed the amendment
as being insufficient lo meet the exigencies of the
country. These bonds, by being thrown into the
market, might raise something for the relief of the
Government, but he contended that they would be
inadequate to supply all the wants of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. MENIFEE said it was believed that the
nature of the bill was such that it would not affect
the currency. Buthe would ask if gentlemen who
had said so", had not been rebuked officially for so
doing. He went on to show why he thought the
notes would form a constituent part of the currency,
