Selves, nor co-operate with others m adopting mea-
sures of relief. One gentlaaian (Mr. Bell) had told
them, that morning, that they ought not to do any
thing." That gentleman was a " parliamentarian,"
well versed in the rales, and he was accustomed to
majse use oT that skill in order to attain his objects.
Indeed, if Ka had not been misinformed by his
friend, had that gentleman (Mr. B.) succeeded iu
the morning with his amendment to strike out ail
after the enacting clause, the bill would have been
lost; and, by that course, the gentleman would
l         have prevented any relief to the banks or to the
i         nation.   It was thus evident that the object was to
Í         defeat the bill, without offering any substitute for
|         it.   Mr. R. said that, when he came to Congress,
I         he came with the impression that the Government
and country were embarrassed, and, divesting him-
self of all paity feeling, he had not stopped to in-
vestigate the causes, but was bent on removing the
evil. When a bouse was in flame*, the inquiry
was, not how it caught lire, but how the lire could
be extinguished? So, in the piesent case, all debate
as to the probable cause of the present di&tiess was
worse than useless All little differences should be
laid aside, and each member act for the publie
good. He then referred to a letter wntten by Mr
Jefferson, in 1813, to his son-in-law, then chairman
of the Committes of Ways and Mean--, wherem he
strongly recommended the issue of Treasury notes,
and said they would be more useful, if not beaung
.          interest, than otherwise ; also to an act passed m
1815, and various other acts, authoiizing the issue
of such notes, without a dissentient voice.    He
1          thought, therefore, it was a fair inference that
their predecessors had no doubt as to the right given
i          by the Constitution foi the adoption of such mea-
'          sures, when lequircd by the exigency of Govern-
i          ment.    He believed the passage of the piesent bill,
whether amended or not, would enable the banks
to resume specie payments, and afford íeliel to the
1         merchants and country at large,
j             Mr. CALHOUN of Kentucky would vote for
•         the bill, but more willingly if the notes bore inte-
I         rest than otherwise.
I             The question was then taken on Mr. Riiitt's
[         amendment, which was rejected—yeas 81, nays
137, as follows:
¡                "VEAS—Messrs   Hell, Bond   I!oon, Biodliead, William B
Campbell, John Campbell, William 13 Cirtu, Chapman,
Childs, Claiborne, Cleveland, Olowney, Connor, Clary, Cut
tis, Dawson, Davee, Dennis, Duncan, Dunn, E mole Ew ng,
James Garlan , Rice Garland, Gholson, GiaKtnclr, tamos (iia
ham, William Giaham, Giaves Gray, Griffin, Hammond,
Harlan, Harpei Hawes, Hawlons, Ileiod, Holt, Httbley, Ing
ham Jemfei, Henry Tohnsm Wilham Cost Johnson, Leeaie,
Lewis, Lyon, Mai tin, McClure, Momgomny Muthiat, Moms,
Calvary Morris, Muhlenbetg, Munay, Petrikm, Phillipb, Pope,
Potter, Rariden, Rhett, Richardson, Rid^eway Ri\ e&, Rub
<;e!!, Sheffei, Augustine II Shf ppu i -sluuds, Kepler, Sthley,
Smith, Stone, Thompson, Towns \\ vginer Webster Albert
H White, John Wh t<, Eiiblti Whittlesey, Iev\w Williams
(shenoil Williams, Wkp   and \oike—S!
N\YS—Mc^is   A aius, AIe\an lu   fieman Al'cn   .I>'in
W    Allen, Amle\so-n, Anthers    Athettt i,   \yt,n(rg   (ieu'v,
!           lieune, Htcknel!, Biddl ,   lint! ah    B-iden    Btl^s   Btonsuu,
liiuyn, tluchanan, iiynmn   Willnn ÍÍ   Cilhout,  John ( tl
hoon, Cambie'enjr,   Iimuhy   Í   Cnnr   ( iscy, (h unlets,
Chaney, Cheatham,   Clatl,   <  >les   ( uum,   Ci o^,  (,t in-l   l
Í rockett, Gushln?, Í it-li twit   ¡)t  i u 01     Ptwt      Pebinv,
DeGraff", Prnmgoole, LJ \ it K, Louett   i^aiiloston,  Riclnt tí
Fletcher, Fillmore,  Foster, Iiy  Gallup, Goode   Giantland
Crt-nnell Haley, Halste ti, H r i^on,Hd ting>, Jlayncs   Horn,
Holsey, Hopkins, fiovs ml, William II Hun ct, ItobtitM   r
Hunter, Tn >mas R   la kson, I tbe? hi k^on, To>tph Join bon,
Jfhn   W    Jones, Kemble, hi¡-roie, hjingtifon h Í eadbettei
I mcoln, Logan A phavtal I  i nib Andi^w \V   I, onus, >i il
1 trv,   Martin,    Ian u VI    Ma^ m    -s mson   M t on,   Viuutv,
McKay,  Robert  MtClellan,   Abi ihain   Modelan    "VIcKun,
^irKen .Jn, Menefee, Meicei Milhfian,Miller, Morgan feamuel
W   Morn*, Nayloi Noble, Noyes, O-íle Owens Pihnei Pn
kei,  Parmenter, Pun v>n   Potto,   Px\ itt r, Petict,   Petk
Ptainyhacktl, Fnimer   Pots, Piuliss, hwd   Ru v, Reneher,
"Robertson, Ramsey, Sawve,   -su.>po\t -slule -snydei South
gale, Spencei  Stanley, ^tcvvail, Shall tn    1 iTaiwto, T ylul,
rn tmas, 7 uub, loiitey liiiney,! itleit\o t! v u!5 \antltt veu,
W. els, Thorn tsT   Whittle=ei    InelW   \\ tl n ms  I > ep i
Wi'hams, Clutstophev 1Í V bliam-., \\0)tmuo ot,   id \oU-
13/
Mr. WISE then renewed his amendments, of-
fered in Committee of the Whole
The first amendment, stnUniiout m the first sec-
tion, "as he ma} deem expedient," and nsorting,
"as the ex'gencies of the G vernment may le-
quire," was adopted without a division.
The question « as then taken on the other three
following amendments, \ihich i,ere severally re-
jected.
Mi WISE, afiei some preliminary remarks, of-
fend the following.
Provided, That it shall not be lawful for the Se-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
cfetary of the Treasury, or aaf disbursing ofítíer of
the Government, to pay out or circulate any Trea-
sury note or notes, so long as there remains in the
hands of such disbursing officer, -.or the Treasurer
of the United States, any specie or other available
funds: Jlndprwidedfurther, That the whole amount,
or so much of the five millions of dollars as by
law is to remain m the Treasury for contingen-
cies, shall be kept on hand m Treasury notes, until
the exigencies of the Government shall render their
use or circulation necessary.
On this amendment Mr. W. asked for the yeas
and nays, which were ordered.
Mr, MERCER suggested a modification to the
amendment, providing for the payment of specie
first, and afterward-. Treasury notes, which was ac-
cepted by Mr Wise.
Mr. CAMBRELENG hoped the House would
not adopt any such impracticable amendment, and
gave his reasons therefor.
Mr WISE modified his amendment \t ith a view
of obviating the objection.
Mr. McKAY opposed the amendment as alto-
gether impracticable.
Mr. HOWARD said he would malee a remark
or two upon this amendment. It proposed to take
away all discretion from the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, and compel him to pav specie unfl the last
dollar was expended, before he could ismio a single
Tieasury note This discretion ought to exist.
Specie was more imperatively required for some
expenses than others. Por example, if a vessel of
war were about lo sail to a foreign station, she
must carry some specie with her Take the case
as of the exploung expedition, which, ilthough it
was about io go to what tin sailor-, called the
"Star Pole," vet must necessanly touch at civi-
lired ports, and theiefoie would leqmre no small
amount of specie, m order to be prepaied for con-
tingencies. If the necessary sum was' m the Trea-
sury, there would be no power to reserve it for this
pmpose, but the first applicant for payment of a
demand at the Treasury would sweep it away, and
oblige the Secretaty of the Navy to postpone the
sailing, until he could sell Treasmy notes enough
to supply the sum wanted. Many other cases of
inconvenience might be stared. But further. There
was piobabiy no custom-house {rom Boston to
New Oileans, m «Inch some specie had not been
collected. This was placed to the ciedit of the
Treasurer as soon as received, and wa^, of couise,
m the Tieasury. Should the proposed amendment
prevail, the Secteiarv would ha\e to ascertain
from every custom-house whether theie was a dol-
lai ihcie, before he could issue a single Treasury
note; and it any amount, honever small, was m
the hands of anv collectei, no maitei however dis-
tant from th-^ place tthoie theoxpentlifiur h id tobe
made, the hinds of (he Secretan itoiikl be lit d up
The amendment vould, in practice, eii'Md) deteat
the bill
Mr RIIRTT novel a feconstdeiation of the
vote, bt which the amendment of M"\ U\'di irwoon,
pioposing to seH the Umtfd States Bank bonds
owt ed by Government, had been rejected the day
previous
The Spealtor ruled thit the motion was not in
order duitntr the pending another motion then be-
forp the House
Mr WISE with a view of enabling the <ibo\e
mot>on to be pnteitamed, withdrew his piopoMtion
for a timo.
Mi CtMBRELE'TO had hoped, from the lote
givui on infamen bnent list nmht, that gpnt'emen
had made up iheu minds that it could not be
adopted. He did not rise to debate (he question,
mt lo en'reit the Hou^e to take thp question on
the bill to night As the question come before the
House m this compromising form, he desired to
have a full House to vote on the question, and
therefore mo\ed a ca!1 ol the House.
Mr. GRIFFITH moved that ¡he House adiourn
Mr. CAMBRELENG called for the j tac and
nays, uhicli were ordared.
Mr GRIFFIN thereupon withdrew the motion.
Mr. MAURY renewed it.
Mr. McKI"VT called for fhe veas and najs; but
the House refused to ordei them, and tie motion
to adjourn was negatived—yeas 75, nays 121.
Mr. UNDERWOOD hoped the House would
reconsider this vote. He had pledged himself to
the gentleman to modify his amendment in pur-
suance of his suggestion, and was desirous of
testing the sense of the House on it in this form
He must say that he did not like the modification
so well as the original amendment, but he liked it
better than the bill, and, therefore, was glad of the
opportunity afforded oi testing the sense of the
House m relation to it.
The motion for a call of the House was thea
negatived.
Mr. PILMORE called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider, which were ordered, and
were—yeas 110, nays 113, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Alexander, H Allen, J W Allen,
Ayoilgf, Bell, Btddle, Bond, Bouklln, Bliggs, William B Ctl-
houn, John Calhoon, William B ( ampbell John Campbell,
William B Cartel, Chambers, Cheatham, Clowney, Cerwitt,
Oianslon, Ciockott, t uttis, Ctrshtng, Panmgto , Dawson, Da-
wes Deberry, Dennis Dunn, Ftmoie Ever* ti, Ewing Itlehirrt
rieteher, Filln,oiet James Garland, Rice Garland Goode, Jab
Giaham, William Gtaham, Graves Grennell, Grlffm, Ilalsleat',
Hxrlan, Haipei, Ha tm^s, Hatve-s, IKnrv, Jleirnl, Hoffman,
Hopkins Robert M 1 Hunter. Jenifer, Henry fohnson, Wil
ham Cost Johnson Lesrare, f.ewis, Í meoln, Andrew W lnonit,
Mallory, Man in, Samson Mason, Miuty, McKennan ¡Vlenlfee,
Meicei, Milligan Calvary Morns, Nayloi Noyes O^le, IMl-
terson, Patlon, Pea ice, Pel k, Phillips, Pope. Potts, Randen,
Reed, Reneher, Rhett, Richardson, Ridgvny Rolieri'm, Rum -
eey, Russell, Sawyer, Seigeant, Augusune tl iShtppen',
Siuelth, Sitjley, blade Southgate, Stanley, Stone, stiatton,
Ttitaterio, Thompson TJn lerwood, Websiei, Albeit S \\ fute,
John White, Eli8ha Whmlescy, T,ewts Williams bhenodWiU
1 amt= Joseph L Williams, Chrretophel II William*-, \Vi6e,
aid Yorke—110
NA\s—Messrs   Anderson,    Auditws,   Atherion,   Heath,
Belrne, Bicknell, 1 mlsall, Bonn, Boiden,  Biodheact, Brnnf01 ,
firuyn, Buchanan, Hvnum, Cjaihielenfr, T   1   Caiter Case\,
Chaney, Chapman, Ci"ey Claihoine, chik, ( levclantf Cole-,
Ctnuoi, Ciáis, Crarv, Cushman, l>a\ee, DeGraiT Diomcoolt^
Unman, Cttwauls, rirrmííton Fanfietl, Foster, Tiy, Gallup,
Gholson, Glascock, Giantland, Giay, Hllev, Hammond, Hairt-
sin Hawkins, IJaynts, Ho'«ey Ifoli, Howard Ilttblev, W   H
If imtei, Inghtoi,T  B   Jackson, J   Tatkson, f Johnson Mthi
me!   tones,   J     *     Iones,   Kemhle, Kileoi,    Kliueen truth,
Leadueitei, I^tgan, aapha^ed f ooims, I.yon, James M fthsoi,
^¡allln, McKay, Robert McClellan, Ahrahim MeClellan, Sh-
Cluie, McKim, Mlllel, Montsomeiv, Morgan, Samuel W ¡Viol
us, Muhlenberg, Munay,Noble, Owens, Palmei, Ptilier, Pai
mentor, Paynter, Pennyh-icket,   Potuken,   Phelps,  Pluniei,
Pottti, Piatt, Pientiss, Reily   Rives, ísheffei, iSlnpler, Mnlll,
-^nytiei,  Speneer, átewait  Tayloi   Thomas, Tim-', Tonco,
Towns, Ttirney, Vail, Vanden eei Wasenei, Weeks Tmmia-,
I   Whittlesey, J   W Williams, Worthtn'lon andlell—11 j
So the motion to reconsidei was negatived.
Mr. WISE then renewed his amendment, rs
mo hfied, to except the Superintendent of the Mint.
Mr WISE called for the yeas and naj s on this
amendment; which were ordered.
Mr THOMAS said the gentleman from Virginia
(Mi Wise) has appealed to all members who a re not
now for commencing a Treasury bank to vote foi his
amendment Now, sir, I am of that class; 1 am
for the Treasury note bill, as a means to replenish
the Treasuiy, and provide for the execution of in 
money contracts of the Government I shall vote
m good faith ft r the bill, as a bill of supplies, and
th nL that the Secretai v would be guiltv of a mis
demeanor, if he should evecute the law as if it
hao been passed to furnish a papei cnculation to
the country. But I cannot vote for the amend-
ment to guard aeamst the con [ruction tihich ih<?
gentictian ¡ears will be given to this meas ue. He
proposes to forbid the Secteiarv, the Treasuiei,
and all disbtusing officets, to issue or circulate
on  of the Treasury notes while the Treasmer
or the disbursing officer has ei(her gold or silvei on
hand A very fp\v words I think ate needed to
make it manifest that such a pmvision m the law
ttould make it impracticab'e for ihe omceisof Go-
\eimnent to accomplish tLepuiposes for whicn n
is designed
Befoie the policy was adopted <>'" leaving in ll e
mint a large amount of money, to increase rapid!v
the goltl coinage, it was considered piudent to Keep
, in the Ticasury at all times a surplus of at least
: tuo millions of dollars Notwithstanding the eai-
ncst dostre felt in Congrtss after Ihe war to pay
pecdily ihe public debt, the commissioners
of the sinking fund authonzed tj pinchase the
evidences of the public debt, \icie lequired lo leat o
atall times in the Tieasuiy at least tuo mi'hons of
dollars. It was then supposed to be indispensable
to have that amount of money aluajs m the Trea-
sury In 183C, «hen the deposite law «as passed,
the authors of that measure directed lie Secretaiv
lo retain fue millions of dollars in the TreaSuiy,
supposing, obviously, that a less sum would not be
sufficient to supply our numerous disbursing offi-
