113
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
five collector's, subject to no other charge than such
as may be legally receivable on the taking of the
original bond, upon the entry of merchandise."
According to my amendment (said Mr. C.) the
direction of the matter will be left with the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; and hence there can be no
difficulty m passing over instructions to the col-
lectors, and the effect of the laws will then he to
keep the bonds wi'h the collector.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he felt very little inte-
rest in the matter, other than a strong desite to see
the same justice done to the district attorneys that
he would desire done to all mankind. He had
stated the o'her day on what he deemed very good
authority, that three-fourths of the district attorneys
of the United Stateshad never made any charge w, hat-
ever, because they did not not know v, hat to charge,
oi w hat allowance was granted for such duty. The
Senator fiom Kentucky (Mr. Clay) said that he
could fill up five hundred bonds m a day. Mr. B.
•was aware that the gentleman did business very
rapidly, but that would exceed the powers of any
man m that or any other public body Mr B had
been told by a gentleman oí truth, that he had
been engaged from morning until night for a whole
month in taking about four hundred bonds Mr. B.
said he woald be very sorry to take ihe responsibi-
lities annexed to the duties, the condition of the
parties was to be inquired into, the sureties hare to
be looked to, and he did not think the amendments as
offered by h>mseil to graduate ths price, so a-- to
allow two dellars foi all bonds oí and under five
bundled dollars, and four dollars for ail above that
sum, would be unreasonable
If the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky
prevailed, what would be done with all the past
cases, where the attorneys had never received a
cent nor made a charge, because they did not
know what to charge1 Again, the bonds would
have to be ie-transfeiied from the attorney's hands
to those of the coilectoi In hi-s t pinion, it was
bettor to let the law stand as it was, and let the
distnct attoineys íetam tne bonds, and hold those
officais íesponsible, and allow them a fair compen-
sation
Mr. CLAY asked why, if the labor be the same
in all cases, four dollars should be exacted for
one bond and two dollars for another') If the gen-
tleman alluded to by the Senator from. Pennsylva-
nia did occupy his time for a month in the taking
of t' i e or four hundred bonds, the puce at three
d >llais e/en would givehim a *um superior to that
0    any o/licer under tie Government, save the
President Mr. C said he would undertike to
maintain that five hundred bond* could be filled up
in one day, and the best mode was to retain the
whole buMiie-s in the hands oi the collec'or
Mr "WEBSTER, said the question had  n«en
how came the bonds in the hands of the district
alt muy?   The laws made it the duty ot  the col-
1  Uu to twin ou'i all bonds not paid at maturity
to the distiic1 allotney lor suit, and hence, if the
ben Is hul to be ituewcd, it would be done at the at-
tomej's office, whe*e tne fees were claimed under
ihe pi.ictice of the New York courts Inthepre-
s in cise, wheie an act of elemency of Congie-s
pa ended (he time on these bond', the collector
v t s m doubtedly the best judge of the matter from
bis long acquaintance with, and intimate know-
ledge of the merchant':, besides the duties, Mere
n. ielj clerical, and the parties he took it lor
peine !. «ere iii most 'lístame  the same. In the
pre e ,t ielj\cd stale of business, there was plenty
i i aid in the ousti'm-hou>c for all the duties ihat
wo I'd be leqmied
Mi TYLLMADGE expressed his intention of
voti if; f i, the amendment of the Senator from
Ke tickv (Mi CI?v,)and in so domg, he con-
<■* (d no n just ce would be done to the distnct
attoiutjs 1< ihe Government al'ow eel the renewal,
t^cie «as ro r-c-ssity for the bonds to be sent to
ic 'isiuctUoney, and that officer ought not in
justice to claim any thing, unless put m his ha ids
i or suit
Mr CALHOUN was averse to any charge on
the panics, or subjecting the Government to any
Mi GRUNDY was anxious that the law remain
un i moid With regaid to compensation, he
d d ' ot pretend to be a very conrect judge     He
was aware that in a place like New York, where
there was so much busmes-, a fee, ever so mode-
rate, would amount to a very considerable sum of
money; in one place, then, it might be too much, m
another too small It was necessary, he thought,
to allow as ranch as would secuie the services of a
faithful and competent agent The moment a bond
became due, it was handed over to the district atlof 
ney for suit on that head the law was imperative.
The collector then took the attorney's receipt for
the bonds. Would it not be better to let the law
remain as it is, and allow what was right and
proper to a competent person, than, by altering it,
rim the risk of disordering the whole manner of
keeping the books of the custom-house''
Mr. CRITTENDEN sa'd it struck him that the
district attorney was entitled to no compensation
undei ihe law, that the whole was a mere lawless
and unwanantable exaction of fees Mr Cread
the law of the United Stales, and said that the
charge was noihing more nor less than extortion
Mi. GRUNDY said, on this head the district
attorney of New York had taken the opinion of the
most eminent lawyers, and the fees had beer, taxed
under the supervision of Chancellor Kent; and
hence the district attorney had neither violated law
nor usage. Mr. G did not wish to spend further
time m the discussion. He was ot opinion that the
party benefitted ought to pay the expense; and
where it v. as fixed al so low a rate as two dollars
on bonds ot five bundled, theie could be no lea-
sonablo ground for complaint.
Mr. TALLMADGE explained that the- fees
charged by the district attorneys were the legular
taxed fees. If a bond placed m his hands foi suit
were paid by the parties, the attorney would still
be entitled to his fee under the usage of the courts
of New York Unless placed in his hands for col-
lection, no charge was made, but by the amend-
mendment ef the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
5 on would give him as much for the renewal as he
would be en'itled to under the tax cost
Mr. WRIGHT would vote against (he amend-
ment of the Senatoi from Kentucky (Mr Clay )
Every bond not paid at matunty was immediately
hantled over to the district attoiney for suit It
was not the mere extension of time that officer h"d
to look to, but m giving that time to see that the
bom1-, ba made perfectly secure. Great changes
had taken place in the commercial relations of the
city of New York, and much and fearful responsi-
bi'ity would necessarily be incurred; and hence it
was otu interest to chirge some officei with the
duty that v.ou'd feel h s responsibility to the Trea-
sury. Mr W. thought if $4 were allowed on the
laigei bonds and $2 on the smaller denomination,
it would be imposmg no burden on the mercantile
community
1 he questie n was then taken on Mr Clay's
amendmen', by yeas and nays, when there appeal-
ed—for it 22,against it 18,as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Black, Calhoun, Clay
of Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Kent, Knight,
Moms, Nicholas, Prentiss, Roane, Robbins, Rug-
gles, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Spence, Strange,
Swift, Tallmadge, WebMei, and White—22.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan,
Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, King
of Alabima, Niles, Noivell, Pierce, Robinson,
Smith ot Connecticut, Walker, Wall, Williams,,
Wn^ht, and Young—18
Mr GRUNDY said he would now be compelled
to vote against the bill, because it left the fees of
the DistiiCt Attorney of New York piecisely where
they were, and made provision for no others save
the District Attorney of Alabama
Mr BUCHANAN ^ald he coul 1 not vote for
the bill in its present shape, bcciuse he thought it
woull exclude those d strict attorneys who had al-
íeady done business to a veiy considerable extent
He would, theiefoie, move to recommit the bi'l to
tile committee, "with instructions to pioviele a rea-
sonable compensation to district attorneys fei sei-
vices whien they have already rendered m extend
ing the bonds oi the meichante," and on this no-
lit n he asked 101 the ye?s and nays
After some fuither desultory debate, the question
was taken on the recommitment, when there ap-
peared, yeas 15, nays 26, as follow s
YE4.S—Messrs Buchanan, Clav of Alabama,
Fulton, Hubbard, King of Georgia, MeKean,
Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Robinson, Strange,
Walker, Wall, Wright, and Young—13
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benton, Black,
Calhoun, Clay of Kentucky, Cla}ton, Crittenden,
Grundy, Kent, Km  of Alabama, Knight, Pierce,
Prentiss, Roane, Robbins, Ruggles, Smith of Con-
necticut, Smith of Inliana, Southard, Spence,
Swift, Tallmadge, Webstei, White, and Wil-
liams—26.
The question was then taken on agreeing with
the several amendments as adopted in Committee of
the Whole, and carried. The bill being reported
as amended, was ordeied to be engrossed for a third
reading.
A message was received from the House of Re-
presentatives, stating that it had passed a bi'l to
continue in force cei tain acls passed at the last
session.
Mr. GRUNDY moved to 'ake up the joint reso-
lution in íelation to postage on express letters,
which had its third reading, and v as finally passed.
Mr. BENTON comrnunieated to the Senate a
letter from the Treasury, giving the imports and
exports of gold and silver for the last fortnight, m
which the import was $490,000, and the export
was $150,000, ordered to he on the table, and be
printed
Mr. GRUNDY then moved lo take up the bill
received nvm the other house, and explained the
necessity there was for its immediate passage
Some laws had been passed at the last session
which were to continue in force to the close of the
ensuing session. The present being an extra ses-
sion, and unlooked for at the time, rendered neces-
sary  the  adoption  of  this  measure
This bill, having had its three several readings,
was finally passed
Mr. WRIGHT then moved lo take up the bill
auihouzing merchandise to be deposited in the
public stoies, and for other purpose .
Mr KING of Alabama thought it would be
better to postpone the bill, particularly, as from all
appearances just now, there w ouki be no chance
of its passing the other body this session; and, a*
there was a great diversity of opinion involved, he
thought it better to postpone it until the first Mon-
day in December next
Mr CALHOUN agreed with the Senator from
Alabama that it was belter to postpone it to the
period named, when it could pe fully acted on,
and all its features maturely considered. He was
not prepared at this time to e^ter on any discus-
sion, and he was aware that there was a great
diveisity of opinion on the subject
Mr WRIGHT did not suppose there would
have been any objection to taking up the bill,
neither was he aw are of any diver-ity of opinion
in relation to it So far as he was concerned, he
was perfectly willing for the Senate to take its
own course The measure hid been pressed on
his considei ation bj the pai ties inteiested. He felt
persuaded, if the bill were fully examined, that it
would not be found objectionable m any shape.
The question being taken on the adoption of Mr
Wriohi's motion, there appealed, foi if 20, against
it 7. The lili was accordingly taken up loi con-
sideration.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved to amend the bill, by
inserting, after the last clause, " Provided, That the
existing laws, peimittnig the landing and delivery
of railroad iron, imported for the pin pose of being
peimanently laid down on lailroads and inclined
plane«, shall be and icmam m full force, any thing
in this act to the contrary notwithstanding ," which
amendment was agreed to.
Mr CLAY said that, although he had expiessed
an opinion favoiable to this bill when 't was last
up, yet he w ould feel himself obhsred to \ ote against
it, from a consideration which had not presented
itself to his mind at that time. He alluded to
the eomptomn-e act, by a fur interpretation of
which credits could not be abohshed until after the
expiration of that act, which would not take plaee
until the 3d June, 1842 Alter this period, all du-
ties were to be collected in money, and all credits
abolished. Disposed as he was to adhere faithfully
and scrupulously to this act, he felt himself pre-
