ÍOY^HKSSIO\Al, <¿ LO 1*11

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1837.                              Volwme 5...........No. 9.
BY BLAIR & UIVES.
WEEKLY                        PRICE §2, FIRST TWO SESSIONS.
[Continued from .No. 8.]
commendation, even as understood by those who
impugn that recommendation. The bankrupt
clause is.very peculiar in its phraseology, and the
more strikingly so from its contrast with the
phraseology of the naturalization clause which is
coupled with it. Mark this difference: there is to
be an uniform rule of naturalization; there are to
be uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies.
One is in the singular, the other in the plural; one
is to be a rule, the other are to be laws; one acts on
individuals, theotheron the subject; and it is bank-
ruptcies that are, and not bankruptcy that is, to be
the objects of these uniform laws.
As a proposition, now limited to this particular
case, I lay it down that we are not confined to the
modern English acceptation of this term bankrupt;
for it is a term, not of English, but of Roman ori-
gin. It is a term of the civil law, and borrowed
by the English from that code. They borrowed
from Italy both the name, and the purpose of the
law; and also the first objects to which the law was
applicable, The English were borrowers of every
thing connected with this code; and it is absurd in
us to borrow from a borrower—to copy from a
copyist—when we have the original lender, and
the. original text before us. Bancus and ruplui sig-
nifies a broken bank; and the word broken is not
metaphorical but literal, and is desciiptive of the
ancient'method of cashiering an insolvent, or frau-
dulent banker, by turning him out of the exchange,
or market place, and breaking the table to pieces
on which he kept his money and transacted his
business. The term bankrupt, then, in the civil
law from which the English borrowed it, not only
applied to bankers, but was confined to them;
and it is preposterous in us to limit ourselves
to an English definition of a civil iatv term.
Upon this exposition of our own Constitution,
and of the civil law derivation of this term bank-
rupt, I submit that the Congress of the United
States is not limited to the English judicial or sta-
tutory acceptation of the term ; and so I finish the
first point which I took in the argument. The nest
pomt is more comprehensive, and makes a direct
issue with the proposition of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, (Mr. Webster.) His proposition is,
that we must confine our bankrupt legislation to
the u<ual objects, the usual subjects, and the usual
purposes of bankrupt laws in England; and that
currency (meaning paper mon-y, and shin-plasters
of course,) and banks, and banking, are not with-
in the scope of that legislation. I take issue, sir,
upon all these points, and am ready to go with the
Senator to England, and to contest them, one by
one, on the evidences of English history, of Eng-
lish statute law, and of English judicial decision.
I say English; for, although the Senator did not
mention England, yet he could mean nothing else,
in his reference to the usual objects, usual subjects,
and usual purposes of bankrupt laws. He could
mean nothing else. He must mean the English
examples, and the English practice, or nothing ;
and he is not a person to speak, and mean nothing.
Protesting against this voyage across the high
seas, I, nevertheless, will make it, ana will a^k
the Senator on what act, out of the scores which
Parliament has passed upon this suhject, or on
what period, out o! the five hundred years that she
has been legislating upon it, «ill he fix for his ex-
ample? or, whether he will choose to view the
whole together? and out of the vast chaotic and
heterogeneous mass, extract a general power
which Parliament possesses, and which he pro-
poses for our exemplar? For myself, I am agreed
to consider the question under the whole, or unripr
either of these aspects, and, relying on the good-
ness of the cause, expect a safe deliverance Irom
the contest, lake it in any way.
And first, as to the acis passed upon this subject;
£i-eat is their number, and most dissimilar their
provisions.    For the first two hundred years, these
acts applied to none but aliens, and a single class
!' aliens, and only lor a single act, that of Hying
the realm to avoid their creditors. Then they were
made to apply to all debtors, Whether natives or
foreigners, engaged in trade or not, and took effect
for three acts: 1st. Flying the realm; 2d. Keeping
the house to avoid creditors; 3d. taking sanctuary
in a church to avoid arrest. For upwards of
two hundred years—to be precise, for two hun-
dred and twenty-years—bankruptcy was only treat-
ed criminally, and directed against those who would
not face their creditors, or abide the laws of the
land; and the remedies against them were not civil,
but criminal; it was not a distribution of the effects,
but corporal pnnishment, to wit: imprisonment and
outlawry.* The statute of Elizabeth was the first
that'eonfined the law to merchants and traders, took
in the unfortunate as «éll as the criminal, extend-
ed the acts of bankruptcy to inability, as well as to
disinclination to pay, discriminated between inno-
cent and frardulent bankruptcy, and gave to credi-
tors the remedial right to a distribution of effect*.
This statute opened the door to judicial construc-
tion, and the judges went to work to define by de-
cisions, who were traders,and what actsconstituted
the fact, or showed an intent, to delay orto defraud
creditors. In making these decisions, the judges
reached high enough to get hold of royal com-
panies, and l«.w enough to gel hold of shoemakers;
the latter up m the ground that they bought the
leather out of which they made the shoes; and they
even had a most learned consultation todecide whe-
ther a man who was a landlord for dogs, and bought
dead horses for his four-legged boarders, and
then sold the skins and bones of the horse car-
cases he had bought, was not a trader within the
meaning of the act, and so subject to the statute of
bankrupts. These decisions of the judges set the
Parliament to work sgain to preclude judicial con-
structions by the precision, negatively and affirma-
tively, of legislative enactment. But, worse and
worse! Out of the frying pan into the fire. The
more legislation the more construction; the more
statutes Parliament made, the more numerous and
the more various the judicial decisions; until, be-
sides merchants and traders, near forty other de-
scriptions of persons were included, and the cata-
logue of bankruptcy acts, innocent" or fraudulent,
is swelled to a length which requires whole pages
to contain it. Among thosí> «-ho are now included
by statutory enactment in England, leaving out the
great classes comprehended under the names of
merchants and traders, are bankers, brokers, fac-
tors, and scriveners insurers against perils by sea
and land; warehousemen, wharfingers, packers,
builders, carpenters, shipwrights and victuallers:
keepers of inns, hotels, taverns and rof¡V"-houses;
dyer=>, printers, blea-hcrs, fullers, calendered, sel-
lers of cattle or sheep; commission merchants and
consignees; and the agents of all these classes.
These are the afiismative definitions cf the classes
liable to bankruptcy in En?land: then come the
negative: and among these arc farmers, graziers,
and common laborers for hire; the receivers gene-
lal of the king's taxes, and members or subscribers
to any incorporated companies established by char-
ter of act of Parliament. Ami among these ne-
gative and affirmative exclusions and inclusions,
th<=re aie manv classes which have repeatedly
changed position, and found themselves successive-
ly in and out of the bankrupt code. Now, in all this
mass of variant and contradictory legislation, what
part of it will (lie Senator from Massachusetts se-
lect for his model? The improved and approved
parts, to be sure! But here a barrier presents itself
•—an impassable wall interposes—a velo power in-
tervenes, . For it so happens that the improvements
in the British bankrupt code, those parts of it which
are considered best, and most worthy of ourimita-
" Preamble U >he act ofAith nf ITewiv vm.
'' Wheie.is divers and sundry persoo  craftily obtained into
their hands <;rcat substance of other men's goods, do snddeply
tle<> (n parts unknown, or keep their houses, not minding to pay
or restore loanv ofiheii creditors, their actus and duties, but
M their, own wills and own pleasures consume die substance
obtained uy credit of other men, for their own pleasures and
it"licaloli\*irq , agt>in>t all reason, eu.ul1;. ai<J £Otxt conscience."
tion, are of modern origin—the creations of the
last fifty years—actually made since the date of
our Constitution; and, therefore, not within
the pale of its purview and meaning. Yes, sir,
made since the establishment of our Constitu-
tion, and, therefore, not to be included within
its contemplation, unless this doctrine of searching
into British statutes for the meaning of our Consti-
tution, is to make us search forwards to the end of
the British empire, as well as search backwards to
its beginning. Fact is, that the actual bankrupt
code of Great Britain—the one that preserves all
that is valuable, that consolidates all that is pre-
served, and improves all that is improvable, is an
act of most recent data—of the' reign of George
the Fourth, and not yet a dojien years old. Here,
then, in going back to England for a model, we
are cut off from her improvements in the bank-
rupt code, and confined to take it as it stood under
the reign of the Plantagenets, the Smarts, and the
earlier reigns of the Brunswick sovereigns. This
should be a consideration, and sufficiently weighty
t) turn the scale in favor of looking to our own
Constitution alone for the exient and circumscrip-
tion of our powers.
But let us continue this discussion upon princi-
ples of British example and British legislation.
We must go to England for one of two things;
either for a case in point, to be found in some
statute, or a general authority, to be extracted from
a general practice. Take it either way, or both
ways, and I am ready and able to vindicate, upon
British precedents, our perfect right to enact a
bankrupt law, limited in its application to banks
and bankers. And first, for a case in point, that is
to say, an English statute of bankruptcy, limited
to these lords of the purse-strings: we.have it at
once, in the first act ever passed on the subject—
the act of the 30th year of the reign of Edward
the Third, against the Lombard Jews. Every body
knows that these Jews were bankers, usually formed
into companies, who. issuing from Venice, Milan,
and other parts of Italy, spread over the south and
west of Europe, during the middle ages, and esta-
blished themselves in every country and city in
which the dawn of reviving civilization, and the
germ of returning industry, gave employment to
monev, and laid "the foundation of credit. They
came* to London as early as the thirteenth cen-
tury, and gave their name to a street which
still retains it, as well as it still retains the particu-
lar occupation, and the peculiar reputation, which
the. Lombard Jews established for it. The first
law against bankrupts ever passed in England,
was against the banking company composed of
these Jews, and confined exclusively to them. It
remained in force two hundred years, without an
alteration whatever, and was nothing but the appli-
cation oí the law of their own country to these bank-
ers in the country of their sojournment—the Italian
lav,-, founded upon the civil law, and called in
Italy banco rollo, broken bank. It is in direct
relerence to these Jew?, and this application of the
exotic, bankrupt ¡aw to them, that Sir Edward
Coke, in his Institutes, takes occasion to say that
both the name and the wickedness of bankruptcy
were of foreign origin, and had been brought into
England from foreign pans. It was enacted under
the reigu of one of the most glorious of the English
princes—a reign as much distinguished for the
beneficence t.f its civil administration as for the
splendor of its militan' achievements. This act of
itself is a full answer'to the whole objection taken
by the Senator from Massachusetts. It shows
tliat, even in England, a bankrupt law has been
confined to a single class of persons, and that class
a banking company. And here I would be willing
to close my speech upon a compromise—a compro-
mise founded in- reason and reciprocity, and in-
vested with the equitable mantle of a mutual con-
cession. It is this: if we must follow English
precedents, let us follow them chronologically and
orderly. Let us begin at the beginning, and take
them is they rise.    Give me a bankrupt law for
