*>■>" "•.....'.............-.....- ■ "     '   '—
bankruptcy. They were not, indeed chartered banks,
for there are none such in England, except the Bank
of England; but they were legalized establishments,
existing under the first joint stock bank act of 1708,
a d they were banks of issue. Yet they w*re subjected
to the bankrupt laws, ninety-two of them in a sin-
gle season of bank catalepsy; their broken "pro-
mises to pay" were taken out of eirculalion; their
doors closed; their directors and officers turned
out; their whole effects, real and personal, their
money,'debts, books, papers, and every thing, put
into the hands of assignees; and to these assignees,
the holders of their notes forwarded their demands,
and were paid, every one in equal proportion—as
the debts of the bank were collected, and its effects
converted into money; and this without expense or
trouble to any one one of them. Ninety-two
banks in England shared this fate in a single sea-
son of bank mortality; five hundred more could be
enumerated in other seasons, many of them supe-
rior in real capital, credit, and circulation to our
famous chartered banks, most of which are banks
of moonshine, built upon each others paper, and
the whole ready to fly sky-high the moment any
one of the concern becomes sufficiently inflated to
burst. The immediate effect of this application of
the bankrupt laws to banks in England, is twofolfl;
first, to save the general currency from depreciation,
by stopping the issue and circulation of irredeema-
ble notes; secondly, to do equal justice to all credi-
tors, high and low, rich and poor, present and ab-
sent, the widow and the orphan as well as the cun-
ning and the powetful, by distributing their effects
in proportionate amounts to all who hold demands.
This is the operation of bankrupt laws upon banks
in England, and all over the British empire; and it
happens to be the precise cheek upon the issue of
broken bank paper, and the precise remedy for the
injured holders of their dishonored paper, which
the President recommends. Here is his recom-
mendation: listen to it:-
"In the mean tinae, it is our duty to provide all th-'i-^-Tit"1 es j
against a depreciated paper cuirency which theCunetitu'ion
enables us to afford. The Tr>msury Department, o.i severa!
former occasions, has suggested the propriety and mpor-.i. .ce
of a uniform law concerning bankruptcies «f corpo-a i-t.s and
other bankers. Through the m?-rumenia':iy of such a Jaw. a
salutary check may doubtless be imposed on the issues of paner
money, and an effectual remedy c: v i to the citizen, in a v >y
at once equal in all parts of tht> llni.m, and fully authorized by
the Constitution."
The Senator from Massachusetts says he would
not, intentionally, do injust-ce 'o the Message or its
author; and doubtless he is nr.: conscious of vio-
lating that benevolent determination; but here is
injustice, both to the Messig^ and to its author; in-
justice in not quoting the Me-spge a? ¡t is and
showing that is. proposes a remedy to the citizen, 38
well as a check upon insolvent issues; injustice to
the authur in denying that the object of bankrupt
laws has any relation to currency, when history
shows that these laws are the actual instrument for
regulating and purifying the whole local paper cur-
rency of the entire British empiiv, and saving that
country from the frauds, losses, impositions, and
demoralization of an irredeemable paper money.
The Senator from Massachusetts says the object
of bankrupt laws has no relation to currency. If
he means hard money currency, I agree with him;
but if he means bank notes, as I am sure he does,
then I point him to the British bankrupt code,
which applies to every bank of issue in the British
empire, except the Bank of England itself, and the
few others, four or five in number, which are in-
corporated by charter acts. All the joint stock
banks, all the piivate banks, all the bankers of
England, Scotland, Wales, and Ireland, are sub-
ject to the law of bankruptcy. Many oí these es-
tablishments are of great capital and credit; si-me
having hundreds, or even tho^ands of partners;
and many of them having ten, or twenty, or thirty,
and some even forty branches. They are almost
the exclusive furnishers of the local and common
bank note currency; the Bank of England notes
being chiefly used in the great cities for large mer-
cantile and Government payments. These joint
stock banks, private companies, and individua!
bankers are, practically, in the British empire what
the local banks are in the United States. They
perform the same functions, and differ in name
only; not in substance, nor in conduct.   They
CONGRESSIONAL &LOB1.
181
have the privilege of stamping paper money; the
privilege of taking interest upon double, treble, and
quadruple their actual money/ They put up and
put down the price of property, labor, and produce
as they please. They have the monopoly of mak-
ing the actual currency." They are strong enough
to suppress the constitutional money, and to force
their own paper upon the community, and then to
redeem it or not as they please. And is it to be
tolerated, that, in addition to all these privileges,
and all these powers, they are to be exempted from
the laws of bankruptcy? the only law of which they
are afraid, and the < nly one which can protect the
country against thejr insolvent issues, and give a
fair chance for payment to the numerous holders of
their violated "promises to pat/.'"
I have discussed, Mr. President, the right of
Congress to apply a bankrupt law to banking cor-
porations; I have discussed it on the words of our
own Constitution, on the practica of England, and
on the general authority of Parliament, and on
each, and every ground, as I fully believe, vindi-
cated our right to pass the law. The right is clear;
the expediency is manifest and glaring. Of all the
objects upon the earth, banks of circulation are
the fittest subjects of bankrupt laws. They act is
* secret, and they exact a general credit. Nobody
knows their means, yet every body must trust
them. They send their " promises to pay" far and
near. They push them into pvery body's hands;
they make them small to go into small hands—in-
to the hands of the laborer, the widow, the helpless,
the ignorant. Suddenly the bank stops payment;
all these helpless holders of their notes are without
pay, and without remedy. A few on the spot get
a little; those at a distance get nothing. For each
to sue, is a vexatious and a losing business.
The only adequate remedy—the only one that pro-
mises any justice to the body of the community,
and the helpless holders of small notes, is the
bankrupt remedv of assignees to distribute the
effects. This makes the real effects available.
When a bank stops, it has little or no specie, but
it has, or ought to have, a good mass of solvent
debts. At present, all these debts are unavailable
to the community—they go to a few large and fa-
vored creditors; and those who are most in need
get nothing. But a stronger view remains to be
taken of these debts: the mass of them are due
from the owners and managers of the banks—from
the presidente, directors, cashiers, stockholders,
attornevs; and these people do not make themselves
pay. They do not sue themselves, nor protest
themselves. They *n.* and protest others, and sell
out their property, and put their bodies m jail; but,
as for themselves v. ho are the main debtors, it is
anrther affair! They take their time, and usually
wait till the notes are heavily depreciated, anil then
square off, with a few cents in the dollar! a com-
mission of bankruptcy is the remedy for this eril;
assignees of the effects of the bank, are the persons
to make these owners, and managers, and chief
debtors to the institutions, pay 'up. Under the
bankrupt law, every holder of a note, no matter
how small in amount, nor how distant the holder
may reside, on forwarding the note to the assignees,
will receive his rateable proportion of the bank's ef-
fects.withou: expense ,and without trouble tohimself.
It is a most pc.ent, a most proper, and most con-
stitutional remedv against delinquent banks. It is
an utable and a brave remedy. It does honor
to the President who recommended it, and is worthy
of the successor of Jackson.
Senators upon this floor have ventured the ex-
pression of an opinion that there can be no resump-
tion of specie pavinenis in this country until a na-
tional bank shall" be established, meaning, ail the
while, until the p.esent miscalled Bank of the
United States shall be «chartered. Such an opi-
nion is humiliating- to this Government, and a
recroach upon the memory of its founders. It is
tantamount to a declaration that the Government,
framed by the hemes and sages of the Revolution,
is incapable of self preservation; that it is a mise-
rable image of imbecility, and must take refuge m
the embraces, of a moneyed corporation to enable
it to survive its infirmities. The. humiliation of
such a thought should expel it 1'iom the imagina-
tion of every patriotic mind.    Nothing but a dirs
have no charters, but they have a legalized exist-
ence; they are not corporations, but they are al-
lowed by law to act in a body; they furnish the
actual paper currency of the great body of the peo-
ple of the British empire, as much so as our local
banks furnish the mass of paper currency to the
people of the United States. They have had
twenty-four millions sterling, - one hundred and
twenty millions of dollars, in circulation at one
time; a sum nearly equal to the greatest issue ever
known in the United States, and more than equal
to the whole bank note circulation of the present
day. They are all subject to the law of bankrupt-
cy, and their twenty-four millions sterling ó' cur-
rency along with them; and five hundred of them
have been shut up and wound up under commis-
sions of bankruptcy in the last forty years; and
yet the Senator from Massachusetts informs us that
the object of bankrupt laws has no relation to
currency!
But it is not necessary to go all the way to
England to find bankrupt laws having relation to
currency. The act passed in our own country,
about forty years ago, applied to bankers; the
bill brought into the House of Representatives
about fifteen years ago by a gentleman then, and
now, a representative from the city of Philadelphia,
(Mr. Sergeant,) also applied to bankers; and the
bill brought into this Senate ten years ago by a Sena-
tor from South Carolina, not now a member of
this body (General Hayne) still applied to bankers.
These bankers, of whom there were many in the
United States, and of whom Girard in the East, and
Yeatman and Woods in the West, were the
most considerable—these bankers all issued paper
money ; tbey all issued currency. The act,
then, of 1?9S, if it had continued in force, or
die two bills just referred to, if they had become
law. would have operated upon these bankers
and their banks—would have stopped their
issue- , r.nd put thfre-.: .bhíhmc-msinto the hands of
assignees, an-! d.Miib>it?d their effects among their
creditors. Ti.i*, cerlaiii'y, would have been hav-
ing some relation to currency: so that, even with
our limited essays towards a bankrt.pt system, we
have scaled the outworks, of the banking empire;
we have laid hold of bankers, but not of banks; we
have reached the bank of Girard, but not the Gi-
rard bank; we have applied our law to the bank of
Yeatman and Woods, but not to the rabble of petty
corporations which have not the tithe of their capi-
tal and credit. We have gone as far as bankers,
but not p.*. far as tanks; and now give me a reason
for the differenc-. Gire me a reason why the act
of 1798. the b.U of Mr. Sergeant in 1S21, and the
bill of Gen. Hayne in 1827. should not include
banks as well as bankers. They both perform the
same function—that of i^uing paper currency.
They both involve the. same mischief when they
slop payment—that of afflicting the country with a
circulation of irredeemable and depreciated paper
money. They are both culpable in the same mode,
and in the same degree; for they are both violators
of their " promises to ¡ony." They both exact a
general credit from the community, and they both
abu^e that credit. They both have creditors and
they both have effects; and these creditors have as
much r.ght to a pro rata distribution of the effects
in one case as in the other. Why, then, a dis-
tinction in favor of the bank? !s it because cor-
porate bodies are superior to natural bodies? Le-
cause artificial beings are superior to natural
beings? or, rather, is it not because corporations
are assemblages of men, and assemblages are more
powerful than single men; and, therefore, these
corporations, in addition to all their vast privi-
leges, are also to have the privilege of being bank-
rupt, and afflicting the country with the evils of
bankruptcy, without themselves being subjected to
¡be laws of bankruptcy? Be this as it may—be the
cause what it will—the decree has gone forth for
the decision of ibe question—for the trial of the
issue—for the verdict and judgment upon the
claim of the banks. They have many privi-
leges and exemptions now, and they have the
benefit of all laws against the community. They
pay no taxes; the property of the stockholders is
not liable for their debts; they sue their debtor .sell
II their property, .,snd put their bodies m jad.    They
