....................I*" ■---------
¡EVENING SESSION ]
Mr. HUBBARD piesented the petition of an in-
dividual, praying that provision may be made foi
the widows and children of the non-commissioned
officers and privates who may die or be killed
whilst in service; which petition was oidered to lie
on the table
Mr RIVES moved that the Committee on Na-
val Affairs be discharged from the consideration of
the petition of Eli Ridgeway, and the memorial of
John C Long.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD,
Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT moved that the Committee on
Finance be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the report of the Secretary of the Tieasury
on the state of the finances, and the memoria' of
Littleton Denis Teakle, with that of the citizens of
Columbiana county; which motion was con-
curred m.
Mr WALL submitted the following resolution
Rtsolved, That the members of the Senate who
have not received a copy of the American State
Papers, printed by Gales and Seaton, be supplied
with the same.
Mr NORVELL moved to amend the resolution
by adding after the words " State Papers," "and
the Register of Debates."
Mr. WRIGHT said, while he had no objection
to the original resolution, (the papers m question
not being under the control of the publishers,) he
would feel himself bound to object if the amend-
ment way urged on the consideration of the Senate
Mr. LYNN thought the resolution ought to pass
He was clear thit all the members of the Senate
should be placed on the same equitable footing, and
saw no reasons why those who had received the-se
books should fare better in that respect than othei
Sinators.
Mr. RIVES agreed that there ought to be no dis-
crimination, but he thought, when the present
edition of these papers should have been exhausted,
it would be time to stop
Mr. WRIGHT said he had received many books
since his entrance into the Senate. They had been
sent to him always without his consent; and he ever
had been, and still was, opposed to the practice.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama osneurred entirely with
the views of the Senator from New York, (Mr.
Wright) in regard to the motion. He thought the
proceeding objectionable in the extreme, and ought
not to be encouraged, and he hoped the Senate
would persevere in rejecting it. He had, it was
true, also received books, but without his vote, for
he had never given his consent for an appropria-
tion of the kind. As the State Papers were not
within the control of the publishers, he would not
oppose the resolution as crigiually introduced, but
if the Registei of Debates were added, which were
wnhtn the control of the publishers, he would most
unquestionably protest against it.
The amendments being withdrawn, the original
resolution was, by unanimous consent, read three
several times and parsed.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, it was resolved
that the Senate take a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
[HALP-rAST sETEN O'CLOCK.]
A message was receivsd from the President, an-
nouncing the signature of the bill for the relief of
Mrs. D. P. Madison.
On motion of Mr. NORVELL, the Senate next
went into Executive business, and after a few mo-
ments spent therein, the doo>-s were re-opened.
A message was received from the House of Re-
presentatives, announcing the passage of the joint
resolution to suspend the joint rules 10 and 17,
with an amendment; [these rules íelate to the
passing of bills and the signature of the President
witbm the three last dayb of the session—the
amendment of the House of Representatives w as
to exclude bill No. G, in relation to the sub-Trea-
sury system,] which was concurred in by the Se-
nate.
A messag  was received from the Hoase of
Representatives, announcing the passage of a bill
making appropriations for the year 1837. The
bill kavfng been read a Arst and second time, waa,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on motion of Mr WRIGHT, referred to the Com-
mit tee on Finance, and after about halt an hour,
Mr. WRIGHT reported the bill to the Senate
with three several amendments. Mr. W. briefly
explained to the Senate the nature of the amend-
ments, which was to grant the sum of £20,000 for
the printing of Senate documents which were al-
ready in cour«e of publication, and #2,000 increase
of clerk hire for the office of the Solicitor oí the
Treasury, the duties of which had been greatly
increased within a short period of time, the other
was to authorize the Secretary of the Trcasurv to
receive the unpaid drafts in favor of the State Go-
vernment issued by the Treasury under the depo-
site law.
The several amendments were passed, and the
bill, as amended, sent to the House of Representa-
tives. The bill, as amended, was afterwards ic-
ccived from the House of Representatives, -which
body had concurred m the first and third amend-
ments, and dissented from the second.
Mr. WRIGHT moved that the Senate concui
m the amendments of the House, he would not
pie s the other amendment at this time, which was
agreed to, and the bill passed
A message was received from the House of Re-
presentatives, announcing the passage of a bill
making appropriations for the suppression of In-
dian hostilities m Florida.
On the fir^t leading of the bill,
Mr WRIGHT pledged himself thit it was a
literal copy of the bill introduced by the Senate,
and hoped, therefore, it would be read a second
and third time, by unanimous consent, and pissed.
Mr WEBSTER thought the proceeding very
extraordinary, and, he « ould say, unparliamentary
A fortnight ago the Senate passed a bill to *he
«me effect, and sen' it to the House. Nothing is
heard of that bill, and now, at a late hour of ¡he
msht, and that the las  of the session, -we ha"ve a
bill sent for approval. It was to his mind, to say
the least, a verv extraordinary business, and one
which ought not to meet the sanction of the
Senate. Suppose the other bill were passed by the
House, did not gentlemen see what such irregularity
might subject them to'
Mr. CLAY of Alabama was glad to hear the
remark of the gentleman, he understood we had
been tak°n to task in the House for usurping there
prerogative in originating these bills, that relating
to the time of fixing the adjournment, was, made
the subject of particulai remark At this time, and
on this snbj >ct, he was not dispoied, however, to
be ceremonious. He wished the bill passed at
once; Florida had been bleeding at every pore for
the last two years, we received news of her distress
through every channel of information; and he,
tbeiefore, hoped the bill would be permitted to pa°s
He thought the objections should have been urged
before.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he was not disposed at
this time of night, and with the present thm state
of the Senate, to stand upon its dignity, if he did,
m his opinion, the business would be poorly at-
tended to
Mr NORVELL read the joint resolution in
which the 16th and 17th rules of the Senate had
been dispensed with, for which the Senator from
Massachusetts had voted, and now how could he
oppose the bdl on the ground of the objection urged
by him.
Mi. WEBSTER saw no analogy, no connec-
tion, real or imaginarv, between the cases cited by
the Senator last up. The gentleman fiom Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. Buchanan) said he was not disposed to
stand upon the dignity of the Senate, but it was
not a matter of dignity at all, but of regularity of
business, and he was suie gentlemen, when ihey
came to look into the matter, would agree with him
that it would be better to go back to the ancient
usage, and let the different Houses keep each odier
informed of their business. Mr W. admitted that
the bill before them was important, verj important,
and should not be delayed. Gentlemen might see,
from the cond.t'on of things, how dangeious the
piesent practice would be, if peimitted to pie\ail
He, as an individual, might be the means of stop-
ping a bill indispensable to the rateres's of the Go-
vernment.
139
If, said Mr W we give up regulating, where
shall we get tol He would not object now to the
proceeding, hut he gave notice, it he were present
at the next session, under the same circumstances,
he would feel it his duty to oppose all such pro-
ceedings.
Some further discussion took plaee, m which
Messrs. BUCHANAN, WHITE, CLAY, of
Alabama, and LINN took part, acknowledging the
general justice of the remark of the Senator, but
urging with much zeal the passage of the bill.
The bill was then read a second and third time,
by unanimous consent, and finallj passed
The bill for adjusting the remaining claims of
the Government on the late deposite banks was re-
ceived fiom the House, with two amendments, ex-
tending the time of the first payment to the 1st day
of July next, and the second to the 1st day of Ja-
ntiary, 1839, and the third to the 1st day of July,
1839
Mr WRIGHT said that the time granted was
more than was contemplated by the committee, or,
he believed, bv the Senate; but under the circum-
stances, he moved that the amendment be con-
curred in
Mr SMITH of Indiana said he did not rise at
that late hour of the night, and period of 'he ses-
sion, to make a speech He begged, however, to
detain the Senate for a single moment, while he
read a letter which he had received from the ca-
shier of the State Bank of Indiana, subsequent U,
his (Mr S's) addressing the Senate on this subject.
It would be perceived (said Mr S ) that the letter
refeis to the time allowed the bank-  by the bill as ori-
ginally reported from the Committee on Finance
in the Senile The bill was amended, it was true,
but still the tim* allowed was not, in his opinion,
sufficient to erable the banks to close this matter,
without producing too much distiess among thepeo-
p'e.
He very sincerely hoped that these amendments
of the House giving longer time, would be conenr-
led in by the Senate. He agreed fully with the
writer of the letter, (who he know to be well ac-
quainted with the concerns of the banks,) that what-
ever might be the policy of the Government, so far
as the banks were concerned, that the question wa 
o le of relief to the people. The corporations will
not suffer, but the people would, and must if the
banks were pressed. Mr. S. said he wished to be
distinctly understood, he áA not stand there as the
advooa'c of any bank, not e\ en of those of his own
State, Anther than wou'd benefit the people; and
the moment he became sati fled that their interests
required the suspension of the corporate power of
these institutions, he would say unhesitatingly, "let
them expire'" He was satisfied, however, that a
course of policy requiring at this time the banks to
oppress their debtors, w ould be productive of the
most disastrous consequences to the people of his
State
Mr S here read a letter fiom the cashier of the
State bank of Indiana, inclosing the letter ol in-
struction from Mr Woodbury to the bank.
The letter of the cashier states that if they lose
the fourth instilment, and have to comply witl„the
terms of settlement reqaired "by the b 1\ the de-
struction of the people would be me. i'able. This
letter was dated the 23d Septmbcr, lb37.
Mi. S. said 1 e would make on'} one fimhtr re-
mark, that whatever just.fication the Senator from
Missouri (Mi. Benton) might find fir his lemarks
against the banks, he (Mi S ) fi.lt satisfied that the
banks of Indiana v.eie peifectly and entirely sol-
vent, and that they, at least, should have been ex-
empted from the indiscriminate denunciations of
that gentleman.
The people of Ind' ana had the fullest confidence
in their moneyed institutions, and he had no doubt
but they would finally redeem every dollar of their
paper. Time, however, was necessary to enable
the debtors to the banks to pay up The n. íef
and fine were for the benefit of the peo, k, and
not exclusively for the banks, as vom  S nators
seemed deposed to think.
Mr BUCHANAN did not know that h" would
support the amendments of the Hou«-e The banks
had the money of the Go^ernm-Ft, and were to be
ready, at all times when called on, to rc'urn it.
