For supplies to be furnished by th«
Oidnance Department -                     25,000 00
Foi med'cal supplies        -       -       -      10,000,00
#1,588,848 29
With a view tov an economical prosecution of the
important work now m progress on the Red river—
the removal of the raft—it is respectfully suggested
that the sum of |2j,000 be appropriated at the pre-
sent time This amount, it is confidently believ ed,
¡Í applied now, will enable the department to com-
plete that object, wherer-s, if the works be suspended
for want of funds, until the usual period of making
the annual dppiopuations, much precious time
will be lost, and great additional expense incurred.
Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,
J. R  POINSETT
Hon. Silas "Wright, Jr.
Chairman Committee of finance, Senate.
The bill was then laid aside, to be rejorted to the
House.
NEW YORK FIRH.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that the Commit-
tee lake up the bill to remit the duties on certain
goods destro) ed by fire m the city of New York.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio wished to inquire
of the gentleman if he thought to pass that bill the
present session'
Mr CAMBRELENG replied th t he hoped so,
and made an earnest appeal to the Committee to
give its appiobation to the measure
The bill was then taken up, and having been
read by the Clerk,
Mr UNDERWOOD, to test the sense of the
Committee, proposed that it be laid aside, and that
the Committee lefuse at present to ?ct upon it
Mr. CAMBRELENG hoped that motion would
not prevail.
Mr. HOFFMAN also joined in that wish, and
the motion wasdis-xriced to, ayes 66, noes 67
Mr CAMBRELF"NG concurred with the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, that they had not time o
discuss this bill then, but he did not consider it
necessary, after the -very long debate upon it last
year, which had been spread before the nat on, and
he therefore trusted the committee would act upon
it at once, and report it to the House.
Mr THOMPSON, of South Carolina, strongly
opposed the bill, and expressed his determination to
defeat it, and moved that it be laid aside
Mr PHILLIPS «aid a few words in its support
Mr OWENS moved that the committee rise,
and  report   the  Scmmo'e   war  bill, which  was
agreed to, and that bill having been engrossed,
was read the third lime and passed.
DEPOSITE BANKS.
On motion of Mr JOHNSON of Louisiana, the
bill from the Senate, " for adjusting the remaining
claims upon the latedtpostte banks" was taken up
Mr. J proposed to amend the bill by sinking
out the clause granting the deposite banks, four,
six, and nine monlhs, and by inserting the follow-
ing "The first instalment to be paid on the fust
day of Jul} next, ihe second on the first day of
January, 1839, and the remaining instalment on
the first day of July, 1839 " He explained the
important services rendered to the Government by
the two depos te ba*>ks m the city of New Orleans,
and the strong claims they had tor indulgence, and
he exhibited a statement showing the millions which
had been transfeired, by oidor of the Secretary of
the Treasury, trom other points 10 the said banks
m New Orleans, and paid there He remarked,
that those banks wtuld probabl} sustain immense
lossesov remittances nexchangetnpo.rtsde ignpted
by the Secretary of me Treabvu y, m coiis<quenceof
the proiest of the giei'er portion of then Had
the bids so p nehased nn I rem tted been paid,
nearly toe v *1 de deb* due to th" Government
would hai e been exiinguished Thej fl ere dia" n,
he said, on houses believe 1 to be perfectly good ?t
the time, and wouldhave been punctually pud, but
for the recent pressure, which bad created such a
convulsion in the commercial affairsof thecountiy
Notwithstanding those losses, however, the banks,
he said, are now prepared, and always have been,
to pay the whole amount due by them, in such
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
funds as they received in deposite. Mr. J. contend-
ed, that, independently of the claims of the deposite
banks upon the Government for indulgence, it was
due to the people that it should be granted That
by pressing the banks, a pressure would be created
upon the people. He was decidedly opposed to
the amendment presented by his colleague, (Mr
Garland) as well as to the one offered by the gen
tleman fiom New York Tbe\ wete both calcu-
lated, if adopted, to operate injuriously
Mr POPE and Mr. ADAMS severally opposed
the bill, when the amendment was agreed to—yeas
77, noes Si
Mr CAMBRELENG said, to put an end to this
mat*er, he moved-the pievious question
Mr UNDERWOOD mqmied, before he could
vote for it, if the banks were required to pay inte-
rest'
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied in the affirmative
Th  pievious question was then seconded, and
the mam question having been ordered, the amend-
ment \\ as concurred m, and the question being on
the final passage of the bill,
Mr WILLIAMS of North Carolina said he
was totally opposed to this bill m eveiy shape and
form, and, therefore, he asked tor the yeas a"d
nays, but they v ere refused
Mr BELL opposed the bill, and demanded some
explanations, as to its details, of the chairman of
the Committee of Waj s and Means, which were
given He then suggested, as the best mode of
disposing of the subject at so late a period in the
session, to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to suspend all legal proceedings against the hanks
refeired to in the bill, until the next session of
Congress' He considered the bill to be loosely
drawn, containing no provision for the case of
those banks against which suits had been actually
instituted
Auei a few words from Mi MARTIN of Ala-
bama, the qmstiMi was 'Jen on the pass'ge rf
the bdl, as amended, pnd dec dfd in the '(Bra   i  (
GENERAI   APl'ROPRIMTOtv BILL—AMENDWrMS
THERETO
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
then resolved itself into a Committee of the Whoie
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Brigos m the chaii,)
and took up the amendments pioposed thereto by
the Senate    Tnere weie ihree.
The first makes appiopnation of $ 25,000 for the
printing and binding of certain documents ordeied
by the Senate.
The second provides for an addit o «al appropria-
te! of ^2,000, for exira clerk hire m the office of
tin Solicitor of the Trca^uiv, «nder laws pasted at
ihe present si siop of Congicss
Ine thud bill authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle all outstanding Tieasury drafts
or (ransfeis on the deposite banks, under the depo-
site act of 1836, such drafts or transfers to be íe-
cevved at par m the pa} ment of debts, without al-
lowrnce of i iter=st or damages t'-e-con
Mi GARLAND of Louis 11 a made objectio i to
the second propo e 1 amen line it, and, by consent,
me oihcr two amendments weie fnsj 'ak.cn up, and
concur) ed m by the committee.
The second c*neiidment bei g then exclusively
under consideration, after some lemarks from
Messro JOHNSON of Louisiana, and THOMP-
SON of South Carolina, the proposiaon was re-
jected—ayes 67, noes 6°
||§On motion the eommi tee then rose, and repoitcd
the amendments to the House And the ques'ion
being on the eoncuir^nec of the House with the
Senate m 'he proposed amendments, ('he (ges-
tión he ng taken on 'n m seveialh,}
Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio, demanded s0n^ ,
explanpt on as to the secord amendment calling '
for an additional appiopnation of £20,000 fo ce - '
tain printing and binding                                           J
The Cllrk read several resi lntions of the Se- 'j
nate authoiw ng the printing of certain docamerts Ij
r latmz to the cssion ot the District ol Cohimoia l|
to the United States, and other subject?, an 1,            j
Aft i some remaiks ft\rn Messrs CARTES,
MENIFEE, CUSHING, and DUNC \N, the
amendment was concurred in
Mr GUSHING then asked for some informa-
tion miegard to the ¡fttid pioposed amendment and
14S
..............- "    " '■■'......."■■""■'' "^.......«¡i
whether the provisions it contains were intended
to reach, or apply to, any particular case'
Mr. CAMBRELENG made a brief repft'.
The first and third amendments of the Senate
were agreed to, the House non-concurring witji the
second.
THE NEW YORK FIRE BILL.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that the House go
into Comrmt'ee of the Whole on the bill to relieve
the owners of g'ods destroyed at the great fire in
New York uom the payment of duties thereon.
Mr. RENCIIER moved that the House adjourn:
lost.
The motion to go into committee was also lost—
ayes 6b, noes 70.
HOUR OF MEETING ON MONDAY.
Mr WHITTLESEY oi Oh o asked the consent
of the House- to offer a motion, that vs hen the House
adjourn, it be to meet on Monday, at 7 o'clock,
a m     (Cries of No1 no1 from all sides )
Mi WHITTLESEY named 8 o'clock, a. m.
(Cries of No' repeated.)
Mr OWENS named 9 o'clock, a. m. (Same
cues )
Mi WHITTLESEY demanded the suspension
of the rule, to enable him to make the motion-
this motion, requiring a vote of two-thirds, pre-
vented—ajes 119, noes not counted, and the mo-
tion to meet at 8 o'clock on Monday mo) ning was
carried
Anothei unsuccessful motion was then made to
adjourn
Several enrolled bills \\ere presented, and signed
by the Speaker
Mr DUNCAN, on leave, had the record of his
vote on the motion to lay the motion to uconsidtr
the vote on the Sub-Tieasnry bi'l this day, changed
fiom the íiíhrmat've to the negative
THE PEPO-SlTi: B\NK ADU'STWENT J'II L, \S
AVINi)! 1)
The Senate, having tonounea in the amendment
moiv sed ' y ihí- House to tr s i>i'l, pioposed a fur-
tlie- smendinsut, et 'clarín^ 11 it fie default refeired
to m the bill shall be undcis'ood to be a failure of
any of the deposite banks to pay the drafts of the
Treasure, and that such bank be charged six per
c ntum per annum interest on such drafts for the
time of default.
Mess's McKVY, POPE, and GRAVES, made
a few remaiks unon the pioposed ameadment, and
Mr LOOMIS, of Ohio, moved to lav the whole
bileon 'he (able, which motion was lost.
Mr GRAVES thought the amendment partial,
and oppressive in its provisions, and was making
«¡one remarks si tnat effect wnen heobseived that
he should suspend them until tne Chair had finish-
ed his conversation with anothsi member
The SPEAZCER said it was usual for the Chair
fo answer such questions, m regard to the pending
b isiress, as any member choose to come to the
Speaker ¡> table to piopound, that he w«s doing this
then, and could not be expected to look intently on
e\erv gentleman who addresses the House
Mi GRAVES thought the Chair could not at-
tend to individual members oi the House and to the
business of the Chair at one and the same time
The SPHAKER called the gentleman to order;
and
Mr GRAVES procced-d w ith his remarks. He
wished the amendment pionnsed to be so modified
as to be umfoim in ns application to all the depo-
sit banks
Mr LOOMIS of New Yoik, renewed the
conise the debate had original1}' taken upon the
proposed amendments, and upon the difieren!, pro-
positions, as made by himself and other", and the
acü m of the Ifnu e upon fie «im  He thought
t   bi 1 h->d brttu no* pasS in the form pioposed
bx the Sen. te, b< t should ra her for the present,
be postponed, rod brought forward heieafter in a
m ue 'ii""sted jorm Mi L closed his lemarks
bi i roí noli pest mm the An trier consideration of
f!    bi 1 t Mil the first Monday ¡i. December nc\f
Mr POPL ot Kentucky, said he had coñete eé
that there were two object? for fit convention of
Confre-.'at (his scwon ¡he Í2"=t was, to lelieve
t e me.cant 'edis'tess of the countn and the se-
cond, lo elevise such means as would lelieve the
banks, and enable th°m to resume «pFCic payments
immediately.    He was in favor M such action
