Sept. 1837.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th CoNG....lst Sess.
Report of the Secretary of Ihe Treasury.
Sen. & H. of Rep*.
on a par with specie. In the present deranged
state of bank paper and exchanges, and in the fa-
vorable condition of the General Government, by
its ample resources and exemption from pecuniary
liabilities, to impart the greatest confidence in re-
spect to the redemption of such notes, it is probable
that they would readily be taken at par by most of
the public creditors. -Especially would this be
likely to happen, provided they were issued in de-
nominations as low as twenty, fifty, and one hun-
dred dollars; and not in too large quantities, but
used only in anticipation of the accruing revenue
on occasional emergencies, and to a limited amount.
Contrary to expectation, should the department,
during the present delinquency of many of the
public debtors, be exposed to such very large call,
and collect so little revenue, as not to be able, by
both the above notes and drafts, to meet all its en-
gagements in a satisfactory manner, it would be
desirable that the President should possess a con-
tingent authority to cause Treasury notes to be
issued, bearing an interest not to exceed six per
cent.
Specie could always be raised on these ior the
public creditor, when he preferred it. But as notes
bearing much interest would soon cease to be used
in circulation, (and if they should not, would, as a
currency, be troublesome in the computation of
interest, and too strongly tend to exclude specie
from the country,) it might be advisable not to
make them receivable, at first, for any public dues,
but only to resort to that measure afterwards, when
it should be found convenient for redeeming them.
In connection with the issue of any Treasury
notes, it is believed to be wise to make ample pro
vision for their early and final redemption. This
could be accomplished by enacting, that when the
money on hand in the Treasury and the Mint,
available for public purposes, may exceed a given
amount of four or live millions, it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury to cause these
notes (securing priority to any en interest) to be
redeemed to such an extent as the surplus may ex-
ceed that sum, and what will probably be needed
to defray current expenses. It being believed that
a reduction of the tariff, and suitable regulations
concerning the sales of public land, ought at a
proper time to be put in force, so as to prevent any
large and regular accumulation in the Treasury,
the department would respectfully propose that, in
case of any unexpected excess beyond the sums
above specified, it should merely be invested, in a
temporary manner, in safe State stocks, at their
market rate, subject to be sold again whenever the
proceeds shall be wanted to discharge existing ap-
propriations.
An additional consideration in favor of these
measures is, that since the payment of the public
debt, which absorbed any occasional surplus of re-
ceipts, it is impossible, according to the views ex-
pressed in some previous reports from the under-
signed, that, with sources of revenue so fluctuating
as ours, and so dependent on commercial pros[ en-
ty, any fiscal operations should be long continued
with ease, vigor, and uniformity, without some
such regulator as a power to issue and redeem
Treasury notes, or to invest and sell the investment
of surpluses. By any other course we shall con-
stantly be exposed to great deficiencies, or excesses,
with "all their attendant embarrassments. If de-
positing the excesses with the States, subject to be
recalled to supply deficiencies, the pecuniary profit
to the whole Union will be no greater, while such
a course may involve us in a series of vexatious
demands on them, accompanied by various dan-
gers, both to them and the General Government;
and, in the mean time, it is feared will, in many
instances, lend to excite excesses and evils similar
to some of those under which the country is now
suffering.
V.   ON   THE   SAFE-KEEPING   OF   THE   PUBLIC MONET
HEREAFTER.
The arrangements for keeping the public money,
which had been in successful operation for a few
years previous to the passage of the deposite act
of 1836, became partially embarrassed by carrying
into effect some of its provisions. But the enforce-
ment of them all, where not entirely perfected,
was in seasonable progress in May last, when the
Department was compelled by the act to give
notice to such of the selected banks as had sus-
pended specie payments that they could no longer
be considered as general depositories of the public
moneys.
A list is annexed of all before employed in that
capacity, which have been discontinued.
After due inquiries to procure other depositories,
in conformity to the act, the Department has com-
pleted the appointment of only one. This, and
four more that have not suspended, with one that
has resumed specie payments, (making six in ail,)
constitute the present bank depositories for general
purposes.
During the inability to ob'ain specie-paying,
banks at other points, the Treasurer, being required
by the closing part of the 8th section of the act,
to keep and disburse the public money according
13 the laws before in force, ha s done i t in conformity
to the very wide discretion which existed when no
rules were in force, that had been prescribed by
Congress, except to "keep" and "disburse the
same" under the general superintendence of the
Secretary of (he Treasury. A part of it has, ¡here-
fore, been kept in special deposite in this city, a
portion of it in the mint, and the residue with the
officers collecting it, until it was wanted for pub
lie purposes, or until it accumulated in such sums
at any point as not to be, probably, wanted there
foi such use. In the first case, it has, from time to
time, been applied to the payment of creditors, by
drafts en the receivers or collectors; and in the
last, the excess has been directed to be temporarily
placed with banks not remotely situated, and in
special deposite for safety, until wanted for expen-
diture elsewhere, or until some new legislation shall
take place in relation to it.
Under these circumstances, the department
would respectfully suggest some provisions which
may be more specific, and may be required for the
safe-keeping and disbursing of the public moneys.
In the present condition of the Government and
the country, two systems are proposed, either of
which, it is believed, may be practicable and ade-
quate to the exigencies of the crisis. One is, an en-
largement and adaptation of the system partially
employed since the suspension of specie payments,
so as to make it answer all necessary purposes.
This could be effected merely by assigning to our
existing officers and establishments some additional
duties
The Treasurer, at the seat of Government; the
Mint, with its branch at New Oileans, and another
which has been contemplated, and is much needed,
at New York,,for other purposes; collectors of the
customs, and receivers of money for the sales of
land, as well as postmasters, might all be directed
to keep in safety, not only the public money col-
lected by them, but all actually placed in iheir pos-
session, by transfer or otherwise. As fiscal agents,
¡hey might also be required to pay over and trans-
fer it for such public purposes as may be authorized
by Congress, and under such regulations as the
Treasury Department from time to time may pre-
scribe. Indeed, the third section of the post office
law of 1825, with the bond taken under it as to the
agency of the postmasters, is, perhaps, already
sufficiently broad for that class of officers. At
points like New York, and a few others, where a
likelihood existed that the sums would permanently
be large, but which, under a reduced revenue and
expenditure, would seldom occur, authority might
be given to appoint the clerks now acting as cash-
iers'or tellers under the collectors and receivers, or
other more suitable persons, to act as keepers and
pay masters of the public money. But they should
be made independent of the collectors and receiv-
ers, and placed under the like tenure of office, and
under suitable bonds. Additional means of safety,
and such additional but limited compensation to any
of the above officers, might be provided, as the in-
creased risk and labor might render just; but in
only a few cases would these last be much aug-
mented at any place.
Taking the year 1834 a« furnishing a specimen
sufficiently large of the probable business in future
connected with the general operations of the Trea-
sury Department, but, of course, not including the
separate estabii^tnjeiM of the post office, th« whole
number of warrants issued in that year was a little
under five thousand, and, though differm ■ much in
actual amount, averaging about $5,000 e,tch. This
would be less than twenty warrants a .day, and
hence would require less than one per day to be
paid in each of the twenty-six States. They differed,
in fact, fiom four per day in this District, and two
per day in New York, which were the Highest num-
bers, to only one per week in several of the States.
The business at eacli office daily, or even weekly,
in making payments of the drafts, would, therefore,
be very little If more than one draft issued on a
warrant, the business would be increased in that
proportion, unless the'whole payments were reduced,
as is probable, hereafter, to sixteen or seventeen
millions yearly.
In regard to the risk, five millions in the Trea-
sury at any one time, if all placed in the hands of
collectors and receivers, would not, on ah average,
exceed |30,000 with each of the present n timber.
But if the amount, besides one million in the
Mint, was chiefly in the hands of half the present
number, which would approach nearer to the
probable result, the stim with each would still be
less than most of the existing bonds of receivers;
and when exceeding theirs, or those of the princi-
pal collectors, the excess, in most cases, could be
readily prevented, or reduced, by being drawn out
to pay creditors, or be conveniently transferred to
the Treasurer of the United States, at the seat of
Government, or to the Mint and its branches.
Until one of the latter is authorized at New York,
the substitute before mentioned, of one of the pre-
sent officers in the customs there as an independent
keeper and paymaster of the public money, could
be adopted, and, if deemed prudent, be extended to
any other similar place.
In this mode, the present number of officers con-
nected with the collection and disbursement of the
revenue throughout Jhe United States need not be
at all increased. Nor will it become necessary, ex-
cept in a'few cases, to augment their compensation.
Twenty or thirty thousand dollars a year would
probably cover the whole additional expense of
every kind.
The other system to which the attention and
consideration of Congress are respectfully invited,
is a new organization, by means of commissioners
or receivers general, to gather the collections to more
central points, and keep and disburse there a large
portion of the public money, or such as could not
be kept safely and expended conveniently in the
hands of the collecting officers. Such an organiza- '
lion might be at only three or four of the most im-
portant points; or it might be made more extensive,
and the number enlarged to eight^or ten. This
could be arranged, in all essential particulars, sub-
stantially in ihe manner which is now in very suc-
cessful practice in some of the most enlightened
and opulent Governments of Europe, and as was
urgently recommended by this department as early
as 1790. The only material difference need be, to
pay out more of the money near the places where
it is collected, rather than first to transmit most of it
to the seat of Government. This organization of
fiscal agents would be advantageous as a separate
establishment for this business aione, and as an in-
dependent check on most of those collecting the
revenue. But it would require seme addition to
the present number of officers, and in the first
instance would more increase the public expenses.
Bat the whole addition of principal officers need
not exceed ten. Nor would the increased annual
expense to the Government probably amount to
over fifty or sixty thousand dollars, as the system
would enable both the War and Navy Departments
to dispense with several of their agents for making
local disbursements The danger of any losses
will be nearly the same under both plans. It is
impossible to conduct the affairs of Government,
or the ordinary transactions of society, without
trust and risk of some kind. But one great object,
wherever pecuniary confidence is reposed, should
always be to require the best safeguards which ap-
pear reasonable; and in either of these systems, as
hereafter explained, the amount trusted can be
more easily kept from becoming excessive, and tha
hazard of losses, affecting the deposite agent by hh
¡ending oi trading b? fully obyjftted, by th« strj<$
