APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 1837-
-a..- ■■
2Stls C,ot*G.«.lst Ssis.
Report of the ¡Secretary of the Treasury.
Sen. & H. of Reps.
considered that the delay hitherto has not prevented
the export of specie. On the contrary, considera-
ble sums, which were in ordinary circulation, have,
since the suspension, been withdrawn, and a por-
tion of them sent abroad, while their place is badly
supplied with depreciated paper. So happily ad-
justed, however, are the laws of trade, even in
their influence on the precious metals, that while
our custom-house books show an export since the
15th of May last, chtefiy to England and France,
of $3,708,320 of specie, they show during the same
time imports, chiefly from other quarters, of
§3,140,020. Though the actual imports and ex-
ports have both doubtless exceeded those amounts
since that period, and the ratio of difference has
been somewhat greater, yet the total drain has been
much less than many have imagined, and produced
less effect on the general ability of the country and
the banks to have specie payments resumed and
successfully sustained. Congress having power to
pass a bankrupt law, it would be worthy of consi-
deration, if the power be ever exercised, whether
all banks, and in any event, as recommended by
Mr. Dallas and Mr. Crawford, all employed by the
Treasury, should not be subjected to its provisions,
and, on any important and deliberate failure in
their pecuniary duties, be compelled at once to
close their concerns.
In respect to the banks in the District of Co-
lumbia, as well as others connected with the Gene-
■ ral Government, it seems desirable that the mea-
sures adopted in relation to them, by Congress,
should have a strong tendency to encourage the
earliest resumption of specie payments which is
practicable and safe. For this purpose, little doubt
can exist, that while those measures will b  the
most salutary which shall evince a due liberality
and forbearance to the extent really required by the
crisis, they should, beyond that, be rigorous in ex-
' acting the adoption of such steps as are sanctioned
by the sound principles of currency and the public
faith. They will then help, at an early day, to re-
lieve the community, as well as the Treasury, from
a condition of the circulating medium, which, so
far as it consists of bank paper irredeemable in
. specie, is one of the worst scourges which can be
inflicted, on society. It is no less hostile to the best
maxims of political economy, than usually subver-
sive of every just sense ot both moral and legal
obligation.
I'll.  ON   THK MONEY RECEIVABLE   FOR  PCELTC DUES
The kind of money or currency receivable for
public dues, is another ambairassrnem, concerning
which legislation has been deemed proper by
many. A change in the existing practice has been
requested by oihers, without legislation. But,
since the suspension of specie payments by the
banks, no change, which would sanction the re-
ceipt of bank paper not redeemable in specie, has
been thought either prudewl or permissible by this
Department. Nor will such an one be adopted
without the express direction of Congress.
Believing that specie is the best standard, and
the only one contemplated by the Constitution, for
tho public revenue and expenditures, as well as
for the valus of contracts and property, every de-
parture from it for those purposes is deemed by the
undersigned pernicious, if not unconstitutional.
The question as to the expediency of using any
other medium for a currency, is of a different cha-
racter, and more complicated. But the ruinous
consequences of a resort to continental money, bills
of credit, or any species of paper not redeemable
in specie, and ivhich had been developed in our
own experience, as well as in the soundest theories
of political economy, wen undoubtedly a principal
cause for those rigid provisions in the Constitution
connected with the currenc}'. They restrict any
State from issuing mere "bills of credit," from mak-
ing any thing a tender "except gold and silver," or
passing any law "impairing the obligation of con-
tracts," «s well as confine to Congress alone the
power "to coin money" and "regulate the value
thereof." The exercise of this last power, mani-
testly relating only to metallic money, appears to
require merely the coinage of a sufficient supply at
the mint, and in convenient denominations for all
net essary purposes, and of such an intrinsic value,
as, whtla pr«ve«ti g; it fro  .beihg depreciated oa
the one hand, should, on the other, not be so un-
derrated as to cause it to be too readily exported,
or melted down for use in manufactures.
The whole amount necessary for public pay-
ments has been much misapprelieiided.    Without
a surplus in the Treasury, it would seldom exceed
eight or ten millions of dollars, even if no evidences
of debt, or any kind of paper money, were receiva-
ble.    Like a running stream, the coin which flows
in as constantly flows out, without much accumu-
lation; one dollar helping  to perform, m a single
year, the service of payment and repayment nu-
merous times.    Indeed, the people of the whole
United States do not, in a sound stale of business
and prices, need over one hundred and ten millions
of an active circulating medium for all their cur-
rency.    This would be a larger proportion of cur-
rency to our present population than the average
has been from the adoption of the Constitution;
and, if an exclusive metallic currency could be
deemed desirable, would require only about thirty
millions more than the specie which is supposed
now to exist in  the country.    But the present
quantity of fpecie being divided pretty equally be-
tween the banks and individuals, not half of it is
in active circulation; and, unless it becomes in-
creased, and much more equally diffused, some
paper is, of course, necessary to prevent a sudden
revulsion in prices and values, and to supply a
sufficient circulating medium for   the legitimate
purposes of the Slates and the people.   Some pa-
per will, probably, always be found convenient for
commercial operations.    It  would, therefore, be
invidieus, if not unauthorized, for the General
Government to deprive the States of any supposed
advanlage in the use of it, so far and so long as
they may deem proper, or otherwise to interfere
with their course, in relation to it, except to enforce
the present constitutional prohibition against is-
suing any bills of credit, or making any thing a
tender except  gold  and silver.    Care, however,
must be employed, incidentally, to aveit, as far as
possible, any evil influences which might otherwise
be exercised over our own fiscal operations by the
different local policies pursued on a subject of so
much delicacy, hazard, and difficulty.
The power which Congress may possess to legis-
late, with a view of furnishing a paper currency of
any kind for the ordinary uses of the community,
or of regulating, in any way, domestic exchanges,
is not entirely clear, nor well defined. Whatever
may be its just extent, it seems seldom, if ever,
necessary to be used, while the States retain such
a wide and undisputed authority over banking; and
while the local institutions, as well as private
bankers, here no less than abroad, arc generally so
competent to effect exchanges. Such a power is
not expressly conferred in the Constitution, nor
does it seem to be implied, unless, in the execution
of some plain grants, it may become proper to
be exerted on any emergency, and without using
means otherwise forbidden, unwarrantable, or
inexpedient.
in regard to exchanges, it is believed that sel-
dom, if ever, has any Government, however un-
limited jts"aulhonty, considered it wise to prescribe
special regulations for effecting them. Such a
Government might well feel empowered " to regu-
late commerce with foreign nations," or between
its own Siates, if it had any; but to regulate
exchanges between individuals, would, in most
cases, be justly deemed arbitrary. On the contrary,
the sound principles of trade seem to require as
little interference as possible with fixing the price
of commodities, or the mode and medium through
which they shall be interchanged. Those princi-
ple  would only yield adequate protection or secu-
rity, furnish facilities appropriate and authorized,
and establish a good standard of value, indeed,
the balances of indebtedness between different
sections of the country, if left to work out their
natural consequences on Hie rate of exchanges,
will usually, as they are now doing, correct ex-
cesses in business in any quarter, and be self-
regulators, far superior to any officious and minute
legislation. The rato merely for exchanges can
seldom exceed the expense of transporting specie
between any two places; and, If surpassing that,
the excess must arise from what Government has
little power to cure—that is, from the difficulty iu
obtaining money where indebtedness is- great, inte-
rest high, and credit impaired.
In regard to the currency which is most suitable
for public purposes, whatever may be the authority
of the General Government to  make or adopt a
paper one, in full or in part, it is difficult to perceive
why, after having established specie as a standard,
having forbidden any thing else to be made a ten-
der, and having 'succeeded in encouraging the in-
troduction of a supply of it into the country, very
ample for all fiscal purposes, it should expressly
dispense  with its employment as the most usual
medium for those purposes.     The fundamental
acts of Congress as to the payments for duties and
lands have not made any  exceptions in its use, or
provided any substitutes, except the " evidences of
the public debt."   Any exceptions allowed ought
certainly never to permit any  thing, except specie,
to be paid out as a nghl ful tender by the United
States; and this principle has been always strictly
observed.    But by constructions adopted early in
this department, and, subsequently, by the charters
to the two United States Banks, as well as by an
apparent sanction in the joint resolution of 1816,
different substitutes of notes  issued by those and
State banks, have, at different tunes and under dif-
ferent modifications, been permitted to be received in
payment.   These, however, have been allowed only
when regarded as a clear equivalent to specie, by
being readily convertible into it,  and by being
recommended   by   some    superior   convenience
or  utility,   as  well   as   by  great  security.   As
specie    likewise    combines    safety,   uniformity,
general   use,   sound   theory,   and   almost  uni-
versal experience in favor of its   common em-
ployment, the framers of the Constitution doubt-
less believed, as  has been  the  uniform practice
since, that all substitutes of paper, as they have
less intrinsic value, though they often, by smaller
weight or bulk, possess some qualities of greater
convenience for certain uses, should never be per-
mitted to be forced  on either  the Government or
the community without their express consent.    As
they depend also on credit for their worth, it must
be bad policy to countenance them for either public
or private use, where their credit does not rest on
undoubted security, or to  encourage such small
denominations of  them as   would   be employed
by those classes in society whose business is of a
kind   which   cannot be essentially promoted by
the substitutes;   whose  profit is little or nothing
derived   from   them; and   whose   losses, .where
depreciations occur, cannot be borne without dis-
tress
Another general objection to every substitute not
resting on an equal amount of specie in pledge to
redeem it, which was the original idea of a bank
of issue, is, that it tends to dispense with the neces-
sity of specie, in connection with the currency, and
thus, by converting more of it into an article of
trade, expel it from the country; while-a circulating
medium is introduced instead of it, which is usually
less safe, and often tempts to ruinous expansions
in issues as well as business, so as to cause great
fluctuations in prices, unsettle the value of pro-
perty and contracts, and sometimes strip from
honest industry, in a moment, the hard earnings of
years.
Besides these, a special difficulty, in the use of
any other substitute for public purposes, is the pro-
crastination, disappointment, and embanassment
which, in case of its depreciation, are sometimes
occasioned by it to great national measures, as well
as the discredit thus cast upon the wisdom of the
Government, for regulating its fiscal affairs in sueh
a manner as to be unable to discharge punctually
its engagements, and for the exhibition of an ex-
ample so mischievous to both individuals and na-
tions. Another difficulty in this country is the
want of equal value, at different places, in any
other, when compared with the standard of specie,
and the virtual violation which its receipt for du-
ties may thus cause of the spirit of that part of
the Constitution requiring all imports to be "uni-
form." ' Nor can these two last difficulties be al-
ways entirely overcome by the use of such paper,
or any other, though redeemed in specie, and on
demand, if it be taken at a distance from the place
