8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRKSSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 1837.
25th Cong....1st Sess.
Postponement of fourth instalment—Mr. Rives—Wright.
Senate.
ceed in a single year the enormous quantity of five
hundred and forty millions of pounds. The fall
of price was such, as on that quantity would
make a difference in its value of near forty
millions of dollars. The occurrence of this fall,
however, was at such a period of (he year as not
-much to affect over'half the last crop; but the vio-
lence of the shock, though thus lessened, still occa-
sioned a loss to an appalling amount. The fall was
chiefly consequent upon the over-production, and
the abrupt withdrawal of foreign credit, combined
with some other circumstances which need not now
l)e particularized The over-production originated
jpartly, like most other excesses here, from an ex-
traordinary extension of credits and of bank issues,
and partly from keeping open the sales of public
lands to all persons, and at the former low prices,
after other articles, including cotton and lands, had
suddenly risen much in iheir nominal value. Un-
der this tempting state of things, those sales were
' exorbitantly enlarged, till they amounted to over
twenty millions of acres in a year, when not more
than three or four millions were probably necessa-
ry; and not so much had before been requisite, an-
nually, to meet the natural demands for new pub-
lic lando for raising cotton, and for all other kinds
of agricultural employment. But this excess in
sales, so unexpected and ruinous, can, it is believed,
be averted hereafter, whenever they are likely to
go'beyond a desirable amount, by passing laws
which shall confine them !o actual settlers, or in-
crease the price to others. The same measures,
with other remedies hereafter suggested for some
other existing evils, will help to correct future ex-
cesses in the production of the great domestic sta-
ple of the Union.
Another of the causes of the present embarrass-
ments was the unprecedented quantity of foreign
goods imported. By stimulants to overtrading,
such as very extended and often renewed credits
abroad, as well as at home, so treacherous in ap-
pearances of prosperity, those importations were
dangerously swollen to the amount of almost two
hundred millions of dollars a year, and thus con-
stituted an excess over our exports of about sixty
millions, and involved the country in a foreign
debt, merely commercial, whose balance against
us, after all proper deductions for freights, profits,
and Mtni'ar considerations, probably cxeeeded the
fig?! espite of thirty millions of dollars.
That excess, so little anticipated and so indis-
creet, the system of ctedit formerly in use, and
better regulated, would have seasonably prevented,
by requiring an early adjustment of balances, and,
thus turning the foreign exchanges agaiast us,
would have stopped many extravagances both in
trade and bank issues.
But, stimulated and unrestrained, as before de-
scribed, it increased the duties some millions be-
yond what a prudent though prosperous state of
trade was likely to produce, and, combined with
some other causes, has overwhelmed the mercan-
tile interest with many of those disasters under
which it has suffered so severely the past season.
From many of these, no just legislation can now
afford much relief. Nor could any legislation here-
tofore have prevented severe revulsions from this
source, except by imposing checks on inordinate
credit and banking, as well as on sudden and large
expansions and contractions in bank issues, and by
that further reduction of the tariff, which has been
sj strenuously urged for two years past to be adopt-
ed, whsnever otir fiscal condition evinced that the
whole of the accruing duties were not needed for
public purposes. Because the great surplus, forced
into the Treasury by the excesses in the sales of
and, and m duties on imports, not behag seasona-
bly withdrawn, either by equivalent appropriations,
or further reductions in the current receipts through
new laws or by investments, has undoubtly con-
tributed, through the loan of it while in deposite, to
sustain, in some degree, if not produce, thespiril of
overtrading. That surplus was oftendeprecated;
and the only sound legal preventives still appear to
this department to be, the measures before enume-
rated for preventing its accumulation. And after
it had undesignedly happened, the wissst disposal
of it was supposed to be, to expend it, as fast as
useful, on proper objects of 3 public character;
and, in the mean time, not to leave it in the depo-
site banks, but to invest it in State stocks, as a
provident fund, to remain both safely and profitably
till wanted to aid in meeting current expenditures
or extraordinary contingencies.
The undersigned regrets that he was not so for-
tunate in'sustaining his opinions concerning the
transient and fluctuating character of the excesses
in our revenue, as to have received the concurrence
of Congress in relation to those cautionary provi-
sions formerly recommended by him for meeting
the revulsions, deficiencies, and contingencies
which he supposed incident to them, as well as to
our financial system generally. He is, at the same
time, aware that the deposite act, so far as it placed
a part of the public money with the States for safe
keeping, and the Treasury circular issued by the
direction of the Executive, as to the kind of money
receivable for public lands, were intended, among
other things, to obviate a portion of the evils con-
nected with those excesses Nor does he enter-
tain any doubt that they both contributed, at first,
to awaken caution among the more considerate, and
to excite strong suspicions, if not convictions, in
prudent minds, as to the great extravagancies of cre-
dit 'into which the community had rashly plunged.
But after those measures had accomplished these
and similar benefits with a portion of the commu-
nity, though others still felt justified in anticipating
a continuance of surpluses and distributions,
the subsequent influence of either the act or the cir-
cular, in checking the threatened mischiefs, is be-
lieved, in most eases, to have been overrated.
The operations of the deposite, act, in supplying
defficiencies of revenue, by a recall from the States,
however well intended, will probably prove very
deficient. In some other respects they have, by
first requiring to be speedily collected and sub-
divided among more numerous banks from ten to
fifteen millions of dollars, and then compelling,
within the short period of nine months from the 1st
of January last, another collection and transfer of
nearly forty millions more, and much of it from
the merchants, and to places not situated in the
usual channels of trade or of large fiscal operations,
unquestionably aggravated many of the distresses
which had their principal origin in other causes.
Those operations necpssarily aided to produce the
derangement that occurred in the domestic ex-
changes, and imposed a task on the banks, unpre-
cedented for its amount and difficulty. By con-
verting suddenly into demands for specie very
large sums, most of which were before mere credits,
they also hastened, if nst increased, the loss of con-
fidence in banks that has since so widely impaired
their character and usefulness.
Another, and the last general cause of the pre-
sent embarrassments which will be noticed, as
having much connection with our financial affairs,
has been an unnecessary and injudicious increase
of bank capital, discounts, and issues. Asimilar
increase, however this may have been influenced
by the large temporary deposites of public money
made with banks and States, and by the causes be-
fore alluded to, has happened in some foreign
countries, as well as here, during the same period,
from other great commeicial and monetary im-
pulses, that are permanently connected with all
'paper systems not founded entirely upon specie.
These impulses have operated in some measure in-
dependently of several transient and local causes
whose effects have, by many, been much exagge-
rated. It is probable that they never can be pro-
perly controlled under such a system of expansive
credit, while the individual directors of much of
thatcredit have so little separate legislative restraint
placed over their conduct, and have private inte-
rests at stake, which, in the pursuit of immediate
and large profits, must usually possess a strength
so superior to that of any sense of general duty* to
consult the public security.
The amount ef circulation, which existed in the
early part of the last year, had increased thirty
millions or forty millions of dollars in only three
years. It continued to expand for some months af-
terwards, and in the last annual report was con-
sidered likely to prove ruinous to steady prices; to
surround with danger every species of sound trade;
and not to be susceptible of that reduction to proper
dimensions, which was necessary, and soon inevita-
ble, without probably producing some of the wide-
spread sufferings which have since happened. The
constitutional power of the General Government,
to check such evils, except as before indicated, and
except incidentally, through the kind of money it
can and should permit to be employed in its
revenues and expenditures, is apprehended to be
limited. Through the latter, it may usefully dis-
courage, as of late years has been attempted by
Congress as well as the Executive, the dangerous
issues of small bills, and, iudeed, paper emissions
of any kind, which are not " paid on demand in
gold or silver coin at the place where issued, and
shall not be equivalent to specie at the place where
offered, and convertible into gold or silver upon the
spot, at the will of the holder, and without delay or
loss to him." Por the like purpose, it may like-
wise continue inflexibly to countenance for smaller
payments, and in the business of society not parti-
cularly commercial, a metallic currency; which is
not liable like bank paper to sudden fluctuations
and great losses. A further wise step would doubt-
less be, to refrain to make, by its own acts, any ad-
dition to the amount of bank capital, already too
great; and to rely on bank paper as little as practi-
cable, when authorized in the improvident manner
which has often prevailed, and exhibited so much
feebleness and insecurity, as well as produced so
many inconveniences and losses.
It appears to the undersigned that, all beyond
this, which can be beneficially accomplished, in
connection with the last clause of the present em-
barrassments, and without an alteration in the Con-
stitution conferring on the General Government id-
rect authority over every kind of banking, must be
effected through the State Legislatures, and the
commercial habits of the community. Much im-
provement can, doubtless, be introduced, if the
Legislatures will impose those additional regula-
tions, restraints, and securities, which have been
before enumerated. Much more will also follow,
and substantial relief be afforded to the people at
targe, if, in addition to the other measures recom-
mended, individuals will exercise the wisdom to
place a greater reliance on real capital, active in-
dustry, frugality, and well-grounded credit, than on
that inflated system which of late has cotempo-
raneously prevailed to such a ruinous extent, both
in this and some other countries—a system, which
has been encouraged by some persons, undsr the
delusive idea that there was no overtrading of any
kind, till a revulsion has occurred almost without a
parallel, and has given to commerce and credit a
blow, whose destructive effects it may require years
fully to repair.
All which is respectfully submitted.
LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of Ike Treasury.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
In Señale, Thursday, September 14, 1837—On the bill
to postpone the payment of the Fourth Instalment
of the Deposites with the States—
Mr. RIVES said he understood that this day tha
Committee on Finance expected to make a full
report on the subjects which had been referred to
them; but there was one subject most interesting to
the country, on which they had not reported at all;
they had reported no bill to designate the kinds of
funds in which the public dues are to be received.
As he had understood it to be the general sense of
the Senate that no action should be had on any
measure till all should be reported, he would now
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WRIGHT said the Committee on Finance
had taken up, as it conceived, every subject recom-
mended in the Message and report of the Secretary
of the Trea^ry; and, after full and patient exa-
mination of the whole ground, and communing
with the Secretary of the Treasury, the committee
had reported all it considered necessary to report,
and had determined to let the law in relation to the
currency remain where it is.
Mr. RIVES said, that not having an opportunity
to know the views of the committee, he had taken
it for granted that they would report on evQry sub-
