48                                  APPENDIX TO THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                   Sept. 1837.
35th Cong.....1st Sess.                                 Making public officers depositories—Mr. Strange._____________________________Senate.
greatest. This" is, the mischief of sudden expan-
sions and contractions. To this mischief -no one
can be insensible, for all have in one way or other
felt its force. It has a tendency to make us ana-
tion of gamblers, by the constant stimulus to that
Spirit which finds a place in almost every bosom,
from the savage to the sage, and which it is
one of the great objects of a wholesome education
to subdue. But the frequent and sudden reverses
to which every man is exposed, of being rendered
a nabob to-day by an expansion,' and a beggar to-
morrow by a contraction, must in process of time
engender all that loose morality which characte-
rizes the professed worshippers at the shrine of for-
tune. Such is the effect upon holders of property;
• and upon the laboring man it is, if possible, still
inore baneful; for him there is no hour of prosper-
ity, but he suffers greatly, if not equally, both in
the ebb and flow of the tide. In a contraction,
money of course becomes scarce, and the laborer,
■who. e'only commodity is his labor, is compelled
to bring it daily into the market, and take whatever
price it may command; while the holders of
provisions,, less limited in point of time for
the conversion of their commodities into money,
hold them back, not willing to submit to the di-
minished prices, and in the meantime the laborer
wast starve, or buy at the price demanded. On the
other-hand, when an expansion takes place, and
money becomes plenty, labor is ths last thing to
find the level. The continual necessity which the
laborer is under to bring his commodity into the
market, prevents any competition in demand, and
it is not utttilj the general spring which is given to
"enterprise has opened for it new resources, that an
increased demand for labor makes an increase in
price. In the meantim; the laborer must purchase
those commodities upon which speculation is most
apt to seize—the necessaries of life. It is impossi-
ble for the Government to remain connected with
the banks without contributing to this mischief, for
when the supplies exceed much the necessities of
the Government, they must lie in the banks, whose
directors must resist the strongest, or, at least, most
general passion of the human heart—cupidity, if
•they suffer them to remain unused, and in using
them, an artificial expansion of the currfeney is, of
course, created. On the other hand, when the Gov-
ernment shall find it necessary to male heavy drafts
upo  the deposite banks, a great contraction is the
inevitable consequence. These are evils which the
"Government cannot preven!, but she should abstain,
as far as possible, from exciting them ; and this ¡.he
can do only by disconnection.
These evils, if they go on to increase, as they
must and will do, if the exciting causes are con-
tinued in action, and no exciting cause is equal to
the union of the banks with the Treasury, will, in
the end, bring upen this country a pecuniary catas-
trophe which it is frightful to anticipate; and so
strong, in that event, will be the revulsion of
public opinion against them, that their real capacity
for utility will be overlooked, and the whole of them
cast away anong the lumber of post ages. In this
view, no sincere and enlightened friend of those in-
stitutions should desire a continuance of the impru-
dent connection. But the separation will not bs
merely negative in its effects. It will create a de-
mand for specie in this countrv, and water does
not more certainly follow the ditch you excavate
below the level of a pond with which you connect
it, than specie finds its way wherever a particu'ar
demand is created. This specie will naturally flow
at first into the banks, and, widening their specie
basis, give them additional strength : their notes
will s'ill supply as much as ever the ordinary chan-
nels of trade, whilst their specie, having no tenden-
cy to emigration, will only be drawn out as the
Government demand-^shallacorue. But when thus
drawn by the Government into the Treasury, it
will not remain therein large quantities, but, being
required only for the payment of the Government
creditors, will thus, or the greater portion of it at
least, be thrown again into circulation by those
creditors, {who are seldom hoarders of ííionev,)
and gradually find its way back to the banks, to'be
again drawn out in redemption of their notes;
repeat the process of going to the Treasurv, to be
fúd out again to the Government creditor, and be
by him thrown into circulation, to return once more
to the banks. This rotation must have a healthful
operation upon the currency, and upon those who
supplyit; and, in addition to this, it will have a
tendency to prevent that great aggravator of other
evils—banking upon bank paper: for the demands
then made not being confined to bank upon bank,
cannot be met by the mere presentation of other
bank paper; but every bank being liable to be called
upon with a considerable portiotrof its notes for
specie, must keep itself prepared to meet them, and
must regulate its issues accordingly. Another ad
vantage to the banks, by no means inconsiderable
I think, resulting frorii disconnection, is, that their
own operations would, be greatly simplified and •
their perils diminished. No unlocked for treasure
would flow in upon them in deposite, demanding
some provision for its use, and thus disturbing the
even tenor of their course. No sudden demand for
what had been deposited would put them at their
wit's end for the means of returning it; but, pursu-
inag a regular system, notsubjpct to such unforeseen
fluctuations, they would accomplishlegitiúiate, just,
and praiseworthy objects—the realization of reason-
able profits, with safety to themselves, and con-
venience to the community.
To these advantages some objections are opposed;
and here I must be allowed to say, that from the
high-minded, honorable and talented Senator from
Virginia, an argument has proceeded, which I
am surprised to hear upon this floor, and
especially from him. I have seen it among the
newspaper slang of the day, to which I had thought
it adapted. The Senator from Virginia disclaims
it as an argwnenlum ad caplcmdum. I believe him
sincere. I am persuaded he did not so intend to
use it. But after all it can claim no higher rank.
It has a specious acceptability to the popular ear,
but embodies no element of sound argumen-
tation. It is, that, by the adoption or the sys-
tem'proposed by the committee, with the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, one currency would be provided for the Go-
vernment, and another for the people—the better
for the former—the inferior for the latter. I am
sickened and amazed at a practice recently but too
fashionable, and upon which my colleague has al-
ready so properly and forcibly remarked, of treating
the Government as something alien from the peo-
ple. "What is the Gsvernment, and who compose
it? Is not the Government a mere agency created
by the people, for certain specified purposes
—a lerfect nonentity beyond those purposes?
Is it a thing which cui have interests sepa-
rate from the mass of the people? Are not
the individuals in whose persons this ideal existence
is temporarily incorporated themselves portions of
the people? and are not the interests which they
have in their national existence, asa portion of the
people, infinitely beyond any separate one they can
possibly claim for the brief hour in which they
strmt and act their parts upon this elevated stage?
This is the people's Government; it exists but by
their will, and when they have done with it, or it
acts in opposition to that will, they can dissolve it as
by a breath. Resistance on its part would be as
vain as that of a school boy with a reed to a
Roman soldier in full armor. Government can
have no interests but those of the people; but the
people themselves have interests as a body poli'ie,
and they have interests as individuals; the former
mainly are committed to us, and the latter to the
respective States. But how, I pray you, upon
this imaginary division of interests, ' is there
propo ed by the measure a sounder currency
for one than for the other? Does the gen-
tleman admit that the paper money is inferior
in value to the gold and silver? if he does so, is
not the admission füo de se to his proposal—which is
defended, if I have understood him, upon the
ground that paper is not depreciated, and can be
saved from depreciation, and is therefore equal to
gold and silver? And, between equal things, how
can the terms better and worse, Inferior and superior,
be applied ? But I do not admit that they are equal;
and it is mainly upon the ground that they are not
equal, and—although men    may   so   imagine__
that they can never be really so, that I am opposed
to this scheme. Por the people, as individualsj Ihave
no right to legislate, andl therefore leave them in the
enjoyment of their birthright,to take what they please,
and call it money. But for this Government, Con-
gress has a right to legislate ; and I esteem it, for
one, apart of my duty, as a portion of that body,
to demand for the people, in their political charac-
ter, the currency which the Constitution acknow-
ledges; the currency which admits of least fluctua-
tion; the currency whieh the public creditor has a
right to demand, and that which can be collected
and disbursed with least injury to the public. But,
in pressing the argument, it is said the public cred-
itors, while thus nominally receiving their stipulated
dues, are in fact receiving more. Which, I pray
you, is the standard of value—gold and silver, or
paper ? If the latter, it is idle to argue ; and if
the former, I would further ask if it is not in
that you have promised to pay them? And if so,
is it a ground of complaint that you have fulfilled
your engagements ? If you paid the public credit-
or by force in paper, he might well complain that
you had paid him so much per centum less than
you had promised ; but it never could justly he
said, when you paid him in gold, that you had paid
him more. Bat a fancy picture has be*n drawn of
the officers of Government filling their coffers with
golden deposites, which they receive in compensa-
tion for their services. Is it not a picture merely
imaginary, contradicting all truth and experience ?
It is notorious that public men, both in England
and this country, (exclusive of the pension system,
which is there in extensive use,) who are dependent
upon their compensation, seldom know affluence;
on the contrary, that they live from hand to mouth.
Every dollar they receive is spent as soon as they
receive it, and, suchas it is, enters into the general
circulation, through their tailors, their shoemakers,
their I utchers, their bakers, &c; and, so far from
hoarding, they are lucky if they do not of necessi-
ty anticipate their means, and plunge themselves in
debt; and if the public does not bury them when
they die, it is because it will not, and leaves it to
private charity to perform that office.
But the timáis deemed unsuitable for any change
in the measures of the Government. It is said the
country is now in great agitation and distress, and
we ought to postpone any important change to a
season of more quiet and prosperity. Now, sir, it
strikes me that the very time for a change of
measures is when the country does not seem to be
happy under those which are in operation, and that
nothing could be more unwise than to make changes
when th" country was quiet and reasonably pros-
perous. What would be thought of the physician
who, being called to the bed-side of a sick man,
should say to him, " My friend, you are quite sick,
it is true, but I do not think this the time to give you
medicine. Were I to do so, it would irritate your
stomach, and throw your system into commotion,
and you would probably feel even worse than you
do now. For the present, therefore, I will leave
you to your chance, and you may possibly die ; but
should you be so fortunate as to get better, why
then I will physic you." Such seems to me to be
in substance the aigtiment against present action
upon the important alternatives before us.
The wisdom of the past, the practice of our own
and other nations, is cited against the plan of an in-
dependent Treasury. Our own nation, I believe,
stands alone in the intimate connection which exist.-)
between the banks and the Treasury; and I have
already shown, by the letter which I have read to
the Senate, how much our practice is at war with
the considerate opinion of one of the most enlight-
ened of our statesmen. In England, too, where the
connection is much less intimate than here, many of
her wise men do not hesitate to pronounce it, such
as it is, injurious both to the bank and the State.
In other nations, I believe the connection is un-
known.
The measure, finally, is spoken of as being con-
sidered a war between the Government and the
banks ; and this, it is said, is a false issue. I agree,
Mr. President, that it is a false issue—a very
false issue; so false that I, for one, would never be
a party to it. I would never consent to join the
Government in making war upon an^ class of citi-
zens, or any class of citizens in making war upon
the Government.   In advocating this measure, I
