$6                               APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                       Sept. 1837.
25th CoNG....lst Sess.         ^______Making public officers depositories—Mr. Hubbard.                                                 Senate.
riveted fer three hours to the able argument of the
learned gentleman from Massachusetts, upon the
constitutional power of Congress upon the subject
of currency an(l exchange, that 1 come forward
tinder peculiar disadvantages, but that is wholly a
personal affair, and to that I am free to submit. It
is not my purpose to reply to that part of the argu-
ment of the Sena'or touching the constitutional
powers of Congress 1 have risen for no such
.object; I shall leave that matter to abler minds.
The Senator from Massachusetts remarked, " he
loould taise no tuthless hand lo desltoy the local insti-
tutions of the cowniti/ " I subscribe most freely
and fully to the sentiment. I should be the
last man in this body who would wage war with
the moneyed institutions of the respective States.
The little property which I possess lb principally
invested in some of the banks in New England.
And 1 should commit a vio'ence upon my own feel-
ings and upon truth, did I fail to bear testimony to
the correctness and integrity which has usually
marked the conduct of those who have had the di-
rection of those institutions. They may have corn-
mated some errors, but, m the mam, the course and
conduct of the New England banks has been above
imputation. In their connections with the Govern-
ment, they have never failed to discharge their
duty, until they became involved in this universal
catastrophe, and since this desolation came upon
them, they have never refused to answer the
drafts oí the Government, and to pay them in
that currency approved and acceptable in their
own sections. Thus much is due to the banks, and
I would not, if I amid, undertake to interfere with
institutions created by State authority. If State
banks avo an e\ il not to be enduied, the remedial
power is with the States themselves, and beyond
the jurisdiction of Congress. To the care of the
States, I would com "nit these local institutions, and
as far as practicable to separate the paitonage and
the influence oí the General Government from any
connection with or participation in then- concerns.
It jsan ill-advised, embarrassing, and disadvantage-
ous connection to both parties—to the Government
and to the banks. The Senator from Massachu-
setts remarked that on the third of March last, the
Government completed the forty-eighth year of its
evidence, and for forty out of the forty-eight,
we had enjoyed a currpney approved by pub-
lic opinion; that Congiess had passed two acts
at different periods of its history, establishing a
Bank 9! the United States. tne first in 1791, which
expired by its own limitation in 1811, the other,
esubbshed in 1816, expired in 1836; and that both
Houses of Congress, m ]¿32, renewed the charter
of f!.c last bank, which bill was vetoed by the
s ies,<lent All this u, true; and it ts no less hue
t< at the action of Congress, and the action of the
Piesident, in íelation to this subject, were referred
to the American people , and their ven'ict has been
i" turned, and their judgment has been here so cK-
•m"Uy expressed, as to leave no 100m for doubt as
to the present state oí popular opinion with resoect
n the constitutionality or expediency of such an
lastiration.
The Senator íemarked, that the present position
of things presents this question That the adminis-
tration must re urn etthei to a United Sta'es Ban*,
or take some new giouud , that the total failure
ot the State b ink system pi^ented tlrs issue now
to be sr tied—"a national bank or a metallic cui-
rency "
[Mi-. Wlbsi-er here denied that he had refened
to th' establishment of a Uni'ed States Bank, or
hid piesentcd any such issue, as had been stated ]
I may not, Mr President, have used the precise
langupge 01 the Senator from Massachusetts, but
he certa nlj did say that the administration «ere
hound to return to an uniform and approved cur-
rency, or to a meta'bc currency, and as the Sena-
tor did not see fit to name, in terms, m what the
approved currency consisted, and as he had said
that for forty years of our national eXjStence we
had a currency uniform and ipproved, and during
all that period we had a Bank of the United States,
I thought myself justified m inferring that the ap-
proved currency to which the Senator refpn ed was the
«urreney established by a Baalc o( the United Slates.
But in < « posifie* th« Sraator and myself per-
fectly agree: that it will not answer under existing
circumstances lo constitute again State banks as
the depositories of the public funds In this matter
I am constrained, notwithstanding mv strong pre-
dilections in favor of the State banks, to go with
the Senator in opposing the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Virginia, (Mr. Rives.)
That system has been tried; it has been faithfully
tried, and it has failed,-wholly altogether failed, to
answer the purposes of the Government, and to
meet the just expectations of the community.
We have assembled, Mr. President, under cu-
cumstances of a most extraoidmary and appalling
character. We are here amidst a general subver-
sion of the business and currency of our country.
Confidence is destroyed; a general distrust per-
vades the community, commerce and manufac-
tures, the great sources of active and profitable ope-
rations, if not entirely prostrated, are crippled and
embarrassed to a degree most unexampled in the
history of our Republic. At a time of universal
peace, ivhen prosperity attended the efforts of our
citizens; when wealth seemed to be the portion of
e vet y individual—at a time most unexpected and most
sudden—pecumaiy distress pervades the land, and
a general dismay fills the hearts of our people.
The depositories of the public money, with all
the banking institutions of the country, have been
compelled, as. it were, in the twinkling of an eye,
to acknowledge themselves bankrupt, and to sus-
pend the payment of the just demands of their cie-
ditors.
These awful realities are calculated to bieak
down the courage, and to ovei whelm the efforts of
the patriot But if there ever was a time when
our countrv stood m need of aid, -when she called
most imperiously upon the intelligence and patri-
otism of her sons to come to her relief, this is that
time. We are called upon to lay aside those ani-
mosities and bickerings which paity feeling never
fails to engender, and with one heait and with one
mind, to exert our best energies 10 wipe away the
blot which effaces our national character, and to
devise, and perseveringly to prosecute, measures
which will bring relief to the Government and to
the people. This should be our aim and end—and
this I trust will be the great business of our session.
In view, then, Mr. President, of this whole subject,
I propose briefly to examine into the causes which
have produced the evils with which we have been
visited, and to see if an adequate, a sufficient,
a substantial remedy is not within our power. A
remedy which, although it may not bring instanta-
neous relief to the suffering community, yet will
afford a safe, sure and permanent relief to the Go-
vernment and to the people. A remedy which,
under existing circumstances, seems to te demanded
at our hands; and which, as faithful and patriotic
pubLc servants, in the exigency of our public af-
fairs, we can not, ne ought not, to withliold
Such is the unexampled and extraordinary em-
barrassment and distress that exists in our country,
that I have found great difficulty m tracing these
effects to avsufficient and adequate cause In my
judgment, however, it is the g ress abuse of the credit
system which 1ms b, ought upon us the existing evils
It cannot be oemed, that a little ameuor to this
gem ral prostration of business and of cunency,
" that our minulactuies and commerce had been
gieally extended, and had been rnainlj conducted
o 1 credit. ' Commerce had brought into out coin-
try in 1835, and in the spring of 1836, a most un-
exampled amount of the products of Emope. The
supply greatly exceeded the demand; and at this
moment, much of the importations of 1835 and
1836 are upon the hands of the importer,
yielding 10 him no piofit, but producing loss, em.
bairassment, sacrifice, and ruin. An immense
foreign debt of more than one hundred millions of
dollars had been contracted by the American mei-
chants Its final adjustment and discharge is a
tax upon the productive industry and labor ""of the
country. In addition to all this, a spirit of extra-
vagant speculation pervaded e  -ery class of our com-
munity. The histoiy of the times shows that there
has been a most unprecedented over-trading; that
the zeal and all the active energies of the adven-
turer have been put in requisition. The influence
of this fell spirit has been felt in alfiiost every village
I of our country, and by almost every class of out
community. Speculations have been made, not in
I the public lands only, but m railroads, m canals, ia<
lots, in every description of properly that the wit
of man could devise; and these speculations have
been conducted mainly on individual credit—a cre-
dit obtained at the local banks of the country. It
was, then, the extraordinary amount of credit at
home which pioduced such a redundancy of paper
circulation. It was the extraordinary amount of
credit abroad which so-operated m producing the
subversion of the business and currency of the
country. It was the increasing and enormous
amount of unappropnated funds in the Treasury
the great accumulation, from tune to time, of th&
public money in the deposite banks, which induced
speculation and ovei-trading.
On the fust of January, 1834, the balance in the-
Treasury was only eight millions and five hundred
and ninety-eight thousand dollars. The national
debt was soon extinguished—the compromise act
led 10 the belief that the tariff would remain un-
disturbed—local banks greatly multiplied—credit
was readily obtained, and the receipts from the
customs, and from the sale of the public lands
brought into the Treasury by the first day of Ja-
nuary, 1835, a balance beyond the public expendi-
tures of nearly twenty-seven millions of dollars-
and the operation of the same causes brought into,
the Treasury, beyond the expenditures, on the first
day of January. 1836, over forty-four millions of
dollars, and to this may be added, at least, twenty-
five millions for the excess of receipts over expen-
ditures from January 1, 1836, to the 23d of June,
1836, the date of the deposite act. These enor-
mous amounts, which filled the public Treasury,,
were the fruits of speculation in land and in mer-
chandise They had been earned on by the means
of individual credit obtained through local banks.
From the facts already stated, it follows that, at
the passage of the deposite act in June, 1836,
theie could not have been less than sixty million 
of dollars of public property actually held by the
then fiscal agents of the Government, and that
whole amount consisted in bank credits in institu-
tions created by, and responsible to, State autho-
rity, and beyond the reach and control of the legis-
lation of Congress. In addition to all the other
means oí these State banks, the balances m the
public depositories were actually put out on loan
on mdividufl ciedit. There can be no doubt efthe
fact; and hence the extraordinary amount of pappr
in circulation in the season of 1836, exceeding
one hundred and fifty millions of dollars, according:
to the best estimates of those acquainted with this
sub)ect.
Tne deposite banks, from the amount of public
mon y, wei  enabled greatly to extend their line
of discounts, and realising the fact that the public
funds in  deposite were, day following day, and
week following week,   constantly   increasing In
amount, (foi we find that between January, 1835
and January,   1836,   the   balance   had been  in-
creased more than fifty per cent.) those who had
the direction ot these selected banks felt a confi-
dence and  a  security m  extending their credits.
It was  done  to  their utmost limit.    The uncon-
trolled  and  uncontrollable spirit   of  speculation
abroad in the country furnished an ample demand,
and the banks readily granted a full supply.    The
country,   censejuently,  was   flooded  with paper.
The des re to make large profits had prompted and
go veined the pc'ion of the deposite banks, while
the other local institutions of the States were influ-
enced by the same considerations to extend their
business to the grpatest possible extent.    Such was
'he state  of credit, of business, and of the cur-
lency,  at the passage of the deposite act m June,
1836    It was not the provisions of that act which
induced the action of the banks    The cause of
present embarrassments,  of existing evils, may
well be tiaced to transactions occurring before lis
passage.     It was  the alarming  and dangerous
amount of paper circulation founded on individual
credit anterior to the deposite act of 1836, that has
led to the present pecuniary distress, io the zentral
subversion of the business and currency of the countrv.
There can be no reasonable doubt of the correct-
ness of this position.    The history of banking
