ÜSS8P
68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 1837.
25th CoNG....'1'St Sess.
Postponement of fourth instalment—Mr. Hamer.
H. of Reps.
influence- they wield, either political or pecuniary,
is against the administration. At the very moment
when-President Jackson was charged with wild-
ing the sword and the purse of the nation, (although
he could not use a dollar of public money, for any
purpose, till authorized to do so by a law of Con-
gress,)-the banks holding the public funds were,
■with a. few exceptions, entirely under the influence
df-hapolitical opponents.
The object of all banks is to make money. They
loaned to every man who could get an endorser.
The merchants and speculators extended their bu-
siness,' and thousands turned merchants and specu-
lators who had formerly been engaged in other
pursuits. Immense fortunes were realized by
many. The Government lands were purchased at
one dollar arid twenty-five cents an acre, and were
fi'ans&rred from hand to hand at five, ten, fifty,
a hundred, and sometimes a thousand dollars an
acre. The country was filled with foreign mer-
chandise. Every city, town, village, and hamlet
was crowded with stores, and we could not pass a
point where two roads crossed without seeing the
productions of European workshops and manufac-
M rits displayed in a " new store." Our large im-
porting merchants accumulated wealth with a ra-
pidity .almost unknown in commercial history, and I
if they did not become princes, they at least dwelt I
ia palkces, and rolled in luxury.
"' III the meantime, the public money in the vaults
of the-banks was loaned to individuals, to aid in
these large operations. It was returned and loan-
ed again ;- each successive payment for public
lands, or duties on goods, being entered to the
ciedit of the Government. The amounts paid in
far exceeded the wants of the Treasury, and thus a
surplus accumulated, which was really large, but
apparently much lanrer than it actually was. True,
the amount purported to be m the banks to the
credit of the department; bul if was not títere. And
We then heard a universal cry from the opposition
throughout the country, that this Government had
thirty or forty millions of the public money locked
up in the banks, and would not allow it to circulate;
and that was then said to be the cause why money
was seaiee, and the times hard! There was not one
word of truth in this complaint. Almost every
dollar of the publicTnoney was then in circulation.
The banks were using it for their own profit, and
for 'he accommodation of the public, holding them-
selves bound to pay it whenever called on by the
United Stales.
Under these circumstances the deposite law of
June, 1836, was passed. The objects of that law
were, to remove the surplus from the banks and
place it in deposite with the Stales, where it would
be safer than in the banks, and where the States
could have an opportunity of using it, until the
Federal Government should stand in need of it for
federal purpo.es. Safety for the fund itself, and a
transfer of profits from the banks to the States,
were the only avowed objects, at that time, in the
passage of the law. I dare say it was anticipated
by some, that the money would never be called
for—that it would, in effect, be a distribution; but
every man who was then here, knows that if it
had been put upon that ground, the lato never
could ha-oe been passed. A large majority of this
House would have voted it down, li was
then treated as a deposite law exclusively; and we
were told that the States were highminded and
patriotic; that whenever tie necessities of the
General Government required this money, it would
be promptly and cheerfully refunded. Now, sir,
we hear a different doctrine proclaimed. Now gen-
tlemen talk of a contract, of a vested right to this
money on the part of the States; of the pledge given
by this Government, which must be redeemed: and
a" willingness is openly avowed by some to borrow
money to deposite with the States! In what part of
the Federal Constitution is this power to be found?
NbHvr|ere., But if we had the power, ought we to
exercise" it? Shall we borrow money, create
a nations! debt, to be discharged by taxes, levied
directly 'or indirectly upon the people, to
enable \ne>'.'States to carry on works of m-
tM'n;ftM*rip(rb?ement;-to maintain schools; or to
open Iba  «m* ; «toa. lend outpublic funds to their
citizens'? "Sir, we understand all this.    It is the
doctrine against which we have been warring for
years. The old banner of " national republican-
ism" is again unfurled. It is the flag'of the Ame-
rican system. We have the doctrine of a high
protecting tariff, and internal improvements, again
presented in a new form. What cannot be done
direethj is to be done indirectly. The object of the
celebrated " land bill" is .to be accomplished in
this way. The money is to be divided .among the
States, and appropriated to schools, internal im-
provements, &c ; and, instead of being repaid by
the States, is to be replaced by new taxes upon the
people! The position assumed can not be misun-
derstood; and that being the issue, I trust every
man will know wfcerc to place himself. Each
man will rally to his appropriate standard. Let
the planting and agricultural States look to it.
For one, sir, I know my course, and shall not hesi-
tate to take it. I go for a cheap and simple Go-
vernment; one that will protect men in the enjoy-
ment of their rights; leaving each individual free
to pursue his own occupation in his own way; and
shall oppose all high tariffs, systems of distribution,
unjust and unequal burdens, and schemes of na-
tional aggrandizement, which are to jeopardise
the public happiness and public liberty.
Under the provisions of this law, the Secretary of
the Treasury was compelled to remove a portion of
the public money to other banks. Some ten or fif-
teen millions were thus transferred in a few months.
This necessarily produced embarrassment. The
money was loaned out. It had to be collected, and
paid over to the new depositories; and this first
movement under the law involved the debtors to
the banks, and their debtors, in difficulties, and pro-
duced a limited pressure at the points wher*the
collections were made. But it could not be avoided.
The law required the Secretary, whenever a bank
had more than a given amount of public money in
its vaults, (three-fourths of the amount of its capi-
tal actually paid in,) to remove the overplus to some
other bank.    He was obliged to obey the law.
Again: the next step under this law was to col-
lect from the banks nearly forty millions of dollars
m the short period of nine months, (from January
to October, 1837,) and transfer the amount to the
several Slates. Much of this large sum had to be
taken from the great Atlantic cities, and carried to
the interior. Sixor eight millions were removed from
New York last spring, in the course of a few weeks.
So large a sum drawn from the active circula-
ting capital of a large city, and removed from the
channels of trade, to points remote from commer-
cial transactions, to be expended by the States, or
distributed in loans among their people, must ne-
cessarily cause a heavy pressure among merchants
and men of business, who had invested their funds
in commerce. It has been intimated here, that the
importation of thirty or forty millions of specie
from Europe into this country, within the last two
or three years, is the probable cause of all the em-
barrassments now pervading the world. If thirty
millions, in two years withdrawn from the com-
merce of all Europe, could produce such resujts,
what might we not expect to follow the withdrawal
of six or seven millions from a single city, in a few
weeks?
This, alone, should have produced serious
losses, sacrifices, and distress; but who is to blame
for it? Not the administration; not the Secretary;
bul those who made the law. Without pretending to
more sagacity than others, I thought, at the time of
its passage, that I foresaw many evils to result from
it, and this one among the rest. I voted against
it. My sUrts are therefore clear. But it re-
ceived almost the unanimous vole of the opposi-
tion in both branches of Congress. It was hailed
by them and their presses as a great whig triumph
over the Executive, who was behved to be opposed
lo it. It was characterised as a measure that had
been too strong for even General Jackson to resist.
Now, sir, those who were its frien>N ought to be
the last men to complain of it? practical effects up-
on the commerce nnd business of the country.
But, lo complete thejdisasters of the merchants,
just at the morr.snt when these large demands were
made upon them by the banks, their notes in Eu-
rope became due. They had made immense im-
mense importations from abroad, on credit; the
country was overstocked with goods. They had
sold much on credit; and the balanee remained un-
sold, in the store-houses. It was impossible to raise
the money on the goods, to pay their original cost.
The banks could not relieve them, but were actu-
ally demanding money to enable them to comply
with the requisitions of the Government; and be-
tween these two fires the merchants fell. What
was true at New York, was trae, to some extent,
at every other point along the seaboard. At New
Orleans, where commercial houses failed for ten
and fifteen millions of dollars, they did so because
they had accepted the drafts of planters upon their
cotton crops, for two or three years in advance.
Tfcese acceptances were used by those who held
them to purchase land and other property, and
were really the debts of the drawers; but they
helped to swell the amount for which the houses
failed, who had made themselves responsible for
the payment.
Such a condition of things could not last. It
must either become better or worse. The pressure
continued, the panic commenced, and the banks
suspended specie payment—beginning at New
York! The others followed the example, as fast
as the mail conveyed intelligence of this move-
ment at the great emporium.
I can not pass this point without some observa-
tions upon the circumstances attending this extraor-
dinary suspension. What were the reasons as-
signed for it? The banks in the East complained
that, under the Specie circular, the hard money
had all gone to the West; in other words, they
suspended because they had not specie to redeem
their notes. On the other hand, the banks sus-
pended in the West because they feared their paper
would be- bought up, brought in upon them, their
vaults drained, and the specie taken to the seaboard
for exportation ¡o Europe. In plain English, the
eastern banks suspended because they had not
specie, and the western banks because they had!
As it regards the latter, there was some force in
the reason assigned by them ; they regarded it as a
defensive measure. It was perhaps better for them
and for the country, that they should suspend with
money in their vaults, than without it. If they had
allowed the specie to be taken from them, and had
then suspended, their paper would have sunk to
twenty-five and fifty per cent, below par; whereas
it now answers, as a currency, for all the ordinary
purposes of life. The same remark to a conside-
rable extent is true in regard to the eastern banks,
so far as the value and circulation of their paper is
concerned. But how did the specie circular de-
press the eastern banks? How has it embarrassed
any bankf It either had an effect, or it had not.
It was intended to curtail their operatioss and li-
mit the loans for investment in public lands; to
prevent the exchange of the public domain for
bank paper. By some it is insisted that it failed
to produce this effect; that purchasers procured
the paper; drew out the specie from a western bank;
purchased the land; and the receiver returned the
specie to the bank again ia a few days. That in
this way, one small bag of gold or silver could be
made to purchase all the lands in the West. If
this were the operation, then it did not produce a
drain of specie fiom ihe East, and had no effect
whatever upon the banks. But others say that
there was a stream flowing westward continually;
that the paper of the eastern banks was collected
and brought in upon them from day to day, and
specie obtained to purchase public lands; and that,
in this way, the business of the banks was curtail-
ed. Suppose it to be so. Then the effect of the
"order" was lo restrain the issues of the banks.
Very well: the banks have now so much paper in
circulation that they can not redeem it, and are
obliged to suspend payment. How much worse
would have been their condition, if this "order"
had not been issued? Would they not have had
a much larger amount in circulation? The
answer is obvious. Whilst paper was taken for
land, the banks could lend any quantity of
thai; because they multiplied and manufactured it
at pleasure; but when cash was required, they cur-
tailed their discounts. If this was the operation of
the "order," it is a subject of regret that it was not \
issued a year sooner than it was.   The truth is, the
