'O           ____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________Sept. 1837,
25th Cokq.-..1st Sess.                                Postponement of fourth instalment—Mr. Hamer.                                                          H. of Reps.
rest is so interwoven with the business and interests
of other portions of the people.
In relation to (he" merchants, I will say, that I
make no war upon them. There are many of
them who are higtily valuable citizens, and men
whom f esteem. "I listened this morning to a splen-
did eulogy pronounced upon them by a distinguish-
ed gentleman from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Sergeant.)
There was much truth in w hat he said; but I am
far from agreeing with him in all the sentiments
which he advanced. I know their influence in so-
ciety, from the great importer, through the whole-
sale dealer, down to the little country retailer, who
talks about banks, currency, and exchange, to his
neighbors, and exerts his ledger influence over those
who buy of him, at all our important elections. I
am aware that they, in effect, regulate our currency
now, and have done so in all time past. . When a
bank note is presented to an individual, the first
question he asks, if he does not know it to be good,
is, " do they take this in the stores?" If it is taken
by the merchants in the little town near him, he
receives it; if not, he rejects it.
It n¡ay be conceded that punctuality and fidelity
are traits in the character of the merchant of all
countries. These are the life of trade, without
which it could not exist. It is their interest to be
faithful and punctual in their engagements. And I
have read and seen enough to satisfy me, .that, as a
class, interest is the. ruling principle with them.
Many honorable exceptions there undoubtedly are;
but such has been their general character, from the
days when they bought Joseph and sold him into
Egypt, down to the period when they furnished the-
enemy with provisions, and smuggled goods into
the country during the last war.
Look At history. What weie the Republics of
CarthagSt, of Venice, of Genoa? Governments of
merchants. When did they ever observe any rule
of conduct but their own interest? What is Eng-
land but & nation of merchants; and the whole
island bufa great banking establishment? Where
has she ever faltered in the pursuit of an object,
jf her interest required the pursuit? Nay,
sir, in our own country, youag as it is, ex-
perience has taught us that the merchants could
drive us into a war in defence of commerce,
of " free trade and sailors' rights," and then throw
every impediment in the way of our Government
in the successful prosecution of that war; evincing
that ilu-.y were the most mercenary, if not the least
patriotic, of our citizens, i know it is an easy mat-
ter to deny all this; and so it is tocleny the truth of
any fact recorded in history, if a gentleman choose
to take that responsibility.
However much, therefore, I may respect indivi-
duals belonging to this profession, as a class, those
who have deluged the country with foreign mer-
chandise; involved us in a foreign debt of more than
thirty millions, and produced a necessity for ship-
ping one-half our specie from the country to pay
this debt, deserve no peculiar favor from the Go-
vernment.
Still we must do right, whether they do or not.
We propose to relieve them in the present crisis,
by the measure to which I have referred. Are
gentletneu not satisfied with this? Do the mer-
chants ask any thing else? What would they have?
Shall we pay their debts? Does any man advo-
cate this doctrine? We have no power by the
Constitution to do so. Besides, it would be gross
injustice, if we had the power. Where would
we get the money? Out of the Treasury, of course.
Shall we take the money raised from one set of
our citizens to pay the debts of another set? Who
will advocate such a proposition? No one will
have the hardihood to do so. And if we do not
resort to such a measure, then there is no other re-
lief to be given but that which we now offer.
I know that some gentlemen, during the dis-
cussion, talked of the relief given by the-Govern-
ment of France, in the time of the great Missis-
sippi scheme, which embarrassed the whole nation;
and others have told us of the measures adopted by
the Pat liamenl of England, at the lime of the South
Sea bubble, which deranged the monetary affairs
«fan entire kingdom. Are these examples for our
imitation? Shall we assume powers, never dele-
gated to us .by the Constitution, that we may imi-
tate a despotic Government, such as France had
at that day; or to follow the footsteps of the British
Parliament; a body, who, in the language of Eng-
lish law writers, is claimed to be " omnipotent?"
This.would be indeed an act of usurpation, for
which not only the American people, but " the
very stones might cry out against us!"
But some gentlemen have been candid enough
to  admit,  that a NATIONAL BANK  is what
they want.    I commend them for their'frankness.
That is what the great body of the opposition really
want, if they would come out manfully and avow
their sentiments. It seems we.ought to have a great
" regulator of THE CURRENCY."   I had intended
to make some observations upon this subject, par-
ticularly in reference to the Pennsylvania Bank of
the United  States, but the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Potter,) in a speech to-
day, which for ability and force of argument has
been seldom equalled, and never surpassed, in this
House, portrayed this subject so fully, that I will
not dwell upon it.   Ho has placed the whole mat-
ter in a much clearer light than I could hope to do.
It is important to remark, however, that the old
Bank of the United States  never did regulate the
currency; it could not prevent over  issues on the
part of other banks; and it constantly indulged in
expansions and contractions of its own, which left
the prices of property, in all parts of the country,
uncertain and unstable.     However currently its
own paper might pass, it was not always conver-
tible into gold and silver, without trouble and ex-
pense to the holder, because its bills were not al-
ways redeemable at the   offices  where  they were
issued, and in the neighborhoods where they circu-
lated.     And  the value of its paper, its universal
credit of which we  hear  so   much,  was  owing
chiefly   to   the endorsement  o1' the  Government,
whichreceived it in payment of all public dues. The
purchasers of land sought after it to buy the public
domain.     The importing merchants collected it to
pay their duties; and, of  course, the wholesale and
retail merchants took it, because the importers pre-
ferred it.     Thus the impress of the Government
caused it to pass in all parts of the Union; but that
same impress would have caused the paper of any.
other bank to pass in the same manner.
If the old bank did produce a uniform currency;
did act as a regulator restraining the other banks
within due bounds, why has not the present Bank
of Pennsylvania done the same thing? When the
charter had been obtained from the State, and Mr.
Biddle had called the stockholders together, to de-
cide whether they would accept the new charter,
he informed them that the new one was better for
them, and for the public, than the old one; that the
connection between the bank and the Government
had never been of any advantage to the bank; and
that, for all the purposes of currency, commerce,
&c. the present bank would be better and stronger
than the former. Now, was this true? If so, then,
according to the arguments of gentlemen, the bank
could have prevented all the present difficulties.
If it could have prevented them and would not, it
is unpatriotic, and ought not to be trusted. If it
could not prevent them, then it does not possess
the power ascribed to it; and if this bank can not
regulate the others, then the old one could not; for
Mr. Biddle declared that this one was more power-
ful for all good purposes than the former. Who
knows better than he the respective powers of the
two corporations? And yet we see that this boast-
ed giant was one of the first banks in the country
to lay down its arms, to close its doors, and thereby
to admit its inability to redeem its paper. For I
care not who says to the contrary, no man will
convince me that the bank was able to go on. No
sir: it stopped from sheer necessity. If it had
possessed the ability to redeem its paper, who
does not see that it would have gone on paying
specie after the other banks had stopped, 'and thus
compelled the Secretary of the Treasury, under the
deposite law of 1836, to place the public money in
its vaults—thus achieving a complete victory over
the Government and a large majority of the Ameri-
can people, who have rejected it as a fiscal agent.
If Mr. Buldle had the means to go on at the time
he stopped payment, he committed the greatest
financial and political blunder that has occurred
during the last twenty years; and his reputation as
a financier ought to fall at least fifty per cent. in.
the estimation of all his political friends.
. One word in regard to exchanges, which gentle-
men think the Government ought to regulate-
What are exchanges? I do not profess to be a
financier, but 1 endeavor to understand these sub-
jects for myself, and to take what I consider a
plain, common sense view of them. Exchanges,
then, are the means whereby capital or money is
transported from- one part of the country to
another. I have a thousand or ten thousand dol-
lars at Cincinnati, and I want to uá'e it at Phila-
delphia or New York. By means of a bill of
exchange, or bank notes, I am enabled to trans-
port it free of cost. I take my specie to the bank
and deposite it there, and, in lieu of it, they give
me a bill of exchange on some bank or individual
in Philadelphia, who pays me the money when I
get there; or they furnish me United States Bank
notes, which I can put in my pocket-book and
carry without trouble or expense. This is a con-
venient operation for me, but the question is this:
is the Government bound to furnish this accommoda-
tion to individuals?
What is money? Is it any thing but property?
It is considei ed a medium of trade and commerce:
so it is; but still it is one of the forms of property.
What is the difference between a thousand dollars
in money, and a thousand dollars in pork or flour,
except that one is more easy of transportation tham
the other, and that the owner of the pork or flour is.
obliged to make sale of his property to turn it into
cash. So, if the owner of the money wants pork,
he is obliged to sell his money for the purpose of
obtaining it. It is property, then. Now, if the
Government is bound to furnish those who have
money with the means of transporting it, free of
expense, from one part of the Union to another, are
they not equally bound to furnish the means of
transporting every other species of property in like
manner? Is equality one of the fundamental prin-
ciples of the Government? Shall any one set of
men have laws made for their peculiar benefit,
which are to reach no other class? Is this just? If
it is not, then the Government should furnish the
means of taking our flour, pork, cotton, tobacco,
horses, mules, and cattle to market. One man has
ten thousand dollars in cash at Cincinnati; another
has ten thousand dollars worth of flour; and a third
ten thousand dollars worth of mules, at tfie same
place. If the Government is bound to make a na-
tional bank, to transport the money to Philadelphia,
it is equally beund to furnish a national steamboat
to take the flour to New Orleans, and national mule
drivers to take the mules to South Carolina. If any
gentleman can point out the difference, and show
why a distinction is to be made among the cases,
and especially, why the peculiar privilege should be
given to the individual who has the money—a class
who are generally better able to take care of them-
selves than any other—I should really be pleased
to hear the argument.
But we have one consolation in all this contro-
versy. If a national bank is a sovereign remedy
for all the evils—pecuniary, political, and physi-
cal, with which we can be afflicted; if it is a panacea
for derangements of the currency; for party con-
flicts, endangering the stability of the Union; for
cholera, and for short crops of wheat, corn, and
cotton—one thing is quite certain: we can adopt
this remedy whenever we think proper. This is a
great privilege we enjoy. I admit, however, that
that there is no prospect of getting a bank during
Mr. Van Buren's administration, and so far as I
am concerned, irfdividually, I am willing to try a
few more "experiments," as they are called, before
I resort to it. When we have gone the "rounds,"
and find that nothing else will save us from ruin,
it will be time enough then to begin to think ef
making a national bank.
But I return to the measures now before us.
By issuing Treasury notes we use our credit to
enable us to carry on the operations of the Go-
vernment. We cannot pay our debts. Why?
Because those who owe us can not pay. We must
either prosecute them and compel them te sue their
debtors, or we must give time, and enable them to
indulge those who owe them.   We prefer the latter
