<$epl 1831*
25th OoN&,.~lst Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GlsOBE.
§§
Making public officers depositories—Mr. Buchanan.
Senafo.'
—with what justice, I shall leave the Senate lo de-
cide.
And this is the experiment, which, according to
the Senator from Virginia, (Mr. Rives,) has not
failed. This is the experiment to which we ought
to give another trial. I tremble for my country
■when I reflect what may be its condition hereafter,
should its treasures be again entrusted to such de-
positories. No nation can expect perpetual peace.
Dark and portentous clouds are now gathering
in the north. The Maine boundaiy question is
assuming a threatening aspect. In the South, we
have serious disputes with Mexico. If war should
come, and find us with our treasures locked up in
such depositories as we have had, the embarrass-
ments of the country will be of the most formida-
ble character. Many of these banks could not
exist for a moment, if it were not for the boundless,
extravagant, and foolish confidence of the public.
The inflated bubble when touched by the spear of
Ithuricl, reust explode and dissolve into thin air.
The whole fabric is built upon the sand, and
"when the rain descended, and the floods came,
and the winda^blew, and beat upon that hou<-e, it
fell; and grejpwas the fall of it." Nay, sir, a pufl
of air was sufficient to overturn it.
Apprehensions have been expressed, and n j
4oubt felt in the course of this debate, \e.--i a per-
petuation c¡f the divorce which now exists betvt can
the Treasury and the banks, might lead to the
establishment of a Bank of the United States. This
event would, in my opinion, be much more proba-
ble should the late system lie restored. It is, there-
fore, natural that the friends of such a bank sliou Id
be in favor of this restoration. In such a.i event,
let war come when it may, yon will then not only
be deprived of your own trcassres, but specie pay-
ments will be suspended, the currency of toe who!e
country will be deranged, and you will not bcaole
to collect taxes lrom the people, unless ¡t be m
depreciated paper. Át such a crisis, a Bank of
the United Stetes becomes inevitable. Let us then
keep our money under our own control. Let us
always have it ready for use when it is required.
Let us depend upon no banks, whether State or
national, for this purpose.
It may be said that although the banks have sus-
pended specie payments, yet the deposites which
we kav-e made with them will eventually be paid.
TJhis may, or it may not be. I doubt extremely on
that point. If the event were certain, however,
this is no answer to the objections again- '. employ-
ing sncli depositories. In ¡be djv of uinter they
cease to be banks. Your money, which is the sinew
of war, is withheld from you at the hour of your
utmost need. "Sbar resources are dried up, said
your energies paralysed, at the very moment when
the most energetic eier'jons are demanded. It
would be but a poor eonsolation, either to ;k-> Go-
vernment or people of this country, tli£.i after b.t-
ving suffered all ths evils ar-.d calamitas of -•:• !i :•
catastrophe, the Commissioners of Insolvency
should finally pay them twenty shillings m tne
pound.
In the second place, I am opposed to reluming
to the system of deposite bank;, because I feci no
confidence that upon a second trial, it would pwve
better than it did on the (hat. From the very na-
ture and present organization of our Slate banking
institutions, they must go from bad to worse.
Their tendency is downward, and unless arrested
by tiie vigorous action of the S.ate Governments,
the whole system muse rush to inevitable ruin. 1
defy the art of man to devre a '¡vor-e bankmg sys-
tem than that whieh prevails throughout ih.s coun-
try. The model of it upon paper was the Bank of
.England; but the whole capital of tlm ban!; is
vested in losas to Government, and is therefore as
seeure as the'Goveinrm-nt jts-df. Such is n. it. the
condition of any of our insulations. The p.ibiic
have no security that the whole amount oi dsj*
capital stock may not be squandered; and the fact
is, according to the statement of Mr. Gallaun, that
one hundred and sixty-five of oiir banks broke be-
tween 1811 and 1830.
These banks, or all of them with which I am
acquainted, enjoy, under their charters, a pnvi eg 
which exefwpfs their stockholders, in their iiulivi-
dftal canity, from, the payment; of any of tac notes
or debts due by the corporation, in case it should
become insolvent. There is, I believe, no restric-
tion any where upon the amount of their profits or
dividends, unless it be a trifling tax. And they are
no where required to have any fixed proportion of
specie in their vaults, compared with the amount
of their circulation and deposites: certainly they
are not in the State which I have the honor in part
to represent.
If the Senator from Massachusetts and myself
enter into a partnership to prosecute any business,
and, the partnership should fail, the private for-
tunes of each of us would be responsible for the
debts of the concern. The partners and sharehold-
ers in the private or joint stock banks of England
are placed m the same situation. No holder ef
such bank notes in that country, none of their depo-
sitors can lose one dollar, until after the private for-
tunes of all the stockholders shall have been ex-
hausted. This is a great security to the public.
Not so the bankers in this country. They are a
privileged class. That business which is more
profitable than any other is conducted without any
such risk. Cupidity is unrestrained by any such
apprehension. It has a fair field to display itself.
Each man puts into the concern the amount of his
stock. When that is paid, the bank proceeds to
make money as fast as it can, without the fear of
future íesponslhility. How great is the temptation
to excess! These banks create mor.ey as if by ma-
gic, in the form of bank notes or bank credits.
These they exchange with individuals for their own
.notes or bit's of exchange, discounting a high rate
of interest from their face. Their extravagant
issues andcreJitsgiveastimuluslo extravagant spe-
culations; and our past history proves that the more
they loan, the greater is the demand for new loans.
The supply never equals the demand. The last
fe.v years has been the golden age for banks. I
have no means of ascertaining their profits in dif-
ferent portions of the Union. I am sorry that the
drpostte law did not require the deposite banks to
return to the Secretary of the Treasury the amount
of their dividends. From all the information which
I have received, they have been enormous. The
Senator from Georgia (Mr. King) has informed us
that the batiks in the city where he resides (Augus-
ta,) have divided, during the last year, at the rate
of fifty per cent, per annum.
These extravagant profits have tempted the
avarice of our citizens. F,ach one desires to reap
h". portion of the go'den harvest. Our legislative
balls have been beset by borers for new banks,
genteelly denominated lobby member". Rich re-
wards and splendid gifts have been made to those
of tbem who proved successful. The State Legis-
latures have too ones yielded to their importunities.
Then comes the struggh among competitors to
obtain the stock. The scenes which have occurred
up- nsuch occasions, in some of our large cities, I
.•Lai not attempt lo «¡escribe. It rises instantly
a'o've pat: pnd those who have been fortunate in
the s.niggle, may sell out at pn advance. This
stock, in many instances, is not paid for in money,
HH in what are called stock note'.. The new bank
starts, often without any large proportion of solid
ci-.p'tal, to run the same care:r, which seems to be
piescnbecl lo it by the law of its nature.
Bank capital, bank notes, and bank loans, have
increased with alarming rapidity foi the last few
year-. T'.ie President,"m his Message, siates that
betwetn the commencement of the year 1834, and
the first of January, 1836, the bank capita! of the
country had increased from ¿200,000,000 to $251,-
000,0J0, the m les in circulation from $95,000,000
to «..141,000,C00, and their loans and discounts
f'oJi «i3S4,000,i:00 to §457,000.000. We know
that since the first of January, 18.16, the increase
Ins still been proceeding at a rapid rate, and many
new banks have been created; but after that period,
we have reeeived no accurate information of their
capital, or of the amount of their issues and loans.
Upon any sudden revulsion of trade, these banks
either sink under the weight they have heaped npon
themselves a<i 'hey have recently done; or, if they
survive th-> shock, they greatly injure, or wholly
ruin, ¡hose members of the community around
iheni who have unfortunately become their debtors.
In,  stt'iiggLijg ibr existence ihenwlves, necessity
compels them to press their debtors 'with arf {ion
hand.                                          . 4  '        '"' .*    '■'■•
When a bank fails, what classes of society ¿re
most likely to suffer from the explosion? Who So
you suppose, Mr. President; held the notes of the'
hundred and sixty-five banks that proved insolvent
between 1811. and 1830? Not the shrewd man of
business, not the keen speculator; because Mhey
snuff the danger from afar. It was the nónésí'áncl
industrious classes of society, who are without sus-
picion, and whose pursuits' in life do not render
them familiar with the secret history of banking.
We are now just experiencing another great
evil which has resulted from the extravagant loans
and issues, and consequent suspension of specie
payments by the banks. The country is now de-
luged with small notes, vulgarly called shin pias-
teis. They are of every form and every denomi-
nation between five cents and five dollars, and they
are issued by every individual and every corpora-
tion who think proper. It is impossible for the
poor man to say he will not take them; for there
is scarcely any silver change in circulation any
where. He must receive them for his labor ■ or
starve.
The paper on which these small notes are prin t
ed is often so bad, and the}' are so inartificially go
up, that it is almost impossible to distinguish be
tween the counterfeit and the genuine. To coua
terfeit them has become a regular business, and it
has been carried to a great extent.
Our currency below five dollars now consists of
this combined mass of genuine and counterfeit shin
plasters; and many of the counterfeits are intrinsi-
cally of equal value with the'genuine. Some are
payable in one medium and some in another. Some
on demand, and others have years to run before
they reach maturity. The very moment the banks
resume specie payments, this mass of illegal and
worthless currency will be rendered entirely use-
less. It will fall "dead in the hands of its holders,
and these will be chiefly the very men wl o are
least able to bear the loss. A scene of confitsion
and distress will then be presented which I need
not describe. Such is one of the effects of extra-
vagant banking.
There is a class of society for whom I have ever
felt a deep interest, whose attention I should
gladly awaken to the evils of an excessive issue
of paper currency—I mean our domestic matfii-
facturers. Do they not perceive that all the pro-
tection which our laws afford tVm is rendered al-
most entirely useless by the extravagant amount of
bank notes now in circulation?
Ithas been stated, in general terms, by those who
best understand the subject of political economy,
that if you double the amount of (he circulating
medium of a country, you thereby double the
nominal price of every article. "-If, when the cir-
culating medium is fifty millions, an article should
cost one dollar, it would cost two, if, without any
increase of the uses of a circulating medium, the
quantity should be increased to a hundred millions."
Although we cannot apply strict arithmetical rules
to this subject, yet all will admit that the proposi-
tion is substantially correct. Let us then suppose,
that our currency has reached >uch a point of de-
preciation, when compared with that of our rivals
in foreign countries, that an article which could be
manufactured abroad for one dollar, would cost
one dollar and fifty cents at home; and what is the
consequence? A premium of fifty per cent, is thus,
in effect, given to foreign manufactures over those
of domestic origin. For example: A piece of
broadcloth costs one hundred dol'ars to the French
manufacturer; he brings it here for sale, "and, on
account of the depreciation in our currency, he re-
ceives for it one hundred and fifty dollars; what
advantage does he thus obtain? Being the citizen
of a foreign country, he will not accept our bank
notes in payment. ' He will take nothing home ex-
cept geld and silver, or a bill of exchange which is
eouivaler-t. He does not expend this money here,
where he would be compelled to support his family,
and to purchase his labor and matenals.at the same
rate of prices which the domestic manufacturer is
oompelled to pay. The depreciation m our curren
oy below the standard of that of France or Eng-
land is, therefore, equivalent to a proportionats di,-
