00                                AfrPfcftDfíi TO THE CONGRESSÍQfrfAL GLOBE.__________Sept. mt.
25th Cong.....1st Sess.                             Making public officers depositories— Mr. Buchanan.                                                     Senate.
rect protection to the ioHi,no\pi "¡if niaits'ic
Manufacturer. The conclusion is inev itable. It
can uoi be denivd. It is impossible that out manu-
lacturen shou) I lo1 % he able to sustain «ucli an
unequal competition Tney. above all men, ought
to exert their great influence for the purpe se oí
confining the paper current) of cur count,y with
in some rea-onab'e limit,'. The fate of the great
interés1 in which the} have embarked depen h up-
onit.:
Our farmers u the gram giowmg States are
placed in a simdar situation. The amount of our
currency must be diminished, or foreign vv heai will
continue to be impoited ford unestic consumption.
The farmer in the north of Gorman} w ill be able to
undersell us-m our own markets
The banks, by then refusal to paj specie, have
now placed themselves m the poner of the State
Governments.   They have foifcited then charters,
and it now remains for the different Legislatures to
decide  upon what  terms they shall be restoied
Amidst the general misfortune" oí the country, it js
one source of consolation that (he banks have
placed themselves with'n the power of the people
Had they not done this bv their own conduct, we
know tli?t a numerous and powerful party exists
in this country who consider a chaitei of ípcotpora-
tton so sacred, that bo sítate Legislature, by any
future la  .could ever resti ict then own banks from
issuing notes under ten dollars, if then chatter au-
thorized them to issue notes of a less denomination
According to the doctrines of this party, all power
over the paper citculatton of the country, w hi h ts
one of the highest attubutes of sovreignty retain-
ed by the Stages, has, by them, been irrevocably
transferred to eight hundred bank .    Thank hea-
ven' eveiy difficulty on that sublet is now remov ed,
and it will depend upon úie w tsdom and firmness (I
these Legislatives, whethei «c shall have a sound
papei cuiicncy in   t i"r to tome, piopottioiK-d m
amount to the wants of the people, and placing 'he
banks themselves in a secure condition, 01 wheiher
we shall again be ov erwhelmed with a  deluge of
paper money and all us  attendant evils     If they
will but secura a specie basis for oui paper circula-
tion, by prohibiting the issue of bank notes, at first
under ten dollars, and afterwards under twenty; it
they wtllrendei the stockholdets of banks personal'y
responsible, at least for the amount of notes which
they ma} issue, it they will limit the dividends of
thg banks to n reasonable profit on the investment
of the stockholde.s, ¡(  thev w ill require the banks
to keep a ju-4 p'opo lion   oi specie in tl en v aults
compaied with then circulation and depot's, and
above ail, if they will adjust 1he whole amount of
bank notes to be issued to the wants of the people,
upon principles  which  have been sanctioned bv
experience, so as to pievent tuitions íluctuatiors in
the amount of our cutrency—-then, indeed, the evi's
which we have suffered  will  be compensated bj
the benefits we are <\> stme! to enjoy.    But I con-
fess I dread the lesiut     We ate a spange people.
TLeles'ons of excellence mike  but a fe^b'e im-
pression on  oar minds     We rise with so mueh,
buoj ancy from our misfot tunes, t hat mi hen the v have
passed awa> they are instan Jy torgottcn.    Should
the banks lesuaie specit payments boftne or shortly
ttftc r the next meeting oí oui  State Legislatures,
a id 'he cum nt beg n to run smoothly again, I fea'
tb.atnosucheha-ia.es  «ill b*  made, in the existing
bank chai ters, and that we must  await  tin' event
of another crisis, which would  then be inevitabk.
UilUl these or some slleh restnctions shall have
been imposed  bv the Stales <n  then banks, thev
never can, they never will, become •.-cme e'eposi-
toiies for the revenues of the Government.
In the third plaee the union which is now dis-
solved between the b inks and the Tieasur; ought
not to be restored, because (he public dep >snes
would again become the fruitful ,ource of over-
issues, and extravagant speculation Wo have no
power to reguUte the Siate bank-, but we can
withhold fiom them our revenue, and thus prevent
tbem fiom using our meens for tie purpose of de-
ranging the business ol socteti It we can not
' eradicate, we aie not bound to aggravate the raeh-
cal hp. of tr-eireonsutotion. If w e cannot prevent,
jve need not become accomplices in their miscon-
duct,    lirn I have already incidentally said «n>
much in '-'■ anr>c ofnj remarks on this branch
of tl>e s.,bjrct, that I need nit treuble the Senaie
with any 'niftier obseivations.
In the fourth pkee, the divorce now subsisting
between the Treasuiv and *he banks ought to be
rendeie' perpe'u-il, because o! their supposed or
actual subserviency to the Government, and the
dangerous influence which might be exerted over
them by the Executive.
I am not ene of those who believe that, hitherto,
any attempt has been made  to e\eit such  an in-
fluence, yet every effort has bec;n used by a por-
tion of the  pi ess to produce such an impression
These .ns.itutions have  been  denounced as " the
pet  banks"  of the  Government,  and  they  have
been chaigec' with granting peculiat favors to the
minions of Executive power.    Tiue or false, tins
charge has  produced  some effect  on the public
mind     Besides, all the transactions of the Secre-
taiy of the Tieasmy with these banks, lendered
necessary bv existing laws, have been denounced
as tampenng with the currencv     And  thus the
adm lustration is alw ays blamed fot every disaster
which occurs ¡n the money market    A connec-
tion with these banks is thus made to assume a
political characlei, and is mix^d up with all the
pai ty strife of the day   The public m nd is inflamed
upon the subject, and the public suspicion is ex-
ciicd.    This is an evil which can only be avoided
by a peimanent divorce between bank and State
But again: If a Secretary of the Treasury vv ere
disposed  to exert an improper influence ovei these
banks, with what piodigious effect might they not'
be vised to accomplish his purposes? At the time of
the suspension oí specie pa> ments there were eight) -
six deposite banks planted throughout our eountiy.
Tic letters which were read  the othel day by the
Senator  fiom  Mississippi, (Mr   Walkei,) prove
how low  some of the State banks w erf  vvilli'gto
cr rige    n   oidei   to   obtain  tne  deposites     Their
language is unwoithv of the proud bearing which
ought tochatac'enreAmeiican freemen.    It proves
at least, that some of them are not very scrupulous,
when "thrift will follow fawning "   Such was the
anxiety to obtain a p >rtion of this boon, that two
of the most most ¡espectable banks of the city of
Philadelphia piocuied resolutions to be passed m
the House of Representatives of Pennsylvania, re-
commenelmg them to the Secretary of the Treasury
as depositories of the public money; and these resei-
lutions were sent to my co lepgue and myself, with
a request that we might e^eit our influence to ac-
complish this propose     Eighty-six attiliated hanks,
scatteied over every State, and intent upon a com-
mon ebjecl, could exert an immense jioiitical pow-
er.    An pmbituus and able Secretary of the Tiea-
sui) might use them with prodigious effect m order
to  make himself President.     And this could be
done with the greater effect, because it would   es-
cape detection    The agent oi the banks at Wash-
ington  city might be  used as the instrument, and
all the necessarv measures might be adopted in the
secret parlors of the bankdirectois throughout the
country.    A   conceited movement might thus be
made in  every portion of the Union  at the «ame
moment, which would a'most be nres's'ible
I e'o not know but that such a ]e?gue of asso-
ciated banks misht be i endued more dangerous
than even a Bank of the United States This bank
*v ould have its i ights and its duties defined bv law.
Ii could clann the Government deposites, and that
its notes shou'd be received in pavment of the
Gen en ment due-*, mi^er the provisions of its char-
tei, But the seleottoi of these depositories, the
amount of •hepubbcrnoney winch the; shallleccive,
1 ovv long they shall retain it, in what manner they
shall conduct then bin! s. all, all i kit to Execu-
tive discretion. What a boundless field lor Exe-
cutive pitionase' And vet the administration
wlrch anxionsiv desires to surrendei this fruitful
source ot politit?l power, has been charged with
el«s!¿i,s of txter nv Executive patronage1 And
for what leasoh? Simply because it proposes that
the evistipjr officers of the Government, without
adding one to their n mibcr, should be substituted
as the depositónos of 'he public money instead of
these bank" Even if it should become neces-
sary to appoint some ten ot twenty additional
officers at th" most important points, to perform
ihsdui), I would not compvre th s increase of
Executive patronage vnt.i that which the Executive
Government is now  volunta dy w '"mg to abandon.
It would be but as a dmp compared w ith the ocean.
Talk not, then, to me of the increase of patronage
which the bill upon yoeii table would confer on
the Executive They form a very unjust estimate
of the intelligence ot our citi7ens, who woald
attempt to mal'p them believ e that a few Executive
officers, know n to be stieh to all the surrounding
commtmitv, cm exercise an infuence over the
people at all to be compaied with that of a league
of eighty-six banking institutions
This now bungs me to the hill upon jour table.
This bill is the enly remaining plan to which we
can resort I1" recommends itself to public appro-
bation bv the simolicity of its provisions The
existing officeis of Government already collect arid
disburse our rtvenues It merely superadds to
these duties, that of safely keeping and transferring
the publ c money, accordmg to the exigencies of
the Government, during the time which must ne-
cessauly intervene between its ieceipt and dis-
buisement. This is the whole bill If it be justly
liable to any criticism, it is that the security 0f the
public money might require the appointment oí a
\ cry lew addi"onal officers m our laige commercial
cities It has peihaps been framed more exchi-
sivelv with a view to economy, than is consistent
with "the public interest The object is a great and
important one, and no moderate additional expense
ought to be spared which may be necessarv for its
accomplishment    Such is the bill
The Senatoi from Souln Carolina (Mr Calhoun)
has pmposed an amendment to this bill, prescribing
the funds which shall be received in payment of the
pub'icelues. And here permit me to observe, that m
discussing that amendment I shili not inquire w hether
the Senator has come ovet to us, or we have gone
over to th S"netor This is a question of but
small moment, so tnat vie are now together The
fiiot extended effort which 1 ever made in Congress,
was in defence of the conduct of that Senator,
when I thought he had been unjustly assdiled as
Secretary of War We stood together shoulder to
shoulder in 1897, and thioughout the trymg con-
flict which resulted in the election of Genera! Jack-
son I rejoice that he is now found sustaining the
leading recommendation of the Message at this
important cusís, and I trust that on future occa-
sions we may recede his able and efficient «uppoit.
With till th=se feelings of distinguished respect
for the Senator, I am still sorry that he has offered
his amendment I should have been glad if the
vote of the Senate could have been taken upon the
simple proposition to divoice bank and Slate. Oft
this single question we should hav e, I think, pre-
sented a moie united fiom than w hen it «hall be
eonnetted with the Senator's amendment. It
would have been bettet first to have established
the divorce, and afleiwards to have determined, by
a separate bill, the nature of tbe funds which our
depositones shall receive
Foi my own pa.il, as to the funds receivable, I
ffel «trongly inclined to supriort the recommenda-
tion of the Spcreiarv of the Treasmy In page 23
of his report, when speaking on this subject, he
savs
" Tnis tcuM be effected by directing what alone
appeals safe and vvhat is understood to be the
praetiee in both England and Fiance It is, that
the b'lls of no local banks be taken, which shall
not, from the near location of the bank, be equfva-
lent to specie, be able to be converted m'o specie
at veiy short periods bj the receiveis and collec-
tors, so as to pav tr* public creditor  legallv, if
demanding «¡pecie, and be thus atcounteel fm at
par, and without expense to the G< veinmenl. Ano-
ther advantage from th'S couise world be, its salu-
tai i check on over-issues bv the ne ghbormg
banks '
If the depositories were authoiiyed to receive and
e'isbiirse the notes of such banks, calling upon Ihpm
at short intervals to settle the balances in specie, it
might, I think, have piomoted the convenience of
the public, as we'l as afforded a salutary check
upon the issues of the sunotfe'mg banking institu-
tions I understird such was the course pursued
bv Ihe late Bank of the United States,   I vim
