102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. Í837.¡
25th CoNG....lst Sess.
Making public officers depositories—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
creation of so much gold and silver. Their credit
will be such that they may be sent abroad as
mittanees, and thus pay our debt, equalize our for
eign exchanges, and prevent the exportation of spe-
cie. I ask, what more could we have done to relieve
trie country'? But we have not proposed a Bank'of
the United States; and in the opinion of some gen-
tlemen, all which we can do is nothing, if this be
left undone. It is the sovereign panacea for all the
evils 'which fiesh is heir to.
In addition to the relief measures which I have
just enumerated, I ought not ts forget the vote of
more than two to one upon the resolution reported by
the Committee on Finance against chartering a bank
of the United States. I consider that v*te by far the
most important relief measure of the session. If
the merchants of our country could but be prevailed
upon to abandon every hope of the establishment
of such an institution, and throw themselves upon
their own resources, instead of expecting aid from
the Government, how soon would the present
gloomy aspect of affairs begin to brighten. Why
should American merchants, whose abilitiesand en-
ter prise render them more able to help themselves
than those of any other country, be constantly invok-
ing the aid of the Government to enable them to
conduct their foreign and domestic exchanges. Let
all hope of obtaining a national bank vanish from
their minds, and we shall soon see the exchanges
conducted upon the same principles, and with the
same success, which characterize similar opera-
tions in'Europe. Let our merchants first put their
own shoulders to the wheel, and then they need
never pray to Hercules for relief.
There is another cause which renders the charter
of a new bank almost hopeless. It would be in
bad taste for me to bring into the discussion upon
this theatre, the Bank of the United States of Penn-
sylvania. Whether it shall continue to exist, is a
domestic question which we shall settle at home.
My opinions in regard to this institution have been
openly avowed upon all suitable occasions. But if
the people of Pennsylvania should tolerate its con-
tinued existence, you already have a Bank of the
United States. That institution is too vast to be
sustained by a single State. It must be a Bank of
the United States, or it can be nothing. Mr. Biddle
truly said, in presenting its charter to the stock-
holders, that it possessed greater advantages under
it, than it had ever enjoyed before. It has the un-
limited power of buying and holding banking stock.
Under this proMsion, n has, I am in formed, already
purchased two banks; the one in Georgia and the
other in Louisiana, and it will continue to acquire
other Slate Institutions, which will act as its
branches. Besides, its agencies are already spread
over the Union. It is highly improbable that those
interested in this institution will ever he the advo-
cates of another National Bank. A new bank,
with a capital of fifty millions of dolíais, would
not, probably, under any circumstances, be esta-
blished in the same city beside a bank with a capi-
ta! of thirty-five millions. Attempt to create such
a bank in New York, and you will probably find
almost the entire population of Pennsylvania, be-
longing to all political parties, against it. I throw
out these suggestions merely to convince the mer-
cantile community how very improbable it is that
a new Bank of trie United States will be establish-
ed, if 1 could convince them of this truth, then
the business of the country would soon conform to
that state of things, and we should not be kept in
eternal strife by the agitation of this question.
I should not further exhaust the patience of the
Senate, had not the accuracy of some of the state-
ments of the President, contained in his Message,
been questioned in the course of this debate.
The President, whilst assigning the causes of our
existing distress, for the purpose of proving th<it
they were not peculiar to this country, but were
general in their nature, asserts, that similar causes,
operating at «he same time, had produced similar
effects, in England and other commercial countries.
He concludes his remarks upon this subject with
the observations which I shall read. Here Mr. B.
read the following extract from the message :
"In'both countries, (the United States and Great
Britain,) we have witnessed the same redundancy
of paper money, and other faculties of credit; the
same spirit of speculation ; the same partial suc-
cesses ; the same difficulties and reverses ; and, at
length, nearly the same overwhelming catastrophe.
The most material differense between the results in
the two countries has only been that, with us, there
has also occurred an extensive derangement in the
fiscal affairs of the Federal and State Governments,
occasioned by the suspension of specie payments
by the banks.
" The history of these causes and effects in Great
Britain and the United States is substantially the
history of the revulsion in all other commercial
countries."
The correctness of this statement, in point of
fact, has been attacked in no measured terms; and
it is my present purpose to prove that u has been
assailed without any just cause.
Even if the President had been in error in this
particular, what would it prove? Certainly net
that he intended to mislead others; because such
an error, so far from sustaining, would be directly
opposed to his own position. If ha could have
said, with truth, that our peculiar system of bank
credits was so very bad, that we alone, of all the
nations of the earth, were now suffering under
dreadful reverses, whilst other commercial nations
had escaped uuscathed, this would have given
great force to his argument. It would have added
another powerful reason to those which he had al-
ready urged in favor of divorcing the banks from
the Treasury, and not contributing, hereafter, by
the public deposites, to swell the tide of bank
credits and paper currency, which, in our country*
alone, had caused so much rum and distress. The
only purpose, therefore, of those who had assailed
his statements, must have been to convict him, not
of intentional error, but of ignoiance
But is he justly liable to this imputation'? Sena-
tors have attempted to prove it, by showing tint
during the last few years the circulation of bank
notes throughout England has not materially in-
creased ; and upon this iso'ated fact they conclude,
that there has been no over-banking nor over-
trading in that country. Now, sir, the premises
may 1 e true ; but I shall show they do not m theory
warrant the conclusion, and that it is directly at
war with the state of the fact.
Although excessive bank issues undoubtedly are
a powerful incentive to extravagant speculations
and overtrading, and such they have always proved,
to a disastrous extent, in this country, yet thepe
evils may, and sometimes do, exist in countries
where the circulation scarcely varies in amount,
and is almost purely metallic. If, then, gentlemen
could show that the paper circulation of England
had remained uniform for the last three years, this
would not establish the fact that extravagant credits
and speculations had not existed in that country.
A friend has just reminded me of a case precisely
in point. I refer to the French speculations in
colonial produce, I think, of the year 1809. So
intensely, at that time, did the spirit of speculation
act upon the minds of the people, that the French-
man forgot his love of pleasure, and his fondness
for spectacles; and the very theatres, whilst the play
was proceeding, became commercial marts for the
purchase and sale of these commodities. Thev
rose to a most extravagant price, and the public
mind became excited to the highest pitch. Napo-
leon, in order to arrest this spirit, had it announced
all over the country on the same day, that George
the Third was dead. The bubble then burst; and
the ruin of thousands was the consequence. These
speculations were founded upon the prospect that
ihe war with England would continue, and there-
fore colonial produce could not be imported into
France; and ¡hey were suddenly checked, because
it was believed that the death of the English
monarch would be the harbinger of peace. It is
scarce necessary to observe that the circulation of
France is almost purely metallic.
But facts are stubborn things; and in the instance
before us they will entirely destroy the conclusions
of gentlemen. No country in the world has ever
witnessed more extravagant bank credits and spe-
culation than England has done within the last
eighteen months; and this notwithstand'ng the
amount of bank notes in circulation has not greatly
increased.                                                                 fi
In 182C, Parliament first authorized the establish-
ment of joint stock banks, with anv number of
partners, at a distance of not less than sixty-five
miles from London. Let us examine the history
of their progress, and we shall find it exactly simi-
lar to our own. During the first seven years-, thir-
ty-four of these banks had been established. la
the succeeding two years and eight months, ending
on the 12th March, 1836, twenty-eight were added
to fh&nuniber. About this time speculation began
to rage; and in April, May, and June, of that year,
they increased at the rate of five per month. Two
of the fifteen banks established witlhn these three
months had each about seven hundred and fifty
partners;—one of them had eleven, and another
thirty-four branches in different parts of the king 
dom. The Edinburgh Review, for July, 1836,
which is my authority for these facts, observes;
" We have reason to think that the rate of this ex-
traordinary increase has been since augmented rather
than diminished. Latterly, indeed, the mania for
joint stock banks seems to have become almost as
prevalent as the mania for railways. It is in fact
hardly possible to take up a newspaper without
meeting with sundry announcements of such estab-
lishments, all, of course, dressed ^p in the most
captivating manner." 'The conjectures of the au-
thoi proved to be correct. I have a statement be-
fore me of the number of joint stock banks in
England and Wales on the twenty-sixth of Novem-
birliist, and they amounted to one hundred and two,
besides an immense number of branches. Thus
it appears that their increase between the 1st of
July and the lGth November, 1836, a period of
less than five months, amounted 10 twenty-five. I
have no later return in my possession.
In .what manner do these banks make the enor-
mous profits which we know they realise? Cer-
t.uuiy not by the issue of bank notes; but by bank
credits, or paper money m another form. Their
notes in circulation in March, 1836, when their
number was sixty-two, amounted to ¿£3,094,025'
sterling. In December, 1836, when their number
had augmented to one hundred and four, their is-
sues Had increased to only ¿£4,258,000, or about a
million and a quarter.
They discount notes and bills, and, instead of
paying out the proceeds in their own notes, they
place th? amount to the credit of their customers
on the books of the bank. These credits then
become deposites, and constitute the capital on
which individuals speculate and trade. They are
transferred from hand to hand by means of bank
checks, which are only another form of paper
money. In large transactions bank notes are
rarely used. A owes B ten thousand dollars, and
has a eredit in a joint slock bank for that amount.
He gives him a check in payment of the debt.
The account of A is charge! with this amount, and
the account of B is credited. Thus ends the tra«s-
astion, without the use of a single banknote.
IT Senators will take up the Treasury report, in
relation to any of the large banks in New York,
they will discover that a very small portion of their
profits proceeds from their issues. The Bank of
America, for example, with a capital of ^2,06*,000,
has but $425,000 of notes in circulation, whilst its
loans and discounts amount to §3,755,000. What
has become of the remaining $3,300,000, the dif-
ference between its circulation and its loans and
discounts? This sum consists of bank credits—
bank deposites, circulating from hand to hand by
means of bank checks, which as well de'serve the
name of paper money as bank notes.
The largest importing merchants in New York
rarely keep anv money in their éonnting houses,
except for incidental expenses. Their heavy bu-
siness is all transacted by means of bank credits
and bank checks.
The amount of bank notes in «irculatio , how-
ever much expanded, must necessarily bear some
proportion to the day transactions—the common
dealings of society, and can not be extended be-
yond a certain point. The amount of bank cre-
dits is not limited by any such rule. All the
great speculations, all the large operations, are
made through their agency.
Qn the 1st of January, 1836, the «Mk Jiotes in
ciráilation   thjiougtioui   outr"  eountry,   almough
