«a
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE^
Oct. 1837.
25th' CoNG....lst Sess.
Making public officers depositories—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
times, as the Secretary of the Treasury may direct."
A joint resolution, which passed subsequently,
transferred this duty, with the power of perform-
ing it, to the Secretary of War, instead of the
Secretary of the Treasury. Under these circum-
stances, the Secretary of War directed the transfer
of the funds, books, and papers of the pension
agency, in the possession of the Bank of the United
States, to the Girard Bank. The president of the
United States Bask refused to comply with this order;
attempted to prove, by argument, that the Secre-
tary was ignorant of his duty, and misunderstood
the law; and, adds insult to disobedience, by say-
iag, "that if the bank'makes the transfer pursuant
to the order, its accounts may be disallowed by the
accounting officers!" Can any one believe this
was the true reason? Could it have been reasona-
bly supposed that the subordinate officers of a de-
partment would disallow a claim arising under the
ord.M- of its head? Whatever may have been the
opinion of the president, or the board of directors,
it was, practically, a refusal of the agent to obey,
and an attempt to control the principal.
To guard the interest of die United States as a
stockholder, and to enable the Government to see
how far. its «geni faithfully performed the trust re-
pesed, the charter expressly provides " that it shall,
af all times, be -lawful for a committee of either
House of Congress, appointed for that purpose, to
inspect the books, and to examine into the proceedings"
of the bank. Yet it will be recollected that, in the
spring of 1834, a committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives, appointed for the purpose, visited Phila-
delphia, and made an attempt, but were denied the
opportunity of making such an examination as
they proposed, and as was contemplated by the
charter. Here, again, was a palpable disregard of
the law of its very existence, and the assumption of
the right to resist ¡he acknowledged oigan nf the
Government This refusal on the part of the offi-
cers of the bank went to defeat the only means
provided to enable the Government to detect vio-
lations of the charter, to arrest the abiiSL- of the
privileges conferred, and preserve its interest.
Did this fiscal agent show its fitness and claim
to oar confidence in ithe transaction of the draft
drawn on the French Government for the first
instalment of the indemnity payable under the
treaty of 1831, when it claimed damages, on its
protest for non-payment, to the amount of about
one hundred and sixty thousand dollars, having in
the mean time in its own hands, employed lor us
own benefit, a much larger amount of the money
of the Government than that called foi in the bill?
In this instance, loo, the bank pursued its usual
course, by making itself the arbiter of its own
cause, withholding :he funds of the Government to
the amount of its pretended claim, and not having
paid thpm over to the present day.
Sir, I ask, can an institution be a safe and pro-
per fiscal agent which has so reptatedly and
recklessly violated the terms of its charter, deiied and
disobeyed the orders of the Government, and ma-
nifested its subordination to no law, but its own
capiicious will? Can that depository be safe,*
which withholds the funds of the Government when
demanded, assumes the right to determine the ex-
tent o£ its own liabilities, and arrogates the power
" to see the laws faithfully executed," to the ex-
clusion of the Chief Magistrate the constitutional
organ, charged with that duty? On the same prin-
ciple, the directors of the brink might have refused
the payment of money, under circumstances of
the greatest possible emergency. They u.iidit have
difiere.t in opinion with the constituted authorities,
in regard to the policy, or justness of a x,ar, or
have determined lhat a had been unconstitutionally
waged, and withhold the means of carrying it on.
Admit the right of any fiscal agent to judge when
it is proper to pay over the funds of the Govern-
ment, though ordered and required by the proper
organ of the Execu.ive, and you at once place
them beyond its control, whatever may be the
exigency.
Even now, as I have been recently informed, the
officers of the bank refuse to furnish the Secretary
of the Treasury detailed statements of the manage-
ment of" the stock, oue-fifih of which belongs to the
Government, in direct violation of  the  fifteenth
fundamental article of the corporation. Thus the
Government is denied information of the condition
of its interest, amounting to seven millions of dol-
lars. It is also understood, that a large amount of
the notes of • this institution (perhaps equal to
$7,000,000 or $8,000,000) are now in circulation,
having, as it is believed, been reissued since the
expiration of the charter.
I beg gentlemen, who imagine that a majority of
the people are favorable to the establishment of a
national bank, to recollect that these transactions are
too recent, and have made too deep an impression
on the public mind, to be so soon forgotten. The
intelligent freemen of this country can never forget
the panic of 1834, when, in the midst of prosperity,
and in a state of profound peace, the late bank and
its friends left no effort untried to agitate and con-
vulse the country from Maine to New Orleans,
for the purpose of extorting from their fears what
was condemned by their judgment—a recharter.
Those of the west and southwest, I am sure, can
never cease to remember the treatment they re-
ceived at the period alluded to, when, after inordi-
nate expansions of its accommodations for some
time preceding, it began suddenly to curtail about
the month ©f August, 1833, and by the month of
March following, had withdrawn from its branches
in the valley of the Mississippi about three mil-
lions and a half of dollars ; and, of this enor-
mous sum, 'nearly one million of dollars was
withdrawn from the branch of the city of New
Orleans alone, the great emporium of all that
fertile region. No period of the year could have
been so inauspicious to the interests of the inha-
tants in that quarter of the Union, for so sudden
and large a contraction of accommodations. It
was the market season for all the products of the
Wesi, and the great staple of ihe South; and such a
siep was calculated to produce, r.nd doubtless did
have, most injurious effects on prices generally.
But, sir, the intelligent and hardy yeomanry of that
great region could neither be cajoled, nor terrified
into acquiesence. Appreciating their constitutional
liberty as above all price, they resisted all the ma-
chinations by which they were sought to be influ-
enced or controlled, with a degree of inflexibility
and moral firmness which would have done honor
to any age, or any country.
Judging from the experience of the past, it seems
to be among the unfortunate and most reprehensi-
ble characteristics of these great moneyed cor-
porations, to intermeddle with the political affairs
of Ihe counfiy. We have the high authority of the
Senator fiom Kentucky, (Mr. Clay,) who was also
a member of the Senate in 1811, that ihe old
Bank of the United States ivas obnoxious to
this charge. In his able and eloquent speech, de-
livered on that occasion against the bank, he made
the imputation, on evidence which he declared
satisfactory to himself, especially as regarded the
exercise of its influence in support of Jay's treaty.
We can not forget that the late Bank of the United
States entered the arena of politics, almost with-
sut the modesty to attempt concealment. Up to
ihe year 1829, when the late President first inti-
mated the inexpediency of rechartering it, the sum
paid for printing had not amounted to a thousand dol-
lars in any one jear; and, in some years, had been
less than two hundred. Immediately afterwards,
however, this item of expenditure began rapidly
to argument aid at the close of the year 1832, (ac-
cord ng to (he memorial of the Government direct-
ors,} for the three and a half years preceding, the
amount paid for printing was about $100,000! One
fifth of this sum (being §20,000) was the money of
the people, expended not for any legitimate object
under the charter, but to prostrate the then admin-
istration, and bring int) power another disposed to
favor its designs, and perpetuate its existence.
What inducement could have prompted a loan of
more than §52,000 to the two editors of a widely
circulating and influential political paper, against
all the ordinary rules of banking, loilhout indorsers,
and a portion of it payable in five annual instalments!
Whatever may have been the motive, the effect was
soon apparent. For a long period before this " fair
business transaction," the paper alluded to had
been "warmly opposed" to the bank; a few
days afteriDurds, if became its apologist, and then
its friend.   These things can not, ought not, to be
forgotten.
Sir, disguised as it may be,the real issue is, bank
or no bank? "Whether, after all the evidence we
have had, we shall renew the " experiment" of
a great national bank, with capitel and power-
sufficient to control the numerous State institu-
tions, and regulate the currency of our whole coun-
try? Ay, sir, to control and regulate the Govern-
ment itself. And what reason have we to suppose-
that another institution, with like powers andl
privileges, would not be equally obnoxious? Have
we any assurance that human nature has
changed in all its principles, and propensities ?
Has man, within the short period of one or two-
years, become less avaricious, less corrupt, or less-
ambitious of power? If gentlemen say, we can
impose new, or additional restrictions—I ask, of
what avail will it be? The charter made the late-
bank the fiscal agent of the Government; yet, in-
stead of subordination and obedience, we have
seen it seeking to control its principal, and violat- -
ing its commands. The charter expressly declared,.
"it should not be at liberty to purchase any public
debt whatsoever;" yet we have seen it secretly, and
in opposition to the instructions of the Secretary of
the Treasury, purchasing a portion of the public-
debt, in the form of 3 per cent, stocks. By the-
Sharter, it was bound, "whenever required," to>
"give the necessary facilities for transferring the-
public funds from place to place;" yet it refused to-
transfer the funds of the Government to the Girará
hank. But I will not fatigue the Senate, by reciting
further evidences of its total disregard of all the re-
strictions imposed by the charter, on the late bank.
It managed to elude the most efficient means pro-
vided to insure a revocation of its charter, on the
ground of its violation, by refusing, as befora
shown, to submit to an examination of the com-
mittee of the House of Representatives, and has
proved, most conclusively, that a moneyed corpora-
tion can be restrained by no compact, however so-
lemn, by no penalties, however severe.
Sir, the power and irresponsibility of such an-
institution were properly understood, and depre-
cated, on the attempt, in 1811, to renew the charter
of the first Bank of the United Statss. . The hono-
rable Senator from Kentucky, (Mr. Clay,) to
whom I have before alluded, in reference to the
capital then contemplated, much smaller, it may.
be presumed, than would now be satisfactory, there
asked—"may not the time arrive when the conceti-
tiation of such a va'l portion of the ciiculating
medium of ihe country m the hands of any corpo-
ration, will be dangerous to our liberties? By whom
is this immense power wielded? By a body, who,
in derogation of the great principle of all our insti-
tutions—responsibility to the people—is amenable
only to a few stockholders, and they chiefly fo-
reigners." The distinguished gentleman also al-
luded, on that occasion, with, great force, to the -
dangerous potency of such an institution, in times-
of domestic or foreign war. How much more ap-
palling would be the power deprecated, if, in addi-
tion to die vast concentration of individual capital,
which would now be expected, it should also be-
come, as desired, the depository of all the treasure
of  he. Government, and its fiscal agent!
Gentlemen have ascribed to a national bank an
efficiency and infallibility which are not supported
by past experience. Neither of the institutions
chartered by Congress was in operation m lime of
war with sny foreign power. Whether, under
such circumstances, they would have had the
ability to sustain themselves, can not now be deter-
mined. We know, however, that in the early
period of the late bank it became much embar-
rassed, was in great danger of stopping payment,
and was only extricated by the great sagacity and
financial skill of Mr. Cheves. We have seen the
United States Bank of Pennsylvania, with as much
capital, and, as it is alleged, a belter charter than it
had from this Government, sink under the pressure
of the times, in common with similar institutions
throughout the country. It is known, too, that
the Bank of England, with its immense capital, and
all the favor that could be conferred by that power-
ful Government, was unable to sustain itself duimg
a period of war, and actually suspended specie
