Oct. 1837.                         APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                 H7
25th Co^G....lst Sess.
lands. The money paid for both v ent m o the banks
for safe-keeping The Treasuiy die i ot w vxt it or
callfontfor paymentof thepi one dues T e banks
loaned it to their customers, 'vho were the payois
for duties and lands. Under these cucutmtances,
and this action of the system, excesses were inevi-
table, and they had visited their consequences
sweepmgly upon the coun'ry and upon the Treasu-
ry itself.
Ought not this state of things to be a lesson to
the wise not to renew a connection which had been
so disastrous to every interest involved? To the
Government and the public Tieasury, as a creditor
of the banks; to the banks, as debtor' to the Tiea-
sury and creditors to the citizens; and to tha people
at large, and especially to the commercial commu-
nity, as debtors to the banks
That the times have promoted over-trading and
over-banking no one will deny, but that the con-
nection between the Government and the banks,
and the forty millions of dollars of surp'us funds in
deposite with them, immensely increased the over-
banking, is equally undeniable. It is not to be ex-
pected that the managers of banks will keep money
without making profitable use of it, when that use
is presented and urged upon them This remark
was not made m censure of the officers of the deposite
banks. Their stockholder0, and tne community
about them, knew that they were in possession of
the funds, and the use would be demanded, nay, he
might say commanded, had the officers of the insti-
tutions resisted. The evil lay farther back It
was in placing andietaimngthe funds m the batiks,
which the immediate calls upon the Treasury did
not require.
The fault of the Government, however, did not
stop here. We passed a law exacting from the
banks lnteie't foi these funds, and tnus not only
sanctioned, but compelled, their use of them 11
their ordinary loans and discounts. Could a bank
keep money, and pay interest upon it, and derive
no interest from its use'' Most certainly not, and we,
therefore, compelled the banks, by our express le-
gislation, topiomole the evils of which we now
complain. We compelled them to loan our money
in their hands for safe keeping, by charging and ex-
acting from them an interest for its use, and thus
stimulated them to increase the excesses of over-
trading and over-banking We furnished them
with a capital ot «em  forty millions of dollars,
and forced their to use it m making loii.s
Can any thing more strongly, in el=aily, show
the impolicy to even interest of any connection of
a financial or interested character, between the local
banks of the country, and the Tieasury of the na-
tion' The imputations cast upon us, as having
caused the pie ent pecuniary embarrassments of
the country, have this justice, and let us discharge
ourselves from similar imputations foi the future
Our real fault has been, not that we have unduly
checked the excesses of the times, but that, in the
outset,-H e promoted the expansions bv the banks
which necessarily led to those excesses, and that
all our eflorN, legislative, and executive, have been
insufficient to avert the catastrophe which has now
come upon the countiy We see our agency m
the mischief, when it is too late for us to apply a
remed) The incidental ldief in our power, vve
have already o(Tered to the countiy, so far as the
action of this bodj is concerned, and now let us
pass this bill, and protect ourselves against oil im-
putation as wrong diers for the future
A further benefit lo the banks, to be derived from
a continuanc of the separation is, that when they
shall win the public confidence by then sound
management and permanent means, thev will
possess and retain it, ^dependent of pub] e patron-
age, independe it of anv action of ihe Fed<n il Go-
vernment, and exempt from tne fluctuations which
congressional kgisUt in 01 ExeeuUe discretion
may otherwise cans" Tins is the description of
public confidence which th«se institutions should
possess and rely upon, an I these s' ould be l's foun
dations. Its own capital, and the mtegr tv aid
ability of its managers, shou'd be the dependence of
a banking institution, not the uncertun find
changing patronage of anv body, much less the
fluctuating and dangerous patronage of Govern-
ments, State or National    A credit founded upon
iftg public officers depositories—M'. IVris,
such patronage must be dduaive. To-i ay y ou
deposite with a bank a million of dollars, to morrow
it extends its accommodations upon the strength of
your funds in its keeping the day following its
favored customers expand thej business, and en-
large their credits; on the fourth day you íequire
your funds, and draw upon the bank for them
Your deposite has given to the bank a false confi-
dence in its means, its extension has giv en its cus-
tomers a false estimate of its ability to indulge
them; their expansion has given to the community
false expectations as to their power of indulgence,
and your call for your money undeceives all, after
Ihe mischief is do"e, the excess commuted, and
just in time to ptodnce the derangement and distress
and suffering which must always, sooner or later,
follow excessive <red *s and mistaken confidence.
The institutions which are 'o furnish to the people
of this country a circulating papei to answer the
put poses of money, ought not to be subjected to
fluctuations of this descuption Their love of gam
ought not thus to be stimulated, and especially by
this Government, which has none but an incidental
contiol over their proceedings They should be
left by us to operate upon their ow n means, to rest
their credit upon then own ability and good cha-
racter, and not upon our funds
But it is said the vvithdiawal fiom the State
banks of   our confidence, countenance   and pa-
tronage, in this  particular, wi'l prostrate ?nd de-
stroy those  institutions, that  ihe attempt to sepa-
rate the finances of this Government fiom them, is.
in effect, a declaration of war against them, which
they can not survive.    Is  this, can   this, be so
Will  any sound and  solvent State  bank f-il, be-
cause the'TTruted Slates does not entrust  to  it the
safe  keeping of the ninney ■, of the people'   Did
the  State Legislatures,  in  cl artcrm™ th^se Mnks,
expect,or mttnd,tha'the r ciedit, orsolvency ,should
be sustained by the legislation of Congres , or the
use of the funds of the Federal Government    If
so, why have they limited and fixed their respec-
tive capitals, and  attempted to set bounds to their
operations'!     Why have they  assigned  different
amounts of capital to different banks, dependent
upon their location and bus ness associations'! Cer
tamly no other answer can begivento these interroga-
tories, than that they intended that each bank should
have a capital  equal to  the wants of the business
community sui rounding it, and that all the banks
of their creation shm'd hive  acielit and ciiifi-
dence with the  people, and shou'd transad tl busi-
ness proportioned to the capitals granted to them
respectively, and not beyond that limit    You, then,
bv making your deposites with these institutions,
destroy the proportions which the State Legisla-
tures have intended to establish and preserve  Your
deposites are teeated as capital by the banks, and
an extension of their loans, and an augu.ne nation
of  their business, bey ond that vv hich then  own
means would allow, is  the necrssm v consequence
of your patronage     Can  tus disposition ol vour
mon"\sfail  to  promote excessive b-uiking?    The
members of the State Legisla* i.es 1 ave a know-
ledge of the business wants of all the pl?ces at
which they locate banks, a. d their object is to mea-
sure the banking capital  at any given po nt bv ihe
wants of business at that point.    When they h?ve
done that,  you come -n with vour deposites, di tri-
bu'ed not upon the basis which governs the State
. L°gislatmes,but according to your own conven ence
for lece.ft or   dr-bursemom     The consequence is,
that you p >ur vour mil I ions into these State institu-
to  s, without  reference to the legitimate business
calls for banking facilities at the points where vour
deposites are made, and  thus dei-mere and desfoy
the  piopoitnns    as to   thes" ficihti s, wl. eh the
loen' Legislatures have determined to bésale and
proner     Ii th.s vva) vour pitronage becomes-in
evil, anl no' a benefit    ItMimul.Ves the rupidi'y
of the banks, an " t^ev, in trra, s„riu ate tl>e c ipi-
ditj, of the business common   / aiound ihem, until
excesses on the pait of all prodi ce ievuls"m, dis-
trts-, and bankrupt
Still it is uiged  th t our withho'd ng this ev 1-
1   dene  of 011  confilence m  the  State  b n\s \   ,¡
des,rov then credit, and prost ate 'he 11 s* tutions
Will anv o-e pietend that the Sta es haveres'c
the ciedit of their banking institutions upon the
\t                                                   Sraate.
patronage 01 confidence of this Government? Ca>i
tnat man be found \< ho will admit that,'as a mem-
ber of the Legislature or his Slate, he lias voted for
banks with the expectation that theyimuSt be
solvent, or insolvent as the pleasure of Congress
shall determ" e? Will not everv  nch man tell
you that he has given to the lanks, wmch he lias
aided to c-eate, a capita' stock upon which its sol-
vency and ci dit with the people is to rest? Ttaí,
with honest ;"d piudent management, each t>a ¿
has within itself, and under its own control, the
elements of its own prosperity, and is not depen-
dent upon vour smiles, or to be ruined by your
Aov, 11s?   This ought to be so, and ts so.
How was n wnh the State banks during the pe'
nod from 1816 to 1836? The Bank of the United
States then enj )yed the exclusive privilege of keep-
ing the pubuc funds, and its notes alone were by
¡aw made tece vable in payment of the public
dues Were ths Sta'e banks discredited, or ruined,
then? Was tint separation between them and the
funds of the Government treated as a war upon
them? a wai of extermination? No, sir. The
operations of these institutions were never more
s'abl" and si'e than during that period, nor did
they ev ei stand stronger m the public confidence
than iben Away, then, with ihe idea that the
solvency 01 credit of the State banks rests upon
our patronage, or favor, or that our frown upon
them is annihilation
He knew that, weie we to withdraw oar confi-
dence from a particular bank, and extend it to all
others, the inference would justly be that we sus-
pected it, soh ency and responsioih'y, an 1 that this
might do it injury But when we separate our-
selves from all banks, Slate or National, and de-
clare our object to be a political as well as a finan-
c al sepiratmn, w 11 it be said that we cast distrust
upon the banks, which will destioy then credit?
Will it be contended that the banks established by
the States have a right to the safe-keeping and use
of the revenues of the nation? He thought not;
and if not, then could the separation of our finances
from them be justly termed a war against them?
No. The position was absurd and unsustainable.
He had no feeling of hostility to the State banks,
but he was not to concede their right to the pos-
session and use of the moneys of the people, lest
they should choose to consider a denial of th' right
an act of hostility. He would go as far as any
man should go 'o pioiect these institutions in the
full enjoy mcnl of all their constitutional and legal
rights, and he would go quite asfsr to compel them
rigidly to fulfil their most sacred obligations to that
confiding people who take their promises to pay
upon demand as money.
In every light, then, in which he could view this
matter, it was his deliberate opinion that the banks
would be benefitted, and not injured, by making
the existing separation between them and the pub-
lic Treasuiy perpetual The passage of this bill,
at tms time, might have some tendency to weaken
the confidence of the community in the institutions;
but it such a consequence must attend this change
ot 0111 policy, could there be a bettei time than the
present to m?ke that change'! Tne banks are now,
ho would not say insolvent, for he did not believe
that was the condition ol any l«tge portion of
them, but unable to pay the demands, upon them.
Th-it fact was avowed bv themselves, and known
to all t''e work! They were in a quasi insol-
vent sute, and a'l the distrust which could grow
ou' of such a condit'on they had brought upon
themselves bv the.r voluntary suspension of
specie pavments It «asm vain, then, to talk of
the del ca-y ot 'tv 11 -vescn' c-eiV. That delicacy
had been di st o\ ed by their ow 11 act, and bcf"rc
they could ever again testar tnem ehes to the
confidence of the cop.imnniij, tiev must be-ound
in fact, ai d ab e to discharge, to the f v'est extent,
evriv iblipation which general disiust could 1 i,ng
against them It was erroneous to suppo e that
they could ever resume anl susta n spec e pav-
n ents, until they were 1! us prepared and thus
prmed Thev must bu.ld up foi the tm Ives a new
character, bi-ed upon a p ifect fjifdment of all
their obligations. If, ihen, we aie to s^arate from
¡hem, and that sepaiation is t~ have any tendency
to affect their credit, this is the ver.- period when H
