\¿$                 _________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,____________Oct. 1837.
2Sth CoNG....lst Ss.ss.                            Making public officers depositories—Mr. Robertson.         __________________H. of Reps.
the Cons uution author z d the Execu'u e t > ap
point only in the ice ss The appointment was to
eoahnoe, too, only •' until the meeting ot the next
Legislature " But the trae had pissed by, vv ilhin
which to mal  it, consequently the appointment
j as void.
The case of Lanman was as little to be relied
on. He was appointed befoie a vacancy , tho igh
it was antic paled that one v ould happen The
ground of the decision could readily be imagined
The Executive of the State was only authorized to
make his app mtmtnt " if vacanc es happened."
No such occurence had taken place, and there
fore the appointment was without authority Lot k
to the consequence  growing out of this doctrine
If an appointmen' could be made befoie a va"ancy,
it might be made at any time befoie Thu* a Go-
vernor, 'kcted simultaneously with a Senator,
might appoint h>s successor, and this, though ihe
appointment- miaht not tik  eifeet foi six y eats to
C >me. This evidently u as the jen und of decís on
In the report of tne case, in a marginal note, it is
said, in itah s, that the appointment had been made
hef ten vacancy liad happened
Mr P. had himself looked into some precedents
T vo had been found which seemeu to be authority
Tae one was the case of Mi Anderson, of Ten-
nessee ; the othei th? case of Mr Smith, of Mary-
land. Both the gentlemen had been membeis of
the Senate, and then lerms had expired h' efflux of
time They were re ippu-nted by their respective
Governors, and were solemnly pronounced to be
entitled to their seats.
There were two more case-. Mr P would allude
t<). He regrdted exceedingly he had not toen able
t) see them Tliey «ere the cases relerrtd to by
the gentlemen from Mississippi, (Me-,sis Gholson
and Claiborne,) in their punted aigurnent V
those cases were properly stucil, ( nd no doubt
tiey weie,) hen heie ucit the opinio is of distin-
guished jurists (Mc^i« Wnt and Tane>, fate At-
torneys Gener. 1) upon the very point They had
solemnly advised theirrespeciive Chief Magúllales
that the Constitution of the United States empow-
ered them to fill original vacancies
So much, said Mr P. for the first branch of the
question. The gentlemen elect are entitled to their
seals.
As to the second branch, Mr P would not dis-
cuss it. There was scarcely a diversity of opinion
about it The Constitution had se tied the ques-
tion The tenure of of! ce wis fi\td to tito yens
and ro povur ' t1 e Goer mo- of \! ss ssippi eim] 1
change o i allei it As well m "In the Piesih it
and Senate of the UnHtd lites, in filing ihe office
of one of the judges a'iemnt to change the tenure
of the office
Mr P. would conclude His remarks had been
desultory. He had --raicely expected to sp ik
upon the subject, and certainly not upon that d j
REMARKS OF MR  ROBERTSON,
Oj  Virginia,
la the House of Jiepiesenlalna, Oclobei   11, 15-37—
On the bill imposing addition-il dutie , as elcpo-
s tones m certain pases, on pu ' c officers
Mr  Chairiua"   As  the  get tkman  fiomSmth
Caiolma (Mr   Leeaie) his declined for  the  pie-
sent occupying the li< cr,  and no othti gent'emm
seems dispose! to  address the  committee, I-nail
myself of Ihe occisión to < sk a shire of its -men-
tion      Before attempting to express my views, per-
mit me, sir  to  advert to an   amendment  which I
had the horor, some two weeks  pist to hv upon
th  table, and which, w ith some modificalu n-, it is
still my wish, at a pioper time, to present.
[Mr. Ror,rR-"soN here requested thit the Cleik
might lead a pail of his proposed amendment ]
My proposition, sir, substantiallv is, that the
public tieasure snail be placed a a special diposUe
m the local banks
Tue bill before us, Mi Chairman, presents fcr
ou>- consideration two questions essentialH distinct,
which, however, seem f-eq cntlv tor founded on-,
as to the medium m which the public di.es -¡hou'd
hi paid, the other as to the manner in w h.ch it
-i vh\l« ' <•) t    rr> •   ne is a quest on of currency
the o'hei of cus oil) meiel)
Agreeing, sir, with mi colleague, (Mi James
M Mason,) that no Got eminent ought to exact
from the people a cmrenc, which the) cannot com-
mand w ill out a heav) sacrifice, I am prepared to
go farther than he i=>. After so strong'y protesting
again t such a policy, he must pardon me for sav-
ing that in insisting, as he does, on specie, or the
notes of specie pay ing banks, he runs countei to
his own doctrine There is but little difference be-
tw een h s scheme indeed, and that of the bill before
us, v Inch he denounces as oppressive The only
diffcience is, thtt he would permit the whole leve-
nue to be paid in notes of specie paying banks,
whereas this bill permit  three fourths only for the
ensuing ) en, gndually diminishing the proportion,
uvi1, at the end of foci years, specie omy shall be
rei eived But at xhu time, and until the banks shall
open t! eir vauhs, both propositions ara equally op-
pressive, fo-ivntii that shall happen, and rom-m can
forete'l thediv.thtiecan bcnonotesofspeciepayi ig
banks, and gold and nher therefore is e\irted by
both To afford anj effectual relief, we must re-
ceive such currei cy as the people can procure,
we should take from them, until the resumption
of spec e piyments bv the binks, srch notes as
they take from eich other, such as the State Go-
vernments leceive in pivment of public duos—pro-
vided thev be not too grcitlv depreciated. If gen-
t'emen en ensttie a speedy resumpl on, it may be
well to ins ton gold an 1 siher, or the notes of
binks vhich pi\ it out, but to exact either at this
li ne, is to be gu lly of the very oppression my col-
leagu  so ,uv]y denounces The onlj remedy for
the evil which lh«e who hive the power,
ptopose to apply, is to be 'bund in the plan
they tove adopted of issuing freasuty notes
T! e mr-nofiet ly of pipei monev just esta-
h ishe 1 m Washington, is 1> afl" id m a cmrency
adejuite t> all etu wans My colleague w no
«npnoned the meisurc, disavows any tesign
ef crei'm^ this luirency uitha view to c cu'<c{te>t
I am gla 1 that he does But the object has been
explicitly ivowed bv main of its friends on th o
flooi. We hive been told bv the Piesident that
eight or ten millions will suffice foi public pay-
ments, and wiih the view of meeting those pay-
ments, we authonze the issue of ten millions m
Treasury note  It only requires authority to con-
unite them m circulation, bv a reissue, to supply
the wh >te uinuil revenue Sbou d this «)stem be-
enn e estiblisVd ill th" chmnHs that lead'o the
'Ireisur) w ill be supplied  nli "i r new paper
monet, and not i dollai oí «peeie, in all probi'-ihtv,
find its mi *o it, exeept w hit miy flow from the
mint Th s is Ihe plin of oui hard money Govern-
ment, and to recoroile us to it, the gentleman fiom
Mir hnd, (Mr McKirn ) by a stiong figure of
speech, calls this paper gold and silver
I do not process to measure the eonseejucees of
this new i«s«e of piper money I believe it to be
c-<leiil ted, if not mteided, to throw discredit upon
the Stale banks, and am unwilling myself to engage
in a viii upon them All the States hive arle pled
the pohev of tonkins Their right to do this none
w II question they have a deep interest in then ie-
specttve banking msi.tuliwns The State lep-e-
sented by myself and col'eagues has nivesltil ¡n
them liei frndsfoi education and internal improve-
ment Under these circumstmces, it is not m out
p'i.cc to read homilies to the State Gov en ments on
the impolicy o' binks, nor lo do an, thing here
mourr presentative chatactt-i, with the v ew of
cupplmg or destioymg them On ihe contrary,
with m our constitutional power, we sliou'd rather
cndeaioi to restore their ciedit and stability
As for that part of the bill which directs m what
cu rencj the public dues shil' be paid in all time
to come, it seems to me unnecessary and pr ma-
tur> We need not legislate in this milter for
posterity, nor even for the next three or four y ears
The present state f the curret cy is such, that we
«hou'd act more wisely to leive (lis question to
those \ ho wnl tome after us, a"d content emrselves
wi h providing foi the present emergency But, sir,
I «are the subject of cuirencv, as one m rejard to
which the Government has already settled ts policy,
and pass on to the other very interesting question
presented by the bill—that relat ng to the custody of
the public monej
The plan which I have had the honor of sug-
gesting—b) no means, hov ever, of originating—
that of spceial'y depositing the publ c funds in the
local banks, is essentially different, not only from
the bill, but also ir >m fhe amendment, of my col-
league, (Mr Garland) It maintains the principle
of separating this GoveniPieni, both in its pecuni-
ary and political concerns, from banking corpora-
tions, which mv colleague's pmendmest, providing
for a general depoMte, does not, and at the same
time «ecures the puohc tieasure fiom the risk to
which die b.ll subjects it, by leaving it in the cus-
tody of indnidtia1  We have already experi-
enced the mu ous censequences of lea\u g the vast
revenues (f the Coyernmem in the banks as a
basis for banking operations TI e pian of sps.
cial deposites, if adopted, udl prevent their recur-
lence for the future , and j rev ent, too, the no less
ser on  evils which may be anticipited from
suffering these immense t-eaviiea to remain
in the hands of our levenue officers There
is evciy reason to fear that those officers
will the.isel.es use the monev, is the deposite
bank  nave done, by way of loan a1 d disccunt, or
be tempted to employ it mpnv^'e speculations.
The ínsfnces of such abuses ne, unfoituna'tly,
but too fiequent I must siy, howeyer, that those
alluded to hy rny colleague, (Mr Garland,) as
having occurred in V rgmiT do not justify the use
he has made of th m to show th?t his p[ari of gene-
ril deposites in bank is exempt fiom danger, for
they occuired under that very system, and not, as
he seems to have sappo'ed, under a system resem-
b'ing v hat is calltd the Sub-Tieasury The same
ma' be «aid of li c almost mnumenblc defaults in
the l\ st Office Still, they prove the difficulty of
resiling temptinon, and the dinger to which the
pu he tieisiue must It alva st'f sel under the
most ;ü neled ugihtion, and it trust be acknow-
ledged, apply with increased force to the scheme
contained in the bill
Theie are but three modes suggested, of provi-
ding 'or the custody of the public money, by pla-
cing -t m bank as agencia", ¿«posite; oras a special
dep< -at- ; or leaving it n *he hands of m i victuals
I prefer the plan of special dep site, but it com-
pelled to select between the bill upon youi table,
and the amendment, imperfect and exceptionable
as it is I must say untquivocall), I will take that
which insures a separation, rathei thin that which
perpetu ites the un-on between the Gov eminent and
the batiks, between politi al powei and montjed
capital I hope, sir, the measi e in its present
shape will net be Ior.c 1 upon us It is because I
Wish the principle to be successfully carried into
practice, tnat I object to a p an almost certain, by
l's failuie, to give a triumph to ib enemies, and
pave the «ay foi a national bank
All agiee, Mr Chan man that a natiora1 bank,
at this time, is inexpedient and urat amable Yet
no one can be so b i d as not to see ihat the fr ends
of such in ins ill t n hive it in -full prospect The
whole co use of the debate duting the present ses-
sion pre ves that they by no means despair of us
u'timate estibhshnie™l Flaboiatc arguments have
been urge I i it i a v ew to forestal public opinion.
I mti t, theief re, s r, a k Ihe ndaUence of the
Committee not to n'er at k np-th into the exami-
nation of a sublet «o tnoioual ) investigate! by
the ablest stilesmen that an mea can scaicely be
presented that h-s not been repeatedly presented
btfore, bit to glance at the grounds upon which it
is uiged, and the reasons which render it the object
with me of apprehension and aversion.
The power to establish a national bank is de-
duced fiom various clauses in the Coi st tution.
jNo cue pietends that it is gramed in expiess
teims, and the variety of sources fiom whence
it ü mfeiied, is a «treng argument against the
pretension "We-re referred to the clause which
authorizes Cor-giess lo tcgu'alc covimetce with
foreign nations and amone; the stietal Slides The
teim tegulate is expounded as synonymous with
facilitóle, and then the grart of power s made
out with-uit difi eul j, for banls, nme will deny,
facilitate commeice, and so, it miy he asserted
with equal truth, do ships, and canals, and roadsj
