Oct. 1837.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
25th Con-g......1st Sess.
Making public officers depositories—Mr. Robertson.
H. of Reps
and the conclusion to which we arrive that Con-
gress may incorporate a bank, is equally strong in
favor of the right to build ships oi incorporate
companies for constructing roads and canals, and
this conclusion, accordingly, Mr. Hamilton and
the federalists have always adopted It leads us
still farthei: for it would justify, as indeed Mr.
Hamilton asserts, the power to incorporate compa-
nies to carry on a foreign trade, and, as may upon
the same pnncip'es be maintained, to incorpórate
companies to cany on agricultural pursuit—lor
commerce is essentially dependent upo i agncul-
ture, and, indeed, cannot exist without it. The
argument that prjvcs alt tnlSj proves too much;
and, piovmg loo much, proves nothing.
But Congress may com money andiegulaleils value,
and, theiefore, may establish a bank. Making
bank notes is not, m the sense of the Constitution,
or in any sense, "coining monej." It «ould be
a reflection upon the understanding of thos^ who
framed the Constitution, to suppose they did not
know the meaning of the teims they used. If to
issue papei be to coin money, then every State oank
has exercised this high prensatire of sovereignly,
and usurped the power exclusively conicired upon
Congiess. Printing or ¡.tomping piper is not
coming, more than a bit of worth'ess paper so
printed oi stamped is rcrlly what the gentle-
man from Marvknd teims it, gold and sil-
ver I will not admit, sir, that bank paper or
Tieasury pap"r is a coinage, but I leai that in
establishing this maniifrotoiy cf paper money, the
friends of State rights have done the very act
which thev denounce They have established a
bank—the waist of all ! inks—a Gov eminent bank.
Let gentlemen turn to the able argument <f Mr.
HamiUon— loi able it unquestionably is—an 1 they
will find that one of h s stionge^f reasons m favor
oí the light to incorporate a national bank is de-
duced lrom the powei, which he contends they pos-
sess, to establish just such a manufactory of
Treasury notes as that which we have recently
created Assuming that power, which he con-
siders in essence the power to engage in
banking operations, he reidtly and plausibly at
least contends, that if to create a batik be lawlul,
it cannot be unlawful to incorporate it. Sir, I will
not say that, but I will say, il it be lawlul to create
a bank, it is wholly immaterial whethei the povter
to incorporate it ex stir not It is toe bankng
principle to which I am opposed, no the mode in
which it shah be earned into puctioe, <u rathei I
would sav, this pouei to engage in banking opera-
tions, is inoie od.ous when exeiciseel directly by
the Govern nent, than when exercised through the
instrumentality of a corputate body. One man
may be abankei, as well as a eorpoiate bod), a
Govern,nent as «ell as an i div.lual Gentlemen
waraganst th" powei o. ín^o.pciation, but tin  real
danger is in the rout r ot banking, an 1 of all the
modes of which diat power can b° e-ceictsed, the
most odious, I repeat, and the most dangerous, .s
that bj its own direct <grncv; m other words, a
Government oi Ti isiuy bank, such -r? we have
justciealel.
Genl'emcn HI us again, thaf all duties must be
uniform, and thai this prov 'sion pie^upposes the
right to establish a national Innk. No, sir, it re-
quires nothing moie léanlo exert the powei vested
in Congress to com money-, and lesadate its va-
lue When this is do e, a'l duties are easily nrde
uniform bv requiting them to be paid in the same
currency, or m other eauiva'euts. It requires no
bank to do teat
There is yet another g ound the plea which
justifies every usurpation—the plea ol necssily
Congiess may make all ¡cms necessary anl ptoper to
catry into effect its ¿ianted peweis and «c are told
that a bank is necesssiy to enable th  Government
to collect and disburse its leienue I deny the ne-
cessity or propriety of such an ins nulion lor stvh
a purpose. That institution can not be íegardrd as
necessary or pioper in the cootcnp ation of the
Consti'ulion, vvhiih did not exist joi yeiis after it
was adopted, withe ut which we conducted m r fls
cal operations fum 1811 10 1816, and fron 1832
tothtpiesent moment. We have the authoiit},
too, of Mi Madison, recently after ds adoption,
uncontradicted, that the power to giant corpora-
tions was applied for, and refused. Itvnuld be a
reflection upon the understanding of the sages who
framed that instrument, to hold that the incorpora-
tion of a bank was necessary and proper, and yet
that all power of incorporating such an institution
was denied.
Sir, to assert the necessity of such an institution
is to fly m the face of tacts, and to endow Congress
with a discretionary power to do whatever thev
may choose to declaie necessary. It is to assume
absolute and unlimited powei.
If the constitutional right of Congress, however,
sir, were undisouted, I should st'll oppose a nation-
al bank as inexpedient I concur, sir, most fully,
with my colleague, (Vlr Hunter,) that the credit
system need1  no artificial stimulus oi, if it does,
that it has no claim to derive its aliment lrom.
the public tieasure I am no enemy to the
credit S3 stem within its legitimate bounds: that
credit which íests upon anticipated letups of
capital or labor, will deserve aid and encourage-
ment; but a ctedit ha ing no such sobd r unda-
tions, leads to fai different results The faoililiei 
affoided by an undue mciease of banking capital,
often tempt those who rest so'ely on boilowed
means, to engage in wild and reckless adventures,
speculations m fancy stocks, in lands viekling no
product, in cmes without a house, harbors with-
out a shipi If the pan bier in these lotteries shoul 1
fail, the loss faHs on the laborer or the capitalist.
If he succeed, it is olten at their expense. H,s
palaces ri^e like exhalations, and he lobs in his
magnificent coach, whi'e the farmer or the mecha-
nic, often with ten times his substantial capital,
can scarcely afford an humble duelling or a one-
h< rse chaise.
But th° gentleman fiom New Yoik (Mr. Hoff-
man) informs us that the credit s\=tem works well,
not, I believe, su, lust ,it piesent. Doubtless it
has worked well, through the aid of the Bank of
the United States, at least m the North, and so
it may again. But what has been its effect
at the South' upon this subject, my friend
from South Carolina (Mi. Pickens) has given
us some interesting details Look back, sir,
to the condition of the South bef e and since
the e.tabltshment of the first national bank,
and you will not fail to be struck with the rapid
advance of the northern Stmcs compared with
the southern. It mav be th I other causes have
C'inspiied to increase the let itive mospeuty of'hp
Is'oith, and depiess the South, But the resuli 's
most ¡striking Vngima, with oi e ot th  finest
haibors in the Union—wi'h three l^rge river^ lead-
ing to the mterioi; rich as she is in *ep:e'-it e and
mineral weahh—is uibntary to the Noith fci most
of the foreign goods she consunv - An 1 is it not
leisonable to suppose tint much of thi  in u* be
attnbu'ib'e to the ^ai sc I have mratie.ne I' "Woud
not ihe ecessaiv effect of such m inst tutinn be to
afford supenor f iciimes to th- s  among whom its
capitil was ]irin<*ipa,ly divided, and lender it im-
jiossible thai me southern meichaut could coma in
comp^t ion with the noithein1
Theie is ano'her and obvioas injury wh cha
natioml bank maj infl'Ct upoa the South. The
aide man v< ho preste4 \1 over the last, hat. boasted,
it is said, of his pow°r, wheacver Le plea? j, to
crush the banking msiilut ons of the States. This
powei—the power matiiatlv to. affect ourpics-
pertty, by sudden expansions oi contiactions of its
loans—mav never be exer ed. Put it is o">e too
dangerous to be enUus'ed with th si whose inte-
rests are not identified with our own Money, su,
it h-'s been olten and wel1 said, is power. We
sh< uld not be satisfied to look at die me'e expe-
diency of the moment1 We shcu'el look lo the lu-
ture, as well as to the past. la all free Staies, col-
lisions may be expected to arise An oppte sive
tariff has once, already, neai v shaken our t' nfede-
racv to its eenlte, and bu u^lit as ti fie v. i_, \ cig"
of civil war. A lest'ess band at the Noith 'ie
even now plotting t' e de^trnc'n n of o ir domestic
msti'utions. We have heard of a Pennsj \\ ama
legion of ten thousand le dj t > drew th - sw ore! at
tha commrnl o the Evectnc Such threats
should not disturb us, but for ene, su, I franklv
declare that I shouM be unwilling the So' tn shou'd
contribute the means  which may be emplo} ed for
her own destruction. A national bank w,as never
a favorite measuie m Virginia. Even in 1316,
though many yielded to the pressure of the times,
a majority of her delegation voted against it, and
in 1791, when the original sin was eommiAted, it
iec- ived the support of but three members of the
entue repiesentation from the south side of (he Po-
tomac. I trust the attempt will never again succeed.
I «ay not this, su, in an invidious spirit, or with
any unkind feelings to the North. But the common
treasuie—the credit of the Government—should
not be made the means of aggrandizing one sec-
tion oí the Union exclusively, sail less made the
instrument ot oppiession to another. It is for these
íeasons, Mr. Chan man, I have no desire to see a
national bank ever re-established. Sincerely ap-
proving the ptinciple which the bill upon jour
table proposes to carry into practice, I would h?ve
it as free as pos^ib'e from all serious objection; that
this Government may be once again, and forever,
separated from any direct interest in the business of
banking corpora'ions, and they cease to have any
influence over the political movements of the Go-
vernment. That principle, as sailed as it has been
by argument and ridicule, every friend of our free
institutions should wish to see successfully adopted.
It is not, as my colleague (Mr. Wise) supposes, a
novel one, originating in an agrarian spirit. It
claims a much loftier origin. It received the
sanction, many vears ago, of Mr. Jeflersor.
Sir, it is not my habit to lean upon the authority of
great names, but it may be reg rded as among
the pvl augutics of the times, that the opmtens of
Mi Jefferson are made the theme of ridicule, while
the ultra federal doctrines of Mr Hamilton are
quoted with approbation in this hall. No man
was ever mors ardently devoted to the cause of
liberty than Mr. Jefferson; few ever possessed a
more \ tgorous or encinal mind, or, more indepen-
dently expressed the opinions he entertained. It is
to htm, as much at least as to any of the great
statesmen of his day, that we are indebted for what
is most valuable m the free institutions under which
we live
But, sir, we need not the aid of his name
to vindícale the principle we maintain. Our own
history gives us proofs that tt is neither a new idea,
nor had its bath in a factious spirit. We need
only go back to the session of 1834 to find it sup-
poited bv men wdiose patriotism and sound repub-
lican punciple  will not be questioned. Eirly m
that session, Mr Gamble of Georgia moved an
inquiry into the practicability of dispensing with
banks in our fiscal operations. Subsequently, when
the deposite bill was before the House, Gen. Gor-
don, then my eolleayue, proposed hispían for what
is n w called the Sub-Treasury Approving the
principie, but believing it imperfect in details, I
h.id he honor of submitting a motion to recommit
the bill, ic\th insti uctions to amend it so as to dispense
u ilk bank agency. On this motion the yeas and
navs n ere called ninety-one members, including
Gen Gordon, himself, and the opposition party
almost to a man, voted m lavor of the motion-
one hundred and fifteen, almost exclusively the
friends e.f the administration, voted against it.
Weir those w ho sustained it agrarians, or actuated
by a spirit of 'ictious opposm n? None will as-
s'it it. For mvself, lean truly say the motion
was made m good f.iitb. It was placd upon
the giounl ot the insccuiity and danger, both
in a pecuniar) an 1 political view, of a connec-
tion be'wecn this Government and banking
corporations On the contiary, the administration *
party derided the proposition; those particularly,
u ho ti n e sine c o cupied conspicuous stations in the
House The piesent Sp«akc«r, then chairn.an of
the Ce m.mttee of Ways and Means, warmly corn-
men led the State banks as every way competent,
a' d worthy of all confidence. The present chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means (Mr.
Cambreleng) also opposed it He has reminded us
ot his speech, in which he said he concurred with
m° in the principle, but d'd not think that the pro-
pel time to assert it Yes, sir, I remember it
well. He , ppioved the pii'cule, but refused
to carry it into pr-ct ce- iu spike in favor oi
the proposat on. and vot"d ac i"st it Tlw
bill  providing for a gaiseral  depo-ite of j ubu?
