Oct. 1837.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
25fh CoNG....l&t Sbss.
Making; public officers depositories—Mr. Cambrelen*.
H* of Heps.
to collect our taxes from the States, and to receive
payment for our public lands in eight-and twenty
different currencies, let them boldly take their
ground, and not erade the question by popular
appeals Let them set the Constitution at defiance,
and offer a premium to every State and Territory
in the Union to depreciate its bank paper, for the
purpose of diminishing its taxes and the price of
the public lands, let them for ever postpone the re-
sumption of specie payments, and disoigamse the
Union. Gentlemen dare not, as a party, take that
ground they know that the revenue must, and will
be, collec'ed in specie, or its equivalent,m a medium
common to all the State  or there is an end of our
present constitutional Union. Sir, as to this ques-
tion ot two currencies, what is it' If bank notes
aie equivalent to specie, the people have two cur-
lencies, and the Government but one
One would suppose, too, we were about to mono-
polise all the com in the country. Why, sir, of
the whole metallic circulation, assumed at eighty
millions, the Treasury would require but a sixteenth
part the banks would have five-and-twenty, and
" the people" fifty millions for general circulation
Even of the five or six millions of com which might
be absti acted irom the general mass, one-half at
least would be represented by Treasury warrantsin
circulation, founded upen the specie in deposite.
Therewouldbeat notimemore than two or three mil-
lions of specie in your depositories in every part of
the Union not represented by these vyarrants. As
to an excess oi surplus beyond six millions, that
will never occur, because Congress will now be
compelled to do what ought to have been done when
the public debt was extinguished they must make
perm?nent provision for guarding against a surplus,
by investing the excess, whenever it is beyond six
millions, and throwing the specie at once into circu-
lation, and then to exhaust such surplus by a gia-
duated reduction of our taxes. This accumula-
tion of specie which excites so much apprehension,
is, m my view, the strongest recommendation of the
proposed measure. It will keep our revenue down,
and avoid the recurrence of a surplus to distract
our councils, and make the States dependent upon
our Federal Treasury. It will be a regulator of
trade fai batter than the foreign exchanges. It
will indicate the approach of over-trading, and not
like the latter, rise after the mischief is done. To
the banks it would be a steady and salutary check,
in preventing the excessive and unwarrantable is-
sues of their credit, by bank notes or otherwise, in
periods of speculation—not for the purpose of cn-
culation, but to furnish fictitious capital, by a mere
exchange of credit for credit, to stimulate excited
enterprise, to abuse credit, and to terminate in re-
vulsions, ruinous to trade, and calamitous to the
laboring classes
The   gentleman   from   South Carolina,  (Mr
Legare,) objects to the measure,  because it would
make "New York the grand market for specie, and
all the rest of the States tributary "     I was happy
to hear that he was not the author of this sugges-
tion.    I hope,  sir, the honoiable   Senator (Mr
Preston,) to whom he refeired, is also not  respon-
sible for its origin, for it is utterly without founda-
tion     I had seen it befoie in an essay ascribed to a
gentleman of South Carolina of great experience as
a statesman, financier, and banker, who has sud-
denly and zealously enlisted against us.   Whether
this objection rests upon the authority of either oi
all these gentlemen, the author oí it evinces a very
1 mited knowledge of the financial operations of our
Government.   What would be thought of a Secre-
tary of the Treasury, who would discharge the du-
ties of his office so absurdly, as to transmit the pub-
lic money from othei States to New  York, wheie
two-thuds of the whole revenue from customs is
collected, and where a large suplus, (except now
when the revenue is every where suspended) uni-
formly exists, beyond the amount required foi ex-
penses m that vicinity"*   His duty is directly the
reverse. The excess oí revenue at New York must
be placed in other States, where it is to be expended.
But, sir, how  is it tiansferred—does a dollar in
specie go foi these purposes, or for Treasury re-
mittances, between dillerent parts of the Union1
Not one.     We may íequire small amounts, as we
always have done, in specie, for complying with In-
dian treaties, and for some of our expenditures
aDroad, but in all the great operations of the Trea-
sury, no ba'ance is transferred from city to city or
State to State in specie. The warrant is issued up-
on the place where an excess exists, beyond what
is wanted there, it is sent to the point of expendi-
ture, and travels through the medium of trade, or
the banks, to the place where the money is deposited,
and the specie is drawn by the bank fiom the de-
pository. So far as the Government is concerned,
the com remains where it is collected, and merely
circulates between the bank and ths depository.
Such is the extent of these specie transfers which
are so alarming to distinguished gentlemen from
South Carolina.
We have now to notice a formidable objection.
It is said we propose to establish a univeisal and
exclusive metallic currency, and in the language
of the gentleman from South Carolina, (Mr.
Legare,) to effect " an absolute subversion of all
credit and all commerce—an utter destruction of
the whole fabric of society." This is indeed, sir,
an age distinguished for discoveries. We have
been for „-j ears endeavoring to secuie through our
federal legislation, a broader basis lor the vast
fabric of credit in this country. Gentlemen have
cordially co operated with us in accomplishing a
purpose almost universally acknowledged to be
necessary to give stability to trade, and solidity to
our tottering banking syitem But when we p-o-
pose a measure calculated to forward effectually
an object so essential to the morals and prosperity
of the Union, they suddenly discover that our de-
sign is to break up the very foundations of civilized
society, to return to " iron-money and black
both"—to absolute barbarism Gentlemen well
know, that whatever may be our abstract opinions
as to the effect of paper money on the morals and
condition of society, no man in this " bank note
age" can expect more than to reform the abuses
of the system. But before they so roughly de-
nounce the principles of those with whom they
a^e politically associated, I would admonish gen-
tlemen to consult together, and come to some un-
derstanding as to what they mean by '• an exclu-
sive metallic currency," and the " destruction of
the credit system." Th° gentleman from South
Carolina, (Mr. Legale,) and the gentleman from
Virginia, (Mr Garland,) considering how hatmo-
niously they act together, have placed themselves
in an awkward attitude before the country. The
foi mergentleman denounces the currency of Prance
as the author of her poveriy, the latter eulogises
it as the soundest m the woild, and recommends it
to us as a model for cur imitation' And now, sir,
what becomes of all the violent denunciations of
the gentleman from Virginia about this monstrous
attempt to introduce an exclusive metallic ent-
rene}? Who had gone be>ond the gentleman
fiom V rgm a' No bank note circulates in France
of a less denomination than five hundred francs,
and the whole amount is but about twenty miluoná
of dollars in paper to four hundred and fifty millions
of gold and silver Is that a metallic cuirency? Is the
credit system destroyed in France' Sir, the gen-
tleman from Virginia will fm I, npon an examina-
tion of his own doctrines, that it will embarrass him
to explain in what essential principie relating to
cun em y he is opposed to the present admi-
nistration
The ge.ttleman from South Carolina may also
discover that his principles arc not so hostile as he
imagines, to the separation of bank and State.
Why, s!r, he admnes the Scotch banking system,
the vtry essence of which is its freedom from all
legislative interference. The union between Par-
liament and this branch ot trade has been long
since effectually dissolved. Trade and not Govern-
ment regulates the quantity of banking capital m
Scotland He seem  struck with admuation at the
splendid results of "the credit si stem" m that coun-
try, and ascribes them to the substitution of paper
for a metallic circulation The gentlemen mistakes
the shadow for the substance. 1 he astonishing
industry and wealth of Scotland, and the moral
condition of her people, are owing, among other
causes, to the absolute freedom she has enjoyed m
banking, the best íegulator of all trades when free
The act of 1708 did not extend to Scotland, she
was n t undu the dominion of  th° "Rank ot  Eng-
land. She bad no gigantie institution to Jbieak
her local banks periodically, and to throw thou-
sands, nay, millions, of laborers out of employ-
ment. Beyond the Tweed, capital, free from all
restrictions, flowed into ihis chatmel, and kept
pace with labor, population, trade and wealth,
and sustained the vast increase of her com-
mercial credits. The banks of Scotland are an
improvement upon the plan of our savings institu-
tions. They have in that country not qnly a large
amount of banking capital, but more than a hun-
dred millions of dollars, drawn from all classes of
society, in deposite upon interest, yielding a profit
to the community as well as to the banks; thus
mutually benefiting the capitalists and the country,
and encouraging frugality and enterprise. Her
" credit s>stem" rests upon a foundation almost as
broad as the whole property of Scotland. Her
stockholders are not, like ours, exempt from re-
sponsibility. The public interest and security are
not, as with us, sacrificed to encourage the growth
«f corporations—of partners not individually liable
for their debts, and not responsible to the country
for their management Her banks are essentially
the guardians of the poor, as well as the regulators
of trade. It is to these circumstances we may
chiefly ascribe the rapid giowth of Scotland, not-
withstanding her disadvantages of soil and climate,
and without the appendage of an impoverished
laboring population, as in England and Ireland It
is wholly immaterial to Scotland what may be the
character of her circulation. She is an interior
province; exchanges do not press upon her¡ Eng-
land intervenes and sustains the shock. Like our
country banks, theirs have little use for specie;
and, like them, they have their " specie fund" in
the centre of circulation. Had she been on the
borders of the British channel, where her toeal cir-
culations would come m contact with the metallic
currency ol the continent, she would have long
since discovered that, however convenient small
notes may be, the imaginary convertibility of bank
notes, into com is but a frail protection to labor, and
a weak foundafion for the credit and contracts of a
nation. Protected by her interior position, as well
as by skilful management, her population has
escaped ¿ome of the consequences of this abuse of
credit.
But the chief object of the admiration of the
gentleman fiom South Carolina was the triumphant
result of the credit system in England.    Why, sir,
nothing can be more unlike than the credit systems
of England and  Scotland, as they were prior to
1826, both in their characters and theirresix'ts   The
one was a system oí despotism, the other of liberty.
The one filled the  country with pauperism, the
other kept Ubor steadily employed, and with pa-
rental guardianship hoarded the small accumula-
tions of the poor.   But it was m England that the
gentleman saw "the grandest work of civilized life
in any part of the world"—the splendid result of
her credit and banking system.   Sir, while lhe
classical and intellectual gentleman from South
Carolina was admiring the Corinthian grandeur of
this proud fabric of  the   credit system, in the
ecstacy of his admiration, he forgot that he was
standing on a vast rum of violated rights, lost in,
his sublime contemplations, he heard not " the ac-
cents of despair,"  noi  the  waihngs of poverty,
uttered by millions who had fallen victims to the
credit sj stem of England.    He had not probably
examined the poor man's record.    He could not
persuade himself to  believe that, amidst all this
bustle, life, and splendor, all this wealth and gran-
deur, be was in a nation of paupers.    He could
see it  all in his   travels  through   impoverished
France with her metallic currency, but not m Eng-
land with her credit and banking system     Well,
sir, here is that record of its results which escaped
the gfntlemau's observation.   Two millions four
hundred and ninety-three thousand, four hundred
and twenty-three famil es " receiving relief not in-
cluded in the returns foi  this year."   But it is ad-
ded, in this work putlislvd by ths L ndon Statisti-
cal Society, "judgirgfrom the results here exhi-
bited,  the paupeii form the greatest pmtion of tlte
xchole population."   Such, Mi. Chairman, is the
foilndatim upon whici rests this "grandest work
of civih/cd life," this triumphant evidence of the
Mi s,ht?s ol the Emdr-h banking and credit «gstem.
