168________________    APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                    Sept. 183?.
35th CoMG....lst Sess.                                          Issue of Treasury Notes—Mr. fíhelt.                                                          H. of Reps.
rency sustained that great people through a w ar tor
existence, with half of Euiope subsidized in the
contest, whilst her commerce and her power ad-
vanced hand m hand to its present mighty consum-
mation. All of these instances are ot past time-
But we have before us now, in the Treasury
drafts lately issued by the Secietary of the Trea-
sury, a strong exemplification of tne effect of re-
ceivabihty m pa) raent of the dues to the Govern-
ment, in sustaining a paper issue These drafts
are drawn upon the deposite banks who have
stopped paying specie; they have been presented and
protested, but being due by the Government, they
are of course receivable in payment of debts to the
Government. Very few of them have been re-
turned to the Treasury, because they are needed
for the purposes of exchange, and are now three
per cent, above the best bank paper in value,
and but two per cent, below specie. They have
thus the reproach, it is true, of being below par—
that is, below the value of specie. Eut I doubt if
this language is coirect when applied to the sub-
ject.t Specie is no longer a portion of the cuirency
It ¡s a commodity for barter, like floor or tobacco,
and ought not to be considered, rather than any
other commodity, as a standard of value for the
currency. If it constituted a portion ot the cui-
rency of the country, these drafts, unless multiplied
beyond the demand, would undoubtedly be of equal
value with specie; because they are needed for an
operation winch specie can not peiform—to con-
duct the exchanges of the country. But, sir, admit
that these drafts are below par, and that the bills
I propose to issue will hkew ise be below par—
where is the mjuiy1 The only effect will be a mi-
tigation of the tariff, and a proportionate íehef to
the-people. The importer will pay less duty by this
depreciated paper to the Government, and will
charge less to the consumer. The Government will
only not collect what it does not want, and w hat, ,n
strict justice, it ought not to uqmre Tb vuusi
evil then undei the paper issue I piopose, «ill thus
be a benefit
Mr. Chairman, there is another aspect m which
the paper I propose to be issued by the Treasury
should be viewed, m relation to the exchange
of the country. I mean its bearing upon the ¡no-
ject of a United States Bank. The great purpose
for which such an institution is needed, is to
equalize exchanges—to afford a general medium of
circulation by which debts can be paid, and money
transmitted from one quaiter ot the Union l)
another without great los* and expense. The lo-
cal banks, if we are to judge from the past, can
not, or will not, furnish such a circulation. The
inconvenience and loss, for want ol such a me
drum, are unquestionably great, and I do not thmk
will be long endured. In countries like England,
or even France, -uheie the capital oí ages has
been accumulated, and the facilities of intercoms
actually bring the remote-it ptits of the countiy
almost into contact, the business of exchanges
may well be carried on without the aid ot mtei-
vention of Government or banks. But, m a
country like ours, young m the accumulation of
capital, and covering such an immense space of
territory, it may well be doubted, it one or the other
of these instruments will not be necessan , 10 place
the exchanges of the counliv upon an easy and
proper footing. By issuing bills receivable in pay-
ment of the public dues, I behove a medium will
exist, which may be made available in the hands of
individuals for all the purposes ot exchange,, and
which will entirelv supersede the necessity ot d
Bank of the United States. To those who believe
that such an in,litution will be unconstitu-
tional—ruinous to the State banks in the process
of bringing it into operation—and dangeicus to the
Jiheities ot the c«uniry when established, this
view ought not to be without weight Here is a
safe, .constitutional, h-nmless, sel (-cortee mg me-
dium, by which ti e dues to the Government may
be collected, the State banks left free to resume spe-
cie payments with all then resources untouched
by the Government, and the gi eat purpose of a
United States Bank supplied. You will also per-
cer.e, that by this system, all the objections which
have hitherto been urged to a Treasury organiza-
tion, by which the Government is separated fiom
j the banks, and its ov. n dues collected, will fall to
the  grou') I.    't is   practicable, beionct doubt,  if
experience is an; te*-i, it is safe, if banks,  xibere
the funds may be specially deposited, are safe, it is
cheap, for a multiplication of officers and chests
and vaults will be unnecessary     Its currency will
be that of the peop e; just that w hieh they most re-
quire—consisting of paper and the precious metals
—either payable into the Trersurv, as the pub-
lic debtor sbill pref i     All the  imputations of
a design,  by this  system,  of bringing  the whole
country down to a hard money cuirency, (an at-
tempt as wicked as it -would be impracticable,) and
of destroying the local banks, are rendered pointless.
Let us now turn, ¡U>- Chauman, to the alterna-
tive scheme before  the committee—that submitted
by the gentleman fiom V'rgima—the exploded pet
bank project    Time,  sir, has set its mark upon
th's system.   The  Government  has  twice  tiled
it, and it has twice failed.    Indeed, so gross and
indisputable  was its failure in 1816, that the con-
stitutionality of the United States Bank, then char-
tered, was based upon the fact, fiat th« Stale banks
were incapable of carrj mg on the fiscal opera-
tions of the  Government, and when, in 1833, the
experiment was again adopti d, its failure was pre-
dicted, and the prediction i a  been realized.    And
ho iv, sir, can it be otherwise  under such a system'
Eight  htradied banks—so  trcl over tventv-six
sovereign Slates, who may  indefinitely  multiply
them—iriesponsible    to    the   Government—irre-
sponsible to each other—having but one pimciple
of conduct, gam—how can stability  and safety for
the Government, m  co inctimi  with such institu-
tions, in any trvmg   >r>ci    no), be expected'    And
look at  their situat o i now.    In New York the
banks have six and a ha't paper dollars out m cir-
culation, to one in specie m their vaults   The banks
of Alabama, nine to one, Boston, =ix to one, Penn-
sjlvama, siv  to  inc, Vngmia, five to one, and in
this situation,   wjt'i   Jul be  e< ulideiu e   >-hat eied,
they nie   jet  to  ,"•>   tniougb.  that ditlicult piocess
(wh chin   .England, in   1^23, pn stratcd  hundreds
of banks,) of irsu -ning sp ue  payments     Many
of dies"   iwnks  i,ii   t   nieak in  the effort  to   re-
sume sper c jaju 'it-,   and  should thmr paper
be leceived mfymi n< - to 'ne Government, or they
be  used  <is  uf-posiuru^  oí the public funds, loss
vi ill be inevitable to the Government.    Now, what
is the  constitutional pimciple upon which alone
the Government can connect itself with these insti-
tutions1    It is  the san.e  upon which the United
States Bank, in  1816, was estabhshtd. That they
aie "nccesNd.iv an 1 piopu ' ¡or the collection of the
levenue and the fiscal opeiations of the Govern-
ment.    But v ill it be contended, can  it be scn-
ouslj ar^ue 1, that the State banks, m their present
s tuation, (throwing  aside all  past experience of
thcr incompetency,) aie "necessary and proper"
lnstiuments for the eo lection of the public re-
venue'!    But it is said thai the Government should
support the banks, even at the hazard of the re-
venue,   because the  banks ate the people,   and
the Government, in sepaiating itself from the banks,
separates itself from i i people    Is this the fact1
Aie the banks the people1    Tney are cotporaljons
established in  the  dtiii_renl  States,  composed of
ceitain individuals who own the stock, and have
put out then íioks beau  ° no niítmí, ioi the notes
of  individuals  bcaitng   ..deiebt     In this way, the
communitv owes  a glut  d-al   to the banks, and
the banks owe a great deal to the community, but
take   the  ag£;rcgite  o"" mutual  indebtedness, and
it constitutes, comparal   e'v,but a small  poition
of  the  whole  capital  oí the  country.    There is
not  one   of  the southern Spates, in vvh'ch  there
are not ten Uhion as a uch paper m the bonds and
notes   of  individuals in existence, as there  aie
bank notes     Whv shot ' I not Congress, then, un-
dei take to legislate toi Ü cs'if noit of this whol  mass
of paper, as well as that of tne banks1 Why should
capita),  vested in  oauv stock, be fostered by con-
gressional legislation, and that vested in land and
stock be fostered by congressional leg.slation, and
that vested m land  and  slaves be unpiotected1
Have we so soon forgot'en the great constitutional
principles upon whiüi we opposed the tariff law s1
It was contended that Congress had a right, inci-
dental to the right of laying duties, to lay them m
1| suchamannei as to have foi their primary object
the encouragement and support of domestic manu-
factures We denied the right, and insisted that
Congress, under the guise oí laving duties for
revenue, had no right to foster any particular class
or interest at the expense of the rest of the confede-
racy. And does not the same principle apply
here1 Congress has a right to lay taxes and col-
lect the dues to the Government; but it has no
right to jeopard the revenue, which belongs to all
the people of the Union, foi the purpose of sup-
porting a peculiar class or interest.
But, sir, are gentlemen sure that a connection
with she Qovsrnaient -will be of any benefit to the
baa&a la the effort to resume specie payments. In
many psits'of the country, m South Carolina for
instance, if "there should be any benefit, it would
be exceedingly small, for the whole amount col-
lected from the customs in that State, for the last
two jears, does not exceed four hundred and thir-
teen thousand dolíais a year. But where the bene-
fits are expected to be great, so nf$st also be the
hazards When these banks resume specie pay-
ments, their paper will not be immediately at par.
Public confidence will not be won, until they have
tested their ability to sustain themselves in this try-
ing position. Until this is proved, their paper
will be below par, and, if receivable in payments
to the Government, will, of course, be eagerly
sought for, to perform this function. In so doubt-
ful a position, what will be the duty of a public re-
ceiver to whom auch bank bills are paid for dues to
the Government1 Assuredly, to cash them m specie
at the counter of the bank. If he did not do so,
and the bank failed whilst he retained the notes on
hand, he would be responsible. Now, will it aid
the banks, in the effort to resume specie payments,
to be obliged to redeem immediately m specie all
their notes which may be received by the collectors
in payment of the public dues1 Let gentlemen
take heed that this com ection of the Government
with the banks, so eagerly sought for, may not be
as fatal to them, as the embrace of the serpent to
Laocoon.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is one other objection,
which, if all others, failed, would be insuperable
with me to any connection of the Government with
the banks—I mean the patronage it gives to the
General Government. lama nulhfier, and will
never consent that more power should ba given to
this Government than strictly belongs to it. Expe-
rience has shown that the tendency of our federal
system is to consolidation—a concentration of all
power, first m the legislative, and then m the
executive department of this Government. It
is strong enough, without being connected with
the money pow<.r oí the country When the con-
nection with the banks was dissolved a few months
since, there were eighty-six deposite banks, being
the leading banks in every part of the Union, un-
der the control of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, when a bank is influenced, it is not merely
the directors, officers, and stockholders, but all
other banks in the same vicinity, and all who are
dependent upon these banks, w ho may be affeclesd.
If wevveie heavily in debt, and laige revenues
were to be collected and deposited, it is impossible
to imagine a better instrument in the hands of a
popular and ambitious man, by which 'he liberties
of the country may be subverted and his power
perpetuated. The Tieasmy scheme I propose for
collecting the revenue of the counTy, when com-
pared with this m the patronage to be dispensed,
is absolutely insignificant. The Secretary of the
Treasury supposes that it will require thirty offi-
cers moie than aie now employed to carry it into
operation, but suppose as many officers necessary
as there were pet banks—eighty-six, a man for a
bank—will not the difference in patronage be im-
mense1    It can not be doubted.
Mr Chairman, neither in the scheme proposed
by the gentleman from Virginia, nor in that which
I have advocated, can I perceive any extensive re-
lief to the country. The peop'e unquestionably are
distressed and embarrassed, but withm the compe-
tency of this Government, limited m its powers, I
can discover no higher or better means of assist-
ance than those I have suggested. Those who
hare been accustomed to look to this Government
