SeptJ^a^_________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             163
25th Cong....1st Sess.                                                   Sub-Treasury.—Mr. Rives.                                                                        Senate.
bequeathed to us by our ancestors; and, when I
see especially the same question presented again
aud a^ain for consideration, and men of the high-
est experience, sagacity, and patriotism, givjng,
under every change of circumstances, their concur-
rent testimony m favor of the utility and advan-
tages of a particular system of administration, I
coiiii ss my mind hows with unreluctant deference
to such a weight of authority.
And now, sir, permit me to say something in re-
gard ¡o the machinery that is proposed to be sub-
st.tuted for the State banks. Can you rely upon
it? Docs it afford any adequate guaranty for the
safety of the public moneys? I say you cannot";
all experience proves you cannot. Look at the
records of your Treasury Department, and see in
how many instances your receivers of public money
i'ul to. pay over, as they are required to do, I he
moneys collected by than. Look at a brief but
mo--t pivgivmt report made on the 2.3d of February,
1820, to this body, by Mr. Crawford, then Secre-
tary of the Treasury. He states the amount lost
t'i the Government by the infidelity of officers em-
ployed in the collection of the public revenue, from
17SÍ) to 1810, at one million and a half of dollars ;
and the losses sustained by the misapplication of
the public money by the officers of Government
employed in disbursing it, he add*, " there can be
nn doubt greatly exceed those which have been in-
< urml in the collection " Here, then, we have on
•'•ggregite loss to the Government from the infideli-
ty of its officers, employed in the collection or dis-
bursement of the revenue, during the first thirty
years of irs existence, greatly exceeding three mil-
lions of dollars! This period, it mii;t be remarked,
too, was one characterized, during the greater por-
tion of it, by extreme simplicity in the organization
of the Government, as veil as by a very moderate
amount both of revenue and expenditure. It must
be borne in mind, also, that the losses sustained
were by the infidelity of officers employed merely
in the collection or disbursement of the public money,
who held possession of it momentarily and in transita
only, till they could hand it over to the banks in
which it was to he deposited, or pay it to the pub-
lic creditors whose claims were to be discharged
with it. But tinder the system now proposed, the-e
officers are to be themselves the depositaries of the
public money, and to retain continuous possession
of it til! called for by the actual expenditures of the
Government. How infinitely would the hazards o(
infidelity and misapplication be increased by such a
state of thing !
With great deference, then, to the honorable
Semtor from Nea- York, (Mr. Wright,) this sys-
tem bai not even the merit of be.--.ig an "untried
expedient." It has been tried, though to a limited
extent, in the operation of this Government hself;
and the bit'er fruits of that partial experiment aie
found in the facts I have just Hated. But, sir, it
has' been/ally tiied in my own State. TheTica-
sury of Virginia was formerly organized on that
principle of pprsona] ¡custody and control of the
p:ibl!c moneys, which is now proposed to be made
the basis of a new system of fiscal administration
here. Without entering into any painful details, I
will only say, that the experiment signally and
mournfully failed; and from that period, the public
moneys have been kept in, and disbursed by, the
banks, under efficient checks against abuse and
misapplication by the public offices authorized io
draw on the public funds; upon which plan the
tinanK'-s of the State have eversince been conducted
willi perfect success. When I consider the iufirnii-
t es of human nature, I am utterly opposed to a
.'•ystem v/luch would, subject it to such cruel trials
as that now proposed must inevitably do. I hope,
sir, my standard of virtue and integrity is not much
lower than that of other im-n, and vet I can con-
ceive that even an honorable man, having a large
sum of public money lying idle in his hands, for
which there was no call in the public service,
appealed to by a friend in'disiress, who-e destinies,
and those of wife and children, might depend upon
pecuniary relief at a critical moment, confiding in
the solemn assurances of that friend that whatever
money was advanced to him should be restored
before there could be any occasion for its applica-
tion  to the  public use—I  say,   sir,  I   can con-
ceive that even an honorable man, thus situated
and thus appealed to, might be prevailed upon,
by the feelings and sympathies of his heart,
to yield from an idle public hoard the means of
salvation and relief to a numerous and interesting
family, and, his calculations upon the return of the
money (thus momentarily diverted) disappointed in
the end, find himself at last a defaulter to his pub-
lic trust. But, sir, the temptations of another cha-
racter, arising out of the necessities or speculations
of the officer himself, having a large amount of
idle funds at his disposal, would be constant, ha-
bitual, and powerful. To ihe.se would be super-
added the danger of misapplication to political
purposes. It often happens that public officers are
zealous and active partisans. Suppose that such
a one had m his hands a large amount of idle pub-
lic money at the moment of a critical election, on
which the continuance of his employers in power
depended, would he not be strongly tempted to use
the funds in his hands to sway the result, and
would there not be the more danger of his yield-
ing to the temptation, as he would naturally rely
on the indulgence of those for whose benefit he
had violated the trust? We are now, Mr. Presi-
dent, to found a system that is to last, and which
may influence, fir good or for evil, the destinies of
the country in all future time ; and consequences
and dangers, however remote or improbable they
may appear to some at the present moment, ought
to be looked Io and weighed, fn this view, I can-
not but fear that the system proposed will be found
both demoralizing and unsafe.
The President, in his message, says, that the
objection to the proposed system, as being unsafe,
must proceed on the assumption ¡hat " a vault in
a bank is stronger than a vau't in the Treasury."
This observation does not seem to me to be well
considered. It overlooks the important distinction,
that if fhe vaults of a bank be despoiled, and the
public money be taken therefrom, the loss is not
that of the Government, but of the bank; whereas,
when the vaults of the Treasury are violated, the
loss falls wholly and exclusively on the Govern-
ment. In the one case, the stockholders of the
bank are interposed between the Government and
the violated vault, (their whole capital being bound
to make good the loss,) whereas, in the other, no
shield is interposed, but the Government is left
naked to the spoiler.
Another most important objection to this system
is the dangerous incsease of Executive patronage
it would bring with it. If [ seem to give way too
much to old republican jealousies, I hope gentle-
men will pardon me. I imbibed them early from
the fathers of our political church, and I cannot
now get rid of them. I have always been taught
to believe that the great danger to liberty is in the
growth of Executive patronage. Every day's ob-
servation of the operations of our Government
confirm- me in ihe conviction that here is the pec-
cant part of our system, and that it cannot be too
closely watched by the vigilance of the people and
their representatives. The bill upon your table,
sir,'for organizing anew fiscal agency, is the latent
germ of a vast growth of Executive patronage,
winch will spread and spread till it overshadow
the land-. If the immense moneyed concerns of
this Government, which have heretofore been
managed through banking nwiuitious, (extending
in number Io sometimes near a hundred,) arc to
be henceforward committed to individual agencies
exclusively, an enormous multiplication of those
agencies will be inevitable. The bill now offered
merely introduces the principle. Let the princi-
ple once receive the sanction of law, aud it must
goon. It will generate a force in itself that will
be competent to carry it forward to a fearful de-
velopment. I was informed, during my residence
in France, that this Sub-Treasury system, which
prevails in that country, embraced there not less
than one hundred thousand officers. Our popula-
tion is already near one-half that of France; and
whether we are not, in time, to have here a
swarm of official locusts, that will bear a corres-
ponding proportion to those that now daiken and
devour, that fair land, may depend upon the issue
of our present deliberations. I repeat, sir, that the
bill upon your table is but the grain of nuvstaid
seed, the least of ail seeds, but when it is grown it
will be a iarge tree, overspreading the land with
its boughs, so that the fowls of the-air, yea,--sir,'
birds of prey, will come and lodge in the branches
thereof.
But it has been alleged by some that there is as •
much, if not more, danger of an increase of Exe-
eutive influence from the employment of banks in -
the fiseai operations of the Government, as from
the new official agencies that are proposed to be
organized, under the absolute control of the Execu-
tive. What, sir, are the banks? Are they not
institutions of the States, created by the States, su-
pervised by the States,and dependent on the States?
A breath of the States has made, and a breath of
the Statescanunmake,them. They are subjected to
the constant surveillance of the State Governments;
and if any thing improper should occur in their
administration, or exist, in their connections, it
would be promptly detected, and as promptly and
vigorously corrected by the authority of those Go-
vernments—the natural and jealous guardians of
of the public liberty against federal influence or
encroachment. How powerless a share of the pub-
lic deposites would be to sway thess insulations, is
strikingly shown by what occurred in my own
State in ihe very origin of the State bank deposite
system. An arrangement had been made between
the Treasury and one of the banks to become the
depository for Virginia, on certain conditions
agreed upon by the parlies. When the arrange-
ment was submitted to a general meeting of the
stockholders, they refused, by a large majority cf
voices, to accept the deposites on the conditions
proposed, and furnished by their decision a conclu-
sive and practical demonstration of the fallacy of
the argument I am now noticing. Gentlemen seem
to me to give a free scope, indeed, to their imagina-
tions, when they gravely compare the influence to
be exercised over institutions like these, made inde-
pendent, too, by the very terms of the law, (which
does not permit them to be discontinued, when once
selected as depositories, except for special reasons
to be laid before Congress,) with that which would
exist over an army of lissal officers, subject to the
unrestrained orders, and removable at the absolute
will of the President.
One of the most alarming and portentous aspects
in the Sub-Treasury scheme still remains to be con-
sidered. To my view it has a squinting, an "aw-
ful squinting," towards a Treasury bank—a bank
under the sovereign and exclusive control of Exe-
cutive agents. It appears from the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury that the contemplated
fiscal agencies are to furnish " a paper medium"
for the community, by "issuing certificates and
drafts payable in specie to bearer or ordsr, and
made receivable for a'l public dues." After des-
earning on the advantages of " this kind of paper,"
lie says: " If the demand for such paper increased,
public and private convenience might be promoted,
and an equal quantity of specie, at the same time,
pre>erved in the country, by reserving for this pur-
pose, from any accumulation in the Treasury, a suf-
ficient sum, and placing it a feto important and con-
venient points, to render a greater number of certifi-
cates redeemable there with the very coin whose
representative they aro intended, and honestly ought
to be." These views of the Secretary are referred
to, and impliedly sanctioned, by the President in
his message. Now, sir, is not this apparatus, to
all intents and purposes, a Government bank ? The
fundamental idea of a hank is an institution which
" issues and circulates a paper credit, founded on
a dpposite of com or other property, which paper
credit is to answer the purposes of money!"
This pioject fulfils svery feature of the definition.
The officers of the Government are to issue a paper
credit m ¡he form of certificates and drafts, founded
on a deposite of specie in the Treasury and Sub-
Treasuries, which paper credit is to answer the
purposes of money, or a general "circulating
medium." It is a remarkable coincidence that this
scheme is the precise embodying of the outline
given by General Hamilton m 1791, of what he
describes and avows to be a 6«n?c—a Government
bunk. Such, I beiieye, is the tendency and virtual
operation of the Sub-Treasury scheme.
I ask gentlemen, then, if they  are willing to or-
