166___________________ARP£ND1£ TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________Sept.   1837.
25th Cong.....1st Sess.                              Making public officers depositories—Mr. Smith.                                                  Senate.
lookrbg~with intense anxiety to this body, both for
mferaiation and relief.
Sir1,1 I attribute this crisis of the country to some-
thing different from the Senator from South Caro-
lina, (Mr. Calhoun,) and, in doing so, I judge by
the times of different events, and by their effects on
the People. I know, sir, the great ability of that
gentleman to argue away our common sense, and
almost irictace us to believe that a thing is not what
is apparent on its face. 1 attribute these embar-
rassments and disasters to the destruction of the
national bank, and the removal of the deposites,
in. the first instance, as the great moving cause. I
caprjpt be satisfied without speaking the truth.
Previous to changing the deposites these difficulties
were unknown ; the exchanges were unobstructed,
and almost without expense; and bank paper was
every where redeemed with specie. But the mo-
ment you said " break down the Bank of the Unit-
ed States," and it became evident that jou would
succeed in its prostration, these evils «ere e\riied,
and banks sprung up, and banking capital increas-
ed all over the country in a manner without a par-
allel m the banking history of this or any other
nation. Your next step was to remove the deposites
of the Government from the United States Bank to
the selected local banks. These deposite banks, so
soon as they íeceived the public revenue, were en-
couraged—nay, compelled—by the Government to
expand their issues , it was expected and required
at their hands before the Government would give
them the use and control of the public rev enue
The vacuum created by the withdrawal from cir-
culation of the notes of the Bank of the United
States was to be supplied by this better currency, as
the People were told. The banks, thus encouraged
and stimulated by Govern ment,e\panded their issues
until the whole country was flooded with their pa-
per ; property of every kind took a sudden rise, ex-
cept the public lands; produce was high, and paper
money as plenty almost as the leaves on the trees
of the iorest. The temptation was too great; 'he
People were seized with a kind of speculating
mama, millions of dollars were diawn from the
banks, and invested m public lands and other pro-
perty , a great demand was created for merchandise
m consequence of the facility with which money
was obtained , and the impoiting merchant, willing
to share in the golden harvest, made large linpoita-
nons, the whole country presented a most flourish-
ing aspect, and the friends of ihe measmcs pointed
with pride and self-gratulation to a'l ihcse ev tden-
ces of prosperity, and rned, " Now who can doubt
the wisdom of oui measures ?"'
In the midst or all this cheer.ng, while the binks
were pursuing the veiy course pointed out to them
by Government, they were met by the cruel Trea- i
sjry cnuilai, the oidei in council, which reouired '
all payments, foi public lands to be made in gold
and silver. Su, what was the consequence of tms
order'' Wbv, sir, it at once created a suspicien oí
bank papei , and that suspicion immediately lan
through the public mmd like fnc thiough a drj
western prairie , it was the tocsin of alarm to the
People; public confidence was soon destroyed ; and
the consequence was, that specie soon commanded
a premium A lun commenced upon the banks by
the holders of their notes; but even this they could
(most of them) have stood, but private depositáis '
became alarmed, and withdievv their deposites, and
hoarded them up, and the final consequence' was
the suspension of specie paymen's. Sn, thus, by
vour own acts, 3 oj ha\ e aggravated the v eiy dis-
aster which you produced, and which, in the first
place, vou ought to have prevented, and, 111 the
second place, to have remedied Tus state ot
things became contagious, and the contagion ex-
tended itself to every country, and to every interest
directly or remotely connected with us, with % vio-
lence proportioned to the intimacy of the connexion
and the quantum of the interest involved The
extent of the injury sustained by the it.suin  of ihe
Tieasury order m council is not to be measured by
its operation on the specie of the country, by divert-
ing 11 from the channels in which the laws of trade
required it to flow, but ¡sy the effect it produced on
the public mind prejudicial to the credit, currency
and business of the nation. Su, from Ihe first mo
ment I saw that order, I had no doubt of the ap"
proach of the final catastrophe. The banks, pres-
sed on the one hand by the Government, and by
their depositois and the holders of their notes on the
other, were wholly unprepared and unable to stand
up. I contend, sir, that the Government stimulated
the banks to the unwarrantable expansion of their
issues, in the first instance, by hei measures, and
then by her counlcr-pohcy, produced the catastro-
phe which followed. I presume these measures
were adopted from patriotic moüv es ; but, sir, can
there be a question as to their wisdom 1
It is admitted bv all, that the revenues of the
Government must be collected and disbursed ; and
that, m order to perform this opeiation, fiscal agents
must be employed The great question, then, sub-
mitted to us, is, what shall be that agent"> That
we may decide that question, Mr. President, with
all the lights of experience and reason before us,
it seems necessaiy to recur to the past policy of the
Government. I do not ihis, sir, for the puipose of
criminating or reproaching other  who have differ-
ed fiom me on this policy—fai, very far, from it.
I íecur to A as a matter of histoiy ot past events,
that should not be losito the statesman oí the piesent
time, while anxiously seeking for the irue position
of the vessel ol state, and for the best means of ex-
tricating her from hei perilous situation. The
People want to be placed in a < ondmon that the}
can pursue their various avocations with safety
The matters connected with this bill should be
finally and forever decided, not to be disturbed
without good cause • for it would be better for
the People to know what they have to depend
upon, though it might not appear at first so bene-
ficial to their interests, than to be eternally deceiv-
ed and deluded by "experiments" and "expedi-
ents," only proving that, even in these days, there
are men who are "rich in promises, but poor in
perfoi manees " Sir, the fiscal operations of this
Government hav e been, for a great portion of the
time since the adoption of the Federal Constitution,
aided by a national bank. The first institution of
the kind was established under the administration
of, and appioved by, President Washington, the
father of his countrj. It passed a Congress com-
posed of a large number of the very men who
formed onr glorious Constitution. I mention this
fact foT the puipose ol answering an objection to a
national bank, founded on these positions • fiist, that
it is unconstitutional, secondly, anti-republican,
and dangeious to liberty. I hear these objections
urged from all quarters, by the politicians of the
present dav Do these gentlemen suppose that
the fiamers ot the Constitution themselves did
not know v hit powers were m'ended to be given
by that instrument, 01 that they would so reeen*-
lv alter its adoption wanton y violatp its pro-
visioni? Or, can Ihe' believe that ihtse pptrots
an I sages would have udeptjd a measure anti-
republican, and dangeious to liberty, so soon
after they had crowned themselves with unlading
laurels, in that glorious stiuagle which ended in the
pros'ration of regal power, and the establishme.it of
of these iree institutions undei which we live, at
once the eivy of monarchs and pude of freemen 1
After this bank had d'scharged the duties assigned
to it for the term of i(s charter, the local banks
were tried, fairly tried, and proved wholly ineffi-
cient to d'scharge the duties which the United
States Bank had peiformed and the Government
v;as compelled to ask for the chartei of another
national bink. This call was responded to, favor-
ably, by almost the entire demcciacy of the nat.on,
ari by many who had voted against the old bank
The act was approved of by that great apostle of
c institutional libertv, Mr. Madison It subsequent-
ly received the approval of the highest judicial tri-
bunal 111 vour counlrv, deciding the question of
constitutionality—that great jurist, Chiet Justice
¡Marsha'I, on the bench. Sir, is this question of
constitutionality nevei to rest? It has been decided
m every wav known to the Constitution. Why,
then,disturb it'
I have said, Mr. President, that a great part of
the tipie the Government has existed, she has used,
as her fiscal agent, a Bank of the United States ;
and, let me add, up to the day of the removal of
the deposites, not one dollar was ever lost to the
Government, from any mismanagement on the part
of this agent. Her revenues were received and
disbursed, in every part of the nation, with a
promptness and safety almost incredible. The do-
mestic exchanges of the country were aided, to the
entire satisfaction of all concerned. The currency,
the vital principle of industry, was sound, astonish-
ingly sound ; all of the banks redeeming their notes
on demand, with specie. Sir, it may safely be sa.d,
that no People ever befoie had so safe, so uniform,
and so convenient a circulating medium. It was
exactly suited to the enterprise of the American
Peop'e—a mixed currency; a paper currency, con-
vertible into the precious metals, at the will of the
holder. I would to Heaven, Mi. President, thai
we had just such a currency at this time, in lieu of
the deranged cuculating medium which has been
forced upon us, by the mistaken policy of the late
Administration. But, is this all? No, sir. The
fiscal agent of the Government, the Bank of the
United Slates, not only it scharged all these duties
to the Government without the loss of a dollar, but
it actually paid to the Government the sum of $1,-
500,000, as a bonus, foi the privilege. Why, then,
why, let me ask, did the Government abandon this
agent; give up the bonus, which was increased to
$3,000,000 by the act which parsed Congress, and
met the veto power of the President, give up the
benefits arising fiom a sound and wholesome state
of the exchanges and currency, and ask to be de-
livered from that union'2 Sir, I was opposed to
that divorce ; fiist, because I thought the old mat-
ron a mainstay in the family , and, secondly, be-
cause I could not discover any of the predicted ad-
vantages that were to arise from the new alliance
with the local banks I viewed me matter then, as
those who are asking for a divorce from that union
seem fo view it now , and gentlemen will excuse
me if I cannot have much confidence in the new
" expedient " of those who, like the present Execu-
tive,with a full knowledge of the results of foimer
trials of the State bank system, still urged it upoi
the American People as altogether entitled to their
confidence and regard. I was somewhat sur-
prised to see the open avowal of the President, in
his message, read to us a few days ago. He says,
" Local banks have been employed foi the deposite
and distnbution of the revenue at all times, partial-
ly; and, on thiee different occasions, exclusively •
first, anterior to the establishment of the first Bank
of the United States; secondly, m the interval be-
tween the termination of that institution, and the
charter of its successor, and, thirdly, during the
limited period that has now so abruptly closed.
The connexion, thus repeatedly attempted, proved
unsatisfactory on each successive occasion." Then
why did they íe^ort to it again 1 They openly
avow, and admit the fact, that it (ihe "experiment")
had been tued twice iefoie But there are two
simple facts, admitted by the President, that to me
speak volumes 1  favor of the wisdom nf a Wash-
ington, a Madison, and their cotemporanes, m es-
l.Wishing a national bank; they aic these- that
even the most despeiate of the officers of the army
that has been emplojed in the war against the bank
while living, and agamst its ghosi since its decease,
cannot say—has not dared to say—that it had not
at all times discharge 1 its fiscal duties with fidelity;
and, secondlv, it is admitted that the operations of
the Government became obstructed, m each case,
when the Batik of the United States was dispensed
with as a fiscal agent ot the Government.
I come now, Mr. President, to speak of the bill
befoie the Sencte, krown here as the divorce bill.
I was opposed, as Í have told vou, to the original
divorce, I was still more opposed to the object of
your then choice , and had 1 been here, 111 the name
of ray country I would have forbidden the banns.
But, yon married, and I now find the groom, and
nearly all the wedding guests, in favor of another
divorce Sir, upon principles of common law, you
are not entitled to it, vou winked at—nay, mora,
you seduced your bride from the path of virtue;
and you ought not to be allowed to take advantage
of jour own wrong. But, sir, I am ready to con-
fess that I am much more opposed to the object of
your third union, than I am to a separation from
the darling of your second choice.
Sir, this sub-treasury scheme of divorcing the
Government irom the banks and People 1?, m my
