170
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept., 1837.
25th Cong....1st Sess.
Making public officers depositories—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
whole prevision in a great measure nugatory, if,
when Congress had established a coin for currency
and circulation, it should have no power to main-
tain it as an actual circulation, nor to regulate or
control paper emissions designed !o occupy its
place, and perform the same functions that it
would on the coinage power alone; and on a fair,
and just, and reasonable inference from it, there-
fore, I should be of opinion that Congress was au-
thorized, and was bound, to protect the commu-
nity against all evils.which might threaten from a
deluge of currency of another kind, filling up, in
point of fact, all the channels of circulation. And
this opinion is not new. It has often been ex-
pressed before, and was cogently urged by Mr.
Dallas, the Secretary of the Treasury, in his re-
port in 181G. He says, " whenever the emergency
occurs that demands a change of system, it seems
necessarily to follow that the authority, which was
alone competent to establish the national coin, is
alone competent to create a national substitute."
But the Constitution does not stop with this
grant of the coinage power to Congress. It ex-
pressly prohibits the States from issuing bills of
credit. What a bill of credit is, there can be no
difficulty in understanding by any one acquainted
with the history of the country. They had been
issued at different times, and in various forms, by
the State Governments. The object of them was
to create a paper circulation ; and any paper,issued
on the credit of the State, and intended for circula-
tion from hand to hand, is a bill of credit, whether
made a tender for debts or not, or whether carrying
interest or not. Is it issued with intent that it
shall circulate from hand to hand as money, arid
with intent that it shall so circulate on the credit
of the Stale ? If it is, it is a bill of credit. The
Slates, therefore, are prohibited from issuing paper
for circulation on their own credit; and this pro-
vision furnishes additional and strong proof that
all circulation, whether of coin or paper, was
attended to be subject to the regulation and con-
trol of Congress. Indeed, lhe very object of esta-
blishing one commerce for all the States, and one
money for all the States, would otherwise be liable
to be completely defeated. It has been supposed,
nevertheless, that this prohibition on the Stales has
n'it restrained them from granting to individuals,
or to private corporations, the power of issuing
noles for circulation on their own credit. This
power has long been exercised, and is admitted
to exist. But could it be reasonably maintained,
looking only to these two provisions, (that is to say,
to the coinase power, which is vested exclusively
in Congress, and to the prohibition on the Stales
astaiust issuing ,their own paper for circulation,)
that Congress could not protect its own power, and
secure to the people the full benefits intended by
and for them against evils and mischiefs, if they
.shi ti Id arise, or threaten to arise, not fiom paper
issued by States, but from paper issued by indivi-
duals or private corporations? If this be so, then
the coinage power evidently fails of a great part of
its intended effect; and the evils intended to be
prevented by the prohibitions on the States may all
arise, and become irresistible and overwhelming in
another form.
But the Message intimates a doubt whether this
powi-r over the com was given to Congress to pre-
serve the people fiom the evils of pappr money, or
only given to protect tbeGo\'ernment itself. I can
not but think this very remarkable and very strange.
The language of the President is, "there can be
no doubt that those who framed and adopted the
Constitution, having in immediate view the depre-
ciated paper of the confederacy, of which five hun-
dred dollars in paper were at times equal to only
one dollar in coin, intended to prevent the recur-
rence of similar evils, so far at least as related to
the transactions of the new Government." Where
is the foundation for the qualification here expres-
sed? On what clause, or construction of any clause,
is it founded? Will any gentleman tell me what
there is in the Constitution which led the President,
or which could lead any man, to doubt whether it
was the purpose of that instrument to protect the
people, as well as the Government, against lhe
overwhelming evils of paper money? Is there a
word or particle in the coinage power, or any other
power, which countenances the notion that the
Constitution intended that there should be one mo-
ney for the Government, and another for the peo-
ple; that Government should have the means of
protecting its own revenues against depreciated pa-
per, but should be still at liberty to suffer all the
evils of such paper to fall with full weight upon
the people? This is altogether a new doubt. It
intimates an opinion, which, so far as it shall find
those who are ready to adopt and follow it, will
sap and undermine one of the most indispensable
powers of the Government. The coinage power
is given to Congress in general terms; it is altoge-
ther denied to the States; and the States are prohi-
bited from issuing bills of credit for any purpose
whatever, or of any character whatever. Can any
man hesitate one moment to say that these provi-
sions are all intended for the general good of the
people? I am, therefore, surprised at lhe language
of the Message in this particular, and utterly at a
loss to know what should have led to it, except the
apparent and foregone conclusion and purpose, of
attempting to justify Congress in the course which
was about to be recommended to it, of abstaining
altogether from every endeavor to improve or main-
tain the currency, except so far as the receipts and
payments of the Government itself were concerned.
I rppeat, sir, that I should be obliged to any friend
of the administration, who would suggest to me on
what ground this doubt, never expressed before,
and now so solemnly and gravely intimated, is sup-
posed to stand Is it, indeed, uncertain, is it mat-
terof grave and solemn doubt, whether the coin-
age power itself, so fully granted to Congress, and
so carefully guarded by restraints upon the States,
had any further object than to enable Congress to
furnish a medium in whichtaxes might becollected?
But this power over the coinage is not .the
strongest nor the broadest ground on which to
place the duty of Congress. There is another
power granted to Congress, which seems to me to
apply to this case, directly and irresistibly, and that
is the commercial power. The Constitution de-
clares that Congress shall have power to regulate
commerce, not only with foreign nations, bvt be-
tween the States._ This is a full and complete grant,
and must include authority over every thing which
is part of commerce, or essential to commerce.
And is not money essential to comnv'ree? No man,'
in his senses, can deny that; and it is equally e'ear,
that whatever paper is put forth, with intent to cir-
culate as currency, or to be used as money, imme-
diately affects commerce. Bank notes, in a strict
and technical sense, are not, indeed, money; but,
n a general sense, and often m a iegal sense, they
are money. Thcv are uibstaniially money, be-
cause they perform the functions of money. They
are not, like bills of exchange or common promis-
sory notes, mere proofs or evidences of debt, hut
are treated as money, .in the general transactions
of society. If receipts be given for them, they are
given as for money. They pass under a legacy, or
other form of gift, as money. And this character
of bank notes was as well known and understood
at the time of the adoption of the Constitution as it
is now. The law, both of England and America,
regarded them as money, in the sense above ex-
pressed. K Congress, then, has power to regulate
commerce, it must have a control over that mo-
ney, whatever it may be, by which commerce is
actually carried on. Whether that money be coin
or paper, or however it has acquired the character
of money or currency, if, in fact, it has become an
actual agent or instrument in the performance of
commercial transactions, it necessarily iherehv be-
comes subject to the regulation and control of Con-
gress. The regulation of money is not so much an
inference from the commercial power conferred on
Congress, as it is a part of it. Money is one of
the things, without which, in modern times, we can
form no practical idea of commerce. It is em-
braced, therefore, necessarily, m the terms of the
Constitution.
But, sir, as will be seen by ,the proposition which
I have stated, I go further: I insist that the duty of
Congress is commensurate with its power; that it
has authority not only to regulate and control that
which others may put forth as money and cur-
rency, but that it has the power, and is bound to
perform the duty, of seeing that there is established
and maintained, at all times, a currency of general
credit, equivalent in value to specie,~adapted to the
wants of commerce and the business of the,people,
and suited to the existing circumstances of the
country. Such a currency is an instrument of the
first necessity to commerce, according to the com-
mercial system of the present age; and commerce
cannot be conducted, with full advantage, without
it. It is in the power of Congress to furnish it, and
it is in the power of nobody else. The Stales can
not supply it. That resource has often been tried,
and has always failed. I am no enemy to the State
banks; they may be very useful in their spheres-,
but you can no more cause them to perform the
duties of a national institution, than you can turn a
satellite into a primary orb. They can not main-
tain a currency of equal credit all over thecountry.
It might be tried, sir, in your State of Kentucky, or
our State of Massachusetts. We may erect banks
on all the securities which the wit of man can de-
vise; we may have capital, we may have fund^,
we may have bonds, and mortgages, we may add
the faith of the State, we may pile Pelion upon Ossa,
they will be State institutions after all, and will not
be able to support a national circulation. This is
inherent in the nature of things, and in the senti-
ments of men. It is in vain to argue that it ought
not to be so, or to contend that one bank may be
as safe as another. Experience proves that it is
so, and we may be assured it will remain so.
Sir, mine is r.ot the ruthless hand that shall strike
at the State banks, nor mine the tongue that shall
carelessly upbraid them with treachery or perfidy. I
admit their lawful existence; I admit their utility in
the circle to which they properly belong. I only
say they can not perform a national part in the
operations of commerce. A general and universal
accredited currency, therefore, is an instrument of
commerce, which is necessary to the enjoyment of
its just advantages, or, in other words, which is
essential to its beneficial regulation. Congress has
power to establish it, and no other power can esta-
blish it;' arid therefore Congress is bound to exer-
cise its own power. It is an absurdity, on the very
face of the proposition, to allege that Congress
shall regulate commerce, but shall, nevertheless,
abandon to others ihe duty of maintaining and re-
gulating its essential means and instruments. We
have in actual use a mixed currency: the coin cir-
culating under the authority of Congress, the paper
under the authority of the States. But this paper,
though it fills so great a portion of all the channels
of circulation, is not of general and universal cre-
dit; it is made up of various local currencies, none
of which has the same credit, or the same value,
in all parts of the eountry,.and therefore the^e
local currencies answer but very loosely and de-
ficiently the purposes of general currency, and of
remittance. Now, is it to be contended that there
is no remedy for this' Are we to agree, that the
Consli!ution, with all ils care, circumspection, and
wisdom, has, nevertheless, left this great interest
unprovided for? Is our commercial system so
lame and impotent? Are our constiiutional provi-
sions and our political institutions so radically de-
fective? I think not, sir. They do not deserve
this reproach; and think it may now be easily shown
that, that under all administrations, from General
Washv gton's time down 10 the 3d of March U t,
the Government has felt and acknowledged ils obli-
gation, in regard to the currency, to the full extent
in which I have stated it, and has constantly endea-
vored to fulfil that obligation. Allow me to £o
back to the beginning, and trace this matter down
to our times a little in detail.
In his first speech to Congress, in 1789, having
just then assumed his new office, General Washing-
ton recommended no particular subjects to the con-
sideration of Congress; but in his speech at the
opening of the second session, he suggested the
importance of a uniform currency, without distin-
guishing coinage from paper; and this body in its
answer, assured him that it was a subject which
should receive its attention. Recollect, sir, at that
time, that there were Slate banks having notes in
circulation, though they were very few. The first
Bank of the United States was established at the
third session of the Congress in  1791.   The bill
