Sept. 1857.                       APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE                              183
.-----------r_—.-------------------------,—,—....—... ■■-—.1.—. ii—i. it   ,-.....■------------------------------------------------------------------------_—.------------------,----------------------------------------------,_______________________, .,________________,________________,____________._                                  ■-- ■      .    . .  t  ....      -?--,,„..-,                 | lt
25th Cong....1st Sess.                                  Making public officers d'positories—Mr. Clay.                                                        Senate.
fled connexion of Government banks, of which the
principal will be at Washington, and every sub-
Treasurer will be a branch. The Secretary is au-
thorized to draw on the several sub-Treasurers in
payment for all the disbursements of Government.
No law restricts him as to the amount or form of
his drafts or checks. He may throw them into
amounts suited to the purposes of circulation, and
give them all the appearance and facilities of bank
notes. Of all the branches of this system, that at
New York will be the most, important, since about
one-half of the duties is collected there. Drafts
on New York are at par, or command a premium
from every point of the Union. It is the great
money centre of the country. Issued in convenient
sums, they will circulate throughout the whole
Union as bank notes, and, as long as confidence is
reposed in them, will be preferred to the specie
which their holders have a right to demand. They
will supply a general currency, fill many of the
channels of circulation, be a substitute for notes of
the Bank of the United States, and supplant, to a
great extent, the use of bank notes. The necessities
of the People will constrain them to use them. In
this way, they will remain a long time in circula-
tion ; and in a few years we shall see an immense
portion of the whole specie of the country concen-
trated in the hands of the branch bank—that is, the
sub-Treasurer, at New York, and represented by
an equal amount of Government paper dispersed
throughout the country. The responsibility of the
sub-Treasurer will be consequently greatly increa-
sed, and the Government will remain bound to
guaranty the redemption of all the drafts, checks,
or notes, (whatever may be their denomination)
emitted upon the faith of the money in his custody,
and, of course, will be subject to the hazard of the
loss of the amount of specie in the hands of the
sub-Treasurer. If, in the commencement oí this
system, the holders of this Government paper shall
be required to present it for payment in coin, with-
in á specified time, it will be found inconvenient or
impracticable to enforce the restriction, and it will
be ultimately abandoned.
Is the Senate prepared to consent to place not
only all the specie that may be collected for the re-
venue of the country, at the will of the President,
or; which is the same thing, in the custody of per-
sons acting m obedience to his will, but to put him
at the head of the most powerful and influential
system of Government banks that ever existed1?
It is said, in the message, that Governments not
bound to supply the country with the exchanges
which are necessary to the transaction of its busi-
ness. But was that the language held during the
progress of the contest with the late Bank of the
United States 1 Was not the expectation held oat
to the People that they would be supplied with a
better currency, and with better regulated ex-
change 1 And did not both the late President and
the Secretary of the Treasury dwell, with particu-
lar satisfaction, in several messages and reports,
upon the improvement of the currency, the greater
amount in exchange, and the reduction of the rates,
under the operation of the State bank system, than
existed under the Bank of the United States 1 In-
stead of fulfilling the promises then held out, the
Government now wraps itself in its dignity—tells
the People that they expect too much of it; that it
is not its business to furnish exchanges; and that
they may look to Emope for the manner in which,
through the agency of private bankers, the com-
merce and business of its countries are supplied
with exchange. We are advised to give up our
American mode of transacting business, through
the instrumentality of banking corporations, in
which the interests of the rich and the poor are
happily blended, and to establish bankers similar to
the Hopes, the tarings, the Rothschilds, the Hotin-
gners, of Europe; houses which require years or
ages to form and to put in successful operation,
and whose vast overgrown capitals, possessed by the
rich exclusively of the poor, control the destiny of
nations and determine the fate of empires!
Having, I think, Mr. President, shown that the
project of the Administration is neither desirable
nor practicable, nor within the constitutional power
of the General Government, nor just ; and that it
is contrary to the habits of the People of the United
States, and is dangerous to their liberties, I might
here close my remarks; but I conceive it to he the
duty of a patriotic opposition not to confine itself
merely to urging objections against measures to
promote the general prosperity, brought forward by
those in power.   It has further and higher duties to
perform. There may be circumstances in which
the opposition is bound formally to prevent such
measures as, in its judgment, are demanded by the
exigency of the times; but if it has just reason to
believe that they would be unacceptable to those
who alone can adopt them, and give them effect, the
opposition will discharge its duty by suggesting
what it believes ought to be done for the public
good.
I know, sir, that I have friends whose partiality
has induced them to hope that I would be able to
bring forward some healing measure for the disor-
ders which unhappily prevail, that might prove ac-
ceptable. I wish to God that I could realize this
hope; but I cannot. The disease is of such an
alarming character, as to require more skill than I
possess; and I regret to be compelled to fear that
there is no effectual remedy but that which is in the
hands of the suffering patient himself.
Still, under a deep sense of the obligation to
which I have referred, I declare that, after the
most deliberate and anxious consideration of which
I am capable, I can conceive of no adequate reme-
dy which does not comprehend a National Bank as
an essential part. It appears to me that a National
Bank, with such modifications as experience has
pointed out, and particularly such as would limit
its profits, exclude foreign influence in the govern-
ment of it, and give publicity to its transactions, is
the only safe and certain remedy that can be adopt-
ed. Thf great want of the country is, a general
and uniform currency, and a point of union, a
sentinel, a regulator of the issues of the local
banks; and that would be supplied by such an in-
stitution.
I am not going now to discuss, as an original
question, the constitutional power of Congress to
establish a national bank. In human affairs there
are some questions, and I think this is one, that
ought to be held as terminated. From several de-
cisions of Congress affirming the power, the con-
currence of every other department of the Gov-
ernment, the approbation of the People, the con-
currence of both the great parties into which the
country has been divided, and forty years of pros-
perous experience with such a bank, appear to me
to settle the controversy, if any controversy is ever
to be settled. Twenty-two years ago, Mr. Madison,
whose opposition to the first Bank of the United
States is well known, in a message to Congress,
said:
" Waiving the question of the constitutional au-
thority of the Legislature, to establish an incorpo-
rated bank, as being precluded, in my judgment,
by repeated recognitions, under varied circumstan-
ces, of the validity of such an institution, in acts of
the legislative, executive, and judicial branches of
the Government, accompanied by indications, in
different modes, of a correspondence of the general
will of the nation; the proposed bank does not ap-
pear to be calculated to answer the purposes of re-
viving the public credit, of providing a national
medium of circulation, and of aiding the Treasury
by facilitating the indispensable anticipations of
revenue, and by affording to the public more dura-
ble loans."
To all the considerations upon which he then
relied, in treating it as a settled question, are now
to be added two distinct and distant subsequent ex-
pressions of the deliberate opinion of a republican
Congress, two solemn decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States, twenty years of suc-
cessful experience, and disasltous consequences
quickly following the discontinuance of the bank.
I have been present, as a member of Congress,
on the occasion of the termination of the charters
of both the Banks of the United States; took part
in the discussion to which they gave rise, and liad
an opportunity of extensively knowing the opin-
ions of members; and I declare my deliberate con-
viction that, upon neither was there one-third of the
members in either House who entertained the opin-
ion that Congress did not possess the constitutional
power to charter a bank.
But it is contended, that, however indispensable
a Bank of the United States mav be to the restora-
tion of the prosperity of the country, the President's
opinion against it opposes an insuperable obstacle
to the establishment of such an institution. It will
indeed be unfortunate if the only measure which
can bring relief to the People, should be prevented
by the Magistrate, whose elevated station should
render him the most anxious man in the nation to
redress existing grievances.
¡1      The opinion of the President which i< relied
upon, is, that contained in his celebrated letter to
the Hon. S. Williams, and that which is expressed
in the message before us. I must say, with all pro-
per deference, that no man, prior to or after his
election to the Chief Magistiacy, has a right to
say, in advance, that he would not approve of a
{articular bill, if it were passed by Congress. An
annunciation of such a purpose is premature, and
contrary to the spirit, if not the express provision
of the constitution. According to that instrument,
the participation of the President in the legislative
power—his right to pass upon a bill—is subsequent,
and not previous, to the deliberations of Congress.
The constitutional provision is, that, when a bill
shall have passed both Houses, it shall be present-
ed to the President for his approval or rejection.
His right to pass upon it, results from the presenta-
tion oí the bill, ana is not acquired until it is pre-
sented. What would be thought of the judge who,
before a cause is brought before the court, should
announce his intention to decide in favor of a
named party 1 Or of the Senate, which shares the
appointing power, if it should, before a nomination
of a particular individual is made for an office, pass
a resolution that it would not approve the nomina-
tion of tint individual t
It is clear that the President places his repug-
nance to a Bank of the United States, mainly upon
the ground that the popular will has been twice
"solemnly and unequivocally expressed" against it.
In this, I think the Presidcntis mistaken. The two
occasions to which he is understood to refer, are
the election of Gen. Andrew Jackson in 183'2, and
in his own election in 1836. Now, as to the first,
there was not, before it took place, any unequivocal
expression of the opinion of the )a:e President
against a national bank. There was, in fact, a con-
trary expression. Jn the veto message, President
Jackson admitted the public convenience of a bank;-
stated that he did no: find in the renewed charter
such modifications as could secure his approbation,
and added that, if he had been applied ¡o, he coukí
have furnished the model of a bank that would
answer the purposes of such an institution. In sup-
porting his re-election, therefore, the People did not
intend, by the exercise of their suffrage, to deprive
themselves of a national bank. On the contrary, it
is within my own knowledge, that many voted for
him who believed in the necessity of a bank quite as
much as I do. And I am perfectly persuaded that
thousands and tens of thousands sustained his re-
election under the full expectation that a national
bank would be established during his second term.
Nor, sir, can I think that the election ot the pres-
ent Chief Magistrate ought to be taken as evidence
that the People are against a bank. The most that
fairly can be asserted is, that he was elected, ihe
expression of his opinion in the letter to Mr. Wil-
liams notwithstanding. The question of the elec-
tion of a Chief Magistrate is a complex question,
and one of compensations and comparison. AH
his opinions, all his qualifications are taken into
consideration, and compared with those of his com-
petitors. And nothing more is decided by the Peo-
ple than that the person elected is preferred amongst
the several candidates. They take him as a man
takes his wife, for better for worse, with all the good
and bad opinions and qualities which he possesses.
You might as well argue that the election of a
particular person to the office of Chief Magis-
trate implies that his figure, form, asd appearance
exhibit the standard of human perfection, as to con-
tend that it sanctions and approves every opinion
which he may have publicly expressed on public
affairs. It is somewhat ungrateful to the People to
suppose that the particular opinion of Mr. Van Bu-
rén, in regard to a Bank of the United Stales, con-
stituted am-, much less the chief recommendation
of him to their suffrages. It would be more honor-
able to him and to them to suppose that it proceeded
from his eminent abilities and his distinguished
services at home and abroad. If we are to look
beyond them and beyond him, many believe that
the most influential cause of his ejection was the
endorsement of that illustrious predecessor, m
whose footsteps he stands pledged to follow.
No sir no: the simple and naked question of a
bank or no Bank of the United States, was not mi'd-
mitted to the People and "twice solemnly and
unequivocally" decided against by ihcm. I firrrdy
believe that if such a question were now sub-
mitted to them, the response of a vast majority
would be in the affirmative. I hope, however, that
no bank will be established or proposed, unless there
shall be a clear and undisputed majority of the Peo,
