192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOJBE.
Sept 1837 
25th Cong....1st Sess.
Making public officers depositories—Mr. King:
Senate.
warmly applauded byhis friend near hitri, (Mr.
Strange.) We were told that though expedient, we
should not make this State bank a depository, " be-
cause it would be a triumph over the Government!"
What Government? The "Government" at the
Hérmrtage, or the Government at the White
House? These Governments were both, to be sure,
inimicalto the present State bank, because they did
not Eke Mr. Biddle, its president, who was former-
ly president of the national institution. But what
hadth'e Government had to do with the present
State institution? He had supposed, until lately,
that' the "Government meant the legislative power,
as established by the Constitution; and if the peo-
ple, through their representatives, according to the
forms of the Constitution, should deem it expedi-
ent to make any State institution a depository, it
would be no objection with him that either the ex-
President, or present Executive, was supposed to be
ininiieal to one of its officers. I do not propose (said
he) fo make this institution a depository, and no-
body has proposed or thought of proposing it, so
far as I know. Why, then, this war-whoop against
it?. To show our devotion to the supposed Execu-
tive will? "A change, what a change," has been
produced in the tone of American feeling by these
violent encroachments and recent triumphs of the
Exeeutive over the Legislative authority, in rela-
tion to the finances! All eyes are turned to the Ex-
ecutive. The spirit of our fathers has fled. The
blood of '76 has run out. Sir, there have been
moré gray hairs brought upon the head of our
youthful and vigorous Republic m the last four
years, than ought to have grown upon it in one en-
tire century of quiet and peaceful administration,
with the constitutional co-operation of the legisla-
tive departments.
My friends need not be astonished at the freedom
with which I express these sentiments. They be-
lieve with me; they have acted with me. We have
vainly stood up together against the will of the Ex-
ecutive. Our efforts have been impotent. We
have been trampled under foot.. The Executive
has had his way, and we see the result. I only
wish my friends to join me in taking a firm stand to
teaelvthe Executive that his friends arc to be con-
sulted in measures of such immense importance
to the people as those by which our finances have
been ruined. I have no idea of deserting them, sir;
they need not apprehend that. I am only expres-
sing freely sentiments I and they have entertained,
and not very carefully concealed. I am a party
man, sir. All I am as a politician I was made so
by parly. I have no sympathies with any other
party except that with which I have always acted,
and by which I have been hsnored. I respect my
political opponents as my fellow-citizens, living
under the same laws, subject to the same Govern-
ment; and equally honest and patriotic with my-
self. But I differ with them in some of'the essen-
tial and fundamental principles upon which our
Government should be administered, and have no-
thing to ask, and nothing to expect from them.
I am a democrat, a real democrat. I do not make
the profession ad captandum; I fear it is becoming
rather unpopular; but my early habits and youth-
ful associations made me so. In fact, the senti-
ment was planted in my heart by nature,cultivated
by education, and approved by reason. I believe
a democratic Republic to be the most philosophi-
cal government, and best calculated to develop the
energies and sustain the dignity of man, so long as
the people have sufficient intelligence to qualify
them for self-government. I, therefore, abhor ty-
ranny and irresponsible power in every possible
form in which it can be presented; whether it be
presented in the hypocritical garb of republican
homespun, or tinselled over in the glittering trap-
pings of royalty. I go for a strict construction of
the Constitution, limited Executive patronage, and
an economical administration of the Government;
and you will never find me here, sir, with demo-
cracy and economy upon the lips, and tyranny and
plunder in the heart. " I bonow no false liveries
from heaven to serve the devil in."
Mr. K. after some further remark?, concluded
this branch of the subject, by saying that he had
full confidence that the President, when some pre-
sent difficulties were removed, would administer
his department with wisdom and patriotism, and
he hoped and expected to be able to give him his
feeble .support. But he just wished to tell him
now, that if he intended " to tread in the footsteps
of his predecessor" in trampling on the legislative
authority, in ihe management of a subject of all
others of the most importance to the people, he
should feel it his duty to jostle him out of them.
He never would consent, he said, to surrender the
finances to the exclusive control of the Executive.
If we did this, we should share the fate of every
other nation who had submitted to Executive finan-
ciering: we should first become a nation of beg-
gars, and then a nation of slaves.
Mr. K. said he had been led on to a length alto-
gether unexpected to himself, and he feared tire-
some to the Senate. Several other topics had been
suggested by the remarks of other gentlemen, that
he would like to touch, but he would dispense with
them, and come to a conclusion, after a few words
more upon the bill and amendment under conside-
ration. As to the separation from the State banks
as depositories, he conceived that a matter of no
great consequence, if in the details we could pro-
vide safety to the money, and guard against too .
much patronage and expense. But the bill he
thought imperfect and obscure on both these points.
And when we had passed the bill, we should have
but little idea of what we had done.
As to the amendment proposed, which restricted
the receipts of the Government to gold and silver,
he could never consent to think of it, without hear-
ing from his constituents, so long as specie is not
the common currency, used by the people in the
business transactions of the country. They are
never prepared with a currency not in common
circulation, and would often and truly be reminded
of the Reman quaestors, who were in the habit,
among other acts of tyranny, of demanding parti-
cular kinds of money for the purposes of extortion.
Here, 11,000 specie gathereis, demanding a cur-
rency not furnished the people by their own
States, or by the ordinary circulation, will give'
them more trouble than all their other pecuniary
transactions, and, being different to the demands
made upon them for State taxes, will give to the
Federal Government an alien character of tyranny
and and oppression. "He could not conceive, he
said, of 'a measure better calculated to give to the
Government of the Union the appearance of a
foreign Government, and alienate the affections of
the people fr.im it, than the measure proposed.
But, we are told that the Government only de-
mands the constitutional currency, and therefore
only asserts a right. This is true, sir; but is it the
part of practical wisdom to exert all the power we
have, and assert all the rights we claim? Every
man has a right to demand specie at all times for
every sale he makes, and for every debt due him.
But suppose every body were to do it, whilst paper
is the common currency, what would become of
the country?
Suppose all the merchants of a single city were
to suddenly demand specie for all dues from their
customers for sales made, and to be made, they
would only assert a right: and yet what would be
the result? The effect would be such upon their
debtors and dealers, that thay would probably mob
the merchants out of the city. You propose that
the Government shall do that with the people which
people dare not do with each other. Look at the
conduct of the people towards the banks ever since
they have stopped payment, and specie is at a large
premium: do they assert their rights, though they
have every inducement to do so? I will refer to
my own State as a strong argument to dissipate
theoretical beauties by practical consequences.
There the banks are by law compelled to pay 18
per cent, on a refusal to pay specie. They are
good and every bill-holder could get his principal
and his 18 per cent, in specie, if he were to demand
and insist on it. No man of capital could make
so pood an investment as to get a large sum in Au-
gusta bank bills, make a demand, and hold them
till the bank resumes specie payments. Yet no-
body does this; and why? Because they are all
friendly to banks ? Not at all, sir. it ts because
they are frightened at a view of the consequences, and
yield their own to the interests of the community.
They know that if-specie is forced from the banks,
the banks will have to force it from the merchants
and the merchants from the planters and the great
mass of consumers; and, before the matter wound
up, its effects would be equal to the confiscation of
one-third of the property of the country.' • The la-
borious and industrious classes constitute the
debtor class, which are much the most numerous,
and much the most needy. On this class the sacri-
fice would ultimately fall. The benefits would ba
confined to a few creditors, capitalists, and money-
lenders. And the measure you propose (said Mr.
K.) will operate precisely in the manner I have
described, though perhaps not to the same extent.
It will do to talk about and speak about here, and
some people may think well of it, whilst they think
it is only going to put the merchants to a little
trouble; but when they find, from experience, that
the merchants are only their factors, and the opera-
tion falls on them, they will be prepared for a more
practical view of the subject.
Mr. K. said he was, to be sure, opposed to the
banking system, particularly its abuses. 3ut the
people had established it, become accustomed to it,
and it now' seemed necessary to their business and
prosperity; He saw no reason or expediency in
taking atfay the discretion, of the Secretary of the
Treasury to receive the notes of specie paying
banks when they resume, disburse them for Go-
vernment purposes at the points where collected;
and call on the banks for balances, when neces-
sary for transfers of the Government funds from
the points where collected, to the points where
needed.
Mr. K. here commented upon the estimates which
the Senators from Missouri and North Carolina
had put upon current bank bills, and the losses
which the bill-holders had sustained by the sus-
pension'of specie payments. They seemed to esti-
mate the actual Value of a bank bill by the propor-
tion which the specie in the vaults of the banks bore
to the aggregate of circulation and deposites; as
though the banks had no other means to pay their
liabilities but specie. In this way the Senators
make out the loss of the people by the banks to be
immense. Could there be any advantage in pro-
pagating errors so palpable? As a practical ques-
tion, so far from the bill-holders having lost, they
had generally gained by the suspension, Mr. K.
here discussed the nature and purposes of money.
Money, said he, represents commodities. Its uses
are to command' them at pleasure, and circulate
them wiih > convenience. Whatever answers this
purpose, answers the purposes of money. Its value
depends on the quantity of commodities it will
command, and this again depends on the relation
which the quantity of money bears to the quantity
of commodities.
The active circulating medium has been' greatly
reduced in quantity since the suspension, not only
by withdrawing specie from circulation, which has
become a commodity; but by a reduction of bank
paper, and hence it is that currentbankpaper «snow
much mare valuable than gold and silver was before the
suspension, ivhilst the whole currency, both paper and
specie, was depreciatedby its redundant quantity. Are
the passions and prejudices of men to be
wrought upon when their senses may direct them?
Do we not know as an admitted fact, that current
bank bills are more valuable now than before the
suspension? Let me ask one of these suffering
bill-holders what he wishes to do with his money
which he held at the time of the suspension? Does
he owe a debt? If so, his creditor will be glad to
receive it, and expects nothing else. Does he wish
to buy provisions for his family? If so, he gets
them cheaper than he could before the suspension
of specie payments. Does he wish to buy real
estate or stocks? If so, he can get thcrri from
30 to 50 per cent, cheaper than he could before the
suspension of specie payments. In short, there is
no purpose for which money is used, for which bills
are uot now more valuable to the holder than before
the suspension, whilst ihe whole currency was depre-
ciated by its quantity, except for the payment uf a
foreign debt. Those, then, who clamor most about
their losses have lost nothing, but generally gained.
The merchants sustain the whole loss that is sus-
tained, for they receive it from their debtors at par,
