DIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 1837.
Making public officer? depositories—Mr. Niks.
Senate.
-    194
25th Cong.... 1st Sess.
gone past, and still thought he was then right; but
fro  circumstances which have since occurred, he
believed the order had had a salutary influence
It has not only kept specie in the country, and
saved the western banks, but it had secured one or
two millions for the uses of the Treasury, which
had been an essential aid to it, m the crisis it had
gone through. The Secretary foresaw the coming
storm, and some weeks before the explosion took
place, sent circulars to the deposite bank  in the
We t, requmng them to keep their specie for the
use of the Treasury; and a large sum has been
conveyed across the mountains for that purpose.
The Senator says Mr. N. approves of the Treas-
ury circular, for its operation m preventing the
exportation of specie, and condemns the Eank of
the United States for measures which pieiented
the exportation of specie. In reply to this, Mr. N
said, that as a general or permanent rule, he was
opposed to all interference, whether by Go\ ei nment
or by bank?, with the course of trade, and was
opposed to all measures intended either to encou-
rage the importation of specie, or to discourage its
exportation But there were exceptions to general
principles; and at a peculiar crisis, when the credit
and paper system of two great commercial nations
had. oeen greatly and unduly extended, and both
Were apprehensive of an explosion, and the ques-
tion was, which should explode, the sudden abstrac-
<ion of specie, which sustained the floating mass of
paper, might be attended with the most serious
consequences. It was otny in this view of the
subject, that he regarded the Treasury circular, as
having had a favorable influence in pre ver ting the
exportation of specie.
Mr. N said he would allude only to one topic
more. The Senator said that Mr N. and the Se-
nator from North Carolina (Mr Strange) had ap-
proved and endorsed the leasons assigred by the
President in his Message ¡or the revulsion which
had overtaken the country Mr. N. said he had
in his speech barely alluded to that subject, with-
out going into an examination of us merits He,
however, did approve, then and now^ of the b'ieí
but very clear and satisfactory exposition of the
causes of existing embarrassments contained in the
Message. He would readily endorse that portion
of the Message, notwithstanding the strong con-
demn, turn of the Senator. The gentleman having
read this portion of the Message, remarked that this
might be all very well; that he knew ot but one
objection to it, and which was, that there was not
one word of truth in the whole statement This
was certainly very strong language, but Mr JN
supposed it was only the gentleman's peculiar
mode of backing his inends.
Sir, what is tins statement, which is thus sum-
marily despatched by the gentleman's hostile wea-
pons 1 Is there any thing new er extraordinary in
if! Does the President pretend to have made any
wonderful discovery, or to have looked deeper into
the causes of our difficulties, than other intelligent
individuals 7 The general cause which he assigns
is the natural, the ordinary cause of commercial
revulsions, he might almost say that, with the ex-
ception of some extraordinary causes, such as
" war, pestilence, and famine," it was the only
cause ot such embarrassments. The general cause
assigned was over-trading, over-action in every
department of mdustiy, and an undue exttnsjon
and abuse of credit. These causea are said to be
induced by a great expansion of the paper medium
Is not the statement, so far, correct i Has there
not been over trading, speculation, and gamblii g,
of eiery kind, in the foreign trade and the domestic
tiade, in wild lands and city lots, in stocks, in
eiery thins1 Are not these facts universally ad-
mitted 1 Are they denied by any one—by the Se
nator himsr'f? He (Mr N) did not understand
that they were And has there not been an exces-
sive and alarming expansion of the paper medium i
This is equally notorious, and cannot surely be con-
troverted by the Senator, for he has himself stated
that the currency had, within a few years, increased
200 per cent. In this important fact the Mes-
sage is impregnable. "Well, what is there, then, in
ihis exposition of the President, which should call
forth fuck a bo\d and daring assault? What is
tneie in the statement which should have provoked
such a despeiate thrust of the gentleman's deadly
weapons1 Whyjsn, the President says that this re-
vulsion has not been confined to the United States,
that it has prevailed in England, and, to some
extent, in all the commercial countries m Europe;
and from this he infers that the causes have been
similar, that the spirit of over-trading has been rife
in England as well as in the United Stales, and
induced there, also, by an expansion of the cur-
rency. In all this, we are told, the Message is en-
tirely at fault There is not one particle of truth
here, says the Senator There has been no expan-
sion of cunency m England, no over-trading, no
speculation, no distress or commercial embarrass-
ments; no failures, every thing has gone «n quietly
and smoothly. There has been no Treasury cir< u-
lars there; no distress for money, John Bull has
been at his* ease, whilst Jonathan has been in
trouble; Englishmen, under a more wise and bene-
ficent Government, have been prosperous and con-
tented, whilst the poor Yankees have had to suffer.
Such is the picture which the Senator drew of
the condition of the two countries. He would not
say that it was a fancy sketch, it was only an in-
stance of the Senator's command over facts, but he
would say that he did not think there was ever but
one similar picture diawn before, and that was the
Senator's own descuption of that hardy and merito-
rious class of settlers, the squatleis, who were trans-
formed from an honest race of pioneers, into a pre-
datory banditti, who stole their lands irom the
United States, and their provisions fiom the In-
dians.
But is it really so, that there has been no failures,
no distress in England1 He (Mr N ) had really
supposed there had been He had read some of
their periodicils, from penny papers to stately quar-
teilie", and of different politics, whig and lory, radi-
cal and conservative, and all, he had supposed, ad-
mitted the existence of serious embanassments and
distress, whilst they attributed them to very different
case But the Senatoi says that there has been
no expansion of the papel currency in England, or
no to exceed one and a half pel cent whilst in this
country it has expanded two hundred per cent.
This last statement was another instance of the
Senatoi's power ever facts. He knew not where
the gentleman got his information, or on what data
the statement was based By the report of the
Secietar/of the Tieasury, it appears thit in 1834
thue was about eighty millions of paper currency ;
and li  his report last December, he states the paper
currency at one hundred and twenty million",
nhich would be an inciease oí a little o\ er forty
percent. This was a small inaccuracy, although,
peihap^, hardly worth printing
As íespects the expansion in England, the gen-
tleman had iead statements from which it appeared
there had been little or none, if they rested on good
authority He had heard the statements with great
surpnse, as he had supposed the fact was othei-
wise. In all the English publications he had seen,
the expansion seemed to be admitted and univer-
sally regarded as the cause of the commercial diffi-
culties, and the only dispute appeared tobe where
the blam" belonged—one paity charg ng it to the
Bank of England, the other to the joint stock banks
One thing was certain, and that appealed from the
statement read by the Senatoi, theie has been a
great increase of the issues ot the joint-stock banks,
amounting to some three millions of pounds, or
near hfteen millions oí dolíais. The enrrenev of
these banks is very frail, and -very diflerent irom
that of the Bank oí England , and what may have
been the disturbing effect ->f this large increase of
a weaker paper medium, and corresponding dimi-
nution of a better c trrency, he was not financier
enough to sa\
But does the statement read by the Senator prove
that there has been no inciease of the paper encu-
lation m England which has occasioned over-
trading' Is mere no other paper but the bills of the
Bank of England, and the private banks, and the
joint-stock banks1 Is there not another description
oí paper, commonly called commercial paper,
which would have perhaps the same tendency to
stimulate oyer trading? Are there not bills of ex-
change and acceptances issued by the great bankers,
which form a sou of commercial currency?   And
would not the expansion of this have a direct ten-
dency to over-action in trade1 What had caused
the explosion oí the three great American houses—
the three W's which had had faded for two or
three millions each? Had not these houses ex-
panded their paper and credit to a moot dangerous
and ruinous extent1—.foi it had proved their ruin.
The enormous extension of commercial credit by
these houses, was the pr nripal cause of our exces-
sive importations, and the derangements of our fo-
reign trade. Thus trade had been stimulated by
credit, and carried on by ciedit, and this credit was
principally in England Sir, steam has been re-
garded as a powerful agent, and one of the great-
est discoveries of modern limes, but a much more
powerful agent has of lite been discovered, wh'ch
is credit, factitious, artificial credit The expan-
sive pon er of credit is vastly be; ond that of steam:
it is almost as uncontrollable, and as boundless as
thought. Yet even ckidit, that most subtle of all
agents, has its limits, and he thanked God it was
■>o. It it had not, credit would destroy all proper-
ty—all faith—all honesty, and would overwhelm
society in one indiscriminate lum If there had
been no excess of credit m the form of currency m
England, there had been a rapid enlargement of
commercial credit.
But the Senator says there has been no over-
trading in England What' no over trading '
How is this1 Theie has been over-tiadmg m the
United States, and that m our foreign trade, to the
amount of more than sixty millions, and this trade
has been prmcipallv with England Here are two
great commercial nations, and, in the commerce
between them, one has largely ovei-traded, and the
other has not ovei-traded at «ill It sterns, accord-
ing to the gentleman's logic, that the trading has
been all on one side We have imported to ex-
ce s, but England his not exjiorted to e\cess, we
have bought sixty millions more goods than we
ought, but they hai e not sold any more than to
supply the usual demand He had always sup-
posed that, in the intercourse between two nation ,
if one parly had traded to excess, the other had
necessarily traded to excess also, if one had im-
ported to excess, the other had exported to excess.
Where the fault lay, which party was most to
blame, or which had acted most rrshly and impru-
dently, was anotWr question. So far as respects
their trade with America, which, he believed, com-
prised more than one-fifth of the w hole commerce
of England, it was certain that country had over-
traded, and he believed m the India trade there
had been a like excess, for the latger houses en-
gaged m those tv.0 blanches of tiade appeared to
suffei most. As to in'ernal trade, all aciounts he
had seen agreed that a spirit of speculation and
gambling m stocks, and every kind of property,
real or ímagmaiy, has been as rife m that country
as m the United States This part of the Presi-
dent's statement, Mi N tncught, had a little more
than one particle of tiuth in it
But the Senatoi informs us that there has been
no distress m England, and that on this point the
Message is entirely mistaktn. Well, how does he
J make this out1 Why, he siys tnat England is
! the cieditoi country, and America the debtoi coun-
try, and, therefore, the eommucial revulsions have
not occasioned distress there, the debtors have been
in distress, not the cieditors Is this correct1 If
debtors fail and can not pav, do not creditors lose
their debts1 and does not that occasion d stiess1
In times of general commercial embarrassments
and bankruptcies, it migl t be difficult to say
which suffered most, debtois or creditois, he be-
lieved, howe\er, that creditors, generally, had the
worst of it The Senator often lllus'rites his sub-
ject by throwing in an anecdote, and he (Mr N )
would give him one applicable to this question
It was well known that that extraoidmary man,
Challes J. Fo.i, was leryimprovident, and usually
involved over head and ears in debt His father,
Lord Holland, once remonstrated with him on the
subject, and, after inquiring something into his pri-
vate affairs, observed that he w ondered how he
could sleep ot nights ar>d owe so much money.
You cught rather, said Fox,fo wonder hoto my ciedi'
tms can sleep He believed that creditors, general-
ly, had the worst  of it, m times of pressure a d
