Sept. 1837,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th CoNG...lst Sess.
"What is the present condition of things ? Here '
a suspension of specie payments. Does any man
doubt that'? No man can; becar-se the first "word?
in the message of the President inform us that
this is the immediate motive for calling- us to-
gether. What next ? The want of a circulating
medium in the United States—a common medium
of exchange. Nov, 1 will not say whether-it is. or
is not, connected with whatlra-t now. .stated I
have received a letter calculated to exemplify this
text. It is from an industrous man, not exactly,
perhaps, to be called a raerchar.t, he makes the
articles lie sells, and sells exretiMvely, minglsag the
characters of the manufacturer and the rnerebaot.
He had a ilebt owing; to him in Alabama: I think
he informed me he had three of this description.
His debtor was willing to pay, he misfit draw, or
the debtor would send him Alabama bank paper.
"Well, said he, I have inquired of the exchange bro-
kers (who, by the by, ate enjoying a most luxurious
stateof existence, which they owe to the derange-
ment of the currency") and they, are willing to ac-
commodate me at twelve or fifteen per cent. " When
| get this money at twelve and fifteen, per cent.,
irfot will it be—specie'!   No,    Notes of the bank
If, as was said, the spectacle of a good man strug-
gling with adversity was pleasing to the gods, how
would they have rejoiced to behold-the honest and
unyielding efforts of the merchants of the United
States in the midst of sudden disaster ?   Never
did a nation present such an array as that presented
at this moment by the merchants of the United
States.   In the city of New York, the fire which
destroyed their property and seemed destined to
break their hearts, had only purified and invigo-
rated them for the heavier trials that were to fol-
low.   Their conduct was heroic.   They are already-
practising the lesson recommended by the message
of the President of the United States.    Have they .
not been reducing their establishments ?   The re-
duction which has been made of late, whether lux-
ury existed or not, parting with accustomed com-
forts, has been such as no man at the head of a
family can  make   without a severe pang;   and
have they not been, and are they not now, strug-
gling'at every expense, except that of their character
for integrity, to make their contracts, unseduced
by intelligible hints from certain quarters, that their
English creditors did not deserve it.    They scorned
such profligate suggestions.    Sir, I glory m it as an
American citizen, that we have such a body of mer-
chants in our country, represented as thev are by
the merchants of New York, and of that city which
I have in part the honor to represent.    And this
commercial class is not more distinguished for its
probity and good faith than  for its  enterprise and
intelligence. It was once boasted that the sun never
set on the dominions of Great Britain.   Sir, the
sun never sets on the achievements of the intelli-
gence and  enterprise of your merchants.    In the
greatest commercial metropolis in the  world, ex-
isting as such, before these States   were settled,
even there  an American merchant is to be found
in every commercial establishment—I mean every
one that has intercourse with  this nation    If you
go to China, there, without the aid of monopolies or
associations, by his own individual enterprise, vou
findhimplantedside by side with the nabobs.of the
East—for such they are who enjoy the employments
of the British East India Company—and you see
him vieing with them in his commerce.    If you go
to the far coast of America, there too you find the
American merchant.   And if you come to the com-
merce that, beginning in the  United States, em-
braces the world in its circuitous voyages, circum-
navigating the globe, and, as a mere incident to
trade, doing habitually what, performed in a single
instance, gave celebrity to early navigators, there
too you find the American merchant.   He is well
entitled to your regard.
These (the mercantile and the planting) are two
great interests which ire primarily affected ■ but the
disease has reached far beyond them, and is now
felt by every one. You and I, Mr Speaker, have
not come from our homes without being compelled
to inquire every ten, fifteen, or twenty miles,
whether a certain kind of money, which I do not
choose here to call by the name it usually b ars,
would pass at the next town. No man can travel
without being made to feel the derangement. It is
present to htm at every step.
Sir, I ask', what are the present immediate and
most obvious causes of embarrassment Í And I be-
gin by stating that, for the present purpose, t
shall deal in facts, and in   conceded  facts only.
Inexpedient to charier a National Bank—Mr. Sergeant.
H. of Reps.
where I am, which has suspended specie payments,
and whose notes, as compared with specie, are at a
depreciation of about ten per cent.    This would
make a total discount of twenty to twenty-five per
cent. ; and here is an illustration of the condition
of exchanges in the country.    Thus, there is uni-
versal embarrassment.    Why is it sol   What is
the cause 1   The want of a common medium.  The
want of a c urrency.  , You have local ban k paper in
superabundance: but it  is  local; and variously
depreciated. You have, besides, a spurious progeny
of the times—the little notes  before alluded to.
They have but a very limited circulation, but within
their limits they have extraordinary credit.    We
have come to this point in reference to this sort of
spurious paper, that, so far as I know, in the State
of Pennsylvania, no man inquires by whom it is
issued. But come to Baltimore or ihe'city of Wash-
ington, and it does  not pass.    Such being the cir-
cumstances, what is this resolution we are asked to
vote for'?    Why, sir, when we meet together to
relieve.these embarrassments, so far as we are em-
poweied to do so by the constitution, we are called
upon to deciaie, by resolution, against that which
has never been co-existent with? such a state of
things; against that which, so far as experience
will guide us, has been both a preventive and a
cure, having bee  tried and proved efficacious, m
health and in -sickness.    Against this we are call-
ed upon to declare, off hand, by anticipation, with-
out debate, and before we   have   tried  out all the
restof theexperiments before us.    Nay, it is almost
stronger than this; for if. after trying "out our other
experiments, we still find there is no other remedy
than this—if our judgments and our consciences tell
us it is the only remédr, still we are to commit our-
selves aga ¡nst it.   And not onlv so.   We are to be
committed against any specie.-, of bank that can be
called a national bank.    Have you, I  would ask,
thought them all  over?     Arc   vou sure there is
nothing cominer wi'bin that   designation,  that wil'
not be free from objections; nay, that even will be
free from cmiUitiuioiial objections ?    Certainly you
are not sure.   You have .not ye: made ihe  exami-
nation.   You have not yet tried it.   Would it not
be rash  for  any man  thus to commit himself?
Would any intelligent man do so m his own pri-
vate affairs?    Whatever his feelings might be to
the United States  Bank of Pennsylvania, would
he pronounce that he would, under no circumstan-
ces, avail himself of her credit ? Bankruptcy might
come; his family slight starve.    Things might be
so disordered that your treasurer could not pav in
what is called ¡he  constitutional  currency.    Nay.
sir, this is the fact now- and in illustration of my
position. I will refer to the Ttse of an individual.
This  very day a draf. which the treasurer   had
sent to an "individual for no larger nsvm. than eight
hundred and eleviti dollars, owing b*. the Depart-
ment of State, I believe, for money paid abroad,
has been relurned to him.    Ii was upon a bank not
paying specie.    The creditor declined taking b-ink
note1:, and said he wanted specie, ¡x' he was required
to pay his poslug-r account and other dues to the
Gcvernme.U m specie.
Now, sir, in this'sta'e of things, y c are ¡o proclaim
thai iheieis to be no national bank; nothing thai etui
come unde'- ta'lt denomination, and. in order to
carry this through, we heve a le-s forma!, though
not fes intelhg.ole proclamation ihr-.t there shall b«
no connexion ?.t all between the Government and
the banks. There is to be a divorce. Sn, it is a
word of e\ I! c.nen. and especial,y coming from the
stronger partv, when there :s rca^n to believe that
the ground on which he makes the application is
the consequence of his own misconduct Canro'
the honorable r.y_>mhe" i'-c'ii Vnsrinia, (.Mr Gar-
land,) cannot nr.v cer.tlevnan who ha-, tinned his
attention to this sublet, see :h--t this proclamation
against.? bank i  a warfare against bsriks: find that
whilst r. a-.-.poors onlv lo v.ursue the foremost of
these who n-e aimed rib itiii'rt verv soon go to il;c
hearts of .'hosebeh,ml? Does he belies c tbata cr >
federaov of lif> States Tn exist with local ban-r- in
every Stale, and vet hove no on? bank controlling m
a frienrUv manner,ana s< fhet-am- tune sympathiz-
ing with these local institutions 1 No national circu-
lation—no na'ionnl currency of a kindred nature-
nothing to keen them together in a "ominon sys-
tem, and reconcile the ctizens of the United Rta'es
to
con
Caev arc now olacod? Thoso who are now pursu-
ing this yoüév, see differently A pror-lamat-on
has gone forth against the banks.    Let me not un-
m, and reco.iciie me cu/.e::> ui mt i" "' >-'•• *-■--
i them by preventing them from falling into the
indition of inconvenience and disorder m which
necessarily take upon myself the championship of
the Stale banks; it is not requisite lor my present
purpose that I should do so. But I will a.sk? this
question: Do you believe, in relation to circulation
and currency, that "the wishes and habits of thepeo-
p!c ought to lead the Government, ortthat the Gov-
ernment ought to drive the people 1 If the people
say that they wish to have a paper circulation, con-
vertible at any moment into specie, do you think it
is competent for the Government, according to'the
genius of our institutions, to tell them they shall
not 1 If the people of the different States of this con-
federacy choose to have banks,'is it for the Govern-
ment, under the constitution, to say that they shall
not? "What is it for? To support the Government
of the United States. How? By payments into tha
Treasury. And what are they? Contributions by
the psop'.c from the money of the people. Sir, if we
had nothing for a currency or a standard but tobac-
co, would it be allowable, on the part of the Gov-
ernment, tosav it would not take it? I say, if they
had nothing but tobacco, which was once a cur-
rency in several States of this Union—if they have
nothing but what they have in Chinai a mixture-
of base metal—it would be most unreasonable and
intolerable in the Government to say it would not
take that from them; for, to say they would not take
it from them is to say they would not take out of
their properly, such as they have, but would compel
them to buy something else to pay their dues.
Why, sir, this would be an exer.cise of authority in
the Government over the people, to which, so far
as I know, no society—no civilized Christian com-
munity—has ever been subjected.
It cannot be done consistently with my notions
of the nature of our institutions; and it would not,
and ought not, to be submitted to.
But, sir, when I say I do not know that this dis-
tinction is made in any Christian community, I ad-
mit it is made in one empire ¡ that empire, from
its name, would seem not to be of this earth. It
styles it-elf the Celestial Empire, and all the rest
of the wxrid, wi"li beeomii.g- self-complacency, it
denominates barbarians—ourselves amongst the
number. Fortunately, I am able to give you the
result of their experience in the pbnjiow talked of
here, of one cmrency for the people, and another
for the Gorernrne.it: of one money to pay caca
other, and another a\.l better to pay their duties and
taxes.    Bid, fust, a "word of explanation.
Their money in Cbma i - metallic money. So far
as it sounds in" metal, they are in advance of us,
according to the most fashionable theory of the
day; it is m-?de of a mixture of base metals. This
is "called " cash." Their standard is pure silver,
and (he time was when 1,000 "cash'' was equal to,
and wou'd buy. a tale of pure si! ver. But silver has
risen; or '' cash" has fal'en, so that it now requires
13 to'la hiind-ccl " carlf to'n.iy the same quantity
of pure silver. >"ov, what does this wise Govern-
ment do? Ar.v what ;, the effect? I read from.a
collection of public d.."umps'i on the opium trade,
and the contraction of the el rren'ty: for they, too,
have trouble with their crrency, though entirely
metallic. Arrogant as they are, they admit one
"oint cf resemblance between them and other peo-
ple. "For in the love of much money, and of
good prices, the flowery people (Chinese) and the
barbarians are altogether like minded." Now, for
the passnge mire especially applicable to the pre-
sent pu-p?=e. It h a^ follows:'" Always in times
ras-, a. t.i'e of pure silver exchanged for nearly
about LOfrt coi. cd ca°h ; but of .a'e years the same
Slim has bene the value of l,-"200 or 1,300 cash:
thus tin Ttricc of silver ri^es but does not fall. In
the salt aWicy, the price of salt is paid in cash,
while the" dtticF are paid in silver- now the salt
■„■ •refci'ttf ha'"fU b"crm iir.-clvol. er.d ike existing
slate oft!:-". st-U trad- in freí/ province is. abject in
the cHitn*'.' Comment :s"ra r.ce.-.'ary. If we
borrow rom the "tiowetv people" their wi*e and
mi'd system of one euiiL.n-v for the people and
anot'.-ei for 'he Gove mm--/, what can we expect
but the s-.n'.e '■ extreme"' abjectness which they have
iv.'.er it
f all who insist that du-
when
exponer,'
I des-.-e the attention o!
♦ ies ..wi 1- paid m one kind of money,
•moth-'is used in the transactions of the people, to
*Hs • 'ir' oiiv crprrruent I know ol m the world,
of the V-"l¡cation oftteir theory. Are they willing
to introduce it here ? What reiiefwill it be to bring
about " extreme abjectness' among the people, bo
'much for that experiment.
In ano'ber of these documents, the rate is stated
to have advanced from 1 COO to K500.    Will it R
