Oct. 1837.____________APPEHpiX TO THE COKftRESSIQHAk GjjflBZ._________     £15
25th Cong.... 1st Sess.                             Making public offiicers depositories—Mr. Mason.                                             H. ofBeps.
ceive nothing but gold and silver in. payment of
public dues, and will intrust its keeping to its own
officers alone. No>v, if there were a creative power
in our law, if by this simple enactment the bank
paper couid be driven out of circulation, back
whence it came, and the precious metals substituted
in sufficient quantities to meet the wants of societv,
as well as> the demands of the revenue, the chiei
ground of my oppos>tion would be at once removed.
I can well see, from the experience we have had of
the evil tendencies of the banks to excessive issues,
(and such, at present, are my decided impressions,)
that, whenever the currercy is placed m a condition
to bear the tribute, the true policy of Government
may be iound to be to exact its dues altogether in
com; and to withhold us revenue while resting
between its collection and its disbursement, from
the use of the banks, as a fund to increase their
discoun's. My reasons for this I will give here-
after, when tieatmg of the proper position which
the Government may ultimately assume toward the
Stile banks.
The bill is to operate upon the currency as it noto
i!, for we have not only no guarantee that it «ill
bs found m an improved condition at the end of
twelve months, (the limited time,) but it is suscep-
tible almost of demonstration, that one necessary
consequence from the proposed law, will be (o con-
tinue the currency in its present debased condition.
Tiie piecious metals, all w ill agree, are now
banished frcm circu'ation. They are m the country,
I grant you, and in sufficient quantities, perhaps,
to answer their accustomed duty of circulating in
those channels, below the reach of bank paper
But they no longer pa*? from hand to hand as a
medium of exchange. Their former exchangeable
value has been converted, by the course of trade to
which I have alluded, to a value exclusively maiket-
able ; and thus they have fallen back, ?nd are en-
tirely merged m the common and general mass of
meicliandise. Specie, whether in com or in bullion,
is now merchandise and not money; and those who
require it for any purpose, must go into the market
and buy it at market rales, as they would do any
kind of merchandise whatever. How long, then,
is this state of things to continuei How long will
this markeiable value attach, which detains the
com from its most appropriate function as cunent
money t And by what piocess can it be restored
to circulation 1
The answer to the two first inquiries is very sim-
ple. Specie will continue to be merchandise so
long as there exisls any demand for it greater than
that which would invite, or retain it in circulation.
It was driven out of circulation by the demand for
exportation, after the business of the country had
realized the fact, that our exports were insufficient
to pay for our imports The balance must be met,
and the precious metals were caUed out of encu-
lation to answer this new demand. It is a neces-
sary and fundamental law of currency, that wheie
you have two media, of wlvch either answers all
the purposes of exchange, and one of them, besides
those purposes, will answer another purpose as a
subject of trade, the latter will fly at once to meet
the new demand, and leave the duties of cur-
rency exclusively to its fellow.
So it was between the paper and the specie, when,
by the exigencies of trade, the letter was suddenly
called off to meet the new demand created by the
necessity in commerce, of extinguishing the balan-
ces against our importers. There is no m}stcry in
all this. Imports are to b^paid for from those two
sources jlone. By the pioduce and labor ot the
importing nation, cr by g >kl and silver, and when-
ever the former is found inadequate, the precious
metals rnnst make up the deficiency
Thus stood thecountrj when the banks saspended
the payment of specie They had an agencv, and
a large a ency, I grant jou.m bringing that ne-
cessity about; pampenng, as they d d, the pride of
c immerce. They met all it-, demands, honored all
its drafts, as vv ell m the rage for importation, as m
those extravagant speculations to which the appa-
rent prosperity of the age gave immediate bn in.
But the banks are not alone to blame in tins It is
due to the occasion, and will aid us m seaiching
out the true remedy against a lecurrence, to admit,
candidly and faiJy, that the Government itself
saw as little the mischiefs that would follow from
the extension of their credit as the banks did them-
selves It is a part of the history oí the times, and
should be recorded on thp same page, that when
the deposites were given to the State banks, they
were expressly uistracted to make them the basis
of new incentives to commercial enterprise.
I do not speak this at all, sir. in the spirit of re-
buke ; far, very far from it. I adduce it only to
show that the Government itself, against whom, as
some have said, the banks have committed the un-
pardonable sm, was itself actively instigating them
to that very extension, now so zealously condemned.
How far the banks might have gone in extending
their discounts, upon the immense deposite thus
cast upon them, without this authoritative hint,
none can easily tell. But it is fair and reasonable
to infer, that this license in advance, did not pass
unimproved.
Having stated thus the actual condition ot the
currency, and briefly traced the causes which have
led to it, let us inquire next what will be the proba-
ble operation of a law, that lakes no account of its
enfeebled state, but peremptorily demands, after a
given day, mat the entire revenue, amounting to
some twenty millions of dollars per annum, shall
be paid up in gold and silver. One necessary con-
sequence, in my apprehension, would be, effectual!)
to place it out of the power of the banks to resume
the payment of specie within any reasonable time.
How can it be otheiwise? They suspended pa) -
ment, because of the new demand for coin creatGd
by the exigencies of trade. They have not yet re-
sumed, because although that demand has enlirely
diminished, as shown by (he rate of foreign ex-
change, yet there 11 still demand enough to warn
them of the consequences of an atlempted lesump-
Uon, before the tiade ot the country is m a fit con-
dition to bear it. Sir, the country is recovering fast
from the violent and sudden convulsion into which
it has been ltte'y thrown It cannot otherwise b<%
when we consider the immense resources of this
vast comment, wielded, as they are, by a people
whose industry and enterprise acknowledge no other
limit than the very bounds of the earth. But the Go-
vernment must keep its hands off; time must be
allowed for the system to re-act, before any new or
additional pressure can be borne.
If the necessities of circulation are not strong
enough now to bring specie into general use, as
part of the currency, because of the existing col-
lateral demand in, trade, does it not necessaiily fol-
low, that any new demand will have an additional
effect m retaidmg that operation '
You create this new demand by the bill under
consideration ; pass it, and you at once increase
the premuim that specie already bears over the or-
dinary currency; you give it increased value in
the market, to the extent of such new demand,
and to that same extent, you postpone the day
when it can return m'o use as a pait of the en di-
lating medium Until that ilav comes, it is impos-
sible for the banks to pa) out specie upon their
notes ; they never can do so, until the demand upon
them is reduced to a naked demand for circulation.
If I am correct in this reasoning, the best that
could be hoped for, under the proposed law, would
be, that it should remain a dead leitei upon the
statute book.
I think I have shown that we could have no re-
turn to a circulation of spece under its auspices ;
and, if this be so, do jou believe, does any man
believe, that the law could be earned into enect?
What, cir, that the Government alone should he
paid in silver and gold, while th sp who have
the payments to make receive nothing hut irre-
deemable papci 1 How vain and idle it is to ex-
pect any such thing. If, by any chance, or lucky
accident,ovet-ruhng those stern necessities to which
all human artans are subject, the exigency of the
times should have passed bv, before your policy
begins, then it might thus chance-favt red be that
the scheme could be carried cut. But it becorres
us not to legislate upon such improbable contin-
gencies. I want no better evidence of what the
Government would be twelve months hence,under
the operation of this law, than what is now daily
passing b forc our eyes There are, it is said, (and
I presume with an approximation at least to the
truth,) now in this country eighty, wi!¡ions of dollars
in coined metal By the'ex^stuig law, (a¡¡ there is
no bank paper convertible into specie,') Govern-
ment can now receive nothing but com. in payment
of any part of its revenue. I ask confidently, is
any part of that revenue so paid 1 Wjth all this
abundance of the precious metals, fully three times
as much as we have had at any former period,
do we not all know, that none whatever is paid
into the Treasury from any source of revenue. I
mean none, when compared even with the lowest
necessity of the public service. The mint, it is
true, does furnish a small supply, barely sufficient,
if at all, to meet those demands, which coin alone
will satisfy. But this does not come in any shape
oí revenue; far from it. It is purchased by Go-
vernment, at market rates, and a premium paid
upon every dollar that is brought m. Such is the
present state of things, under the operation ot a
hard money law, while the only money of the
country is in irredeemable paper; and such must
ever continue to be your condition, under the ope-
ration of any laws that you may pass, so long as
the money which you require is banished, by what-
ever cause, from the channels ot circulation.
I lay down, then, this position, and defy any
refutation. That the Government must, ^.s a pa-
menent necessity, deal in that currency in which ihe
people deal; it is the law of us creation, and insep-
arable fiom its condition. It must receive what
the people íeceive, and pay what they pay ; a ne-
cessity from which Government cannot escape if it
would; and ought not, if it could.
I speak of this as a permanent necessity, distin-
guished from the necessities of immediate want.
It is struggling now against this very want, and
piecisely as any large capitalist might equally do,
by using the resource-, of its credit to supply the
temporary absence of revenue Have we not just
passpd a law, authorizing an issue of ten millions
of treasury paper, for this very purpose? I mean
for the single purpose of reserving the Government
from the necessity of coming down at once to the
irredeemable paper of tbe banks. And this only
to answer the present emergency, for it will cer-
tainly follow, unless that medium can be restored,
in winch alone the Government is allowed to deal,
that we must issue at least ten millions more, be-
fore we return home from the ensuing session.
Sir, I went cordially n ith you in this use of Go-
vernment credit , and I will do so again should the
emergency contmup. But I tell you fairly and
candidly, and I tell the peopl-, too, that this treasury
■ssue is all that saves the Government now from
coming down at once to bank paper. I say this,
sir, because your revenue laws, evading gold ana
silver, ore not and cannot beevfoiced. Ifvou collect
any revenue, it can onl) be m that very paper, he-
cause thne is nothing else to pay with.
Suppose, then, voui law passed, and the cur-
rency remain, as under such policy it inevitably
must, in the condition that it now is , what are you
todo? Ifvou could enfo"c« the law then, I ask
why do you not do so noto ?
Why do vou not now compel your debtors to go
into market and buj specie, in order to leplemsh
the treasury i So far from thi>, we hav e a bill now
befoie us, and wheh it is admi led on all hands
must pass, to save the Secretary from the necessity
of so idle an attempt. With moie than four mil-
lions of dollars now due in New York alone, so
far fiom exacting payment, we are about to srue
furthei time on all bonds due, and to become due,
between ¡his time and the next session of Con-
gress
I sav, then, confidently, pass what law) ou may,
voucannou hive your revenues paidm specie, so
long as it remains at a premium, and that the very
fust efílct ot this law, by creating a new demand,
v ould be to increase the premium, and thus rendei
permanent the very evgenc s to *.Inch jour legis-
lation is now actually v lelding.
But take another view of the subject. Suppose
the law carried out, what then would follow 1 The
importer, besides all other chaiges for freight, in-
surance, duties, etc., is required to paj five or ten per
cen'um ft r specie to paj the duties. Certaml) this
latter would be added to the pi ice of the commo-
dity, and thus the whole  effect of j-our policy
