216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Oct. 1837.
25th CoN&....lst Sess.
Making public officers depositories—Mr. Mason.
H. of Reps.
would be to tax the people to this extent, in order
that Government might deal m gold, while they
were left to struggle on, unaided, agamst all the
uls of < orth'ess paper money.
My vi w of the snh, ct, t..en,.s, that by passing
this lawnow, you postpone to an indef nite period,
the resump ion of specie payments by the S'a'e
banks; that until they do resume, the law must be
inoperative, an I toe treasury supplied Dy loans,
or, if enfc rce^ besi'es cieatmg anew and heavy
tax upon all reign merchandise, the sole effect
will be to ennch the oflice-ho ders, and all who
feed upon the public cub, at the expense of me
rest of the community I know, sn, that this last
objection has been scou'ed as mere slarg, as part
of a mere "rabble," and unworthy of notice. But
J tell you it has nevei been met, and thai it cannot be
overthrown. I do not believe (and that disbelief is
founded on th* experience of the present day) that
such a law could be carried out But if it were,
the host of Government dependant vv ould grow
rich under it They nojld have money worth
live or ten dollars more in the hundred, than the
money used by the people; and the people would be
taxed to the extent of this five or ten dollars in the
hundred, to furnish the former with the better cui-
rency.
Now, sir, in all this, my sympathies are with the
tax pav ers, and not with the tax gatherers I go
for the inteiest of those who are to pay, ind not
for th ise who ire to receive 1 cannot agree to
any policy which might, and I believe wou'd, lead
to these resul's It is unw ise, unjust, and unne-
cessaiv , and it could not, and ought not, to stand
one day after those results are ascertained.
I may express mj self strongly, but I do not
mean to do so harshly I see mischief and disaster
without end, in any attempt to legislate now, ?s
you would have us do by this i 11, i,*ditisto
save ourselves fiom uttei dc.ft.tt an 1 shame, ti i I
beg you to pause with me, anc consider ¡he conse-
quences of such an attempt
Let me, before leaving this pai t oí t ¡e subjc t,
present anothervievv, which, tomj 'nmd, mortises
the difficulties to be encountered by the pi opostd
law. 1 have, so far, considered only the demand
arising under the acct ¡iwur levenue, as that which
is to retard the resump ion of specie paj ment. But
the revenue m arrear, that of which we art to post-
pone the payment, will come heavily in aid, to in-
crease this demand, at the very outset of the new
law; to what extent we do not as y et veiy certainly
know, but reasoning from «hat we do know, the
promise is sufficiently appalling The duty bonds
to be postponed, amount in X'ew \oi \ clone to moi<
than 7,000,000 dollars, computed to Jannaij ncct,
and, including the olhti cities, to mo e than
10,000,000 dollars, constituting, to such e^mt,
whatever it may be, in < ostacle at the outset, ovei
and above «hat is to be encountered in its ordinal v
course
I have heard it said, however, that th s very de-
mand to be cieitcd under the lav , vv illlnve the
effect of bunging in specie lo meet it, and Urns it
is alleged that the demand will (evasion the sup-
ply. I do not deny this, in the least degree Theie
is nothing more cert in in ever} biaii'n o' po! nc '
economy, than tint there wll 1 c a np \ 1i t>ie
demand Cut regard lor or<- i >a" ' ilv u hit
this demand is, and tbt f, >'ac" oí i ' > ^ ing
will appear n-t once it sawi ¡let Oei ' \ i'i
is tj pioduce thij supply It i , i "ti 'pi ,
o*'the same demand, vvnich has aiu d i s, (
com uoiu cutulat on ; now it is pi >e > I oi \-
poiiaticr, then it will be purch-iscd It <• Co i 1-
ment, and die effect w 11 be preci clj tne «-m >e r
both cases To g \c a mark^tab1  vaV >o sp cie
as merchandise, 11 1j j of t ie exchangeeoic v iliic
which U wou'd oiheiwre havo js uwiity Non"
will pretend that, beiause uotcrnm- it \ ill p„y t
out again, it wi!' thcieb, c *ci \tle, untes" the} cu i
fiad the term circulation tul'v «at-sfled in a constant
round from the cus om house to the Dicker, and
from the broker to the cu->to n hoe> e.
If it be true, then, that Go renimcnt cannot com-
mand the precious meta s t'.iough its revenue,
until they return back to cncuhtion, the inquiry
remains to be answeied, how that c- id is to be at-
tained?   1 would answer first, it will be attained
even before a very long time, if matteu are allowed
to remain, as far as Government is concerned, pre-
cisely whcre they now are.
Let us keep our hands off, and the banks will
resume as speedily as reviving trade will allov ,
withm that periodI will not profess to answer- but
their course of deahng since the suspension, evince^
the strongest purpose to do so, at the eatliest piac-
ticable day. The Secretary oí the Treasury tells
us, m his report, that since the suspension of specie
payment, " the policy puisu d by most of them, has
bemfavorable to an tally discharge of their engage-
ments to the Tieasary and lo a í esumplion of specie
payments" And aguii, in proof ot that position,
he says, spesdungof the deposite banks, that " since
the 1st of May, then discounts, as a whole, have
been reduced about §20,388,776 , their circulation
$4,991,791 , and their public deposites $15,607,316,
while their specie has diminished less than $3,000,-
000 " Such i« the encouiagmg account w h.ch the
Secielary himself gives us, of these institutions
We have alieady seen the great reduchon in ex-
change since our session besan, evidencing the
rap d extinguishment of the foreign debt, and the
effects manifested by the approaching market for
the smfhorn staples Even the presentation of the
b U foi an issue of Treasury pape--, had an effect,
in bringing düivn exchange Putt ng all these
things togethei, vie may safely argue, tint the evd
day is passing by, and all that I urge upon jou is,
lo keep hands off, and let very well a'one.
The resolution of 1816, now in full foice, had
the effect, at that day, of bringing about a general
resumption ol specie payment by the banks. It
will do so again, it its operation be unaffec tea. I
have shown you already the promise under it
But the bill proposes to repeal that resolution, as
the first step in the policy of the new law Th n,
the attitude of Gov eminent towards ihes.. institu-
tions was one of e ic mi -'gement and e mudenco
It off! re I in luceiiieuts to them to it sii.ne, and m-
v lti d back the conii 1 • c1 of t! e co'pi mnitj Tne
w isdom of tha' p ' cy was Manifesto í i y th' íesiill
Now, the veiy n verse is to be attemp'ed , in lieu
of confidence, we cresent discredit, tor encour lg -
ment, menaced destruction I need not add, that
the same end cannot be obtained by such opposite
means
Eut again, sir, there is m this bill an entire de-
pailure from the great and leading principles of
the administration, on the subject of the cunen v.
It looks no father than to a supplv of speCie f0i
the Gov eminent and its dependants Theie is no
ire milt td'ipn o( t o more important ibjeT, of m
ius"igsp^co  Ho iircu'ation for th iiiraaionbc
of the peool  Then the great ofloit was to e i-
large me specie b->siS) bj the snppi^ssioii of S'nail
notes The Government, as the gieatestcredroi
of the oanks, sought iO effect this by the control
incident to its farge deposite. The banks were en-
counged m every viay to co-opente, and the
States were app°ael to foi th"ii aid in th? com-
mon dutj of a left i n in the currency.
Mauv of ' " ii, wh ie theie was a bank issue
mi 'er ive dolíais,! l th" apnea! at once, by a
direc piohtl u on to th it event
Tut tl c fc. a e oí Vu*inia went father She
hatl long suict ital zert the benefits o' aspec-e cir-
c ilation btlon five do ,ars, by a rr. hibition of all
pipe imdei thit amount, and on ti e verv fust
o-ca op vhen die < Piters of her hint s would be
icacW, o r e.i tly t~ dunng the las' vv nfer, the
P o' ) ion w-s i\ t,i t l'o ten doll us, an 1 to take
effect i' a i eailj t av
Tha e w ie the mesmes then contemplated for
the i i.oro e nent ol tne t ur'-enc>, a id begun to be
c T.ed ti t bj t' e pov ei 'ul aid of 3ute ' gislation
Wh. le'hejti bo abandoned no v^ Itwasad-
roiited then, and it is beyond a'l ques ion true, that
specie, ei the' m gold or MÍ, er, will not circulate
by the side of paper If expe lence of this v eie
wanting, it is abundant m Virginia, in leferenceto
small notes, as «con as they wore etpe'led b) her
law, silver took tnen pl?ce And theie is no doubt
tnat if her pol.cy could be earned out, by the cx-
puls.on of a1! paper undei twenty dollars, that gold
would flow at onep m'o the vacant channels. All
this can yet be done, by a simple adherence to the
original plan    Butyourpolicy is m utter disregard
ot all such intent.
The gi eat /oi ctng process now in contemplation,
will work the very reverse of what was then so
strenuously urged. It will put all our golden
dieams to flight, of the halcyon days of hard mo-
ney, and the States will be compelled, from sheer
necessity, to license once more the very lowest
issue of bank paper Seeing these things, as I
clearly do in prospect, under the operation of the
prodosed law, I can have no choice but to raise my
voice ag'.mst it.
As to so much of the bill as constitutes the col-
lectora of ihe revenue, with the mint and its
branches, depositories of the public money, I have
but Utile to say. It is certainly subject to very
strong objec'ior,, not the least of winch is, the
very great increase of patronage to which it must
give rise, and a patronage of the most dangerous
influence, as being so immediately connected with
the public monej Neither is this objection at all
answered, when it is said that the patronage will
be less than that exercised m the intercourse be-
tween the Government antl the deposite banks; be-
eiuse, by the simple substitute of a special for a
general deposite, all patronage will be at once
taken awav , and on the score of safety, the dif-
ference is incalculable.
Whethei I regard, then, the pernicious influence
which this bill must exercise upon the cmrency, if
now enacted into law, or the inadequacy of its
provisions for tne safe-keeping of the money, I am
equallj constrained to withhold my assent. In the
first aspect, it has never been submitted to the
country, and has had very little consideraron here.
The innovation is too gieat, the transition too vio-
lent, from all previous usage, to be thus suddenly
met.
The people are too deeply interested in the con-
sequences which may follow, to have this usage
ch mged, without the most matured consideration.
Foi mysei!, sn, I want to go home from this whole
subjet t, reMfecta It is a new proposition, pre-
sented, lor the first time, ¡ii an imposing foim by
the late message, and, before adopted, should be
well and thoroughly cam assed before the country.
The Presiden ¡himself, in proposing it, invites, and
the subject is well worthj of, the fullest delibera-
tion.
Let it be discussed, then, as it will be, and as all
great public measuies ought to be, by the people
themselves in tneir primary assemblies, and
hrouc-h the pre s, befoie ¿t is enacted mío law.
No inconvenience can possibly arise from this
postooneipí-m, í rst, because the time must neces-
sarily be shtnt, as Congiess will be airam in ses-
sion within six weeks i rom the adjournment And,
s- cond'y, because Ihe whfh system proposed is now,
under tne latp orders of the treasury, m as full and
compUte operation, as if specially ordained by the late
unler eonsideialton 'Ihe & crctary Ins already
adopted it, m the exigency oí the occasion, under
the discretion given to him, by the lav organizing
the T'eiisijrv Dep irtment. There is no occasion,
then for this ^ eat haste, and there is every reason
why we should foibeai
We are told, hovvevei, by an honorable member
from Soutn C?iolma, (Mr. Pickens ) that by our
opposition to tV present bill, we are strengthening
the interest of t^at party which seeks the re-estab-
hshment of a national bank This suggestion, sir,
has cone from a veiy lemarkabe quarter. Ido
not ahude now to th  member from Carolina, but
to a distinguished statesman Aom the same State,
m the other wing of the Capitol. The sub-tieasu-
n s, if is said, iin't be oitlamed at once, as the only
S'feguard against the restoratica of a great na-
tional banking n^t'tution, and this ratiocination
seems to be thrown out as a soit of bugbear, to
frighten us uno instant submission
Sn,m my humble spheie at home, or m the
halls of our State leg slature, mj opinions on the
subject of a fedsial bank, need no new confession.
I have ever been an uncompromising foe to any
such institution. I believe the existence of such
a bank s inconsistent with the punty, and danger-
ous to the safety of popular government I have
ever opposed it in every form, on grounds of ex-
pediency, and, what is above all, to fix and con-
