Oct. 1837._______________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.__________________2SÉ
25th Cong....1st Sess.                                              Mississippi Election—Mr. Howard.                                                        H. of Reps.
until after the Presidential flection which was to
take place eleven days afterwards. The le*ter
is as follows:
" Rectivír's Off ICF,
"Fort Waynf, Oct. 27, 183G
" Sm: This is to inform you that I have forward-
ed to the deposite bank one hundred and four
thousand dollars m silver, th^re to remain until 1
arrive with the gold and paper.
" My democraticfnends think that I ought not to
leave .until after we ho'd oui election for Pre- dent,
on the 7th of November, which I have concluded
to await, and shall leave on that evening, or the
next morning, to deposite, with all the funds on
hand up to that time "
Now, sir, it maybe asked, why the go'd and
paper was not forwarded at the same t'me ilia* the
silver was d spached But without going further
into the case, what has been stated is sufficient to
shsw the manner m which the greatest abases
might take place under die pioposed system of
making the public ofliceis the depositories of the
public fnnds, and the inducements winch may exist
to practi-e those abuses, although the officer may
be honestlv disposed. In th's case I do not Know
that the Government ultimately lo-.t any thing bv
this officei; but if it did not, that only sh> rs h,s
individual honesty, but does not prove that the
system, which would make him not on'y Ihe re-
ceiver but the keeper of the public tieasure, is not
liable to the abuses I have pointed out. Not only
woulp the officei have to resist the importunity of
friends in moments of the greatest necessity and
distress, and the temptations of avarice on his own
part, but the solicitations of his political friends,
in moments of party strife, when his office and
means of subsistence might beat stike; and he
would be to'd that his dpmocra'ic friends requu_'da
little pesuniary assistant, that a loan to A, and
another to B, and a third to C, wou'd help the
cause; and that success would secure him from dis-
covery; or, if discovered, from reproof on the part
of his superiors. And, sir, let me add, that if,
yielding to the prompting oí avarice, the claims of
distress, or the solicitations of political friends, he
should become a defaulter, we should have^some
Senator or active partisan hinting to the Govern-
ment that hts removal or punishment would pro-
duce exc tement, and the matter had better be let
alone. Suffer me now to draw the attention of
the Senate to the reports made at the last session,
of the balances due from the co'lectors, the re-
ceivers, and the postmasters, all of nhrai are, by
this bill, to be made fiscal agent ; and let us see
what lessons are to be drawn from them. And,
first, as to the collectors there are twenty-seven
cases reported, four of which exhibit balances of
upwards of $30,000 each—-one case of §58,000,
one of §80,000, and one of *109 000. So much
for the President's average oí $30,000. As a sim-
ple of the practical results of such cases, take the
following
" Andrew Erwm, Tennessee, <J58,397 28. Suit
ordered March 17, 1829. Judgment, October
Term, 1830, for $92,035. Execution issued Octo-
ber, 1830. In the marshal'  repoit for Novem-
ber, 1830, he remarks as follows' 'reported in-
solvent ' In a letter dated January 30, 1837,
from the district attorney, he advises that upon
the stnctfst scrutiny of proof by him in this case,
he is satisfied that it would be a useless under-
taking to ti'e a bill of discovery, as all the responsi-
ble names had previously, in the case of private
creditors, denied any indebtedness or Lability to
Colonel Andrew Ervin," &c.
I will cite one ethei cas :
"Robert Cochran, Wilmington, £109,232 49.
Suit ordered September 10, 1871, for §143,922 63
Judgment May Term, 1823, foi §145,301 90
Balance reduce 1 by subsequent settlements up to
July, 1835, to $109,232 49. The di-tnct attorney
adv.ses that he obtained a deciee of the court at
November Term, 1828, against Wm. Walls Jones,
trustee of Cochran, for §9,725 05, Willi inte'est
from the 7th of February, 18S5, uh paid. Balance ,
of claim desperate "
Tn the instance of the reel vers, there are twenty-
eight cases reported, of which five are upwards of
$30,000, and one of $110,000, the details are gene-
rally insolvency of principal, sureties not to be
found, or indulgence granted to sureties, and judg-
ments wuh a return of no property. In the in-
stance of the postmasters, there a:e 144 octavo
pxges filled with the naiies of de'aulters, number-
ng, probably, In tie short of 2,000, for, sir, I iwd
not the p Uience to ( ouih them all, but estimated
the whole from the contents of a few pages. The
amounts due from them, respectively, are not
generally large, for many ol them leceive very
little, but exhibit an aggregate of $209,398 40, ot
which $110/00 84 is admitted to be "not collect-
able." This class of officer-., too, are to become
fiscal agents, and havn g shown a deposition to
keep for their own use th- small amount of publ,c
money t ej have heretofore been a jle to collect,
aie now each to be enlrusied with keeping, for the
public, the President's average of $30,000 of the
public lev ennes But, sir, there is one case among
thpse which I cannot suffer to pass without more
particulai notic, f-xhibitmg, as its does, a curious
feature <n tl  d<-t?uls of omcnl vigilance. It is
that of Francis P. Blair, the editor of the Globe,
who was the suie'y of Samuel B Crockett, of
Prarkfort, Kentucky. The balance due from
Crockett on the 1st of April, 1822, was f 1,395 51,
and the following note is app<nded to the case
"iáiit oid ied, and judgment obtained, May,
1824, fcr $1,827 01, ciedited by $431 47 ; penal tv
remitted by Poslmas'er General, leaving bah nee as
stated , application f >r relief refused by the Depart-
ment, December 30, 1825 , fien funis issued and
returned, March, 1326; no estate lound, informa-
tion was sought by the Department relative to the
patties, November 30, 1835 , íeferud to the district
attorney, December 3J, 1835, als > wrote to him,
February 13, 1337 "
So that it seems, Mi Pres lent heie is a case
onginatmg in 1822, tno-e toan nfftn yea^s ago, m
which judgment was obtained more than thirteen
years, since, and we are gravely tcld that, on the
30th November, 1835, the Department was seeking
information relative to the parties , when one of
those parties, Francis P. Blair, the surety, w is
living under the veiy eyes of ihe Government m
habits of daily social and political intercourse with
the President, and n ith the head of the Department,
and receiving thousands of dollars ¡>s the printer to
the House i t Repiesentatives , and vet the official
eyes of the Depaitment could not see him. Such,
in, will be the results of this sjstem, it tamed into
effect I do rot meen linger to trespass on the
patience of the Senate, but allow me, in conclu-
sion, to say, that if this sys'em is adopted, which
has nothing on earth to recommend it but its no-
velty as an experiment, and which defeat  us
alleged objects in relation to the currencv, there
will be exhibited a scene of fiaud, peculation, and
polit'cal corruption, which Las never been wit-
nessed before in th's country, and seldom perhaps,
in any other.
SPEECH OF MR. HOWARD,
Of Maryland,
Li the House of Representatives, October 3,  1837—
On the Mississippi Election.
I am not disposed, sir to repeat arguments
which have b en already urged v.it'igie«t effect by
those who have preceded me in ihis d bate The
points involved in the case have been fully stat'd,
and, indeed, the speech of the honorable senile- !
man from Virginia, (\{r Pennvbacker,') an. mher
ot the Commntee of Eleefons, left but 1 ttle origi-
nal mat'er to be urced by those who m ghl be in
clined to fo'low him upon the same side ot the
question The fairness with which I e sta'ed the
case, and the log'cal comments «h ch he made as
he passed its different branches irn ler leviev, al-
most exhausted the atgument, and onlv a ii't'e
"leaning can be found, he.e and ¡here, lung upon
the field which he traversed. He has rever-jd tie
example of the benevolent Jew in s rirturc, and
instead of pmposely leaving an occasion ■>! hand'ni
to be picked up by the humble and industrious
gleaner, as a rewaid foi patient toil, he hasscaicelv
left enough to make, when collected, a single sheaf.
Unwilling to seize upon the produce of another
man's labor, by appropriating to iny own us« an
entire shock, as is too often done in this House, I
sr ou 'd have remained a silent spectator of the scene,
if it were not that 1 have been induced to explore,
for myself a cornel which has hitherto escaped ob-
servation, the íesult of vhich inquiry I will bring
pait.cularly n your notice, after some general ob-
servations upon the subject.
The facts m the case are few and admitted. The
Legislature of Mississippi omitted to provide by-
law f ir ho'ding an election for members of Con-
gress, m case a special session of that body might
be convened by the Pres dent before November,
and the Governor ordered an elettion to be held,
directing that the persons chocen s'ioul 1 letain their
sea's until the recarre.ite ot t>>e regulai election
m ivovember, and two membcts are now in their
s^ats in this body under that proceeding. Are they
members of tne entire Twenty-fifth Congress, or
for a pait of it, or is the whole election void?
Thes° are the questions, which we must consider,
and reply to one or o'her of ¡hem m the affirma-
tive There is no other choice. We must select
out of the th ee positions any one that we prefer,
upon wh'ch our judgment can rest with the greatest
cegree of salivación But although we are
presented witi three opinions, (not concur-
ring m the propriety of the phrase, three
altetnatites, I will not use it,) jet it is re-
rnaikable that when we come to vole, we most
discard one, and choose between the remaining- two.
A rmjoi ity of the Committee of Elections have re-
ported a resolution declaring that the election is
valid, and that the members chosen under it must
hold their seats for the entire term of the Twenty-
fifh Congress , rnd a minority have reported a re-
solutnn declaring 0 e elrction to have been totally
vo d. No one las pioposed to amend either one,
so as to obtain i vme upon the proposition that the
sitting membeis are entitled to their seats until
November, and no longer, and until some one
shall offer such an amendment, there js no basis
upon which those who hold such an opinion can
expíes*, it by their vote, and the House, therefore,
must select, accoiding to its best judgment, one of
the only two propos nons befoie 't The gentle-
man from Vi rmont, (Mr S'adi-) who has just ad-
diesscd the Cnair, showed a d^-irc to rest his vote
upon this theoiv, but abstained from drawing
l. forth from the shadow y obscurity m which it now
lies, by present ng it in the form of a distinct pro-
posi ion. It is not difficult to account fi r his reme-
tan e to adopt the report of the minority. The
high authority of one of the most distinguished
jurists that our country has everproduced, and who
was known to be a favorite politician with that
gentleman, is directly in his path; and I am not at
all surprised that his re-pect for the character and
attainments of the late William Wirt was too
strong to permit him to run counter to the recorded
opinion of tn t distinguished man. I shall have
occasion hereafter to refer paiticularly to that opi-
ni n, and only allude to it now to show its power
m driving from a concunence with the report of
the mmoi.ty all th >se who attach any value to his
construction of the Co. strution, even although
they take refuge in a theory so unsubstantial that
no one will call i.pon the House for a vote upon it.
It is n< t worm while to consume time by attacking
a hy putresis in which its on n friends do not appear
to hav e tbe sligntest confidence, but I must be per-
muted toremai , that the doetimes which would
break up the constitutional term ot service of the
members of this House, into any n umbel of long
oi short periods, accoiihog to the humor or policy
of even State, seems to be as new as it is vision-
ary For ■wise puip'ists, which it is pasy to see,
the f'liners of the Constitution duected that we
should perfo.m tne dunes appertaining tooursta-
t ons here, tor two v ear , and we have tiken upon
ouise ves the hi«-i responsibility of executing these
impn tii t 'rusts p the face u! the nation, anxiously
watciing cvm vep that we take The obligation
re tt upon eveiy State m the Union to > e represent-
e 1 hf-re, and it can not fulfil if bv insta'ments, by
ooiucmng o-jt me debt uhu'i 't one  to its sister
b'a'es, and discharging a lntle at a 'ime. The
whole House has a right, the whole nation has a
right, to the benefit which the experience ot even
some months may confer upon thf members of this
