230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 18S7.
25th Cong....1st Sess.
Making public officers depositories—Mr. Tallmadge.
Senate.
against the State banks as depositories of the public
money, could not be brought to the suppoit oí th.s
measuie, although it was mtr< duced and uigtd by
one of their own numbei. So mischievous m its
tendency, so unsound m principle, did they deem
it, lhat they united with the friends of the adminis-
tration to defeat it. But what do we now behold'
Whilst they, as a party, are still against the mea-
sure, lie, as the iriends of the administration, are
called upon to support the fame proposition note
which we, as fue'ids of the admmistr, tion, pat
down then ; put down, did I say' -which we de
nouncsd as " disorganizing and revolutionary,"
and as exposing the public treasure to be " plun-
dered by a hundred hands, where one can not now
reach it." The objections to it then «ere inheient
in the system, and, being so, no state ol things has
since occuried, or can hereafter occui, which can
remove those objections. Still, we are now asked
to change our giound, and to adopt a proposition
as a matter of expediency, winch received out de-
cided disapprobation, at that time, as a matter oí
principle. No question was ever betiei settled en
pnnoiple than this; and no state of things can
make that expedient now which was wrong m
principle then.
Sir, at that time, the adoption of the State banks
as depositories of the public money was the favo-
rite measure of the administration. Whilst the
contest with the Bank of the United States was go-
ing on, this was the ground taken by the whole
party. It was openly and publicly avowed by
President Jackson, and by every friend of his ad-
ministration. Sir, in the Senate Chamber the
question was frequently and pertinently put by the
friends of the United States Bank, to those who
were opposing it, what will you do lor a substitute
for this institution if it be not re-charteied? The
answer invariably was, the State banks are the
substitute. They are equally adequate to the íe-
ception, safe-keeping, and disbursement of the
public revenue. They will equalize theeuirincv
and facilitate the exchanges «I the countn li
truth, the leadmg friends oí the aclniinisti u o i
deemed the Statp banks competent to peiiorm all
the duties to the Government and to tiecountiy
which the Bank of the United States had perform-
ed. For my own part I never believed they could
perform those duties, in all respects, as well
They lacked the capital and the concert of action
necessary to reader them equal to an institution
which had its branches at all the gitat business
and commercial points of the country, and which,
by one common mteiest, and by one common im-
pulse, could operate more successful^, and with
more facility, than the State banks ooi 'd do, wit i
less means, and with less concert. Cut Í umteivcd
there were other objections to that b ink, which
more than counteibalanced any suppos d advan-
tages which it possessed over the Stale institutions,
Be that, however, a. it may, they ncie put in-
ward by the administration as the only practicable
substitute for a Bank of the United States. At «
the deposites were removed from lhat inhibition,
they were placed with the State banks, winch en-
tered into an arrangement with the Govt inment to
perform all the duties winch had been required of,
and had been performed  by, the B< nk of the
United States.    They entered upon those duties__-
they performed them to the entire sat sf olion of
the President and the Secretary of the Treasury
The annual mes-ages of the one, and ti c annu il
reports oí the other, bear ample testimony to then
competency and fidelity, For tiuee uu:e--ivc
years was the whole nation congratule tc I on toe
entire success of this experiment upon the finances
of the Government and the currency of the c >un-
try. Kay, the people were congratulated upon the
" better currency," which h id been introduced, and
upon the reduction of the domestic exchanges irom
one end ri the Union to the otner, by r vison of th*
superior advantages and the wiser management of
the State banks, to which these duties had been
entrusted. If such were the result of the expen-
ment with the State banks, v hy are wt now asked
to abandon them, and to try the "mined expe-
dient" of the Sub-Treasury scheme' IV hy a'e v¡ e
asked to adopt a measure which we declared, when
it w« formerly prsswsted, was "an efioit to en-
large Executive power, and put m his hands the
means of corruption'" Why are we asked to stu-
stitute it lor a system which the Secretary of the
Tieasury at lhat time declared was "much supe-
nor to individual agents of the United States'"
The answer to all this is, that the experiment has
filled. Does the failure of the experiment remove
the objections which were so strongly urged against
the scheme which we are now called upon to
adopt' Docs it make that scheme less " disor-
ganizing," less "revolutionary?" Does it render
the public trea ure more safe and less liable to be
"plundeied'" Does it cease to "enlarge Executive
powet," and does it take from "its hands the
means of corruption'" No, sir, it does no such
thing- These objections stand in full force against
it They can not, in the nature of things, be re-
moved flora it Then why insist on its adoption'
These objections forbid it, even if the experiment
of the State banks had fai'ed But it has not failed
It has never betn fairly trie I The pecuniary
ptps>ure and embirrassment which have been felt
throughout the United States are without a paial'p]
in the histoi v of our Government. Every class
in the community, but more especially the metcan-
tile i lass, has suffered from the great derangement
of the monetary concerns of the country. This de-
rangement has not been confined to us. It has
pervaded Great Britain, and, in a greater or less
degree, otbei countries of Europe. Intimately con-
nected as England and the United States are m
theii commercial íelations, any cause which ma-
terially affects the one can not fail, m some sort, to
affect the other. It is not my intention, on this
occasion, to trace the causes of the pecuniary em-
barrassment which has pervaded both countnes.
I intend meiely to advert to some of the more im-
medi?te, and which might, peihaps, be termed
secondary causes, so far as they have a bearing
upon the alleged failui e ot the experiment of the
State banks Whilst I agice with the President in
si. nu i f the unvi as i< nd by lnm, I do not think
l< 1 s ti'icn is comprehensive aid enlarged a
tkvv o<. them as further examination and reflec-
tu a w >uld have enabled him to do But enough
his been ^aid to show that the banks could no
longei hold out against the pressure which was
mide upon them, fiom whatever causes it may
hpve originate 1 Public confidence had become
impaired Confidence, the very basis of bank cre-
dit, as well as commercial credit, was taken from
them The suspension of specie payments was
the inevitab'e consequence It was without fault
on thru part I know they have been charged
from a h gh somce with treachery and bad faith
towards the Government and the people Sir, X
ugrct, more on accountof the source fioin whence
suca a clirrgo comes, than for any other reason,
th it ii should have been made against them. It
must have been made Irom misconception or mis-
.íppiüíension, and not fiom a real knowledge of
thai situation, or of the causes which led to the
catastrophe so much deplored Sir, there was no
pioper effort, on the pan of those who could have
ü ne most towards it, to maintain the confidence of
the community m them. On the contrary, every
thing \\ as done to impair it. No sooner had the
war against the Bank of the United States ceased,
th in a war more v íolent and more unrelenting was
« acred against the State institutions. Every means
was employed to impair the public confidence.
1 hi y veré denounced in our legislative halls and
by tne puokc press. Thev were denounced at pub-
I o meetings by those vho advocated an exclusive
j lualhc cunency The Jacobinical terms of " rag
birons" and "iag money" were familiarly intro-
duced into our h.ghest legislative assemblies, and
pdop't 1 by oia highest political journals. The
levelling res dutions of ward and town meetings
were lesponded toby men in high stations, who
«eie thereby tacitly assenting to and encouraging
the anu-bank as well as anti-social doctiines put
fonh on such occasions To cap the climax, the
"Specie circular" was issued by the Executive, di-
recting that gold and silver should be received m
payment for public lands, instead of the notes of
specie-paying banks, as authorized by the joint re-
solution of 1816. By this act, on the part of the
Executive, the confidence of the Government was
withdrawn from the banks, and was a signal to the
people to withdraw theirs also. It can not be ex-
pected that the community shall maintain its confi-
dence in any institutions when the confidence of
the Government is once withdrawn.
The manner m which the Specie circular was is-
sued was another item m the want of confidence
which prevailed through the country. It was is-
sued by the Executive after a decided expression
of one branch of Congress against the propriety of
its adoption. The proposition was introduced by
the Senator from Missouri (Mr. Benton) in the
shape of a resolution, in April, of the session, of
1S3G, and was rejected by an almost unanimous
vote It was again brought forward the latter
part of June, near the close of the session, in the
shppe of an amendment to some public bill, and
was again rejected, and with the same unanimity.
Such was the opinion of the Senate, at that time,
on this measure, and such was its decision, twice
distinctly made. It was considered by every one,
too, as a subject for legislative action. What was
our astonishment, then, when, immediately after
our adjournment, and before we reached our homes,
we ?aw the same measure adopted by Executive au-
thority, which had twice been rejected by the le-
gislative action of the Senate' It is not my inten-
tion to examine the power by which the Executive
issued this order, and thereby created a distinction
between the kind of medium in which different
branches of the revenue were to be received. I do
not doubt that the Executive acted from the most
honest and patriotic motives, and there are those
who believe the ordei operated well, although I am
not one of that number. It was intended to dimi-
nish the amou-it of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands Before its adoption, the amount of
sales had rapidly declined, and would have declined
still more rapidly without any interference ef this
sort. But, when this circular was issued, specula-
tion, which had begun to flag, again revived; and
I have heard oi several well-authenticated cases,
-w here associations and companies, seeing this at-
tempt to shtckle the sales of the public lands, and
believing that, at the then next session of Congress,
the President wi uld recommend to limit the sales to
actual settlers, determined to avail themselves of the
present opportunity, and purchase more than they
other  ise would have done. Such purchases were
more extensively made than they would have bsen.
if the order had not been issued. No, sir; it did
not effect ihe object of diminishing the sales. They
had already begun te- fall off rapidly, and would
have fallen off still moie but foi the Specie ctr-
culai These large associations and companies
had no difficulty m commanding the specie for all
their purposes, and with almost as much facility
as they could have commanded the notes of specie-
paying banks. It was no great hardship on them ,
but it fell with peculiar force upon the individual
purchaser who had merely means sufficient to buy
a quarter section He was compelled to pay a
premium foi specie, which, according to his means,
lendered it oppressive to him. I say then, sir;
that this order d d not answer a single purpose for
which it was issued, but, on the contrary, was pro-
ductive of great and incalculable mischief. I
speak not now of the hardship to individuals; I
allude to the general derangement produced by it
to the moneyed concerns of the countty. The
withdrawal of specie from the Atlantic cities,
where it was wanted, to the Western and South-
western S'ates, where it was not wanted, was the
cause of general distrust and alarm. It was order-
ing it to move against the current. It was com-
manding it to flow up stream. It was deranging
all the concerns of the business community at the
East, without producing any corresponding bene-
fits at the West It was, m fact, injurious to the
West. Any effort to force gold and silver from
one part of the country to another, contrary to the
regular course of business and the laws of trade, is
ever productive of injury. Gold and silver, like
water, will always find their level. They will go
where trade and commerce call them ; and if im-
peded m their regular channel, like a cataract
which has been obstructed, instead of irrigating
and fertilizing the lands through which it naturally
flows, it will carry desolation and destruction to
