Oct. 1837.______________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI!                                 237
Q5tli CoNG....lst Sess.      _____________Making public officers depositories—Mr. Legare.                                            H. of Reps.
life, and an abundant supply of them—is, and
must be, the basis of all other civilization, that is
intended to be high, solid, and lasting. Every real
improvement in the condition of mankind springs
out of, or leads to, the elevating of the standaid of
comfmt among a people. Sir, this is the grand
work—the mission—of modern commerce, which,
in my opinion, is just beginning to develope its
mighty resources—to pour out the inexhaustible
fulness of its treasures, and its blessings. A great
revolution is taking place—lias taken plaee, m hu-
man affairs. War is every day becoming a more
and more remote contingency. I do not say an im-
possibility. I know human nature too well for
that. I am fully aware, too, how many disturbing
causes, growing out of the history of the past, still
exist to prevent the realizing, all at once, of the
great end of Christian civilization, the dream of
Heniy IV, and of Sully—the union of all nations
in a state of peace under the protection of law. I
know, especially, what is to be dieaded in this íe-
spect, from that dark power that hovers over the
confines of Europe and Asia, and throws its vast
shadow over both. But during my last residence
of four years abroad, I saw sufficient groundb of
quarrel, to have led, under the old order of things,
to twenty wars, as spreading and bloody as the
thirty yeais' war, or the seven years' war—and yet
these threatening differences passed harmlessly
away, eloud after cloud dissolved as they rose
above the horizon, leaving the sky more serene than
before. Sir, it is a favonte phrase of those who
boast of what is called the "march of intellect,"
that things are thus changed because the " school-
master is abioad." But I tell you that something
far more effective than the schoolmaster, a mightier
than Solomon, is abroad. It is ihe steam-engine,
in its two fold capacity of a means of production
and a means oí transport—the most powerful instru-
ment by far of pacification and commerce, and
therefore of improvement and happiness, that the
world has ever seen, which, while it increases
capital, and multiplies beyond all imagination the
products of industry, brings the most distant people
into contract with one another—breaks down the
barriers which exclusive legislation would oppose
to the freedom of mercantile exchanges—effaces all
peculiarities of national character, and promises, at
no distant period, to make the whole Christian
world, at least, one great family. Sir, the social
effects of this great instrument of modern impro\ e-
ment, have been s.ngularly promoted by a branch
of industry in which the part of the country I have
the honor to represent is most deeply mteiested,
and I will avail myself of this occasion to call the
attention of the committee to a view of our south-
ern institutions, that may not have occurred to it
before, or made the impression it ought to make
upon them. I beg you, sir, to believe that I do not
speak in what is called a " sectional" spirit, tor I
protest before God that nothing can be lurther from
my heart. But, let not those whose minds have
b.-en recently so much inflamed, against what they
consider as the abomination of domestic servitude,
shut their eyes to the truth. Sir, I allude to the
cultivation of cotton, and its effects, through the
commerce it fosters, upon the condition of society
Whoever shall write the political history of that in-
valuable plant, will have a more important work
to perform than has ever fallen to the lot of a biog-
rapher of statesmen or philosophers. I will ven-
ture to say, without gomg moie into details, that
the single circumstance of bringing the wonder-
fully cheap fabrics produced by modern machinery,
within the reach of even the humblest oí the labor-
ing classes, of substituting decent and comfortable
raiment for the few scanty and filthy rags—the
squalid exterior, which makes po\eity not only
more painful, but at once moie humiliating and de-
grading to its victim, and more disgustful to others
than it ought to be, will signallj contribute to elevate
the condition of the poor in the social scale—to raise
their self-esteem, and to increase the sympathy of
others for them—m a word, to make them feel
themselves men; entitled to a place among men, not
pariahs and outcasts, whose contact is contamina-
tion, A people well clad and well housed will be
sure to piovide themselves with all the othei com-
forts of Jife ; and it is the diffusion of these com-
forts, and the growing taste for them, among all
classes oí society m Europe—it is the desire of
riches, as it is commonly called, that is gradually
putting an end to the destructive and bloody game
of war, and reserving all the resources hitherto
wasted by it, for enterprises of industry and com-
merce, prosecuted with the fiery spirit which once
vented itself m scenes of peril and carnage.
But, sir, the result of all this is, that very in-
equality of wealth, that accumulation of vast mas-
ses of it in a few hands, against which we have
beard so much ssid lately, as if it was something
inconsistent with the liberties the happiness, and
the moral and intellectual improvement of man-
kind. Gigantic fortunes aie acquired by a few
j ears of prosperous commerce—mechanics and
manufacurers rival, and surpass the princes of
the earth m opulence and splendor The face of
Europe is changed by this active industry, working
with such mighty instruments, on so gieat a scale.
I have ti dvehed m parts of the continent which
the spirit of gam, with its usual concomitants, m-
dust"y and improvement, has m\ aded since the
peace, at an interval of fifteen years, and been
struck with the levolution that is going on.
There is a singularly beautiful, though rather
barren tract of country, between Liege and Spa,
where, in 1819, my attention had been principally
attracted by the striking featuies of a mountainous
region, with here and there a rum of the feudal
past, and here and there a hovel of some poor hmd;
the verv haunt of the " Wild Boar of the Ar-
dennes," (see Quenlin Duricurd) in the good old
times of the House of Burgundy. I returned to it
in 1835, and saw it covered with mills and facto-
ries, begrimed with the smoke and soot of steam-
pngm s, its romantic beauty deiormed, its s)lvan
solitudes diStmbed and desecrated by thesoundsof
active industry, and the busy bum of men I
asked what had brought about so great a change,
and found the author of it—a man having a more
numerous band of retainers and dependants than
any baron bold of the fourteenth century, and in
every respect more important than many of the
sovereign princes on the other side of the Rhine—
was an English manufaclurer, who had established
himself there some twenty years ago, without much
capital, and had effected all this by his industry
and enterpuse. Such, sir, is the spirit of the age ,
of course, in this young and wonderfully progres-
sive country, it is mure eager and ardent, and
therefore occasionally extravagant, thin an} wheie
else. But it is in vain to resist it. Nay, I belies e
it worse than vain. It is evidently in the order of
nature, and we. must take it with all its good and
all its evils together. The great design of Pi ovi-
dence, in giving to the most active and enteipnsing
of all races, a new world to possess, to build up
and to adorn, are not to be thwarted by our policy,
even if we thought it good policy to thwart them,
all the instincts of that race would revolt at a sys-
tem which would disappoint its high destiny.
Mr. Chairman, I have made these general le-
marks, because, as you will have perceived, they
have a direct and important beaing upon the collpt-
eral 'ssue piesented by the advocates of this lull,
though not in the bill itself, as something to be ac-
complished hereafter In a country so much gov-
erned by opinion, it is all important that opinion
should be enlightened , and eirois uttered by dis-
tinguished men in high stations, and surrounded
with whatever talent can contribute to lender them
seductive and imposing, cannot, wi'ncut public
detriment, be suffered to pass unnoticed. On this
occasion, as I have alieady intimated, it is far less
the measure proposed, than what I consider as Ire
quo animo of its advocates here and elsewheie, 'hat
has excited my alaims and my opposition But I
have objections, which I wiU now pioceed to state,
to the policy of the bill itself
There are two \ei y distinct quest,ons presented
to the committee. The fust is, shall the re venues
be collec'ed only m gold and sdver, the second,
how shall thev when collected, be kept ard dis-
bursed; shall sxib-ti easurics he esiaohshed by the
Government, or shall banks be employed for that
purpose as heietofore—and if the lattei o nr^e he
preferred, then shall the banks be allowed the use
oí the public deposites, or shall special deposites
only be made with them. It is very evident that
these propositions have no necessary connexion
with each other, and that either of them may be
approved or rejected, by those who do not reject or
approve the other.
As to the collection of the revenue in specie,
my objections are by no means so strong, or I
should say so vehement, now, as they were at the
opening of the session, when gold and silver were
selling at a premium of nine or ten per cent. At
that time it appeared to me that such a measure
would have been a mere wanton act of oppression
upon the people of the States, for no eaithly-good
purpose whatever. It would have been simply
authorizing usurers and money brokers to lay upon
the importers, and, through these, upon the con-
sumers of foreign goods, that is to say, upon the
public, and especially upon the planters of the
south, a tariff of duties, m a good degree arbitrary,
for their o i benefit, and that of the functionaries
of the Government. Believing, as I did and do,
that the paper circulation of the country, from the
great and sudden contraction in consequence of the
panic, was rather too much reduced than redun-
dant, I confess, as I said on a former occasion, I
could not see that justice, at least that equity and
good conscience, made it imperative upon us to
resort to so stern a measure ; especially, as the idea
of furnishing, by that means, a broader metallic
basis for our circulation, had proved itself to our
very senses, to be completely fallacious. We all
now see, that not a dollar collected by the Govern-
ment, and disbursed by its creditors, circulates for
ont moment as money, but is carefully hoarded,
and sold as merchandise, and that it will continue
to be the case, so long as, from any cause whatever,
exchanges shall be unfavorable to the country, is
equally evident.
I admit, that since the fall oí the price of gold
and silver to five per cent., tms objection loses
somewhat of its weight, but it loses none of its
truth. The same law of currency now operates,
though in a mitigated degree, to make it an objec-
tionable measure to repeal the act of 1816, and so
to discredit, pro tanto, all bank notes m perpetuity.
Yes, .sir, to organize panic and perpetuate distrust,
so far as your example has anj weight. And why
do so i What apology have you to make for an
act that certainly requires one1 What public
occasion, w hat pressing exigency requires it' The
message puts the subject, I admit, in a very spe-
cious and captivating form , it supposes the case
of a war, and the Government to find its whole
treasure suddenly turned mto bank credits; and we
are asked whether such a thing could be borne.
But admit that, in case of war, the Government
would be driven to that, and any other measure, of
equal or even greater seventy. What then i Does
it follow that such a system should be unnecessarily
adopted in time of peace 1 But the truth is, that
even in time of war, it would make less difference
to the Government, lhan is generally supposed.
Cer'amly, some of its operations, distant naval ex-
peditions, and the like, would require gold and sil-
ver, aad they must be had, at whatever price, from
withm or from abroad , but, after all, with such
credit as that of the United States now is, it is im-
possible to imagine that the nation should be em-
bairassed, even for a single moment, bv the failure
of its banks to pay some millions m gold and silver
L< ok u.t England, in the eventful period between
the suspension of pa}ment in '97, and the peace of
1815 It is now universally confessed, that that
measuie, and tnat measure alone, boldly empirical
as it was once thought, enabled her to sustain the
burdens of that temblé conflict, and to achieve a
tnumoh wouh} of hei generous constancy undei
misfoitune I do rot, therefore, see how even the
necess «IPs of war would compel Government,
ab" ini'ing m suoh resources of public credit as no
other Government ever enjojed, to resort to a
measiue so novel, so harsh, so mcons.stent with
the established ordei of things m the country, and
wiln all the habits of the people.
But the great objection with me, is that which
appears from a passage quoted by the gentleman
fiom Vuginia, (Mr. Garland,) to have presented
itself to Mi Dillas, ui lbló You will do some
harm by  refusmg bank paper; considering how
