248                                    APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,                     Sept. 1837.
25th Cong....1st Skss.
Postponement of fourth instalment—Mr. Wise.
cans would vole against it, and go, as they have
ever gone, for the utmost extravagance. lam sorry,
sir, the opposition, just at this crisis, has been di-
vided; a part of us, it seems, has gone over to the
enemy—or the enemy, as the phrase is, has eome
over to them. Sir, I know that I was side by side
with the gentleman last spring, and both, side by
side wA national republicans, fighting manfully,
shoulder to shoulder, to reform this Government.
1 expected to find that gentleman with us again.
Is there a fear that the national republican camp
is becoming too strong—or, rather that the opposi-
tion 14 becoming too strong too fasti—That our
power is nottending in the right direction? I hope
not sir; I hope not. I claim to be of the Slate rights
party myself, and I am far from being ashamed
to unite with nationals, or any party of men who
are at heart patriots, to pull down a rotten dynas-
ty which has disgraced the Government and ru'iied
the people, and which, as a party, transcends infi-
nitely! m principles and in practice,any latitmima-
ri3n party which ever existed m this country.
True, the" nationals, when in power, did advocate
and adopt systems of tariff and internal improve--
ment, but does the gentleman from South Carolina
(Mr. Pickens) find his company improved 1 Are
not his new friends infinitely worse than his" old
ones'! Yes, sir, if the nationals contend for strong
powers in a strong Federal Government, they place
those powers where they belong if they exist—they
balance them and check them—they give them to
ihelegisiatire department—to kings, lords, and com-
mons. But your patent Jackson-Van-Bnren party
goes for the same powers, and even for stronger, in
" the Gocernment," and " the Government," is the
king alone with them! All power thev give to the
Executive, and are now bent on transfeiring to the
President, not only the custody and control of the
public money, but the regulation of the value of
monev, and of the entire currency! Such isthe dif-
ference between the gentleman's new friends and
his old ones. Will his new friends not go for ex-
travagant appropriations also1? Does the .gentle-
man not remember the harbor-bill case, when the
Van Buren parry shows that its principles against
internal improvements are exactly in pioportion to
its interests! [Here Mr. Wise related the case of
striking out the 30,000 dollar item from the harbor
bill, &c] Sir, the gentleman's new friends are
worse in every pomt of view than his old.
[Mr. Pickens interposed. He had not taken
company with any but the State rights party of
South Carolina. The administration had come to
hi;n.]
Mr. Wish. I suppose, then, sir, the opposition has
left the gentleman from South Carolina, for ccrtam-
lv he was with us. My colleague from Virginia
(Mr. Garland) is in a somewhat similar, though
o,);iosite, predicament. The administration has left \
him. It is the same thing, sir, as if he had left the
administration. They will tell him, that a man
abandoned is an abandoned man! Sir, if the gen-
tleman does not follow the party round every turn,
however short the angle, they will kill him off-
shoot him as a deserter, just as soon as ;f he refused
to follow them in a straight line
But, sir, to my last ob)ection to this bill. Tfvou
dcmonstiate that Government cannot get along
without postponing this fourth instalment, I will
no'vote for the bill. Why? Because it is r> part
of a patching system, which violates all Scripture.
You are adding new cloth to an old garment, and
making the rent worse. I am not for patching up
the tattered garment of your Treasury. I want a
new garment entire. The Government is able, 1
contend, to hide with anew suit its present naked-
ness. I desire to take up some measure for per-
manent, radical relief. I know not what is to he
the effect of these little detached bills. Thev all
throutrli seem to be parts of one great whole, which
I dread.
I am afra,J, sir, at everv step, that I am voting
for a mammoth Treasury bank. J will support no
bill fo. jig relief of the Treasury until 1 know what
is the general system of finance to he proposed. I
do not beiieve that anv such general system will be
proposed in good faith. T believe you have called
us to pass these bills to add to your pi.vrer of mis-
chief—to appropriate millions more to that dis-
graceful Florida war; and then you intend to pro-
rogue Parliament—to send us home. No, sir; I
shall Wait until you propose your sub-treasury
scheme. I desire to join issue with the first mes-
sage of the successor, as I did with the last message
of the predecessor. 1 desire to discuss whether
this Goverment shall draw its life-blood from the
people, and then if the people are to be told that
they have no right to demand of this Government
relief! What relief! A grant of money? No!
The}' deign not to come to you as beggars. They
demand of you the discharge of duties, and the
faithful exercise of trusts. They demand that you
shall so exercise your legitimate powers, and dis-
charge your Government duties, in collecting taxes,
raising revenue, in paying your debts, in perform-
ing all your functions, that you shall not rum and
oppress them; that you shall, in one word, so regu-
late finance as not to destro)' commerce! Th"se
issues and more I desire to discuss on the sub-
treasury bill; but it will never come up. Some
gentlemen will find themselves deceived; they
should have taken bond and security that the ad-
ministration meant to carry out its policy recom-
mended before thev committed themselves fully to
it. I promise my friend (Mr. Pickens) that I will
unite with him to have that scheme discussed and
acted on, but 1 warn him that he is to be left in the
lurch.
Sir, gentlemen.still harp upon the issue of bank
or no bank. This only convinces me of the truth
of my apprehensions, from the fact which I see
daily before my eves. Why does the administra-
tion still, Palstaff like, pierce the thrice-smitten
corpse of the monster, which now, like Lazarus,
stinketh in the sepulchre? Why press this issue
on Congress? Sir, a friend wrote to me the other
day, from Baltimore, inquiring, what would be
done? I replied: nothing; because, at this lime
the admimsttation has not the force to be willing,
and not the willingness to be forced. I meant—to
charter a national bank! The friends of that mea-
sure—I m^an those who look to it in the end—will
not now siand up to be knocked down; and why
does the administration insist on raising us up to
prostrate us > Sir, is it not monstrous that, in times
tike these, when we are convoked by the President
himself to hea, national calamities and diseases,
when the Government, we are told, is bankrupt, and
the people are ortamly suffering, the administra-
tion iisell should be proposing negative proposi-
tions ? Instead o! urging a bill or resolution which
will provide -y'ict, that they should be pressing
upon the time and attention of this short, called
session, a resolution -imply to condemn a measure
which is not propose, as one which will not give
relief? Was ever sucn a proposition before heard
of Is not this mockery -mockery—cruel mockery
of the public distress? And this too by the only
true friends, the only true lovers of the people ! By
a party to which the people have been so kind, in-
dulgent, and confiding, to a r'tnlt' GreatGod, sir, I
am sick—1 go to a physician—I cry for relief from
sickening pain—I ask, what will cure me? He
folds his arms, and, with sang froid, most mur-
derously replies, " rhubarb vill do no good ; calomel
is inexpedient!" He gives no cordial—applies no
balm that will cure—but names numerous useless
remedies that will not cure! Why do gentlemen
not go through the whole catalogue of useless and
inexpedient remedies, of negative propositions?
Is the Bank of the united States the only inexpe-
dient remedy? If not, why name it alone? By
naming all inexpedient means we may arrive at
what means are expedient. But, sir, we are not
thus to be trifled with and taunted by paltry poli-
ticians.   We cry for relief!—relief!—a remedy !__
speedy remedy'—the patient is now suffering, and
requires immediate aid ! Sir, to turn from grave
to comic—the gentleman from New York reminds
me of the wood-cutter, in the '-hare story." My
friend from Tennessee, (Mr. Bell,) who has a
wondrous penchant for anecdotes, thinks it the best
story he ever heard: A sportsman was pursuing
his same, a rabbit, he came up with a wood-cutter:
!' did you see a rabbit run this way?" " Ha!" "A
rabbit?" "Was it yellow?" "Yes." "Had it large
eyes?" "Yes" " Did you see it? "Long ears?"
"Oh, yes i" '• Did you spe it? "Had it a white
tniP"""Yes, did veil see it?" " Did it jump when
it run ?" " Yes." " Had it a white tail ?'" " Yes' do
tell me, did you see it ?" " No—a—I never seed it'"
So, sir, we have been chasing a remedy, like the
sportsman the rabbit, and, comingup with the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, we
ask him if he has seen it. After describing the
very thing wanted himself—he says, "no, I never
seed it!" Yes. sir, he and his party have seen it •
they know very well what it is like ; it has all the
earmarks of the Bank of the United States: and
H. of Reps.
gladiy, gladly would they take that remedy, and
acknowledge it as their own, if they dared. By this
negative proposition they have put out "a feeler,"
to ascertain whether they dare. Is such a party to
be trusted by the people ?
Sir, we were told by my colleague from Virginia,
(Mr. Jones,) that the legislation of Congress has
worked injuriously to the south; he cited the tariff
and the bank. Sir, I deny that the bank ever inju-
red the south. At the proper time I am ready to
argue that proposition with my colleague. I admit
that the north has derived the most benefit, but I
deny that the south has sustained the least injury,
from the credit system. They have, by all means,
internal, improvements and every encouragement
of trade, enlarged their capacities for receiving the
benefits of the credit system. We have been wait-
ing for the waters of the stream to pass on before
we cross over. We have been backward and tar-
dy in improvements; they have built cities and
brought to them western worlds for a back coun-
try. We have always regarded the agricultural
as inimical to the commercial and trading interests;
the north has always treated them as mutually de-
pendent and identical. We have practised upon
the theory that we must have capital before we have
trade; they have rcver-ed the maxim, and saidthey
must trade before they have capital, and internal
improvements before they can have either! The
credit system makes them rich, it is true, without
making us poor. And let me ask my colleague, if
legislation by Congress has injured the south, what
has Executive legislation done for the south? Ad-
mitting that the north is most benefited by the cre-
dit system, yet what of the converse? What has
the destruction of the credit system done for the
south? Upon what section has the loss fallen? The
Executive war upon the credit system has cost the
south this year forty millions on cotton! The curse
has fallen on us, as it ever will when credit is im-
paired. The northern manufacturer may stop his
loom, the northern merchant cease to import, but
the cotton is growing, or in bale, and is sure to be
under the dead-fall of the money market. The ex-
periment has cost the south more than ever the
justly odious tariff did. Yet, sir, my colleague still
urges another experiment. He says our Govern-
ment is but an experiment, and one yet destined to
make despots tremble on their thrones. Sir, let me
warn my colleague if the party goes on experiment-
ing, experimenting as thay have been experiment-
ing for the last four years, they will place a money
despot on onr Executive throne, whose political and
purse power will make the liberties of this country
tremble and totter from their base! Hemaygoon,
and go on accumulating these immense revenue
powers in the hands of the President, he may de-
nounce a United States Bank as inimical to civil
liberty, and then think to secure that very liberty
by a Treasury Bank; but if the folly of his course
is not eventually demonstrated in tears and in blood,
I will confess that my present alarms and dreadful
apprehensions of a moneyed despotism have been
causeless and senseless. Sir, these experiments
will seat a despot firm fixed on his throne; if you
part with your money power, you can never re-
claim it. You will arm power with the power of
retaining power. I trust in God gentlemen do not
mean to carry out their schemes. The President
very meekly disclaims, voluntarily disclaims, his
Cscsar-hke aversion to putting on the imperial
purple and the crown—to assuming this awful
money power; and I do fervently pray that the
people will be still more disinclined to yield than
he is to take upon himself this tremendous union of
the money with the political power of the Govern-
ment!
Note —Below 13 the letter furnished by Mr. Cambkelsno.
New Yohk, May 10,1837.
My Dear Sir : I have just learned that some of onr friend 
(I heard the Bank Commissioners named) were to go to Albany
this afternoon to get the legislature to suspend or repeal that
part of our hank law relating to the suspension of specie pay.
ments. Such a measure, it seems to me, would be bad in every
point of view. The hank party have inflicted upen theni 
selves as a party a fatal blow, and have established a commer-
cial precedent, which, 'if saictioned in !any manner by the le
gislature, will lead to a suspension of specie payments at the
commencement of every pressure, which would be very differ-
ent in its effects from that which has now occurred, after credit,
prices, bankinir.ana every kind of trade are reduced so low that
our city bank paper and specie are nearly on a par for all the
purposes of trade.
Very tnilv, yours.
