288__________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                   Sept. 1837.
25th Cong....1st Sess.                                 Postponement of fourth instalment—Mr. Fillmore.                                             II. of Reps.
deny that the retributive hand of justice is seen in
their sufferings
Sir, m corroboration of what I have said about
tnif, being a war of the State banks again t the
United States BanU,got up by designing polit'cians,
I will mention a few facts connected wi'h ,t little
secret history on this subject in my ov n Stit"
It is Known, sir, that we hive a peculiar system
of banking in the Slate of New York, called the
safety-fund system     It had its origin  with  Mr.
Van Buien, when Governoi of that Stale in IBS')
Although he did not cl.iiin the merit of an oiigmal
inventor, yet he adopted it as his ovv n, and recom-
mended u to the legislature.   This svslem, sit, es-
tablishing a community  of in'erest  between ihe
banks, and being under the immediate sypeivision
of three bank   commissioiersi is admirably  well
c t'culated for use as a political engine     It was no
sol net put in, operation, than it was brought  to
be i upon the legishiure of that Stpie     In 1830
or 1 "531, "ubile I was. honoied with a seat in the
legislature of that State, resolutions were  intro-
duced into  that  body against a recharter oí  the
United States Bank     These resolutions, sir origi-
nated with the hanks in that State     Not one «oli-
tarj petition fiom the  people on tbit subjo'  had
been presented to th > legislature     The banl    then
had three branches in tli it Slate   one at New Ymk,
one at Utica, and one at Buft.ilo , ind the pn pie
were contente 1 iv itn  the oiincncy which   tho fur-
nished.    No  nraimiu, no  comp'ainl,  «as  heard
from the people     Cut, sn, day bv diy,as ihe e
lesolutions were nndir discussion m  that le«is'a
tire, the birds of ill-omen, th ttdnl in bank stock,
hovered round thvthall and watched th" progie ,s
of this unholy proceeding with an intense anxiety
But no 1 aimers, no i>" chtiucs, were there    They
had not been  consulted, the) took  no mteiesl m
the proceeding     They hid io sh.iK   at tint time
in this conspiracy of tt    Hi <  b n\^  'nns1 the t
interest    Tin y weie dilvug at tluii  laboi,  and
slumbeiirig m  srcurirj,  whde  these bmks weie
forging the   chains  with  \ilwh they  have since
bound them.    Yes, sir, I was informed, and I be-
lieve it, that n ghtlj, during the discussion oí those
resolutions, their suppoitersin the legishtuis met
in conclave, in one oí the ptmcipal banks m that
city, to devise  ivajs and  means to   carrv  them
through     They vwre earned.   These banks  with
¡he aid of the   p my si lews, proved  too  powerful
/<>t the link penitence ant  honesty ol  that body,
and the it nit waspiocl mini as the sense ot the
people of that ficat Ri it   a     n>t lht Un.ied St ids
Bank      This butt  1m ' , mi    h i I   is lew i>d — H
s'urtd   tie ¡pmh     15m,  sn,  my  lolluirue  (Air
Fost i) has taken, oct asum   t>  eulogi/f tlj s sikt\-
fimd svslem     líesiysiíu  iK    Id,     >   dial in.    I
shall not deiu, sn, lh  I ¡f has some good qualities,
but I am fai liom  thinking it so  chinning < ■>  my
honorable colleague     I doubt not it appeaisso, sn,
to mail} who share m  us golden  lmic-t, and  en-
joy its exclusive pindegis    but io  the gicat  ma-
jority of  Ihe people, who, like myself, tieal not in
bank stock, but occnonilly set o> (eel the tyranny
of thes^ lili'e monsli ,, the working of this political
engine is any thing but chainung     Sr  I coneeve
It had its origin in the foul cmbiaces ol  politic íl
ambition, and cunning,  heartless  ayanco      " tt
was o neeived in-in, „iul brought forth in iniquity "
It has spread its bilefel influente ovci  that State,
cjmiptmgtliei   >ntairis oí p «m, pnd dem lali/ug
the whole community, by ihe maimei in which :i=
pmiiegis lvve beengianled <nd its stot K dis-ubut-
ed     B inks have leen gran'xl, r-ivl the stocks tks-
t ibi It f, to party Cayentes, asi íeward (oí  parir
se'\ices     Tliev  have  been the ui'rceitai)   bide
ofTeied to the c nimmnty ti> >ap ihe foundal oils rf
moral honrvj and political in'egnti      But I will
mt cntej into iht   di    usjng details     As to those
who wish to -"e the   v oiLiw^ of  this chai mi ig sys-
tem of m> colleagie, 1 vim lefei mem ti an elim-
ination of oto State le< is'al m 1 ist winter, and the
proceedings of that b >di upm     In   lepoit 'I  then
committee upon a single'nnk     I believe the very
day oil which the repoi t v as nW°, i<  sho i ed such
abominable comvption and "buses, that a   bi'l was
introduced to repeal its ehaiter, and, withm one oi
two days, passed tnrough all thi  forns of   it, --h-
tton in the popular branch without a dissentiveí ote,
and also pa «ed the Senate with but thiee or four
votes, sgainst it Does ray honorable ddlcgue
think that a system which produces banKs like this,
works like a charm 1 But, sir, I perceive that this,
incestuous connexion between the politics and
banks of that Stale has been festering and corrupt-
ing until it is about to fall asunder from its own
rottenness I, for one, have no fears to shed at the
dissolution. 1 only regret lhat many of these banks,
since they were chartered, have passed into the
hands of honest and honorable men. I fear that
the odium which rests upon this coriupt system,
andyyhioh, in my opinion, is nowise necessarily
connected wuh banking, will sink the whole,
without discnmmation. The vengeance of an m-
sjlted and oppressed community is leinble and
overwhelming in its course It stops not always to
discriminate between the just and the unjus', between
the proper use and improper abuse of a paiticular
system , but, in the wild madness of popular fury,
they hurl the whole to destruction. I warn them
to stav their desolating hands All sudden changes
are dangerous. Let us not destroy, but punfy this
odious system We cannot live without banks and
banking Credit m «ome shape is indispensable
to our prospeuty Were we reduced to a spec e
circulation, as now proposed by the Piesi lent, pro-
perty would not be w oith twenty five per cent what
it now is, and would soon be wholly absorbed
bv the wealthy capitalists of our country The
debtor part of the community would be utteily
ruined Then let us purge this vile svstem of it- 
con uptions and abuses, and strip if ol its odious
monopoly, and open the privilege of banking Io all
who comply with such prescribed rules of the le-
gislature as secure the bill-holder and public gene-
rally from fraud and imposition I hope, sn, to
live to see the day when this shall be done, an I ihe
moral pestilence of political bmks and banking
shall be unknown
Mi F here went into an eximiniti >n io sho v
that the pretence m the message, that theie hid
been the same ovei-bankmg and ovei-trading in
England as in this counliy, was not true He ex-
hibi'ed tables tint show the following results
October I. 1833, circulation c f the Bank of Ens-
land ......¿£10,800,000
Dt'cembei 87, 183G,      do       do       17,300,000
December 23, 1833, circulation of
all  the banks   m England and
Wales.....¿£27,621,104
Ju e 2r-  1836 (iicnlafion of ail the
liinks in Englmd and Wales - 29 336]%
Mi F 1'ien spi ke of the hostility of the Ad-
mmisiiation to Ihe deposite ¡an, and its ittempfs,
by means of the specie encu'at and transfer drafts,
to oppiess the banks, and, through them, the peop'e,
and render the law odious , and lhat the last effort
was to dtclaie the Treasury bankrupt and withhold
the funds
lie Ihen exhibited a statement showing lhat the
banks in the State of New York, had on__
Incuculahon.    Specie          Diicmnti
Jan. 1, 1837   ¿,24,198,000 46 5.->7,020 «9 313,188
Sept  1, 18*7    13,740,318   2,747,642    59,367,815
Red ,n8mos ^10,457,682 $3,809 378 ^19,943 373
Sem I 1837 SVmU A s'ates deposites f728,r>7l
'           '¿Individual deposites   V 5,134,968
Now, su,it appears from these facts, ihat the
banks m the State of New Yoik, in eijil months,
hive i educed their discounts one-fourth , their cir'
dilation near one-half, and their specie aim st
two-llurd- The people oí th?i Stat" are literally
gasping for breath, like an anurnl undti the ex-
hausted leceivei ol the experimentalist And if
von piss tins bill, you authorize the United States
to take all but $2,000,000 of ihe specie now remain-
ing in that gieat State, and lock it upm your vaults
ol this new sub-Treasmy system \ndy>uleave
tie bill-holders and individual depos tms of that
Sta.e with upwards of $25,000,000 due them from
the banks, and only $2,000,000 of specie to pay
them with
Sir, however solvent these banks mav be it is,
impossible ihat they should ever resume speeie'pay-
ments under circumstances  like  these.    This sub-
Treasury scheme, which I íegaid as the germ ol
a Treasury bank, will diayv the specie from our
banks taster than they can collect it. The Post
Office now acts as an absorbent of all the small
change in the countrv. Where the edict of the
officer at the head ot that department is faithfully
executed, all the specie is gathered into the Post
Office, paid out to the mail contractors, and by them
sold io the brokers, by whom it is sold as a com-
modity, and shipped out of the country. In this
way it daily grows more and more scaice, and has
almost teased to be used as a circulating medium
among ihe people This sub-Treasury system is
calculated lo eai ry out this infamóos distinction
between the Government and the people— lo absorb
all the specie foi the use of the Governnent and
its favorites, and leave the peop'e to irredeemable
bank paper , and this bill, with the bankrupt law
recommended by the President, is calculated to
take " peaceably if they can, but forcibly if they
must," all the specie from the banks, and hoard it
up for the use of the oflice-holdars under this Gov-
ernment Sir, theie are evils between which a
man is not bound to choose , he may reject both.
And I íegarel this sub-Treasury system, and the
union of the Government with the State banks, as
ev lis of tins character. I will not choose • I am
opposed to both.
But have my colleagues, who profess to be the
• guardians of these State banks, who call themselves
" conservativa," duly considered the awful preci-
pice upon which we stand m Ihe State of New
York ? Aie you willing, instead of adding $1,300-
000 to our circulation in this time of distress, to
piss 'his bill, and thereby not only withhold that,
but take from us the §700,000 now there m specie ?
Recollect that all our safety-fund banks are mcor-
porued under a layv that declares that thev shall be
deemed ins lvent, and their charters dissolved by
Ihe Court of Chmcery, if they neglect, for ninety
davs afiei demand, to ledeem any evidence of debt
issued by them in specie The effest of that law
has been suspended foi one y ear, and for one year
only, fiom the llth day of May last. It will then
expue by its own limitation, and can then only be
renewed bv the concurrence of each branch of the
legislature. Is there not much reason to doubt
whether this law will be extended ? It was passed
in a moment of alarm, when the cry of bankruptcy
and rum bioke upon the astonished ear of the
legislatuie like a peal of thunder from a cloudless
sky But they and the people have since had time
to refiec This is a slate of things that cannot be
endured, and most of tne measures here recom-
riiided aie calculated to aggravate it in a ten-fold
degree Men btcome desperate, and already the
deep sea of popular commotion begín  to heave its
rising billows. I confess I watch its motions with
solicitude and alarm And 1 have been surprised
to find, in the papéis of the day, a letter fiom Gen.
tackson, the former patron and eultgistoi these
pet banks, speaking of them in the following lan-
guage
' The history of the woil I has never recorded such bass
trc vchi nv ASDPKutmvd h ib been columna d hy the (lepo-ue
bmks a-unsi tin Oovunmerit antl purely w th the view of
-mnlun0 liiDDiE ami the Barisgs and, by the suspension of
specie payniim , denial/, embairás^, anil Reís, ir they
eoi i n TULin own colsth\ foi the selfiih views of making
ln^t p ontabv l írniviní out millions of depreciated paper upon
ihe people belling then specie at laigepiemmms, and buij
mj up /tun on npapcr (it discounts of fiom luenty filR to
liuitif/icr cent , ill now tollón? foiivml to he indulgid m
the l specula! ons foi yeais to come, beioie the) resume sptcie
I a-vne ila
But, sir, although I have been surprised to see
'he foregoing charge, I must confess that I have
been more suiprioed to see it published to the
world, week afier week, and meet wuh no rtsponse
or denial from any man on this floor or ebewhere.
Are gentlemen Conservatives awaie of the effect of
such a publication upon the popular mind i Let
me tell ihem it bears upon it  tainted breath, if false,
a charge too foul for honest and honorable men to
submit to in silence It distils into the ignorant
and credulous mind a poison more dangerous to
the peace of society than foieign invasion or indi-
vidual treason And is there no honorable man
connected with these institutions, or who stands
upon this floor as their guardian, that will deny the
foul charge ofIt eacho y and perfidy thus made against
them'   Why this unaccountable silence under a
