CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
State, for the unexpired term occasioned by the re-
signation ef the Hon. Bedford Bbown, appeared,
■was qualified, and took his seat in the Senate.
Mr. FULTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to-
Resolved, That a message be sent to the House
of Representatives, informing that body that a
quorum of the Senate is assembled, and that they
are ready to proceed to business.
A message was received from the House of Re-
presentatives, stating that a quorum of that body
was assembled, and were ready to proeeed to
business.
A message was also received from the House of
Representatives, stating that they had passed the
following joint resolution.
Resolved, That a committee be appointed on the
part of this House, to join such committee as may
be appointed on the part of the Senate, to wait on
the President of the United States, and inform
him that a quorum of the two Houses is assem-
bled, and that Congress is now ready receive any
communication he may be pleased to make.
¡¡8 And that Mr. Taliaferro and Mr. Cave John-
son were appointed the said committee on the
part of the House,
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT the message of
the House was concurred in, whereupon Messrs.
Wrwht and Huntingdon were appointed the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate.
Mr. LUMPKIN offered the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to-
Resolved, That each Senator be supplied during
the present session with three such newspapers
printed in any of the States as he may choose; pro-
vided the same be furnished at ths usual rate for
the annual charge for such newspapers, and pro-
uided that, if any Senator shall choose to take any
newspaper other than daily papers, he shall be
supplied with as many such papers as shall not ex-
ceed the pnce of three daily papers.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana offered the following
resolution; which was considered and agreed to.
Resolvei, That the 34th rule of the Senate be so
far suspended that the presiding officer of the Se-
nate shall appoint, for the present session, the mem-
bers of all the standing committees, with the excep-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce; and that the Senate shall, previously to such
appointment, elect by ballot, the chairman of that
committee.
A message was received from the House of Re-
presentatives, stating that it had passed a resolution
for the election of two Chaplains of different deno-
minations, to officiate alternately in either branch
of Congress during the present session, and asking
the concurrence of the Senate therein.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Joint Committee ap-
pointed te wait on the President of the United
States, and inform himvtbat a quorum of the two
Houses had assembled/and were ready to receive
any communications he might be pleased to make,
reported that they had performed that duty, and
that the President had replied that he would im-
mediately make a communication to them m
writing.
MESSAGE OP THE PRESIDENT.
The following message from the President of the
United States was received by Mr. Van Burén, his
Private Secretary:
Fellow-citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives i
Our devout gratitude is doe to the Supreme Be-
ing for having graciously continued to our beloved
country, through the vicissitudes of another year,
the invaluable blessings of health, plenty, and
peace. Seldom has this favored land been so ge-
nerally exempted from the ravages of disease, or
the labor of the husbandman mora amply reward-
ed, and never before have our relations with other
countries been placed on a more favorable basis
than that which they so happily occupy at this criti-
cal conjuncture in the affairs of the world. A ri-
gid and persevering abstinence from all interfer-
ence with the domestic and political relations of J
other States, alike due to lh« genius and distinc-
tive character of our Government and to the prin-
ciples by which it is directed, a faithful observance,
in the management of oar foreign relations, of the
practice of speaking plainly, dealing justly, and
requiring truth and justice in return, as the best
conservatives of the peace of nations; a strict im-
partiality in our manifestations of fnendsh'p, m
the commercial privileges we concede, and those
we require from others, these, accompanied by a
disposition as prompt to maintain, in every emer-
gency, our own rights, as we rea from principle
averse to the invasion of those offothers, have given
to our country and Government a standing in
the great family of nations, ot which we have just
cause to be proud, and the advantages of which
are experienced by our citizen1; throughout every
portion of the earth to which their enterprising
and adventurous spirit may carry them. Few, if
any, remain insensible to the value of our friend-
ship, or ignorant of the terms on whieh it can be
acquired, and by which it can alone bs pre-
served.
A series of questions of long standing, diffinult
in their adjustment, and important in their conse-
quences, in which the ngb's of our citizens and
the honor of the country were deeply involved,
have, m the course of a few years, (ihe most of
them during the succesful administration of my
immediate predecessor,) been brought to a saps-
factory conclusion; and the most important of those
remaining are, 1 am happy to believe, in a fair
way of being speedily and satisfactorily ad-
justed.
With all the powers of the world our relations
are those of honorable peace Since your adjourn-
ment, nothing serious has occurred to interrupt
or threaten this desirable harmony. If clouds have
lowered above the o'her hemisphere, they have not
cast their portentous shadows upon our happy
shores. Bound by no entangling alliances, yet
Jinked by a common nature and interest with'he
other nations oí mankind, our aspirations are for
the preservation of peace, in whose solid and civil-
izing triumphs all may participate with a generous
emulation. Yet it behooves us to be prepared for
any event, and to be always ready to maintain hose
just and enlightened principles of national inter-
course, for which this Government has ever con-
tended. In the shock of contending empires, it is
only by assuming a resolute bearing, and clothing
themselves with defensive armor, that neutral na-
tions can maintain their independent rights.
The excitement which grew out of the territorial
controversy between the United States and Great
Britain having in a great measure subsided, it is
hoped that a favorable period  is   approaching for
ts final settlement    Both Governments must now
be convinced of the dangers with which  the ques-
tion is fraught; and it must be their desire, as it is
heir interest, that this perpetual cause of irritation
should be removed as speedily as practicable    In
my last ¡annual message you were  informed that
the proposition for a commission of exploration and
survey promised  by Great Britain had been re-
ceived, and that a counter pioject, including also a
provision for the certain and final  adjustment of
the limits in dispute, was  then before the Br.twh
Government for its consideration.   The answer of
that  Government,   accompanied  by   additional
propositions of   its  own, was received, through
its minister here, since your separatwn.     These
were    promptly    considered,    such    ss    were
deemed   correct   in   principle,   and   consistent
with   a  due   regard  to  the just rights of the
United States and of the State of Maine, concurred
in; and the reasons for dissenting from the residue,
with an additional suggestion on our part, commu-
nicated by the Secretary of State to Mr Pox   That
Minister, not feeling himself sufficiently instructed
upon some of the points raided in the discussion,
ftlt it to be his duty to rerer the matter to his own
Government for its further decision.   Having now
been for some time under its advisement, a speedy
answer may be confidently expected.   From the
character of the points still in difference, and the
undoubted disposition of both parties to bring the
matter to an early conclusion, I look with entire
confidence to a prompt and satisfactory termina- J
tionof the negotiation. Toiee commissioners were '
appointed shortly after the adjournment of Con-
gress, under the act of the last session providing
for the exploration and suivey of the line which
separates the States of Maine and New Hampshire
from the British Provinces, ihey have been ac-
tively employed until their progress was interrupted
by the inclemency of the season, and will resume
their labors as soon as practicable m the ensuing
year.
It is understood that their respective examina-
tions will throw new light upon ihe subject in con-
troversy, and serve to remove any erroneous im-
pressions which may have been made elsewhere
prejudicial to the rights of the United States. It
was, among other reason , with a view of prevent-
ing the embarrassments which, in our peculiar sys-
tem of government, impede and complicate nego-
tiations involving the tenitonal rights of a State,
that I thought it my dnty, as } ou have been in-
formed on a previous occasion, to propose to the
British Government, through its Minister at
Washington, that early steps should be taken to
adjust the points of difference on the line of
boundary from the entrance of Lake Superior to
the most northwestern point of the Lake of the
Woods, by the arbitration of a friendly power, m
conformity with the seventh article of the treaty oí
Ghent No answer has yet been returned by the
British Government to this proposition.
With Austria, Prance, Prussia, Russia, and the
remaining powers of Europe, I am happy to in-
form you our relations cntinue to be of the most
friendly character With Belgium, a treaty of
commerce and navigation, based upon liberal prin-
ciples of reciprocity and equality, was concluded in
March last, and having been ratified by the Bel-
gian Government, will be duly laid before the Se-
nate. It is a subject of congratulation that it pro-
vides for the satisfactory adjustment of a long
standing question of controversy, thus removing the
only obstacle which could obstruct the fnsndly and
mutually advantageous intercourse between the
two nations. A messenger has beea despatched
wuh the Hanoverian treaty to Berlin, where, ac-
cording to stipulation, the ratifications are to be
exchanged. I am happy to announce to you that,
after many delays and difficulties, a treaty of com-
merce and navigation between the United States
and Portugal, was conc'uded and signed at Lisbon
on the 2bth of August last, by the plempoteniianes
of the two Governments. Its stipulations are
founded upon those principles of mutual liberality
and advantage which the United States have al-
ways sought to make the basis of their intercourse
with foreign powers, and it is hoped they will tend
to foster and strengthen the commercial intercourse
of the two countries.
Under ihe appropriation of the last session of
Congress, an agent has been sent to Germany, for
the purpose of promoting the interests of our to-
bacco trade.
The commissioners appmted under the conven-
tion foi the adjustment ef claims of citizens of
the United S'ates upon Mexico having met and
organized at Washington, in August las!, the pa-
pers in the possession of the Government, relating
to those claim", were communicated to the board.
Tne claims not embraced by that convention are
now the subject of negó íation between the two
Government , through the medium of our Minister
at Mexico.
Nothing has occurred to disturb the harmony of
our relations with the different Governments of
South America I regret, however, to be obliged
to inform you that the claims of our citizens upon
the late Republic of Colombia have not} et been
satisfied by the separate Governments into which it
has been resolved.
The Charge d'Affaires at Brazil having expressed
the m'ention of his Government not to prolong the
treaty of 3828, it will cease to bs obligatory upon
either party on the 12ih day of December, 1841,
when the extensive commercial intercourse be-
tween the United States and that vast empire will
no longer be regulated by express stipulations
It affords me pleasure to communicate to you
that the Government of Chili has entered into an
agreement to indemnify the claimants in the case
of the Macedonian, for American property seized
m 1819, and to add, that mfotmation has also been
