CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             li
The first remedy sought in 1816, by the esta-
blishment of a National Bank, was supposed, during
a few ensuing years, to have aggravated those evil'-,
and the next remedy, adopted in 1824 by a high ta-
riff, did not prevent the low prices and bankrup*-
eies of 18'25, which covered the country with
wrecks and rum.
Undoubtedly, the best relief on sach occasions is
to be loand in removing the cause of the dis ave
So far as regards the General Government, th s
was attempted in 1837, and since, b/ gradually
withdrawing from, tne use of banks aid their pa-
per in its fiscal opera ions, so as neither to s min-
iate nor cc ntract their issues by other influences
than ordinary business and by urging on those,
who might find their employment sometimes U'-efu1,
a closer regard in doing it, to the sale and sober in-
fluences of the universal laws of trade, as well as
an mfl xible adherence to the consutu íonal stan-
dard of value
Wmle the General Government shall continue to
pursue such a course, it will mu ga'e and check the
evils which others produce, and which they alone,
under the limitations in the Constitution, are able
entirely to remove. At all evert-, it will faithfully
perform a momentous duty, and exhibit a useful
example for ímita'io .
in a period of peace and comparative exemption
from public debt, ss well as from serious tíiíñr ulty
in financial operations, it would hardly seem pto-
per to attempt more by assumptions of doubtful
powers, and by forced constructions in favor of
measures by no m«ans certain, ii adopted, not to
aggravate rather than dimmish existing evils, aud
not to prod ice otheis of a character still more dan-
gerous Much less can it be considered respeciful
either to S aie rights or ¡he people, and certainly
not competent, in the opinion ot the undersicned,
to exercise such powers by creating monejed cor-
porations among them, which many of their num-
ber have repealedly denounced as unconstitutional,
and ihe authority to establish wh'ch was originally
refused rather than confined to ihe General Go-
vernment by the people and the States that formed
it. Bat some other powers expressly conferred
can, without question, be exerci ed further than hss
yet been done by Congrcs, and m such a manner
as to produce very beneficial censequercea up^n
the currency. Still, it is n< ped they will never be
pushed so as to trespass on pr vind really doubtful
under the Constitution, and r revent the St? tes
from continuing to exercise all the legitimate au-
thority they now fo.sess as te banks and debt , '
however much it may b  regret ed thai ruble |
opinion has not yet run wnh more stiength against ¡
the abuses of both, and led to then prompt corn c !
tion. It is not proposed at this time to go into the |
consideration of farther details on these pcmtc. I
But the danger to be guarded against now, stems
to be rather of an oppcsue character fiom that oí
overaction by the General Government m the
exercise of its exprcs-, powers. On the con-
trary, apprehensions exist that it may not con-
tinue firm in the support of all vhich has al-
ready been aceomp'ished Tn connection with ihe cur-
rency If it should not, and should thus not aid
to correct in any degree the rasones<. of many to
force something like a formidable steam power
into all kinds of business, \u hout due guards to
prevent cons ant pnd fa al exp'o«ions, myriads of
individuals as wj 1 as some c r¡ orations and
Slates, are likely to be overwhelmed in still wicLi
rum, and will ere loag piobably look to no e eape
except the application of 'he spii-^e ot a general
bankrupt law to <th private Inriht e , and the un-
cons'i'utional a-sumpiion of the p ib *c one« by the
Gentral Goverm ent, so as to ta* oppress vcly
tho c poitionsof the. community v ho huve any
thing left to pay for the lo^s and lo! ip¡> or ti e
le^t.
A remedy which has be i adveaed to by s i e,
and which consists in <h  creaMoi oi moie cicdif,
to cure Ihe mi chief of an exis'mg e\c ss ot credit,
or the formalun of iar„ei bark, \> m like power
of abuses, in order to correct smai! renes, must
usually as> -ravate the eial, and thrreior , wheie it
is free from cons'i utionM objection-, may, 11 point
ot expediency alo i , veil be di countenanced.
A plan oi free ban* ng, ?d p'ed by the States,
properly guarded and secured by provisions simi
lar to thosi recommended by the unders,gned as
long ago as 1836, with such others as reflection
and experience may sanction, appears far prefera-
ble. Bat, independent of that, no changes in the
present system, as to banks, seem wonhy of strenu-
ous exertions, except those whose direct object shall
be to make Safer, to restrict, control, and regulate
better the institutions that already exist rather than
to incorporate irore. Above all, should public
eforiS be direc ed to strengthen the certainty of
prompt sr>pcie payments as to all notes out, and of
a nearer approach to uniformity m the amount of
issues in similar sta es of twde, and of «.pecie on
hand, ispead of multiplying them for speculation
or cupidity, ard thus keeping up a succe&sion of
expansion* and con'iaetions, which will only in-
flame the existing disorders, and render the continu-
anceof great flactuations m all publicas we'l as
private affa is ubavuJabie, endless, and ruinous.
With much respect,
LEVI WOODBURY,
Secietary of the Treasjry
To the President of the Senate of the U 8.
DEATH OF HON  JOHN S  SPENCB.
Mr MERRICK rose and addressed the Senate
as follows
Mr. Paesident Like all other human enjoy-
ments, the gratification of meeting and int rcharg-
mg our mutual congratulations Fgam on this occa-
sion, is not unmixed with pa nrul and melancholy
reflection. To me m an especial manner are the
circumstances under which I cow rise to address
you gffl etirg Yonder vacant seat, sir, explains
the cause My moot excel ent and estmiab'e col-
league, the honorable Jon-? 8. Sptvcr, who
foi the last several years filled that chair wi'h
honor to himself, and advantage to his coun-
try, is no more. He c'osed his useful and
valuable life in the latter part of the month of
October lsst, at Irs lesidtnce, m Wo'cster eoun'y,
Maryland, surrounded by his amiable an 1 in erea'-
mg farrnl , and at peace with Gud and man. He
was, it will be lemembered, in lanju d health dui-
ing great pi.it of our last session, and v as ottcn
detained fvom his place heie b> that cause, which
finally obliged him to leave tii3 seaiot Govcmmen',
and retire to his own home some time before
the adjournment Fiom ihe disease whicn then
aftltc'ed him he never perfectly recovered, though
thTe was occasional lebef fiom suffering, there
was no eifectual cure, ?r, I he has now let these
and all sublunary scenes forever. H* has at dif-
ferent periods of his life filled many of the most
importanUand honorible trusts in the gifr of the
people of his Sfa>e, a'ways po«le s.pg, always
desen'ing their en ire confidence. His eoir^e
through hie was much more oí the uitfn' thai
bri'liant ojd5!, possessed ot a very large stock
of stedmg \7orth and iiitue, theie was about
him nothing ol osten'at ols di«n a> Ev.rc-ntent
wi'h the consc cusne^s cf do ng h s du y wed and
faithfully, he was c treless of all oilier rem ards
None knew him who d'd not honor and esteem
him, and all who knew bit  wJl join with me n
sayir g that be has left no purer man b h rid h m
Mr MERRICK then offered ihe following iso-
lation-, wh'ch were unanimously adopted
Resohed, That the memoe's of the Senaie, f om
a sine redone of showing ever  matk ot r stw
dae to the memo y of the bi^uvt'e Ji,p\ S
Spímcc, late i member thereo', v i'l go atom um-
mg, by weanrg cr~pe on the íefr a  i ii r thir j
dny?
fiesíítíaí, Ti at is «ill additional maik of resn-"1!
for the memory of the honoiable John S St  te,
the Senate do no.;adjourn.
Tne Stnat' then ad^'naed
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, Dec. 9, 1840.
After the Journal had been read,
Mr RUSSELL offered the folio wing resolutions:
Resolved, That the da ly hour to which this
House stand adjourned, be 12 o'clock, meridian,
until otherwise ordered.
Resilveil, That the Clerk cause the members of
this House to be furnished, during lha present ses-
sion, wiih such newspapers as they may respec-
tively direct, the expense for each member not to
exceed at the rate of three daily papers per annum.
Which resolutions were adopted.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY
Mr ADAMS, m pursuance of notice given on
yesterday, offeied the following resolution:
Resolved, That the standing role of this House,
No 21, adopted on the 28 h of January las', in the
followng word*:
"No petition, memopal, resolution, or other pa-
per praying the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia, or any State or Territory, or the
s'ave trade between the Stales or Territories of the
United States, in which it now exists, shall be le-
ceived by this House, or entertained in any way
whatever," be, and the same is hereby rescinded.
Mr. JENIFER moved to lay the resolution on
the tab'e
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman from
Maryland that the gentleman from Massachusetts,
was enut'ed to the floor.
Mr. ADAMS, af'er seme preliminary remarks,
which fteie imperfectly heard by the Reporter,
hoped the gentleman from Maiyland would not
pre«s the motion to lay on the labie, as it was not
his mtent'on to debate the resolution at that
time.
Mr. JENIFER said, that as the gentleman from
Massachusetts haa no intention of deba «g the re-
solution, he would withdraw his motion to lay on
the table.
Mr. ADAMS, after stating his reasons for offer-
ing the resolution at so early a period of the ses-
sion, observed that he was not willmg the rule in
question should remain in force for a single hour
longer, as, in his op mon, it was a direct viola-
tion of the Constitu ¡on of the Um ed S a'es.
Mr BANKS did not n e tor the purpose of dis-
cussing the ¡evolution, but of expressing his regret
that the gen leman from Massachusetts had thought
proper to ofte' it It would be recollected that at
t"e la-.t session the 'ubjeet had been disposed cf by
a re olution solemnly rattled by the House; but
as the gentleman vies des^ous of again agitating
it, he Mr B was anx oils to m^et the question by
a duect \o'e He therefore moved to lay the reso-
lut.en on the tab e
Apd the quest on being on the motion to lay on
the 'able,
Me¡,sr« BANKS and ADAMS simultaneously
deman 'ed the >ea« and nays
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS bega'd leave to ask
the gentleman from Virginia to withdraw for the
p'esent hiS motion to ky on the table. On so ira'
portent ^ subject, he was desirous of ¡he opinion of
the vho'e Hou-e, whereas there werenot now more
than two-thirds of the members in their seals He
was extremely averse to having any pa tial expies-
si n of opinion en the subj ct, atd therefore sug-
gested a postponement of the reso'ution until that
day weeir.
After he tisclutir-n bad oeen aga.n read by the
Clf^k,
IS    LE ¥13 WILLIAMS funhcr susgestsd to
lb" 5,uit  nun fio'i Virgin a,  that &c gentleman
fiom  lildi) d> \,   [Mr   Cost J ussos ] on whose
mctiCj the r, e in q^est on had been adopted, was
not now ii '.  p'ac.    Under these circumstances
he th u'h> a no more  tha.il fair ihat the subject
snou d   be   pos poued, ^n  order  that the House
j mt'i   have an opportunity  of hearing what   the
i e°uilemun from Mdrjland might have to say tnde-
\ fence cf the rule
Mr. AD-iMS bad not the sghtest objection to
il e ubjoet leu g, for the present, laid on the table,
as b i. g on the table, it might be cal'ed up here-
after, v. i en theie shtuid be a fui! House. He was
perfectly wi'ling 'o hear «hat the gentleman from
;   Ma y la ■id r/hr had the nono* of moving the ador 
