CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$151,352 39 to meet the payment of pensions be-
coming due on and after the 1st of Januarv, 1841
M. VAN BUREN.
Hon R M. T Hunter,
Speaker of House of Representatives.
The Hon. HENRY M. BRECKENRIDGE of
Pennsylvania, e'eeted to supply the vacancy occa-
sioned by the resignation of the Hon. Richard
Biddle, appeared, was qualified, and took his seat.
On motion of Mr. BR1GCJS,
The House adjourned, to meet again on Mon-
day next.
IN SENATE,
Monday, December 14, 1840.
Mr.   ANDERSON,    M-.    PRESTON,   Mr.
SOUTHARD, and Mr. WILLIAMS, ap¡ eaied m
their places in the Senate this mornmg.
The PRESIDENT submitted a communication
from the S cretary of ¡he Navy, transmitting s'ate-
menis of the expenditures of the contingent fund
by the officers of the Navy and the Board of Navy
Commissioners
Also, a communication from the Secr*tary of
State, Iran;:muting btitements of the expenditures
of the contingent fund of lhat Department;
Also, a communication from ihe S crelaty of
War, transmitting a statement of the expend tures
of the contingent fund of that Department,
Also, a communication lrom the Treasurer oí the
United S'ates, transmitting copies of his accounts
for the first, second, and third quarters of the year
1840,
which were   severally    laid    on   the tab'e and
ordered to be printed.
The CHAIR also presented a communication
from iheSecre ary of War, transmitting a report
from the Ordnance Bureau, relative to ihe claim ot
Daniel Peitibone, which was lelerred to the Cum-
mmee on Mili'ary AfTaus.
Mr. WEBSTER presen'ed the petition cf Rurus
and Chambers Lane, owners of a vessel wrecked
while employed in the cod fishery, and asking that
a fishing bounty might be allowed them, which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented the peti'ion
of the Secretary of the Peace Socie y of New York,
which wi'h a memorial rre<ented at the l¡<st sps-
sion, were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations
Mr. MERRICK presented the memorial of ill-
several banking institutions of the District, playing
for a renewal of their,several charters;
Alio, the mem^nal of the Howard I liti'ntion cf
the city of Washington;
which were seveially referred to the Committee on
the D.s'nct oí Columbia.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the petition and
papers of E'iza Causm, now on fi'e, were referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Cams the
petition aid papers of John Carter to ih" Commit-
tee on the Distad of Cilumbia, and th  petition
and papers of Jam s Williams to the Commilt'-p
on Claims.
On motion by Mr. CALHOUN', ihe pjution and
papers of John De Tieville, no v on fi'e, were io.
ferred to the Committee on R-volutionary Claim-.
On motion by Mr. ROANE, the petition ,nu! pi-
pprs of the heirs of Fverard Mo^de, and the heirs
of Dr. C. G'lfhn, were referred to the Ce ramii ps
on Revo'ut onary Claims and ihe petition  nd pa-
pers of Joel P rks and oí Cajiarmp Parks ?> d i f
Catharine White, were refeired >o the Commutee
on Pension*.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of ci'i-
sens of Jefferson county, N. Y prayiny the pas-
sage of a general bankrupt law, which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciaiy.
Mr. W. al*o presented the memorial of Hannah
V. Pernne, widow of Dr Henry Prrrme, which
was referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Also, the petition of Hannah Leffert-; which
was referred to the Committee en Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. WHITE pre ented in? memorial of the ,
Mount Carmel «and New Albany Railroad Com-
panv; which was referred to the Committee on
Roadi and Cana!¡>.
Also, the petition of Robert Arheirt; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana gave rotice that to-
morrow he would a k leave to introduce bills of
the following titles:
A bill for tha relief of the legal representares
of Col. Francis Vigo;
A bill to regulate the land offices in the State of
Indiana, and for other purpose*;
A bill to author zi the Mount Carmel and New
Albany Railroad Company to enter on a credit a
quantity of land, to aid the company m tha con-
struction of a railroad from New Albany, in the
State of Indiana, to Mount Carmel, in the S'ate of
Illinois, and for other purposes.
Mr. CL4.Y of Kentucky presented the following
resolution, which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed
Res'died, Thai the Secretary of the Trea<ary be
directed lo communicate to the Senate statements
showing ti>e quantity of l°nd repotted by the re-
gisteis and receivers of the several land offices, m
pursuance o'the resolution of the Senate of the
25 h April, 1823, to have been unsold in their te-
spective districts on the 30th day of June, 1828,
after having b*en offered at the minimum price per
acre, discriminating between the several land dis-
tricts, what pioportton of the land so unsold on that
day consis etl of first rate land, and what was un-
fit for cultivation, according to the reports of the
said officers what was their estimate of ihe ave-
rage value per acie of the <ciid unsdd land,
and «ha  part of the said land so remaining
unsold on the 30th June, 1823, aforesaid, has been
Mice sold, and at what price, discrmiin->ung be-
tween the amount sold in, each cfthe dis nets.
And the Secretary is further directed to cau'e pa-
rallel columns to be prepared, exhib ting in one
connected vi w the quantity of land unsold on the
day aforesaid in each district, the amount since
sold, the value as assessed or estimated by ihe <-aid
officers, and the prices a' which the lands have
since aciuady-old, and the aggregate value of the
land as assessed, and the aggregate amount of the
sales made since the 30ih June, 1828, in each land
dutn-t
Mr CLVYaNo presented the following resolu-
tion í 'i" considerat on-
Reiol ed That t* e act entitled "An act to pro-
vide ior the collection, «atekeep ng, transfer, pid
disbuitemrnt of the public rtvenne," ought to be
forth.' rh repealed, and that the Co-nmituv on Fi-
nan"e be instructed to repoita bill acor'inply
Mr WRIGHT moved that so much of ihe Pre-
sidtnt'i tressace as relates to the fmaices of the
country be refened to the Committjc on Fi
nance.
Mr. WEBSTER hoped that the resolution might
be permitted to lie on the table for a day or two. Toe
part oí the message refeired to rela'es to a suhjact
of high importance, and it might be useful at an
early penoa of thp sessionfor gentlemen to express
their op ninns on tint important subject. It was
his opinion that some notice ought to bj t=iken of it
b/ ihose who differ from the opin'ois of the Presi-
dent, ¡>nd thtttney should express their opinion at
an early da>, but a fen davs he desiied <or its ccn-
si iera'H n. yga'n, acoth r docnm'nt—t>>e annu-
al repo t rf t! p Secretary of the Treasury—bad
bm n s momi g been ,i d upon h  lible, inj
tnere'b s C>' e gentlemm [Mr Wit gut] wo .ideo -
sent, (k -ho'ih de lie t! it lie reco i'U ii arnld te
with'ra"n, end rpne-ved ajam rn V-dne'day
Mr WRIGHT could rot spp v.h?t necessity ex-
isted for adopting the suggest on of h* honorable
Sena'or fio-n Mas a-husetts, ?s lbs mer  reference
of the mes age to a emmt'ee of tr-ii body could
intaipo«e no obstacle to the discussion cf any and
every part of it. He was but pursuing the usual
cours*-; and as he cons'dered it his duty to make
and press the motion, he craid n t consent to with-
draw it. But it «asm the hands of the Senate,
and to 'he decision of the Senate he ^honld leave it
Mr. WEBSTER th*n moved that the motion be
postponed until Wednesday next, which was car-
ried—ayr- 20, noes 10
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the Annual Re-
port of ths Secretary of the Treasury on the
finances, was referred to the: Comm.t ee on Fi-
nance.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, so much of the
President's message as rela'es to mi itary affairs
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, so much of
the Pres-ident's Message as relates to foreign affairs
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Oa motion by Mr. FULTON, so much of the
President's message as relates to the public lands,
was referred to the Committee en the Public
Lands.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, so mpc'a of the
Presidents message as relates to naval affairs, was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs
On motion by Mr. NORVELL, so much of the
P rsidentS message as rela'es to commerce, was
referred to tue Committee on Commerce.
Oa rro'iun by Mr. WALL, so much of the Pre-
sident'  message as relates to the judiciary, was re-
ferred to the Comm't'ee on the Ju liciary.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, so much of the
President's message as rela'es to Indian affaus, was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I'ERMANEVr PROSPECTIVE PRE EMPTiON I AW
Agreeably to the notice given when tb/J Senate
was last in session, Mr. BEATON rose to ask
leave to bring in a bill for the establishment oí a
permanent prospective pre emption law in favor oí
settlers on the public lands, and ptefaced his mo-
tion for the leave he was about to asu, with some
remirks upon the character of the bill he proposed
to intioduce, the appropria enessof the present time
for bnneing it forward, the general utility of the
pre-emption system, and the public expectation to
"ee it now permanently established. He said that
the pre-emption laws heretorore passed v:ere tem-
porary in their duration, and retrospective in their
operation- they were only made to include settlers
up to a limited day, and to remain m force for a
limited period The latest act of this kind was
passed on the 30 h day of Juie last, and only m
eluded the «ettleis to that day. The subsequen
settlers received no benefit from that act: they
were now wi hout protection from law, and it was
unjust and unequal to make any distinction between
the settlers i-eft re and -mce that day. All were
equally en'itled to Ipgis'ative prot'ctior-, and so
would be all f'ltur. vettler*; a" J irs'ead ot extend-
ing this pro ce i n from time to timp, by temporary
and Inured iaT, it wes jus' and proper to rrov de
for all ca^es at om c, the íuture as v ell as the ex-
isting caNf , by es iu stung a permanent prospec-
tive pre-empiion jsem, to opeiate regular'y and
uniformly m all ame to come.
This, said Mr. B. has always been the object of
the friends of the pre emptun laws; they always
looked to a permaient s>stem, and ccnsiA red ihe
temporary acts which were passed as merely step-
pirg-stones and entering «edges lo the mam object.
Tins has b*en constantly exprés td, and sometimes
attemp ed; and the ausp'cious moment foi a suc-
cessful eflort, so lorg de ired, seems now to hav
arnved. A'l partita are now in favcr of the poacy
sh ch leads to th' permanent pre-emptive system.
Th- summer ot 1840, and the Pr sidential canvass
which Les ja t terrniiiatsd, ha; produced, or devs-
lopid, a Ui.aniMi,y ot sentiment on th's desirable
point The ac'u ii Piesident (Mr Vm Buien) has
long been in favor of th s poLcy, «nd has %o ex-
prés td himself in repeated mes a¿,es to Co-sie s;
the Pnsident eien (General Hams ¡n) is rcpr«sent-
ed to b; favorable to it also, an 1 has had the bene-
fit of ihat nprfsen'ation in the late Presidential
can as ; ihe Demoi lacy ar- tie known advocates
o. pie-ejiptions,aud fought them up, in many hard
contested ac'ions, to vic'ory and por nlarity, the Fe-
deralists, long their e->emy, have i ow seen the error
of t1 en ways, and have become the foren'on sup-
porter-, of the policy they had opposed. Tue poor
man, and his s/nonjme, ¡he log-eabm have become
the absorbing ocj cts, and the burning themes, ot
thfir love and eloquence. They celebrate them in all
forms, and wear Dip sign of ihe cabin m every article
of dres-j and furniture No* the cabin, the poor
man, and tin- pre-e upturn, go togethei; and he that
