CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i*
loves one, must love the other. The triple affec-
tions go together; and in these affections the Fede-
ralists of 1840 have shown themselves to be most
dseply immersed. The gentlemen of tha party
have betaken themselves to the love of log cabins,
and all their paraphernalia, with the fury and in-
continence of a faudden and romantic affection.
They build them with their own hands, and piously
dedicate them—they sing, dance, drink, and speak
in them—they attend them day and night—they de-
corate them with appropriate trappings, with
gourds, cocn skins, buck horns, beaver traps, and
whatever else denotes the real eabm of the poor
man, and the pre-emptioner—they devote them-
selves to the service of these rude edifices with a
zeal unknown to the degeneracy of modern times.
Like Pygmalion, they become madly enamored of
the work of their own hands, and deliver up the r
lives to the enjoyment of its contemplation.
Mr. B. said it would be inexcusable m ihe friends
of the pre-emption system not to take advantage of
this favorable conjunction of parties and c rcum-
stances, to press the interests of the real mhabi-
ants of the log cabins—tne frontier men of the
new States and Territories—whose enterprise lays
open the wilderness, whose courage protects the in-
fant settlements, and whose labor reflec s value up-
on the national domain. This is the man whose
toil demands our protection. He builds a cabin,
not in the cty, but in the woods; not with music
and feasting, and crowded help, but solitary and
alone, and with privation of every thing which
could give joy to the task. He proceeds upon
hope!—upon the hope that ihe rude tenement which
he builds may be his own! that the secluded spot
which he has selected may become his' that no
heartless speculator may come to rob him oí both *
In a word, he hopes that a pre eruption law may be
passed! Now, said Mr. B. let us help this lonely
and meritorious man: let us help him to build his
log cabin: let us give courage to his heart, strength
to his arm, and comfort to his spirit, by securing to
him the pre-emptive right to the soil on which he
builds. It is all he asks; and while onr great cities
—even this metropolis, and all the capitals and
commercial emporiums of all ¡he States—still retain
the evidences of Federal love for log cabins; whi'e
these erections, so lately put up, Mill retain (heir
unusual position in public square*, and on mag-
nificent streets, side by side with the splendid man-
sion which no longer disdains it& humble compa-
nion: while all this still ex^ts, and s ill salutes our
eyes, and while the proud architects of these city
cabins are still here, on this floor, to leg slate
ameng us, let us cx'end our regard >o the cabin 11
the woods, and grant to ¡is inhabitant the only fa-
vor which he solicits—that of protection from the
speculator, m the house which he has built, m the
field which he has cleared, and in the soil which he
cultivates.
Mr. B. then¡offeied his bJI, which was read as
follows:
A BILL to establish a permanent prospective pre-
emption system, in iavor of settlers on the pu' -
s       lie lands, who shall inhabit and cultivate the
f       same, and raise a log cabin thereon.
t       Be ü enacted by t\e Sena'e and House of Bepre-
I   seniorities ofths Untied States of America in Congress
t   assembled, That from and after the passage of this
(   act, every head of a family, every widow, and
,   every single man over the age of e-ghleen years,,
I   whe shall make a settlem-nt on any of the pub 1c
t   lands to which the Indian title has been, 01 shall
s   be, extinguished, whether the same be survey ed or
s   not, or who may have settled on such land s'nee
t   the 30th day of June, 1840, ?nd w ho shall inhabit
and improve the same, and rare a log cabin
thereon, shall be entitled to a pie-eroptitn in the
purchase of one quarter section, to be pud for at
9   the minimum price of puch land at tne time of
i   paying for the same.
'        Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That where the
*    improvement ana tne settlement shall be on diflei-
*    ent quarter sections, the sealer shall  make choice
*    of the quarter he will take, provided it can be done
*    Without prejudice to ihe rights of others.
*         Sec 3. And be it further euae'ed, That where the
5*   quantity oí one hundred and sixty acres cannot be
*     obtained mone entire quarter section, the defic¡en-
if                                                                                      
cy may be made up out of any contiguous vacant
ground.
Seg. 4 And, be ii farther enacted, That in the
execution ot ihis act, and in making up the quanti-
ty of one hundred and sixty acres where the «ame
cannot be had entire, the entries may be made m
tracts of eighty acres, or forty acres, or in fractions;
and where the fraction shall be more than the
quantity required to complete the pre emption, the
excess shall be paid for, and the pre emptive rght
shall extend to the whole fraction.
Sfc. 5. And be it farther enacted, That where two
or more persons shall have settled on the same
quarter section, the same shall be divided between
them, and the deficiency made up to e?ch out of
contiguous vacant ground, but no wilful intruder
on the kno.vn rights of another shall be enutLd to
any benefit under this section.
Sec. 6, And be it furtlier enacted, AU legal re-
servations of pub'ic lands for any purpose what-
ever shall be exempted from, the operation of this
act, so that no right of pre-emption shall accrue on
any such reserves.
Sfc 7. Aribe it further enacted, Trat all que~-
t ons in relation to pre empt on ela ms, or bctw.en
claimants te the same quarter section, shall be set-
tled summarily and definitively by the R*gis er and
Receiver of the district, under the instructions of
the Commissioner of the General Land OJice.
The bill having been read,
Mr.-BENTON sa'd as the session was a short
one and did not afford time for the courtesy usuilly
extended upon the introduction oí bil*, he loped
it would be waived m the present instance, and thst
each Senator would vote upon the qaes ion of its
second reading m accordance with his opinion of
ti e msrits of ihe bil, and he would ask the yeas
and nays upon ordering it to a second reading.
Mr. HUBBARD wished to look imo the bill b".
fore he was cal'ed upon to vote either for or agsios
it, and hoped that the Senator from Miioouu
would permit it to be postponed until to-morrow ano
printed; which w as agreed to, and the bill ordered ¡g
be printed
Mr. PRENTISS, agreeably to not>e, asked and
obtained leave to mtiodvtce the following biSK:
A bill for the relief of Lemuel White;
A bill for the relief of David Wallet:
A bill for the relief of Margaret Barnes;
A bill for the relief of Hben-/er Sw¿n; and
A bill for the relief of Joab Seely,
which were severally rsad twic, and r"ferred to
fl e Coon lttee on Pensions
Mr. P. also, on leave, ir tro 1 nerd a bill to es'a-
bhsh a Boaid of Commi'siurers t-> heir and deter-
mine claims against the UnitH Stite-, which was
referí ed to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. NORVELL, m pursuance of irevious no-
tice, asked ?nd obtained leave to introduce
A bill granting to the Sta'e of Michigan a quan-
tity nr land to aid ssid Stale in the coastruction of
a canal around the Falls of Ste Man?; ?nd
A bill to create an additional land clfice in the
State of Michigan, and tor o'her parpescs;
which were severally read twc, and referred to
the Committee on Pub'ic Lands.
A bill to authorize the S-cretsry of the Treasury
to procure s'eam-vcssels for ihe revenue serv.ee;
and
A bill authorizing the election of ccr'am 1 ght-
houses and light-boats, and the establishment of
certain buoys and beacon-lights;
which were severa'ly read twee, and referred  to
the Committee on Commerce; and
A bill supplementary to an act to abolish imnr.-
sonment for debt ¡n certain csfs; which «as read
twice, nnd referred to the Committee on the Judi-
eiary.
Mr. CLAY (f Alabama, agreeably to no'ice,
a^ked and obtained leave to introduce the fo'bwing
Li!h-
A bill providing for the reduction and graduation
of fh^ price of the public landr;
A bill to relinquish to the State of Alabama the
two per cent, fund re;erv d by the act fVr her ad-
mission into the Union, to b: app ¡ed to the making
of a road or roads leading to said Sta'e;
A bill to establish an add Uonal land distnot m
the State of Alabama
A bill for the relief of William Jones;
A bill for the relief of certain settlers on the pub-
lie lands, who were deprived of the benefits ot the
act granting pre-emption rights, which was approved
on the 19 h of June, 1834;
A bill to grant other lands to the inhabitants of
townships deprived of the 16th section by Indian
reservations;
A bill to relinquish the reversionary interest of
the United States to a certain reservation in the
State of Alabama;
which were severally read twice and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr CLAY also, on leave, introduced a bill sap.
plementary to an act entitled "An act to amend an
act for the appointment of commissioners to adjust
the claims to reservations of land under the 14th
article oí ths treaty of 1830 with the Choctaw In-
dians; which was read twice and referred to the
Committee on Pr.vate Land Claims.
Mr. LUMPKIN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for ihe lthef of Avery, Saltmarsh and Company;
which was lead twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FULTON, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked aud obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills
A bill in relation to donations of land to certain
persons m the State of Arkansas;
A bill to quiet the ti les of certain land claimants
in the States oí Miss un ana Arkansas, and for
other purposes;
A bill to settle the title to certain tracts of land
in the S'ate of Arkan«a^;
A bill to authorize the inhabitants of township
euht north, range thirty-two west, in the State of
Arkarsa", to ente' a s-ction of land in lieu of the
six'eenth section m said township, upon condition
that the same is surrendered to th« United States
for mditary purposes,
A bill authoring the mhab tanfe of fractional
township ten south, cf range one east, m the State
of Arkansas to enter one ha'f section of land for
school purposes;
A bill for the relief of Jamfs Saiifh of Ar-
kansas
A bill for the relief of sundry citizens of Arkan-
sas, who lost their improvements ¡n consequence of
a treaty between the United States and the Choctaw
Indian^;
which were severa'l- read twice, and r«ferred to
the Ciirrmittte on the Public Lar>ds.
Mr F. a'so, on leave, introduced a hill allowing
drawback upon foreign merchandise exported m
the original picksgts to Ch'huahua and Sante Fe,
m Mexico; wbuh wfs read twic , and referred to
the Committee en Commerce
Al o, a bi 1 for the rel ef of George W. Paschal;
which was read tw.ee, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr PORTER, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to mtrocucea billsnp-
plemcit-.ry to an ; ct to provide for the adjustment
of t.tleií lo land m the town of Detroit and Terri-
tory of M'chigan, and for other purposes; which
was read twice, and appropriately referred.
Mr MERRICK, m pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked anJ obtained leave to introduce a bill to
authoiize the transfer to the Sta'e of Maryland of
the stock m the Chesape ke and Ohio Canal stand-
írg in the nan.e of the Uni cd S'ates, upon certain
eond tun ; which wa° r ad tmee, and referred to
the CvHim tree on ihe District of C dnmb'a.
O 1 mitionby Mi. WALL, tVe paper, m the eases,
of Thomas Haskms and R?lph Haskm«, of Thomas
L Wirthrop, and of William I? Rathbone, were
re'erred to the Committee rn ihe Judiciary.
On rnoti >n by Mr NORVELL, the petition and
papers of P Ord were withdrawn from the files of
the Senate.
On motion by Mr. YOUNG, the memorials of
the inhabitants of townships 44 and 46 N. range
1 E. of the principal meridian m the State of Illi-
nois m relation to the claim of the Polish exiles, be
taken from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on tha Public I ands.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of citizens
of Missouri, praying for the cstaMishmwrt of a «Bail
