Mr- HUBBARD, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained 'eave fo introduce a bill
for the settlement of the claims of New Hampihire
against the United States; which was read t vice,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HENDERSON, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to confirm the survey and location of c'aims for
lands in the State of Mississippi, east of Pearl river
and south of the 31st degree of nor'h latitude;
winch was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands
Mr. MERRICK m pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce
A bill for the legal lepresen tail ves of William
Sanford, deceased,        *
A bill for the relief of the legal repttsentatives
of Robert White, and
A bill for the relief of the heirs or legal repre-
sentatives of Joseph Mom , deceased,
which were severally read twice, and referred  to
the Commute* on Revolutionary CUiras
Mr. MERRICK pave notice that to morrow he
would a>k leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
the hurs of Francis Newman
On motion by Mr. RUGÓLES, the documents
m relation to the beiter security of the lives of pas-
sengers on board oí steam vessels, now on file,
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FULTON, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill making
appropriations for the completion of certaia ro< ds
in the S'ate of Arksncas, which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
Mr. F. gave notice that, to-morrow, he would
as-k leave to introduce a bill to perfect the lilies to
lands south of the Arkansas liver, held under the
New Madrid locations, and pre-emption ugh's un-
der the act of 1814, and
A bill for the reuef of William A Dixon
The following resolution, submit'ed j esteiday by
Mr. Clay ef Kentucky, v.&s taken up for conside-
ration, Viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tieasury be
directed to communicate to the Cénate statements
showing the quantity of laid reported by the re-
gisters and receivers of th* «eieral la^d uffee-, in
pursuance of the res lulion oí the Serate of the
25th April, 1823, to have been untold m thei- re-
spective districts on the 30th diy of June, 1F28,
after having been orlcred at the minimum price per
aere, discriminating between the several land dis-
tricts; what propor ion of the Jard so unsold on tnat
day consisted of firt rate hnd, and uhpt was un-
fit for cultivation, acceding to ttie lepirts of the
said officers; what was their eM'mite of fie ave-
rage value per acie of the said un old lanl, and
What part of the said land *o remaining unsol)
on the 30th June, 1828, aforesaid, has bc^n since
sold, and at what pnce, di crimina'mg between the
amount sold in eacii of the distiie is And the Se-
cretary is further du feted to cause parallel co-
lumns to be prepared, exhibiting in one connected
view the quantuy ofland unsol 1 on the dty afore-
said m each district, the amoant smce sold, the
value as assessed or es imaitd by the «ad officer,
and the prxes at if hteh tbe land-, have s ice ac u
ally sold, and the pggrtgate value oi t«ie ¡a ft ¡>s
assessed, an 1 the aggregate rm^unt of the s 'es
made Since the 30th June, 1823, m each land dis
tnct.
Mr. CLAY of Alatama cSVrei t e fol'owmg
amendment:
Resolved farther That sa d Stcre'sjy cru e to be
exhibited in th<? report afore^ai , 'u-h a piViOls
a<s may have been >nade in '! c se"cr.il Unl dis-
tricts embraced by sai 1 repn's n ac'e par^uaat to
the said resolution cf 'he S na e if the 25 h U
April, 1828—«hovi's; m what niVarct-., ind to
what extent, saiidistnes have bcei enlarged or d -
mmished since the said 30 h r*.-/ of Jane, 1=09,
and also what rew isnd=, then emb a'eel by said
several district?, have since been sold
Resolved further, That said S crelary cause to be
communicated stptements showing in separate co-
lumns the quantity of pubhc laad w^'eh h"s been
offered fo" sale at public auction, and has remain-
ed unsold at the rn.nimum price, in each State and
Tírniory for a period of five years, and less than
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ten years; the quantity so offered and remaining
unsold for ten years and les¡> than fifteen years, the
qnpntity so offered and remaining unsold for fif-
teen year  and less than twenty years, the quanti y
so offered and rejiamr-g unsold for mi re than
twenty and less than thirty years; and the quantity
which has been so offered and has remained unso'd
for more than thirty years: showing the aggregate
at the foot of each column, and the general a" ne-
gate oí all tbe lands which have been offered, and
have remained unsold for five years and vpv, Tds,
up to the latest returns.
The amen ments were agreed te  in* U s reso-
lu'ior, as amended, was adopted
REPEAL OF THE INDEPENDEN *"   TREA-
SURY LAW.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday by
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky, was taken up for consi-
deration, viz
Resolved, Tnat the act entitled 'An act to ¡?ro
vide for the collection, safekeeping, transfer, and
disbursement of the public revenue," ought to be
forthwith repeated, and that the Committee on Fi-
nases be mstructed to leport a bill accordingly
Mr. CLAY «aid it was no part of his purpose, in
offering his resolution, to incite or pa take m an
argument on any question that might anc<? out of
the great measure to wlich the resolution relates
It was, then, no purpose on bis part to enter into
any argument He would i* htf argue to a con-
victed cimmal, w.th a rope round his neck, and
tbu cut about to leave his body, tj prove to him
lhat his co-wiction was according to law and jus-
tice, as to prove ¡hat this Sub-Treasury measure
ought to be abandoned. He had brought foi ward
the resolution in the shaoe m which he had pre-
sented it to the Senate, bcai'se h  thought it vps
his duty «o to do Tre ord sarj coutsc of legisla-
tion— he u=ual pra-'re, he vas a' a.p, i<i rcpea'-
i ? cxi ti g jav —' as *o mef a 'c-olntion i f ni-
ctt tettrn, addressed to af("j™ te~, an' dirfttn 
an inquiry uto'ie exp uiertj of i e tie M,re,%'
to ask leave to introduce a bill to r"pta' tne rein-
sure wiiKh it was wished to g->t rid of. Bt there
werceeeasins when that ordinary form, he pre-
samed, might, and ought to be dispensed with. Ii
they looked for examp'es to die only period which
bears any analogy to that which exi ts si th"J mo-
ment—he meant the period of 1800, when Jeffer-
son came into pow i, but under c icum an<-e<- far
difieren', and in a cc ntcst more eqaal a -d of doubt-
ful 'S? le than that which has brought the pre ent
men i Uo power—if they look-id hick <o that pe-
riod, an! saw the alien law, not hmttel and tem-
poral, tut uf peimanent diratio^—-oull thev not
sup iose that it wou'd hiie ben idle and ridiculous
to move a resrlution of írqmry as to the expe-
diency of íepeal ng that most odinus measii-p? ~Ruf
respecting thi« ánb-Trevu>y, ibo t which they had
had about three yea-s and tiTce mnnth ' a'g im-nl
__a p tiod lorger than the last war w.th Oretn Bri-
tain, and half as great as the war of tbe Pevo'u
u n—under the e circumstan'-'"^. i'i cas^ion ■ Í the
mepsu e would seem  o be un wecary pnd m s
pi, cod, it vais, mi file cnt for v i n to s?y tb'it ill  na-
n< n «tills therep?a!of th" inea^arc—tse r<i o'i de-
cices th" repeal of he raeaMirt—,v>e natnn con-
mands the r-pea1 cf the ne, sur —sn1 the repn-
cntat vci of n'tie^een States were ™n< tl ^re ir-
struccl to repeil it. The; mi^t di'pu'e alcut
wha f as oi w?s not involved in the ismi-  o** th'-1 itc
Piis^ei'iil c i'cs*, thsy nii ht co-nviil lha 'hat
c^nte afi m d th or tb.it pr n-ip'e or iif-a ore,
andth y ínia^t di pute *>l-ni!t i be knew t w°s tl e
pvc i "• of ^entt vnon to v i on a wís h' i fnr-
i n? to b" o(p-s d 11 t!ia* Sena'e, a't - el eti as, to
con en 1 tiat thi ebe i n san ti ns th i cr riis
dorti h. measure, aid ibet electijt. di°n cr''ratfs
h"  lie people Kte m fa/ r of this and t ppc-cl n
that n rsuii, wh-i -cr Sub TreaM"-y o a United
Stilts Bin1', a-d i'iere mi°h' boar r ro'a /
a cut the meter, bnt on one point it v.¡"¡ ippi-M-
b'e tneie -ool 1 Le d vers ty of oy-ip ti, e th r h *e
or el ewhere, «nd 'h-t is, that tbt.r-ation, by one of
the most tremendous maji ri'ies ever given m ocr
na'icn's annals, uhateverelse i maí hate deeded,
has decided pg-mst this Sab-Tre saiy meaiii'-
And wh~n tbe nat on speaks—when the iiaUort
w i!g_when the uat.on commands, wkst is to be
done1* Tbere was rro necessity to go through
the form of referring to a committee to inquire into
the expediency of doing what the public sennment
lequired. What Senator would stand there m hii.
d aec and say he opposed himself to the will of the
nation?
He, for one, had hoped that the President of the
United States, m the message which he had ecfm 
mnmcMcd at the commencement of the session,
wiih a magnanimity wh.ch would have beCom>ng,
would have announced the fact of this will of the
nation, and recommended a conformity to
it. L°t him not be misunderstood. He would
no* a li the President—no, he had too much
personal respect for htm; he had too much
legaid for hitTan nature, to ask the Presi-
dent to come here and say to Congress, "I have
been wrong all this time; the measure which I have
ur,od iipoayou for ad< ption is one that wasfound-
e 1 m erior." No, it wculd be unmanly; he (Mr.
Cuy) could not expect n at his bands, but he did
expect the Pres'dent v.ould hava said what the fact
was, that he would have admitted that the nation
had decided against his favorite measure; and that
he v ou'd have recommended submission to the will
of ihe naiion, but least of all did he expect a re-
commen iation and improvement; and that the Se-
cretary of the Treasury ihould concur m the recom-
mendat on of amendment and improvement cf a
measuip against which the nation had decided,
whi h b^'h the Executive and the Secretary knew.
But if t!iey disregard the will of the nation prior to
f-e * h of March next, they knew well that ¡f
would not endure longer than a Congress could
conven'-, and a new President could act on the
m ns ¡re.
Put a word as to the effect of a repeal of this
me1 me Wha' is ihe effect of the operat.on of
i'i" {-- ent Sub Treastirv system? It was said to
b"\eiv successful. Tris was announced m the
mi*-?ge, and repeated in the report o! the Seers-
fry oí the frea ury He s'iouid, however, haue
been pleased ,f 'hose documents had gone into de-
t- '■> ¡"«pecting  th"  operation of  this measure,
| shoi j.ng how it had altered the business and tae
rri-itions of the couutty, and the receipts andds-
Lur'emcnt^ of tbe rcveauf. Bat so far, it was said
it hrd sail-Jed all their expectations, and was in
svre ssful ope ation. Now he (Mr. CtA?,) thanked
Go 1 h" v as i \r íe no/ed from any one of the Rp-
cei *eii Genera!—nay he wished he was farther re-
moval, but he shru'd be glad to know where had
1 cen its succ-s ful operiti >n. Perhaps the Senator
/rom Niw Hampshire [Mr. Hibeabd] might eom-
rinriia'e tne informatnn He should be glad to
lea-n 1 o>i it had sucees fully operated, from that
¡!Iti= rinus Sera or who had a^'y and eloquently de-
fendel tne Secretary of th" Treasury on all
i caw's ',n^ 'le musf say that it was a
most ungrateful return for those services
to i teat h m as h° had ben treated at a iccent
e ecion for United S ates Sena'or for the State of
' New Ilamp^L re. He should be glad, however,
to 1 an from 11 a [Mr. Hierard] and from the
geii'ip^an who \,,i at the head ot the Committee
a Fi anee, in d tail, what had been tHc opera-
no i of it's Sub-Treo-nry svstem—how it "vs
a-* n?—hoi it ips workng—how it wasva'yug
the fniicial and co nreiciAl and «anufacturm 
i.ffiK of tie cnurtty He would tell them what
"■ unl"rs'o-J .t to be, though he was separated
fn i trany of iheso RwCi.veis Genera'. He un-
<<e to">d th„t tbcre wss n"'lV,e sHfih:est diff-r^nce
pt'f titg ro-, frou \ hit, befor- tne 4ih of Jjiy
last. "~s ha ) e r> m e pt ranjn He understood
hat p s / <i, the i, the note-, of all ihe specie pay-
ía^ Va .s \ íe K-ceived by the collector and tran ,-
¡i j -> t' e Rfca vc-s Geitrjl He understood
ih-ji'ccei as th>- A merchant of Nei/York
H, a ¡?rpe ijm to pa)—say |M00; well, he
¡rwe, <i c ck to a -pscie paying bank—he
p %s   n>   iionev,  h .t   tbe  checc   is   endorsed
^pCi> c__-ni   he   «ives   another   ch""-!?   with   no
"«htspui '.t whatever, both are earned to the bank,
aid ai" carried to theereJ.it—"rue, notoftheGfo-
vcrrment—but of the Receiver Geneia! m his pri-
vate account, as a pr'v? e transaction. Well, they
all knew, whatever m'gnt be «endorsed on the chfck
tor ¿100 or |300, feat they were both cash, paper,
