so
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
convertible into specie, and this was the usage prior
to the 4 h of July last; and the paper of no bank
which did not pay specie was received by the col-
lector of the public revenue, but the paper of banks
paying specie was. It is now received, and it was
so received before the 4th of July, taking New
York as an example for illustration. The reve-
nue, when collected by the collector, was paid into
the bank to the account of Jesse Hoyt—to his pri-
vate account, over which the Government had no
control—and now he passed it over to Plul or
Saul Allen, who had al-o an account with the
bank, over which the Government had no control
or direction. Well, then, the whole revenue of the
United States, amounting to nineteen millions, ac
«ording to the estimates of the current and
the next year, but thirteen millions as ac-
tually received dunng the present year—
the whole revenue of the United States, at some
time or other, passed through the hands and vas
kept in the custody of private individuals who stood
credited for the amount on the books of some bank
or banks to which they had resort. Well then, if
he were not mistaken, it was very clear the opera-
tion of the system so far, had been exceedingly
limited, and in the event of a repeal, which was
proposed in that resolution, the result would be that
the administration of the Treasury Department
wjdl revert back to the state of things prior to the
4th of July, or rather it will continue (he s^me state
of things winch yet existed, without interfering with
the financial affairs of the Government. He hoped
for another result, should he succeed in obtaining
a concurrence with his resolution—he hoped
that an account would be opened, as in olden
times, as in safe times, and m times of regular ad-
ministration of the Government, with the Treasu-
rer of the United States. But he contended that,
whatever inconveniences could result from a repeal
of the measjre, that was no consideration for
them Their duty was marked out by ihe public
opinion, and, for one, he was disposed to obey its in-
struction which, to nineteen States of this Union,
had been given.
He would not enter further into a discussion of
the subject; he would content himself with (hose
observations, and he was not deposed to urge
others to a general expression of opinion, but if
they could doubt—if they wanted further time to
consider whether they were acting here as trustees
of a great community, or were giving a mere ex-
pression of their own opinions—if, indeed, they
wanted time for any purpose, he should be the last
to deny a request so reasonable as that.
Mr. WRIGHT said he came from one of the
nineteen States alluded to by the Senator from
Kentucky, and he was happy to say to that Sena-
tor that he rejoiced to find it was the disposition of
the party about to come into power to make pre-
cisely the issue tendered by this resolution. He
thanked that Senator, therefore—as he would have
done yesterday when the resolution was presented,
had it been proper—for presenting that proposition
to them. He could say to that Senator, that tor
one—and perhaps he could say it wuh more pro-
priety than any other member of that body—he did
not desire further to discuss that measure
either before the Senate or the country, he
could only say, that when the Senate was
called upon to act upon the propositus, he
was desirous that it should be with an understand-
ing of what it is, ami that the Senate might be as
full as may be, consistent with the attendance! of
members in the city. To-Jay he did not disire to
act upon it, for one Senator now m town, was sick
and not able to be m his place; and another left
town after the last adjournment of the Senate prior
to yesterday, with the confident expec'ation of re-
turning ¡ast evening, who had not yet resumed his
seat; hut if there was a disposition m the Senate to
act upon the resolution, and make an expression
which would not mislead the public mind, he ¡,h mid
desire that expression to be made now, and upon
this resolution It would be a work of supererogation,
in a short session like this, to pass the resolution,
and instruct a committee to report a bill for the
proposed repeal, without any expectation that the
bill would meet the approbation of the Senate
Pence he wished that all the members m attend-
ance might be present when the vote should be
taken. But he could not excuse himself if he al-
lowed the opportunity to pass without some slight
reference to the remarks of the Senator by whom
the resolution had b<-en introduced. That Senator
had become deeply impressed wuh the result of the
late election, and on the point whether it was or
was not a full and free and fair expression of the
popular will, he (Mr. Wright) did not stand there
to express an opinion He would merely call to
the honorable Senator's mind that they had just
passed through ihe first election under this Govern*
ment, when principles on ihe part of the domi-
nant party were not declared, when measures
were not avowed, and when men stood be'ore ihe
country, not to proclaim to the people their prin-
ciples and measures, bat to apolog ze for saying
nothing in reference to their measures or the policy
which they proposed to adopt That being the
case, the Senate would pardon him for calling their
-attention to the fact, that he, and other Senators
who had sat there with him from 1832 and 1833
to the present time, had seen election after election,
when it was the fashion of candidates and of par-
ties to avow their principles, and had heard the ho-
norable Senetor, with an ingenuity which cannot
be surpassed, parry the issue his (Mr. Wright's)
friends had made, and contend, almost with suc-
cess, that nothing was prejudged by the popular
voice in thoie popu'ai elections Take the
very meajure which it was nowpropoied to repeal,
and what was the judgment of the peop'e, and
what was iht public expression at the Congres i >nal
elec'ions of 1838 and 183Ü? Then, if ever, a
distinct issue or proposi ion was presented to the
people of this country That was the is?ue that
was pending during the war of more than three
years' duration, of which the honorable Senator
had spoken—that was the only point in controversy;
and what was the result' There was a popular
branch of the National Legislature unfavorable to
this measure in 1837 and 1838, and was lelurned
in its place in 1838 and 1839, favoiable to it; and
it was adopted in pursuance of a pronunciation of
the will of the people of this country, pending the
controversy as to the measure itself. That po-
pular mind may have changed—it may be
different now, but if it be, and if the pronuncia-
tion of the popular opinion has been against
the Independent Treasury, of what measure, as a
substitute, has it been in favor? Has the pronun-
ciation of the late election declared ihe popular
voice of the rounlry to be in favor of a National
Banl' Will the S nalor contend that it was so,
and will his puty assume n' Or his it declared
in favor of the policy of another political party, and
a return to the system of State bank deposites?
Would the honorable Senator admit that' He
(Mr. Wright) did not say the honorable Senator
would admit either or both, but he had a right to
ask the question.
But the Senator says the result of the late elec-
tion has been a triumphant pronunciation against
this measure. How is it ascertained' By what
declaration of policy or principle on the part of that
party which has become predominant' Why,
he should suppose—and he made the re-
mark without intending disrespect any where
—if Ihe result of the late election could be claimed
as proving any thing, it was to prove that they
were to take down the splendid edifice m which
he then stood, and erect a log cabin m its place-
that instead of the rich draperies and valuable
picture  before them, they were to han? around
their chamber coon skins, cat skins, and other
trophies of the chase But the Senator does not
claim such to be our djties, resulting from the
late expression of the popular will. No, such is
not, ana has not been, the result of the pronun-
ciation of the will of the freemen of this country,
and yet, conld they not prove such conclusions
with double force and doable testimony over that
which tbe honorable Senator s^eks now to esta-
blish—the condemnation of ihe Sub-Treasury
measure' And yet they were called upon to
be silent, to svbmit, and to obey this foregone
decree Against the popular pronunciation
made at the late elections, he should not intention-
ally utter one word—the decision of the people he
should respeet, for they were yet, thank God, the
highest tribunal known to our country and her in-
stitutions. When the powers which that election
has brought into existence shall constitutionally
take their places, he should be one of those who,
whether as a private citizen or in the high position
in which he then stood, would be found ready to
render a constitutional submission, but he was not
ready to admit lhat, m rendering its verdict, the
popular voice had pronounced its decision against
this measure, or if it had, that it had decided m fa-
vor of any other measure in its place. What, then,
was the argument of the gentleman in favor of
this precipitate repeal Was it that the measure
was don g mischief to the cjuntry, and was work-
ing evil to the people' He (Mr Whisht)
did not understand him to say so. It was
that it was not carried out in its terms and
spirit—that the law was not observed, but that it
was violated by the officers appointed under it.
Well, the honorable Senator might be right, for
he (Mr. Wbight) had not that acquaintance with
banking institutions which would enable him to
pronounce on the fact. Ii that were so, however,
did it follow that the law must be repealed, be-
cause the law was not observed' And should they
expect from the honorable Senator that mode of
getting rid of a salutary law which was not exe-
cuted? Should not, rather, an inquiry be insti-
tuted to ascertain whether the officers did discharge
their duty? He knew not what the fact might
be any where, but he confessed it would have
pleased him better if the honorable gentleman had
consented to take PhiladelDhia. instead of New
York, as an example; and he knew the New York
banks were specie paying banks; and he knew it
was the constructive duty of the Receiver General
to receive three-fourths of the revenue there in the
notes of specie paying banks; but does the Phila-
delphia Receiver General take checks upon non-
specie paying banks' And if the Receiver General
of New York, instead of compelling the merchants
to bring specie to his vaults, takes a certified check
that is payable in specie, and presents it for pay-
ment himself, is (he law violated, or is the commu-
nity injured? What, then, is the argument?
Why, that there had been but little salu-
tary influence from the practical operatioa
of this law, and therefore it was better to
repeal it. Repeal it for what? To take the reve-
nues out of the reach of Congress, and place them
again where they had virtually been since the sus-
pension or the banks in 1837, until the passage of
the law—m the bands of the Executive' Will it be
better to put them exclusively n Executive hands,
or to keep them within the power and provisions
of a law, even if it does not suit ihe Senator, until
a better system can be devised? What is the course
of wisdom, and what has been the popular voice
in the matter? But he was going further than he
had intended, and therefore he should suspend fur-
ther remark. He did not desire to foreclose the
debate by a motion to postpone now, but when
the Ssnate came to act upon this resolut'on, he de-
sired that the decision should be the sense of the
Senate, and of as full a Senate as the attendance of
members of the Senate in ihe city would permit.
Por the present he would only ask that the vote be
taken by ayes and noes.
Mr CLAY was not particularly desirous to
press this measure until Senators were on the floor,
and he should have great pleasure to concur in any
reasonable suggestion ot the Senator from New
York. But while he was up, be would ask the
gentleman from New York, who charged upon the
party which had obtained the predominance, that
they had no known principles, whether that gen-
tleman desired to know his (Mr. City's) princi-
ples, or the principles of the ir.ends with whom he
was associated' Did he desire to know their opi-
nions with respect to this Sab-Treasury measure'
Why, had they not been battling, with the whole
country coming to their aid, against this identical
measure' Had the Senator any difficulty in guess-
ing that the party coming into power, when it
assumed the reins of government, would put aside
this measure? The Senator told them that at one
time an apparent popular expression in favor of the
measure, in 1838 and 1839—that a popular majon-
