ty sanctioned the measure—and that it was finally
carried in the popular branch of Congress. He
hoped the honerable Senator would relieve him
from the necessity of looking into the New Jersey
affair. He need not enter into the consideration of
the composition ef the majority in the other House
when the Sub-Treasury was passed; but who
amongst them, who had attended to the progress of
events durisg the election of 1840, could doubt that
the public opinion was against it? The honorable
Senator bad called upon them to declare what
would be their measures after this Sub-Treasury
was destroyed? Whether it would be a Bank of
the United States, or whether it would be a system
in connection with the local banks? Why, suffi-
cient for the day is the evil thereof; they had. now
nothing but the Sub-Treasury to handle, and that
was sufficient for them. Let them remove that out
of the way, and th«m those coming into power
would bring forward their measures, and then it
would be time for the distinguished Senator from
New York to be heard.
The Senator from New York said, the party
coming in were coming without principles, and
they would be at liberty to adopt any measure
they pleased. But did not the gentleman know
that the party coming in were opposed to the Sub-
Treasury? Did he not know that ihey were in fa-
vor of a sound and safe regulation of the currency,
as far as it can be done consistently with the Con-
stitution of the United States? Did he not know
that they were for economy, and against the extra-
vagance of the downfallen Administration? Did
he not know they were for retrenchment, and that
they were opposed lo the extent and alarming
magnitude, and fearful usurpation and abuse of
Executive power? And therefore, the gentleman
could not reprove them for a want of principle.
After some other remarks, he said he found he was
precipitated into the discussion beyond what he had
intended; but in reference to the observations ef the
Senator from New York, he said he saw no neces-
sity for much delay.
Mr. CALHOUN said he had supposed that the
party about to c \me into power would have been
content with their decisive victory, and that the
business of the session would bs allowed to go on
quietly, without calling up any of the exciting
topics that entered into the late canvass, or antici-
pating the measures belonging properly to the com-
ing administration. The country has just passed
through one of the nvst agitating canvasses it ever
has, and it is time it should have repofe; and he,
for one, had determined, if it-should not, it would
not be his fault. Without adverting to the past,
he had made up his mind to wait and form no opi-
nion till General Harrison had assumed his high
and responsible office, and developed the principles
and policy on which he intended to administer the
Government, in an official and responsible form.
If be should, in good faith, by practice as well as
profession, adopt the course which the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] has assured us he
would; if his administration shall be one of re-
trenchment and economy, deep and thorough, for
they are both much needed; if it shall be op-
posed to a national debt, funded or unfunded;
if against the improper extension of Executive
power, and stull be opposed to the use of its pa-
tronage as the means of rewarding mere partisan
•service; and if, finally, as intimated in the canvass
by the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts,
{Mr. Webster,] tt should be conducted on the good
old but much deiided doctrines of Jefferson, it
should not only have bis approbation, but his cor-
dial and cheerful soppt rt, notwithstanding his ob-
jections to the means by which his election was se-
cured. But be would rather have these declara-
tions officially from General Hainson himself, than
from the honorable Senator, however hish his au-
thority might be considered. I (said Mr. C.) ne7
ver have played, and never intend to play, the game
of in and out in politics. It is unsuited to the na-
ture of oar Government, and unbecoming those in-
vested xvith the high and sacred trust of ad-
ministering it. His course was immovably
made up. Ha would give the coming Admi-
nistration h's r-upport in all measures which his
judgment approved, and opposition to all which it
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
disapproved; and, if he was found in systematic
opposition, it would be because of systematic de-
parture from the principles and policy which he be-
lieved to be essential to the prosperity and liberty of
the Union.
With these views, he could not, with the Senator
from New York, regard with pleasure the introduc-
tion of this resolution. On the contrary, he regard-
ed it with regret, because it was calculated to keep
up the excitement of the late canvass, and prevent
the repose which naturally follows the deep agita-
tion through which the country has just passed,
and which is necessary lo that calm review, with-
out which it is impossible to cerrect past errors,
and turn them to profitable account in future. Let
the people have an interval of eight or nine
months, from the end of this session to the com-
mencement of the next, to think over calmly and
deliberately the past, and the course that ought to be
taken hereafter, and much profit will result to the
country. Viewed in this light, he not only re-
gretted the introduction of the resolution,
but the ground on which the Senator puts the
repeal of the measure contemplated. He
assumes the ground that the people had de-
cided against the Sub-Treasury in the late electi n.
He (Mr. Calhoun) doubted the fdct. The
electioa decided nothing but that General
Harrison should be elected President for the text
term; and he entered his solemn protest against the
attempt to make any other inference the basis of
our official action; and in doing so, he but took
the ground taken by the Senator and those with
whom he acted, when it was attempted to construe
in a similar manner a former election to have
decided agiinst (he renewal of the charter of the
United Stales Bank, and in favor of certain mea-
sures to which he was opposed. He (Mr. Cal-
houn) regarded every attempt at such in-
ference to be dangerous and unconstitutional.
No one had a higher regard for the voice of the
people than he had; but he could only recognise it
in h's official acts, when pronounced through its
proper organ, an I on the subject, and to the ex-
tent only, which the Constitution made it binding.
Thus thinking, he bowed in obedience to their
voice, uttered in the late election, that General
Harrison should be the next President, but to that
extent only could he here, in his place as Senator,
recognise it.
It is not only against the gsnius of our ?ystem
to extend it farther, but idle to attempt to extend it
to the measure the Senator bas. Who is there that
does not know that in the late canvass the great
issue—who should be President—depended on a
thousand others, direct and jndirtct, of which ihe
Sub-Treasury was but one? Who does not remem-
ber that the imputed extiavagance of the Adminis-
tration, the report of one of the Secretaries on the
militia question, Hooe's case, and innumerable
other objections, were made to the present incum-
bent, as well as countless numbers urged in favor
of his opponents, in addition to his objection to the
Sub-Treasury Í They must all have been supposed
to influence the result, or surely they would not
have been so zealously and incessantly urged by
thoic who advocated the claims of the successful
candidate. How, then, can gentlemen now turn
round, and tell us that there was but a single ques-
tion at issue, and that question the Sub-Treasury?
But he, Mr. C. desired lo speak with perfect
candor. Though he by no means considered it
certain, yet there was reason to fear that a majority
of the communi'y was opposed to that highly im-
portant measure. If such should turnout to be
the fact, he would regret it profoundly; but are gen-
tlemen certain that there i-, a majority in favor of
f.ny alternative measure that can be presented,
and that there is not a majority in i's favor,
«gainst any such alternative? That is the point.
Let me tell gent'envn, when they come to the real
question—not only whether the Sub Treasury shall
be repealed, but Hint shall be substituted, they
will not find so easy a victory as they expect. That
is the question which you must meet, and it will be
in vain to attempt to elude it. As to one of the
only two possible alternatives—he referred to the
repudiated and condemned pet bank system—which
the gentleman had so justly denounced so far back
21
■■...........                 -..,,,                                I                                                                 ,                                     —
as 1834, on the question of the removal of the de-
posites, as the most fallacious, rickety, and corrupt
system which could be adopted, which they prophe-
sied, and truly prophesied, would explode and blow
up its authors, he took it for granted that there was
no danger of that being imposed on the country by
the coming administration. He trusted that would
not be the result of all the late agitation, and the
decided victory they had "achieved.
As to the other alternative—a National Bank—
he would not go into that now. It will be time
enough, after General Harrison comes in, and re-
commends it to our adoption, if, with his constitu-
tional objections, he ever should. But come when
that time might, if it ever should, he should stand
up and resist it every faculty, and all the
energy with which nature had bestowed on
him; for, as he lived, he believed the day on which
a National Bank shall be established, with a ca-
pital of fifty or a hundred millions, and twenty
years' duration, and with power and privileges
sufficient to control the currency and business of
the country, would be the end of our liberty, and
would as effectually create a sovereign power, as
if General Harrison were elected President for
life, with the right of succession in his descend-
ants, and even more so.
To either of these, the much abused Sab-Trea-
sury will be found to be the only alternative. Con-
demned and vilified as it was, the country, if it
desired to preserve its free institutions, must
come to it; nor was it less for the advantage of the
banks themselves, than the country, that it should.
Yes, for the banks; he knew what he said; he
weighed every word. He regarded those the
greatest enemies, in reality, to the banks, however
kind their intention, who would force them again
into a union with the Government, against the
deep conviction of the injustice, impolicy and
unconstitutionality of such union, of a powerful
and determined party, not much inferior
in numbers than their opponents, if tested even by
the late election; for, however strong the vote of
the electoral college, the popular vote in favor of
General Harrison did not much exceed one hun-
dred thousand out of upwards of two millions of
votes. If, against ihe fixed opinion of this powerful
and resolute party, the coming Administration
should force a reunion between bank and Govern-
ment, they would, at the same time, force them
into the political arena of party conflict, which
Could not fail to ovsrthrow the whole system in its
convulsive movements. He warned the banks, and
tho¿e interested in them, against the fatal tendency
of their indiscreet friends, who would, under such
circumstances, force the reunion. He was no
enemy to the existing banks, while he had no con-
fidence in the system as it existed in this country
and Great Britain. He believed that banks of issue
and circulation were founded on a mistake, and
must run down, by their own inherent defects,
against every effort to stay their descent, and had
long thought so; but he made no war on them, and
never fead. They were running down of them-
selves, according to bis impression, too fast
for the good of the country, and his
policy was to retard, and not accelerate
their descent. He acted on the same principle
in 1834, when the deposites were removed;
and in obedience to it, urged a course, which, if it
h,id been adopted, would have saved the country
and banks from the disasters which have since fol-
lowed. On the same principle he acted at the ex-
tra session in 1837, and had ever since,, in advo-
cating the separation of the Government from the
bank , as the only means of extricating them from
politics, and leaving them quietly to be reformed or
run out, under the action of an enlightened and
calm public opinion. He was, and ever had been,
averse to all sudden and forced measures in refere nee
to the currency, even as applied to our system, as
bad as he believed it to be.
In addition to the supposed condemnation of the
Sub-Treasury by the people at the late election,
the Senator urged another reason for its repeal,
that it would make no practical change. He
says that the practice under the existing law is,
in reality, (he same as it was before its pas-
sage, and would be after the repeal.   If so, why,
