*2
CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
then, this haste to repeal it' Why agitate
the country, so aimously seeking repose, on
a subject acknowledged by him to be wholly
immaterial? Why not allow the measure to go on
quietly onlil he and his party come into power, and
then they could act deliberately oa the subject, and
not only repeal a measure they consider fo obnox
ious, but also present their substitute, so as to af-
ford the community a fair opportunity of decid ng
between them? But be the practice under it what
it rosy, the difference between the two states of
things, that which now exists and that whu h would
if the measure proposed by this resolution thcak'
be adopted, is far, very far, from being ¡,o immate-
rial as the Senator seems to suppose The Sub-
Treasury, as estabh'híd by law, be it wise or rot,
s, at all events, legal and constitutional. No or e
can deny that, but should the Senator's resolution
succeed, and the act be repea'el, he would rectore
the state of things which he, and those wi'h whom
he has acted, have con'ended, for these thrte 5ears,
to be illegal and unconstitutional, and which placed
'the control over the public money wholly under me
discretion of the Executive'    Is that nothing?
As to the practice, if it be such as the Senator
supposes, he (Mr Calhoun) held it directly contra-
ry to law, and that the officer who had dared to
practise it, deberved punishment and expulsion
from office. If the Senator desired to pursue me
subject, and wou'd move a resolution to ascertain
the facts, it should have bis support He w uild be
the last to protect any officer, high or low, 1a the
violation of law.
He had said more than he m'ended when lip rose,
tot wtuld not taire his seat without hga neit eat-
ing ¡he gentlemen on the other side no to forea
on a controversy at this time. The people of the
United Statns had elected Generil Harrison,
whether by proper cr improper means, was not a
question for turn. lie acq.ti«ced in the ii«<i ion,
aid wished to s>*e the exc tcment, which ¡.ccempt
nied the content, subside He «as prepared to
give his arlrmnistrat on a fair trial, as he would
any other constitutionally e'eeted by th" peop'e
He should witch ¡t with a vuilant eye, bul with
no dupoiition to oppose, unless his measures shou'd
foice him into opposition, in defence of what hj
believed to be the welfare and libeity of Vie
eoun'ry
Mr ANDERSON sud tha*, occup-itig the po-
sition which he did, after what bad lalien f'om Jhe
henorab'e Senator lro n Ken tuckt, lektil 10 be
hi1;duty to exprés.-, his entire client fnij tLe views
which had been urged iipoi the fcensne 11 suppt rt
of the proposition no* under cons 1 raí on    lie
said that he regretted txcerdmgly tint 'he Sun or
had deemed it p-opcr tobnng up anew fh<- exciting
queotions wh ch had so recent y ¿j. itai d tr>e coun-
try    In thubeooijCMitd with nenonoraD  Sena-
tor from South Carolina, art' bc'imtd t*'a* t*>e pub-
lic mind needed ¡e[Ose, at least for a soon penod,
and he could not but express Ins a tontshment that
any attempt should now bt mude wmch wou J iic-
cessanly passia review the events of the last can-
vass    Sir, said he, I do not expíe-* this regrei be
cause of (he position which I may be suppo ed to
ho'd in relation to that question, and convn™, as I
do, from .i fetate whWi ha., cast 1 ¡> ^1.  rape for
General Harrison    A wre si 1 table lime \ ''1 ar-
nve, wben this whole subject    ould p or> ly cume
mder the administra ive ¡«lion 01 lb" Pr-Mduit
elec, but now it must biir;*  tip p  d ^ is en    f
events a'¡crly 1 nprcnfable to th  ¡     'c ive'l^ie
and about which a w de diii icncc cf o raen has
urely cbta tied,  if I  underst-nd  n, htly  tLe true
g'ound upoi, ttincht'e gtnilernau  ha    based his
proposition   to rep al  t1 e  Wep nde-nt Tteasury
act    'ihe gfitiernao.  aid tft the ¡ecant i'emo
of General Hai/ison was dn impi ej nsfruc onto
Senators con ir g from the uineuen S i*es wiei
ha! supporte it   n, to re pi it ih t t > a«u 1     S r, I
deny that this  ¡ffcreiice 1, ja^t   pud ? sir 1 g ob-
jection to fheresjluuun piop-> ea by I ,p hcnoiable
yent'enian i , ia¿t it is n t & ipp 1l J by  uch an
issue m the late canvass ^ to m-dry it conclusive
Ideny that tne íidependeát Tre~-.j"y  was tn-> ír-
dacug cause to the success of Gev al Harrison
It was not the exclusive issue    Fallow ng, sn, the
exastpi  set by olast Senators oí >-><l- ¡sarros. I
mingled among the people   in  this contest, and
knew that ethe, questions had a much more pewerfu'
effect—-questions which were made to go home to
their hopes and their fears—and that they  did not
consider this  as the great issue upon which they
were to decide.    The extraordinary pressure of the
times, some peculiar circums anees, and tL« mili-
tary services of   General    Harrison,   advancing
in  the   ieid   of   the   mass  of   question--,   had
a   most  powerful   agency   in producing  the re-
sult '    Who, sir,  can   fo g t   that his  military
pretensions   were   urged, with  great   ardor  and
flrquenee   upon this floor by ths gentleman from
Soutn Caro1 ma, who usually sits oppo ite to me—
and by the gentleman f'c r> Kentucky,  who sits to
my right on the other «ide of the house     And can
we fail to advert to the very fountain from which
sprang all their success—their convention at H<ir~tt
burgt   There they soltnnly resUvei that they would
male no formal decimation of thin cjntitoni—no, sir,
none    The thing was to be left to the individual
siill and judgment of their partisans, and now,
after the close of Ihe contest, the first step to be
takan is an absolute demand, upon this floor, that
Congress shall declare, m effect, that such was the
usue male and decided Iefote the people    The \ery
avowal of th° Senator fiom Kent-cky, when pressed
by the Sena'or from New York upon the subject of
the United States Btnk, as the antagonist measure
to the Independent Treasury, that "sufficient lor
the day is the evil thereof," is mysteuoKs, but equ -
valent to the declaration that the Independent Trea>
^ury was th¿ great exclusive i«sue  before the peo-
ple    Í utterly de^y this inference    There were nu-
m-iojs 1 sues, and a combination cf cmse , which
it is uiir-cce^s-ary to repeat.
I trust that I would be among the ¡a^t men de'i
berate ly to a ti mpt, m a representative capacity, to
disobey'he m^tractii ¡is of my constituents    Bjt,
su, 11J   mstructun , such as  insisted upon, ba\e
been made, and the honoraole gentleman will find,
wrien he -.ubraits the true issue of a United States 1
Bank as ihe antagonist of the Independent Treasu- ]
ry, the t'eci ion of the people will in. ail probability j
bp agairst ihs former.   Then, and not till then,
shall we hav  the true issue, and the true result
Mr   HUBÍHRD   roe  pnd ssid    Mr.  Presi-
dent—I cannot deny, wh,n I read the reou-
uon in the morninj'o papei, which had bes-n of-
fered on yesterday by the Senator from Kentucky,
that I was s0 newhat surpr sed.   I hit e ant'cipated
<>n" sveh movement dm n,* tb s si ort ses ion of
fin>-ies      I h/d &npp >'cd iba' ¡->e repeal ef tue
Iidepon'eat Ticí ury act w uM ! e atter^p el un-
der the next Administration, but I had not even
ima ned that ir would then be irged without pre-
s n' ¡ g  ome subs itute, ¿nd I mu t confess ti a I
d d not look for such a proposition from anv quar-
ter during tre coitn a*nne if the present Adti nus-
tration    It is, hovever bfoe U'   and it pie en is
a distinct que t on    The resolution proposes to m-
stiuct the Committee on Finance to report a bil> pro-
viding for ¡he immed a'e repeal of tbs Sub Tita-
sury act, it is presented to ihe sam  Senite, it p o-
pt s s to bring the subject before th  v<*-y Congress
which, but a few months past, enacted this very
measure     Si«-, I could not  havs b°lieved   that
any member of this body would urge up n the Se
na e the repeal of this measure wh ch had been
adjt 'ed eitei so much debate, after so much reflec
tt&ii, and a ter so much  corsi 'eration    But, I
agin say, tía' the propos uon has be< n jr-sent-
el,  ict lis now   mt t i    manfully,   ard  w th a
. termination to rev ew the tvbile giouid    I cin-
not  ay,  vi h the S ia* r from Somh   Carolina,
that I regret that ¡his rroposit.on ha. b'en brought
frivrard    I can siy ihat i did not an'iwpate u    I
can resale he Sep  or from KentoUr , before us
as i is, it canhi sib nt'y b<. dbpo ed of.   It rr>i,st,
an I 11 ust it vill, b° deoa'ed, and to1!/ deba ed'
L t t c \ hi e s;fouid which Hs  ieretofore been
occi-pitdm at ument, be re examinei', and  'ei if
be madete, apoejr, if tf can be, th^t oir pc ii ons
are untenab1?, and that our arguments  ire falla-
cnu , anf tb t ihe measure itself ought to be aban-
doned.    If ah th<t* caí beshOwa, t.ieu, foi   one, I
shall be papa ed to vote for lis repea1, bat until
that can be done, I will sustain th® measure, essen-
tial!} coprroted, as I beii^ e >t tn be{ vi h ihe bf<
interests of the country, with what little ability I
possess Whit are the reasons, Mr. President,
which have induced the honorable Senator from
Kentucky to offer his resolution He says that
the result of the late election is an expression of
the deliberate judgment of the American people
m rt'aiion to thismeasure That they have spoken,
ib language too plain to be misunderstood,
their utter condensation of this Sub Treasury
system. That they have demanded at our hands
ib immediate repeal. Sii.I utterly deny the faot,
and I stand heie saying that no man has the right
to make any such deduc ions from the result of the
recent Prejidential e'ection The declaration is
unwarrant d, 111 myjadgment,frorn the farts known
to have exi ted during that canvass. What right
has the Senator to say that any such issue was
made up before the American people? Where is
the evidence of i>' Who ever heard from the party
newspapers of the day, that the n<>w dynasty in-
tended ¿ repeal oí the Bub Trea ury, and that an
appeal was ever made to the people, urging upon
them the propriety of changing the present Admi-
nistration, so as effectually to put down "this bill
of abominations," as they were pleased to call it.
Others may have seen such avowals, but if they
existed, they wholly escaped my observation. No
declaration was made by the great Convention at
Harnsburg against this Sub Treasury policy, which
had been in operation for yeais before. No such
manifesto has been published sree by any conven
tion opposed to the present Administration. This
was not the issue made up before the American
peop'e.
It may have been mtemled—it was certainly not
avowid—and until this resolution was offered, who
Las ever heard that it was me purpose of the Oppo-
sition to bring about a repeal of th  Sub-Treasury,
vvi houf, at the «ame time, presenting some other
measure in its stead?
Mr. President, I well recollect that soon after the
Convention at Harnsburg, and just before the
spring elections in Virginia, a document was sent
forth under the authority of an executive commit-
tee. And was the Administration assailed in that
document for its Independent Treasury operations?
No, su, the Administration was attacked for its
alleged wastefulness, its profligacy and corruption,
in relation to the public expenditures. It was at-
tacked for at empt ng to pale upon the country a
standing army oí two hundred thousand militia. It
was the expends of th* Administration, and Mr.
Poneti's r/> ima report, wh ch constituted the
grounds of attack n. the docurren' to which I have
referred, and t^ey constuuted the great bur-
den of the Oppos' ion song m my country,
fiom the ckse ot tbe late session ef Congres",
unt 1 the day 01 election Had tne direct proposi-
tion been ¡submiUed to the American'people, "Will
you continue the Independent Tnasury system as
it is, or ■« ill you go back to the S ate bank deposite
system as it was m 1836^" what think you, sir,
would have been ihcr decision' For one, I enter-
tain no doubt, if ihe peop'e could have been left to
the exercise cf their soher judgement, that they
would have returned a e'ea"- verdict m favor of
this great measure of the present Administration.
And just so wtuld it have been had the question
been a Bank of the U"ited Sta'es or a continuance
of the pre ent sys era But no such issue was
made, and, of con^eqjenee, no such decís on has
been given as has Leen, alleged No such infer-
ence can fa rly be drawn from the result of the late
election
The Senator from Kentucky s-}S, un!ss> the re-
peal of this act now lakes place, that, as soon as a
Cergress cm bs asse'iib'ed after ihe 4 h of March
next,ihey will not fail to accomplish the work.
Be it «o I rejo ce at tb s e!is met declaration
of the Sen^toi I did not be] eve that it would
even be attempted will out gom? further. The
declarat on of hosti'i'} to this great measure has
gone forth, and I rejoic? at it, and time will show
whether the Seiaicr from Keitucky is right m his
calculations-  s to the s a e of pcpular opinion—of
public still; mt'ih uferencj 10 this measure
In 11 y own S ate, I unow full well lhatit is heldm
high comTi',ndalior, and if it be true, as alleged,
ihat the re°u'iof the late ejections n tobe regard-
