CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
vious to toe presentation of petitions. An appro-
priation bi 1 was received from the House yester-
day, containing, among o her items, an appropua-
tion for the payment oí ihe special messengers that
are daily arriving with t-e votes of the electoral
colleges of the rtspeetive States. He hoped that
the bill would be now taken up with a view to its
reference.
The proposition was agreed to, and the bill mak-
ing appropriations in part for the support of the
Government for the yeai 1841 was taken op, read
a fifst and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
On mouon by Mr. ROANE, the petition and pa-
pers of Richard Hams, now on fue, were reterred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ICiJMGf presented a joint memorial of the
General Assembly of the S ate of Alabama, asking
for the establishment ot an additional land district
in that Stak in  he section acquired from the Cne-
rokees; which was read, and laid upon ihe lab'e.
Mr. K. also pre-ented the petition of a number
of Citizens of Alabama, praying permission to en-
ter a section of land for school purpises, in hcu of
one which is covered by an Indian reservation,
which saj referred to the Committee, on the Public
Lands.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented ?adi .oral do-
cuments in relation to the claim of Colin Bishop,
which vas lete icd to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr YOUNG pre-ented the petition of a number
of the citizen, ot Cook, Dupage, and Kane coun-
ties; and ¡he petiiion ot a number of the cm«ns of
Lake, McUuiry, and Winnebago counties, in ihe
Slate of Illinois, piayiog for the establishment of
mail routes; wmeh wire referred to ihe Committee
on the Post Office and Pest Roads.
Mr MERRICK presented the petition of Richard
Patten; which was refer)ed to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr SMITH of Indiana presented the petition
of Zidock Smith, which was reiened to the Com-
mittee on Claims
On motion by Mr LINN, the documents ncv on
file m relation to the claim of the heirs ol Mai'ame
De Lusscr, and the petition and papei of Albm
Michel, were referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the petition and
papers of Hannah LighUoot was referred to the
Committee on Pensions
On motioi by Mr. ROANE, the petition of
Richard Harris, now on file, were íeferred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. YOUNG gave notice that, to-morrow, he
would ask leave to introduce
A bill to authorize the issuing of a patent to Jo-
seph Compo;
A bill for the tclict of Joseph Compo, and
A bill for the relief of Piancis Livcntua, Eoc-
ne¿er Child", and Linus Thompson.
Mr. SEVIER, in pursuance of pit vious notice,
asked and obtained leave to in'ioduce
A bill to authoiue the Legislatuie of the Suve
of Arkansas to sell the lands heretofore appropii-
ated for the use of schools in that State, which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Mnrphv, pi1 J
A bill for the relief of It chard T Batiks
which were severally read Uicp, in,' itfrrrcd to the
Cjmmittee on Indian Affair ;
A bill to revive the pet entitled "An pet to ena-
ble claimants to land1, within the limits ot Mi soun
and the Territory of Arkansas tn institute proceed-
nigs to try the validity of their claims," approved
the 36 h of May, 1821, and an <-ct amtndn? the
b?.me, and extending the provisions oí sat. act to
claimants to lands within the S airs cf Louisivu
and Mis-issippi; which was read twice, and releaed
to the Committee on Private Land Claims; and
A Dill making appropriations for the rcmov.d of
in3 rait m Red River; which was ,ead twic , ¿n I
íeferred to the Gi remittee on Commerce.
Mr ANDERSON, m pursuance oí prevous no-
tice, asked and ,b s nul leave to mfoiuce a 1)1! 'o
amend an act en it'ed "An act to autlioii^e the
State of Tennessee to is-u^ gran's, and perfect title 
to certain lands therein described, and to settle the
claims to the vacant and unappropriated lands with-
in the same," passed the 18th day of Apn1, 1806;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
Mr. MERRICK, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for ire rebef of the heirs of Francis Newman;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on 'he Judiciary.
Mr. KING gave notice that to morrow he would
ask leave to introduce a bill for the rebel of the
corporate authorities ot the city of Blobtle; and
A bill for the benefit of certain railroads therein
named
Mr FULTON, in pursuance of previ' us notice,
asked and i blamed leave to introduce a bill to per-
fect the t.t'es to lanas south of the Arkansas liver,
held under the New Madrid locations, and pre-
emption rights under the act of 1814; which was
read twice, and referred to the Comm ttee on the
Public Lanls, and
A bdl for the relief of William A. Dixon.
Mr. RUGGLES, in pursuance of previous no-
tic°, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the relief of Charles M. KcIIt and Henry
Scont, which was raad twice, and íeferred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. TALLMADGE, by unanimous ciatent, in-
troduced a joint resolution proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution ot Ihe Uiited S'ates, li-
miting the President of the United States to one
term; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mi. CLAY of Alabama, m pursuance of previ-
ous t,otice, aslcd and obtained leave tomttoáuce a
bi'l tor the benefit of the Selmi and Tenm s ee
Railroad Company, whuh wis Tad twice, <nd re-
iened to the ConimitUe on Roa Jo an 1 Canals
Mr. PRENTH-5, mjiursuance ot previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
authorizing the payment of invalid pen-nons m cer-
tain cases, which was read twice, and refeired to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the bid making appropna-
t ons in part for the support of Government for the
jear 1841, reported the same without amendment.
At Mr. W's suggestion, the bill was, by unani-
mous consent, read a second and third tunc, and
passed.
Mr SMITH oí Indian?, from the Committee on
Roa Is and Canals, «o whicn wa« uterred a bdt to
authorize; the Mount Carmel and New Albany Rail-
road Company to enter on a credit a qu-ntity of
land, to aid the comp?ny m ft e construction of a
railioad from New Albany, in th; State of Indi-
ana, to Mount Caroitl, in the State of Illinois, and
for oihcr paipo-c, reported the same: without
amendment.
Mr. LINN, in pursuance of picvi >vs no'ice,
asked and obtained leavv. to introduce a I ill ior the
relief of ccr am companies of Miss,ouu volunteers,
which was rea. I twice, and reierred to the Commit-
tee on Mil't.-ry Aljir-.
M>\ L gave notice that to-morrow he wou'd ask
leave to introduce bibs of the íonowing tules
A bill for the rel et of Gregoirc Lirpy, oi hii le-
gal SrepreaeMal ve%-
A b'll 'oi m- íeVf of the: he's of M wud
Eslava,
A bill for tV relief oi Sebast an BiHche ;
A bill for th^ rehef < f Thomas P. L< p?s
A bill for the r 't'i ol Joseph Bogy;
A bill confitmi )g the claim ot the heir, of h seph
Thompson, «r e'ece^sed, tj a certain trae  ot lanj
in Missouri,
A bill fir the re'icf of the repre er>taü«s oi
Perre Bonhonjie,
A bill for the iclief of Jcshua Kennedy, a's grcj
of CoiiipUu  McCofttn, ?nd
A bill to confiim to George Tuckes his heirs ct
assignees, a ce tain '.¡act oí luid in Alabama.
Mr. srURGbO.V, fren the Commi ieo on Re
voluttonary Claim-, to which was rekiiel the pen
tion upon the subject, reported a bill for t íe relief oi
the repr.«cmauvci of Jeln II Stone, , ecea^ul,
wh'eh was. read, and oulered to a second leading.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on th: Judi-
ciary, to which was referred a bill supplementary
to an act to provide for ¡be  adjustment of titles to
land in the town ot Detroit and Territory of Michi-
gan, and for other purposes, reported the same with
an amendment.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, reported
A bill for the leliei ofc William P. Rathbone;
A bill to amend an act entitled "An act mora
effectually to provide for the punishment of certain
crimes aga.nst the United States, and for other pur-
poses," and
A bill to prevent the counterfeiting of any foreign
copper, gold, silver, or other coin, and to prevent
the bunging into the United S'ates, or uttering, any
countertcit foreign copper, gold, silver, or other
com;
which weie seveially read, and ordered to a second
reading
Mr. PORTER, on leave, introduced a bill for
the relief e>f certain companies of Michigan mihtia,
whiea was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee ou Mil'tary Affairs.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was referred
A bill to regulate the pay of pursers m the navy;
and
A bill to e-flabl'sh the navy ratien;
severally reported the same without amendment.
Mr. MERRICK submitted the following tor con-
oideration
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate to the Senate a statement
showing the quantity of public land sold in each.
year since the year 1828, which bal been in mar-
ket subject to pnva'o en'ry for the respective pe-
lioeL of fwe, ten, fiiieen, twenty, twcnt)-five and
thirtv, or more yea.s, the amoimts for which the
same ¡ms been sold, and also showing in parallel
co' umns the quantity of public lands sold in each
oisudjeats, wmch had not b'en subject to pri-
vate entiy for fi/e or more years, arid the amount
received for the same. Also, a report showing the
total Quantity of public land ceded to each rf the
respective States within which they he, tor colleges,
academies, scaool--, or other purposes, distinguish-
ing between the quantities of public land so ceded
for each particular purpose.
Mr. CLAY of Alabima submitted the following
resolution, which was considered and agreed to:
Re,ohcd, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to mqune into the expediency of ex-
tending the time f r completing the census in those
States or D «UiOts in wh ch the same ha  been pre-
vented bf die pievalcnce of disease, oi other un-
control'ab'e ca'i es.
Mr. HUBBARD submitted the following resolu-
tion, whieh was coiibieki<=d and agreed to.
Ilesolced, That tne Committee on Claims be in-
structed to mqune into the exped eney of allowing
to Jame- H Rjifc compensation for his services in
icmovmg intruders from the milttaiy reseivation
attache-! to Fort Ltavenworh
Mr. BENTON ubmitied the following resolu-
tion, wmch was coi sidcred and agreed tv
Kcsdo d, lhat the Secre ary of the Tre <-ury be
direct* 1 i" cause *o be i repaicd&nd communicated
to the   Smate, tpb'es   of the rates  of exchange,
foreign  and dome t c, and of the  puce-,  of bank
j   > otto and ofspe i ,   on er neai   the  fifsi day  in
I  each i) o di, .it Ni v Yoik and Phi adtlphia, dur-
i    r>, ilv ye, ) 18 3°% lc.O.ard 1810, ard tfcathe ac-
j  lompiii   ih   same v.i'h a Sj nopsio of the Mtes of
j  evcl.a be, io- i?n and dome He, and  tee pnces of
i  bank ■ cms and .pece, at New Yolk and Pmladel-
¡ pboa, m previo'is years, s0 far as the ia*t can be
i  dine iiom the materials no,-/in the Treasury De-
I  partm ¡it.
¡ M LINN submitted Ihe fo'lowing ¡csolution;
i wl  . was cuu idered aul agiced lo-
I he ch o, That the Committee on the Judiciary
benstiuce' to inquire into the expediency of ex-
tend n% ihe time, either specially er gtnerady, for
icceivint, the censas returns lor the (it h census of
the TJntted States.
Mr WALL submitted the following resolution*,
vhiih wire con^idTrd and agieed to,
Maolvid, That the Coramtuee on Comruprce be
instructed to inquire into the exped)ency of making
an appropriation  for the removal ot certain ob-
