U8
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
had been reduced to the lowest possible scale, and
yet that they had kept within that «cale
But there was another remark on the sixth page
of the message, whicn he thought deserved a pass-
ing notice. The President says, to accomplish the
great object of keeping the expenditures witnin the
income, two things are indispensable- "First, lha<
tie action of the Federal Government be kept
withm the boundaries peescnbed by its founders "
Well, now he supposed that this duty of keeping
the action of the Federal Government witbm the
bounds of the Const'tut on, was an absolute duty,
not of terms and circumstances, and condition*,
but always peremptory—always mandatory. What
was the inference to be drawn' If they wished o
keep down the expenditures, and the Treasury was
low—if ihey wished then to keep within the Con-
stitution, what if it were ialP Would they transcend
the Constitution There was no one limit to the r
duty in this re^p^ct, whether the Treasury were
full or empty, they were not to be tempted to ex-
ceed the bounds )f th" Treasury were lull—they
were not to be deterred from coming up to it by
an empty Treasury
Agam, there was another important omissior, as
it struck him, in the message, to which he wished
to call attention The President say., that, in addi-
tion to a decrease in the revenue, "two and a half
millions of duties have bee  relinquished by t«o
biennial reductions under the a!t of 1833 ' Be it
so, bat did the Pre ident—did thty mn all know
that there was 1 e'oic them, v.i Inn a year, a much
greater relinquishment—if that was the proper
phrase—of duties, and, withm a year and a half, a
still greater, and last' Did they not bee, therefore,
from the ex stetice ot the debt already contracted,
in some form or another, against the Government,
and from these ceiiain reductions of duties—if the
law should remain unaltued, and nothing should be
done about it—did they not see that a ca«e was be
fore the country which would require all the wis-
dom of Congress, and some effort, to enable it to
discharge a good deal oí its obliga ion-? But he
saw no recommendation of any inciease of duties
on ai tides of luxury, such as s Iks and wines, nor
any proposition m any other way rcia'e to provide
for these demands on the Trea^uiy no  befoie
them, and some of them near at hand Hue, ih n,
the result of the whole is, that ¡he President's expe-
rience for the four yeats oí his administration has
shown him that the revenues of the Government
are not adiqiate to its expendituies—lis
expeuence has shorn Inn the necrs¿ ly
ei expending seven mil'ions a ye ir beyond the in-
come, that the eountiy is innning nghf into the
jaws of debt, and that there is no p'ospect of in-
creasing the revenue whatevci, no mean.  of reduc-
tion pointed out, and yet the message contains an
earnest, an arden', and a general admonition not to
create a public debt Now he (Mr WtBsifR)
knew not, of coui e, what was exoected to be done
to meet ihe contingencies which must arise, as the
Secretary says, la i¡¡e fiiat quarter of the next
year, bu' he supposed the suggestion would be fol-
lowed, authorizing the emission ol Tieasury notes.
He (Mr WiBsrfcR) vould much hive preferred,
himself, that oth-r provision should have been
made, tspecully, a he had often said lo the Se-
nate, that a trfv should te lad on French silk*, and
Fruncí w nt', out, it 'io hingof mssort were done,
the t m<  w.!>s c >mmg whep pio^is on mn t b  ma ¡e
/rom another sou.>,e lie honed the r habilitas
woul 1 t c pnvide 1 lor lar'y and fully during this
se sion ot C>ngrcss, hn, (or one, should depiecate,
a> very íncoavmnnt ai d expensive, the bene du-
ven to an extra s's.i in o Coogress, and be hop 1
thoje bavin, the po ver ai t'n tmw wou'd make
such reasonable provision a  that tint i ccessity
wculd b" obvat 1
-j  Mr WRIGHT sul ikre was a single topic
touched by ihe Senator i-om Massachusetts, and
butone, on wnici he ip>ire! furdcr info mation
beftre he ,,t emp ed the r°pl> vh'ch hs r-mark-
caded f¡ i If i* was rtrkfily «greeaol to tV S
naior, ihrrcli ie, he wis ie I t ,at the further cons de-
ratioa oí ¡r> suoject might ihe postno ed unul ti-
rso row. If, hov/ev.r, it was the p easute of the
Senate to take the vete lo da}, he woa'd proceed
■ajthhis remarks
Mr. WEBSTER and the Senate generally ac-
nesced m the postponement.
On motion of Mr CALHOUN,
Tae Sánate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, December 16, 1840.
After the journal had been read,
Mr ADAMS asked the consent of the House to
permit him to call up for cons deration the follow-
ing resolution, submitted by him on last evening,
and on which, owing to a simultaneous motion to
adjourn, no action was had
Resolved, Toat the Presxdent of the United States
be requested to cause to be communicated to th's
House, so far as may be compatible with the pubbc
interest, copies of all documents in the Department
of State, showing the origin of any polit cal rela-
tions between the United States and the empire of
China—the first appointment ol a consul to reside
at or near Canton—whether "such consul, or any
oiher subsequently appointed, has ever been re-
ceived oi recognised in that capacity, and the pre-
sent relations between tie Government of the Uni-
ted States and that of the Celest al Empire.
Objec ion being made, the resolution was not
considered.
Petitions and memomls were then preiented by
Messrs EVANS, RANDALL, PARRiS, and
CLIFFORD, of Mame.
Me«srs EASTMAN and ATHERTON, of New
Himp'hire.
[Mi. Atherton presentid the peti'ion of Richard
Perry ft r a pension, referred to Committee on In
valid Pensions ]
Messrs WINTHROP, PARMENTER, LIN-
COLN, ADAMS, CUSLÜNS, and B YKER, of
Massachusett-
Messrs TILLINGHYST and CRANSTON, oí
Rhode Island.
Messrs, SMITH, BOARDMAN, and TRUM-
BULL, of Connecticut.
Mr  SMITH, of Vermont.
[Mr Smuh presented the petition of Dr flail,
rtferred to Committee of Claims the petition of T.
W. Gebbs and others for an alteration of mail
íoute, referred to the Commiaee on ihe Post Office
and Pust Road' the petition of A B Haswelt in
behalf of himself and other**, hens of Anthony Has-
well, praying that the fine and costs «hich was paid
by him after conviction on an indictment under the
sedition law, be pud to th ra, referred to the Com-
mittee on the  Tndi"iary ]
Messrs riLLMORE, CURTIS, GRANGER,
BARNARD, ELY HOFFM-VN, WAGNER,
BREWSTER MALLORY, RUSSELL, GRIN-
NELL, MONROE PHEYTISS, PECK, ard
STRONG, of New Y.rk
[Mi. Prenti s presented the petition of Rufuc
II' my, of ihe city of New Yoik, who was an Ar
tificer in tne seivc dunng the late war with
Gieat Britain, praying to be placed on the list oí
invalid pensioners Of Ruth Taylor,wiJow of Samu-
el Tailor, «\ Revolutionaryppnsion'.r, and Dorothy
WoliLur, widow ol Abraham Wohbur, a Revolu-
tionary pensioner, piaying the benefits of the act of
July, lüób ]
[Mi. P   J Wagvb.Iv p-esented the petition  of
Wilna") J Sulwell, piajin  for a pension for in-
venting in 1730 the   ' entre board" or 'slip keel,"
now in common use in riser and coasting vessels
lefened to the Committee on Coramerce ]
[Mr Snovr piesenicd the petition of sundiy
i lhab.ianls of the county oí Wdjne, in the State
of New York, for an ¿ppropnation for the immove-
m nt ®i tl e haiboi at PuUencyvillc on Lake 0i-
tano, which wao referred to the Committee on Córa-
me ice
[On motion of Mr fTito\u, the petition of
Ebe iezer P ere , foi halt pay as a soldier, from
Dccembei, 17d3 o May 1-18 now on fi'c, vas re-
ferred u the C< m little on Invalid P<=i.sioí¡s 1
Mcsrs M1RCIUND, PAYNTER, HOjK,
BEVTTY, HENRY, an J WAGENER, of Penn-
\'vama
Me-sis JOHNSON, DENNIS, and CARROLL,
ol Maryland
Me-sis HOPKINS, TALIArERRO, RÍVES,
and HUNfER, of Virginia.
[Mr. Hopkins presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Albemarle county, Va praying for the
establishment of a post route from Charlottesville
to Harrisonburg, the petition of citizens of Nelson
county, pra>ing for the establtshmtnt of a post
route from Mount Hovel to Staunton, in Augusta,
memorial of A Sammons, of Tennessee, praying
Congress for relief as one of the securities of a de-
faulting postmastsr; memorial of Asa and Jabez
L White, of Connecticut, praying to be released
from their contract for carrying the United States
mail, memorial of J F. Caldwell, of Virginia,
praymsr for relief under sundry contracts with the
Post Office Department for the transportation of the
United States mail, memorial of Elmund Ruffin,
of Virginia, for equahz ng the postage on newspa-
pers, etc all re'erred to the Csmmittee on the
Post Office and Post Road* ]
Messrs. DAWSON and COOPER, of Ge-rgia.
Mes-rs. ANDREWS, GREEN, and J. B.
THOMPSON, of Kentucky.
Messrs. J. L. WILLIAMS, W. B. CAMP-
BELL, and C H. WILLIAMS, of Tennessee.
Mr GOODE, of Ohio.
Messrs. RARIDEN, WICK, and DAVIS, of
Indiana
[Mr. Davis presented the petitions of C. de la
Hahlandiere, John Johnson, Sarah L°sl e, James
MeCutcheon, Hannah Preble, John Wilson, and
John M Wilson, all of which were severally re-
ferred to the appropriate committees ]
Messrs CASEY and REYNOLDS, of Illinois.
[Mr Reynlod  p/esented the petition of sundry
citizens of Jackson county, Illinois, stating that a
considerable quantity of low land in said county is
l.iundaleJ annually with the waters from the Mis-
sissippi and other streams, so that said land is en-
ti ely useless to the United S ates Government ard
the c tize s In** watet remaining stagnant, causes
much sickness id iha neighborhood Much of said
land has been in market for upwards of one fourth
of a century. The petitioners pray a grant of said
land to a company, to enable said company to re-
claim the same, and thereby to render the neigh-
borhood healthy. Said petition was referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.]
[Mr Casiy presented the petition of Jeremiah
F elds of Illinois, praying the correction of an er-
loneous land entry; which, on his motion, was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Also, the petition of John H Murphy and Thos.
McKibbin of Vermillion county, Illinois, praying
relief in ca e of a mail contract referred to the
Commit ee in Pon Offices and PostRoad0.]
Mr THOMPSON of Mississippi asked leave to
offei a resolution directing the Committee on the
Judiciary to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting a bill proh biting the admission of the evi-
dence of colored persons oa trial by court martials.
Objection being made, the resolution was not
received
Me^rs CRABBE, CHAPMAN, and DEL-
LET, of Alabama
Mr MILLER, ofMissoun.
Mi  CROSS, of Arkansas.
Mt  DOTY, of Wiskonsin.
The several States having now been called,
Th° SPEAKER stated that the next business in
order was the resolution of the genilemsn from
Ma<sachuselts, [Mr Adams] calling for informa-
tion miormation in respect to our
COMMERCIAI   RLLATICTsS WITH CHINA
The resolution having been again read, (see
abo\ e,)
Mi ADAMS', after some remarks showing the
impmancc of accertanung what are the true po-
li i M ?nd coTimsrcial relatiens between this Go-
v i i nen c-nil Cbma, observed it was h'ghly desi-
lablc in ti e p^ nt critical state ot affairs with the
la tei county, that we should know whether our
Consul had been recognised by it or not He
wished to know the ex?ct footing on which we
stand Mr A m advertm  to some documents
presen'ed at the la^t session, said he believed it
appeared from one of ihtm, that whenoui Consul
was about to present a memorial from American
ci'izens at Canton, he was directed by the autho-
nt es to patee the name of the Emperor of China
two inches higher than the name of thj President of
