CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.                                             31
that message, the evils of debt under any cir-
cumstances, however, under whatever circum-
stances, and for whatever consideration contract-
ed, and attempting to convince them that it should
be avoided at • all times and upon all oc-
casions, and for all considerations, whea the
safety and honor of the nation will permit. Such
he understood to be the driit and purport of the
message upon this very important topic. Yet he
(Mr. W.) was prepared to go farther than the Pre-
sident had gone, and say what he bad not said.
He would say, not that there is a political party in
this country in favor of, a national debt, per se;
but that there are interests in this country so in fa-
vor of a national debt—interests which ever had,
do now, and.ever will favor the existence and per-
petuation of a national debt, per ss, for itself,for the
advantages they derive from it. He believed those
interests existed in every civilized country—he be-
lieved they were ever active—and he believed they
constituted an influence, against which it was one
of the prominent objects of the President to
warn Congress and the country. What are
those interests which naturally favor a nation-
al debt, per se; a national debt for itself, and for
the benefit to be derived from its existence? Re-
tired capitalists, men who have withdrawn from
business, with a capital which they wish to pre-
serve for themselves and their families, constitute
one such interest. Such persons naturally desire
a permanent and safe investment for their money;
aud it is most rational that they should vastly pre-
fer their country as their debtors, if it be of good
standing and credit, to any other. Look at Eng-
land. What supports and perpetuates the aris-
tocracy of wealth there but the British national
debt? It rests upoa the debt, and could not be sus-
tained without it, and the indebtedness of the coun-
try is its strength and power. Mr. W. said hespcke
not of this interest, as now existing in this country,
in censure; it was as natural as exister.ce its If; it
must grow up in every prosperous community;
will ever exist in some lorm, and can only bs
curbed and controlled by a people and Govern-
ment free from debt.
But was there not another interest, and an
important one in every commercial commu-
nity, which was benefited by, and therefore
was in favor of the existence of a national
debt for itself? He spoke of that great interest
connected with foreign commerce, and desirous of
a medium of convenient remittance between its own
and foreign countries. Why, he had seen frequently
the utility of a national debt pressed upon the
country for this cause; and quite rf cently articles
had appeared in the public newspapers—and arti-
cles written with great ability—stating that since
the extinguishment of our debt, fluctuations
in our paper system had been more frequent
and more deleterious, and contending that the ex-
istence of a national debt, and its influence on com-
mercial transactions, were necessary to give that
system stability. But a year ago, a proposit on
was deliberately put forth of that character, recom-
mending that this country should create a debt, not
singly to furnish these commercial accommodations,
but urging that these would be necessary incidental
benefits, while other great objects, valuable in the
mind of the writer, were supposed to warrant the
contraction of the proposed debt of hundreds of
millions.   These were not all.
There was a third interest, which embraced
that class of enterprising, acute person?, who
seek a living, and their fortunes, by dealing in
stocks—the class of brokers. They, as a class
of men, must be attached to a national debt
per s«, for nothing could be more desirable in
the stock market than an abundance of na-
tional stocks and securities, and that abundance of
customers, seeking investments and a market,
which a full supply of superior stocks would never
fail to present to that department of trade. Such
securities, too, must have a tendency to keep the
prices of s ocks more stable, and thus render the
profits of the broker more certain, and his calling
more safe, if not more lucrative.
A further interest, having the same natural ten-
dency, was the money incorporations of the coun-
try, authorized to deal in stocks and exchange, or
practically so dealing, with or without authority.
These institutions, more naturally than the brokers,
must favor the existence of a national debt, per se,
inasmuch as the profits of their business would be
equally involved, while their own stability would
be much more essentially promoted. He did not
enumerate this interest with any political reference.
It was an existing interest in our country, and in
every commercial country in the world; and it
would, most likely, continue to exist, so long as
trade and commerce existed. Properly restrained,
it was a healthful interest to trade and commerce,
while, without restraint, it was a fearful interest.
It was always active, and at times powerful
beyond the careless estimate of a canfiding people.
Yet it was an interest which a people free from
debt need not fear, but from which any people
loaded with debt, public or private, had every
thing to apprehend. It was a corporate interest,
representing no feeling to which human beings are
susceptible, and destitute, from its nature, of all
human sympathies.
There was still another interest which should be,
in his judgment, in favor of a na'ional debt
per se. He referred to the men and interests in the
country which favored the establishment snd pre-
servation of a National Bank as an institution
to regulate our currency and credit He did not
speak of this interest as that of a political party
in the country, or as connected with any existing
political party. His object was to follow the
course of argument of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts,'and take a financial view of the
topir-s under discussion; and he believed in hts
heart that every man who desired the establish-
ment and perpetuation of a National Bank in the
United States, should desire, as the only safe and
secure foundation for such an institution, a perma-
nent national debt. In his opinion, that was the
only safe corner stone, the cniy secure defence, for
a National Bank in this country. It was not his
object, upon the pre.-ent occa,ion, to que-stion the
pa'riotism, or purity oí purpose, of any iriend of a
Natitmal Bank. He would* not, if he could avoid
it, make this discussion political, much less par-
tisan.
He had looked at our own history, and found
that a national debt hid been the apology, and, as
be thought, the controlling cause, of our t o former
National Bank?; and he believed further, that the
existence and continuance of the debt had given to
both the moFt of the permanency and stability
which they had manifested to the country, as mo-
ney institutions controlling our currency and
credit.
He had also referred himself to the pecuniary in-
stitutions of England, and became equally satisfied
that the National Bank there could not sustain
itself for an hour, with its conceded power over the
paper system of that commercial country, if discon-
nected from the British national debt. The capital
of the bank consists of the debt, and the country is
¡ts debtor for the credit it co<rimards. How, then, is
the country to get rid of ¡he bank but by the pay-
ment of the debt, and how can the debtor, though
the proudest Government in the world, control the
creditor, while these embarrassing relations exist?
It cannot be done, and hence the Bank of England
must be as enduring as the debt of England.
So here. So every where. When a Govern-
ment is in debt, and requires a permanent ciedit
beyond its means of payment, it may require aGi-
vernmetit bank to manaee and regulate its fi>cal
affairs; to extend credit when its necessities require,
and so regulate private business as to make ¡hit ex-
tension s=fe and profitable to itself.
He mast then repeat, that, in his judgment, every
m?.n and every intt rest, in this country, favorable
to a National Bank should be a'so favorable to a
national debt, as the only safe foundation upon
which such a superstructure can be erected with
any reasonable promise of permanency.
He mnst conclude, therefore, that there were
in this country interests, strong, powerful, and ac-
tive interests, in favor of a national debt per si;
that these interests have favored, do now favor,
and will continue to favor the contraction and per-
petuation of a national debt for the advantages
which they may derive from, it, and that the Presi'
dent was wise in warning his countrymen against,
their influence in this direction. Other interests;
might be added to the enumeration, but these were
sufficient to elucidate the argument, and show the
danger to be constantly apprehended.
The honorable Senator, if Mr. Wright had us-
derstood him correctly, admitted that the views
of the President, as expressed in his message, upon,
the subject of a national debt, were correct and
sound, but seemed to question his right to give
them to his countrymen, because, as he contended,
they were contrary to the practice of the Adminis-
tration, and of the President as its head.
To prove this position, he asserts that the pre-
sent is the first Administration, under our institu-
tion?, which has begun .-^national debt in tinted ^jj
peace. The assertion is true; and yet isAa-aE
presentation of the point intended to be'iHljped?
Is it calculated to do justice to the Presidentfor to
his administration? Why did not the Senator tell
us that the administration of General Jackson was
the first, under our institutions, which ever paid a
national debt? It would have been as true; and
yet the ajenien, presented in this way, would have
been calculated to do injustice to every Adminis-
tration preceding that of General Jackson. The
fact is that no Administration, prior to that of Mr.
Van Buren, had ever existed, under our Constitu-
tion, which could begin a national debt, because
every preceding Administration had found a na-
tional debt in existence. Such a debt was contract-
ed darins  the war of :he Revolution, before our
present Government was formed.and was first finally
extinguished during ¡he administration of General
Jacksan; and yet he believed he was safe in saying
that every A ¡ministration had borrowed money,
and thus added to the existing debt, and had made
payments towards its extinguishment. While,
therefore, it was tiue that no Administration, prior
to that of ¡Vfr. Van Bursn, had begun a debt, eilher
in a tim? of pea- e or war, and that no Administra-
tion, prior to that of Genera! Jacfcon, had paid off
and extinguished our national debt, it was aisa true
that all Administrations, as well in peace as war,
had borrowed money, contracted debts, and paid
debts. The simple assertion of the Senator, then,
that Mr. Van Buren's was the first Administration
which had begun a debt in time of peace, did not,
in his judgment—and he pronounced the opinion
with deference—present fairly to the country the
President, or his administration.
It might be proper here to remark, that if the
subsequent positions of ¡he Senator were sound, no
di'bt had been begun under Mr. Van Buren's ad-
ministration, because a national debt had not
ceased to exist. That which had been treated as
our national debt in our laws and in our fiscal ac-
counts, was extinguished during the adminis ration
of General Jackson; but if t.-.c items of Indian and
other claims referred to by the Senator, are to be
set down as it-.-m^ of national debt, then h s our
national debt never been p.; id, and the administra-
tion of Mr. Van Buren cannot have 'began" such
a debt.
The true and fair question is, however, why
and under what circuffistaresá has any portion of
debt been contracted under this Administration?
It would not be necessary for him, Mr. W. said,
to spend much time in answering this irquiry, as
most of the Senators present were members of the
body in 1837, and would retain persons! recollec-
tions of the vhole miticr. All would remember
iha' Oongr.'.:.í was convened exiraordtnari'y, for
the single parpóle of supplying thr Treasury and
enabling it to preserve the public faith and honor;
that this call was not made at a time of ssareity or
want in the public fund-:, but when our revenues
were most abundant, when we had millions on de-
po ite wiih the banks, and millions due from them;
that their inability to pay the drafts cf the Trea-
surer, in conformity with .the laws of Congress,
crea'ed the want and compelled the cad of Con-
gres;; and that the same inability of the banks
compelled uv, by the admission of all, to borrow
money upon the credit oí the peopls to keep the
National Treasury in operation.
This new debt was not, then, contracted, or, in
the language of the Senator, "began," because the
extravagance of the Administration had expended .
