CONGRESSIONAL. &L.OBK.
26in Cong.........2>d Slss.                              TUESDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1840.                            Volume 9.........No. 3.
~ BY BLAIR & RIVESL                                       ---------WEEKLY---------                            PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
Continued from No 2
the interest upon these sums to 'he Indians, or for-
feit its faith, pledged through the treaty-making
[lower, or it was bound to invest the pnncip'e so
that the Indians might receive ihe interest from
other debtors Congress had exercised its op'ion,
and prefeLred to appropnate the interest simply,
and wait the sale of the lands to realiz" the capital
to be invested
[Here Mr Webstlr inquired, "Where dilCon-
gress get the option?"]
Mr Wiugiit asked, does it not follov, from the
\exy nature of the transactions bet  een the par-
lies? The Indians sell and convey their landi to
the United S ates, and sunender the title and pos-
session together, upon the faith of treaty stipu'a-
lions. In consideration of the lands sold, the
United States agree to hold certain portions oí the
purcnase mj gy, and invest them for the Indians.
The United States alone are ti us e I, and the receipt
by the Indians oí the annual interest upon the sums
to be invested is a good compliance with the con-
tract to them Would it not be a perfect technical
compliance, if the Government were, by way of
investment, to issue to the Indians its own stocks?
And can it be material, so long as the United Stales
choose to remain the debtors, whether this farm be
gone through wuh, or ihe treaty be left as the evi-
dence of 1 ability, and Congress annually appro-
priate the interest on the money a  it would upon
the stocks1 It seemed to him that the inquiry of
the Senator raised a distinction witnout a difference
of interest on either side, and questioned the right
of Congress lo its option in a case where the option
could nit but exist from ths namre of ihe
transactions. The most the Indian, can claim is
the liability of the Um ed Sta es foi the mtere t and
principal of their money That thpy have by the
solemnity of treaty stipulations, wnile th" money is
not invested When it shall De, they may have se-
cuntie ot a less desnab e character, but in con-
formity wi'h their contract Toe only question,
then, which could influence d ngrecs in its option,
was ihe interest oi this Government and the con
ven ence of i s Treasury
Could it be wise tor Corgress, n the fulfilment
of treaties of this charae er, and w tn such parties,
and at a time when ihere w.i  not a surpl is of mo-
ney in the Treasury, to have direr ed loins unon
the credit of the people for the p^jment of d< bts,
the payment of which was not a matter of feeling
or interest with ihe creditor, and for the eventual
payment of which an amp e fund had been pro-
vided by the terms of the contract which made the
debt' Could loans have been made at a rate of
in etest less than that supi lated to be pa d to the
Indians?   That will not be pretended.
Where, then, is the cause ot complaint, rr of
fault? It is simply in the assumption tbat here is
a debt not mentioned by the President, and still
a debt against the public Tieasury and the people
of the country.
Ii this so, in ihe sense m which the comp aint
has been preferred by the honorable Senator
agamst the message of the President? Mr.
Wn gut had admitted ihat Ihtre was .i liability to
pay, and an ample iund in the lands ceded by the
Indian treat es to make the payment, and had at-
tempted to show ihat Congress had acted wisely in
appropriating the interest upon the money meiely,
until the sale of ihe lands should bong into ihe
Treasury mt rest and principal, and thus enable
the investment to be made without the contraction
of a permanent debt
Was there any thing m all this new or singular,
or peculiar to this Administration? How long had
this Government been making treaties with the In-
dians for the purehase of their land, and contract-
ing obligations with tnem? And if these are tems
of the public debt, why not their annul íes for the
purchase of the same land', which are cf a large
amount? They are debts in Ihe nature of invest-
ments, but they aie never reported as part of the
public debt of the country    Neither are to be
found m any report heretofore made frcmthefi-
l ancial department of the Government, under any -
Administration which ¡ as ever existed, as items of
our pjbhc debt Ih^y are no' so by ihe law, and
they have never been so treated m practice He
had in his pos-ession a document which be had ob-
tained lor another purpose, and whi-h contained a
schedule of the entire Indian treal'es up to last
y<.ar. He should think—for h° had not taken ¡he
trouble to count them—that thsre v. ere several hun-
died , and on ca-tmg his eye over diem this morn
mg, he iound they commenced, at the latest, as
early a3 17U0, and had been made constantly, if
not strictly annually, up to this time
Ihe piactice of s ípulating lo invest sums of ca-
pital, though not new in ihe administration of cur
Indian pffairs, had greatly mcrea ed within ihe
last few years He had had oc asion to beet me
personally acquainted witn art old case He re
lerred to the deposi'e, by ihe Screca Indians of
New York, of ihe sum ot $100,000 with the Uni-
ted States, being pan of the cunsideratitn money
for their [ ossessory title to their reservations under
the stipulation on the part i f this Government, as
he was informed and b heves, ihat they should re-
ceive six per cent in erest upon th ir capital so
loaned He spoke from recollection, and would
not be confident, but his impression was that the
contract was entered into in 1806 He could fur-
ther inform the Senator, that, during the adminis-
tration of John CluiDcy Adams, this money had
been invested in the three per cent stocks of the
United States, then outstand ng, and thai Congress,
while he was a member < 1 t! e other branch, is he
now recollected and bel e el, sppropm eA the
oihei $3,G00, or about ihat sum, lo make up to Ihe
Ind ans the interest to which ihey vtei* ent tied
Tt is was an old ca e, and he ^poke from memory
m regard to it, but from it the honorable Senator
could s e that, if we were now to go back to the
commencement of our Indian relations and bring
up a new account of public t'ebt, we should be
compelled to look far behm i ihe tir^e of Mr Van
Buren, as well as to bepin an ent re new calcula
Uon of debt If the honorable S nator would look
for the investment of this Seneci fund of §100,000,
he thought he would lo k in vain, and yet i h d
never appe?ied many s'at(m°nt from ticTicpsu
ry, as an item of our public ci bt An estim?te
fcr the interest w oul 1 be iound n every annual esti-
mate of expendí ure since the redemption of the
Government--lock in which the lastmves mentwas
made, but ihe capí al was not men tonel, becau e
it bad not been reappropnaied fir a different in-
vestment Still the Senator would not be disponed
to charge this $100 000 to the present Adminis ra
Hon, as a debt contracted by it, and to be unjustly
palmed off upon i s succ^sors
Yet this was but a fair sample of the policy of
go ng back into ih°se Indian relations to find an
existing debt, not drclo ed, against the picsent
Administration If wc adopt the idea, we must i o
back, not to 1806, but to 1790, and br.ng up the
account through all ilv Administra ions which
have existed under our Con U u ion, anu then solve
the question, whether ihat Ad ninialra  on is to be
most censured for contracting deb , which has suc-
ceeded in extinguishing moo,t Indian title to the
public domain of the country, or waethei ihe debts
so contacted have bien and aie considered as
lestirg upon a sure ftimi fir th i jedemplicn in
the lands purchased, while the t'eati"sare,in every
other respect, beneficial to Ihe country, to its popu-
lation and prosperity, and to its Treasury
He believed the last and >n present Admmi tra-
lions had extinguished more Indian titles, and
brought more rt the public lan's into (he market,
and within the reach of ettlement, than any othei
two, if not more than all preceding Administra-
tions, and, as a necessary consequence, the amounts
of purchase money paid, and agreed to be paid, in
the shape of annuities, investments, and otherwise,
would be greater than under previous Administra-
tions.   But what had hitherto been the estimate
placed by the country upon such policy successfully
ptosecuted'i Had we been in the habit of setting
down these purchases of Indian lands as bad and
losing bargains'! As imposing burdens upon the
Treasury, and debts upon the coun r>? Or as im-
ptoving the public revenues, and strengthening? the
Treasury, while they enriched the country? Had,
it ever been supposed that the lands purchased
were not much more than sufficient to pay the
debts contracted?
If, however, this movement was the indication *
ofachanpe of policy by the coming Administra-
tion in regard to the lands, it the tuad thus pro-
vided to pay these debts is to be separated from
the debts, if the lands, or their proceeds, are to be
piven away, and the liabilities incurred under the
Indian treaties are to be Lft unpaid upon the hands
of this Government, then indeed the amounts dae
to the Ind ans, as well m annuities as investments,
tr otherwise, may justly be counted a> defets, as
permanent, enduring debts, only to be paid by tax-
ation upen ihe people. He would tell the Senator,
however, that tnat Administration, and that party,
which shall adopt this new policy, and give away
the lands without discharging these obligations in-
curred for their purchase, will be the Administra-
tion and the party which will charge these sums
upon the people as debts, and which must bear the
re>ponsibility of the act
The honoi able Senator proposes to have a new
set of books opened, to protect the next Administra-
tion from the debts and habilmes incurred by this,
to establish what he calls "a rest" between them.
Mr Wright wou'd go with him to do this, but he
hould insist that the accounls be fa rly stated, and
the books fairly kept, that when the Senator had
charged the administration of Mr Van Buren with
the debts due to the Indians, he should credit it with
the lands which formed the consideration for the
debts In this way, the account would present the
whole truth, and he did not fear the responsibility
oí balancing the book so kept
He was aware that one most expensive treaty
had been made, not by this, but the last Adminis-
tration, without profa to this Government. He re-
ferred to the asl treaty with the Ctvrokecs, for the
exunguisbment of their title to t eir Ian da these
lands wer^ principally in the *-ta e ol Georgia, and
the Indian title was extirgui-he I fir the benefit ot
that State, and not of the National Treasury Yet
this treaty was but a late fulfilment of an obliga-
tion resting upon this Government in favor of that
State, and almost as eld as the Government itself,
an obligation entered m'o to acquire its ti le to a
large portion of the publ ic domain, and opon which,
therefore, ih° moneys paid and payable under that
treaty ate ju tly chargeable, and trom the proce'ds
of which ihey hould be reimbursed to the public
Treasury.
Still, thi treaty being included, the proceeds of
the public Unds would clear all former Adminis-
trations, as well as he present, iro n any responsi-
bility í jr debts contracted under Indian treaties.
L"t the new set of books, then, show bjth sides ot
the account, and contain a full and fair statement
of the whol matter, and we shall not rear that tb's
or any other Administration has run the country m
debt by the extinguishment oí the Indian title to our
immense public domain Let the proceed  of the
lands stand against the moneys paid and the liabi-
lities inclined, and see if there have been bad and
unprofitable and losing bargains.
Is this to be charged at this cay, and from that
quarter? How lorg is it since we heard a very
different account of ihe e Indian contrae'^ Since
he had been honored with a seat rere, the charge
had been made m this chamber, and repeated much
more loudly and widely out of it, ihat our Indian
policy was a swmdlicg policy, that ve were pur-
chasing their landsf^r a son?, and driving them to
the ends of the earth for a re-ting p ace. Then, the
charge was ihat we we«^ making cruel bargains
with the ignorant savages, the poor Indians' Now,
it is that this. Administration has been loading the
