34
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ceunury with debt by making the^e same bargains,.
It will not do, said Mr W , it is too soon to make
this short turn, and wholly chinge die character oí
the complaints growing out of oar Indian relations.
The fscts will not sustain the last portion. The
bargains, as a whole, have been pnfi aMe, vastly
pioátable, io the public treasury, ai d ¡he lanío yet
unsold constitute a fund a hundred fo o more than
sufficient to discharge every rema'mrg 1 ability.
So much for thib mede of shown  ihe Presiden'
in error in hi!, s'atement of our pub! c debt.
The honorable Senator proceeded to enumerate
other heads, under which he did not a«, ert, but ex
pressed his $uspicion that there weie existing deb's
He did not attempt to enumerate items of deb,
and it was impossible for Mr Wright to conjec-
ture what the l'ems were, or for whpt the debts
were suspected to have been contracted The
heads enumerated were, deb s for the public work-.,
debts for the Florida war, deb's tor Indian depreda-
tions at the north, and deb s for o'hei things
Well, now as to the debts for pub'ic wo-ks; there
might be such, but he (Mr Wright) did not ktio v
what they were—he did rut kiKW thit there were
any He was ure it oou'd not be po>^,b!e t íat the
Senator rat- nded simjly to inform us that there «ere
public works commenced which it ua 'he intercut
of the country to ¡ros cute, ard th?' mi vsv w«s
to be appropriated for thtm And if ¡her  was a
debt for pubi c work- , other thin such a prospective
obligation, he wat ignoran  of i If that description
of account was to be opened, he v> oul I aKandon the
discussion with 'he sing'e r< maik ¡h it the hoi ora-
ble Senator would be ft«t mite : ! e f t'lid the new
A dmimstiation clear of obi gau<ms < th' t ch iracter,
either at its commencement < r it  close.
What was the debt gi >u,ng cat of the Florida
wai? He (Mr WíuohtI was igm rant or it, unl< sS
H consisted ol chims lor lo-^e surtan e.' b} cit i r>*
in consequence oi thit v\ar, and did any man sup-
pose tba" the Piesident ot the United States, or itie
Secretar) oí ihe Tieasury, wasa'i homed ti present
those claims to tl e country as a part ot its public
debt? Are the* o, in íactí They i. ,e been pre-
sented year after )ear, and >pt i n af e. ses ion, to
the Congress of the Ui.i ed S'ate , ami a Congie^s
has not yet been found to r?o<gr s« a dollar
them And were the tiecutive efiice s, in the late
of this action of cV"g es , io d caie their, public
debts to st«te th<-ir arxmn', an. t.^11 upon Con-
gres, tcr provision for ih'irpasm n' Ihe subt-
est reflection woate1 coi. mce the Seta or the Mi-h
was a very upcertaiu and eiangcn e„ u iy io male
tip an amount of tbt. It woiul ' e nothing snort
of Execu.ive usurj. atii n of a (p; i ■! character.
Tbtn the debts f„- Irdi n dep'c 'aliens at th?
North—su, if br rni '* ' !| >Jc auir c rrcch,
this was fit (f h's ni a is i enameia'io' — ho !>n w
nothing ol them—he Í '.ew not „hai or where thi v
wefe?
But there were "debts for other th'iis's," if¡
why did not th  ho"cable St n t r bring m thef.vp
millions for Fiei ch spo i-a<ons pievi us to the
year 18uO? That was as much ad bt as the ot1 ers.
It was a claim not recogm ed by Ci ngtess. The
honorable feuator b^Uev-'d iíw¡>-t >u.f he (VIr.
Wright) did not Why not call up the pension
list? That ¡s a debt wh'ch we mo t pay until tue
gallant old so'dier* are no more. It was jjst &t
properly presented a^ ihe Indian ai mimes Why
not present the claims of the he.rí of the ¡a'e Ro-
ten Fulton? Man/ sj^ ^4 ¡hat aj utdebt The
Mead claim? Many thought smilatiy o' that
In short, why not present the tea thousand claims
which their Secretary told h m ^ou'd, in a d«y < r
tw,o, be inventoried, under a re-o ution of the ¡se-
nate of the la*t session? There a'e fn thrusanj
claims on the files of the two Hou ts of Congress,
and are they deb s. to be charged to i> e ad'imistra-
tion of Mr. Van Burén? Was this to be d ne re
fore Congress had re^ogn "ed their jus ice, or mad?
them debts at ail? He coped not, and Le believed
not.
Again, the honorable Senator said, if h« (Mr
Wri<3ht) understood him aright, that ihe Secre Bry
of ¡be Treasury had authorize ihe assumption ttat
this Administration was to tirow a balance ot deb
on the next, by the a        icu that h? did not antiei
pate the pa) meet of the outstanding Treasury notea
prev.ou-5 to Mar:!, 1842.
Mr WEBáTEít observed 'hat he was not coa-
scious of Imng sta'ed that.
Mr. *,7KIGiIT dil not wish to misieprtrent the
Kienator, km hi. h-'d so uiiiers ood him, and so read
h s rem  rks, nub'is>>fd in ths Inte'licencer of this
morning. He woa'd. ho vev>-r, reíi r to the 7th
page of the aina&f report of the Secretary of the
Treasury for the present year, ro* upon our 'a
bies, to prove that suci was not his an' cipation,
but that he «xpeoied the re.venues ot 1841 would
meet the exptnses of thit year, redeem the whole
outs'andin^ baiaue- oí írur and a half millions of
Tieasury ii'ites, aid leave in !re Treasury, w mo
ne>, on the 1st oí Jinuary, 1842, the sum of
§824 273:
The siatfment oí the Secretary is a, follows
"Mo'e de ads concerning the estimates of ihe
next jtarwill he pt >per, and will illustrate the
correctness <f some of the preceding le^il s
It may be' stated, frm tne best data in yo se s>on
I of this Derar nent, ifta' ihe receipt , under the ex-
isting lai "5, wi i piobib y be as follow
Fronm cuvems         -           -           - ^19,000,000
From la ids  ....     3,5000110
From n i c\lsnecus -           -           -          Ü0 000
Ad 1 t'ie expected balance n the T e-
scry, availab'e on the 1 t of Jana-
ary next   -                                          1 580,850
The aggtega'eof ordinary means for
tne next y< ir wou'd then be           -   24,160,855
There will he no '" ng more, either of
prineipal   (r   mtpiest,    due   from
banks, wiiiciii iikely to  be ¡rade
available, < tceft a^out     -           -        22J,000
A timn r  i 1 e'! st, under ti.'  ret e f
31st Mareh,  1840, to  issue Trta
sury 'io e    ¡It a year tr m its pas-
sage expires, bat not to make the
whole eaiv.un outstiiiding at any
one time etc ed  fne millions of
dollars
This will liirm h addt tonal  means,
equat to thei'c crpu e ¡amount which
can be itsued at he- c ise of the pre-
sent yesr, Demg a „„                               342 618
Tni «oi'd fue ' >1 >nc ■M'^Trea
sury, at t-e clo e of 'le )ear, cqa^l
to -           -           -                       -
Bui certain pr}nuni3 must aho be
Blade en ^cdiit of t're /unded
and unlei'ded eeoi, un'ess Corgrcs
author 2e e  utrfcis to be torroed for
extend  g t'e t oa e>í t->eir pat-
ine it    Tl u\ ihere  <ll be rtquired,
On eccount of Ihe fi net d d«b>, ch er-
'y io- the n íes et ih ■- Dis nst
For the i denp ion of Trea urv nets,
if a!' ,!lp others be issued ron ch can
be under t'e paemiaw, as then
the amoun rftmn d with n A D.
1841 «ill ft bat y not e-jxecd
2? irmted balfn^e ¡i he Tre-r«iiry at
the c'^se of tne n^vu jear, aíier a i
\¡&j rceiiia tffha i*ver
$149,300
4 500 000
84 649 200
§824 2T3"
It vm" not 'hen jppsv  J Try thf Secrt'ary, ihat
this deb'of tour ?nd a na!. mi! ions was to be
inr wn over to 1842 He fTprc->ly act cipa'e^
Us payment in 1841. He n'ouid now pa-s very
briefly to o¡h.-r topis .
The honorable Senator complained thit the
President, m his message, and the Secretary, m
Here*,   there   rt v        a icled,   'roin
th't*   tv i'i íH'cc',  o Tiuch as to
make?  the   wloe   nir-ius   iot   ihe
ier   <.->{                -            -            -   34,723 473
On the  riaet  hjnd, ihe expenditdres
*< r ^41,' <■ <! in^i.   putocis, f
Conotribs' iK > r o .e t iction  n h>-
a tr  -* i <!j-rq ■• 'ed by h  dif
ie ent d-pat incuts, are e umated jt    19 250 000
5,473,473
his report, had made refererce to the money
on deposi e with the State-, and called, with
earnest íess, to know whether the President, or
ths Secre'ary, bad recommended the withdraw-
al of that m 'ney, or any part of it. He (Mr.
Wright) fo-.nd i o such recommendation, and
for the best of all reasons, m his judgment—
there «as no nece-sitv for it; the revenue of the
year 1841 was expec ed to be equal to the expendi-
ture< o! 1841, mcMingthe redemption of four and
a half millions ef Treasury noes The deposne
w,ti the Slit's «as referred to as an item of pro-
perty, belonging to this Government, but was not
mentioned as m 'he power of the Secretary of the
Treasury, or of the President It was in the
hands of Cong^ss, an acciinu'ation o former
years, when taxation wai heavier than at the
present time, and was referred to, to show that there
v"is no eau^e for mere sed taxation upon ihe
nerple; ihat the Government, as such, was pos-
sts<cd of means to di^chiige every exiit'ng liabdi-
ty, and to present a ba'arce of some seventeen or
eighteen millions, Lr the future di position of the
Na'ion. 1 Leg slatur<\ This cer amly could be no
ji. t cause of complaint The President and the
Secretary had been mfhe exeicise of most respon-
sible trüsK They were sbout to surrender them
to oth"rs, who would seem more dircct'y to repre-
sent ihe public will and choice. It was their duty
to present a true and full account of the public
preperty and the public interests, as they supposed
them to exist, and surely a reference to an interest
ofsome twenty-eight miibons of safely invested
money could net be considered singular or censu-
rable.
The honorable Senator had seen fit further to
compia'n that the President had not recemmendf d a
modificat.cn of the tariff and an mcease of taxation.
Why sh u'd he nave done sC! Tne calculations
and lepresentations ol the responsible officer,
charged with that duty, showed that more re-
venue was not required ier the contemplated ser-
vio; of the coming year. Why 'hen should the
President have recommended measures for an in-
c.ease of revemu?
If ther  had been a just anticipation of a defi-
ciency of means to meet ihe wants of the Treasury,
it would have been incumbent ttt on hirn, as it
would upon the Secretary, io have pointed out the
mode, an f recommenud Ihe measures to supply
that deficiency. Such d d not appear to be their
anticipations, ?nd the r communicTicns to Con-
gress had been made to conform to their sense of
thí>r puol c du'ie . It mi >ht have been very un-
i.nanta've m him, but ui; n the Senator was in-
dulging in h 5 remarks up'-.i this punt, he could
not but feel that the ger.ile"^ , . was impiessed wi'h
the exceedingly cnhcult quest on, the many knotty
points, which the adjistroent of the tariff is likely
to present to the com'r.  Ademn straiten; and that
it "Vas the manifest interest of th- now dominant
party in the cjuntry that poor defeated Mr. Van
Buren should cese m and make on effort to settle
it m advance. It could not fail to be seen that por-
tions eif that Ummohant party would complain of
an/ thing whi'h any roan could recommend upon
this subject, and the Senator m ght kindly suppose
that complaints cou'd not no^r harm the President.
So far from reeip-ocating these feelings Mr. W.
rejoiced ihat it had not been found necessary for
the pre^.nt Present to touch this vexed question.
And he could not he mistaken in supponng that it
wo'ild have been índccirou-; m him,"after the tre-
mer" dous defeat he had eypenrnee 1 at the late elec-
tions, 'o have reach d after d'spiued topics with a
view to their final and re m?nent adjustment by
h m elf or his friet ds He wjs faking leave of hts
res( ors Me posi i n, and Mr. W rejoiced to be-
lieve he wa* domp, what he It'ifved it was alone
pre-pe, for him to do, ccnfihi'ig hims'lf strictly to
ihe disch t«e cf those duties which his short re-
mam ng rfficial t*>rm icqujred at his hands. In re-
ferf-nee to the adjustment of the tariff he had done
a« he «hculd have done—he had ¡eft the whole
ma'ter to tho e who are to rome after him, and
who should be, as they claim to be, the more imme-
diate and aceptable representatives of the popular
will, and he (Mr. W ) did not speak untruly
when be  said   his  most   ardent   wish was th 
