40
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of a large
number of citizens of New York, praying the pas-
sage of uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcy;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary,
Mr. LINN presented an additional document in
relation to the claim of the Missouri volunteers;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. ANDERSON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to author.ze ihe Legislature of theState of Arkansas
to sell the lands heretofore appropriated for ihe use
of schools in that State; which was read twice, and
referred to the C< mmiitee on the Public Lands.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, from the Commitlee
on the Public Lands, to which was referred the re-
solution to inquire into the propriety of addi;ional
compensaiion to registers and receivers in certain
cases, made an unfavorable report thereon; and ihe
committee were discharged from its further conside-
ration.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill to amend an act entitled "An
act to authorize the State of Tennessee to issue
grants and perfect titles to certain lands therein de-
scribed, and to settle the claims to the vacant and
unappropriated lands within the same," passed the
18th day of of April, 1806, which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. C. also, (roa die samp eommiitee, to which
was re/erred a bi/1 to grant other lands to ihe inha-
bitants oí townships deprived of the I Gih section
by Indian reservations, asked to be dischaiged
from i's further consideration, as there was a gene-
ral bill on the subject already on the calendar.
Mr- C. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill for the establishment of a per-
manent prospective pre-emption law, reported ihe
same without amendment, and asked that it might
be made the order of the day for Monday next;
which was agreed to.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Murphy; and
A bill for the relief of Richard T. Bank--;
severally reported the same without amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on
Cairns, to which was referred the petition of James
W lliams, asked lo be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mit ce on the Judiciary; wlrch was agreed lo.
Mr. H. from ihe same committee, asked to be
diicharge d from the furiher consideration of the pe-
tition of Charles Howe; which was agreed to.
Mr. H.'also, from the same committee, to which
various memoria's had been referred, reported  the
following bills:
A bill for the relief of Joseph M Hernandez;
A bill for the relief of Gad Humphreys;
A bill for the relief of Malachi Hagan;
A bill for the relief of John J. Bulow;
A bill for the  relief of Clemens, Bryan, and
Company; and
A bill for the relief of John Moore.
These bills were severally read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred ihe bill for the relief
of Joab Seely, reported ¡he same without amend-
ment. "
Mr. W. fioni the same committee, to which was
referred the bill for ihe reduction and graduation of
ihe price cf the public lands, reponed the fame
with an amendment; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LINN gave notice that to-morrow be would
ark leave to introduce a bill for Ihe relief of ihe
heirs of Nathaniel Pr> er.
Mr. PRENTISS, on leave, introduced a bill for
the lelief of John McLeod; which was read twice,
and refeired lo the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, 'he petition and
papers of Abraham White, and of Mary Brush,
were, referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. M. from the -Committee on tbe District of
Columbia, repotted a«l for ihe relief of the How-
ard Institution of the city of Washington; ant!
A bill for the relief of John Carter; which were
severally read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the bill making appropria-
tions for the removal of the raft in Red river, re-
ported the same without amendment, and asked
that it might be made the order of the day for
Thuisday next; which was agreed to.
Mr. K. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to procure steam vessels for the reve-
nue service,reported the same without amendment.
Mr. K. abo, from the same committee, to which
was referred
The bill allowing drawback upon foreign mer-
chandise exported in the original packages to Chi-
huahua and Same Fe,in Mexico;
The bill for the relief of the Piumb Island Bridge
Company; and
Ihe bill for the relief of Nosh Miller and others;
severally reported the fame without amendment.
Mr. CALHOUN gave notice that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bill to cede the pub-
lic lands to the States in which they lie, upon certain
conditions.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the bill to make new
provisions respecting navy pensions, and making
further provisions in relation to navy pensioners
reported the same without amendment, and a?ked
that it might might bs made the special order of
the day for Wedn; sday next; which was agreed to.
Mr. FULTON gave notice that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a lili for the relief of
Henry Wilson.
Mr. DAVIS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Thomas L. Wmthrop and others, directors
of an association called the New England Mississip-
pi Land Company; which was read, and ordered to
a 'econd reading.
Also, a bill for the relief of Joshua E. Nourse;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Also, a bill to increase the compensation of cer-
tain officers of ihe revenue cutters while serving in
ths navy of the United State?; which was read
twice, and referred to ihe Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which the subject had been referred, re-
ported a bill to ex'end the time for taking the sixih
census; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. NORVELL, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for ihe improvement of certain harbors on the
Northern and Northwestern lake?; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FULTON presented the petitioos of John
Jordan, Frederick Se:gle, William Ramsey, John
H. Piatt, and M( se.s Elder, which were severally
referred to the Commitlee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented the petition of
James McCrory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the petition and
papers of Isaac Bronson were withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionaiy Claims.
On motion by Mr. H the petition and papers of
Moses and Harriet Strong, and of Hugh Stewart,
were withdrawn from the files of tbe Senate.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, the bill reviving
and extending the charters oí the banking institu-
tions of the District xvas taken up, and Mr. T.
moved an amendment thereto; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. T. said this bill proposed to revive the char-
tors of a number of banks in the District of Co-
lumbia, which charters were not then before them.
He underftcod the charters w-irc alike, and there-
fore he moved ihe printing of the charter of the
Bank of the Metropolisonly,wi!hthe various amend-
ments theieto, for the use of the Senate.
Mr. KING could not see ihe necessity of print-
ing the charter, as it had been already printed, and
the Senator could see it at the Clerk's table. He
hoped, therefore, the.Ignorable Sena'or would
wi hdraw his proposition.
Mr. TAPPAN said he had not been able to find
the charters in any of the documents printed for ihe
use of the Senate; but if the Senator from Alabama
had a copy, and would lend it to him, he would be
satisfied; for otherwise he knew not where to pro-
cure one.
The que*tion was then taken on the printing,
and agreed to.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the peti-
tions of John Piper and Anthony Gale, now on
file, were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MOUTON, in pursuance of previous notice,
a?ked and obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills:
A bill for the relief of George de Passau of Lou-
isiaaa;
A bill for the relief of Charles Morgan of Loui-
siana;
A bill for the relief of Charles Morgaa of Loui-
siana;
A bill to confirm claim to lands in the district
between the Rio Hondo and Sabine rivers;
A bill to confirm certain land claims in the Oua-
ch'ta land district, in th? State of Louisiana;
A bill confirming certain land claims in Lou-
isiana;
A bill for the relief of Jean Baptitte Grainger;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Madame De
Luissr, and their legal representatives;
A bill for Ihe relief of Juan Belgai;
A bill for the relief of the legal heirs and repre-
sentatives of William Conway;
A bill for the relief of Pierre Babin;
A bill to confirm certain land claims in the
Greenburg Land District, State of Louisiana;
A bill for the relief of John Compton, assignee
of Ganigues Flaujac;
A bill for the relief of Jean Baptist Comeau;
A bi 1 confirming the claim of John Baptiste
Lecompte to a tract of land in Louisiana; and
A bill for the relief of the lesal representatives
of Therese Malelte, widow of Gaspard Phiole.
These bills were severally read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WALKER submi'ted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, Tiaat the Commitlee on Finance be in-
structed to inquire inte the expediency of granting
further time for payment to the deposite banks in
the city of Natchez, in the State of Mississippi.
Mr. PORTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary ot the Treasury be
instructed to inform the Senate what sales of pub-
lic lands have been made in the State of Michigan,
north of the line dividing townships twelve and
thirteen north, and west of the line dividing ranges
two and three, west of the principal meridian.
Mr. LINN submitted the followirg resolution;
which was considered and agreed t<:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be requested to send to ihe Senate all the docu-
ments and pspers relating to the reports of the
different boards of commissioners acting under the
act for the final adjustment of claims to lands in
the State of Louisiana, approved February 6,1835.
Mr. NORVELL submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary cause the chande-
lier suspended in the Senate chamber to be re-
moved as soon as it can conveniently be done.
The resolution submitted some days since call-
ing on Ihe President for information relative to the
Northeastern boundary, was taken up; and on mc-
lion by Mr. BUCHANAN, referred to ihe Com-
mittee on Foreign Afiairj.
Mr. PRESTON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for ihe relief of the legal representatives of Tho-
mas Cooper, deceased; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. P. also, on leave, inlrodured a bill for the
relief of Gen. John E. Wool and Gen. George
Croghan; uhich was read twice, and refenel to the
Commiitee on Military affairs.
On motion of Mr. KING, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the bill supplementary to an
act to abolish imprisonment for df-bt in certain
cases,
