44                                             CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
And, on the question of leave, Mr. FILLMORE
called for the yeas and nays, which were or-
dered.
It was then suggested that leave could not be
given while petitions weie being presented, to in-
troduce a bill; and as there wa^ considerable op.-
position to the introduction of the bill at this
time—
Mr BREWSTER withdrew his application
nnttl the Slates should be called for resolutions,
when it would be in order to make ths motion
During the presentation of petitions, the follow-
ing notices for leave to introduce bills were given,
viz:
By Mr. MONTGOMERY: Of a bill to change
the mode of disposing of the public lands
By Mr. STANLY- Of a bill to piovidefor the
payment of ihe fourih instalment to (ho Sta'e? as
soon as the public debt is pa>d, and to release the
States from all obligation to return the three instal-
ments already paid.
By Mr THOMPSON, of Mississippi- Of a bill
to revive the ac s of 1837, '38, ior appointing
commissioners to adjust certain claims under the
14th article of thp Choc'aw treaty of 1830.
By Mr. CROSS, of Aikan<-as: Of a bill malting
an appropriation to complete th  removal of the
raft of Red river, an 1 (or other pulpóles
Al.o, of a bill to confer upon the District Court
of the Uniti d States foi the Stale oí Aikansa-, Cir-
cuit Couit jurisdiction  n certain cases
By Mi BARNARD Of a bill for a uniform sjs-
tem of bankruptcy
Al«o, oí a bill making an appropriation for the
improvement of the navigation t1 ihe Hudson
river.
By Mr. LANE Of a bill to confitm to the State
of Indiana the lands «elec ed by -aid State for ¡he
continuation of .hat poition of t' e- Wabash and
Erie Canal that lies Let«een the mouth of the Tip-
pecanoe river and Ttrre Iliule, and for other
purpo e-.
IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT.
Mr MONROE, under the notice heretofore
given, obtained leave to introduce a bill entitled
"An act to abolish imprisonment (or debt m
certain cases," which « lefened to the Commit-
lef on the Judiciary, ind oalereu to be p'inled
Mr M remarked thit the subject was one of
much importance, and he hoped the House would
take speedy action upon it lor the Ivnofi' oí the
South.
Mr. CRABBdened tha' the bill was moreffor
the benefit oí the South than the North.
Mr. MONROE said he bid a-! much rcpect for
the South as any bo ly, and that he held a letter in
his hand stating the fat t that some of the citt/pus-
from the gentleman's district wtic now confined m
the New York jai'.
Mr. DAVIS oí Kentucky, under the notice here-
tofore given, obtained leave to introduce a bill to
regulate the forms and modes of proceeding in
the courts of the United Slate, to repúlate the fee
lilis, and to limit the emoluments of certain offi-
cers, which was read, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary
Mr. DELLET, under notice h relofore given,
obtained leave to introduce a bill to complete the
improvements m the harbor of Mobile; which was
referred to the Committee on Commeice.
On motion of Mr. WILLAM8 oí Connecticut,
Resolved, Thai the papers on fils, relatirg to ihe
pe ltiou of Eunice Clark, praying to be allowed the
arrearages of pension oí which her late husband
was deprived bv being cuonglully s rick n fium
the p'-ns'on roll, be now referred a the Committee
on Revolutionary Pen 'ons.
On motion oí Mr  GR1NNELT ,
Resolved, That the Comtmttea on Commeice be
directed to inquire into the expediency and practi
cabiluy of erecting a light hous? onlSo'ithe.iitpoint
of Coreysfort reef, en the coast of Florida.
On motion of Mr E   DA VIES,
Resolved, That the Postmaster G-neral hereby is
required to inform this House whether Ralph Jtck-
*on is a contractor for carrying the mail in the
State of Illinois, who are his sureties or whs is
responsible to the Department for any failure <n
his part to fulfil his c mtrsct,
On motion of Mr. GATES,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be directed to inquire into the propriety
of increasing the pension of widow Lydia Hoord
On motion of Mr. TRUMAN SMITH of
Connecticut,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be directed to inquire into the expediency
of granting to Ebenezer Johnson a pension foi
services rendered by him during the war of the Re-
volution.
On motion of Mr GALERAITH,
Resolved, That the Commute on Revolutionary
Pensions inquire nto the expediency of extending
the act of Congress of the 7ih of July, 1838, enti-
tled "An act granting half fay and pennons to
certain widows," for another period of five years,
and, also, into the expediency of extending the pro-
visions of the act of 7ih June, 1832, entitled "An
act supplementary to the act fir the relief of cer-
tain remaining officers and soldiers of 'he Revolu-
tion," so as to gra'it pensions to th^se who skived
at any time previous to Ihe treaty of Fort Gren
ville, in August, 1795, and that said committee
report by bill or otherwise
On motion of Mr. SMITH of Mame,
Resolved, That 'he Commi tee on Revolutionary
Pensions be directed to inquire into ihe propriety
of placing the name of Joseph Veazie upon Ihe
roll of Revolutionary pensioners
On motion of Mr EVERETT,
Resolved, That Hip  Comm'tlee on Invalid Perj-
s ons be instructed to inquire mti  the e\ped4ency
of granting a pennon to Ber on Wright, a soldier
in the late war with  Great B' tain, a id  thit hi
pipers on file be referred iherewnh.
On motion of Mr. SMITH (f C nnrci.cut,
R sohed, That the Com rife  < n Rev ilnlionvy
Pensions be directed to inquire irlo the evoedi°ncy
of granting to Jemima'Bnsbv, widow <f Eh-hi
Brisbee, an mewase of the pennon , ] owed to her
by the Pension OíTic<, for th^ service of her hus-
band during the war of the Revolution, m con-
formity to evidence now on file in said olice.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE,
Resolved, That the Presiden' or the United Sta'es
be reque ted to communieite t> 'his House, (if not
in his opinion incompatible uih Ihe public inte-
rest,) all the correspondence bnufp'i this Gov< rn-
ment and that of Great Britain, oi the effieers and
agents of either, oi die officcisard acento of 'his
Government with the Fieiu'ent or any oí its De
pirtmen's, which ha-, not heretofore been commu-
nicated to this House, on ¡he sub) ct of the out
rage of burning the Catohnr en the Nneara fron-
tier; and Hhether there is an/ pro pee' of c mpen-
sation being made to the owner of ud brat for
the lo>s thereof, and also whe'be, any communtca
urns have bce.i made to this Gnvei'iui-n* in regatel
to the arrest and  imprisonment of ------MiL°od,
by the authori íes of ihe Slate of New Yoik, for
being concerned in said outrage, and if so, that h"
communicate a copy thereof to this House
On motion of Mr. SMITH of Maine,
Resolved, Tbat the Comrrn tee on Invalid Pen-
sions be dnected to mq lire into the expediency of
placing upon the roll of xivaM pensions the name
of Daniel Cuore, of Portland, Me.
On motion of Mr GR1NNELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Ccmmerce be
instructed to inquiie into the expediency of enter
in? into negotiations wilh the British Government,
for the purp ><e oí erecting a hihl-hoiise on the
Little Isaacs, and of pJacinp such buoy, on th-
Bahama binks, as may diminish the danger of to s
difficult navigation.
Mr FILLMORE submitted the following re-o
lotion, which was referred lo the Comrautee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and oidered to
be printed-
itesofvidby Ihe Señale and Home of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assemhlrd, (two-thirds
of both Houses deeming it necessary,) Tnat the fol-
lowing trt cie be proposed to the Legislatures of
the «several Slates, as an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, which amele, when
raufiel by three-fourths of the sa d Legislature ,
to be valid, 'o all intents and purpose*, as part of
.he said Constitution:                               „
"The six years' term of service prescribed in
the Constitution for United States Senators, and the
two j ears' lerm for which members of the House
of Representatives are to be chosen, shall com-
mence on the first day of Decembsi instead of the
fourth day of March.
"Those Senators and Representatives who shall
be in office when this amendment shall be adopted
as a part of the Constitution, shall ho'd their of-
fices respectively until the first day of December
next after the fourth day of March when their
offtjes would expire had thi- amendment not been
ma.de."
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS,
The House then a fjou-ned
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Dec mber 22, 1840
Mr. PIERCE present cl the memorial of Daniel
P< ttibone, which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
On mo ion bv Mr PIERCE, the petitions and
papers of Samuel Jamison, John S Billings, Samu-
el Crap n, John McClanahan, Ihe widow of Samu-
el Allen, the widow, of Jcnas Snow, and of Mary
Neal, now on the bits of the Senate, were referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a letter fiom a
number of ctizens of Pmladelphia, who are large-
ly in created in the Agr cultural Bank of Natchez,
praying for an extension of time for the payment
of laj debts due to the Governmen', which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HENDERSON gave notice that to-morrow
he would a^k leave to introduce a joint resolution
to authorize tue Secretary of the Treasury to ex-
tend further indulgence to the late deposite banks.
Mr DlXO*i presented a document in relation to
the claim of Edward Wade, which wa<s referred to
tiu Committee on Revolut < n-iry Claim .
Mr. CLAY cf Aiab n-  submitted the following
resolution, which was cons der>d and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commil'ee on the Post Office
and Po,i Reads be instructed lo tnqu.re into the
expediency of making a just allowance to Sti kes
and Purdom, ma 1 contrac'ors on the route from
Tnsctloosa to Courtland, Alabama, for thp pent d
between the first of Maich and the first of Ji-np,
1830, during which one third of their compensation
has been withheld
Mi. C also presented documents m relation to
the claim above alluded to, which were referred to
the 'atnf commit'??.
Mr. MANGUM presented the petition of a
number <>t mechanics engaged on the arsenal in
North Carolina; which was leferred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr BUCHANAN presented a copy of the prc-
ciedmgsof a meeting m Philadelphia, numerously
attended, and which askeu for the favorable action
of Congress in relation to the claim for Fiench spo-
liations prior to 1800, which was laid on the tab'e,
and ordered to bo punted.
Mr. LINN, in punuarce of previous notice, ask-
ed and obtained leave to introduce a bill for creat-
ing a new land district m the State of M.ssoun,
and for changing the boundanes of theSouthwestand
Western land dis-tuct in said State; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Ihe Public
Lands
Mr. HENDERSON, m pursuance of previous
nofce, a^ked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the relet ot ceitain railroad companies therein
ramed, which was read twice, atd referred to the
Committee on Finare.
On moi'on by Mr HUBBARD, the petition of
Fiancis G'hon, and the petition of James M. Mor-
gan, now on file, were referred to the Committee
on Claims
Mr BENTON presented lh- petition of Thomas
Clark; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion by Mr DAVIS, the documents m re-
lation to the clai a of the Nantucket Steamboat
Company, now on <il<-, were referred to the Com-
m ttee on the Po t Office and Pos,t Roads.
Mr STURGEON presented the memorial of
Henry Simpson; which w as referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
