46
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
the District of Columbia—it  a. their busmesb to
examine ard guard the in erects of the District, an '
he had no doubt they nou d do the duty whieh they
owed to their country, which they owed to them-
selves, and which ihey owed particularly to the
District. He would be parfe-tly satisfied that the
eharter should be left to them; but his friends, who
had been subject to censare, however, thought they
owed it to themselves to hate thi. subject agai i
brought under their contri!, that they might pre en
it in the shape which ihey had intended it should
have originally assumed. There was amth i
reason why there snould be no delay. The charter
of the ctty had already expired, and memorials had
been presented urging its renewal, and the exten-
sion of the right ot suffrage; and he hoped such a
charter would be granted as would be beneficial to
the D striot, giving its inhabitants all the nghis
that properly belonged tc 'heii. The greet political
contest of the country was over, and there was
no object m attributing to Senators principles
which ihey did not ho'd, and if the standing com-
mittee would take it up at an early day, and
promptly act upon the bill, he hoped his tnena
[Mr. Norvkll] would withdraw his proponían.
He hoped they should not make any thirg lihe a
party con est on a sublet into which it ought not
to enter.
Mr NORVELL said, m explanation i f his own
course on this bill, that about five hundred citizens
of this District, many of whom did not pesstss &e
right of suffrage, h«d pett.oned Confess foi the
enactment oi a new charter, which re'itior>s
were retered tu the Commit!  e on the D ctr ci,
but as several months had elapsed witboi''
those memorials being acfd upon, a commit
tee of citizens waited upon hm, and requested
that he would rresent another manorial, and
move its reference to a select cummittee, a id
in pmsuance of that and íepea'ed requests
subsequently, be h?<t made the proposi i< n which
he submitted at th last sts ion, and not because
he desired to take upon h m>e!t ¡he Ubor of
such a committee, and if eAantn >i¿ ¡he subject
so iully as would he netessary to e¡ able mm to
prepare and perfect the measure; coi he hod
enough to do on tv* o o'nei important rommi'ttes, oi
which he was a memb r He n ptat d,, e jutl
in pursuance ct the dtsire ot those «horn the com-
mittee was appo ¡.ltd to lepreicnt, nit1-! of w o«
were dives ed ot the light oi sunVaa;!, ani mdo-
mg so, had he d< ne any thitiá; but jugate to tho e
cn.zens? He was als de«iii.tf,tos'y tiuu «ao
unwilling to allow th- <Uem<nt to nrnun ui>
Contradicted, thai he was,, or tvti had ban,
hostile to the mtuc ts J <a -, «.' - of cniz is ot 1 e
city of WashingUm or ef he S nt1; m far ft\m
bcnghosti e to t«-e D-ifict, I e had taken hs s«at
but tora vtry few d„ys, ihe fn •  es ion fie s. t
there, before he expiessed h-< dtsire to give this 
prople a R^piesentativt, 01 a De egatr, siniiltr to
the Termor es, < n the avowed principle that it was
ncces-ary to induce the two Houses to pay pioper
attention io 'heir mt rests Arid at the same u ne,
he seconded, to the extent of his ability, resolutions
respecting the peculiar interests of the South,
and going the ful' length wi h the Southern
gentlemen, in regard to the disrosii on which they
had thought p oper to make ol th' appl.cations to
the Seriate io mtufue with llrse mte¡p<t«
Having been part cuiariy acquainted kr thirty
years with a laige poiuJn of the people
of this District, te h*d not supp sed th«
now he should oe charged with no<-'ilny to their u>-
tcre ts But what was, lua fact? Why, sir, in a for-
mal and pbly i rutón ceiimoa cation, whcft had
been sent to the ptop e oí ti e United Sates,
in the b- pe 'i an ¿potai from the reop e
of this Dsieet, an a'taclc hdd been made m
the se ect committee, of tvhich he had the honor
to be the chairman. In this d icum-ni, it was al-
leged that this subj««ct was n it in ro 'tic d into tre
Senate unti! alter t^e imiictral eltc'ion >n June
la.'t, and it was m conscqutr ce of tae result of that
election that it bad bun in reduced. Now, was that
the fact? Was it Dot introduced early m the ses-
sion, and bad it not been before the committee four
momhs previous to the municipal elec wr ? Again,
it  wat sieged  that the owissjonj were intentional
emissions, and that the «eh ct committee and the
majority tf that b dy had amr-d a vital blow ot
the most serious and essential mttrests of this part
of the country Under these cire" instances ¡t
was that 1 e felt it to be his peeult <r duty to propose
the recommittal of this bill to me select com nu-
tee Senators over the way s emed to think that
only one description of ct izem, in. this city posse s-
ed any rghts Admitting the ciass opposed to the
extension of the elective franchise to be here the
majority, had the mmouty no rights? Were they
to be treated as slaves to have no voice m the af-
fairs ef the city, and tneir complain s to te disre-
garded?   He hoped not
Mi CLAY ot Alabama hoped his friend from
Michigan would now v. ithe'raw his motion of re-
feterce to a select commi'tee
Mr. NORVELL consented, ard then the bill was
referred to the standing Committee on the Di tnct
of Columbia
Mr NORVELL presented the mera irial ot ci'i-
zens of Georgetown, ask.ng for an amendment oí
their charter so as te extend the elective franchise.
Mr. MERRICK, m pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtain'd leave to introduce a bill
au'honz ng the granting letters Wamentary and
of administration to aliens in the District o' Co-
iambia, which was read tw ce, and referred to the
Committee on the Diotnctof Columbia
Mr HUBBARD, from the Committee oa Claims,
wh ch memorials on the subject haá been lefcrred,
reported
A bill for the relief of Philip Weademan, and
A bill for the r 1 ef of W, \fi Lcomts and Atel
Gay,
whtcT were respectively icad, and orjtrtj to a
second rear ing
Mr. L'NN, from the Com > i on Private
Lind Claims, to whicn were refei ed
A bill to continue in force the 'Act for 'be final
adjustment of private land c'aims in Missouri,"
approved July 19, 1832, an 1 the act supplemental
thereto, approved March 2, WS,
A bill to author zj the issue of a patent to the
hi (•> or leg„l repre6ent.tti.es oí Francis RivaiJ,
deceased,
A bill lot the iel ef of Gien ire Saipy, ot his le-
gal repi ementan ve ,
A bill for th" reí ef ot ti e he rs of Miguel
Eslava;
A b II for the ri 1 ef of Sebastian B jtehcr,
A bill ft r ihe rel ef of Thorn i- V CcfH ,
A bill for the reliff ot J seph ^o¡¡y,
A hill confirming the claim u' the he r^ Í Jo
ephThonp on, sr deceased, to a certa ' trac or
larJ i i M ssopi ,
A b 1 f< r the relief of the rep>e .n'ativts of
Pene BuahomuK,
A bl1 ior the relief of Ju bu.  Kennec,,,. s.
s ign'e oi Cornelius MoCurtin,  ' d
A bi'l to confirm to George Tucker, his. 1 e rs t r
a signees, a certain tract of land in Alabaros,
íepor'ed thecame without amendment, and with a
recommendation that they do pass.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which had been referred a bill to
author ze the Lesislature of the S'at  of Ar-
kansas to «ell the lands heretofore appiopnated for
the use of «c^ools in tl at Sate, reo-^'ej he sanie
wi hout amendmf n', &, j in favor o( its passage
Mr F in pursuance oi pieviouj notice, asked
?nd obta red leave to mtioduce a bi'i for íne re-
leí of Henry Wilson, which was re«d twice, and
reierted to the Coirruutee on Public Lands.
Mr PlERCü, m pursuance of previous notic ,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill ti
equalize the pay of the aimyatd for other purpo
s <; which was read twice, and referred to the
CommiUeoon Military Affairs.
Mr PRE^TI&S, 'n pursuance of rrevious no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill in
addition to the ac to pioaiote the progress effhe
ireful «is, which was read twice, and rs fired to
tne Commutes on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr LINN gave nonce ¡bat to morrow he would
ask leave to mireduce a bill for ihe relief of Adam
S'ewart.
Mr ANDERSON gave so'ice (hat to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for
the allowance of invalid pensions io certain Chero-
kee warriors und-r the 14th article of the treaty of
M-. NORVELL, from the Cotarrittee en Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred a bill for the re-
lefof Francis Laventure, Ebenezer C"i'ds, and
Linns Thompson, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. KING gave notice that to morrow he would
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of the le-
gal representatives of Aaron Vail, deceased, late
consul at L'Onent.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were then taken up
on their third reading, read a third time, and
passet1:
The bill atnenddtery of the act abolishing impri-
sonment for debt.
The bill for the relief of George W. Paschall.
The b 11 to rel írquish to the State of Alabama
the two per cent fund reserved by the act for her
admission into the Union, to be applied to the mak-
ing of a road or roads leading to said State.
The bul to establish an additional land district m
the S ate ot Alabama.
The bill for the relief of William Jones.'
Tae bill for the relief of certain tettleis on the
he lands, who were deprived of the benefits of the
act granting pre-emption rights-, which was approved
on the 19 h of Jane, 1834.
The bill to grant other lands to the inhabitants of
townsh ps deprived oí the 16th section by Indian
reservations.
The bill to relinquish the reversionary interest of
¡he Uni'ed States to a certain reservation in the
State of Alabama.
Tne bill in relation to donations of land io certain
persons n the State of Arkansas
The bill to quiet the ti les of certain land claimants
in the States i f Mm-uh and Arkansas, and for
other purpose.
The bill to settle the title to certa.n tracts of land
in the S ate oí Aikamas
The bill to authorize the nhabuants of township
ei^ht no'ih, range thirty-two we,t, m the State of
Arkansas, to en er a section oi laud in lieu of the
sixteenth s<-cticn in said township, upon condition
that the same be surrendered to the United States
fcr Kiihiáiy purposes.
The bill authorizing the inhabitants of fractional
township ten south, of rarge one east, in the State
of A kansa , to erner one ha f sa„uon ef land for
sen ol pt.rpo e?
Th  b.'i for the it'ief of Jamp= Smitn*of Ar
kvnsa-.
Ta,. b " lor'icielief of eun^ry citizens of Arkan-
sas, wh > '^J inpir i -ovemeois in consequence of
,i .rea'y ¡.enveta tae united States ard the Choctaw
Indians
Mr. PORTER subni'tted he fo'lowirg resolu-
tion, wh en was considered and agreed to.
Resolved, That the President of ¡he Umled States
be request d to transmit to the Sena e any informa-
tion in his pr«session ul?tive to the survey directed
b  the act of the 13th of June, 1638, entitled "An
att to ascertain and designate the boundary line
between'he State of Michigan and Territory of
W' jtortsan."
Mr RUGGLES subm tted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Ileselved, lhat the Committee on Commerce be
ms'ructed to mqu re into the expediency of mter-
d'etmg by law tae allowance of salvage to the offi-
cers and crews of revenue cutters and of pubac
armed vessels employed by the Government in af-
ter tmg relief to merchant vessels during the incle-
ment seasons or at other times.
The resolution submitted yeslerdaj by Mr. Nor-
vell, m re alien to the removal of the chandelier,
iv, s .o.<en up, and after some remain from Mr.
N. and Mr TAPPAN, was laid on the table.
And 'he Senate adjourned
BOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
TrjEsruy, Dec  22,1840.
Ihe SPEAKER laid befi re the House the fol-
lowing communications, viz:
1 Fiom the Secretary of the Navy, in answer to
a re oiuiion of the House of the 11th of May last,
