CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            47
communicating a statement of the officers of the
navy on leave or furlough, including passed mid-
shipmen; showing the cause of their absence, the
time of its expiration, &c.
Oa motion of Mr. BRIGGS, laid up.n the tab'.e,
and ordered to be printed.
2.  From the Secretary of War, transmitting a
report of the CommtSitorier of Pensions, containing
information relative to pensioner^ applying for a
pension, or an increase of pen-i-m, required to be
laid annually before Congress by the act of May
29, 1830.
On mo.ioo of Mr. FILLMORE, laid upon the
table, and irdered to be printed.
3.  From the Clerk of ths House, as follows:
Hon. R. M. T. Hunteu,
Speaker of the House of Uepnsentali-es U. S.:
Sm: In obedience to the further order of the
House, pa=sed December ál, 1840, "that said re-
port be recommitted to the Clerk, with instructions
further to report by what authority, (n «hat vouch-
ers, and through whom, he patd to C. Buikley the
sum of §500; to Bayse Newcomb the sum of $416;
and to George Lowrey the mm of §104, for s.i-
vices rendered by them in taking depositions in the
case of the contested e'ect'on between Messrs. In-
gersell and Naylor, as reported in Document No 7;
by what authority, and oa what vouchtrs, he sent
to Mr. Naylor money to pay his wunesi.es in the
said contest, and which thai gentleman si)s he re-
turned; whether the said vouchers g^ve the names
and time of attendance of the said wi'nesses, in
whose handwriting it was filed, and what has be-
come of the same," Í beg Wave to report that the
account presented by C. Buikley for services as
clerk, &c. amounted to §869 50. Ou t',e face of
this account was an order, signed by the Chairman
of Accounts, to pay §500 to said Buikley. The
account presented by Bayse Ne.wcornb for ser-
vices as commissioner, &a. amounted to $520.
By a similar order written on the face of ¡he
paper, I was directed to pay $416.
The account of George Lowrey, a? door-keepr*,
amounting to $104—not beirg reduced by the com-
mittee—was dnected to be paid by a verbal order.
In like manner the sum allowed for payment of
witnesses in behalf cf Mr. Naylor, anicuaai.g to
$780, was also directed to be paid by a verbal
order, which is the usual mode practised by the
committees when accounts are clear and uudispu-
ted.
The vouchers give the names and times of a1-
tendance of the witnesses; but bavin  no acquaint-
anee with the handwriting m which th -y are drawn,
1 herewith communicate the original papers (Nos.
366 and 356) for the use of thí House.
Ths various sum.A above mentioned, teg?t,,rr
with one other of §104, for Peter Lewis, were ea-
closed in separate drafts to the Hon. Criarles Nay-
lor, Philadelphia, to be p 'id out to the respective
claimant*, as will appear from the letter of the ac-
counting clerk, herewi h communicated and mark-
ed A.
In Mr. Naylor's answer to this letter, he returned
§780 7G, the sum allowed for witnesses, and also
the draft for $104 in favor of Peter Lewis, Mat ng
that he did not feci authorized to receive and pay
out the same, as will more fully appear from hi4
letter, a copy of which is herewith communicated,
and marked B.
The sum of §11 50, returned by Mr. Ingersoll,
as stated in my iormer repoit,and $8?4 76, return-
ed by Mr. Naylor, have been credited to th; con-
tingent fund of this House.
All of which is respectfully surmised.
HUGH A. GARLAND,
Clerk Hou;e of Reps U.S.
Mr. FLOYD moved a refeienee of the report to
the Committee on Accounts.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut objected to any sucb
refeienee, and mpved a reference to the Committee
on Public Expenditures.
After some brief remarks from Mr. FLOYD m
defence of his motion, the question of reference to
the Committee on Accounts being first in order,
was put, and decided in the affirmative.
Petitions were then presented by-
Mr. CROSS, of Arkansas.
Messrs- CRABB and DELLET, of Alabama.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, of Kentucky.
Mr. DEBERRY, of North Carolina.
Mr. RIVES, of Virginia.
Mr. D3NNIS, of Maryland.
Mes-rs. BREWSTER, HOFFMAN, CURTIS,
VANDERPOEL, LEONARD, GRINNELL.and
WAGNER, oí New York.
[Mr. Wagnítr presented the petition of Daniel
Cady, and two hundred and fifty-two others, inhabi-
tants of Fulton county, New York, praying for a
law to establish a unifoim system of bankruptcy ]
Mr REED, of Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER then announced reports from
committies to be in order.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of the owners
of bounty land v< arrants granted for military servi-
ces ¡n the army oí the United S ates in the late war
i   between the United States and Great Britain; which
[    was  committed   to the Committee of the Whole,
|   and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting a li^ht of pre-emption to cer-
tain lots in Ike town of Perrysburg, in the State of
Ohio; winch was committed to the Committee of
the Who'e, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. W. C JOHNSON, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported a bill to revive
and continue the corporate existence of the banks
in the District of Columbia; which was referred to
the Committee of the , Whole, and ordered to be
primed.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary CUims, made an adverse report on the pe-
tition of V'ncent Vara, praying for bounty lands.
Mr.TAL'AFERRO, from the same committee,
reported a bill to author .ze the payment of seven
years' half nay, due on account of thí díatb cf Lieut.
Jouaihan D,'i', an officer in the Virginia continen-
tal line, and who ivas killed in the battle of Brari-
dywine; wrish was referred to the. Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FR VNCIS THOMAS, from the Committee
on Naval Ailaiis, reported a bid entitled "An act
concerning navy pensions ani half pay;" which
was referred t > the Committee of tho Whole, and
1   ordered to be printed.
j Mr. TALIAFERRO, from ths Commi'tee on
Revolutionary Pension1!, reported a bill t'ci the re-
lief of James Deatley; which was referted to the
Commute-* of the Whole, and ordered to be pputtd.
|       Mr. ANDREWS, from the same committee, re-
' ported a bi¡¿ for the relief of Daniel Starry; «■hich
was roaimitted to the  Committee of the Who'e,
!    and oulered to be printed.
I Mr. HAND, from the ssme committee, mTide an
««favorable report on the petition of John G-igsby
j    for a f ension.
;       On motion of STANLY,
j       Resoljtd, That the report made by the Committee
I    on Expenditures on the Public  Buildings, relating
I    to the branch mint at Charlotte, North  Carolina,
j    be printed.
Mr. RIVES of Virginia moved that the report of
ih? Committee of E'ections, on the subject of the
contested election case of Messrs. Naylor and In-
gersoll, made at the last sessi n, be now
aketi up. It was not his intention to en-
er    into    a   debate    on    the   subject    at    that
l    ime,  but his object m calling it up w&<¡ that the
|    House might fix upon some time when it would he
I   convenient to ko into the merits of the case.
|       Mr. CRABB objected.
¡ Mr. RIVES slid, the motion bfirig a privileged
one, he had a right 10 make it.   He was, however,
I   surprised at the objection of the gentleman from
Alabama, intsmitch as he had stated most d'siinc'Jy
that he had no intent:oa of debiting the subject at
thai time.
M'. FILLMORE hoped that «hen the subject
i was taken up, it would not be done until it was
convenient fur the parties interested to address the
House on the subject He did not know when it
would be convenient for them to attend. Moreo-
ver, th.j sitting member was not in his teat.
Mr. RIVES s=aid he had seen the sitting member
that morning previous [to his making the motion,
and he presumed there would he no difficulty, so
far as that member was concerned, as to fixing a
time.
Mr. RIVES obsjrved that the sitting number
was now in his feat, so that the objection of the
gentleman from New York no longer existed. The
day for an examination of the case could there-
fore he now fixed, and if agreeable, he would pro-
pose that it would be the order of the day for to-
morrow. But if that would n.t suit the sitting
member, he hoped the gentleman would say what
day would be convenient.
Mr. NAYLOR had no objection to any course
the House might think proper to take on the sub-
ject. He was. willing to leave the matter in the
hands of the House.
Af'er seme further remarks from Mr. FILL-
MORE in favor of a pos'ponement of the subject
until after 'he holidays,
Mr. RIVES mo'iified his motion so as to make
the report the order of the day for the first Tues-
day in January.
The motkn. as modified, was then agreed to.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Resolutions then being in order,
The SPEAKER stated that the following reso-
lution offered by Mr. Hariden, oa Thursday last,
would come tip fits':
Besoloed, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of set-
ting apart three hutdied thousand dollars per an-
num of the proceeds of the public lands for the
continuation of ihe Cumberland Road in Ohio to its
western termination, to be constructed in a continu-
ous line from East to Wcs', and of distributing the
residue of the faid picceis among the several
Slates upon the principle of what is called Mr.
Clay's land bill, taking ¡he census of 1840asthe
basi'' o.' the distribution.
The q.jcjtoii pending was th: motion of Mr.
HuBBAitD to ¡ay the resolution oa the ¡ab'e, and on
which the i eas and navs had been ordered.
'i he yeas and n.«,}s weie thin taken, and result-
ed as follows:
YEAS—Mes-trs    Alford.  Anderson, Atherton,
Bank*:, Beattv, B.'irne, Blackv.ell, Burke, Sampson
H. Butler, Wil mm O. Butler, Wm. B  Campbell,
Carroll. Clifford, Cole--,  Connor, M   A. Cooper,
Wm.  R. Coper, Crabb,  Craig, Crary,  Davee,
Edward Davies, John  Davis,  Dawson, Deberry,
D.ckersen,   Dellei,   Doan,  Doig,  Duncan, Earl,
E'.st'iiin  Ey, Fine, Fr-her, FietehT, Floyd, Gal-
biaith,  Girland, Geirv, Gosgiti, Griffin, Haber-
<   sham, Hand,  Hawe-.-, Has kms Hill of Virginia,
!    Hill of North Carolina, Hilen, Hopkins, Jackson,
¡   James.m,  Joseph  Johnson,   Cave  Johnson, Na-
l    tlinmti   jorn's,  Joba W. Jones Ke¡m, Kemble,
!   Kille, L'-wis, Low  11,  McCarty, McClelSan, Mc-
¡   dure, ¡VlcCulloch, McKay, Maliory, Marchand,
|   Medill,   Miller, Montan)a, Samuel  W. Morris,
Nevvh.ird,   Nisbct, Parmenter,  Paynter,  Pickens,
J   Picsiio-s, R-i/ner,  Rms/Edward Rigers, Ryall,
!   Shaw, Sbepard, John Smith, Starkweather, Strong,
■■   Sumter, Sweney, Taliaferro, T.iylor, F. Tnomas,
!   Watliiy   Toomp'ioa,   Jacob Tnompsou, Turney,
'■■   VanJeipoel, Vroom, David D. Wagener, Warren,
I   Watttftou, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams,
1   Lewi* Williams, Joseph  L.  Williams, and Wise
¡    —105.
|       NAYS—Messrs.   Adam ,  Andie.ws,    Barnard,
i j  Boareman,   Bond,   Botts,   Breckenridge,   Briggs,
ji Brcekway, Calhoun, Carr,  Ca>ter, Ca-ey, Clark,
j   Cranston, Crockett, Curtu.  Curbing, Dana, John
W. Davis, Garret  Davi«,  Dennis Doe,  Everett,
Fillmore, Gentry, Giddirg.sGoode, Granger, Green,
;   Hammond, William S   Has,t,n?s, John Hastings,
!    Ilinry, Hunt, J,mes, Chsrles Johnston,   William
j   Cost Johnson, Kernpshai:, Lane, Leonard, Lincoln,
;    M-H-vin, Mason, Mitchell, Monroe, Mode, Mor-
j    gan, C.dvary IVio-ns, Morrow, Naylor,  Ogle, O..-
;    t.oine, Paien, Parr sn, PeeK, Pope, Eroffit, Randall,
i   Randen,  Reed, R- yno cis,   Ridgwav, Saltonstall,
i   Simonton, SUde, Truman S Mth, Tnomas Smith,
!   S:anly, Stuart, Swesringfn, TJlmzhasr,  Triplet ,
|   Tiumbull, Peter J. Wagner, John White, Wick,
!   T. W. Williams, and Wmthrop—81.
So the rf solution was laid v.u the table.
Mr. I'KOFFil asked leave t  submit the follow^
ing r'solution:
tiaolvtd, That ths Cranmitiea of Ways  and
