48
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of reporting a bill providing for the expenditure o!
#150 000 in each of trie Stales of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, during the year 1841, on the Cumber-
land road.
Mr. P. tlrn, m a very animated mannei, fore-
told the direful consequences* which he had allegsd
would ensue, in case the House should not make
the appropriation. He declared that the eight
Slates of the Northwestern Territory would unite,
and m their indignation would make their way into
the ball to obtain their rights, by fores. He could
not conceive why the people of that pait oí the
Union should be treated to. The South got appro-
priations for its Dismal Swamps and every thing
else; so aUo did the North; but as for h'b people,
and ihose of the other northwestern S'ates, they
could obtain nothing. Why, said he, are the peo-
ple of the West to be thus trampled upon? Mr P
also di'cotir-ed on the grievances oí the Western
people arising from o'Iipi caus s He then touched
upon nullification, the tanif question, etc and CO! -
eluded by giving the House a solemn warning, that
m case the resolution should be íejeetcd, the people
of the Northwest would n>e in their might,
when their indignation would be an all consuming
blaze, without a panicle ®f smoke, which should
destroy all that was not nphi.
Mr WM. COST JOHNSON, in the course of
some very humorous remarks in reply to the mem-
ber frem Indiana, suggested to him that the true
and only reason why the Cumberland road had not
been completed, was that it had been begun at the
wrong end. The right end was in Maiyland, be-
tween Rockville and Frcdencktown; and until trie
load should be commenced m that quarter, the gen-
tleman, with all the people of the West at his heel ,
would never be able to obtain an apt>ropiHtion
Mr. J. concluded by asking the gentleman to ac-
cept a mod fission ot the resolution, appropriating
|80,000 foi ihdl portion of the Cumberland ro„d
in the State ol Maryland betwetn Roekvi'lc and
the Monocp.cy.
Mr. PKOFFIT, alter a brief rejoinder, aecep ed
the modification.
Mr. HUEBARD was aluid the gunleman {rom
Indiana wa  going the wrong way to work in ordu
to obtain money íor ¡i s & au Mr U said teat so
far as hi1- own ui-tnct was concerned, he was sure
that nothing could he ob'amed by threats. 11 the
gentleman and his people wanted money, let thcra
open a trade with th  Souihwe t, when, if they
made fair bargains, thui would te no objec'n n to
taking then poik and \h «key it r pro luce. Tust,
in his, opinion, would be a iai mi re ellcctualmode
than bunging on a great army to t itei the hall loj
the ptaiposc oi obt'imng what they wanted by
force. He would repeat, M the geiidem,>n'¿ cou-
stiiumts open a trade, tind, so lai a- hit, district
was concerned, he wau sure they would be icady to
swap with them
The question being on the ic olution as moi'fied,
Mi HUBBAKD u.oecd to lay it on the tab'', on
which motion the )ia, and nay« v ore demanded
and ordered-
Mr IlUeiBIRD then withdiew hts motion.
Mr WISL renewed it.
Mr. PROFFiT demmded the 3eas and naj ,
which werej'ordtled, and being uken, w^re as iol-
iows:
YEAS—Messis. Alfoid, Judson Allen, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Blackwell, Bolts, Bojd,
Adton V. Blown, Allen G. Biown, Burke, Samp-
son H. Butler, Wi'lwm O But'er, Wdlia'a B
Campbell, Onoll, Caller, Chflord, Coles, Connor,
Mark A. Coopti, William R Cooper, Crabb,
Craig, Davies, John Davis, DiW5,on,Debeny, D3I-
let, Doig, Earl, Eastman, Fine, Fisher, Floyd,
Gailand, G;rry, Goggin, Grillm, Habersham,
Hawe , Hawiiins, Hill of Vng.nia, Hill of Nonh
Carolina, Hopki.is, Hubbard, J^ck-on, Jo'cph
Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones John W.
Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kille, Lewis, Lowell,
McCarty, MeClellan, McC ure, McCulloth, Mc-
Kay, M.-rchand, Mille-, Moutanya, Samuel W.
Morris, Nisbet, Pat-men ter, Parns P.ckens, Pren-
tiss Rayner, Rives, Edward Rodders, Ky«H, Shaw,
Sbepard, John San,h, Sianty, Stronf, bum er, Ta-
hiferro,  Waddy Thompson,   Jacob  Thompson,
Turney, Vanderpocl, Vroom^ David D Wegener,
Watien, Wattereon, Jared W. Williams, Henry
Wtlhams, Lewis Wibiams, Josajh L. Williams
and Wi<e— 94.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams John W. Allen, An-
drews, Baker, Barnard, Bjardman, B nd, Brew-
ster, Bnggs, Brockway, Calnou-, Carr, Casey,
Chittenden, Clark, Cranston, Crockett, Cress,
Curtis, Oushing, Dana, John W. Davis, Garret
Davis, Dennis, Doan, Dje, Duncin, Edwards,
Everett, Fillmore, Galbraith, Gentry, Giddmgs,
Goode, Granger, Green, Hammond, William S
Hastings, John Hastings, Henry, Hook, Hun1,
Jdm.es, Jamen n, Jenifet, Charles Johnston, Wii
ham Cost Johnson, IOmpshall, Lsne, Lincoln,
Marvin, Mason, Medill, Mitciell, Morace, M>r-
gan, Calvary Morris, Morrow, Nayloi, Newhard,
O^le, Osborne, Palen, Parnsh, Paynter,Peck,Pope,
Proffit, Randall, Randen, Reynolds, Ridgway,
Russell, Sal onslall, Simonto >, Truman Smith,
Thomas. Smith, Stuart, Sweantige 1, Sweney, Tay-
lor, John B Thompson, Ti lingha^t, Toland, Tnp-
leit, Trumbull, Peter J. Wagner, Weller, John.
Win e, Wick, Thomas W Williams, and Win-
throp—92
So the resolution was la d on the table.
The resolution offered on the 17th instant by
Mr. Christopher Morgan, calling upon the Post
Master Genaal to furnish a statement of the
amount expended by the Department for the
scrv cs of special agents, w?s latan up and pgretd
to.
The re oitition oC Mr Boris, calling foi mfor-
mauon m relation to Treasury notea and drafts,
was also Ukcn up and agreed to.
Tne resolution ot Mr. DAW eN, calling for infor-
mation relative to the loss ol ho. e . in the Florida
war, was next taken up, and with a molificition
bv Mr. J. W. Davis, so as to include the B ack
Hawk war, agreed to.
Mr. BARNARD then called up fjc re>olUun
offered by him, requiri'g information ¡elative to
the aggregate revenue accrumt; from customs
land &c &c , and the question bew£ 011 ,hc adop-
tion ot the iame,
Mr. BARNARD, with a view of add/es ¡ng the
Hou°e upon it on to-monow, moved an adjourn-
intnt, whith was cairied.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, December 23, 1810.
Mr. LI.NN presented th  petition oí Nathan
Rariiie), which was leterrtd to tiie Commutte 01
Co , mere.
Mr BENTON pre cnted the pe ilion e>f John
Ward and otrcí ; which was nleircd to II e C01,-
mitteo on Finance.
Mr. HUBBARD pie ented tie  petition  ef Di
Samuel White, which ws> rtfened to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mi ROANE presented the petititn of Sarah
Btiizaid, which was referred to the Committee en
Reolutionary C aims
Mr HUBBARD, fiom the Committee on Claim .,
to which memorials on the üubje'cl had been retcr-
red, reported the following bills-
A bill for the rebcf of DaDiel Stecn'or1;
A bill for the relief oí Jame* ft I Morgan;
A bill for the relief ot Francis Geho 1;
A b 11 f r the relief ol James II Relfe.
These billa were severally rpad, and ordered to a
see nd reading.
Mi. H. (rom the sarr,"1 committee, to which was
referred the m-monal of the administrator of
George Simpson, asked to be dischatgf-d from i's
further consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Finance; which was agreed 10
Mr. BENTON gave notice that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bdl to lay a tax on
bank notes and other p'p^r intended for eircula-
t on m the District of Columbia.
Mr. ANDERSON, 111 pursuance oí prevous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
provide for the aliowans-e of invalid pjnsions to
certain Chero.tee warriors under the 14>h article of
the treaty of 1835, which w?s read twics and re-
ferred to ihe Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ROANE, m pursuance ot previous notice,
a'-ked and obtained leave to niireduce a bill to au-
thorize the payment ol equitable commi'sions to
the agents or attorneys of pel sons in whose favor
awards have been made under three several treaties
between the United S'ates and certain foreign pow-
er-, which awards have been retained in the Trea-
sury m payment of debts due to the United S'ates;
w hich was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. LINN, m pursuance cf previous notice,
asked and ob'atned leave to introduce a bill for the
reli f ot the legal representatives of Nathaniel
Pryor, deceased, which was referred to the Com-
mitiee on Indian Affairs
Oi motioi by Mr. CLAY of Alabama, the peti-
tion and papers of George Whitman, now on file,
wereref mil to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the bid for the relief
oí Jubal ¡3. Hancock, reported the same with an
amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and ob'ained leave to introduce a
joint resolution for the relief of the sufferers at
Natchez by the tornado of May 7, 1840; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. PREXTISS, from the Committee on Pa-
tents, to which was referred the bill in addition to
the act tn promote the progres? of the usefal arts,
reported the ?am2 without amendment.
Mr. STURGEON, from the Commdtee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which «vas referred a memo,
nal on the subj'ct, reported a bill for the relief of
Cnarles M. Keller and Henry Stone; which was
¡ead, and oidered to a second reading.
Mr ANDERSON, in pursuance of previous no-
1 tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
provide lor the aliowanse of invalid pennens to
< trta'i Cherol ee warr ors under the 14th article of
the treaty oí 1835, which was read twice, and te-
lerred to the Committee on Pensions
Mr. KING, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
rtl ef of tha legal representatives of Aaron Vail,
deceased, late consul at L'Onenl; which was read
tw.ee, and, wuh an accompanying document, rc-
leired to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CL4.Y of Alabama gave notice that to-
morrow he would ask leave to introduce
A bill to amend an act entitled "An act to grant
cer'ain relinquished and unappropriated lands to
the State of Alabama, fer the purpose of improv-
i'ii5 the navi/ation oí 1 ¡e Tennessee, Coosa, Ca-
hxwba and B =ck Warrior nvers," approved May
23, 1838, and the te.eral acts supplementary and
ameudatcry the'e 0.
A bul making additional appropriation for com-
pleting the mifiovem. n.s in Mobile harbor; and
A bill providing ior the payment of certain
chims of the Sit'e of Alabama.
Mr. NICHOLAS give notice that to morrow he
would ask 1< ave to miroduce a bill to authorize the
Legislature of Louisiana to sell the lands hereto-
fore appropriated for the use of schools within that
State.
On mouon by Mr. MESRtCK, the petitions of
Jacob Graham and J.jhn Pu'chett, now on file,
weie refene 1 to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and the petition of Caspar Weaver was referred
to ihe Committee on t'-e Di tnct of Culumb.a.
Mr LUMPKIN gave notice that to-morrow he
wou'd a<-k leave to inuonuce a bill for the relief of
J M Stradfr
Mr WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary ot Stste be directed
to commuii'Cd'e to the Senate the returns of the
census of this year, so far as received into his office,
giving only the aggregate of the population m each
State or Termor',, designating the number of
whites, of free persons of coloi, and all other per-
sirs, in three «epara'e columns, and slating how
far the retuins are incomplete in any State or Ter-
mor/.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
A bill for (he relief of sundry citizens of Arkan-
sa , who lost their improvements in consequence
i of a treaty between the United States and th.3
