CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
strong case, and one that appealed to their sympa-
thies 10 depart from the fixed rule of Congress, but
if they depaited from that rule mone case, where
were they to stop? He had before felt compelled
to oppose it, and should do so again, from a senss
of what he conceivedts be right.
Mr. CALHOUN said the statements made this
day respecting the naval pensions, afforded them a
striking lesson how they created new precedents.
Plunder, and not pens on, was the proper word to
apply to many of the sums claimed as navy pen-
sions; and in this class, if they once vent beyond
the rigid rule of justice, they would open ihe way to
a similar squandering of the public money He
was of opinion that the last man that fell in trie Re-
volution was equally meritorious with ihe first; and
be regretted that tbo committee had biought for-
ward this proposition, while he awa<ved to them
the praise to which th? faithful discharge of their
duties had entitled ihem. He hoped that the
Senate would not yield to their feelings of hu
mamty, but adhere to a strict rule of justice; and
hai he might have an opportunity to record his
vote, he called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PIERCE sai', as this bill had b-cn fully
debated at the last session, and passed by i large ma-
jority on ayes and noes, he had hoped it tvould
have not been deemed necessary t > hive
called for them now. The force of the leiiiarko'ihe
Senator /rom Souih Carolina, [Mr Calhodn,]
that ihey ought to adhere in a line of rigid ju>tice,
he did not comprehend. What had Coiigi ss done
from time to time? Why, tiny had exte ided the
pension law, ai would be well remembered, to ir-
cluje the widows of such Revolutionary eoldiers as
were married prior to tne expiraron of thurlast
term of sei vice. In 1833 it was extended to ihe
widows 01 such soldier  as married prior to 1794,
and now it  a> known almost to every one m that
chamber/that it included the cases of ihe widows of
soldiers who had seen no service, if th^'r names
had been enrolled for six month* In h s judgment,
if the rule of rigid juste; bad been adhered to,
pensions would have b°en gi fen to ihe widows of
all those who fell upon the field of battb during the
Revolution, raiher than to those win entered the
army near the close of the war, ard who had ni t
seen more lhan su months' service, and
who, consequently, hid not Leen acquainted
with the sufferings and the deprivations of
those who participated m the conflict from the
beginning. Who could bay that rieid ju tice would
not afford relief to th.s poor widow s iciei than lo
tao^e to whom it was granted under the l?w of
18J6 and 1839? She was in indigent circum-
stances: the case w.ts a s'iong one, And appeaVd
to their ju^t e<>, to tatir feeling1) oi humanity, and
he hoped the cma 1 turn rropo-,td to be given to
h°r by the bill ho ild not b¿ withheld
Mr. CALHOUN said he considere i the pension
list no injre than a great sy tern of charily, and h¿
maintained tii.it the i> i sion to men iur six mouths'
service w„a an imposition, and to assume the r?mc
<f pension was a dauj on the pubHc. it wim
under the name of chanty, but i's true name was
plunder.
Mr. CRITTENDEN .aid he had leenlabirmg
under the impression that this bill had pawed
through both Houses of Congress a* ths Us1 ses-
sion, but he found he was mistaken. It wfs vain
to tell him that ihi« ca   was the same as every
other ease—it was va n to tell hum tbv (his could
be tortmed into a preceden which could be abused.
It was a case thatslcodby itself—it was differ-
ent morally, socially, and m every other po nt, as
this was an appl'ca'nn in favor of the widow of
the first man that fell in ihe Re 'olui'on, when
there was r.o re^alar'y organized Government.
That man, stirred b> his own patnoti in, without a
country, he might almost say, w^nt fon. aid to
make and create, and then to defend that country.
Should he then be told that this case would not
be distinguished both in the hearts and reasons of
men, from the case of others under an organized
Government Sucha suterr.ent would ro, reach
his understanding, nor his feel.ngs. He hoped this
bill would be passed, and that ihu Latum would
not longer remain under the reproach of refusing
a piece of bread to maintain this poor widow of a
Revolutionary officer, who received hu dea'h wound
under such circumstances. He, too, would call
foi the ayes and noes, lhat he might record his
vote; and if there were abuses, let those that com-
mit them take the responsibility.
Mr. CALHOUN said this happened to be the
first case, and the Senator had said it was distin-
guished from the last. JNow it would be recol-
lected that the last case—the man killed by ihe last
gun that was fired in the war of independency was
the gallant Col. John Lauiens, v,ho was then
acting as a volunteer, and who had rendered im-
poitant diplomatic services to his country while in
Europe; and he believed his family was no  in a
helpless condition. Now he a«ked if ihe case of
the last man was noi as strong as the ease of the
first? Was not tne case of the man who went gal-
lantly through from the beginning to the end of the
contest, and who bore the brunt of the battle, as
good as that of the man who fed at the onset1!
And if they were to go over the cases between those
extremes, they would find a ttiou=ard instances not
much less strong, and all, it would be admitted,
making a strong appeal to their feihngs. But the Se-
nator said this <-ould not be drawn into a precedent.
Did he forget the naval pens-ions, of which they
had this day heard1 If this bill were pas ed, at a
future day others would come m, and this case
would be appealed to, to show that at such a time,
and bj such a vote, the Sena'e had given a pension
to the widow of au officer who fell in tne Revolu-
tion, and Congreis would naturally give to all who
fell under similar circumstances He w?s glad
the &y es and coea had b m called, for he wished to
record his vote, ih. puohc had been plundered
long enough, and he hopU the «system wou'd be
brougtit toateimination.
Mr. WEBSTER said, as there were some Se-
nators present who were not here last year, he
would reía e th> cueurrstances of this ca*e, but he
should neither adorn nor illustrate it. All leaders
of our histor/ Ifovv that on the evening of the 18th
of April, 1775, the British army left Boston to pro-
ceed to Concord,where the colonial stores were col-
lected, to seize tho e stores. That was the com-
mencement of the war. On the morning of the
19i^, this intelligence had been communicated to
aoonsideable d stance by the use of tenches, tar
barrels, and olher signals, and before noon of the
19 h Apn!, Isaac Davis, an interesting young
man, of between ugh'ecn and nineteen yean of
age, the hu-band ot the applicant, who was
then th" c plain of a militia company, was on
his way to pro'e^t the Colonial stores. Before
tae Bnti-,h troo,^ couM aruve at Concord, they
sent forward a p!rty to take possession of two
bridges on the Conci rd rivr, wh ch were situated
three or four mil s ?pari, ai d, a' an ear'y hou',
this intention was known for many mile round,
and I^aae Da.vi>, with h s co-npany, were soon
under aims and on the i inarch They arrived at
Concoid by a road that ¡ed to the lower of these
bridges, and there, on the nght and on the left,
were seen other collections ot the nuli'ia of Massa-
chusetts, but there wai no organization amongst
them. Davis, with jhis company, however, kept
on his course, accord aig to his owa sense
cf pnpneiv; before he reached the bridge, ad-
moii'ory snouts weie given to the militia not to
approa h, ard as tie admontion was disregarded,
the Brrish fired and several men fell. Davis then
pressed forward, and as he approached the bridge
the British again fired, and ne fell; but m the con-
test tha> ensued the Br tish were driven back lo
Boston. H s widow, after his death, was married
to anoiher person, and acquired the name of Leigh-
ton. Sae tvasnow ninety years of age, was poor and
penniless, and her case pre^cn'ed two questions for
the consideration of the Senate—wt-etfer, on the
one hand, the passage of tLis bill for the relief of
this poor old wo'nan would be a plundering of the
&o\ ernn ent—
Mr. CALHOUN Kopid the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts did not intend to convey the impression
that he had so characterized it.
Mr. WEBSTER did not say ihe Senator from
South Carolina had so characterized it, bat he had
said that many of the pensions granted for alleged
services during the late war were a plundering of
the Government.
Mr. CALHOUN said >here were some excep-
tions.
Mr WEBSTER hoped there were many excép-
ticas. Now what was the danger of this case be-
coming a precedent? Were there many such cases?
Could there be another such a case? There could
not oe precisely such another ca-e; and yet, as the
Senator from New Hampshire [¡Mr Pierce] had
said, they had acknowledged the claim oí the
widows of men who had served but six months,
and who cornequently furnished a less strong case
than this. He tnought it a strong case; there was no
case like it. H¿ had received communications
from as honorable and ¿is high-mmded men as were
in Massachuset's, requesting him to interest him-
tclf in the case ef this poor woman; and he hoped
sometlvng would now be done for her by Con-
gress.
Mr. WRIGHT hoped he might be indulged in a
few remarks on the subject then before the Senate;
and he owed it to himself to say, however much
le s sensible he might appear io be to the sjmpa-
tbies of the human heart than olher Senators who
had   preceded  him,   it was with   great  embar-
rassment   and pam   that he opposed a  case of
this kind, and were it not  that he saw m it the
¡ntroducticn   into their leg s'ation   of  a   pnnci-
p'e of fearful extent, he should not be heard in op-
position; but under that consciousness he had op-
posed it before, and he felt bound to do so again.
But he begged permission to say a few words m ex-
planaiion.    He did not question at all the right of
the present Committee on  Pensions to introduce a
new principle into the pension system; he had no
doubt that this case had appealed to the strongest
feelings of their hearts, and that they had been in-
duced by iheir  sympathies to   present  it to  the
Senate;   but    he   desired   to    say  th-U   it    was
presented here on a principle new to him in ihe
pension sytetn.   What had been ihe basis assumed
as the   basis   of  pensions hitherto?    Length of
service.   Upon what principle was the law of 1818
based?   If his memory served him right, it was ssr-
vice in the regular   army, and for at least nine
months.    Upon what   hypoihesis were pensions
based then?    He could not say   positively, for
be was not in the Congress at thit time, but he had
always supposed on the hypothesis f-at the time
of a man  had been   consumed in   the   service
of his country, and that he bad never been  re-
munerated for mat service, ci that he had been
paid in conunen'al paper which was worth nothing;
and at that late day, that was ths manner in which
it was proposed to compensate him for the early
serv.ee of his life m the penis of that war.   That
he supposed to be the predication of the pension act
of 1818.   They passpd on then, so far as his me-
mory   served  hin,   wuhout   any important ad-
dition   to   tha   act    until   the  year   1828,   and
then they passed a  very important law pension-
ing a certain class of  officers of the Revolution.
And on what ground?    Why, they had been pa-
triotic enough to pr-ril their lives in the service of
their country.   Yes. and he (Mr. Weight) was act-
ing at the time tnat law  was pa-sed—it was as a
commutation of a promise held out lo them, by the
old Congress, which bad either not been  fulfilled
or not equivalently fulfilled:  on that he knew the
action of Congress was based, or of the other branch
of it, of which he wa<? a member when the law of
1828 was passed. In 1«32 again, a much more broad
and comprehensive  pension act was passed, but
he (Mr. Wright) was not then a member of Con-
gress.    But what was its peculiar characteristic?
First to shorten the term of service from nine to six
months, and to comprehend the mi'itia, as well as
the regular army.   These, according to his recol-
lection, were the features of that law_a term of
service, sacrifices, and loss of time, which had not
been compensated for, was the predication of that
law.   Well, then, so far, pensions were confined to
persons who had performed service, and they had
not then departed from that pr.nciple either in favor
of widows or heirs.   In 1836, another pension law
was passed, and a most significant and important
law it was.   He was a member of this body at
the time, and he felt it to be a just reproach nr-
