52
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TALIAFEKRO, of V.rgmia.
Mr. CHINN, of Louis ana.
Mr. CASEY, of Illinois.
Mr. DOTY, of WHtonsan.
Mr. DOWNING, of Fionda.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RIVES,!rom the Committee of Election ,
offered a resolution proposing to pay to James
Carlisle aMitional compensaron for services ren-
dered as clerk to the Committee of Elections.
Objeción being made, the lesolntion lies over,
under the rale.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the rel pf of Jerenvah
Field, which was committed to the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr RUSSELL, from the Committee of.Claims,
reported—
A b U t jr the relief of Jáhn Wdk'nson's he rs at
law;
A bill for the íehcf of Jihn Hom<%
A bill for the rel ef o( Ebenezer A. Les'er,
A bill for ihe relief of James Cox;
A bill for ihe relef of Nicholas Hedges;
A b'll for the relief ot Garre* Vleit,
A bill for the relief of Win P. Rathbon ,
A bill for t'. e relief of Ciauncey Calhoun,
Wh ch were st verally referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the stale of the Union
Mr G DDING3, from the Committee of Cla m*,
reported—
A bid lor the relief of Benjamin C Roberts;
and
A bnl for Lie ieh f of Sylvester Ph lps, and the
heTs or kgal upresentaüves of Ch Ties Landou,
deceased,
Which weie severally referred to the Committee
of the While
Mr C'iS'^Y presen'ed joint resoluuons oí the
Lcg'iUluit o. Illinois, on the subject of the public
lands.
Duung the presentation of petitions and reports,
leave was given to introduce the following resolu-
tions.
On motion of Mr PROFFIT,
Resolved, That so much of ihe resolution of this
House, adopted on the 17th December, 1840, as
calls for all the correspondence between the War
Department and the superintendents of the Cum-
berland road, &c be hereby rescinded; and the said
Department is required to turmsh only comeiof ihe
orders (if any such hive been given) ti suspend
operat o ,s on ihe public vorks on ihe lake borders
of Oh o, Indiana Michigan, Illinois, Wisi-ois-an,
a ! on the Cn rberlatid road in Ohio, Indiaia, and
Illinois, and ahí copw? of orders to sill the ma-
chmerj too's, implem nts, &c used on said woiks,
and belongrg to the United Sia es
Onmotun of Mr BLACKWELL,
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on the Po.t Of/ice
and Po t Roads b°, and they are hereby, instructed
to írquire into the propr eiy of estabVliii)g a po t
route trom Cleveland, Tennessee, to Tusca'oosa,
Alabama, to intersect the rou'e from Knoxvil e,
Tenne^sfp, to Cleve'and, Tenne^se .
On motion ot Mr MeCLELLAN,
Resolved, That ih  Commute oi Public Bu k'-
ings and G on ! mqure whether Ihe fading ot ihe
chandelier m the hilt (Í the House was caused by
a de ect n workman-! n and consiruu on, and
also v. hethei any moiiey has been paid by ihe Clerk,
and, if not, whether any o ,;ht to be paid, to tne
constructor oí the chandHier
Ot m ition of M    WELLEll,
Resolved, Ihat the S creiary of ihe Treisury be
required to report to this House vi ether any,
and if any, wuat part or surplm, or additional sec-
tions or parts of si ction-., (Hing along; and adjoin-
ing, and within ihe lip" oi alternate sections on the
Miami canal, in ihe St ,te of Ohio, and withhe' 1
from s?le at t'iesame tnip ) have been sold since l t
January, ltttO, to the Ul January, 1839 Also,
that he state to whom said lands weie •-old, at wh->t
office, ana at wnat time, and at what puce, and
that he turmsh copies o! all instructions given by
the d fferent Commissioners of the General Land
Office, from time lo time, relating to withholding
from sale ¡aids on the route ot 'he said Miami
MM).
On motion oí Mr EVERETT,
Rejohed, That the President of the United States
be requeued to communicate to thi* House, if com-
patible with the public interest, copies of all cor-
responderé between this Government and the Go-
vernment of Great Britain, telattve to any proceed-
ing on ihe part of that Government, which may
have a tendency to interrupt our commerce wi h
China.
Mr ADAMS offered the following resolution,
which, under the rule, lies over one da\:
RexUrd, That the Postmaster General be di-
rected to report to this House he names of all the
postmasters througnom the Uoton who have been
removed from office since the 3d day of March,
18*79, with tbe names of the persons appointed in
then places, underscoring the names of all those
removed for offical delinquency or misdemeanor,
and specifying ihe nature thereof, the complaint
upoa which the removal was made, the evidence
in support of such complaint, and whether the offi-
cer removed was made acquainted with th« com-
plaint, confronted with hw accuser, oi allowed to
be heard in his defence.
Oa motion of Mr. A V BROWN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into ihe expe-
diency of granting a pension to John Everly, of
Giles county, Tennessee, for his Revolutionary
services.
On motion of Mr EVERETT,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of lur-
n shing to each of the State Legislatures a copy
of tne prm'ed document  of both House*—and of
tbe Register of Debates-, and of all other publica-
tions mad- by ord'r of either Hou.e, if a sufficient
number of copies remain on hand
On motion of Mr TILLINGHAST,
¡lesdvid That tbo Committee on Commerce in-
quire into the expediency of appropriating a sum
of money for clearing out the obstructions to navi-
gation m the Providence river, at and near Provi-
dence, and at and near Pawtucket, botU or either.
On motion of Mr. CRANSTON,
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire in to the expediency of erecting
a opindle on a sunken rock near the centre of Nar-
ragansett bay, on the west of Providence island.
On motion of Mr. HENRY,
Rmlved, That th° Comm ttee on Military Affairs
be, an I aie hriebv, msfucted to inquire in o the
e\p d e"cy oí < iab Hung a national armory on
the Western water, west of th* Alleghany moun-
tains, and to report by bill or otherwis*, as may be
deemed most expedient, and that all memorials ->nd
papers on file in die Clerk's office in re'ation to th s
subject, be placed n tht hands of said committee.
On motion of Mr LEADBSTTER,
Resulotd, That tht papéis ( n file in favor of the
c'aims of h- h ns of Jacob Thomas, be referred
to ihe Cumrmttee on Pr vate Land Cla ms.
On motion of Mr McCLURE,
Rtsolvid Tnu the Committee on Revolutonary
Claims be, and are hereby direc ed to inquire m o
the p oprnty o' reporting a bill for ihe rebel of the
h ir. and I gal representatives, of Captain John
Smi h, deceased, late of Cumlerland county, Penn
whos pe'ition arid papers were mislaid and lost by
the said committee at a former ^es^ion of Congress,
afer it had b"en determined to report in favor of
his c'"ims as an officer of the army of the Revo-
lution
Mr REYNOLDS presented a memorial from the
Lejiishiure of Illinois, remonstrating against the
mode and puce of disposing of the public land ly-
ing within the States recently admitted luto the
Union, which he moved should be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, with the following in-
struct ons
"To report a bill to grant prospective pre-emp-
tions to settlers on the public lands, and to reduce
the price to settlers according to the value of said
lauds "
The motion giving rise to debate, was, under the
rule, laid over.
REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. ADAMS, after some explanatory remarks
showing under what circumstance House bill No,
100, providing for the more faithful execution of
the laws relating to the collection of duties on im-
ports, had been lost at the last session for want ef
time, moved to refer it to the Commute on Manu-
Mr. PICKENS obj cttd to the bill being taken
up otherwise than in us regular order on the ca-
lendar.
Mr. WISE wished to ?sk the gentleman from
Massachusetts if that was the revenue bill intro-
duced by him at the last session, and on which the
Sena'e add(*d, by way of amendment, fourteen
sections imros ng a new UnT.
Mr. ADAMS explained that it was, but his view
in moving a reference to the Committee on Manu-
f-ct ireó was not 10 have them report the whole of
the bill, as amended by the Senate, but the bill as
it) was originally reported from the commi¡tee.
So far as he was concerned, it was not his wish
that a revenue bill should be reported, but a bill
only foi the suppression of fraud. Mr. A. then al-
lnded to a meeting of certain merchants m New
York city in relation to the tariff, with a view of
showing in what manner they had taunted the
House, and insinuated how members of the House
were to be managed with "champagne and mo-
ney " Mr A said, the proceedings of the meet-
ing had been reported m one of the New York pa-
pers, and were of a character derogatory to the
dgnity of the House. Mr. A. asked who were
th^se New York merchan's who thus showed their
estimate of the standing of the House' He believed
there was not a native of New York among them,
but that they were of the class of foreigners for
whom the bill of Ust session was intended to ap-
ply. Tney were the particular all es of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, but he, Mr. A. did not
like the character of such allies.
Mr. A. then -ubmitied his motion of reference
to the Commu'ee on Manuiactures.
The SPEAKER stated that ihe motion could be
entertained only by a suspension of tne rules.
Mr. STANLY moved a suspension of the rules,
for the purpose of enabling the motion o£ reference
to be submitted.
Mr WISE, before be voted, wished to have a
little more information on the subject. The bill
introduced by the gentleman ñom Massachusetts
at the last session was a bill to prevent frauds on
the revenue. Its object was not to disturb the tariff
question or interfere with til  compromise bill. It
did rot propose the in po U.on tf a new tariff, but
simply to enforce the laws- on th  exist ng tariff.
As such, tbe bill parsed the House, and although,
he considered the bdl arb trary in many of its pro-
v sions, he yet made no -erious opposmon to it.
It went to Ihe Senate, wheie, under the «pecious
tin* of "a bill to pie/ent lrauds on the reveuue,"
a numbei of additional sect ons wee addtd, laying
on a new t-inrf, disturoirg the compromise act, and
imposing on certa n rriiC't^ on sddmonal duty of
from 23 to 50 per cent. Tnn bill, with the addi-
tion of iouteensrctiorshad never pa.sed the House,
bu' \^as referred to a oommmee.
Mr. W. then vindica ed the merchants of
New Yoik from th  crur¿e ai'udtd to by Mr
Adams. He, too, saw the reported proceedings of
toe meeung of merchants n d at city, but ha would
mfcrm the g-ntern-n and the House ¡hat the re-
port was nothing but a caricature of the proceed-
ings, published in the New York Herald. He was
authorized to say that 'beie wasaot a word of truth
in the representations the e made, and it was with
deep regret that the meidnntsof New York bad
seen the "caricature" of then proceedings go forth,
representing them as u4irg such language in rela-
tion to the character and standing of the House.
As one instance showing how nuch reliance was
to be placed on the canca'ure report of the Herald,
Mr. W referred ton as saying that the gentleman
from Massíchuieis [Mi A J introduced this bill at
the last session when there were but four members
present. Thewiole report was of a similar cha-
racter, entirely false, and relating words which had
never been uttered at that meeting. Mr. W. re-
ferred to a letter received irom one of the merchants
who composed the meeting, (Mr. Jeffries) explain-
inf the matter, and said he was  sure that if the
