CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
geatleman from   Massachusetts, had seen it,  he
would n t have made ihe remarks he 1 ad.
As for the merchants of New Yoru being the
"allies" oí the gentleman from Suuih Carolina, he,
Mr. W. would assert that the South stood in need
of no allies. On that qucs'ioa the Sou h would
stand alone on its own strength, and by that means
they would secure more firmly the faith of the
country. All ihey asked was that the tariff ques-
tion might be left where it was m 1832; but when
it should be disturbed, let t le question be raised
fairly, and not insidiously included in a bill by its
title purporting to be only a bill for preventing
frauds on the revenue. Tne present bill, with the
additional sections of the S na p,was not the till of
last session. Moreover, he believed that the bill
had died at the last ses-ion, and that in or Jer to re-
vive the subject again, it must be introduced de
novo.
Mr. MONROE arose amidst much confusion,
and expressed a desire to say a fee/ words on the
subject. A'tei stating hs (ear of ever coming in
contact with ihe gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr Adams,] he observed that he would giadly,
on all occasions, leave him ahne, except when he
said any thing c-vlculated to injure the leputalion of
the high minded merciian s of N'w York. Mr.
M. then proceeded to deserib  t >e cHaracttr ol the
meeting held in that city, and con end d that the
persons wao attended it wt re as honorable and high
minded as the gentleo- an h mse f. f he repon ot the
Herald, falsifying and caricaturing tue proceedings,
had excited fee ings of the deepest mortific-ti^n, in
proot whereof he &(gg-=d leave to have read by the
Clerk a letter he had received on las' night from
Mr. Jeffries, one of the sp>akeisof thatmettng,
and whose remarks had been caricatured by ihe
Herald.
The letter of Mr J. 'vas accordingly read by the
Clerk, den>in¿ ti e n marks impu ed to him in th'
Herald, and expre sing his iegi«.t f! ai it hi i b -
come necessary thus to correct the erroneous ímpies-
s on which had gone abroad.
Mr. CUSH1NG b°g£ed ie-Te to ask whether ihe
writer of ihe letter was an Amer can cit zen or a
foreigner.
Mr. MONROE was inclined to the belief that
the writer was not «n American cit ¿en, but a
Scotchman, who, he donb'ed not, was one of the
most respectab e importing merchants in New
York.
Afier some farther deba'e m which Messrs
PICKENS, WISE, STANLY, ANDREWS,
TILLINGHAST, and CUSHING, participant!,
The que^ion on the motion oí Mr. STANLY
to suspend the rules was put, and decided b, yeas
and nays as follow-:
YEAS-Me,srs. Adams, John W Allen, An-
derson, Andrew, Aiherton, Baker, Beatty, Board-
man, Bond, Breckenn<%*, Brewster Briggs, Brock-
way, Barke, Cilhoun, Willian B Campbell, Carr,
Carroll, Carter, Casey, Chtnn, Chittenden, Clatk,
Clifford, William R. Cooper, Cranston, Crccket,
Curbing, Dana, E i ward Davie<¡, John Dívis, John
W. Divis, Garret Davis, Dtckerson, Dellet, D^e,
Doi?, Ear!,E-s'rran, Edwards, Everett, Fibmoie,
Fletcher, Floyd, Fanatice, Galbraitn, Gentry,
Gerry, Giddings, G ang r, Willium S Hastings,
John Hastings, Have*, Henry, Hilien, Hook,
Hunt, Jackson, James, Jenifer, Charles Johnston,
Joseph Johnson, Wm. Cost Jihnson, Cave John-
son, Nathaniel Jones, K>¡m, Kemble, Kemp^hall,
Joseph Kille, Lane, Let, Leonarl, Lineo n,
McCarty, McClure, McCulloci, Mallory, Mar
chand, Marvin, Ma on, Mitcoell, Monioe, Mon-
tanya, Moore, Morgan, Sam nil W Morns Mor-
row, Nay lor, Newhard, Ogi , Osborne, Pal n, Par-
menter, Paynter, Peck, Pope, Prentiss, Randall,
Randolph, Randen, Reed, Reynolds, Ridgivay,
Russell, Saltonstatl, Shaw,S>monton, S ade, Albert
Smith, John Smub, Triman Smith, Stanly, Stark-
weather, Stuart, Swtanngen, Tayloi, Francis
Thomas, Tillmghast, Toland, Turney, Underwood,
Vanderpoel, Dwd D Wagener, Peter J Wag-
ner, Watterson, Jared W. Williams, Thomas W.
William , Henry Williams, Lewis Williams, Jo-
seph L. Williams, aadWintbrop—131.
NAYS—Messrs. Alford, Julson Alien, Banks,
geume, Blackwell, Aaron V. Brpwn, Sampson H.
Butler, William O. Butler, Coles, Connor, Maik
A. Cooper, Ciabb, Craig, Cross, Curtis, Dawson,
Deberry, Fisher, Garland, Goggtn, Gr.ffiu, Hill
of Va. Hill of N. C Hubbard, John W. Jones,
Leadbetter, McClellan, McKay, Miller, Nisbet,
Párri«, P ckens, Promt, Rayner, Rives, Sh ptrd,
Thomas Smith, Sumter.Tabaferro Waddy Thomp-
son, J?cob Thompson, John B. Thompson, War-
ren, John White, asd Wise—45.
So there being two-thirds voting in the affiraria -
tive, the rules were suspended.
Mr. ADAMS then submitted his motion to refer
to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. WISE, after some further remarks, moved
to refer the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The quest on being first on the mo ion of Mr
Adams to refer to the Commutes on Manufactures,
Mr. MORGAN demanded the previous qaesnoD,
whi"h was seconded by the House.
The mam quest on on the motion was then or-
dered, and taken by yeas and najs, as lo'low«-
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, J< tin W. Allen, An-
drews, Baker, Bojrdman, Bond, Btewster, Bnges,
Brockway, William B Campbell, Carr, Cirri H,
Casey, CmUenden,Clatk,Cran ton,Cusb n?, E. Da-
vi's, JohnDavi-, John W. Davis, Giirrt Dav =,
Doe, DoijT, Earl, Edwards, Everett, Fillmore,
Fletcher, Fornance, Galbraiih, Gentry, Gerry,
Granger, Hammond, Hani, Wm S Hasfrgs,
Ji hn H^s ings, Hawes, Henry, Hook, Jackson,
Jame-i, Jenifer, Charles Johnston, Wm Cist J >hn-
von, Ndthatiel Jones Ksm, Kenble, K mpsha1!,
Kill", L.ne, L¡ et, L onard, Lnon, McCaity,
McCulloch, Mallory, Marchand, Marvin, Mason,
Medill, Mi chell, Monroe, Mo >re, Morgan, Samu 4
W. Morns, Morrow, Naylor, Newhard, Og'e,
O borne, Palen, Parmenter, Pavn'er, Peck, Pipe,
Randall, Randolph, Rinden, Reed, Rd¿«av,
EdwaiA llover*, Russell, Sa't n-'all, Simmtn,
Slade, A be t Sm.th, J )'ui S i 11 rii.mintn.iih,
Thomas S >n h, Sian'y, EUiluvtalrei, S uart,
Sweanngen, Taylor, Francis Thorn >s, Jthn B.
Thomnson, Tillmghast, Toland, Triple , Trum-
bull, Underwood, David D Wagener, Pettr J
Wagner, John White, Henry Wi!h?ms, Lewis
Williams, Joseph L Williams, and Wmttirop—
109
NAYS—Me srs Alford, Jud«on Allen, An-
derson, Atherton, Bat ks, Beat'y Beirne, Blackwell,
Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Albert G Brown, Burke,
Wm O Butler, Clifford, Col«, Connor, Marc A.
C opei, "W n. R Cooper, Cratb, Craig, Cass,
Dana, Dawson, Deberry, Delict, D >«m, Duncan,
Eostman, Fisher, Flojd, Garlard, Goggin, Hill
of North Carolina, Hubbard, Jameton, Joseph
Johnson, Cave Johnson, Lowell, MrCle'lan, Mc-
Clure, McKay, Momanya, Nisbet, Pickens, Pren-
tiss, Ravnrr, Reynolds, Rives, Shaw, Shepard,
Strong, Sumter, Taliaferro, Jacob Thompson,
Vanderpoel, Warren, Watterson, Wick, Jaied W
WilUams, otid Wi*e—60.
So the bill was referred to the Comtru tee on Ma-
nufactures
Mr. WISE inquired whether it was m order to
instruct the committee to s i ike out all ar erjthe 11th
sect'on of the bill, and move an amendment
thereto.
The SPEAKER sa d it was rot.
M- WISE 'hen moved a suspens on of the rule
But before any question was taken ¡h°rcon,
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the seiect
committee, app anted during tie last session, on
steamboat disasters, was discharged, and anitD r
on the =ame subject ordered to be appointed
On motion of Mr MeKAY, the eommumeat on
from the Po t Offue Depait rent, in respect to trans-
portation of the mails, &c wai referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads
On motion of BR1GGS,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, December 24,1840.
Mr.  MOUTON presented  the  petition  of the
branch pilots of the city of New Orle „ns, which
was 'eferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also the petition of Abner Bradley; which was
referred to the Committee on Private. Land Claims.
Also the pelition of Pierre Dolet; which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. STURGEOST presented the petition of the
heirs of Robert Fulton; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. PRENTISS presented the petition of J.T.
Nevius which was referred to ths Coaimittce on
Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, t>e petitioa
of James Simpson'  heirs, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claim-., and the petition
of James Pax'on, was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
On motion by Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, the me-
morial ¿nd resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Alabama for the cession to that State of
the Muscle S'ioals dual, was referred to the
Commune on Roads and Canals; the resolutions
of the Legis'ature of Alabama for the relinquish-
ment to that State ot the unappropriated public
'and* ljwg within her hints, was referred to the
Committee on Public L-mdt,; the re olutions of the
Lfgis'a'ure of Alabama m relation lo the claim ot
that State for advances to md tta volunteers, in the
wars wiih F onda and Cr.ek Indians, was referred
to th  Committee on Claims; and the memorial of
c ti/ens of A'abama for the cection of lights and
bgh'-houses, w:s íe erred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr CLAY, in pursuance ef previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
amend ?n act entitled "An ac! to grant certain re*
hnquished and unapp'opnated Unds to the State
of Alabama, for ihe purpose cf improving the navt-
g-itun ff the Tenner, e, C^osa, Canawba and
Biack Warrior nve-s," approved May 23, 1828,
ard dip «everM acts supplementary and amendato-
ry t.ieieti, which w s read tit ice, and referred to
the Cum mitt e en Ri a's and Canals.
Mi C al o, on leivt, introduced a bill making
addit'onal appropriations for completing the im-
provement  in Mobile harbor; which was read
twice and referred to the Commit'ee on Commerce.
Mr. C al o, on lea^e, introduced a bill provid-
ing for the pai ment of certain claims of the State of
Alabama; which was twice read and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Com-
mi rce, to which wat, referred the bill authorizing
tbe President to cause certain surveys to be made,
rtprr ed the came without amendmen*.
Mr SEVIER (rim the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the renef of Johl C. Rey-
nolds; which was read and ordered to a second
refdmg.
On motion of Mr WILLIAMS, the Committee
on Naval Affairs was discharged from (he further
consideration of the petition of John Pritchett, and
ii wa  referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SMITH, from ihe Committee on the Judi-
enry, to which was referred the petitu n of James
Wituams, mide an adverse report thereon, and
asked to b; discharged from its turther considera-
tion.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, the petition and pa-
peri of E Shaler, now on fne, were referred ¡o the,
Comnrueeon Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
to wh ch was reici red the pet tion of Garry Hmans,
a'kel to bo discharged from Us further considera-
tion, and tiat it be referred to the Committee on
lad an Affairs, which was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. KING, the Committee on
Commerce was discharged from the further consi-
dera ion of the memorial of ihe Legislature of II-
Lnoi , praying an ex enstoa of time for ihe pay-
ment of duty bonds, and it was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. WALL, the Commute on
•he Judiciary was discharged from the futher con-
sideration of the petition of George Whitman.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas
Hawkins and Ralph Haskms which was read,
and ordered loa sscond reading.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, to
which, was referred the W for the relief of tlje Is,
