54
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gal representatives of Thomas Cooper, deceased,
reported the same with  a ■a amendment.
Mr. W also, from thesamecnmmitte', to wh ch
was referred the memorial of Francis A Dickws,
reported a bill to provide for taking evidence n
the District of Columbia and Tern'ones of the
United States, in certain cas-^s, «hich was read,
and ordered to a second rpad.ng
Mr. RUGGLES, irom the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a Diil to provide for the better secu-
rity of the Uves snd passengers on board oí ves^oU
propelled in whole or in part by iteam; which was
read, and ordered to a second rea ling
Mr. LUMPKIN, in pursuance oí previous no-
nce, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the relief of J. M. Strader, which was read
twice, and referred to the Comm.ttee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KING, from the Commutee on Commence,
to which was reftned tie bill for the lehe' of the
l<?gal representatives of Aarou Vail, deceased, Ute
consul at L'Onent, reported me <ame without
amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, in pursuance rf previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the relief of Richard Higgms, jr. wh ch was
read twice, and referred to the Commutee on Pri-
vate Land Claims
Mr. C. also presented ihe memorial of citizuns of
Georgetown, praying for a recbarter of the Farm-
ers and Mechanics Bank, whnh was ref,.n\d to the
Commutee on tht District of Colnmb a
Mr. MOUTON, from the Co/-m ttee on Pnvate
Land Claims, to which was- referred
A bill for the relief of George de Passau of Loui-
siana;
A bill for the relief tf Charles Morgan ot Loui-
siana;
A bill for the relief of Chirles Morgan of Loui-
siana;
A bill to confirm claim to lands in the district be-
tween the Rio Hondo and Sabine river*,
A bill to confirm certain land claims in the Oaa
chita land district, in the S ale f f Louisiana
A bill confirming certain land claims m Loui-
siana;
A bill for the relief of Jean Baptisle Grange,
A bill for Ihe relief of the heirs of Madame JJe
Lusser, and their legal repres ntptives,
A bill for Ihe relief of Juan Belgar;
A bill for the relief of the legal heirs and repre-
sentatives of William Conway,
A bill for the relief of Pie re Babin,
4 bill to csnfirm certain land claims in the
Greenburg Land District, Stale ot Louisiana,
A bill for the relief of John Compton, assignee
of GamguesFiaujie,                   '
A bill for the relief of Jean Bapt si Corneal,
A bill confirming the claim of Jo m Bapti  te
Lecompie to a tract of land in Luuisi,in?, an'l
A bill for the relief of the legal represent ives
of Tnerese Malette, widow of Gispaid Pinole,
repotted the same without amendment.
BILLS PASSED
A bill granting a pension 10  Hannah  Leighton,
A bill to amend an act eatitl-d "An act more
effectually to provide for Ihe purudiment of csrtam
crimes against the Urited States, and for o her pur-
poses, and
A bill to prevent the counterfeit tig any fccign
copper, gold, sivcr, or other com, and to prevent
the bringing into the United S'ates, or uttering any
counterfeit foreign cApper, gold, snvir, or other
coin; were severally read a th rd time and pas,cd.„-
A bill lor Ihe relief of sundry cit zens oi Ark«fi-
jas, who lost their lmprovement^m con*eauenyf> of
a treaty between the United States and thpiChoe-
taw Indians, coming up on its ihmi re   iingfe?
Mr. PHELPS maae some inquinas ->i to the
purport of the bi'1, and the legality of tí e tule of
the settlers to the land in question.
Mr. SEVIER said he w?s soiry his friend from
Vermont objected to the passage ot this log cabin
bill—a bill which bad passed tus House or the
other branch of Congress almost > early for the last
thirteen years, but it so happened that it never had
parsed both Houses in the one year. When he
had the honor of a «eat in the other branch of Cor-
gress, this  bill had passed without a dissen tin
voice, but had not been ac ed on in the Senate: an!
for several yean, pist it had been presented in he
Senate, received us favorable consideration, was
passed and sent to the House, but failed in being
acted on m that body As the Senator, howevf,
des red informalion, he wouid endeavor to af-
ford it, though necessarily he woukl have to
f.o back for a space of thirteen or fou'teen
yeirs fcr mat purp isc. When Arkaims was a
Territory, it was deemed e,oedtent by >ho3e -who
then L'?d the c n 10I of Ihe Government of thi. na-
tion, to lop 08 a large portion of the mo-4 ferule of
her sjiI—Eve of h r best eountiei were severed
from her by force, to give them to the Cheroke ",
frr the purpo>eof ia rymg out tie policy of this
Government in relation to th" IiJians Th«y took
by viole"! hands tue improvements of the seltier —
they took pnvate property ano applied it to a pub-
lie purpose, and had made no iemun rin m there-
for, and every year since that period h?d t'vse
claims ken pres nted here, and we vere asked to
pay back to the settlers an rqtitvalent for th 
pioper'y 'hey f'ad been unjustly deprived 0 He
repeled that tie e Outiagesrad been federated
with a view to carry out the Indian poLcy of ih<  Ctc-
«erniHent, and Congress had recjsnked their jus
nee again and again. He said Ihey had heard
much in that chamber of the exciiemen' respect-
ing the Northeastern boundary, and the ques ion
of jurisdiction over (he valley of the A'oo^took
and tre pine h,ll3 of Maine-  hv, ■  r, Arkansas,
by the transactions to whicn he alludf d, hpd been
despoiled of ternt ly of m ire value than the «hole
S ate cf Mam —a ferule b It of eount-y 40 miles
wi ie and 330 long, had been forcn'v token from
her, an I iL s to prevent difficn'ti s " ilh Ihe Inoian°
The settlers had been pludered of then improve-
ments, and they were called upon to make
some compensatioi for thein M<Jiy of 'he
^e'tlers has resisted the vilhnous attempt to
deprive them of their properly without an
equivalent, and lo these had been granted 320
acres of land. Tnose «ho had quietly submitted
to the Government had recDived noth n , and u
was for their relief ¡hat this Dill ptovitled It gave
thern bat 1G0 ■'crcs of lana, whereas 'he former
class rtreived 320, so that he naked qu- tnn was,
willjou gtv-1 tjth) e who ob y°d snd ••ubm (ted to
>oui hvvi, 1! e one-half of that which yu gave to
those who lCis'ed them—nobly and «ucces iuily
resisted them. He trusted they wou d pass (h*
bill: it was but a scanty measuie of justi"e, wh ch
had been lo.g d fei.id
Mr PHfcLPS said th" Senator h >d rot an-
swered his inquiry He was not doubting he po-
licy or the prop-ieiy of indemnify in  the own"r< of
property that was taktn for the public us", but he
wished to Know whit light those se"lers rad f> ti e
property taken for íhepubl c use
Mr SEVIER explained.
Mr. PHELPS was ava>e they w re setLrs
wi htn the boundary of Arkansas, but ho \ x hed
10 karn what title thpy hai to the land on which
(heir improvements were located'' If they had a
naht 10 it, ¡t was destroyed by the art of Govern-
ment, ind ihey were entitled to eompen'at n; but
if they had taken possession and lntioductdim
provement, without tit'e, he then s id 'h y haJ
no claim, more than a mere pre empi>on right
Mr BENTON said, as this w^s a subject u th
Which, fiom his 'on? connect on wi h th - boiv, he
had some acquaintance, ano as 'on," h nrraMe
Sena ors appear d not to be famili r wi h 1', le
begged leave to 'ay a few word^. He would be-
gin at t' e bcgi ining Ab ut six'ren 01 eiahtf^n
years s o, wh^n Mi Convay wis  he de eg, te
from A'kansas, though it wa- i>orr>a tn?l who the
delegate m g!-1 be C ngret,s defired Ibe b"un'a-
nes of wlnt that Sate vas to be, separating
whst was intpnditl to constituo- the Slate of
Arkr-'-sa*;, from lhn vast wilderness that was
Levo d i<, it was marted out wi'h a optem
rekrence to t'-e fu ure size of 'he Sta e, to
make u correspond with other States, and ai o
for the purpose of including «he great salt springs
whiJi are now in the po ses3ion of the Cherokees
of the West, and on the boundary line of the S'ate
of Arkansas. The act, then, was pas«ed, the boun-
da'y of the Territory was defined, and under ths
administration of the second Mr. Adams, a treaty
was made with the Cherokees, by which this act
was repealed, by which an act of C ingass was
bowed down, and bowed down by the treaty malt.
ing poaer ' Tais extension of the treaty mak-
ing power was an outrage on the Constituí on of the
country, it w.<s an outrage on a law of Congress, and
it w-s an outrage on the peop'e of Arkans s. He
(Mr. Bentor) was then on the Commn'ee of In-
dian Affairs—he was ihe Chairman of thai Com-
mittee—and he fought thi t (reaty on every ground
—on UV g'ourd trial it was a violation of ihe trea-
ty-making power—on the ground that ú was under-
taking to r peal an act of Congress—and on the
grouid that an ageri of the Secretary of War was
?e ing w,th the Indians in overturning the rights of
the people of lhat country—that it was doing a thing
th" was new >o ihe trcty-raakirg power—that
it ras extend 1 g thut poxer—and that it was dO
outrage on ths 'e'tlers m Arkansas, and the doing
them ?n e^sent al wrong an 1 Wi one o her groun-i,
that on his subject Corgress had already passed He
(Mr Bent n) wa> then in th  mmo'ity and 111 the
opposition, as he might be again, and he was borne
down, and the Constitution of the country was
borne dowr, and the interests of Arkansas were
borne down; that outrage on the country, as well
as on the 1 gislation of Congress, was perpetrated
He fought it 1( ng, but he was borne down; and
the boundaries of Arkansas were contrae'ed forty
miles for thne hundred milts in lengih. That
oulnge was perpetrated on a defenceless Territory,
but if was perpe'rattd on an o'gamzed Govern-
ment, and it was done by men who sat on the same
chairs as those who mrde the treaty, and who were
sensible of the outnge they cotnmi't d on the pee-
pl° who 'vero left fb' y mile cuMde the Ter-
ritory Bj' col empo aneousy with this trea-
ty, an rc> «;a<. passed togi^e 0 thrse settlers double
the usual pre- mp ton ng t, and no* r. erely as a
pre empt on, but as p compensaren for the outrag-
coFimit'ed upon then, red ft r whu they hid Inst,
and as au u dncemrnt to th'-ra to break up then
homes and remove forty mi es from ihe Indian^, to
save a war. The\r were then offe'ed 320 ace> of
land instead of 160, and now, afttr a lapse of fif-
teen or «ix'een year', were ihry to ha/e but half of
that which tr>o:>e who did the wrong assured
to then í He w^t for 'he otll as it was introduced,
and be hculd give it his support.
After a few íemarka from Mr.  PRESTON, the
bill was read a third ti"ie and nassod
TAX ON BANK NOTES
Mr BENTON 1% light for > arc his promised
motion for leive to brVg in a b 11 to tav: the crcu-
la'un of ba"k and bapker", nnd of a'l corpora-
tions, companies or mTvidaa's «vmr'i i^íjed paper
currency. ITr- sad ndthmg wat, more reisonab'e
than to requ re the moreted m e est which was
employed in bai king, and esp c,ally in that branch
of banking which was d dicated t) the picfitable
bu ne-s of converting lauipo'ack and r gs into
money, to contnbu e to ¡he m port of the Govern-
ment It «¡as a brge in erest, very ab'e, and very
proper, 'o pay taxes, ai d v h ch pa d nothing. It
was an interest v/htch po ses ed "i?ny privileges
over the rest of th  community by la , which
usurped n any oihe.s which the laws di 1 not grant;
which, in fact, <et he taws and 'he Government at
dffiance when^vir it pleased, an i which, m addi-
tion lo all the e privileges and advan'ages, was en-
tirely exempt from Federal taxation. While the
pioducmg and laboring c'asse^ were all taxed;
while thesj men onom cl?s fs, with then small in-
comes, were taxed in their comforts and n ce si-
nes— ¡a th<ir alt, iron, sjjar, b'at kt s, hats, 003!-
and shoe,, anu so rmny other articles—the bank-
ing interest, which dealt m hundreds of mill.tns,
which manufactured ¡>nd mo ,opol Zfd money,
which put up and pat down pr ces, ?nj he'd ihe
whole eounay subject 10 its p„wrr, and tnbulary to
it? wealth, p ,id not! mg This wa„ wrong ¡n Uselt,
and urju=t to the rest 01 the connunity It was
an error or m -t-.ke m O vernn 'nt whi"h he had
long intended to t ring 10 ,ie none oí he Sfnate
and the counírj , and r.e judge 1 the present con-
juncture to be a prop-r tim<" for doi git. Revenue
s wanted \ gui-ral r. vision ot ths tariff u,
about to lake place    An auiustment joC the laxa.
