CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                               55
for a long period is about to be made. This is the
time to bring forward the banking interest to bear
their shaie of the public burdens, and the more so
as they are now in the fact of proving themselvev
to be a great burthen on the public, and the public
mind is beginning to consider whether there is any
way to make them amenable to law and govern-
ment.
In other counties, Mr. B. said, the banking inte-
rest was subject to taxation. He knew of no
country in which banking was tolerated, except
our own, in which it was not taxed. In Great
Bri'ain—that country from which we borrow the
banking system—the banking interest pays its fair
and full proportion of the public taxes: it pays at
present near four millions of dollars. It paid in
1836 the sum of $3,725,400: in 1837 it paid
|3,594,300. Theie were the las! years for which
he had seen the details of ihe British taxation, and
the amounts he had stated comprehended the bank
tax upon the whole United Kingdom: upon Scot-
land and Ireland, as well as upon England and
Wales. It was a handsome item in the budget of
British taxation, and was levied on two branches
of the banking business: on the circu'anon, and on
bills of exenange. In the bill which he intended to
bring forward, the circulation alone was proposed
to be taxed; and, in that respect, the paper system
would still remain more favored here than it was
in Great Britain.
In our own country, Mr. B. said, the banking in-
terest had formerly been taxed, and that in all its
branches: in its circulation, its discounts, and its
bills of exchange. This was during the late war
with Great Britain; and though the banking busi-
ness was then small compared to what it is now,
yet the product of the tax was considerable, and
well worth the gathering: it was about $500.000 per
annum. At the end of the war this tax was abo-
lished; while mo a of the war taxes, laid at the
same time, for the same purpose, and for the same
period, were continued in force: among them the
tax on salt, and other neces.aries of life. By a
perversion of every principle of righteous taxation,
the tax on banks was abolished, and that on salt
was continued. This has remained the case for
twenty-five years, and it is time to reverse the pro-
ceeding. It is time to make the bank - pay, and to
let salt go free.
Mr. B. next stated the manner of levying the
bank tax at prereat in Great Britain, which he said
was done with great facility and simplicity. It
was a levy of a fixed sum on the average circula-
tion of the year, which the bank was required to
give in for taxation like any other property, and
the amount collected by a distress warrant if not
paid This simple and obvious method of making
the levy, had been adopted in 1815, and had been
followed ever since. Before that time it was effected
through the instrumenta ity of a stamp duty; a stamp
being required for each note, but with the privilege
of compounding for a gross sum. la 1815 the op-
tion of compounding was dropped: a gross amount
was fixed by law as thetaxup n every million of the
circulation; and this change in the mode of collec-
tion has operated so beneficially that, though tem-
porary at first, it has been made pTmanent. The
amount fixed was at the rate of ¿£3,500 for every
million. This was for the circulation only: a sepa-
rate, and much heavier tax was laid upon bills of
exchange, to be collected by a stamp duty without
the privilege of composit-'on.
Mr. B. heie read, from a recent history of the
Bank of England, a brief account of the laxation
of the circulation of that institution for tbe last-
fifty years—from 1790 to the present time. It was
at that time that her circulation begun to b; taxed,
because at ib.it time only did she begin to have a
circulation which displaced the specie of the coun-
try. She thin began to issue njtes under ten
pounds, having been first chartered with the privi-
lege of issuing none less than one hundred pounds.
It was a century—from 1694 to 1790—before she
got down to ¿£5. and afterwards to ¿£2, and to ¿CI,
and from that time the specie basis was displaced,
the currency convulsed, and the banks suspending
and breaking. Tne Government indemnified ¡'self,
in a small degree, for the mischiefs of the pestiferous
currency which it had authorized; and the extract
which he was about to read was the history of the
taxation on the Bank of England notes which, com-
mencing at the small composition of ¿612 000 per
annum,now amounts to a large proportion of the
near four millions of do-.iars which the paper system
pays annually to the British Treasury.   He read:
'■Tne Bank, till lately, has always been particu-
larly favored in the c^nip -sition which they paid
for stamp duties. In 1791. they paid a composi-
tion of ¿¿12,000 per annum, in lieu of all stamps,
either on bill or rotes, in 1799, on an increase
of the stamp duty, their composition was advanced
to ¿£20,000, and an addition of ¿£4,000 for notes
issued under ¿£5, ra:sed the who'e to ¿£24,000*. In
1804, an addition of not less than 50 psr cent, was
made to the stamp duty; but. although the Bank
circulation of notes under ¿55 had increased fioin
one and a half to four and a half millions, the
whole composition was only raised from ¿£24.000
to ¿£32,000. la 1808, there was a further increase
of 33 per cent, to the stamp duty, at which time
the composition was iaised irom ¿£32,000 to
¿42,000.
"In both these instances, Cue increase was not in
proportion even to the mercase of duty; and no
allowance whatever was made for ¡hi increase in
the amount of th-; Bank circulation.
"It was not tiil the version cf 1815, on a further
increase of the stamp duty, that the new princ:ple
was established, and the Bank compelled to pay a
composition in some proportion to the amount of
their circulation. Tha composition is now fixed as
follow : Upon the aversga circulation of the pre-
ceding year, the Bank is to pay at the rate of
¿£3,500 per m'.llion, on the'r aggregate circulation,
without reference to the different clashes sad value
of their notes. The establishment of th's'pr.nci-
ple, it isca'culated, caused a saving 'o the public,
in the year.-. 1815 and 1316, of =£70,000. By the
neglect of this principle, which ought ¡o have been
adopied in 1799, iV?r. Uña: do estimated the public
to have hee-i losers, and tr: Ba-ik consequently
gairurs, of no less a sum than hxlf i mt/iion."
Mr. B remarked briefly upoa the <qui'y o! this
tax, the simplicity of its levy since 1315, ard its
large product. He deemed it the proper model to
be followed in the United State:--, unless we should
go on the principle of copying all that was evil,
and rejecting ali that was good in the British paper
system. We borrowed the banking system from
the Eúgl.ih, with all it? foreign vices, and then
added others of our own to it, England has sup-
pressed the pestilence of notes under ¿£5 (near §25;)
we retain small notes down to a dollar, and thence
to the fractional parts of a doll-¡r. She hits lax-d
all notes; and those under ¿£5 she taxed hi. best
while she had them; we, on the eonUary, tax none.
The additional tax of ¿£4,000 on the notes under
¿£5 re-.-'ed on the fair principle of taxing highest
that which was most profitable to the owner, and
most injurious to the country. The small notes
fell within that category, and therefore paid highest.
Having thus shown that bank circulation was
now taxed in Great Britain, and had been for fifty
years, he proceeded to show that it had also been
taxed in the United States. Tms was in the year
1813. In the month of August of that year, a
stamp-act wat passed, applicable to banks and to
bankers, and taxing them in tbe three great branches
tsf their business, to wU: ¡he circulation, the dis-
counts, and the bilis of exchange. On the circula-
tion, the tax commeneed at one cent on a one dol-
lar note, and rose gradually to fifty dollars on notes
exceeding one thousand dollars, with the privilege
of compounding for a gross sum in lieu of ihe
duty. On the discounts, the tux began at five cents
on notes discounted for one hundred dollars, ar,d
rose gradually to five dollars on notes of eight
thousand dollars and upwards. O.i bills of ex-
change, it began at five cents on b lis of fifty dol-
lars, and rose to five dolíais on those of tight thou-
sand do lars and upwards.
Such was ihe tax, continued Mr. B. which the
moneyed interest, employed in banking, was re-
quired to pay in 1813, and which it continued to
pay uutil 1817. In that year the banks were re-
leased from taxation, while taxes were continued
upon all the comforts and necessaries of life.
Taxes are now continued upon articles of prime
necessity—upon salt even—and the question wilt,
now go before the Senate and country, woe-her the
banking interest, which has now grown so rich and
powerful—v.-hich monopolizes the money of the
country—beards the Government—raakss distress
or prosperity when it pleas's—the question is now
come whether this interest shall continue to be ex-
empt from tax, while every thing else has to pay.
Mr. B. said he did not know how the banking
interest of the present day would relish a proposi-
tion to make them contribute to the support of tin
Government. He did not know how thgy wohM
talte.it; but be did know how a banker of the old-
school—o::c who paid on sight, according to his
promise, and never broke a promise to the holder
of his note.-"—he dil know how suck a banker
view-id the act of 1813; and ha would exhibit his
behaviour to the Senate; he spoke of the late
Stephkn Girard of Pniladelphia; and he would
let him speak for himself by reading some passages
from a petition which he presented to Congress the
year after the tax on bank notes was laid.
Mr. B. read:
"That your memorialist has established a bank
in the city of Philadelphia, upon the foundation of
his owa individual fortune and credit, and for h'S
own exclusive emolument, and that he is willing
most cheerfully to contribute, in common with his
fellow-citizens throughout the United S'ates, a full
proportion of the taxes which have been imposed
for the support of the National Government, ac-
cording to the profits of his occupation and the va-
lue of his estate; but a construction has been given
to the ants of Congres> laying duties en notes of
banks &?. from which great difficulties have oc-
curred, and great inequalities daily produced to the
disadvantage of his bank, that were not, it is confi-
dently  oe'i-ved, within the  contemplation of the
Legislature."
*               *               #              a               #
That it has been officially declared, however,
hat tne secn.id section of the act of Congress does
not authorize a composition with an individual
banker, be;" use it speaks only oí banks andcompo-
nics, (not of banker and bankers,) and because it
¡■pesslts only of dividends (not of profits) made to
'he s'ockholJcrs, and that hence an individual
b^nker, ac'ins upon a capital of one million of dol-
lars, and issuing bank noies to the amount of one
million oí' dollars, is f ubjsc'ed to the prompt pay-
ment of a duty amounting to ten thousand dollars,
while an incorporated bank, or even a company of
two or three bankers acting upin the same amount
of capital, and issuing the same amount of bank
note?, will only be liable, periodically, to the payment
of a duty amounting to one thousand five hundred
dollars, upen the customary annual dividend often
psr cent."
*                 #                 #                #               m
"And yojr memorialist having submitted thess
considerations to the wisdom of Congress, respect-
fully prays, that tha act of Congress may be eo
amended as to permit the Secretary of the Treasury
to enter into a composition for the stamp duty, in
the case of private bankers, as well as in the case
of corporations and companies, or sj as to render
the duty equal in its operations upon every denomi-
nation of bankers."
Mr. B. had read these passages from Mr. Gi«
rard's petition to Congress in 1814, first, for tbe
purpose of showing the readiness with which a
banker of the old school paid the taxes which the
Government imposed upon his business; and, next,
lo show the very considerable amount of that lax
which on the circulation alone amounted to ten
thousand dollars en the million. All this, with the
addition;! tax on the discounts, and on the bills of
txchang. , Mr. Girard was entiiely willing to pay,
provided ah paid alike. All he asked was equality
of taxation, and that he might have the benefit of
ihe same composition which was allowed to incor-
porated bank?. This was a reasonable request,
and was immediately granted by Congress.
Mr, B. having vindicated his bill on British and
American precedent, as well on reason and princi-
ple, went on to state i's details, snd to show the
probable amount of tbe tax it would produce. He
stated that he proposed a tax of one per centnm per
annum on the notes of twenty dollars and upward ;
