56
CONGRESSIONAL &LOM.
of two per cen'. on the n'fs of five dolían, and un-
der twenty; and four ppr cert, on ihe rot's under
five dollar . Tr>is> be held to b- a m >>e (.¡(derate
tax than that imposed upon the banking interest by
the act of 1813, f r whil- it used the cncnlauon a
little hgher than was done by t*>at apt, jet it tax d
nothing bnt the eucu'auon. The discounts and
the bills of exeh-mge were not included. He jus'i-
fied the higher tax placed en the small otlh for the
same rea on which occasioned them to be more
highly taxed in Greai B nam «hen notes under =£5
were tolera'el there, to w t bectuse those small
notes were more profitab'e to the mikers tnan the
Urge one , and therefore coa id afford to pay higher,
and were more injurious  to t .e country, and there-
fore ought to pay higher.
To collect his tax, Mr. B. said that hi? bill fol-
lowed the plcn that had prevaileu m England since
the year 1815, that is, on quire tie bank?, and
other corporations, and the individuals and com-
panies which issued paper money, to give in to the
clerk of the U nted States distnc court the average
of ihe circulation for the first three qaar ers of the
year, and an estimate of tnc fourth quarter; upon
which the marshal of the district should make the
collection, under ihe instructions of th.3 Sectary
of the Treasury. He held this to be a che..p, effi-
cient, and simple method of collecting the tax. It
avoided all the objections which appl e 1 to a sump
duty; objections so greit that, boih ta England
and America, while the stamp duty was norairally
imposed, a composi'ion so m iderale was perm tied
that the dut/ wao always ompojnded for a gro^s
sum.
The product of the tax wa; the point to which
Mr. B. next adverted He sail the product would
be considerable, and well worth the collection On
the present circulation <f about one hunlrr-d mil-
lions, of which more thsn halt might be a simed
to be undei twenty dol'ar , and therefire paying
the h gher lax, the product would no' be less than
a million anda ha'f oí dollar-. Batthe pajci os-
tein is now in a state oí depression- it has been
vastly contracted within atiat past to make "dis-
tress" for the election of 1840, and will soon swe'l
out again to make plunder tor speculators- la
1837, the circulation was one hundred and forty
millions, it will doubtless expand to that amount
again in the course of the year, it is tun  ftrthe
new expan.icn to begin, and when the Constitu-
tional Treasury is abolished, and all check o/er t'.e
issue of bank paper removed, the circa ation will
probably amount to two hundid ml tuts of doi
lars. The product of the bank tat \ o tld '<ien be
about three millions of dollars,, a respectable sum
in itself, very near y equal to the a -. ot the pub-
lic lands, and sufficient to admit the suppression of
taxes on many articbs of comfort and reces íty.
Having made this exposition oí bis bill as a re
venue measure—is a measure purely and simply
intended to raws revenue from the rroneyed inte-
rest employed in banking, Mr B said there was
an additional feature in the bill which be had not
yet mentioned, and which he should now proe> d
to develope. It was in an annual progressi/e in-
crease ol the tax on small notes— hose under the
size of twenty dollars—wuci he hid inserted in
the Dili, and the motive for which increase he
would now stale The bi I, as alrepdy exphimd
to the Senate, propines a higher tax on the smrll
notes than on the large one^. This w as done on
the fair revenue pnn-iple "Wore stated, and whK,h
was acted upon m £ g'and when the urcuhlitn. of
sma'l notes was ndmitt'd irrre. Bjt in addition to
this higher tax <n such ro e-, an annual moren se is
proposed to be add d to it until tie bo'e
tax amounts to twelve ¡er cent per annum
This increase was n°t intended «olely (or
revenue, but parly to rft ct iha era'iul
suppiession of these r,o>es Th i was the mo-
tive for the increase, and ihe b 11 v, is so drawn
as to present this add tional tat ¡>s a aparate
clause, and as claiming f cm ihe S nate a distinct
and separa e consideration. The provision w,
that notes of five do lars and unde- twenty, -hould
pay one per centum per annum additional tax, and
those under five dolhrs should pay two per centum
per annum additional, until the lax on each
amounted to twelve per cent.   This additional tax,
annuiliv increasing, would gr-dually bear down
these note , an i put in end to their circulation at
the er.d of some years, in the mean time supplying
revenue.    Tm  was me character and object of the
second pari of the bill; and as it was the first time
Hat   a   mea«ure  of this kind  had b--en brought
befoie   the   Senate,   he felt it   to be incumbent
upon   him  to  vindicate   his   proposition, and to
anticipate   a'd   cbvtate   some   of  the objections
which might be mad  to >t     At the head o' these
objections s ood the question of constitutionality—
a qjestion  h ch should bo well considered at the
proposal of ei ery neiw measure.    It might be ob-
jected that the taxing power could not be used for
an mciden'al purpose, ihat it must be confined to
its direct object.   Before answering this objection,
Mr B. «ou'd say tha* there  were five classes of
politic ans m the Unred States, and very nume-
rous classes  too, who could not u e it—who were
precluded by th n principles from us ng it.   These
were.yirjf, all those who admitted the r ght of C n-
gress to regu'atj the  currency gei erally; for as
th< re it as no spoiled mode of regulating it,-t re-
sulted of course tnat Congres-; should use any one
of its ac ualpowprs for that purpose which would
aceornphsn  the object.    Secondly,   all  these who
held it constitutional to charter a National Bank to
regulate Ihe Currency;  for it was e'ear iba' if
Congress,  in the exercise of an implied power,
could invest a company of individuals with th-
power of regulating the currency, it might regula'e
the same currency ,t> If by the exercise of an ex-
press  powei.    T/mdly, a.l those  who deemed it
constitutional to lay duties for the d rett purpose of
pro'eotion, for if it «as consu u íonal to  ban sh
fo eign prodacts in that  way, it was still   roo-e
o'early -o to use the sime power for the suppression
of a domes-tic mu anee.    Fowthly,M those «In  ]
held it constitutional to lav dutiss with a view to
incidental protection, for if an incidental object
em be allowed in one ea-e, it may in another.
lijthlt,, all those who held it constitutional to lay
prohibitory duties; for prohibition was the same,
whether it apolied to one object, or another    Mr
B said, these fi/e classes of po'it'cians were pre-
cluded from making ihe question of constitjtionah-
ty to the second part of his bill; and he believed
these five   classes would comprehend nearly the
whole   of   the   politicians   m    the    Union,    be
believed   that    almost  every   politician   would
fall into one or the other of these c'isses, and not
few would fall into the whole of them, all sueh be
h-dd to b   e '( lie! I-, th u  n-in<' i     i^oti rbj-C
K ' l)  li s  pi  i)   lí m     u        Bet in°re ma., be
oh'is, lit s iJ, not ii elu led m these cla->ses( snd
therefore not pstopped by the r established princi-
ples, and to whom a reply upon the merits is due
That rep y i  ?s brut as it is obv ous, namely, that
where the Constitu ion requies a thing to be done,
an 1 has not specified ihs mode of doing it, Con-
gress may exercise any one of its gran'cd powers
for the purpos - which  is adequate to the obj ct
Tins is the prtnc p'e, and now ior lis application
The Constitu ion requires ihe gold and silver cui-
r^ncy  to  be preserve!,  the small notes   destroy
that currencv, and substitute for it a base paper
money    The Cotisti ution requires gol 1 ard silver
to be ihe only le:?l  tender  in payment ef de^t ;
the small   notes de«.troy  ihat tender, and   make
base p-iper a forced tendel m paymtnt of everv
e\ery rfebt      Here, then, are  two infractions fof
of the Constitution op rited by these small noes;
here  are t/o   consuutional   ¡eouisitions   defeat-
ed by these sn, II notes, here is a twj-ftld duty
devohel   up n   the   Congrcs—first,  to  p event
the-e m'rac ion", «ltd second, to comply with ire->e
rerpu ltiom, a d no wav is pointed out for doing it
fie obvious course then is, to use any remedy tha'
a gnnted power  v. >]\ afford for the purpo e     The
taxing  poier w'1 do t us     ft Kill kill the  mid
note , uhich are killing the C ins ítntnn, ind it is
ab.urd to ihm'i of waiting for aa exprés  pnve   to
put do s-n t'ie«e des royers of tv e Const tunrn, for
t'ieframeis oí th't instrument never foresaw the
evil, they never losesaw the  ex stence of a tuu-
sand   banks, and ten thousand   individuals, all
issuing «rn^ll paper money, and refusing t > pay it
when they pleased, and a great po'mcal party sus-
taining them in their conduct    These are thmgs
notloreseen by the framers rf the Co-s ímtion;
they ate eviK against which specific remedies can-
not be directed, they are evils which mjstcon mue
unless a remedv can be found in the incidental ex-
ercise of a granted power, and to deny this, is to
say that the Constitution cannot be used to save
itself.
Mr. B said that neither the idea of his bill, nor
t' e argument m favor tf it, was original with him.
They had both been Used by o hers long since, and
especially by Mr Galiana ten years ag . Mr.
Gal'atm, in his essiy on currency, in the year
1830, had proposed fh's method of putting down
sma'l notes; aid in an elaborate argument, had
vindicated its constitutionality, clearly -howmg ihat
it avoided the Hamilton an, and came wiih'n the
Jefferssman conso-uction of ihe Constitution. His
argument is too extended U be quot d m full h re;
but some passages from it will show his opm>on,
and exhibit a part of his re -soning     He says-
"We have already adverted to ti,e p«-on> ons o
t'ne CoQ'titution, which dec'are lh.it no Sta e sha'l
eit^T can money, emit bills of credit, m¿he any
thing but g Id and silver coins a tender in paj ment
of deb's, or pass any lav impairing tt-e ob'igation
of contracts, and which vtin Congress the exclu-
] sive power to com money, and to r-eulate the value
thereuf, and of foreign com It was obv.iusly the
object of the Union tocmsolidaie the United States
into one nation, so far a? regarded all their rela-
t ons with foreign countries and that the mternrl
powers of the General Government should be ap-
plied only to objects necessary for that purpose, or
to ihese tew which were deemed essential to the
prospert'y of the country, and tj the general con-
venience of the people of the several Sta'es.
Amingst the o^jfets thus selected, were the p wer
to r%ulaie commere among the several S'ates,
at d ih con'rol over the monetary system of the
c untry "
*            *            *            ^            #             *             *
"Congress has the power 'o lay stamp du'ies on
not^s,, on bank notes, and on any descnp n n of
bark notes. That power his already been exer-
cised; and the daties may be laid to sucn an
amount, and in such a manner, as may be necessa-
ry to effect th1 object mt n'ed. This object is not
merdy to provide generally for the ?ene al welfare,
but to cjrry into eff ct, tn conformity with th* last
paragraph of t^e eighth section of the first article,
those several and evprecs provisions of the Ci nsh-
tuttcn which vest l/i Congre s exc'usively ihe con-
tr I < le" fie monptaiy ts-'esirf tne Unite 1 S ate",
ar.d more par l-ularlj tme w ich imply the ne-
ce sity Oi a tin forncpi e-ci Tn2 exercise of
the power ior that obj e' i- iiee ot ary constitu-
tional objection, pro/iiM 'he dot es thus laid shall
be uniform, and app'ied to tue Bank of the Untied
Sta'es, as well as to the Stat? banks The
ast of laying ard co'leettng th  duties, which
is expressly gran'ed, is alone sufficient to
effect the object. As no appropriation of mo-
ney is wanted for that purpose, the exercise
of power which is required, is purely that of lay-
ing da íes, and it is no! liable lo she objection, that
to assert that the authority to lay taxes implies
that of app-opr.aung the proceeds is a forced con-
strue >on It is equally free of ary objection de-
rive 1 from any piesiimedmeaning ot ihe words "ge-
neral welfare," smce th- power to lay dudes will,
in th s in> arce, be exerc sed, in order to carry mto
eff>c' sev ral express ¡ ri v,m ns of he Constitution,
hav ns the sa'ne o j*a in vi w Conjr ss may,
if it d ems pioper, 1 iy a stamp du'y on sm ill notes,
whie u 11 put an end to ti,e>r c reu ation It may
laysuci a d.ny on all bank n es, aswojldcon-
vtrtall t¡ e oat ks in o banks oí d scoun and de-
po re only, Arm'i ate tV piper currency, and
render a Bink of ^e Unn-d S -1 es unnecessary in
t A.rpnco to h t oLj"".. Bit if tms last measure
shiu'd b- detuned p roicious, o pro/e impractica-
ble, Co gre«s must rt ort to other and milder
means oi re u'a irm- the cnrreuc of the country.
The Bank of th- Uni'ed S a e , as has aneady been
shown, was e labhshed for tha1 express purpose "
Mr B would not go farther mto the constitn-
tiona' question, as it circerned the second part of
his bill, a' present. He held what had been said
by himself, and quoled from Mr. Gelatin, to be
