CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             59
IN SENATE
Monday December 28, 1840.
The PRESIDENT presented a memorial from
the Legislative couticil of th  Territory of Iowa,
asking for the constroiction of a road and perma-
nent bridge on Big Cedar creek, «nd a mil tary
road from Dubuque to (he Missouri line, which,
en motion of Mr NORVELL, v, as referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals
Also, from the same, asking for an an <"ndmei
of the o game law of said Territory, which, on
mo ion of Mr. RORVELL, was retened to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a communication from the D-partment of
State, transmitting an abstrect of íeturns, showing
the number of seamen registered m eich collection
district in the Union during the year ending Sep-
tember 30, 1840, which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
[The total number of sea-i en registered ¡n 1840,
as above, was 8,091, viz r-ative, 7,o91, n?tura-
lized, 140 ]                                                                ,
Also,  a commumestion  from the Tr°a urv De-
partment, m ansaer to a reco'u'ion i«f the Senat o'  i
the 21st inst that the Secretary of the Trpasiiry be  '
instructed to inform the Sera e what sa'es '{ pub    !
lie lands have been made m the S «tie of M ch'gan,
north of the  line dividing  lowa'hps twelve  and  i
thirteen njnh, and w>3t U t^e lm-> di"'d,m; ranges
two and three,  west  of the prmc pal  i. erdan,
which, on motion by *"r NORVELL, vrs 'aid on
the table, a^d ordered to be print d
Mr. CLAY ot Ahbami. p'e^eited a memorial of
ctt zens of Cherokee coun'y, A abarrí';, pras mg for
a modification of the pre-emption lav/ wl ch vas
referred to the Committee o i Public Land--.
Mr TALLMADGE presented the petition of ci-
tizens of Waterloo, r . Y pra} ing the enactment
of a general bankrupt law, w hich wa" referred to
the Committee on the Judie ary.
Mr.  FORTER presented  the petition  of Ros
Willuns and others, piaying ihe pa spge o'anre-   |
ral bankrupt law, which was relened to tuc C m-
mittee on the Judiciary
Mr. WRIGHT pie ente.l ti,e peti'ion of Maltr}
Gelston, execu'or of Divjrt Gcb-ton, which was
referred to the Comm ttec on Chim
Mr. HENDERSOiS" prcsen'ed the memonal of
citizens oí Mississippi, askng for tie e^abl^h
ment of an additional land d strict in --aid St? e
which was referred to the Cirnmiit>e en Pubhc
Lands
On motion by Mr HUBBARD, the p"*i"on of
Hester Hill was withdrawn irom toe fi ts of th?
Senate                                                                       '
On motion by Mr WALKER, tho  petition  and
papers of Joseph Vidal, row on fi e, were referred |
to the Committee on Pnvfte Land Clptm=.               [
Mr. WALKER aiso gave notic*. that to-moi.ow
he would ask leave to introduce a bill re'ative'o
the two per cent, fund of the ¡slítp oí Mississippi.
Mr PRESTON presented the petition tf George
Taylor for indemnity tor French spoliations pr>or
to 1800, which wa3 laid on the table
Mr. PRESTON also presented the petition ot
Col. Rpbert P. Wamwrigh , whuh was referred
to the Committee on Pen torrt
Mr MANGUM prps'ntedthe memorial of he
Council of the City if Washington, remon traimg
against Ihe transfer of th Siock hdd m the Chesa-
peake and Ohio Canal to the Slate cf Maryland,
which was r-ferred to the Commit'ee on Roads '
and Canal', and ordered to be print d
Mr. LINN, from the Cummit'ee on Pnva'e
Lind Claims, to which was reared, a bill to re- |
vive the act entitle! * An act to enab't cla'irants ,
to lands within the limits of Mis'oun a^d tho Ter- i
ntory of Arkansas to institute proceedings to try the j
validity of their claims," approved the 26 is of ¡
May, 1824, and an act amending the same, and
extending the provisions of said act to claimants to ,
lands within the States of Louisiana and Missis- '
sippi; reported the ssuie without amendment            I
Mr. PHELPS, fiom th  Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of Nathaniel Pryor, rep iried tae s«.me w th an
amendmem
Mr. HUB3ARD, fren ihe Committee on
Claims, to .vhich was isfened the bdi for the relief
of Ephraim D D.xon, reported the same without
amendment,
Mr LUMPKIN, from the Coram tee on the
Pott Of ice ana Post Roads, to which was referred
the bu lor ihe relief of John M. Strader, reported
the sam.' v,about amendment
Mi GRAHW presented the petit on of me-
chanics who we e cmplojed on the arsenal in North
Carolit'a, which w s reterred to the Committee ot
Claim
On mot on *y Mr NORVELL, (h* p-ti ions of
ci'izens oí Washington for a renewal ¿nd rcrood -
fita1 ion if the char'er oí said city, now on fie,
were re'ei'-ed iO the Comiiiltee on the Di trie' of
C ilu nb a.
Mr. NICHOLAS, in pursuance of prtv ous no-
tice, asked and obtained leav to introduce a bill
aiithonz ng the L"g slatuie of Louisiana to sell uie
Ian <s heretoTo e appropriated !o  the us* o schoo's
m that S a ", which was read twic , and reicrt 1
to the Commi'iee on the Public Lands
ÍAXÍ   G BANK NOIES
Mr BCN FON saj i wnen the Senile w.s bst in
se> ¡oil, ^e a i ed le^v to introduce a bill to tax
pape is'u s: io whu h it was o-ijected that n was
not constim loml to mtroduc s ch a bul in this
body, pud he had ti ere ore .ísked ard obta T"d
ieive to withdraw it But he noTv wished to give
n tice to the '■ena e, and o tne county, that he
shouid offer thai b> 1 i~. >h  form i f an amendment
to the fir t revenue bill 'o w.Mib. it vas applicaolc,
and in the mean time he would as' leave to have
the mil priii ed a, an amendment He had sttuci
out the title of the bill, and sjmp'y wish d that it
m gbt be pun ;d and Ia>d on the lable, that any
genileman who desired 'o turn h,s atten ion to the sub-
ject, might have the oi ¡lortumt. to do ■-o, and that
gentlemen might not be t?k-n by Mironse
The PRESIDENT n?vir\r s ,i <-<' i\e q te t o i
to  be Srn  te
Mr K! NG 'aid 1 3 pre uiic 1 it was not i ece^-n
• v to sti'c o the Cu ir lift ihe si bjaci-Tat er to
wmch it ,va« intended tu < ffi., this bi'i asan am n 1-
mi-nt, \/as rot jet b tore ch-" cei ate, and theief re
i* c Ui i not be received in th t torm It hid b°en
« ual to r^ce ve -iiid pnrt .imendinents -is r coir
te y to Sena or , but never befo.e 'he pioposii' "i
tiwhuh the pm ndmtnt \ as d sired to b" mat'e
hid b^-en intioi<jced He thought the Sena'or
from Mi sonn was "ot row in order, but that he
woul I havetov.ai en' 1 the iev,.ru  bil to wbi h
it would bate to Le auacfu-d, care ep H>C*ii
Kisg) hii no v sh to pir vent the b II g< m¿ refore
ire conn ry, bn> he desire! thi mey «hoi'd ad-
here to what wa« regu'ai anl proper m their iorm 
of prceedirg
Tne PRESIPENT r marked tiat t'^e sUbj ct
was w th the Senate for decision.
Mr BENTON i d perhaps he could relieve tae
Senate His object was to give no ico to the S^
nate and to the country that he shoul 1 pursue >i>l
subject, a"dat his earliest convenience; that being
done, if gentlemen vould look at ttv subject, 1 e
had ni desire to have f>e amen * r nt prinei
ihoush he had been anx o ^s to avoid taltirg them
by surprise. Ho ' ever, he wou'd noi apw pyess
his motion.                                                       <
COMMERCIAL RECIPROCITY. I
Mr DAVIS presented a memoirai from inhabi-
tants of Newbuiypott, Ma^s praymg for the rep\al
or modifica ion of the act of 29th May, 1830, regu-
lating commercial n.tereo me oetveen the United
S ates and certain British colo aes, ard moved t'iat
it be rcfeircd to the Cooimi tee on Foietgn Rela
tions Be =po e m support < t the prater of the
memor al, but wa i auJible at the Reporters'
desk
Mr WEBSTER had no' been aware ¡hit his
cdipague was about to presen a memorial on th s
most important subj >c, but he desired to say that if
it should go to the Conmittee on Foreign Relations,
he hoped the committee . ou'd consider tho
roughlj and carefully the vvho'e extent, and all ¡he
consequences of that system of policy which they
had been for some years in the habí' of calli ig lh"
reciprocity system. He (Mr. Wee>tbr) was not
then prepared to exp>ess an> opinion whether
when the teciprocity treaty expired, it should be re-
newed, noron other matters in connection therewith,
f   but be d d hope !hat the Committee on Foreign Re.
I   lations wou'd come to no hasty conclusion on this
|   qaestion    He was perfect'y satisfied that tne sub-
ject should take the direc ion proposed; but he only
I   h jped, snd he confidently hoped, that the coramit-
I   tee w^uld rr?-te a large survey not only of this par-
I   l culai relation, bu' oi all 'heconsequences of tbose
I   treaties, vhich have been m existence for the last
| h *een oi 'wenty, it not twenty-five years, many of
which wee entirely destitute of ah the essential
principles of reciprocity.
Mr. DAVIS ha 1 looked at this suoject for some
'me as one whicn was entitled 'o a 1 the considera-
I   t on which his colleague thought it deserve i—for
so„ie vears he had seen the development of facts of
a striking chiiacter     But a few 3 ears ago memo-
uals were presented in  this chamber, from  mer-
I chants ot Ba' imore, í.ettm¿ for h the unequal ad-
vantage^ whi^h thev enjoyed m  the transhipment
of tobacco to Gernany, as one result of a treaty,
to which he now referred, as a sample 01 in   tiea-
I   t Co o    eciprocity whuh, instead ot  affording re-
|   ciprocil advantages, di ove the Baltimoiá niercbams
e.itirely out of  he trade.    He could point out ¡na-
.    ry mo e snch re uits m ihe operiti n of the e tiea
I    des, 'o --ho v the necessity oí ai examination of a
system, a« suggested by hi  colleague, which was
ot very donbtiu! pol cy, as regarded the m'erests
of this country
At Ihe requc t of Mr CALHOUN, Ihe memc-
r al was reaa.
Mv BUCHANAN then «aid, certainly this was
a very imp itant suoject; it wasa request to change
that pc 1 cy of the cou my v/h ch the/ had been ei«
deavormg ¡ocairv i"t<> i 3e< t wuh a1! foreign na-
tions s n e the jear 1815 Thar it was d,«as'rous
in s'ree ie p"cs, pwticjHily m regard to our
(OF'merce w h som3 of 1b3 Fianse Toivns,
e,e to Id be ro elcub, tut why refer it to
1  tb« Committee on    hofeicn   Relations?    It was
II    i -a'jet pecul ?rly relai n^ to tne commerce
and n<tvjgvien o" the rountrj, anl the ques'ion
wa. , how bpva these 'replies oí rtcipncity opera-
ted on those two gT-U mteresis, which in that
body vere exc' 'si ely commi' ed to t^e Commit-
tee un Comnerce1 It was not a subject connected
with their foreign leliuons, exc-p incidentally;
snd be moted, therefore, th¿t it be referred to the
Committee on Ccmm'rce, ivhich was its appr^-
p'i<te refere ce
Mr D 4VIS bad moved n r> ierence to the Corn-
il t ee ( n Foreign Re'ations, because it rcerred to
1 conventional ,aor (>ment ef ihe featv-maKing
I noiVrr be vie  < th*- Bi tish On'oiiet, and tke United
S " ie=. If, Lov'ver, it would more appropnately
go to the Coiirr, tee en Commerce, he «as willing
that it  h mid so hae
Mr CALHOUN said it anpeared to him that, in
the ii-st 'nstanee, it shoul 1 be referred to the Com-
rni tee on Comm-icc, aod, after 'ha' commilt^e had
repor ej, it migh  h' proper to refer their report  to
the Co"nmitfee in F re«i  Relation      This wai
the old subj ct, whiiA the Govern   nt had so long
found it difficult to manage satisfactorily, and he
app'eh-nded it never would be maniged satisfacto-
rily      If  the  difficulties couli be 0/ reome, he
1   siiould rejoice, tor the e was no man on that floor
v.ho or k a deep r interest ihi-n ha did in the pros-
perity, nuvisration aid commerce of the country
i       Mr DAVIS was "satisfied to wabdra v his moi.on,
j    and let t 50 to the Cj n'l.ittee on Comí erce.
i       At er a lew wo'd, from Mr MERRICK,
Mr   KNIGHT sad,  w^jtevf co-nmi'Ue this
1   memonpl might b  e'err^d to, he hoped the atten-
I   t'on of the cimrn tt°e ^ould be drawn to the ope-
1   Hiuuof (lie e u^t es, 1-1' pi-¡cuaily to tne ar-
1   ra gem nt in regard to ihe West Inifia trade, and
I  the effect on tne uale  and   navigation  of   the
I  country      Si   far fs  be  w^s informed, th.   ar-
rangemen'   had   b ei    favorable    to    the     Bn-
I   tish ni/iga'iin, and injurious to our own     He
boli°vel it to be. a fact, now ascertain d, that  the
British ionnae  had great'y increased, and that our
tonnage in  this  trade of the Colonies had  dimi-
nished     In olden times we used  to import mo-
las5e , rum, silt, sugir,  and other commodities,
from the West Indies in onr own vessels, but under
the arrangement,  large quantities of these articles
are brought m Brnt-h ve^els, and mueh from the
