60                                             CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Northern colonies where they are not grown or
manuractured,cl<.arly giving to ihe Bnti h an advai -
tage which we do not possess. He wished tha com-
mittee also to inquire whether the existing arrange-
ment is leoiprocal in its provisions and opera-
tions. He understood that the British vessels are
now allowed to carry certain goods, wares, and
merchandize from this country to the West Indies,
which ours are not permitted to carry, and in this
participar a decided preference 15 given to the Bri-
ti-h navigator over our own. These are some of
the points which it is desirable should be investi-
gated by the committee. Discriminating dutie-,
also, in favor of the Colonies, shsuld not escape
the attention of the committee.
Mr. KING said he would greatly prefer that it
should go to the Committee on Poieign Relation?,
especia'ly if the Committee on Commerce was to
be merely a conduit through which it should pass to
the Committee on Foreijn Relations He was not
unwilling to take any labor that might be necessa-
rily impos-d upon him in the public service,a;
the chairman of th > C smmittee on Commerce; bat
as our foreign relations tequired a re-examinatioa,
it would be bet'er that ¡his subject should n nv go
to the committee to which it m =t u'timately go.
Mr. BUCHANAN turned that it would not go
to the Committee on Pore.gn Relations. Tne
question was, whedier it was advisable to renew
our treaty with Gieit Britain—whether, when
this treaty shall expire, "it sluil be renewed
agai ? These Neivburyport merchants say it
ought not, in their op mon, and why was to de„ide
tha' qu-ftion? It «ould b< necessary to take a ¡>e-
ner l and broad view oí the eilect of this treaty
on the co-nmerce of the coun ry; and to decide
that important qiestion, it should be referred
to a cmmittee acquainted w th the subj ct.
How could the Commiree on Poieign Relations
determine a queMi n re'-peettp  the eiieU produced
on iheir cosumerc? 11 it were sent 10 ihotn, ¡t
would ne cat 10 a commi"er, the members rf
which were suppoied not to have entpred m'o its
consideration at all, while the Commuiee on C< m-
merce, during the en'ire session, were m the daily
considi-rat 0 1 o( question-, exclusively connected
with it, an J iheref re he again hoped it would go
to ih" Committee on Commerce But he had ..no
ther remark. 1Í this .subject was to be invest gated
as it ought, and as i s importance required that it
should be, it cutid not po sible be done sd as to
make a safsfac ory report at the pie-mi s-ssion
They woil.l have to go bat k hr nigh a v n ty
Of sourc s, to av..ei ta n wnat t if ct tl e e reoip ec ty
treaties hul nad o'i our comiivrc-, and ihisinfor-
mation co jld not be collected in the six \\eeks or
two months the Conguss would be in seseen.
And then ih? country must havtime to reflect on
it after ¡1 was collected, and is tl.e exportation that
this memorial v a^ to be sent to a cornm ttee, ih"
members oí winch weie not conversmt with the
subjec', he hnd no htsuaiion in sa;,it g that it was
idle and vain u suppose thoy could acompi^h
any thing thi-> sess-on. He. thought tie Co iimttee
on Commerce might be in po scísiob of inforaia
tion on ihis sulj^ct, and might, therefore, be ab'e
to make a report at ¡he present sess,on, though he
much don  ted; but he was ^att^fied nothing could
grow O't oí the telen.nee to tl.e Commute on Fo-
reign Rela'ions.
The Senate then divided on the question of r?-
fcrence to ire Committee on Commerce, wht h was
decidsd in the afirmahve by a vote of 19 to 9,
Bnd the memona) was ordered to be printed.
_ Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, wh ch "vas considered and agreed t •
RcSvlo d, Trat the Committee on Fore;gn R la-
tions be instructed to írqmre m'o the expe<htncy
of msk ng an appiopnation to pay the ou fit to
Commodore Porter, not provided ior when he was
appointed Minister, resident at Constantinople.
Mr. NOE.VELL submitted the following mo-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
jResoised, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into th; expediency of
making an appropriation to enabb the President of
the united States to negotiate for the extinction of
the Indian titles to the unpurchased lands lying in
the upper peninsula of the State of Michigan.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama submitted the follow-
ing motion, which was considered and agieed to:
Risolved, That the Committee on tha Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the exped'ency of pro-
viding by law for the appointment of a Marshal
and District Attorney for the Middle District of
Alabama.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana submitted the following
resolution, which was considered and pg'eed to:
Resolved That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate a copy of the cor-
respondence between the Department and Ihe Go-
vernor of tl e S'ate of Indiana relat've to the lands
granted in that S a'e by the act of March 2, 1827,
for that part of ih  Wabash pnd Erie Canal wh.ch
lies between the mouth ( f the Tippecanoe river and
the line of the State of Ohio, which could not be
set off to ihe State of Indiana in the adjustment
that took place in 1829 and 1830,in consequence of
the Indian title thereto not be'ng then extinguí hed.
And that he alo lep^rt whit Quantity ot land the
Stat" of Indiana is still en'uled to, under sud act,
for that portion of sa-d canal, and what portion of
the same has been granted to md'viduals as Indian
reservations by treaty with the Minnies
Mr. WaLKER submu'ed the fo.low ng resolu-
tion, which was c midered and agteed to:
Resolved, Tnat the Commute • on the Judiciary
be lnstrneied to inquire into the expediency of as--
svning the present district judge of the Urited
SiMes for the Stale of Mi-sis ippi to one of the dis-
tricts of said State, and of appoint,ng a separate
j'ud?r for die remamittg district.
Tne followi g bills were eo.->s dered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and ordered ¡0 be enjros ed
for a third reading:
A bill gtanung a pension to Lemuel Whi'e.
A bill for the íelief of Margaret Barnes, widow
of Elqah Barres.
A bi'l g'anting a penñ n to Dan i Waller.
A bill for the te ief < f Sa uuej Co'lms.
A bill tor the r. Ii Í of Jo eph B1 sea.
A bill for the relict of ihe  legal representatives
of Richard T Bunk? of th  State of Arkansas.
A bill to authorise the Secretary of War to ad-
just and piy to Benjamin Murphy, of Arkansas,
the value ot lus corn, cattl", and hogs, take.i hv
the Cherolie  Indians m the month of Dec. 1808
A lull for th' rel ei of Joab Seely.
A bul to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to pro-are steam vpssets for t'i" íeveiii-  s rvi<,e.
A bdl il'oairi? d a "'-ii >'t <n ( roijn n<- lin-
dise exponed ir t'i 1 i-.h ; :, ¡ \.¡rn tj Ch hua-
hua .tid tj.ri a P.-, 111 M,. .
_ A bi'l to a rend an a-t r Hilled ''An a t t. an b. -
liz- the Sta e of Ten"e .^e to ismh grants and per-
fect tules to citam lands th rj.n de cribad, ard '0
set'le the claims to the vacant and usstv ropna'ed
lands within the fame," p,-ss<d the 18 h day of
April, 18. 6
A bill for the rehef of Wil'yn P. Rathhone.
A bill fir her to aav nl the act entn'ed ' An act
to provide for taking the six h  census or enumera-
tion of ihe inhibiiai is of the TJuit'd State-- "  ap-
proved VI;reh3, 1S3Í).                                '
The bill making an aipropr ation to complete
the removal <f the rait of R-a river, and for oih r
purpose, was taken up. as in Committee of the
Wl o'e, and, after some rs-maiks oy Mr. KING,
showing the propriety and necessity of its passage,
it was ordered to te engrosé, for a third <eadin 
The bi 1 10 es'ablioh a Bo,.rd of Commi.iiopers
to hear and examine claims against the Unted
State.-, was taken up, ss m C,mm fee of the
Whole, and ordered tc bs engrossed for a third
read n?.
The bill to revirf the charters of the banks of the
D 'trict of ColumVva, being taken up—
Mr. TAPPAN thought they ounht to wait until
they had received some papers that wee ordered lo
be printed on the lubj'ect
Mr MERRICK would be glad, 'hen, if S>rators
who were desirous to enter into the discission of
this bill, would agree to fix an early day for that
purpose.
Mr. TAPPAN would agree with the Senator
from Maryland m the appointment of an early day,
when the papers to which he xeferred were re*
ceivsd.
The bill tó establish a permanent prospectiva
pre emp'ion system in favor of settlers on the pub-
lie lands who shall inhabit and cultivate the same,
and raise a log cabin thereon, coming up in order,
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said he had the honor
to report that bill, and he was anxious to have it
disposed of; but he wished to take no advantage of
Senators, there being several absent from their
seats, and therefore he would consent to pass it by
informally. It was a bill on which he wished to
have a full Senate, that they might all show their
hands on the question of its passage.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, then it would be de-
sireble to assign a particular day for the bill.
Mr. CLAY replied, that a parltcular day had
been named, and it came up this mormng as a
special order; but as the Senate was not lull, he
was willing it should be pissed informally, and it
could be then taken up to morrow, or sny subse-
quent convenient day.
After a few remarks from Messrs. MERRICK,
HUBBARD, WRIGHT, and other , the bill was
passed by informally.
A bill for th? benefit of the Seltm and Tennes-
see Railroad Company being taken up as in Com-
mittee of the Whole—
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said this bi', had passed
st previous sessions of Congress, and therefore it
wou'd not be necessary that he should enter mto
an explanation of lis provisions', unless it were
desired by some gentlemen on that floor.
Mr. BENTON wished to have some further ex-
planation on one or two points. He wi>h°d to
know what progress had been mads in ihi con-
struction of this road, what probability there was
of its=peedy completion, and whether ther  was an
a I quacy of m^ans w.,h those e gased in it. He
had a deeded object on to see the Uni'ed States
forcing on any of ,hevj work , unless it were such
«s could be can ?dspe*dily through—he had 1 o idea
that the United Slates should take the laboring oar
for the carrvi.ifjonany of these works, or contribut-
ing where the work was not going on prosperously,
and where the means of those engaged in it were
made qna'e to its completion; andhe wished, there-
fore, the Senator from Alabama would inform him
what was the state of the road, whether it was in
a state of progress on, whether there was a proba-
bility of lis termination, \t hat were the means of
those engaged in it, and whether they were ade-
quate io its 'urcc-sful aecon-ip'Kbment.
Mi CLAY couid only repeat w'-at he had said
om 0 hei occasions, th't theie w«s n.. sort of ques-
tt n in ng rd to the adequacy of the means of the
company, for mich the greater portion of the
^tock was taken by men of capital and respecta-
bihty m the S ate of Alabama; nor could ihere be
a doubt of the rapid advance of the woik. The
track was laid out, the whole of it was surveyed,
and much of it was graded; and from the com-
mencement at me Alabama river, there were exca-
vations and embankments comp'eted from 30 to 40
mi'es; a- d the road th> n entered a valley where
neither by excavation nor embankment was neces<
sary for some 63 or 70 mile,. Of the importance
of ihe work, he observedthat this road was the con-
it cting link between North Alabama and tho
bay of J.Jobde; and between the Tenne-sec river
ana the waters of the bay of Mob le; and let this
road he opened, and it would open an important
means of commercial transit, both to the S'ate ot
Alabama and the Slate of Tennes.ee, it wou'd
likcwi-e afford the means of rMenc of that part
of our coast, by the rapid convej anee of men and
munitions of war in any emergency, it «as well
known that ihe meansof de"ence of Mobile snd New
Orleans must always come from the upper country
and this company was willing to unltitake the re-
spons.bihty of conveying men and munitions of
war at all times, free of all change, to the vulnera-
ble points He hoped the gentleman was now sa-
tisfied. The work hitherto, under the pecu-
liar eircums'ances of the time?, had progress-
ed less rapidly than could have been desired, but
still it had progressed, and would be completed.
This bul proposed to make no donation—it merely
gave a pre-emption right. The land was of but lit-
tle value; and, it was but right that this company
