CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
should have the advantage of whatever mceased
value they, by their enterprise, gave to the land.
Mr. BENTON inquired whether ths work was
actually going on.
Mr. CLAY repl ed in the affirmative, and the bill
was then ordered to be engre s.ed for a third reading
After a short Executive session,
The Senate adj jurned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, December 28, 1840
Mr. SMITH of Maine, on leav, presented the
petition of J B Glover and others, of New Yerk,
praying for the passase ot a bankrupt law, which
was referred to the Commi tae on the Judiciary.
The following lib from 'he Senate were then
read a first and second lime, and referred to the
appropriate committees, v i
An act granting a pension to Hannah Leighton
, An act to amend an act entitled "An act more
effectually to provide for the punishment of certain
crimes against the United States, an \ for other pur-
poses.
An act to prevent the counterfeit ng any foreign
copper, gold, silver, cr other com, and to prevent
the bringing into the United Siates, or uttering any
counterfeit foreign copper, gold, wlver, cr ethei
coin.
An act for the relief of sundry citi7ens of Arkan
sas, who lost their improvements in consequence oí
a treaty between the Urn ed S ates and the Choc-
taw Indians.
An act supp'ementary ti "An act to provide for
the adjustment of titles to land in the k wn of De-
troit, and Territory oí Michigan, and for other pur-
poses," passed April 21, le06
PUBLIC LANDS.
The SPEAKER announced that the next busi-
ness in crder, was the motion of Mr Reynolds ot
Illinois, to refer a memorial from the Legislatuie ot
Ibat State to the Committee on Public Lands, with
the following instructions
' To report a bill to grant prospective pre emp.
tions to settlers on the public lands, and to rpduc*
ths price to setJers according to the value of :ai'
lands."
Tne qtrstion pending was on the folio? i J
amendment, submitted by Mr W. Cost Johnson
"To reter to the Committee on Public Land?
with instructions to report a bill tD have the pro
ceds of the «ale of ihe public domain divide 1
among tie States in an rqaitable ra 10, to be uhI
by ihe S ates 1er in ernal improvements, educator,
or any other purpose, as may be deemed wise by
the several States receiving said disiribu'ion "
Mr. HUBBARD, bmng en'nled to the iVor,
was about t< resume his rematlts, when he gave
way to
Mr CHINN, who moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on the tacle, but after some corvcr at on, with-
drew it, and moved a r ostponerüt.nt of the subject
until Tuesday week
Mr ALF< iRD renewed the rrotion to \y on the
table, and ike ye ■>« ai d nays beuig demanded, u ct
ordeted, and resu ted as lollows:
YEAS—Mess <= AdSms, A1' rd,Aid;ron Lt n
Banks, Birn rd, Be.rre, Bell, Bond, S'mpson H
Bu ler, Calhoun Ch nn, Obittendep, d'e , Cm
nor, Cranston, Cushnj, Garret DnViS, Diwson,
Ftl more, Plcyd, Formnct, Gar'ani, Gae<, Gil-
ding , Gianni, Griffin, Habersham, Hawi<-, Hill
of North Carolina, Hopkins Hunt, Jaeksoh, Ji -
seph Jjhn^on, ¡Sathannl Jones, Kemble, Melfav,
Mallory, Calvary Morn , Nisbet, O borne, Par
menter, Paynter, Pectc, Picketib, Randill, Retrd,
Saltonstall, Shepard, Slade, Albirt Smit'i, John
Smith Truman Smth, Starkweather, Taliaferro,
Tnplett,Trumbu!l, Warren, Join White, and Wm-
throp—58
NAYS—Messrs [Judión Allen, Andrews, Attrr-
ton, B°atly, Black, Blacktvell, Boardman, Bijd,
Brewster, Bn?g«, Aaron V. Brown, Albert G
Brown, Burke, Wra B Campbell, Carter, C i«ey,
Clifford, Crabb, Craig, Crary, Curtte, Dana, E. Da-
vtes, Deberry, Dellet, Doan, Doe, Do'g, Duncan,
Earl, E'stman, Edwards, Eiy, Everett, Fine,
Fisher, Galbraith, Gentry, Gerry, Goggtn, Goode,
Hand, John Hayings, Henry, Hillen, Hook Hub-
bard, James, Jameson, Charles Johaston, William
Cost Johnson, Cave Jobnsen, Keim, Kempshall,
Kille, Lan*\ Leadbetier, Leet, Leonard, Lowel1,
Lucas, McCiellan, Marehand, Mamn, Mason,
Medill Mi'ler, Mitchell, Monroe, Montan)a, Mor-
gan, Morrow, Newhard, Palen, Pari sh, Pope,
Preati s, Prrffit, Randolph, Rariden, R ynolds,
Rtdgwav, Edward Rogers, Ru.sell, Ryall, Simon-
ton, Tiomas Smith, Stanly, Steenrod, Strong,
Stuart, Su itei, Svednngen, Sweney, F. Thomas,
Waddy Tiiomp'-on, Jacob Thompson, John P
Tnompson, T lhngh„> t, T land, Underwood, Peter
J Wagner, Watterson, Wellcr, Wick, Jared W
Williams, H^nry William0, Leuis Williams, Jo-
sepn L Williams, aad Chustophei H. Williams
—111
So the House refused to lay on tab'e
The que-tion then recun ng on the motion of
Mr Chin"< to postpone all further consideration of
the subjectunhl Tuesday week,
The SPEAKER sugge ted tnaton that day the
Penn*ylvan a c mt«sied election ca=e would come
ap as the special or^er, whereon,
Mr. CBINN modified his motion so as to read
"next Wednt sdny weeU," also that it be made the
special order for hat day,
Mr REYNOLDS opposed the motion to post-
pone He thought gent emen could act upon the
subjtel as well now as any other time If it were
postponed until a later period of the «ession, the
cry vouH then arue, that there vas not nme to
cons.der ¡l
Mr HUBBARD demanded the previous ques-
tion, but there was no second.
The question then recurring on the motion to
postpone until Wednesday week, it was taken and
decided n the affirmative
The question then being on the layer brarch of
the motion, rr akmg the subject ihe special order for
Wednesday week, was uk«n,and denied in the
lies live
So the farmer consideration of the subject is post-
poned until next Wednesday \seek, bnywhich day
it will come up in its order               j ,
NAVY PFNSiONSi/
Mr FRANCIS THOMAS askedjthe House to
go into Committee cf me Whole on the bill reported
by him from the Cemmitlee on Naval Affairs last
week, making appropriation lor the payment of
navy pensions He reminded the House that ihe
money would become die en the first of January,
so that prorpp' re en oi th 1> 11 was absol ate!) ne-
c s ?iy
Mr T thtn mr /ed h t -íc Hou o go i  o Cim-
mi te of the Whole, for th- purpose of tamig up
use bil
Mi. PROFriToij tiel
Mr THOMAS t„phnel th' ureency oí the
bill, after wh ci  ho obj c ion vai w thd'iwn
Ihe Hens' men lesolvod itself into a Co-nmit-
lee   f the Whole on  the slate of the Un on, (Mr
McKay in t e eha r;) an ! took up the ->bove bill,
whieh was  °db, thf C'erk, is fo'low
A BU L cone 'nni" "n\ t p> nsiois and h If pay.
j3" d encele' hj the Cénale a ut Reuse if Represe i-
tatitps of the linked ¡btot^é (f America, in, Covgri s
a'tip ltd, That th< sum (> < ne hirdred ^nd fifty-
on> tm sg^d t"r°e 'iinlrrd < nd fifty two dollars
ind lh'it<- nc o ni5:, bf ai d i^c s Me is hereby,
ippropwttd, to It paid cut ct any more? m ihe
T ea ury not otHer vise .tp ropnafed, for h" piy-
rrenfot pensions and half pay charj?able on the
navi pension turn'
At til  request of Mr THOMAS the Clerk then
rea   the fillow ng docim rt from the Secre'ary of
ihe Navy, " 1 ict iad bet i forwarded b> the Piest-
dent, ni c( mph? •.<•(• van a r-foiution of ihe House
V/VmNC-o-s, Deoember 7 1840
Sir I he'ewi i ttansin t a ktter from the Secre
tary ot thf N^vy, in it'a on to ihe n&vy pension
fund, to whii h the attentn n of C r>gress is inn ed,
and reeomne-'d an immediate appropriation of
§151,3Í2 30 to in et he na^ment of pennons I e
coming due on snl af ¿  tne 1st of Tanuary 1841
M. VAN BUREN
Hen. R M T Huntlb,
Speaker 'flhe House rf Representatives.
Nav? Department, December 1, 1810
Sir  I have the honor to state  that tits wfao'e
amount of money now on hand to pay navy pen-
sioners, is f 18 647 61, and that there will be re-
quired m addition thereto, for that purpose, for the
ensuing year—1841— he sum of $151,352 39, of
which the sum of $51,476 73 will pbe wanted to
meet claims for pensions becoming due on the 1st
day of January next.
Tne sto ks at present owned by the navy pen-
sion fund are
Cxty of Cincinnati five per cent - - $100 000
City of Washmg'ou five p r cent. - - 3! 339
Eank of Washington                                   14 fJOO
Union Bank of Georgetown -       -       -It 4u0
Nominal va'ue      -       -       -       -$158 739
All the^e stocks have greatly depreciated m
value, and «ome of them aie now altogeih'r un-
sateabls The <;tock of the city of Cincinnati,
s anding highest, has been adverted to be sold at
auction on the 15th of th s mr nth, (December,) for
the purpose, in the first place, of reimbursing the
Emit ot America the sum of fifty th u«and dollars
advanced to f'e fund on a deposite of the said
stock, to meet the payment of pensions wh eh be-
came du  en the 1st of July last, and afterwards
to meet, as lar as it may suffice, the payments fall-
ing due on the 1st of January next.
To liquidate these and other claims becoming
due 111 the year 1841, and at the same Ume to pre-
vent ihe great sacrifice which must ensue if the
st( cks belonging to the fund be sold at this time, I
have the honor to request that you will be pleased
to call the attention of Congress to the subject at
the commencenent of its approaching session, and
to recommend an immediate appropriation of the
above named sum of $151 352 39 in aid of the
fund, the deficie icy xa its means of satisfying the
just clai ns ot p nsioners, which by the act of Con-
gress of 23d April, 1800 the pub1 c fa'th was
pi d.ed to sUpp y, hazing occurred
I have the honor to ho very re p ctfully,
Your obdient servant,
J K PAULDING.
To the Pai.siDi.Nr of the United States.
Mr. F THOVIAS then made a brief explanation
of the acts r< lating to the bill He explained that,
by the act of 1800, pensions were granted to sea-
men, officers, and marines in the naval service who
had been disabled, and that, by the 0 h section, a
peculiar modeof paving the^e pensions was pro-
vided, the fund w is tobe domed not from the
sc eia! revenue r f tV Givir  snent, but from the
saL of that porno 1 of the p l/es to which the
United S'ates might become entitled He ex-
p'amed also that, by the 9 h scc'ion, the taith of
the United States wasnUdgeJ, in the event of the
exhaust on 0 the tund, to make good the deficit.
Ihe Stcretarj cf the Navy stated ihat this specific
fund had be^n so far exhausted as D be reduced to
a very sma'i amount m stock', mos' of which
«ere now unsalable, aud he applied to Congress
to make this ap^ropmiion for the purpo e of sav-
ing tiose stocks from sacrifice
Mr T then proceeded to reply 10 an objection
which, he sa d, he an ripi ed would be m?de by
the gentleman from Mas achu'ett , (Mr Adams )
T ere was ,1 ecu rinety oí opinion in the Comm t-
tte on Naval A fairs, ardmi^ht be., Mr. T sup-
po ed jn th s House, as to the con due tion of the
law of 3d Vlireh, 1837, unda-which ihis pension
fund < f 1800 had betn exnausted It would be
seen that Corgres,, by the a t of 1800, bad given
pensions to officers,, ,ea uen, ano mar ne- disabled;
and, as hs had said, by the ninth section, the faith
eif the Government was [ ledged to make good any
deficiency in the fund if it should bscome ex-
hausted By tt-e law ol li*37, and by other
'a N which it was, rot ntressary for him to tefer
tc, aroiher c'ass of persons had been authorized
to apply for these pensions other than t ose con-
templated by the o-ig nal act, and their penMOM
were to rommtiiie feom the time when the iietdest
occurred whie-h gave ori?m to the pensions Under
this act, Mr T expiaiu'd that arrearage had been
allowed of twenty or thirty tears. He anticipated
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Adams]
would assume the ground that the S'ereary had
erred m giving that ccn tract on to the law of 1837.
He anticipated the gentleman would say that Con*
