CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                              69
to those claims which had no right in themselves
to be granted. He was aware of the ntcessiry for
some general legislation of this kind, and he was
sure that if the Senator from South Carolina had
served as a member of the committee with him,
(Mr. Hubbaed,) he would have come toa different
conclusion than he had done. Being desirous that
it should lie on the table until it could be exa-
mined by the new Senators, and its object ascertain-
ed,  he would renew the motion to effect that ob-
J6Mr. HUNTINGTON also desired that it should
he laid on the table, as he was desirous to examino
the bill.
Mr. LINN said this bill had passed at the last
three or four sessions, if he recollected rigrp, when
it was fully discussed, besides being four times re-
ported on—twice by the Committee on Claims, pnd
twice by the Judie,ary Committee; he was there-
fore surprised to find the gentleman [Mr. Calhoun]
objecting to it again, as he had done year after year,
and especially as that honorable Senator had not
offered any measure as a substitute. He (Mr.
Linn) would vote for any measure that would do
more justice to the private claimant, for no systpra
could, by any possibility, be worse than the pre-
sent. Of this he was convinced by their legisla-
tion; and he regretted that honorable Senators had
not seen the disütSíOi the widow.-end childreti
of land claimant , occasioned by the delay m the
disposal of their clauns; for he was sure,if they hid,
they would give to this subject that disposal which
would lead to a speedier determination of private
claims, while a due iegard was not only paid to
the rights of the citizen, but to the nation at lar?e.
He was unde.stood to say that from 1,500 to 9,000
bills of this de>cription were reported in the House
of Representatives during the lasr session; and he
had himself reposed a bill six years ago, which
had not been acted on yet. He did not charge
neglect of duty on any one; but he was satisfied
that, in the first place, this body was two ls rge and
too transient, and m the next place, that it was
too political. The questions involved in these claims
were sometimes of an abstruse character, and it
required time to acquire such a knowledge of and
acquaintance with thrm as was necessary; but
how often did it follow, that, when this knowledge
was obtained, Senators, who held the doctiine of
the light of instruct  , resigned their scats, and
others came in who had to pursue the same courae
of inquiry? For his part, his profession, as well
as his hab.ts of thought, led htm to look at and
regard individual stiüeimg; but the other bide ap-
peared to act like the soldier on the field of battle,
who treads on friends or torn in the pursuit of his
object. The Senator from South Carolina might,
pursue his course of opposition; he (Mr. Linn)
should pursue a different course.
Mr. CALHOUN had no intention to de-
bate this question when he called for the ayes
and noes; and he submitted to gentlemen op-
posite, whether it was proper that this bill
should be laid on ihe table, after a debate on one
side only. If gentitmm weie desiious of a discus-
sion, he (Mr. Calhoun) was prepared to go jmo it.
He was convinced that the system proposed by ibis
bill was not otdy worse than the cj.i-.ijn:; sjstcm,
b'.tt infinitely uorL.-ihat ii wa'i the word thai
could be deviled. Tro Senator fiuin Missouri
[Mr. Linn] had cxpre-.v '1 h,s surp.-i-c that he (Mr.
Calhoun) had pivp:.;™.! nothing a-: a ¡-ubs'itute.
Nov/, had he not ar,a;n and ¿gun made prop s:-
tiona m that chamber,-nd bad nut the fcensicr lion.
Ohio [Mr. Tappan] proposed thüt ih.s bo.Jv si: «id
adopt sime sucn rule a  v. as idopi d by all jiidi. lal
bodies, to regu'ate ease^-of thi-, d -~cr p irn, and to
put a limitation to the .-■ appl'cahon 1 B :t, to sho :<
the evil of the existing r-y.-te: . the clairn.i r/.ttr-.t tc
decided a hundred t-rnts, a,nd set ihey BiigU be re-
newed fiom time to lime. Now there ought not to
he this perpetual renewal of these ciauv.; but «
claim twice presented and twee rejected should not
have another hearing, unless on the alligation
of new testimony that was believed to be im-
portant to the eal e. 11a had made propos;tio'.is
on other occasions to remedy these evils, and to
facilitate the disposal oí" the increasing business
from the new ¡states, which wouid have diminish-
ed the private business at least one-third, if the
proposition had been adopted. Now, without go-
ing into the merits of the present bill, he desired to
call the attention of the Senate to the fact that it
proposed to create two commissioners, with power
vastly superior to that held by the Judges of the
Supreme Court—two men who, though members
of Cengress were not to be permitted to be solici-
tors betore there, yet, as the board would beheld
here iti Washington, and as the commissioners
were to be removable by the Executive at any mo-
ment, an improper influence might be brought to
tear upon them, and they would not be indepen-
dent men. Again; there was no proposed limita-
tion of the cases of which they were to dispose.
Now suih a tribunal never was known in this or
any other country. If it decided against the United
State?, its decision was final; but if against the
claimant, the door remained open to petition
again and again, and ths result wculd be
that the claims would be renewed perpetually,
as they had been hi'heito. They would have,
too, the c'aims for the five millions of French
spoliations of forty year ' standing, if there
were no limitation to the powers ot mese com-
missioners; and, therefore, he was opposed to this
bill on principie; he w?", opposed to it on the pi in
eipie of expediency; he wss opposed to it in every
view in which it could bs presented. But
he did nin now wish to go in'o a discusión of the
bill; he was disposed to let it go without remark,
but he could not consent to do so if gentlemen rose
there, one after another, to make speeches for the
purouse of forestalling public opinion.
Mr. HU3BARD was disponed, too, to let the bill
go, for he had'heard precisely the same arguments
urged the last three years that were urged by the
Senator from Sou,'!. Carohu?; notwithstanding
which, ihe bill had received .!..■ i.i'-fiiabl ■ action of
several past,-ts-ioits. lie was very willing thai
every Sen.-.tor should ¡..a/.> an opportunity to t x-
amme tir- subject; and if no otner gentleman de-
sired to make further remarks, he would again
move that this bill be laid on the table.
Ml. LINN did not r.col'ect any such proposition
of the Senator from South Catolina for abetter
system; and he then discussed some of the details of
the existing practice, and again expressed his opi-
nion that this body was too political fur the proper
oi-posal of the business arising out of these private
claims. When the Tret-soiy was ful', ¡h re \\\v,
felt to b2 less obstruction th.in when tí.'.- lo'.utam
was dried up, when theie appeared u be not only i
an unwillingness to exaau:,e them, but a des't" to
let them go ..-v. r to the next ses-ion, or to si me fu-
ivue time. He wa-t not sure tha. he >va= in orig-
in making these remark.-; and iheiefore, he would
not longer continue the discussion.
Mr. CALHOUN repeated that he had contem-
plated a general rule by which no petition,, after
two rejections, could L; in order.
Mr. MANQUIS! did not wish to be nnder-iood,
by asking for f'.n.-, as bavins; a p'eco:- -n-,-ed '-pi-
nion against thi> bill. He de.-ircd tu río1, into thr
measure, becan.-e it pi-po; ed ;-> rreat and profou: d
chang—a chinde w! e.\ nrdeis it were well
guar ',"<!, >"oulcl be ¡ r 'da 'live oi ;. ,o.-.t •.•■bchief.
He de ¡red now :o v,..y ':..- in .ion ¡-.■■ra th'it wire.:
he in.'-: vhi.-'; f.r-i op—i¡e willed ihe p.sipn. >.-
m".T of in ; *bdl l:> a day certaifi; i-iid lie n.i ,-d
¡VC^mdny v-ek a: that dr-y.
Mr. SEVlKn. «aid li.s was a hill to wh'ch l.e
had givt.:' h:* t ■" -i:->- r-- op.i'-st'ieQ o a oth.v rvc?.-
iions ;>.t1 'o which 1m vas still ivipo-"d. J'c
wi-h.d !■■ call t:'0 iii'r.:tioi) of the Ser<-U3 tj ¡:.e
fact, ihiit tin-, bill piopo.-cl ;'.;•-' esub:>shm.-!i'. of a
b ard O c\ m.at-' i "«'"s to mfcfsid.' t^e purrox.
of íü¡s C.ivcrtiment in :h; fi--po al of c'-uos, ^ ro j
matiei v.-i.^t they mi';ht be, vvhcto,.r i.r Ldi.-.i
c'eprr-rj.-ti'ii-, la".v.l ck-ims, or c'no'r>7:s\ If :..--
¡-■'am wete coiab.^hcd, it would alone have c.:;n>
zrnc'jif claims .'-?a'Ji.-t the Govern oro!, audit
W'.uld then b: aW-le-.r e.fpra.-e to ¡v.vc a Co>i-
^re.'s at ail, b'.-vor.d 'he ¡.i-'re Kece.--5'.n of ur;¡.u- g
to mske such appropnj.¡,"iis as were ti.H'es-aiy tor
the hqui'lation o'f \\\i fikoms wbic'" mp-e crari --
Moncrv íaigh' d'.-oide agftü.st th? Uníif -1 St.Mes. W.
hoped those traitors who had come fr^h from the
people, wosld join the oppopeats rf thio bit;, who
on previous occasions were sixteen in number. If
it were passed, they would adopt a measure which
overthrew much of the legitimate power and juris-
diction of Congress, and gave it to two commis-
sioner ', with an extension of power not only over
this country, but to Europe, and Asia, and Africa,
to procure testimony. The expense of this proce-
dure would be of great magnitude, and after all,
the honorable Senator told them they had the
power to revise the commissioners' proceedings!
But if thev were ultimately to come to this body,
a committee would still be necessary to examine
the testimony in the several cases, for he supposed
the Senate would not be disposed to take it in the
rough; and, therefore, he hoped a bill would not
be pvsod to appoint commissioners to do that
which a committee must do over again. If some
gentlemen would take up less time with tbeir
speeches shout log cabins and other things of as
little value, the Senate would be able to dis-
pose of more real business, and this or any other
bo.ird would be unnecessary.
Mr. LINN rose amidst cries of "Question,"
"GUeslion;" and after a few words of remonstrance
against a \m\i postponement of the bill as calcula-
ted to d.-lay it to the end oí the session, when it
would share the fate which it had met on other oc-
casion--', he sctstgested to the Senate the propriety of
allowing ihe bill to pass inlormally-
After a few words from Mr. MANGUM, the
bill was laid on the table.
On mot o-t oí" Mr. TáPPAN, the bill to confirm
to the S.ate of Indiana the land selected by her for
that pjrtion of ihe Wabash and Erie canal which
Pes between the mouth of the Tippecanoe river and
Terre Haute, and for other purposes, was taken up.
Mr. TAPPAN opposed the passage of this bill.
He .-.no. that in the fi^st se.'t'oa of this bill, it was
prooo-ed to eca-.'.: "Thit there be, and there hereby
i , coulnmed to the Sate of Indiana, the land se-
lecied by Ivr, under the provisions of the act of
second i f March, eighteen hundred and twenty-
ccven, entitled, 'An act to grand a certain quantity
of lurid to the Slate of Indiana, for the purpose of
aiding the State in opening a casal to connect the
water?, oí' the Wabash with those of Lake Erie,'
for that portion of the canal between the mouth
of the Tippecanoe river and Terre Haute, as return-
ed b/ said" State to the Secretary of the Treasury."
This was i;¡ fact a propo.-ition to grant to the State
ol'I'idiau-4144,000'acres •■( land; but to th;s he did
n .t nrr to object, if the grdnt were matle specificai-
1/ to ¿el the contraction oí a canal ceuveen the
p''"u;s i.eetioned; bo:he objected to the passage of
ibis : pi tn the foim ia vh.ci it was prisented. He
men p.-ceeaed to review tne grounds on which this
b.ll a.is urged upon me attention of Congres--, and
the his>'ory"of legWation respcc.ing this cana!. He
said, during the last session of Congress they had
a rq,ort presented to the S.-.na'e from th; Commit-
tee o.r Roads and Canals, which placed ihis claim
on the aivund o; a similar grant having been made
to tt-e-^'a!e of Ohio to complete the canal from the
büüo i..'? hie oí Indian,! to L"ke Erie. Now the
f,'C,s v.p'e theie: the i.r-v rf IS?? granted land to
;.>id the S .ins < f T-duva to open a ean^l to connect
t.v.' w.ii.-r-, of toe Vv',*ha-h wi.h fho--e of Lake
> .!_; a!'., r the pa ,;- g- of ih.:* '.■ ~. thj S a.'e of In-
, ,-,«.;__'jya1""'" paste.! on   the 231  of January,
\'-i')~ ', -riiO'd her !"ui?: '.o th ' '"'in h of the Tippe-
canoi' nver; and the ir-ud w;s surveyed :-.nd s^lect-
c-:, ¡>r_d .i:,-- ■'.'-■inl was c >r;rirme.i to the foot of the
.--'fue-..-■• iL-.;'sis. T,i-i I;-.;' of 1-27 granted to
th- b.?, e a ¡i.d.t it ti.e land ui<J was ne-
cl--.i'V :■';' ii-,: e.v.s.rtniro. cf the canal
v/.'ii.u '.' o £.:■>? &i unió—that i-s, ifora the In-
ri: a h''0 io L".i--:- Kr-t; but for some ica^on
( c .;.'.;!-" i ■' I-idi^na piopo-eJ, in 1834. to cede to
i'.i j. :•- '>f Or:-' ih« ii hole oi the laud ly r.¿ witk-
! ; i ,',:.t J a .•. ; n ihe condition that the S'atc of Ohio
vo.dd iiii'-.c iluit pa it of ike car.ai within hef
t'Oftida'ies. Thi„ pioposiiion w.;.s uca.ded to by
lb.-! 1-'..ik- of Oh'o, but in this í,-.',ree::..e.ií it was ex-
n..''R„-i,' ;.;ipniafcd, that the S.j'.e of Oaio was not
I' b-- bour'd by any locMioti c.irttcinplatfd vvithm
that biatefi'V the proposed canrl, Ira; tvas lo b* at
liberty to make her -a-, ,, inouliiii thr,,iit'lioui. Ohio
rcs'ii.icd lh: ;:e.s..'u:i o i thcj.- terms; but tbeiearose
a dispute bw-l'.vcin th:S::,te of Ohio ap-dile Terri-
