7%
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
his colleage desired its defeat, he could move to ]
lay it on the table, or indefinitely to postpone it.
After some further remarks from Mi. PORTER,
(which, like his former remarks, were totally man-
dible)—
Mr. ALLEN hoped the bill would be   read
Scarcely a word uttered by the Senators engaged in
its discussion had besn heard m that part of the
chamber, and they had no knowledge whatever of
its provisions.
The bill was accordingly read.
The question was then taken on ordering the bill
to be engrossed, and decided m the negative—ayes
16, nays 22, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs. ;Allen, Anderson, Benton, Clay
of Alabama, Fulton, Hubbard, Linn, Mouton,
Nicholas, Norvell, Robinson, Santh oí Indiana,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Wright, and Young—1G
NAYS—-Messrs. Buchanan, Calhoun, Clayton,
Crittenden, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
King, Knight, Lumpkin, Mangum, Merrick,
Phelps, Pierce, Porter, Prentiss, Pres on, Ruggle<-,
Sevier, Tallmadge, Webster, and Williams—29.
The bill to revive and continue the acts incorpo-
latmg the Banks of the District of Columbia was
taken up, and, after some remarks by Messrs
MERRICK, TAPPAN, and CLAY of Alabama,
was made the order of the day tor the 8th oí Janu-
ary next.
The bill granting a portion of land m the State
of Indiana for the extension of the Wabash canal,
which was partially diicussed yesterday, being again
in order,
Mr. TAPPAN rose to reply to the remaiks of
the Senator irom Indiana. He said this cl.u n « as
advocated on two grounds : first, that the State of
Indiana ought to be allowed, by the law of 1827,
to correct the location of her can&l, the piesent ter-
minus, not being sufficiently low for rivet naviga-
tion, and the other was, that Congiess having al-
lowed to the State oí Ohio the privilege oí extend-
ing her canal from ihe first location from the foot
of the rapids of the Maumee to Maumee bay, and
having given to Ohio the land on each side of the
canal, ot two and a half miles, as by the act of
1827, the same right to extend the location of the
canal, and the «ame grant of adjoining laud, ought
to be ceded to the State ot Indiana. Now, he
did not agree with ihe Senatoi irom Indiana
m either ot these positions, though he agieed with
him that Congress might properly make a grant ot
the land for the extension of the canal for ninety
miles, from Tippecanoe river to Teire Hiule, it it
could be shown to be expedient so to extend that
ranal, but he did not believe the act oí 1827 would
bear the construction w hioh the Senator fiom In-
diana gave to it When it was found that Con-
gress-had ¡old some o' the land wuhin the five
miles originally granted, and Confess hi 1 made
up to the State of Indiana the quantity thus taken
he behoved there was, an end ot that gram it was
a grant made and executed between the Govein-
ment of the United States and the State of Indiana
and then there was an end of n, and the State of
Indiana had now no right to claim under the act
of 1S27. The  as to the claim that a. similar
grant had bei-n nude to the ¡state of Ohio, he re-
ferred to a documcu ot the thud *-os-ion of the
twenly-fifdi Congress, containing a number of pa-
pers concerning tins chim—to ihe opinions
of the Attorney General, and of the Commission-
er of the Land Oftice, ,md the picsen* Solic-
tor of the i'reasu*y, the whole oí uhich, he said
were given on a misconcep inn of the f ct^'
Mr. Bircnard ¿lone understanding iheii, whose
opinior-, iherefoic, nece «arily differed from the se
which had b<-en referred to b/ the Sena'or irom
Indiana In uppon of this a cmon, v.h,ch he
apprehended '■orce guuleuun mipH consider a
string one, he ctered wi h 'ome m.nntenc s of
detail into th" progresión of the work, an 1 the au-
thority by which it was a^oirnUshed, to 'low that
it was erroneously alleged 'hat tK e v a~ moie
than one loca'ion of ihe canil w lh" State >t Ohio
which was made by the onlv enmp !fn{ au'honty
of thr State, and CcBsequeml; lr>-> i vmcit (1 tne
Senator from Indiana, foumded on ¿ e1 <. isje from
an original line, and an extension of ti^ canal be
yond the limits ofStanibury's survey, w3s not Well
founded That which was called an extension to
the Maumee bay, was in fact an origina! locador;
and yet on this singular error, the Senator from
Indiana based the report wnich he presented to
Congress during the last session. On th s branch
of the subject he (Mr. Tappan) desited to be per-
fectly understood, for the gentleman ficm Indiana
had expressed great surprise that a Senator fiom
0*iio shou d undertake to oppose this bill Why,
0 ao was interested m this work, for tne extension
of this canal would increase the business on the
canals of Ohio, and for this reason he wns in favor
oí the grant of the land, but he wished it to be a
direct and honest grant—he was unwilling that the
Senate should be imposed upon by any s atement
tint was rot true The hypothesis was, tnat land
had been granted for an extension of the cinal >o
the State of Ohio, and thcreiore a smi'ar g>ant
ousht to be made to the State of Indiana. Now
there had been no such grant to Ohio, he conceded
lhat Government had been liberal to the S a'e ol
Ohio, but whenever that State a«ked for any thine",
it vrns a«ked for openly, fairly, and honorably, and
not because ce sions had been made to sistei Steles
If the Senator from Indiana would brn g in a bill
to grant this land, he (Mr. Tappan) would give it
bus. support, othexwise he must press hi;, motion to
refer ba<k ihis bill to the committee, with instruc-
tions to repor1 a giant.
Mr SMITH said the Senator from Ohio was
mistaken as to the gro'ind he (Mi Smith) had
taken, he denial ihv he hod adlncul gians of
land to the Slate ni Onio as a ¡eason why thugiai't
s'iould be made to the State ot indi mi, he had
men lv lntiodnied th t re en nee to sh w ehit thi
giant vvoill' not b.3 Ihe election ol a precedent—
such piecedeiits having been already cr-a,tc'
He proceeded at some length to defend his original
arguments, and to sustain his array of facL, afta
winch,
Mi. TAPPAW briefly rejomel
The motion to recommit was negatived, and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed foi a third reaeU.ig.
Alter a shorf Executive session,
Ihe Senate adjourned until Monday next.
Wa-ipngton City, Jan 1, 1841.
Messis. Uuia anel Rives In tne Globe or yes-
teiday, you report the proceedings m thecenue
upon a bill to give certain lands to tne State ol In-
diana, in which report the remaiks maele by me
are strangely misrcprcented. ! said > the bill was,
in substance, agr<mt of 288,000 acre, of land to
aid the Sta*e in making a canal i*om the mouth of
Tippecanoe river to Terre Paute, undei tne
pretence of an extension oí the W&b ish <ind
Maumee canpl from the foi raer ii the bí-
ter point, under the auihoiity of the tct of
1827, and beopu e a similar giant oí land rad
been made to the St,>te of Onio, upon her
extending the north end of tie c tal fiom the
foot of the Maumee rapids to Maunc bt>)
tint I was not opposed to a grant being mad<
to Indiana of tie land asked foi, it it wc-
made at a direct grant, but I was opposed to thi
bill, for it placed the c'aim ol Indiana up m
fpl'-e positions. The first posi ion was, trial
the/ had a right to extend their canal fiom
the mouth of Tippecanoe river to Ti if llau e,
wuen in lact thev bad treated thcr cpnal trim th 
cast line oí the State to the Tippecaioc, m 1821"),
and had lee ivrd Irom the United Sia'es A\
Ihe l.md they claimed tinder the t of 1^7
in the year 1830—'h-tt i did not b 1 eve. the act
of io27 admittted the coristiuction now attempted
to bepiven it, tor if Indian t, in 1S3G, uas perm t-
ted to extend their ciaal 90 mil , and v¿im
288,000 actcs of l?rd to make if, <ht m tht «> en
extending it, from lime to t me, to ihe -ion h oí the
Wabash. I believed the act allowed o but
one location, which had been maih m lb29
lhat ti e second posi ion wii ¡¡.till n,i e emtcna-
Lk, it as umed tuatihe Stir  of Oto hi t located
her part oí w canal from the Indi "id. line to thf
foot if the Maumee rapids, selected and received
her land une'er tin  location, and years afterward,
ecíeneieeí her location fiom the loot oftberspd^ to
Maumee bay, and made a new selection of land
upon this   extension,  and   rcrei.ed it from tne
United States. Now the fact was, that when
Indiana ceded to Ohio the land in Ohio, which,
by the act of 1827, had been g.ven to make
the Maumee part of the canal, no location of
that part of the canal had ever been made. Stans-
bury's survey, which, as to the Wabash part of
the canal, had been aelopted as the line of canil m
Indiana, was never recognised by the State of
Ohio, and that but one location of the canal had
evei been made by Ohio, and that was made by
fie boa'd r-f publ.c works m 1836, and extended
from the line of Indiana to tne Maumee bay."
This is the substance of what I said.
Your Reporter mistakes the q lantity of land.
" He did not object to the grant of land if made
specifically to a d m constructing the canal, but to
the form ol the gran'," msieadof 'Lut to this he did
not rise to object."
Instead oi "irom tue boundary line of Indiana to
Lake Erie," say, from the foot ot the rapids of
tht, Maumee to Maumee bay
Instead of "ihe ^io.it was confirmed \o the foct
cf the Maumee rapids," say, heated her canal from
the State line lo th? mouth of Tippecanoe river,
and selected and received her lando m 1830 accord-
irg lo such location
i'lie winds "an application wa  accordingly
made to Congress for the land selcc'ed, and
Congress made the grant as desired," are not mine.
I exjresaed no s.ich Kka.
Ihe «.oí Is "(vnich wa> double the quantity on-
£tn„ily set down," aic iione of my using
Unlor'unately for me, your Reporters nave made
mc utter mco nonsense than I am witling to father.
Your ,                            BEVJ. TAPPAN.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Tmttspo, D cemoer 31, 1840.
The SPEAKER, lam before the House the fol-
low inp; communications
1. Prom the President of the United State?, trans-
muting a report from the Secretary of Stale, m
compliance with 3. resolution of th  House of the
23d msiant, calling upen him to communicate, "if
compatible with the public lH'ereots, copies of all
Ihe correspondence between this Government and
the Government of Grp<it Britain, relative to any
proceeding on the part of that Government which
may hav e a tendency to interrupt our commerce
with Chin .
2   Fiom the1 Secretary of State, m compliance
with the provisions el the act oí March, 1799,
cotnmuntcati.io "an ab tract of all the returns
made to that Dei a'lnient by the collectors of the
customs, pursuant ¡o tne act of th-< 28ih of May,
1796, for the re'iet and pro'eciion of American
¡>e«mtn, showing, o f*r ¿.i si.d rete ras have been
received, tht nu nber of seamen regisiered m eacn
port of entry in tne Umted States duung the year
commeneind on the 1st o£ October of the 1  st, and
ei din¡, on the 30th of Stptember of the present
year "
3   From the Treasury Department, m íeply to
the re olut on of the House of the 17th instant,
respecting the condition of thecus'om-house build-
ings at rruhd<- nhia.
4   From the Pre-went of ihe United S'ates, trans-
mitting a report fiom the Secetaiy of Sta e with
ace >mpanyi!ie pa it , in answer to a resolut on of
t'is H u e, c 'ling foi information íe'a'ive to the
BUnSINfcr Ol  IHE Sir; AMBO AT CAROLIIS: E
Ti.e t bove eommunicatioi s were severally re-
ferred, and ordcied to be pn ttd
Also, ,he following letter from J. C. Rive, on
th' subjLCt of ill' pimtu "*
ÜLJ5'   OiTiCC,  WasiiInOTON,
Dec mb i 30, 1840
Sit It is ki o < n t > yo •, <md to ihj o'her ro^m-
bc-s í the il r.se if Re.nesen'.iuves, that Francis
P Blair and my ell were olecttd printers to the
House ii Ja.it <<iy l<u.< Uneki ihis election, I ex-
pected tnat (U the prm ia^ for ¡lie House during
the Twe'tty-sitan Coi gres , uould b  sent lo us to
execute, ard as I oinennUnd il at branch of our
business, I engaged men, ? id p-ovided materials
tfficient to do it em at !e„,i the cuctomary de-
spatch I e-siii^o nifit ,e 'onlay that the Clerk
oftheHo'ie had sent a very laige report lo the
Statiojw" c   ,.« Hou e, to be prm'cd by him, and
