Í6                                              CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Ben'oo, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon, Faltón, Gra-
ham, Henderson, King, Knight, Linn, Lumpkin,
Mangum, Merrick, Montón, Nicholas, NorVoll,
Pierce, Preston, Roane, Robinson, Ruggies, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon,
Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker, Wall, Williams,
and Young—37.
NAY—Mr. Porter—1.
Mr. MANGUM then moved to amend, by ex-
cepting aliens from the provisions of the bill,
•which was advocated by Messrs. MANGUM and
CLAY of Kentucky, aad opposed by Messrs. BU-
CHANAN, CLAY of Alabaran, and BENTON;
and the question on its adoption being taken, it
was decided in the negative—ayes 12, nays 30, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Dixon, Graham, Huntington, Knight,
Mangum, Merrick, Prentiss, Preston, and Rug-
gies—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson.Benton, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Hender-
son, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Moul«n,
Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, IVrter, Roane, Robin-
son, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smrh oí' Indi-
ana, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker,
Wall, Williams, Wright and Young—30.
Mr. TAPPAN then moved to amend, by pro-
viding that no person should be permuted to avail
himself of the benefits of the bill more iban once;
■which was agreed to without a division.
The bill was then informally passed over,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, January 4, 1841.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communicatioKs, which were severally laid
k   upon the table, and ordeictl to be printed, viz:
I       1. From  the Secretary  of the Treasury, tr.ms-
f   milling a report from ihe Commissioner of the Ge-
neral Land Oflice, relaiive to the operations of that
office during: pans of the years 1839 and 1840.
2.   From the Comptroller of the  Treasury, m
'obedience to ihe act of 3.1 ol March, 1SD9, "fur-
ther lo amend ihe several  acts lor the adju-tmenl
and regulation of the Treasury, War, and Navy
■X Departments," and of trie act ol 31 March, 1817,
'3*lo provide for the prompt sea!cm r>t of public ac-
counts, transmuting a list of the balance* standing
on t!ie b.oks of the revenue, «inch have remained
unsettled by collectors of ihe customs and oifer-',
which have been due more than three years puoi
to i he 30lh of September, ltí.'íü.
3.   From ihe Secretary of ihe N->vy, (r.ir.smit-
ting, in obedience to Ihe act of 3,1 M/it<h, ¡83'), an
abstract of disbursements under th • hi a.l ot Con-
tingent Expenses of t'uo Naval Esta'.ili-htnerit,  •.
settled jnd allowed at the oflice of the Fourth
Auditor of the Treasury, from lire 1st day of
October, 1830, to th.* 30 h of September, 1840, in-
clusively.
4 From the Secretary of Stn'o, tra*is:.i:tfii>g a
list of the clerks employed in ¡¡is BepaiU.rnt dur-
ing the past \ear, and th.' crmpons-atu !  < f each.
5.   From the Sicie'ary of War, t>.i«sM>t:iina, in
obedience lo the modified resolution of ihe lioti.e
of Represeiuaiive3 of the 23! of December l.,st, a
report of the Chief E:n.inie¡, and ^l lb. ' C. bwil
of Topographical Engineers, lelNive t,< the sus-
pension of operations at the public ""'oiks o  the
borders of the Western lakes and od the Cumber-
land Road.
6.  A letter from the Clerk of the IJoirc, as fo1-
lows:
To the honorab'e the Hov.se of Beprce<\tu'.ivrs of the
United Stales:
I was not in m> se*r wh"n a 1, t'er f'om.T. C.
Rives, cue of the Vt'in'e *■ lo ihe iio-se <■( R-prc-
senlalives, was laid b •lo'.-' the. 'Toute. A.. ' lean
from a repot oí the pror eJ..,gi o." til-; fli.iii?,
that that idler had be. n itft.-r.fi t > a c iir.' i <.e. 1
will merely sií_u-, iba I br.v  sen: no ",10011 \« ¡he
Stationer of the House, to be printed ¡ y him," ¿or
any other document, thai couM be claiu.ecl bv the
public Printer; that the "other persons paid for
printkg," as found in my report in the contingent
fund, were so paid, under an order of the House,
direc'ing me to have the printing done, before a
a public Printer was elected; ane[ that, by a special
written agreement made by Messis. Blair a;id
Rives, docuraenls of the last session, sufficient for
the use of the members, were all to have been
bound and delivered by them, at the beginning of
present session.
I learn, further, from a report of the proceedings
of the House, that to the motion of reference, an
amendment was offered, instructing the committee
to "inquire whether the Clerk was interested in the
conlract with Lsngtree and O'Sullivan, and the con-
tracts with Langtree." Regarding this as an inti-
mation that I have, by indirect and covert means,
appropriated to my own use a poriion of the public
funds entrusted to my care, I cannot let it pass
wilhout notice.
Had the amendment been adopted, and inquiry
made, I should have regarded it as an act of kind-
ness; but having been introduced and then with-
drawn, it might seem that I shrunk from the in-
vestigation.
When a similar charge was made sgainst me at
the last session, I immediately asked an investiga-
tion. A select committee was appointed with full
powers to send for persons and papers, and to "in-
quire inlo all matters of fraud", all considerations
of economy, and all other matters and things, in
relation to contracts made by the Clerk of the
House."
I wps early informed by a member of that com-
mittee, that ihey considered the charge of fraud as
altogether frivolous, and would proceed to investi-
gad the other subjects referred to them.
1 have no knosletfga of the cause why th--y did
not report at the last session. I hope it will be
their pleasure to do so the present session, and
make known the results rf their inquiry as to all
the matters referred to them.
But sines the question of fraud and underhand
intere>t hiis again been revived—thrown out asan
intimation, and left to work its insidious influence
on th-j the public mind, uncontiadicteJ, 1 here
as;ert, that I have not now, nor have I ever had,
the remotest interest in any contracts nrrle in my
official oap.-ciiy: and that not a solitary stiver has
ever come into my packets as an inducement, or
11: consequence of such contracts.
All my official acts have, been rp n and above.
board, and I am willing shall be known orall men.
No member of your honorable b dy has a hegher
sen-e than I have, of the duties of a public offi-
cer, and T would scorn a secret pur'ennng of the
Tieasury by indirection and Mibteif'u.20, as much
a.. ! would an optn and dirt of pinbrnvleinent.
1 Iherefoie ask your honorable body to cause
inquiry to be made by 3 committee, whether Ihe in-
titnat'un of my being interested wi-h Messrs.
Lingtrec and Cocillivan, S D. L'ngtree, or any
one el-e, 111 any contract made ¡a my official car a-
cily, or m any manna' whatever, be true or false.
All of which is resp'ctfully subnniltei.
HUGH A. GARLAND,
C'erk House of Representatives.
[John C. Tíivj. s hps re?d the above letter of the
0'ieik of ihe Horse 0' Repirseii.alives: and as the
s object is us w befóte a [committee of ihe Hon-e,
he dorms it improper, or impolitic, for him to say
ms re a; this tinv, than that it is his earnest de-nrc
r. at t'ie Commute.1, should proceed villi the Hives-
tb,.xtion n-'' * on is possible, .ved decide who is in
die wong, the 0'u.lc or himself. Fie would here
beg l,a< c to add, wdb dee deference, tb«t he still
lias n'ore co'fidence in his own e -es, than he has in
the Clerk'*, letter.]
Mr. MORGAN moved that it be laid uprm the
J    tib'e an>l piinted.
i Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, Ihcught the proper
eour.-e would be to reier the communic.st.on of the
: C'erk to Ihe same S-lect Committee who h'ive un-
j dor crnsjders ion ihe le f-r of Mr. Rives. Mr. D.
¡   i:m!c a motion t.* tnit effect.
Mr. MORGAN saw no necessity for referring ii
to a S k-el Cammitlee. lis hoped it would be kid
< 11 the table.
Mr. JAMES GARLAND hoped ihe gcntlemnn
from New York would withdraw the motion to lay *
on the table.   He (Mr. G.) was in favor of an in-
vestigation. From an amendment offered on a
previous day, an impression, was likely to exist in
the public mind that the Clerk had been interested
in the contracts; but if there was no foundation for
such a charge, as a matter of justice it ought to be
made known, and the impresiion removed. He
hoped, therefore, that the communication of the
Cleik would be referred, so that if there was n
ground for the implication, ii might be made mani-
fest.
The motion to lay on the table having prece-
dence, was first put, and elecided in the negative.
The question on the motion of Mr. DAVIS was
then put, and it was agreed to.   So the communi-
cation was referred, and ordered to be printed.
PRESENTATION OF PETITIONS.
The Slates and Territories were then called for
petitions.    They were presented by
Messrs. ANDERSON, PARRÍS, and CLIF-
FORD, of Maine.
[Mr. Cliffjkd presented the petition of Wil-
liam Trafton and others, of Sbapleigh, Mains,
praying for the passage of a bankrupt law.
Mr. J. W. WILLIAMS, of New Hampshire.
Messrs. ADAMS, LINCOLN, BUIGQS, and
REED, of Massachusetts.
Messrs. TRUMBULL and BOARDMAÑ, of
Connecticut.
Messrs. FLOYD, STRONG, PRENTISS,
HAND, FILLMORE HUNT,MORGAN, MON-
ROE, BARNARD, MARVIN, HUNT, DANA,
EARL, MONTANYA, LEONARD, aad CHIT-
TENDEN, of New York.
[Mr. Strong presented a petition of sundry in-
habitants of Séneca co. N. Y. praying the passage
of a general bankrupt law: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.]
[Mr. Earl piesentc-d a petition of O. B. Brack-
et, and other citizens of tiie county of Onondaga,
in the State of New York, praying to have Con-
gress enact a bankrupt law: referred to the Com-
mil'ee on the Judiciary ]
[Mr. Hunt presenied the memorial 633 citizens
of Troy, N. Y. asking the passage of a bankrupt
law: referred to the Judiciary Committee. Also,
the memorial of 172 citizens of the city of New
York, asking the pas-age of a bankrupt Ian: re-
ferred to the Judiciary C •mmit'ee.]
[Mr. Leonard presented the petition of Hugh
Stewart, prajing to be indemnified for losses sus-
tained by him under a conlract for macadamizing
the Pennsylvania avenue ]
[Mr. Montanya presented petitions from citizens
oí New York and Brooklyn, praying the passage
of ,1 sencral bankrupt law.]
Mesrs GALCRA1TH, NAYLOR, WAGE-
NEEl, TOLAND, and McCULLOCH, of Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. WORTHINGTON, of Maryland.
Messrs. BEÍRNE, SAMUELS, ÜOQGIN, and
McCARTY, of Virg:nh.
[Mr. Gouciin presented the petiiion of John Mur-
ehiso'i, of the county of Campbell, in Virginia,
peajing compensation for revolutionary service':
referred to the Comr.nt'ee on Revolutionary Claims.]
Mr. SHciPARD, of North Caro'iua.
Mr. PICKETS, of South Carolina.
Mr. DAW?ON, of Geouiia.
Mr. TUKNEY, of Tennessee.
Messrs. MORRIS, GOODS, PARRISH, WEL-
LES, and. G1DDINGS, of Ohio.
Mr. CH1NN, of Louis.ara.
Messrs RARIDEN, LANE, PROFFiT CARR
and DAVIS, of Inao-m.
[Mr. Davis presented the petition of Elizabeth
D¿vis, widow of Charles B. Davis, ofthiscitv
praying compensation for property destroyed by the
British during the last war, in the City'of Wash-
ington.]
Messrs, STEWART and REYNOLDS, of Illi-
nois.
Mr. JAMESON, of Missouri
Mr. CRARY, oí MicSigm.
Mr. DOWNING, of Florida.
Mr. DOTY, of Wtsk-nsan.
Durmg the presentation of petitions, Mr. HUB-
BAfiDasksd leave to introduce a bill makins it
¡be duty of tne President and the heads of the seve-
ral departments, to remove from office any persons
