82
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ranney; which, as a bill had been already reported
for his relief, was laid on the table.
Mr. L. also presented the petition of Littlcberry
Sublette; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. PRENTISS presented the petition of citi-
zens of Hardwick, Vt. praying for the abolition of
slavery and the slave trade in the District of Colum-
bia and Territories of the United States; the mo-
tion to receive which was,
On motion by Mr. KING, laid upon the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of New York, praying the pas-
sage of a general bankrupt law; which was laiJ on
he table.
Mr. W. also presented a memorial numerously
signed by citizens of New York, remonstrating
against the passage of a bankrupt law similar in
its provisions to the one passed at the last session;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WHITE presented the petition of a number
of settlers on the public lands, praying that pre-
emptions may be granted to lands settled aad culti-
vated by them; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. LINN,from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of trie heirs of
Madame De Lusser, and their legal representa-
tive?; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. L. also, from the same committee, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration cf the
petition of Richard Higgins, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Public Land?; which was
agreed to.
Mr. L. in pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide
for running and marking the boundary line of a
tract of land reserved for the half breeds of the
Sac and Fox tribe of Indians; which was iead
twice, and referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. L. also, on leave, introduced a bill autho-
rizing the Lfgislative Council of the Territory of
Iowa to extend the jurisdiction of justices of the
peace in said Territory; which, after some remarks
by Mr. SMITH of Indiana, was laid on the table
for the present.
Mr. L. also, on leave, introduced a bill to aid
the Territory of Iowa in completing a penitentiary
therein, partly erected; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. L. from the Committee on Agriculture, to
■which was referred the petition of the widow of
Dr. Henry Perrine, reported a bill for her relief;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. L. the Committee on Agri-
culture was discharged from so much of the peti-
tion of Dr. Henry Perrine as related to indemnity
lor Indian depredations, and it was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. WALKER,from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill relinquishing
to the State of Mississippi the two per cent, ac-
cruing upon her admission into the Union, reported
the same without amendment.                                \
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petitions of Thomas S.
Clark, and the petition of Zadoc Smith, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration thereof;
which was agreed to.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
claim of the heirs of George Simpson, and that it
be referred to tb.3 Committee on Finance; which
wgs agreed to.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, to which
memorials on the subject had been referred, re-
ported
A bill fur the relief of the legal representatives
of James Williams; and
A bill for the relief ef Adam D. Steuart; which
were severally read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. GRAHAM, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to cause monuments to be erected to the memory
of Brigadier General Francis Nash and Brigadier
General William Davidson; which was read twice
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. NORYELL submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War communi-
cate to ths Senate such additional reports as have
been received since those formerly submitted, in re-
ference to the construction of the Potomac aque-
duc'; and also, such further information as he may
have in reference to the kyanizing of timber for the
use of said aqueduct.
Mr. YOUNG submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law for the vacating of the military
reservation by the United States, of Rock Island in
the State of Illinois.
Mr. STURGEON submitted the following res <-
lution, which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be re-
quired to inquire into the expediency of granting a
pension to Margaret Miller, Elizabeth Whiteman,
and Martha Climer, and report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution
fer consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to send to the Senate a statement of the number
and kind of United States troops stationed along
the Western frontier, from Fort Snellirig to Fort
Jesup, and whether in his opinion a military post
between Fort Leavenworth and Fort Wayne, on
the borders of Arkansas, be not important to the
protection of the State of Missouri, from Indian
incursion and aggression.
Mr. PORTER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform the Senate in what cases the
payment of undisputed claims, arising under the
treaty between the United States and the Stock-
bridge and Munsee Indians, ratified on the 16th
May, 1840, has, on presentment at the Treasury,
been suspended or delayed, and the cause or causes
of such suspension or delay, and particularly that
he state such cause or causes in respect to two
claims, of $675 each, in favor of Mead, Kel-
logg and Co. of Detroit, Michigan, assignees in
part of Robert Konkapot and John T. Hendricks.
BILLS ON THEIR THIRD READING.
The bill for the relief of Clemens, Brjan and
Company;
The bill for the relief of the Plumb Island Bridge
nd Turnpike Company;
The bill for the relief of John Moore; and
The bill in addition to an act for the relief of
Walter Loomis and Abel Gay;
were severally read a third time, and passed.
The bill to refund to Noah Miller, and others, a
part of the proceeds of the sale of the British
sloop Mary, and cargo, which were captured by
them, and libelled and sold for the benefit of the
United States, was, after some remarks by Mr.
HUBBARD, laid on the table for the presenr.
The bill making compensation to the Stale of
New Hampshire for the services of her militia,
coming up on its third wading—
Mr. CRITTENDEN desired some explanation
respecting this bill—he desired to know what act
of hostility had justified the expenditure here
claimed.
Mr. PIERCE said he had hoped that this bill was
to encounter no further opposition, and he trusted
still that it might find favor even with the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden.] From 1790,
when the first settlement of that portion of the
State of New Hampshire known by the name of
Indian Stream, was made, down to 1832-3, no ques-
tion of jurisdiction was ever raised—it was exer-
cised by ths State uninterruptedly. Afterwards,
by arrangement between this Government and
that of Great Britain, the long pending controversy
between the two countries, in relation to the North-
eastern boundary, was submitted to the arbitration of
the King of the Netherlands, who decided in favor
of Great Britain; and thus took from New Hamp-
shire a eonsiderable portion of her territory, over
which she had exercised unquestioned jurisdiction
from the earliest history of its settlement. This
award, it was well known, after considerable time
had elapsed, was set aside by the United States and
Great Britain. Whatever doubt might at any
time have existed in relation to the true boundary
on that border, in consequence of the imperfect
geographical knowledge aad inaccuracy of maps of
that wild and unfrequented country in its early his-
tory, he felt warranted in asserting that there
could, with present lights, be no doubt in rela-
tion to the jurisdiction of New Hampshire. In
1835, '36, at the period of these difficulties, her
right there was as clear as it was in the counties of
Merrimack and Rockingham.
The state of things in that territory which made
it necessary for the Executive of New Hampshire
to call out the military force, was produced by the
course pursued by the Federal Government, in its
negotiations with Great Britain, over which the
State of New Hampshire could, of course, exercise
no control. The Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] desired to know more-particularly on
what ground the State claimed this remuneration—
if there had been any invasion of,,her territory—
what was the necessity that warranted calling out
the military force—what was the extent of that
force, and what would probably be the expense
ts the General Government, should the bill become
a law? Now he (Mr. Pierce) would with great
pleasure give such information as he possessed
upon the subject.
Doubts having been temporarily cast upon the
question of jurisdiction by the award of the King
of the Netherlands—the action of the Federal Gov-
ernment and its negotiations, and the civil authorities
of the State and Province of Lower Canada came
in conflict, and bodies of armed men were*
found opposed to each other in support of the
judicial process issued by the officers of their
respective Governments. The difficulties on
the border were thickening. A deputy of the
sheriff of the county of Coos attempted to arrest an
individual in the Indian Stream territory, by the
name of Tyler, and with the aid of two men, Blan-
chard and Harvy, succeeded Tyler, however,
was promptly rescued by force from Smith's cus-
tody. Immediately after this, a warrant was issued
by a person claiming to be a magistrate of Lower
Canada, in the name of the King of Great Britain
against the deputy of the sheriff, andBlanchard and
Harvey, for attempting to execute process there.
By virtue of this warrant, Banchard was taken
from his own dwelbng-house by a body of armed
men, with the avowed purpose of carrying him
into Canada for trial, on the charge of having
assisted in serving a writ duly issued by the
competent authority of the county of Coos.
Blanchard, in his turn, was rescued by American
citizens—his neighbors. This assault upon the
citizens of Indian Stream by armed men, and the
attempt to extend over it the jurisdiction of Lower
Canada, was the invasion which, in the judgment of
the Governor, made it expedient and necessary to
call out the militia, through whose presence further
collision was prevented, and the supremacy of the
State maintained. These were some of the leading
facts in the case, and the State asked reimburse-
ment for the expenses incurred, on the ground that
she was sustaining "the jurisdiction of the State
and of the United States."
Had a regiment of armed men from the pro-
vince, instead of the small detachment alluded to,
marched upon this defenceless territory, and had
they been met by the militia of the State under the
order of the Executive, no objection would have
been raised to this claim. The Governor, perceiv-
ing the point to which things were rapidly tending,
sent a military force promptly to the scene, which
arrested further hostility, and, by their presence,
probably prevented a general border warfare,
and the loss, perhaps, of many lives. This boun-
dary question, so long agitated, was under the ex-
clusive control of the Federal Government.
In his judgment, the treaty line should have been
asserted years ago, and maintained, if necessary,
with all the power of this country—at all events it
was the duty of the Federal Government to protsct
the ¡territory   lying within the  limits of   New
