84
CONGRESSIONAL GLÓBfi.
was referred by the House to Ihe Committee of
Elections; and a few days before the close of the
last session, two reports were made from that com-
mittee—onefrom the majority, and the other from
the minority. One report stated that the sitting
member was entitled to his seat, and the other re-
port set forth that he had been e'ected by fraud,
ihis committee discharged it? duty by presenting
their views, and by taking all the testimony they
could in the case. It now, therefore, remained
with the House to deeide which of the reports was
correct. But, in the face of all this, would the gen-
tleman undertake to say that Mr Ingersoll had
withdrawn fro,  his claim? He (Mr. ¡VÍ ) had seen
nothing whatever which could justify such a belief.
He had seen nothing in the public press to lhat ef-
fect, neither had he l.eaid the iecst lnlimation of it
from any quarter But, moreover, Mi. Xkglrsoll
was now present in the IIou<e, ready to claim his
seat.
Mr. FILLMORE desired that ihe litter portion
of the lefort of the minority ot the committee might
be read.    It was. read accoidingly.
Mr. P sfier some preliminary remarks, pro
ceeded to argue that any person contesting ihe
right of a member to a sea*, had a right to be
heard. He con.endid lint the right to be heard
did not result from ths fact of a man being a candi-
date or not. The proper course would be to grant,
Mr. Ingfrsoll a hsarmg, v hen he presumed he
would be able to enlif,hkn the a on the subject as
to whether he comidt le 1 hiruMj, a c aimant to th°
seat or not. He (Mr F) was 1.1 favor of giantmg
ah anrg to Mr. ÍAotnsoLi, "n tne s mple ground
of his appeanng to con'est the rig it ot th • situog
member, and it did rot make any difference wue-
ther the contestant niado any claim to the beat him-
self or rot He (Mi. F.) would vote against the
reconsideration.
Mr. BRIG .S lionr 1 he roso unon \ ould ro' be
reconsidered. He c ms dered n would be man lest
injustice to íefuse a hearing o any man who cm*
here to contest a seat with a member who might
be m that seat. In his opinion Mr. Im,e.r«oll had
an undoubted right to uige his claim at ihe bai of
he House.
Mr. MASON was in favor of the resolution, and
hoped it would not be reconsidered. He w,is m
favor of granting over/ contestant lo a cat on lhat
floor, a fair hearing He desired that Mr. Inger-
soll might fee heard, as he was desirous of know-
ingwhether tie genileman claimed a seat in the
House by viiti c o' li-. Iic'iuii, or whither he ap-
peared only s.s <oi! s 11 r lh^ peop e of Pennsyl-
vania, as cu!iU.sti!¡¿ the n¿ht of the 'liting
member.
Mr. GUSHING sa.d he was also m favor of
hearing toe petitioner lor the lea ons «tattd by the
gentleman from Omo, and also from the reiions
on which the petition was Lnscd. Mr. Im i rsoi l,
in his petition presented to the Itonse,at the last ses-
sion,c/atm«i the seat now occupied by Mr. Naylor.
That was the rccoid, pnd the present proceedings
was but a continuation ot that lecord. The ques-
tion was, therefore, what disposition should be
made of the memorial cf Mi. Im.hiisoll. But
he, Mr. C. had risen for the purpose of ebjee* ng to
the foim of the resolution submit ed by thj gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. MtDiLi ] That re oiutu n
asked that "Mr Inc. r„oll, shiud haie have
to address the Housp, as well as the sitting
member." Now he, Mr. C. c atended that Mr.
Naylor, at the sitting member, was a member
de facto, and as such he had as much right
to address the House, as the g^nileman from
Ohio himself, or any other member in this view
of the case he con idered the adoption of the re-
solution as implying a doubt on the right of Mr.
NaylSR, and admiiting' thv he was net a member
defacto. He hop-d, therefore, that the gentleman
from Oh o would amend h>s resolu ion, so as to
leave out that portion.
Mr. MEDlLLdid not perceive that the resolu-
tion implied a denial of the rght of the sitting mem-
ber. It merely asked that the petitioner might be
heard as well as the sitting member. It merely
asked that Mr Ingersoll might be placed on the
same footing as Mr. Naylor, He therefore saw no
pecessity for amending the resolution as required by
the gentleman from Massachusetts. He hoped the
gentleman would not press it, inasmuch they
were losing much time, and Mr. Ikgersoll was
present watting to be heard.
Mr. CUSH1NG said he would press it: for, if
the words meant nothing, why not omit them, and
if they did mean any thing, their import was a hard
on?.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS complained that the
House, by giving the Committee of Elections
power to send for persons and papers, had made
them the prosecutors, instead of the judga=; and he
would always con'end that the proceedings of the
Hous,e were improper and irregular. But he wished
 o Know whether Mr. íngersoll intended to ap-
pear as a claimant to the seat, or as attorney for
the people. It was with a view of ascertaining
this tatt, that he had moved the reconsideration.
As, however, many of his friends appeared desi-
rous he «hould wnhdraw, he would do so. Mr. W.
then withdrew the motion t J reconsider.
Mr. CUSHING renewed it, as h" could not con-
sent lo the íesolution until the words he objected to
were slriilcfi on'.
Mi. MEDILL ^aid that In ord*r to 'ave time,
he would consent to amend the lesolution as de-
sired.
And there being no object on, ihe resolution was
so modified
After some further debite, in which Messrs.
B\RMARD, MEDILL, G DAVIS, and AL-
FORD, pait.cipated,
Mr HUBBARD mov ! the previous question,
bul wilbdie v it tu the request of
Mr A Lf'ORD, who, after some remarks in re-
ply to ivl . Ccnard, renewed it.
íáome e'ebaie 11 a desultory ch'ractsr here aro e
as to whether Mr. Ai f >rd, having previously spo-
ken, had a right to the ilooi to move the previous
t.ufstion
Mr. TURKEY having obtained the floor, after
orne bnef re marks on the propriety of reserving
the merits of the case until it should be ¡airly be-
iore the House, moved the previous question.
Mi. W. COST JOHNSON called for the read-
ing of the memorial oí Mr. Ingersoll, which was
read as follows:
To  the honora'jls the Speaker and Menbers of the
House of Representatives of the United Slates of
America, to Congress assembled:
The memorial and petition of Challes J. Ingersoll
respectfully show>:
That he was cl ocen by a majority of the electors
of the Third Congressional Lysine' of the State of
Pennsylvon a, their Representative in and for the
Twenty sixth Congrcs, now in sesaion,and accord-
ingly so retun cd as elected by the constitutional
au honties of ihe Stale c{ Pennsylvania, whose
cerliflca'cs, in legil form, here communicated lo
the House of Representatives, and are now among
its records, certifying; that your memorialist and pe-
titioner is so elected He had believed, therefore,
that vour honorable House would, before this t me,
without his application, have instituted the proper
menns for ascertaining whether he is entitled to the
membeiship, which is claimed also by another per-
son. But inasmuch as he is given to understand
that a direct application, in the form of a peiition,
from himself, is deemed necess, ry to bring the sub-
ject, without delay, into the consideration of your
honoiable House, your petitioner respectfully re 
quests that prompt and proper measures may be
taken by the House ot Representatives, to enable
your petitioner lo prove his right to membership as
Representative of the people of the Tmrd Con-
gressional District oí Pennsylvania in the p'esenj
Congress, aid lhat no other person is elected from
that ui.triet to this Congress.
C. J  INGERSOLL.
Washington, January 23,1840.
The call for ihe pievious question was then se-
conded, and the mam question—being on the re-
consideration—ordered to be put.
Mr. BERNARD demanded the yeas and nay*,
■which were ordered, and being taken, resulted as
follows-
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Andrews, Barnard,
Bell, Breckenndge, Brockway, Chittenden, Crans-
ton, Edward Davies, Garrett Davis, Dawson, Doe,
Edward, Evans, Everett, Gentry, Giddmgs, Gran-
ger, Green, Gnnnell, John Hastings, Henry,
Charles Johnston, William Cost Johnson, Kemp-
shall, King, Lane, Marvin, Morgan, Nisbet, Os-
borne, Peck, Promt, Randall, Saltonstall, Slade,
Stanly, John B. Thompson, John White, T. W.
Williams, Lewis Williams, and Christopher H.
Wi'liams—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Alford, Judson Allen, Anderson,
Atherton, Banks, Baker, Beatty, Beirne, Black,
Blackwe'l, Boardman, Bond, Brewster, Bnggs,
Aaron V. Brown, Albert G Brown, Burke, Samp-
son H. Butler, Wm. B. Campbell, Carr, Carroll,
Carter, Cisey, Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Connor,
William R. Cooper, Craig, Crary, Cross, Cush-
ing, Dana, Davee, John Davis, John W. Davis,
Deberry, Dickerson, Dellet. Doan, Doig, Earl,
Eastman, Ely, Fillmore, Fine, Fisher, Floyd,
Fornance, Galbraith, Garland, Goggm, Goode,
Graham, Griffin, Habersham, Hand, Hawes, Hill
of Virginia, Hill of North Carolina, Hillen,
Holme: , Hook, Hopkins.Hubbard, Jackson, James,
Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
John W. Joms, Keim, Kille, Leadbetter, Leet,
Leonard, Lewis, Lincoln, Lowell, Lucas, Mc-
Clellan, McCulloch, McKay, Meredith Mallory,
Francis Mallory, Marchand, Maeon, Medill, Mon-
tanys, Mooie, Samuel W. Mcrns, Calvary Mor-
ns, Morrow, Newhard, Pamsh, Parmenter, Par-
ris, Payn'er, Pickens, Pop , Prentiss, Ran-
dolph, Raridtn, Rayner, Reynolds, Ridgway, Ed-
waid Rogers, James Roger*, Ryal), Samuels,Shaw,
Shepard, Albert Smith, John Smith, Truman
Smith, S'eenro.l, S rong, Smart, Sumter, Sweann-
gen, Si eney, Taliaferro, Taylor, Philip F. Tho-
mas, Jacob Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Trip-
let, Tu-ney, Underwood, David D. Wagener,
Weller, Wick, J .W Williams, Henry Williams,
Joseph L. William., Wmthrop, and Worthington
—139.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution of Mr. MEDILL had been
agreed to.
Tne SPEAKER then directed the Sergeant-at-
Artns to apprise Mr. Ingersoll that hs might ap-
pear at the bar of tne House
Mr. Ingersoll then presented himself at the bar.
Whereupon,
The SPEAKER informed him that m pursuance
of an ordei of the House, he (Mr. I.) was permit-
ted to state his reasons for claiming a seat m the
House, as a íepresentative lrom the third Con-
gressional distr.ct of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Ingersoll then proneded to recapitulate
the facts on winch he based his right to the seat,
and entered into a detailed account ot the circum-
stances attenmng the perpe'ration of the alleged
frauds-, the bribery of witnesses, etc.
Without concluding, Mr. I. gave way for a mo-
tion to adjourn, and at a few minutes past three
o'clock,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesdiy, January 6, 1841.
The PRESIDENT submitted a message froiJX
the President of ihe United States, in furiher reply
to the resolution of Ihe Senate of 30ih December,
1839; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
Jbe printed.
Mr PIERCE presented the petition of Richard
E'liott, which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of pilots
of the port of New York, piaymg a repeal of the
law of 1837, which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. PHELPS presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature oí Vermont, instructing their Senators
to endeaver to procure the passage of a law recom-
mending an amendment ol the Constitution of the
United S ates, restricting tne eligibility of the Presi-
dent to a single term; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN presented the petitions of the heirs
of Collin Bishop; Joseph Cooper and Gray By-
num, administrators of Sarshal Cooper; Francis
Wood; Joshua Fieeman; Francs Ray, Anteine
Fay, Joseph Reese, and John B. Deaayor; Joseph
