M
i      Mi ihiiM>ffiiiMrwmyy-i*iiWri^^
Mr. BÜCH \NAfi said he would to morrow un-
dertake to show that the b 1% 'vh ci had jvs* been
oidered to a third read'n , involved that princip'e,
and, if it passed, would le the means oi tskaj
millions of money from the pubLc Treasury.
Mr HOB BARD would wdh pleasure listen to
the Senator's vicvs on tbe sublet at his e„r i"st
convenience.
Some further conversat on en ued as to the
principie? involved m thise bd's, >n wh.ca Messrs
WRIGHT,JHUSBARD, and KING, participated;
■when, by equal consent, the bill under consiJ>ra-
lion was informally passed over, ivith the under-
standing th't it and the others for claims ía Florida,
would be discussed to monow.
The bill to continue m fotce the act for the fina'
adjustment of private laid claims m Mpsean, ap-
proved 9ih Jalv, 183'), and the act supplemental
thereto, approved 2 Maith, 18J3, and
The Lili to authorize the issuing of a patent to the
heiro or legal represeot.it ve  of Fiancis Rivard,
deceased; were severally coasidcred as m commit-
tee of the whole, and ordered to oe engrossed.
PERMANENT PROSPECTIVE PRL EMPTION LAW
The bill to etub'tshapemaneut piospecuve pre-
emption system, in favor of settlers on the public
lands, who shall inhabit and oul.ivate the same, and
raise a log cabm thereon, being the special order of
the day, s as takpn up, the question being on the
substitute therefor submitted by Mr Prentiss.
After a slight modification ot the subs l'ute by
Mi. PRENTISS,
Mr. HUNTINGTON addrssed the Sena'e m
favor of the substituto, and in oppos uon to va-
rious propositions of the-bill, and was followed bv
Mr. HUBBARD, who submitted his views at
length in fasorofthe pnncipie of the bill, and in
opposition to the amendmt nt.
The debate was continued by Messrs. GRAHAM
and PRESTON, whose remarks weie principally
confined to the relative powers of the General and
S'ate Governments oa the subject oí natmalization
and citizenation.
Mr. ANDERSON rose with the purpose of sub-
mitting his views on the bill, but it being late in
the afternoon, he yielded to a motion for adjourn-
ment;
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENT ATI VES.
Thursday, January 7, 1811.
After the journal had been read,
Mr. LEET asked and obtained leave to with-
draw ¡he petition of the heir, of Capt Richard
Dollarear, late of the Revolutionary army, and the
accompanying documents.
The SPEAKER  then announced, as the special
order, ths consideration ol the report oí the Com-
mittee ot Elections relative to the
CONTESTED PENNSYLVANIA  ELECTION
CASE
between Messrs. Naylor ord Kv-rsii r,.
Mr. FILLMORE, alter alluding to the indisposi-
tion of Mr. Naylor, moved a pj^tp inement ol the
case until to-morrow
Mr. MONROE o-jectrd, on the pround tint to-
morrow v,as the day io, tat consideration oí pri-
vate bills
Mr. FILLMORE said he had no objection to mo-
dify his mo'ion so ai> to mrett Monday,
After  orne debate of a conversational character,
themoLort was agi<>ed  to, and the further conside-
ration of  the   subject postponed   until   Monday
aex'.
LUNATICS   IN TFTE   DISTRICT  OF  CO-
LUMBIA.
The nevt business was ti. motion of Mr. Fill-
more to reconsider the vote by which the bill an ic-
ing temporary pro v sums for lunatics in the Dis-
trict had been i ejected.
After some brief rema-ks fiom Mr. TILLING-
HAST,
Mr. MARVIN moved the previ its qaes'ion,
which was seconded.
The main question on the reconsideration was
then ordered to be put, whereon
Mr. HUBBARD demanded the yeas and na* s
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
whuh were oíd red, and Lei"2 taken, íesultsd as
follows:
YE4.S—Jí<-ssv. A.'iras A'for.', J^n W. 11-
lp"1, S-idtew , BaTa d, i'cirdin i, E a i, Ere" s er,
B^gs, Brcc^ay, Ca-r, Cvroi, Otci, C~s y,
Cii.n, Cran to'i, Cou ■-, Ca nv-', Oiia, D^vcc,
Elward Dav e , J hn '¥. Pa b, G?rret Pavs,
Dawson, Debe ry, Dellei, Doe, Do •, EHv.rd-.,
Ely, E <erett, F.l'mofs Fis'er, G'lbia'tb, Gid-
dm s Goggm, G^ds G'-.-iharo, Gran ">r, G>ares,
Green, H-*nry, Hill oí Vi'gfn, Hoi'man, Hook,
Jame-, Chains Johnson, Wi Inm Cist Johnson,
Kempchall, K>g, Lane, Leet, Lincoln, L well,
Francis Mallory, Mar«.n, Mason, Moaroe,
Morgan, Morrow, Naylor, Osborne, Paleo, Par-
menter, Peck, Randal', R"bden, Reel, Ridgway,
Edward Rogers Russell, Sa'tonstoll, Sergeant,
S ade, Jol n STiiih, Truman Sin th, StPily, Stuart,
Tdliafeiro, Pnihp F. Th mis Waddy Thomp-
son, John B. Thompson, Tilliaghsst, ToanJ,
Tnplett, Trambnll, Want , Wellei, John 'White,
Thomas W. Wi'hams Lcw,s Williams, Joseph
L. Williams, Christopher II. Williams Win-
throp, and Wise—95.
NAYS—Mecsrs. Atherton, Banks, Blackwell,
Aaron V. Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke, Clif-
ford, Connor, Crabb, Crary, John Davis, Dicker-
s.m, Do-in, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Floyd, Griffin,
Hand, John Hastings, Hawes Hawkins, Hill of
North Carolina, Hopkins, Hubbard, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Keim, Killc, Lucas McClellao,
McKay, Marchand, Medill, Mi'ler, Moitanya,
Montgomery, Samuel W Morns, P nrish,Paynter,
Picons, Prentiss, Reynolds R)all, Samuels
Shaw, Shepard, Thomas Smith, Starkweather,
Steeniod, Slioig, Sumter, Swearings, Swenev,
Taylor, Jacob Thompson, Tarney, Vanderpocl,
Watterson, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams,
and Worthirigton—62.
So the vote was reconsidered.
Mr. FILLMORE then moved to recommit the
bill to a Committee of Ihe Whole on the state of the
Union, -which was agreed to—ayes 95, noes not
counted.
Mr. FILLMORE then moved a suspension of
the rules for the purpose of going at that time mío
committee on the b'U.
And the rules being suspended,
The House then resolved itself mio Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Likcovk m the cha r,) and took up the bill.
Mr. FILLMORE offered an amendment limiting
the operation of the act to Maich 3, 1813, wmch
was agieed to.
The following amendment was also offered and
agreed to
"They being paupers of the said District of Co-
lumbia, their support being legilly chargeable
thereto."
A debate then followed, re'ative to the promiety
of defraying the expense for the s ppoit o£ t1*  lu-
natics out ot the public treasury, in which Me«K
HAND, WADDY THOMPSON, WM. COST
JOHNSON, FILLMORE, DAWSON, ERIGGS,
and ALFORD, participated The debate v/ill be
noticed hereafter.
On motion, the committee then ro e and reported
the bill, as amended, to the Hou^e
The amendments were concurred ¡n, and the bdl
reíd a thud time, and the question being on as
passage, was taken by yeas and nijs ?s follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams Altord, Judson Allen,
John W. Allen, Andiews, Baiter, Barnard, Board
man, Bond, Brewster, Bngps Biockvsy, Sampson
H Butler, William 0. Butler, Calhoun, Wd 1am
B. Campbelll, Carr, Carrol1, Gaiter, 0?s->y, Chn-
tpnd n, C.anstofl, Curtis, Gushing,Thomas Dsiee,
E tw írd Davies, John W. Davis, Gairett Dav.s
Da,vson, Deten 5, De'let, Doe, Doig, Edwari-,
E v, E/erett, mimore, Fine, Ft ^r, Ftoyd,
Gaibia tb, Gogein, Goode, GraVm, Granger,
Graves, í-íreeii, Gnnneil, John Hastmss Henry,
Hill oí Virginia, Hoffm-n, Holmes, Hook, Hunt,
James, Char'es Johnston, Win. Cost Johnson,
Kemb'e, Kemfsht'l, Km?, L->ne, L"et, L'ncoin,
Lowell, M«redith Mal'ory, Frarcis Mailory,
Marvin, Mason, Monroe, Morgan, Morrov, 0>-
borne, Pa'en, Parme"it •, Pe k, ?o> *, Ran 'all,
Rir.dtn, Rryaer, Reed,  R '!gw?y,   tdv>.?rj Ro-
gers, Ru ed, Siltonstal', Sc.r-",iot, Slade, John
Sir.ih, Trs<nun Sfludh, Stan'/, Stuart, Sumter,
S'ene", Tal a e 10, Philip F Tnomas, Waddy
Tno^rii-m, Titn h, t, Tolar.d, Tiiplett, Trum-
luu Underwnor, Warren, Weller, John White,
Tanui's W Wi'lams, Lev/is Williams, Joseph
L ftA.ms C'M'-topher H. Williams, Win-
throp, inl Wise—HO
NAYS—Me srs Atherton, Banks, Bl?ck, Black-
well, Aaron V. Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke,
CLfloid, Coljj, Connor, Crabb, Crary, Cross, John
D'vi«, Doane, Duncin, Earl, Eastman, Garland,
GnSin, Hand, Hawes, Hawkins, Hill of North
Caro ma, Hophns Hnbbarl, Jameson, Cave
Jchnson, Kern, Kille, Lewis, Lutas, McClellan,
McCulloch, MediH, Montanya, Mon'gomeiy, S.
W. M rns, Para<h, Pains, Paynter, Prentiss,
Reynolds, Jame1- Rogers, Rj all, Sh^w, Soepard,
Steenrod, Sinrg, S veareng'i, Taylor, Jacob
Thompson, John B Tiompson, Ttn-ney, Watter-
son, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams,
and JohnT. II. Worthington.—60
So the bill was passed, and sent to the Senate for
its coucurrence.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
1.  From the Sec-etary of the Treasusy, trans-
mitting copies of statements rendered by the incor-
porated banks of the District of Columbia, showing
the state oí their affairs at the close of the year
1840.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
2.  From Ihe Stcietary of the Navy, transmitting,
for the use of the members of the House, 245 co-
|   pies of the Navy Register for 1841.
Laid on the taole, aid ordered to be printed.
3   From the Postmaster Geneial, transmitting a
statement of the purnber of clerks employed in the
Post Oflbe Department diiiing the >ear 1840, with
the names Rnd salaries, m obedience to the act of
April 20,1818.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
4   From the Postmaster Genera!, transmitting,
in compliance with the resolution of the House of
the 22J ultimo, a statement of the expenditures of
the Post Office Department for regular and tempo-
rary special agents, with their names, &c. from
the fast day of July, 1839, to the 30th day of No-
vember,  1840.
Referred to the Committee on the Expenditures
of the Post Office Department.
5   From tne Treasurer of the United States
transmitting the quarterly accounts of the Trea-
surer for the service of the Post Office Department
for the years 1837, 1838, 1839, each year ending
on the 30th of June.
Referred to the Committee on the Expenditures
of the Post Ofb.ee Department, and ordeied tobe
pnn ed.
BILLS FROM THE SENATE.
The following Senate bdls were read a first
and second time, and sppropnatelyrefeired, viz:
An act to provide for the settlement of claims of
the State of Mamf for the services of Ler militia,
An act to coi,n m to the State of Indiana the
land selected by her for that portion of the Wabash
and Erie Canal which Les between the mouth of
the Tippecanoe rvei and Terre Hau.e, and for
other purpose ,
An act for the relief of the Plumb Is'and Badge
and Turnpike Company;
An act for the relief of Cleraens, Bryan and
Company;
An act for the relief of John Moore;
An actfoi the relief of John Car^r,
An act in addinr-n to  an  act for the relief of
Wa'ter Loomis and Abe! Gay.
I      Mr   GUSHING moved to snspenl  the rules,
I  that the House might go m'o Committee of the
Whole  on i^e bill reported at the last session  of
i  CoEgress, entidad, "A bid to provide fur the satis-
faet.oa of cia ms due to ceitim American citizens
for spoliations committed ofi their commerce prior
to the 31st day of Jj'v, 1801."
On the quest'on being taken, there were—ayes
55, roes 73.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. UNDERWOOD also moved a suspension
of the tu'es for the purpose of taking up a bill, re
