90
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
justed. The history of the British Government
afforded him satisfactory evidence on this
subject. He believed ttiat every one there
would be numbered with the dead before
the British Government would amicably set-
tle a question of this nature. If his memory
served him correctly, England, pending the nego-
tiations at Ghent, had been willing to purchase tnat
territory; he did not mean to say there was any for-
mal offer made, but, finding that no such arrange-
ment could be entered into, she had, step by step,
made progress in territorial encroachment, until she
presented to the world a claim of great importance
where she had not even the shadow of right, and
such would be the case at every point of the con-
test with Great Britain. The British had extended
their possessions, step by step, from tho extreme
branch of Columbia river to the Pacific ocean.
By a letter which he had recently received, he
learned that the Hudson Bay Company was
introducing emigrant from Great Britain by
Cape Horn; they brought shepherds and
placed them on farms; they had erected British
forts on the Territory of Oregon, and had pushed
their establishments on the south to California,
and on the east to the Rocky mountains, and by an
act of Parliament, a portion of the criminal law of
Great Britain was extended up to the very confines
of the States of Arkansas and Missouri. Now, if
we have a just right and claim to that property, he
was not the man to say it should be abandoned lo
any power on earth, fie was pieparf d and wil-
ling to go into a discussion of the whole subjtct
here involved. He had been censured by many
gentlemen from all parts of the Union for not hav-
ing pressed this question befoie, when he delayed
it because, on the suggestion of others, he v as not
willing to introduce a new element pending the
question relative to the Northeastern boundary.
He would not occupy the time of the body
urlber on this occauon, but shouldthe Senate grant
or the introduction of the joint resolution, he
would embrace the opportunity when it came up
for consideration, to submit hii views more m de-
tail.
Leave being granted, the joint resolution was in-
troduced, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to a select committee of five, consisting 0/
Messrs. Linn, Walkfii, Piuston, Piehce, and
Sevier.
THE PATENT OFFICE.
On motion by Mr. STURGEON, the bill making
certain appropriations for the Patent Office was
taken up and considered as in committee of the
whole,
The bill having been read,
Mr. CALHOUN hoped thtse appropriations
would be stopped. This Patent Ollico wa  grow-
ing up into a new department of toe Government
—a Home Department We had made a.11 appro-
priation of $90,000 for the erec Hon of a Patent Of-
fice, and there had be¿n constructed a magnificent
palace, with splendid galleries, at an expense of
some hundreds of thousandb of dollars. He was
utterly opposed to ih s cieaiing a new department
111 this Government, and mo e especially by indirec-
tion, as in the present instance, wh  re those who
were designed by law to be inertly superintendent
of the Patent Office were assuming a superintend-
ence over the entire agncultuic and mechanics of
the country.
Mr. TAPPAN inquired whether the #750 prr-
posed to be appropriated for a library was to pur-
chase books for the officers m the Patent Office.
Mr STURGEON said i> wn for the puuhase of
scientific book', which were nec ssary to enable the
officers to carry on the business of the < frice.
Mr. TAPFAN objected to an appropriation for
the purchase of booko to enable the head ot that
department to qualify himself lor flu. discharge of
the duties of the office to which he had ban ap-
pointed. It had now become too common with the
heads of department to have separate and valua-
b'e libraries, and n was time it should be stopped
He moved that the section in qucs'ion be struck out
of the bill.
Mr. PRENTISS explained the necessity of the
appropnauon, it was to enable the efficer to learn
whether what weie offered as new and uaeful in-
ventions were really new, as on the determination
of that fact would rest the grant of a patent.
Books were published periodically, containing de-
scriptions of all new patented articles here and in
Europe, and it was of the greatest importance that
the officers should have these books a¡  works of
tp Tf* rp n i1 ft
Mr. PRESTON also defended the appropriation,
but suggested a variation of the phraseology of the
section of the bill to obviate mistake. He was in-
clined to believe if the object was to purchase ma-
terials to enable the efficer to form a correct judg-
ment on the articles for which patents were desired,
that it should be agreed to
Mr  PRENTISS moved  as an amendment (he
following words as a substitute for the words in the
SLCtion: "for the purchase of such scientific books
as are necessary tor the Pa'ent Office $750 "
Mr TAPPAN thereupon withdrew his mot.on
Mr CALHOUN moved to strike out that part
of the bill making an appropriation for the collec-
tion ( f agricultural statistics, &c    He knew not
what that had to do with a Patent Office.    He ob-
jected to  tisis gradual and almost imperceptible
growth of expenditures by  indirect means, they
had seen enough of these things, and he moved
to strike out the appropriation of $1000 for that
purpose, and he called for the ayes and noes on ths
question.
The ayes and noes were ordered.
Mr. STURGEON said by striking out this sec-
tion, they would strike out the vital part of the bill.
The service  which this «um was intended to re-
munerate, had already been rendered
Mr CALHOUN said no ofFcer had the right to
go beyond ihe appropnauons, and he hoped the
section would be struck out, a* a warning to offi
cers not to go beyond the appropriations in future
Mr. MANGUM said the design of the Patent
Office was for the piesvrvation of the patents of the
country, and he was unwilling that the power
wh ca had been exercised here should be allowed
thus to creep upon them, and to cover other
ground than that originally designed He could
not approve of a great show being thus prepared,
by indirection, at the public expense.
At the request of Mr STURGEON, a letter was
read from the Commissioner of Patents, m which
he urged the necessity for these appropriations.
Mr. SEVIEB. concurred in the suggestions of
the Senator from South Carounn, [Mr Calhoun,]
that this should be put a stop to; but as they had
got the articles, he thought thev should be paid for
and they could prevent its recurrence in future.
Mr. WEBSTER, to guard against misappre-
hension, explained that one item of expenditure
was for the pubheatun of a dig^tof the patents,
and the books to which allusion was made, weie
periodicals on the subject of inventions which were
necessary to the priper discharge of the duties of
the Patent Office. The expenditures for agricultu-
ral statistics he would not continue, though he
had no doubt of their constitutional ngh to do so
They had a constitutional right, he had no doubt,
to expend money in procuring information on the
suoj ct of agiiculiure, ihe products of agriculture
were ameles that weie interchanged between the
various paru of the Union,and consequently it mu«t
be a, important a part oí their duty to inform them-
felve>by agricultural statistic, as it was to acq awt
themselves respecting cot.on planting, sugar mak-
ing, and all o'ber articles of commerce in the coun-
try But it did not seem to him that this had any
relation to the Patent Office, and ihuy had no right
to make any appropnations for duties which we e
not pre crihed by law
Mr. CALHOUN diffeicd from the Senator from
Massachusetts in to'o lespeeting their constitu-
tional nsht'o make thes  appropriations Andas
to some ot these appropriations, he considered they
were an imposition and an insult on the Senate.
They had been told that this- Patent Office was to
be a Patent Office, and that it would cost but
§90,000, and under this consideration he had given
a reluctant vote for if, and from that period, it had
gone on in utter contemp' of Conaiess until the ex-
penditures had amounted to nearly half a million
of dollars Engineers and architects came there
with estimates of public buildings, and then the
actual expenditures exceeded the estimates one,
two, three, and often four times. They were
treated like children by these architects and en-
gineers, and he thought it was the duty of the Presi-
dent o'f the United States to dismiss any officer who
dared to do this.
After a few words from Messrs. STURGEON,
KING, and WEBSTER,
Mr. RUGGLES explained that the original es-
mates were framed on plans for the construction of
a brick edifice, but the other branch of Congjess
had amended the bill when it was before them, for
the cors ruction of a stone edifice, giving ihe Ex-
ecutive depaitment authority to cause the construc-
tion of a building that should correspond with the
other public offices.
Mr STURGEON asked that the bill might be
passed over, to afford an opportunity to procure in-
formation on some of the points objected to by Se-
natois.
The bill was then informally passed over.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the petition
and papers 01 Daniel Piatt, now on file, were refer-
red to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. WALL, the bill for the pu-
nishment of certain crimes against ihe United
States and for other purposes, was considered as m
committee of the whole, and ordered to be engross-
ed for a third reading.
The bill fiom the Hoaseof Representatives mak-
ing temporary provision for lunatics in the District
ot Columbia, was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The bill from the House authorizing the enrol-
ment or register of the schooner Amistad, was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill to continue 111 force the act for the final
adjustment of private land claims in Missouri, ap-
proved 9 h July, 1832, and the act supplemental
thereto, approved 2d March, 1833, and
The bill to authorize the issuing- of a patent to the
heirs or legal representatives of Francis Rivard,
deceased,
were severally read a third time and passed.
The bul for the relief of Joseph M. Hernandez;
The bill for the relief of Gad Humphreys, of the
Territory of Florida,
The bill for the relief of Malachi Hagan, of the
Territory of Florida,
The bill for the relief of the heirs of John J.
Bulo ;
The bill for the rel ef of James Williams, and
The bill for the relief of Philip Weademan;
were,
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, postponed to,
and mads the order of the day for Wednesday
next.        5
PFRWANfiNT PROSPECTIVE PRE EMPTION LAW
The bill to establish a permanent prospective pre-
emption system, m favor of settlers on the public
lands, who shall inhabit and cultivate the same, and
raise a log cabin thereon, being the special order of
the day, was taken up, the que-.tion being on the
substitute therefor submitted by Mr. Prentiss.
Mr ANDERSON submitted his views at length
in opposition to ihe substitute, and in favor of ths
bill.
Mr MANGUM said, as there were several Se-
nators, himself among the number, who wished to
submit the^r views in relation to lh s bill, he would
aik its friends to postpone the further discussion of
it until Monday next; which being agreed to, the
bill was. informally passed over.
Mr CRITTENDEN said he was 111 favor of a
pre emption law, but it must be on certain terms
and condition , and, to show what those terms and
conditions were, he would submit the following
proposition, which he would offer when the bill was
again taken up, and which he asked might be or-
dered to be printed.
Resolved, That the bill be recommitted to the
committee that reported it, with instructions to re-
port amendment thereto, to the following effect.
1. To distnbule the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands among the several States of the Union
in just and equitable proportions
2 To grant to actual bona fi le settlers upon the
public lands the right of pre-empticn to any quan-
