CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                              91
. tity thereof, not exceeding one half section, or 320
acres, including the place of settlement, at the
minimum price of $1 25 per acre; with such pro-
visions as shall limit this right of settlement and
pre-emption to actual bona fide settlers whose es
tate, at the time of settlement, shall not exceed the
value of $1,000; and, furthermore, with such pro
vision* as shall effectually exclude the wealthier
speculators from all benefit under this law, and
shall prevent them from interfering with, or parti-
cipating in, the privilege and right of settlement
and pre-emption, which are hereby granted and in-
tended for the sole advantage oí thí needy and
honest settlers and cultivators of the soil.
Mr. LINN then gave notice that he should move
an amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky, for the purpose of appropriating
the proceeds derived from the sale of the public
lands, to inereasejhe national defences. He hoped
both his amandment and that of the Senator from
Kentucky would be voted down; but he would
move as often a& this q uestion came up, to apply the
money to the protection of their frontier, both
maratimo and inland, from aggression in all future
time.
Mr BENTON said the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky was based on the one which
there was no difficulty in comprehending. But
the Sen&te and the country, from the first of the
present session, had been told of the existence of a
national debt which that Senator and his friends
affirmed did exist, but which he (Mr. Benton) and
his friends denied. The Senator bad his thanks
nevertheless, for coming forward with this proposi-
tion so openly: it was an intimation of the policy
of the new Administration—of their intention to
add to the national expenditures, to restrict the in-
come of the country, and then to have recourse to
a high tariff. He deemed this the opening up of
the whole policy of the new Administration, and
he was not willing to vote on it now, if they could
decide against it by forty to one; he wished that
policy to be laid open to the view of the people of
the United States, and he only rose now to thank
the gentleman for his declarations of jesterday
and to-day—of yesterday, in favor of a Na-
tional Bank, and to-day, on the subject of
the land revenue, by which three or four millions
would be diverted from the national income, and
would have to be made up by loans and taxes. He
(Mr. B) again thanked the Senator—they should
now have a fair contest and no "bush whacking."
They (Mr. Benton and his friends) would go to the
contest with the opposite gentlemen, and they should
see whether a national debt should be created, but
which the Senators on the other side said did now
exist, which he (Mr. Benton) denied, and they
should see whether sj large a sum should be with-
drawn from the public levenue. He once more
thanked the honorable Senator, and promised him
that he would be met in the coming contest.
Mr. CRITTENDEN had intended nothing more
on this occasion than to give gentlemen no-
tice that such a motion would be made, and
ha had not supposed that it would now be
debated. The honorable Senator from Mis-
souri was perfectly welcome to all he could
derive from it. He (Mr. Crittenden) had
always looked upon himself as too humble an indi-
vidual to have any gteat importance attached to
any movement of his, and perhaps for that reason
he had always been prompt and ready—perhaps
too prompt, on some occasions—to express his opi-
nions, whatever they might be. They were al-
ways such as he believed to be right, and therefore
he was always ready to maintain them, in any
contest. Tne proposition which he had just
offered, was a plain prop isition; he had no
secret on this subject; what he was for he
was for always and was always ready to pro-
claim. He had received the thanks of the Senator
from Missouri, but he feared he was reaping a re-
ward far b.'yond his merits. The queüion of a
distribution of the public lands among the States
was no new question; it had once received the
sanction of hoth branches of Congress, and the
circumstances connected with the defeat of that
bill were notorious; but the States continued to
cling to that measure.   The Legislature of his own
State had given him instructions on that question;
asd he had no doubt if his opinions on that sub-
ject were less firm, he should consider those in-
structions imperative. But he would not now de-
bate the question; he would content himself with
simply giving notice to gentlemen of his proposi-
tion, and the debate could follow when the proposi-
tion came up for consideration.
Mr. BENTON repeated the expression of his
thanks, if the Senator from Kentucky would ac-
cept thera, for the notice he had given them. Yet,
for one, he (Mr. Benton) wanted no notice to be
prepared to meet such a proposition. Thegentlemen
opposite had intimated their intention to detect and
expose to the country, after the 4th of March next,
a debt of twenty-seven and a half million of dol-
lars, and they had been calling upon the support-
ers of the present Administration to tax French
wine and silks—thry had heard too often here these
propositions for the purpose of making up a deficient
revenue—it was a proposition to disturb the course
of business and commerce, for the purpose
of supplying a deficiency in the revenue which
could not endure a moment's delay. It was
to no purpose thai the estimates were confined
within the appropriations for the year; the gentle-
men still said they must have taxes to create an
income, and if they were not gratified, the present
Administration was to take the odium—ihould he
limit himsslf to the word odium?—to the odium
of having rendered it necessary to call an
extra session of Congress immediately. And
while they were met with the threatened odium of
an extra session of Congress to supply a deficient
revenue, here came a proposi'ion to take off
three and half millions on which reliance was
placed to carry on the Government. He again
thanked the Senator for shjwing his hand so
openly, and for the intimation that the new Ad-
ministration was to commence at once the crea-
tion of a national debt, by subtracting from
the revenue, with the re-establishment of that state
of things by which the commerce of ¡he country
was loaded down by taxation; and that was to be
followed up bv the establishment of a Bank, to ex-
ercise an influence all over the country. He
would tell that honorable Senator that a new
National Bsnk could not be created without a Na-
tional Debt, whose stock must be sold to make the
capital for the Bank; he would tell the Senator
from Kentucky he could not move an inch towards
a new National Bank without the creation of a Na-
tional Debt. He hoped, however,'that his friends
would put on'measures of this kind to that called
session of which they had been notified on 'hu
floor; for he informed gentlemen if they diverted the
land revenue, and went beyond thecurrent income,
they would have to come together, which he (Mr.
Benton) should do all h; could to prevent, and
he should do that by doing all he could to prevent
the expenditures exceeding the estimates—by pre-
venting the appropriations goins beyond the current
revenue- L°t the new Administration call Con-
gress toge'.her to make good the deficiency in the
revenue occasioned by their own extravagant ex-
penditures, and lie (Mr. Benton) would thank them
for the day on which they issued their proclama-
tion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN wtuld extend his cla:m to
the gratitude of the Senator from Missouri, by the
further avowal that he should be in favor of such
an additional imposition of duties as will supply an
adequate revenue to the Government.
Mr. CALHOUN said it was evident this de-
bate would take a wide íange, and would bring the
whole subj'-'ct of the pnblic land* before the Seiab;
he rose to give notice that he would miv , as an
amendment to the amendment of the Smator fiom
Kentucky, a bill to cede the public lands within
the limits of the new States on certain conditions
therein mentioned.
[This bill will be found in another column, ap-
pended to the ¡\ port made by Mr. Ncevell.]
The amendment proposed by Mr. Chittenden
was then ordered to be printed.
The Senate  then went into Executive session,
and, after half an hour spent therein, the doors
( were again opened.
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tion for considerarían:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
causing to be procured and submitted to the Senate,
copies of the debates in the British Parliament,
prior to the year 1820, in relation to the North-
eastern boundary of the United States, and copies
of land titles emanating from the British Govern-
ment repugnant in the calls of said titles to the
boundary now claimed by said Government.
Mr- PRESTON objected to the adoption of the
esoiution, as presenting us in the aspect of regu-
lating our proceedings by British legis'ation.
Mr. CRITTENDEN would suggest whether it
might not be possible that these debates made
against our claim to the territory in dispute, and, if
so, would it not, instead of strengthening, weaken
the position we at present occupied in relation to
the matter?
Mr. WALKER said, the resolution was one of
inquiry only, the propriety of which would be de-
cided on by the appropriate committee. If that
committee, upon matute deliberation, conceived
the inquiry to be important, it would be made; and
in sub nitting tris resolution, he desired only to call
their attention to the subject. Mr. W. siid, he
had read one of these debates of the British Parlia-
ment, and conceived it to be of the utmost impor-
tance, and that it ought to be published in an offi-
cial form for the information of the people of Eng-
land, of the people of the British provinees,of thejpeo-
ple of the United StUes, and of the civilized world.
In that debate, the boundary line, a^ bow claimed
by Great Bruain,jwas distinctly repudiated by both
branches of the British Parliament, and by both
parties, the Opposition and the Ministry, in a de-
bate, too, cotemporaneous with the treaty of 1783.
Mr. W. also believe that land titles had emanated
from the British Government, directly contradictory
in ¡he calls of those titles, to the boundary bow
claimed by England, and he thought the whole sub-
ject of sufficient importance to claim ihs attention
of ¡he Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WEBSTER ?aid he agreed with the Sena-
tor from Mississippi [Mr. Walker] as to theimpor-
nnce of these documents in shedding light on the
true in'cnt and meaning of the treaty of 1783, in
relation to the boundary between the United
Siates and the British Piovincss. It clear-
ty established, in his mind, that the trea-
ty pursued the old boundary, as established by
the charter of the colony of Massachusetts, and that
the northwest corner of Nova Scotia was the start-
ing point. There was also an important admission
made by the then Lird Chancellor to the attacks of
some of the Opposition members of Parliament.
They denounced the treaty as granting a large ter-
ritory to this country, the possession of which was
necessary to the convenience and safely of their
Canadian provinces. To this it was replied by the
Lord Chancellor ¡hit there was nothing of gtanton
either side, but they had taken the boundaries as
they had been previously established, and that no
treaty could hive been made upan any other leim?.
Throughout the whole of these debates, indeed,
there is a broad admission by all parties of what
this country has always claimed as the boundary
between this country and the British Provinces.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that as this resolution
was one of mere inquiry, it might appear discour-
teous towards his friend from Mississippi [Mr.
Walker] to oppose its adoption, and he should do
so with great reluctance. If it were pressed, he
would, therefore, probably vote for it, although it
appealed to him to be a singular du y to impose on
the Coui'iiitte? of Foreign Relations. Unques-
tionably the debate in ¡he British Parliament, to
which it icfeired, was one of great importance. It
proved that short'y after the original treaty was
concluded, British statesmen of all parties agreed
that the line designated by it included within the
limi's of the United States the territory now in
dispute between the two Governments. But why
should the Senate be made ¡he instrument of com-
municating this debate to the public? Such a
co irse was unprecedented, so far as his knowledge
extended.   This was information proper for the
