CONGRESSIONAL GLOÉÉ.
§3
steamboat disasters, and the means of their preven-
tion; and likewise the report and bills submitted at
the last session by the Se'ect Committee to whom
the petition of Samuel Raub, jr. relative to his self-
acting safety valves, was leferred, reported that
they had adopted the report, and the bills submitted
by the Select Committee during the last session, as
follows:
A bill to provide for purchasing the patent for
Raub's self acting safety-valve;
A bill to authorize the President of the United
States to employ persons to construct apparatus
with a view to extinguish fires on boara steam-
boats, and to test its utility.
A bill to amend the act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the better security of ihe lives of passen-
gers on boa~d of vessels propelled in whole or id
part by steam," approved July 7, 1838, and for
other purposes.
The committee recommended ihe adoption of the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the bills herewith presented shall
be considered on the------, and made the special or-
der on that and each succeeding day until disposed
of.
After some deba'e of a desultory character the
blank was filled by inserting "25th day of January
instant;" and the resolution, as amended, was then
adopted.
THE AMISTAD.
Mr. CURTIS, fmm the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill entitled "An act to authorize
the enrolment or register of the schooner Amistad "
It was read twice; when
Mr. CURTIS explained that the Amistad was
condemned, and afterwaids sold by the Marshal,
under an order of the District Court, for the sal-
vage. But the individual who purchased the ves-
sel, after becoming in possession of her, discovered
that she, having been built abroad, could not be en-
rolled. An act of Congre-s, therefore, became ne-
cessary; and he (Mr. C.) hoped the bdl would be
passed forthwith, as she was now waiting to go
out.
Mr. PICKENS objected to the parage of the
bill at this time. A case in relation to the ves°el in
question was now pending in the Supreme Court of
the United States; and he hoped the bill would not
be put on its third reading until the decision of that
Court should have been made.
Mr. CURTIS explained that the passage of the
bill could in no way affect any proceedings of the
Superior Court. The proceedings in the sile of the
vessel had been all r-gular. The vessel was con-
demned and ordered to be sold under an order of
the District Court, and was purchased by the pre-
sent ewner. He (Mr. C ) hoped that no objection
would be made to the passage of the bill, as it was
nothing more than an act of justice to the pur-
chaser
Mr. PICKENS still objecting,
Mr. CURTIS moved a suspension of the rutes
for the purpose of putting the bill on its third read-
ing; which motion was agreed to.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
PRIVATEER PENSION FUND.
Mr. SALTONSTALL submitted the following,
which was agreed to-
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di<
rected to communicate to this House what amount
of money was received by the United States under
the act of June 26, 1812, and the act of February
13, 1813, providing that two per cent, of the nett
amount of prize money ans ngfrom captures made
by the private armed vessels of the United States be
set apart as a pension fund, as set forth m said acts
Also.to report whether the same, or any and what part
thereof, was invested; and if so, in what stocks or
seaurities; and at what prices the said investments,
and also the sales thereof, were made. And also to
report when the said pension fund became exhaust-
ed, and how much of the same, or the proceeds
arising therefrom, was paid to persons other than
those for whose use the said fund was p'edged by
the said acts, and under and by virtue of subse-
quent acts.
JUSTICES OF THE SUPREME COURT.
Mr. CRABB submitted the following, which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Comm t ep rn the Judicary
be instructed to i-qjire and repi't wbe her it be
legal for justos oí the Supreme Court of the
United States to res de out oí the limi s oi tne Cir-
cuit couit to which they are respectively assigned;
and, if it be lega', to inqii re into tie eipediency of
prohibiting by statute such residerce
On motion of Mr. WINTHROP, it was
Resolved, That the Commiitee on Commerce be
instructed to mqiaTe m'o the expediency of making
the same provision f r the payment of the arrears
of their salaries to the c'crVs in the custom house
at Biston, which has been a'ready mide in behalf
of the clerks in th> custom-hoe -es atlísví York and
PhiUdeiph a
Mr. WADDY THO\IPeON submi '< d he fol-
lowing-
Resolved, T «.at the Sectetary of the Navy be re-
quested to co i rru a^a c to this Hue the proceed-
írgscf the Naval Courts Martial for the trial of
Commander Joseph Smoot, and Lieutenants Joseph
Stalling-? and J  C  Sharpe.
Mr KEMBLE proposed lo add the following:
Also, all copies of the General orders in the
cases of Lieutenants Sharpe and Stallmgs; exhibit-
ing the reasons focconfirmirg tne decision of the
court maitial in the one case, and modifying it in
the other.
The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
tion as modified was then adopted.
PUBLIC   LANDS.
Mr.  MONTGOMERY submitted the following:
Besohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to communicate to this Home the whole
amount of public lands belonging to the United
States, designating the amount in each State and
Territory; the amount purchased in each year, and
undei each AdmiU'Siration, the amount of payment
therefor; the amount surveyed, that has been of-
fered at public sa'e ?nd not sold; the amount sold
in e¿ch year a' public sa'e, an 1 the amount sold at
p>\vate sale, the amount of cash received in each
year for lands; theimjuntof land given to each
State and Territory, for all and every purpose,
wi'h the amount of cash paid each Sta'e out of the
sale? o! puoiic lands within hei Territory.
Objection being made, it was Uid over one day,
under the rule.
Petitions were presented, on leave, by Mcsrs.
GRINNELL, W C JOHNSON, PARViENTER,
DO AN, S AT/TONS TALL, and STRONG.
[Mr Strong presented a petr on of inhabitants
of Senecacountv New Yoik, praying for ihe pas-
sage of a gi-nerpl bi ikrup* )a *, which was, refer-
red to the Commi'*rs on r-e Jud ciary ]
On motion of Mr. feXA>LY, the Dill entitled
"A bill to pay the fourth mstalracnc to the States,"
was ordered to be printed.
The bi'l for 'h* rel ef of John J Roane, a cle'k
in the Patent Offi-e, ws then taken up, the ques-
tion beirg on its pa-sage
After a few remark*: fiora Messrs. WISE and
HOPK'NS, as 'o .he merit" of ihe bill,
Mr HOPKINS o 11 d for the yeas nnd nays,
which were o'i'eie I, ?rd we>e as fi ¡lows-
YEAS—Mp^s-s John W Allen Boaroman,
Calhoun, C rr, Chinn, C nnrr, C >ig, Cranston,
Crary, Gviand, Frsncis M-llory, M-irchsnd. Ma-
son, lt yno'ds, Ri igway, Thomas S r-ith, Talia-
ferro ChnstorVr H. Williams, and Wise—19.
NAYS—Mc<=s"s Adpms, Alford, J idson Allen;
Andrews, A'h rt >n, Epulis, Be ire, Blacl', Black-
well, Bond, Biyd, B pekrir dge, Brewster, Briggs,
Aaron V. B own, Albct G Brown, Burke, Samp-
son H Bj'lei.Wii 0 Bu'Vi.Wm B Campbell,
Carroll, C «y, Cni'ten 'en, CnTo d, Coles Craub,
Or s ,Cushin?, Dina, EH"aid D3vies, John Davis,
Garrett Divis, Dawson, DHerry, D<-l!et, Doan.Doe,
Doia, Duncan, Eir¡, Et^tmin, F'wards, Evans,
Evere t, Fillmore, Fine, Fi her, FiO}d, Fornance,
Galbranh, Gates, Giddtngs Goggin, Goode, Gras
ham, Granger, Green, Grifln Grmntll, Haber-
sham, Had, Hand, Jihn Ha-.tfgs, Hawes, Haw-
kins, Hemy, Hili of Viigi in, Hill of North Caro-
lina, Hoíiman, H i'ine , Hophin , Hubbard, Hunt,
Jackson, Jomes, Janus'"), Charle" Johnston, Jo-
seph Johnson, William Cost Johnson, Cavé John-
son, Kemble, Kempsbali, Kiile, King, Leonard,
Lincoln, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, MeCulloch,
M<-Kay, M-min, Medül Moler, Montanya, Mont-
gomery Morgan, Morrow, Newhard, Nisbet, Os-
borne Palen, Paimente-, Payn'er, Randen, Ray-
ner, Eiward Rogers, Jas Rogers, Russell, Ryall,
Sdl'onstall, Samuel-, Slaw, Shepard, Slade, Albsrt
Smith, John Snuth, Stan'y, Starkweather, Steen-
rod, Sweney, Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, John B. Thonpaon, Tdlmgha*t, Toland.Tnp-
lr-tt, Trumbull, Tu'ney, Underwood, Warren,Wat-
terson, Wellsr, Wick, Jared W Williams, Tho-
mas W. Williams, Henry Williams, Lewis Wil-
liams, Joseph L. Williams, and Win.ib.rop—140.
So the bill wa> rejected.
The bill for the reh'f of Mary Tucker was then
taken up, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading
Mr. TURNEY moved to ajjourn.
On this motion 'he yeas and nays were demand-
ed, and b3ing ordered, were taken, and resulted as
follows: Yeas 19—nays 11G
So the House refused to adj iurr.
The House then reso'ved itself into a Commit
tee oí the Whole (Mr. Briogs in the Chair,) and
after some une spent iheiein, reported
The bill for the relief of Benjimin Adams and
Company, and others, and
The bill for the relief of Nathaniel Goddard, and
others, 'he former without amendment, and on the
latter asking leave to sit again.
The House then adjjurned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, January 9, 1841.
Mr. LINCOLN on leave, introduced the follow-
ing resolution, which was agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish to this House a statement of
the quantity of the public lands claimed to be pu,-
chased by pre-emption, under the several acts of
Congress granting pre-emption to settlers on the
public lands, distinguishing those under the act of
Congress passed the 22d day of June, 1838, enti-
tled "an act granting pre-emption rights to settlers
on the public lands," and also under "the act
supp'emental to the act" aforesaid, passed on the
Ut day of June, 1840. And of the amount of
money received into the Treasury, from the res-
pective lands offices m the several land distric's n
which the public lands are situated. And that In
also inform the House what number of patents
to purchasers of the public lands, who have duly
and legally made entries of the same, and paid
the purcbas  mrnev therefoi, are suspended by
leason cf the operation of the aforementioned
acts, and upon what cause, and for what time, such
patents are to be withheld, and whether, in any
event, the United Slates are made liable to refund
to the persons who are permitted to make such
entries, the purchase money paid therefor.
Mr. GIDDING asked leave tosubmit the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That hereafter Ihe daily hour of meet-
ing ol toe House be 11 o'clock, a. m.
ODjection being made the, íesolution was not re-
ceived.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Ways aiid
Means, reported a bill eülitled "An act authoriz-
ing ihe issue of Treasury notes,'1 w<uch was lead
twice, when,
Mr. STANLY called for the readitg of the
bill.
It was then read as follows:
B> ü enacted by the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives of the United Sla'es of ./¡menea a  Congress
assen Ld, Tint the President of the United States
i, hereby puthowd to cause Tr?a ury noles to be
issued for such sum or sums, a* the exigencies of
the Government may lequre, but not exceed tig
the sum of five millions of dollar-,, of this emission
outs>ar ding at any one time—to be reimbursed in the
last quarter of the year, if ih' condition of the
Treasury will permit it—and to be i-sUed under
the hm,tat ons and other provmons contained in
the act entit'ed "An act to au'honze the i«smng ot
Tiea^-urv notes," approved the twelfth day of Oc-
tober, 1837; and as modified by an act entitled
"An set additional to the act on the subject of Trea-
sury HOtes," approved the 31st day of March, i§40?
