CONGRESSIONAL, &L.OBE.     ___
26th Coxg..........2nd Sess._______________THURSDAY, JANUARY 21, 1841.________________Volume 9...........No. 7.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.                                     ---------WEEKLY---------                            PRICE $1  PER SESSION.
Continued from .Afo 6
Judiciary, reported "An act further to amend the
act entitled an act to provide for taking the sixth
census or enumeration ef the inhabitants of the
United States," approved March 3, 1839, with an
amendment. The amendment was concurred in,
and the bill read a third time, and passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL then renewed his attempt to
introduce his resolution, previously noticed; but ob-
jection being made,
Mr. C. moved a suspension of the rales; the
motion was negativeá.
Mr. NAYLOR then took the floor, and resumed
his remarks in reply to Mr. Ingersoli.. After
speaking for some time, without concluding, he
gave way for a motion to adjourn.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, January 13, 1841.
A message was received from the House of Re-
presentatives, announcing that it had passed the
bill from the Senate supplementary to an act to
abolish imprisonment for debt in certain cases.
The PRESIDENT submitted a report from the
Secretary of the Treasury of the names and com-
pensation of the clerks in his Department, and
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, in compliance with the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Benton on the 16th December
last:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to cause to be prepared and communicated
to the Senate, tables of the rates of exchange,
foreign and domestic, and of the prices of bank
notes and of specie, on or near the first day in
each month, at New York and Philadelphia, dur-
ing the year 1838, 1839, and 1840; and that he
accompany the same with a synopsis of the rates
of exchange, foreign and domestic,and the prices of
bank notes and specie, at New York and Philadel-
phia, in previous years, so far as the last can be
done froru the materials now in the Treasury De-
partment.
The communications were laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MERRICK presented the credentials of the
Hon. John Leeds Kerr, elected by the Legisla-
ture of the State of Maryland, a Senator from that
State, to supply the vacancy occasioned by the
death of the Hon. John S. Spence.
Mr. KERR appeared, was qualified, and tosk
his? seat.
Mr. BENTON called the attention of Senators
to a report which was to be found in volume eight
of the Executive documents of last session, which
was calculated to throw considerable light on the
subject now under discussion by the Senate. He
alluded to a report by the Secretary of the Trea-
sury of the amount of land purchased by this Go-
vernment from the Indians, and the money paid
therefor. It appeared from this document that the
amount of land to which the Indian title has been
extinguished, is four hundred and forty-two mil-
lions of acres, and the amount paid therefor eighty-
two millions of dollars.
On motion by Mr. LINN, the memorial of the
corporate authorities of the city of St. Louis, pray-
ing a reimbursement of moneys expended on ¡heir
harbor, was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion by Mr. ROBINSON, the petition and
papers of Neil Moore and Company, now on file,
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. PIERCE, the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the petition of
Howland Dyer, was discharged from its further
consideration; and it was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PÍERC8, fiom the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petitions of John Vance,
and the petition of E. Shaler, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof;
which was agreed to.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, to which
were referred petitions on the subject, reported
A bill for the relief of John McClanahan;
A bill for the relief of Margaret Jamison; and
A bill for the relief of Mary Neal, widow of Sa-
muel Neal;
which were severally read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. P. also, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of
the heirs of Daniel Pottibone; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which was referred the bill to
authorize the erection of monuments to Brigadier
General Nash and Brigadier General William Da-
vidson, reported the same without amendment.
Tbe resolution submitted yesterday by Mr. Tap-
pan, in relation to the rules, was taken up, and dis-
cussed by Messrs. HUBBARD, PIERCE, LINN,
TAPPAN, and HUNTINGTON, and, on motion
of the latter, was laid on the table.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill for the relief of John C. Reynold*,
The bill for the relief of Francis Lavcnture,
EbenezerCbilds, and Linus Thompson;
The bill for the ielief of Francis Gehon;
The bill for the relief of James H. Kelfe;
The bill confirming to George Tucker, his heirs
or assigns, a certain tract of land in Alabama;
The bill for the ielief of Daniel Steenrod;
The bill for the relief or Thomas Haskins and
Ralph Haskins;
The bill m addition to an act to promote the pro-
gress of the useful arts;
The bill for the relief of Charles M. Keller and
Henry Stone;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Bogy;
The bill for ihe relief of Thomas P. Copes;
The bill for the relief of Jubal B. Hancock;
The bill for the relief of James M. Morgan;
The bill authonzing the Legislatures of Louisia-
na, Tennessee, and Arkansas, to tell the lands here-
tofore appropriated for the use of schools hi those
Slates;
The bill to perfect the titles to lands south of the
Arkansas river, held under New Madrid locations
and pre-emption rights, under the act of 1814; and
The joint resolution to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to extend further indulgence to cer-
tain of the late depos te banks;
were severally read a third time, and passed.
Mr. PHELPS submitted a resolution directing
the Secretary of the Senate to pay, out of the con-
tingent fund, to the widow of the late Stephen
Haight, Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate, the sum
of five hundred dollars for the purpose of defray-
ing the expenses incidental to his illness, and the
removal of the bodv to Vermont for mterm°nt;
and, also, to pay the widow the amount of salary
accruing for the residue of the term for which he
was elected.
The resolution, after some remarks ia explana-
tion by Mr. WRIGHT and Mr. PHELPS, was
adopted.
PERMANENT PEOSPECTIVE PRE EMPTION LAW
The bill to establish a permanent prospective
pre-emption syttem, in favor of settlers on the pub-
lic lands, who shall inhabit and cultivate the same,
and raise a log cabin thereon, being the special or-
der of the day, was taken up, the question being on
the amendment offered by Mr Calhoun to the mo-
tion to recommit the bill made by Mr. Critten-
den.
Mr. PRESTON submitted his views at much
length in opposition to the amendment.
Mr. SEVIER said he wished to submit a few re-
marks to the Senate on tha question now before
them, and though he would not occupy much of
their time, he would endeavor to hold a looking-
glass to some of the gentlemen who had been so
loudly boasting of their friendship and generosity
to the new States.
At the instance of several Senators, Mr. S. here
gave way for a motion to postpone the further con-
sideration of the subject until to-morrow.
The Senate then went into the consideration of
Executive business,
And then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, January 13, 1841.
The first business in order was the consideration
of the report of the Committee of Elections rela-
tive to the
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION CASE,
between Messrs. Naylor and IngersolIi.
Mr. NAYLOR being entitled to the floor, was
about to resume his remarks, when
Mr. GREEN asked him to give way for a few
moments to eaable him to again submit the resolu-
tion which he offered on yesterday, and to which
objection had been made, directing the Committee
of Ways and Means to consider the expediency of
reporting a bill imposing a tariff 4on wines, «Iks,
and other luxuries, for the purpose of meeting de-
mands upon the Government.
Mr. NAYLOR said he gave way to half a do-
zen applications yesterday, but could not pursue a
similar course to-day, as he had a desire to get
through the matter now before me House.
Mr. N. then resumed his remarks, and spoke
for some hours m reply to the arguments of Mr.
Insersoll. Without concluding, at three o'clock,
Mr. N. gave way to a motion to adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was, however, with-
drawn, to permit the following Senate bills to be
taken up; which were severally read a first and
second time, and appropriately referred:
An act to continue in force the act for the final
adjustment of private Hnd claims m Missouri, ap-
proved 9th July, 1832, and the act supplemental
thereto, approved 2d March, 1833;
An act to authorize the issuing of a patent to the
heirs or legal representatives of Francis Revard,
deceased;
An act for the relief of Mary Prettyman;
An act for the benefit of the Howard Institu-
tion of the city of Washington;
An act to refund to Noah Mnler and others a
part of the proceeds of the sale of the British sloop
Mary and cargo, which were captured by them and
labelled and sold for the benefit of the United
States;
An act confirming the claim of the heirs of Jo-
seph Thompson, jr. deceased, to a track of land in
Missouri;
An act for the relief of Lieutenant John E.
Bi-pham;
An act for the punishment of certain crimes
agaiaa the United States, and for other purposes;
Aa act to authorize the accounting officers of the
Treasury to settle tne accounts of Francis Gehon,
late marshal ot Wiskonsan;
An act for the relief of James H. Relfe;
An act for the relief of John C. Reynolds,
late disbursing agent of the Indian Department;
An act for the relief of Thomas Haskins and
Ralph Haskms;
A resolution, to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to extend furdier indulgence to certain of
the late deposite banks;
An act fcr the relief of Francis Laventure, Ebe-
nezer Childs, and Linus Thompson;
An act confirming to George Tucker, his heirs
or assigns, a certain tract of land in Alabama;
An act for ihe relief of Thomas P. Copes;
An act for the relief of Joseph Bogy;
An act for the relief of Charles M. Keller and
Henry Stone;
An act to perfect the title to lands south of the
rkansas river, held under New Madrid loca-
