CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
son, Dickerson, Doane, Dromgoole, Earl, East-
mari, Fine, Fisher, Garland, Goggin, Griffin,
Hammond, John Hastings, Hawkms, Hill of Va.
Hubbar J, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Kiile, Leonard,
Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, Marchand, Medill,
Miller, Montgomery, Nisbet, Parnsh, Pickens,
Reynolds, Rhett, Rives, James Rogers, Samuels,
Shaw, Sbepard, Thomas Smith, Steenrod, Strong,
Sweney, Taliaferro, Philip F. Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Vanderpoel, Watterson, Weller, Jared
W. Williams, and Wise—65
So there not being two-ihirds, the motion was
not agreed to
The report of the Committee of Elections rela-
tive to the
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION,
then coming up as the special order, and Mr. Nay-
lor being enti'led to the floor,
Mr. RIVES, chairman of the Committee of
Elections, asked the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to give way a mrment in order to afford him (Mr.
R ) an opportunity of renewing the following motic n
ineffectually made some days ago by the foimer
chairman of that committee, Mr. Campbell:
Resolved, That the Speaker of this House be re-
quested to issue a subpoena duces tecum to Samuel
Hart, esq prothonotary of ihe court of common
pleas for the city and county of Philadelphia, di-
recting the said Samuel Hart, e^q to appear per-
sonally, or by deputy, before this House, at one
o'clock, p. m. on Monday th? 18th ms ant, ith the
election returns and other papers on file in his of-
fice, relating to the Congressional election in the
Third Congressional District in the State of Penn-
sylvania in 1838, there to be examined in evidence
in the case of contested election now pending be-
tween C J Inoersoll and Chari es Naylor, from
the said Congressional district.
Mr. STANLY objected to the floor being given
by Mr. Naylor.
Mr. RIVES hoped the gentleman from North
Carolina would not object, as it was important that
the papers required by the resolution should be had
in season.
Mr. STANLY persisted
[It will be recollected that it was Mr Campbell,
of South Carolina the chairman of the Comtmtlee
of Election •, at the last session, who, a few days
ago, attempted, on two occas ons, to introduce toe
above resolution, Mr. C being:, as we are inform-
ed, in lavor of the majority repon. Both times ob-
jection was made by Messrs Stanly, Williams,
and other opposition members, who, it appears,
have no desire that Hart should appear with the
election return11, although they were called for by
Mr Campbell, who, it appears, is in favor of Mr.
Naylor. If the Whigs objected to the motion of
one m/aw  of the majority report, it was hardly
to be expected they would give way to the motion
when maó> by a signer of the minority report ]
Mr. NAYLOR said he had not the slightest ob-
jection to the passage of that resolution, but inas-
much as the House had twice refused to entertain
it, he did not deem it very respectful to again
press it
Mr. RIVES explained that it was a mistake to
say that any vote had been taken on the resolution,
for it had not yet been received.
Mr. NAYLOR persisted m his refusal, and was
about to proceed, when
Mr. JONES of Virginia hip'd the gentleman
would yield rte floor for one moment only, just to
enable him to move that the Treasuiy note bill be
made the special order foi Monday next. Mr. J
observed that the cond tion ot the Treasury was
one which required immediate rehef The motion
would take but a mrment, and he trusted the gen
tleman would permit it to be made.
Mr. NAYLOR said if he gave way for one, he
must for a dozsn, so he must dechre.
Mr N. then proceeded with hi> remark? in an-
swer to Mr. Inoersoll
After speaking until after three o'c'o-k, Mr. N.
concluded, and resumed his seat.
Mr GREEN ot Kentucky then asked leave to
submit the followirg resolution-
Resolved, That   the Committee   or Ways   and
Means    be   instructed   to   mquue   uno   the   ex-
edi*ncy and necessity of laying such duties, for
the purposes of revenue, upon wines and silks, and
such o'her articles of luxury imported into ihe Uni-
ted States, as will meet the necessary expenditure?
of the Government, and pay off the debt already
incurred by the issue of Treasury notes, and all
such other debts as may be owing by the Govern-
ment of the United S'ate ; and that said commtttee
report by bill or otherwise
Mr CAVE JOHNSON moved to adjourn, but,
after some conversation, the motion was with
drawn.
The question then being on the resolution of Mr
Green,
Objection was made to us reception, whereupon,
Mr. GREEN moved a raspers on of the rules,
and demanded the 5 eas and nayr, which were or-
derel
Mr. WISE rase to a question of order. He de-
sired to know if the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Naylor] was not entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER informed him that Mr N had
corcluded his remarks.
Mr. RIVES presumed that the cons deration of
the contested election case would still go on as the
special order
The SPEAKER si.d certainly it would, ard the
other claimant (Mr Inofrsoll) was entiiled to the
floor, the resolution of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, therefore, could only be entertained by a
suspension of the rules
Mr. JONES of Virginia wished to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, whether the bill re-
ported by the Committee on Manufactures, for
imposing a duty on foreign silks, did not cover this
resolution.
Mr. ADAMS replied that it would covei only a
part of the resolution, namely, so far «?s lelattd o
silks
The SPEAKER hsd oDsetved (hit it was rot
la order to <V v tha  question.
Mr WISE did no' wish to speak out of order,
but would merely observe, that although the bill re-
poned íroit the Commu ee on Manufactures re-
ferred only to sj ks, iet it w^s op-m to amend-
ment and might thus be made to covei (he wnole
ground
The question on the motion to suspend the rules
was ihen put, and decide 1 in the negative a, fol-
lows
YEAS—Mrssr« Adams, John W. Alien, Aa-
diew , Baker, Barraid, Boardman, Bond, Bats,
Briggs, Brock? ay, Ca houn, Wiluain B Camn-
b ll, Car oil, Carter, Ca-ey, Cufenden, Cwbb,
Cranston, Crork<"t, Curtis, Cu'hing, Edward Da
vie , John D ivis, Garre t Dav s, Edwards, Eve-
ietf, Fillmore, Fornanee, G>lbiaitb,G%tes, Good ,
Granger, Graves Green, Gnnnell, Habcsham,
Hawes, H>my, Hoffman, James, Chai l s Johnston,
Kempshall, King, Lane, Leet, Lincoln, MeCul-
loch, Marvin, Mason, Monroe, Morgan, Morrow,
Naylor, Osborne, Palen, Peck, Randall, Rayner,
Reed, Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant,
Simonton, Siade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stuart,
John B Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Triplet',
Trumbull, Underwood, Wairen, John White,
Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams, and Wm-
thron—80
NAYS—Messrs Alforl, Atherfon, Banks,
B^a'tj,, Bla< k, Blaekwell, Bovd, Aaron V. Brown,
Burke, Sampan H Bmler, William O. Bulle--,B5-
nuji, Carr, Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Conn r,
William R Cooper, Crary, Cioi-, Dana. John
W Divii, Daw cn, Deberry, Dirkerson, Don,
Doig, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Flojd, Gog«m,
Giaham, Gr ffin, Hammonl, John Hastings, Hill
ofVuginia, Ho'mes, Hops.iti~,Hi>bbard, Ismeson,
Josedh Jihnsrn, Ca e J"br=on, John W Jone",
Keim, K lie, Leadbe to, Leonard, L we 1, Lucas,
VcC'ellan, MeClu-e, McKay, Frapris Malloiy,
Maichand, Medill, Mootanya, Samuel W Morns,
Ne vhard, N soet, Parmenter, Pirk-ns, Prentiss,
Reynolds, Itiirs, Ed'ard Rogei , James Rogers,
Sam '1«, Snaw, Shepard, "Iho"a, Si> >h, Staik-
wea he , iSceiiod, Si'ong, Sume-, Tal ?f iro,
Francis Tr ona', P>vlip F Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, Tin \, Vondeiprel, David D Wagener,
Wtl      at    Wise—86
So l 2 House iefu ed to suspend the ru'es
Mr JONES of Virginia, then sstc 1 the permis-
sion of Mr Iwcmrsoll to permit him to offer a
resolution, making the Treasury note bill the spe-
cial order for Monday next, and for each sacceed-
mg day until it shall be finally disposed of.
And Mr INGERSOLL assenting,
Mr. JONES submitted the motion.
Mr. BARNARD moved to amend the motion as
follows:
That the Committee of the Whole on the State
the Union be discharged from the further conside-
ration of the bill in relation to Treasury notes,
and that the subject of making provision for the
wants of the Treasury he referred back to the
Committee of Ways and Means with instructions__
1.  To bring m a bill authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to borrow ten millions of dollars on
the credit of the Government, and to issue boads
or scrip therefor.
2.  To bring 111 a bill imposing addi'ional reve-
nue on wines, sdks, linens, *p ces, and other arti-
cles, being luxuries, imported into ihe United States,
but in such manner as not to confl ct with the
principle?, policy, and spirit of the act of 2d
March, 1833, commonly called the "compro-
mise act"
The SPEAKER decided that the amendment
could not be received, as a motion to make a bill
the special order did not open the meats of such
bill.
Mr BERNARD disjen'ed from the opinion of
the Chair, but did not appeal from the decision.
Mr JONES of Virginia then demanded the yeas
and nays on his motion, which were ordered.
Mr. DAWSON wished to inquire of the chair-
man of the Commit'ee of Ways and Means
whether th  money required by the Treasury Note
bill was wanted (or immeoiate use.
Mi. J0NE3 replied that a considerable propor-
tu n of 'he money would be required to meet de-
m"nd upon the Treasury during the first quaiter
of the piesent year. A large portion was also re-
quired to pay pensions which would fall due after
the 4*h of March. Likewise to meetother demands
which would fall due oetween this time and that
period.
In íeply to a further question by Mr. Dawson,
Mr JONES observed that it was proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to make provision
for all the wants of the Government during the
present year up to the first of January next. And
for himself, judging from the report of the Secre-
tar}', he believed tb.it toe meins foi tfae>ear would
bi sufficient to meet the expenditures. But, owing
to the inequality of receipt* and expenditures at
d ffTfiit portions of ihe year, it was essentially ne-
cssary that a temporary provision should be made
to enab'e the Treasury to meet demands upon it
during the present quarter, and to transpon money
to remote quarters where it would be immediately
required after the adjournment of Congress.
Mr. BARNARD wished to know what was the
mo'ion before the House.
The SPEAKER said it was the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Jones] to make the
Treasury note bill the special order lor Monday
next, which motion would requne a vote of two-
thirds.
After some debate of a conversational character
between Messrs BARNARD, BRIGGS, and
others, t e question \v&- taken on the motion of
Mr Jones, and it was decided m the affirmative
by j eas and naj °, a  follows
YEAS—Messts John W. Allen, Atherton,
Basks, Barnard, Beatty, Black, Blaekwell, Boyd,
Aaron V Brovn, Burke, Sampvon H. Butler,
Wm. 0 Btit'ei, Bynum, Joh-, Campbell, Carr,
Cairoll, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Con-
nor, Vailliam R. Cooper, Crary, Cross, Dana,
John Davis, Jchn W Ddvis, Dawson, Dickerson,
Doan, Doig, Duncan, Eail, Eastman, Ely, Fill-
more, Fine, Flojd, Fornance, Ga>braith, Garland,
Griffin, Gmnell, Habersham, Hammond, Hand,
J >l n Hastings, Hawes, Hawkins, Hoffman,
H ¡mes, H pkns, Habbaid, Jameson, Jenifer,
Cave Johnson, John W Jones, Keim, Kille,
King, Le dbetter, L<>et LeonaH, Lowell, Lucas,
McCkltan, MeC ure, McCulicch, McKay, Mar-
chand, Maivn, Medill, Miller, Monroe, Mon-
tanya, Morgan, Samuel  W   Morris, Newhard,
