CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                        im
subsequent session he had introduced a prospective
bill, and in 1837 such a principle had received the
assent of a majority of the Senate. He hoped both
the pre-emption and bankrupt bill would pass at
the present session; but the pre-emption bill would
benefit his constituent* a? much if passed a few
months hence, as now, but if action were delayed
much longer on the bankrupt bill, it would be of
little use to debtor or creditor in the State of Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. BENTON observed that the graduation bill
was the next in order.
Mr. WALKER said that would be death to the
bankrupt bill, and therefore he felt bound to vote
for the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky,
though he should prefer such a modification of the
motion as would give it precedence after the dispo-
sal of the bill which was ready to be disposed, of,
and that bill were pressed to an immediate vote?
Mr. HUBBARD was opposed, as was well
known, to the bankrupt bill—he had never receiv-
ed even the first memorial from his own State for
such a bill—but, from the last remark of the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, H would appear they were to
have but one measure during the present ¡session,
and that measure was to be the bankrupt bill. Now
he(Mr. Hubbard) was in favor of both the pre-
emption and graduat on bill , and he sustained them
in consonance with resolutions from his own State;
and to him it appeared that they ought to act on
the bill before them, (the pre-emption bill ) At the
last session of Congress the Senate passed a bank-
rupt bill, and the House to which it was then sent
for consideration had it now again under conside-
ration; but what was the course adopted with it
there (in the House of Representative*') Why, it
was even refused a consideration—it was not even
referred to a committee—by a majority of seven-
teen. What would be its fate now, he (Mr Hub-
bard) knew not, but it would be an e-onomy of
time to wait for the action of the other House upon
that bill, and therefore he hope 1 that the pre-emp-
tion bill would not be posponed
Mr. WALKER endeavored to discharge bib du-
ty to his constituents, but he would agree to make
the bankrupt bill the special order next after the
pre-emption bill, if that compromise were assented
to, and na othei bu$me>s then taken up till the
bankrupt bill was pas ed.
Mr. HUBBARD said that would not be in o-der.
Mr KING sai I it could not be made the special
order next after the pre empuon bill, it could only
be got at by postponing the other special orders
Mr. NORVELL was in favor of boih bills, and
as the question now stood, he felt himself placed in
a predicament, for he did not wish his vote to be
misunderstood, and therefore if the bankrupt bill
could be made the special order next after the pre-
emption bill, be should be glad that arrangement
were made.
Mr CRITTENDEN did not understand why
should not be made the special order next after the
pre-emption bill
Mr CALHOUN said gendeinen might get at
the bankrupt bill in one of two ways. It might be
done by moving to discharge it from the special or-
ders and put it on the general orders, and then it
could be taken up at any time. The other mode
was, to wait until one o'clock and then move the
postponement of all special and general orders,
to take up this bill. These were the only parlia-
mentary modes of reaching it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN perfectly understood his
position, he understood that a majority of the Se-
nate had the right to make what order they pleased.
After some other enervations from several Se-
nators,
Mr CRITTENDEN said he d'd net wish to em-
barrass any of tha friends of the bill, and with the
consent of the Senate, he would now withdraw his
motion, but gave notice that he would r new it,
and persist in it, as soon as the measure under con-
sideration was disposed of.
Mr  KING    That is right
Mr  BENTON.   That is parliamentary
The motion was then, by unanimous consent,
wilhdrawn.
PERMANENT PROSPLC (TVE PRE EMPTION BILL
The  bill  to establish a permanent pro>pecuve
pre-emption system, in favor of settlers on the pub-
lic land=, who shall inhabit and cultivate the same,
and raise a log cabin thereon, being the special or-
der of the day, was taken up, the question being
on the amendment offered by Mr Calhoun to the
motion to recommit the bill made by Mr. Critten-
den
Mr. SMITH of Indiana resumed and continued
his remarks m opposition to the amendment of
Mr. Calhoun, and in favor of the distribution bul.
BANKS OP THE DISTRICT.
Mr MERRICK then moved that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed, and ¡hat
the Senate take up the bill for the re-charter of the
Banks in the District of Columbia
Mr CLAY of Alabama said if it was important
to get the b'll to which ihe honorable Senator ironi
Maryland referred, before the other branch of
Congress, it was much more important—it wa  all
important, to act definitely as soon as possible on
the bid the gentleman desired to postpone He
was sorry that the geatleman should think it ne-
cessary to occupy so much oí the time of 'he
Senate with motions to advance some and to rbuist
aside other me ibures After sTnc other ebs<r/a-
tions he move i to lay the mr fon cf the Senator
from Maryland on 'Hp tobie
Mr. MERRICK eall'l for the a*,esat)d noes
thereon, which were ordered, and ihe motion of the
Senatoi from Alabama was deeded in the affirma-
tive—ayes 25, noes 15, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Benton, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Fulton, Henderson, Hubbard, Linn,
Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholas, Nicholson, Norvcl),
Pierce, Porter, Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Smith oí
Connecticut, Slurgeon, Tapp<n, Wa'ker, Wail,
Williams, and Wright-25
NAYS—Me srs   njay 0f Ky Clayton, <~r 'eli-
den, HurituiElon, Ker,  Knight,  Margvim,  Mir
rick, P.ielps, Pirn >   , Pr s'd , Rugs es S   i h-rd,
Tallmadge, and White—15
Mr SOUTHARD then ro e, and aJdre «fd the
Senate in opposition to Ihe amendment proposed
by Mi Calhcun, but be ft re concluding, gave wav
to a motion for adjournment,
Ai d he Sena e adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, January 15, 1841.
After the journal had been read,
Th" SPEAKER announced that the fiistba ine s,
in order was t>e motion to make the bill to r a-
blish
A UNIFORM SYSTEM OF BANKRUPTCY,
the special order for the 98th of tb = prcs-nt mon'b,
aid on which tfe 50a, and nays had been 01 Wed,
and pending which motion, the House had id-
journcd
The yeas and nays were then taken, and i,cif,
yeas 57, nays 96, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Alford, John W Allen,
Baker, Barnard, Boardman, Bend, Brewsier,
Bnggs, Brockway, Ca'houn, Caiter, Chinn, Chit
tenden, Cranston, Cu^hnig, Edwprd D^vie^, Daw-
son, D*llct, Edwaids, Galbranh, Gates, Gd
dings, Goode, Grander, Grinnell, Hand, Henry,
Hoffman, James, Chai'cs Johnston, Kemp^liall,
King, Lincoln, Meredi'h Mallory, Ma'on, Mon-
roe, Morgan, Nay lor, Nishet, Osborne, Picie,
Randall Reed, Ridgway, Edward Rofe's 8al
tonsta'l, Sergeant, Simonton, S ron™, Sluait, lacoo
Thompson, Tillmghast, Toland, David D Wage-
ner    f.  W Williams, and Win'hrop—57.
NAYS—Mecbis. Andrews, Atherton, ¿anks
Beatty, B ack, Blackwe 1, Botts, Boyd, Aaron V
Biown, Burke Sampson H Butler, John Carrp-
bMl Carroll, CU'ey, Clifford, Connor, W R Co ¡-
er, Craig, Crary, Cie^, Dana, Deberry, Dií ger ni,
Doan,Dug, Durcan, Earl, Éas man, E'y Fine,
Fisher, Ganand, G. rry, Gogjin, Graham, Griftn,
Habersha-n, John Hasting , H&wc , Haw .1 -.
Hill of North Ca 0'm.i, Hnp\in% Hi bb^rd
Jameson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Ji r^s, Kl
Lane, Leadbeti-"-, Leonard, Lewd!, Lur-s, vie
Carty, McCle Ian, McCI ik, Mi r ul'och, M( Kny
Francis M hoy, Marcha il, M lltr, Moiaiy-,
Mon gomery, Morns, Pa'r sh, P jnn, Pn kr 15s,
Pope, Premiss, Priffi, Randen, Rayiiei Re>
DOtd«, Rives,  James  Rog=r ,   Rossi-II, Samue s,
Shaw, Shepard, Tiomas Smith, Steenrod, Swearin'
gen, Sweney, Taliaferro, F. Thomas, Philip F.
Thomas, Tnplett, Trumbull, Turney, Warren,
Watterson, Weller, J. W. Williams, Henry Wil-
liams, Lewis Williams, Joseph L. Williams, and
Wise—96
So the House refused to make bill tbespecia
order for the 28'h ms'ant.
Mr. INGERSOLL was then about to proceed,
when
Mr RIVES hoped the gentleman would yield
the floor for one moment, m order that he might of-
fer the following resolu'ion, calling for papers con-
nected with the case:
Resolved, That the Speaker of this House be re-
quested to lisu? a subpmna duces tecum to Samuel
Hart, esq. prothonotary of the court of common
pleas far the city and county of Philadelphia, di-
recting the said Samuel Hart, esq. to appear per-
sosally, or by deputy, before this House, at one
o'tloclr, p m on Monday, the 18.h instant, with
he election returns and olher paper  on file in his
office, relating to the Congressional election in the
Th rd Congressional District in the State of Penn-
sylvania in 1838, there to be examined m evidence
in the case of contested elec'ion now pending be-
tween C J Inojersoll and Charles Naylor, from
the «aid Congressional District
Mr WISE objecting,
Mr RIVES said if the gentleman from Pennsyl*
vania would give him the floor, he would move a
suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER observed that if any membei
objected, the gentleman from Pennsylvania could
not yield the floor.
Mr RÍVES was again about to urge his request,
vhen
Mr WISE called him to order.
Mr INGERSOLL then proceeded m his reply
to the arguments < f Mr. Nayl'r, and having con-
cluded at a quarter past two o'clock,
Mi NAYLOR made a brief rejoinder, aftei
which, ihe question pending b-ing on the resolution
reported by the ni"iority of the Committee oí
L'ecttons, declaring Mr. Naylor to have been duly
elected—
Mr. JAMESON bel.evmg Out no good would
arise from furlhei discussion, moved the previous
question
Mr. MEDILL, a member of the Committee oi
Fi'ectians, hop<-d the scn^emm would withdraw
the call for the previous que tien, as he wished to
offer—(The condition which prevai ed prevented
the Report-r from hearing the remainder of ths
'entence )
Mr. WISE hoped the Committee of Elections
wou'd be permitted to say any thing they thought
proper on the siilject.
Mr. JAMESON said he regretted that his sense
of duty would not permit him to withdraw the call
for the previous question,for if the committee were
permitted to give their vi«ws, other members would
wi h to reply, and there would be no knowing
where the discussion sod excitement would end.
He therefore persisted in his demand for the pre-
vious question.
The call for the p evious question was then se-
conded by the House, and ths mam question, on
agreeing to the rcíoluuon oí the committee, ordered
to be put
Mr. FILLMORE, after observing that but few
members ware m fbeir seats, moved a call of the
House
The SPEAKER said that a motion for a call oí
the House could not be entertained after the pre-
vious question had been oidered.
Atth<?uque>t of several members, the resolu-
tion v* as ieid, as follow 
ResoUaK That Charles Naylor was duly elect-
ed a memb-r of the House of Representatives ior
the Twenty-sixth Cor-gres1-, rom the Third Congres-
sional Disuid of Pennsylvania
The e not being a ft II aitendanre of members,
rut it not beifig in  oifle  to move a call cf the
H311SP,
Mr VANDERPOEL thouaht that, as this was
an important question, be betterplan uould be to
adjourn, am' tA e iho vo'e in the morning, when
