1<H
there might be a lull House    He therefore made
that motion
Mr. WISE asked if the time when th? mo ion
was made (half past two) would be entered on the
journal.
The SREAKER said it would
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, byjeas and nay, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Atherton, Beatty, Black, Black-
well, Brewster, Borke, Clifford, Coles Wm R.
Cooper, Ctary, Cross, Dana, Davee, Dickerson,
Doan, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Everett, Fine,
Floyd, Fornance, Gerry, Hammond, Hand, John
Hastings, Hawes, Hill of North Carolina, Hillen,
Hub)bard,Jameson,Keim,Kille,Leadbetter,Lieonard,
Lowell, Marchand, Medill, Montgomery, S W
Morris, Parnsh, Parmen'er, Prentiss Reyno'ds,
Rives, Rogers, Shaw, Thomas Smith, Strong, Tay-
lor, P. F. Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turnpy Van-
derpoel, David D. Wagener, Jared W Williams,
Henry Williams, and Christopher H Williams
—58.
NAYS—Messrs Adams John W. Allen, An-
drews, Banks, Baker, Barnard, Boardman, Bond,
Bolts, Briggs, Brockway, Aaron V Brown, Samp-
son H But'er, John Campbell, Wm. B Campbell,
Carroll, Carter, Casey, Chapman, Connor, Crabb,
Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Cusbmg, Edward Da-
vies, John Davis, John W Davit, Garrett Davis,
Dawson, Deberry, Delist, |Doe, Edwards, Evans,
Fillmore, Fisher, Garland, Goggm, Goode, Gra-
ham, Granger, Graves Griffin, Habersham, Haw-
kins, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, James, Jenifer,
Chas. Johnston, Joseph Johnson, Wm Cost John-
son, Cave Johnson, John W. Jenes, Kempshall,
King, Lane, Lincoln, Lucas, McClellan, McClure,
McCulloch, McKay, Francis Mallory, Marvin,
Miller, Monroe, Moor*, Morgan, Nisbet, Palen,
Paynter, Peck, Randall, Randen, Rayner, Reed,
Ridgway, James Rogers, Russell, Saltonstall, Sa-
muels, Sergeant, Albert Smith, Truman Smith,
Stanly, Stsenrod, Stuart, Sumter, Taliaferro, Fran-
cis Thomas, Waddy Thompson, John B Thomp-
son, Tillmghast, Tnplett, Trumbull, Underwood,
Peter J. Wagner, Warren, Weller, John White, T.
W. Williams, Lewis Williams, Joseph L, Wil-
liams, Winthrop, asd Wise—111.
So the House refined to adjourn
And the question recurring on tne adoption of
the resolution,
Mr. FILLMORE observed, it was highly desira-
ble that there should be a full attendance before the
vote was taken, atd he hoped the House would
consent to a call
The SPEAKER said that such a motion could
be entertained only by general consent, as it was not
permuted by the rules
And there being: no objection,
Mr. FILLMORE moved that there be a call o!
the House, which motion was seconded, and a call
ordered
The Cibrk sailed the roll, when 194 memben
answered to their names
The doors were then closed,and the Clerk direct-
ed to call the names of the absenter 
Mr MASON moved that all further proceed-
ings in the call be dispensed with, and on that mo-
tion
Mr ATHERTON demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered, tnd being taken were
YEAS—Messrs John Q. Adams, Alioid, John
W Allen, Andrews, Banks,Baker, Barnard, Bell,
Blackwell, Boardman, Bond, Brings, Brockway,
Sampson H Butler, Calhoun, John Campbell,
Carr, Carroll, Carter, Casey, Chapman, Chmn,
Coles, Connor, James Cooper, Crabb, Cranston,
Crary, Crockett, Curtis Cashing John W Davis,
Garrett Davi?, Deberrv, D lief, Doan, Doe, Ed-
wards, Evans, Fillmore, Fisher, Gentry Goggm,
Graham, Granger, Graves Green, Griffin, Grin
nell, Habersham, Hal), Henry, Hill of Virginia,
Hill ef North Carolina, Hoffman, Hubbard, Hunt,
Jenifer, Charles Johns'on, Joseph Johrcon, Wil-
liam Cost Johnson, Cave Johnseo, liempshall,
King, Lane, Lincoln, France Malhrv, Marvin,
Mason, Monroe, Moore, Moi.jnn f^muel W
Morris, Morrow, Nisbet, Osborne, Palm, Paynter,
Peck. Pickens Randall, Randen, Rijn-i, Reed, ¡
Ridgway, Edward    Rogers,   Russell, SaltuiMali,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Paynter, Prentiss, Reynolds, Rives, Edw. Rogers,
James Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Albert Smith, John
Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Swearingen,
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Philip F Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Tatney, Vanperpoel, D. D Wagener,
Watterson, Weller, Jared W. Williams, and Henry
Williams—85.
So Mr. Nati or was declared to have been duly
elected, and, as such, entitled to a seat until the
closj of the present Congress.
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE,
Saturday, January 16, 1841.
Mr YOUNG presented two petitions of citizens
of Illinois and Iowa, praying tne establishment of
certain mail routes, which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEVIER piesented the memorial of the Le-
gislature of Arkansas, praying for an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the Washitta river,
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr S. also presented the memorial of the same
body, praying that inspectors of steamboats may
be appointed for the rivers of the State of Arkan-
sas, which was referred tojthe Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr FULTON presented the memorial of the
Legislature of Arkansas, asking that lands may be
appropriated in lieu of those in the neighborhood of
the salt springs owned by the United States, which
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr F. also presented a memonal from the same
b dy, in favor of the passage of a bill ceding the
public lands to the States in which they lie, on cer-
tain conditions The conditions aie similar to
those prescribed by the amendment of Mr. Cal-
houn, now under discussion The memorial was
read, and ordered to be printed
Mr MOUTON presented the memorial of the
Red River Railroad Company, praying a remission
of duties on rai'road iron, which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
citizens of Luzerne county, Pa praying the pas-
sage of a general bankrupt law, which, as a bill has
been reported, was laid on the table.
Mr NORYELL presented the memorial of ci-
tizens of Jackson county, Michigan, praying the
passage of a general bankrupt law, which was laid
upon the table
Mr WRIGHT presented the memonal of citi-
zens of New York, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of a bankrupt law, which was laid on the ta-
ble, and ordered to be printed.
Mr MERRICK presented the memonal of Isaac
Garrison, which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr CLAY of Alabama, from the Committee
on the Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief
of Jesse Carpenter, which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr CLAYTON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill respecting the heirs of Ag-
ne= Dunda*, which was read, and ordered to a se-
cond reading
Mr WALL, from the Committee on ths Judi-
ciary, to which was referred the memonal of M.
M (Auackenboss, reported a bill to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to make an arrangement
or compromise with any of the sureties on bonds
given to the United States by Samuel Swartwont,
late coll ctor of the customs for the port of New
York, which was read, and ordeied io a second
reading
Mr HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to which was referred the bill
for ihe relief of the Eagle Railroad and Lumber
Company, reported the same with an amendment
Mr YOUNG, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which was referred the bill for the
continuation of the Cnmberlanl load in ihe States
of Ohio, Indiana and Illinois, reported the same
without amendment
On motion by Mr ROANE, the petition and pa-
pers of Gen Thomas Nekon, ¡>ow on file,  «re re-
ferred to the Committee uu Revolutionary Ciarais,
Sergeant, Simonton, Slade, Albert Smith, Truman
Smith, Stanly, Stuait, Sumpter, Taliaferro, Waddy
Thompson, John B Thompson, Tillwghast, Trip-
le , Trumbull, Underwood, Peter J. Wagner,
■Warren, Watteraon, John White, Thomas W.
Williams, Lewis Williams, Joseph L. Williams,
Christopher H Williams, Winthrop, and Wise—
115
NAYS—Messrs Atherton, Beatty, Boyd,
Brewster, Aaron V Brown, Burke, William 0.
Butler, Bynum,Chfford,W.R. Cooper, Cross, Dana,
Thomas Davee, Edward Davies, John Davis,
Dickerson, Dnncan, Eail, Eastman, Ely, Everett,
Pine, Floyd, Fornance, Galbraith, Gerry, Goode,
Hammond, Hand, John Hastings, Hillen, Hop-
kins, James, Jameson, Kille, Leidbetter, Leonard,
Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McClure, McCulloch,
McKay, Marchand, Medill, Miller, Newhard,
Parnsh, Parmenter, Prentiss, Reynelds, Rives,
James Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, [Starkweather,
Steenrod, Strong, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Philip
P. Thomas, Jacob Tb impson, Toland, Turney,
Vanderpoel, Weller, Jared W Williams, and
Henry Williams—66.
So all further proceedings in the call were dis-
pensed with
The resolution was again read, after which
Mr. TAYLOR of Ohio moved to adjourn, bjt
the motion was negatived by tellers as follows,
ayes 86   noes 106
Mr WATTERSON moved to lay the whole
subject on the table
Mr L WILLIAMS demanded the yeas and
nays
Mr WISE desired to know whether, in cace the
motion to lay on the table should prevail, the sitting
member, Mr Nati or, would not remain in his
seat
The SPEAKER said that weuld be the effect oí
the motion, should it prevail
Mr JENIFER wished to know whether, this
being a privileged question, it could not be again
called up at any time
The SPEAKER said it could
The motion to lay on the table was then with-
drawn
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and decided in the affirmative by neas and nays,
asjfollows
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Alford, J W Allen,
Andiews, Banks, Baker, Barnard, Bell, Boardman,
Bend, Botts, Bnggs, Brockway, S H Butler, W
0 Butler, Calhoun, John Campbell, William B
Campbell, Carr, Carrol!, Cuter, Casey, Chmn,
Chittenden, James Cooper Crabb, Cranston,
Crockett, Curtis, Cushmg, Edward Davies, John
W. Davis, Garrett Davis, Daw son, Deberry, Del-
let, Doe. Edwards, Evans, Everett, Fillmore,
Fisher, Garland, Gates, Gentry, Giddmgs, Goggm,
Goode, Granam, Granger, Graves Green, Gnn-
nell, Habersham, Hall, Wm S Histings, Hawes,
Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hill of North Carolina,
Hoffman, Hunt, James, Jenifer, Charles Johnston,
William Coa Johnson, Kempshall, King, Lane,
Lincoln, Francis Mallory, Marvin, Mason, Mon-
roe, Moore, Morgan, Calvary Morris, Morrow,
Nisbet, Osborne, Palen, Peck, Pope, Randall,
Randen, Rayner, Reed, Rhett, Ridgway, Russell,
Saltonstall, Sergeant, Shepaid, Simonton, Slade,
Truman Souih, Thomas Smuh, Stanly, Stuart,
Sumter, Taliafeiro, Waddy Thompson, John B
Thompson, Tullnghast, Toland, Tnplett, Trum-
bull, Underwood, P J Wagner, Warren, J White,
Thomas W Williams, Lewis Williams, Joseph L.
Williams, Christopher H Williams, Winthrop,
and Wise—116
N"AYS—Messr* Atherton, Beattv, Blackwell,
Brewster, Aaron V Brown, Burke, Bjnum, Chap-
man, Clifford, Coles, Connor, Wm R Cooper,
Crary, Dana, Davee, John Duvio, Dickerson,
r>oan,Doi2, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine,
Floyd, Fornance, Galbrait-i, Gerry, Griffin, Ham-
mond, Hand, John Hastings, Hawkins, Piulen,
Hopkins, Hubbard, Jameson, Joseph Johnson,
Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W Jones,
Keim, Kille, Leadbetler, Leonard, Lowell, Lucas,
McClellan, McClure, McCulloch, McKay, Mar-
chand, Meddl, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery,
Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parmb, Parmenter,   J
