106
CONGRESS IONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Satukday, January 16, 1841.
After the journal had been read,
Mr, CAMPBELL of South Carolina asked leave
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That Charles J Ingersoll be paid the
mileage and per diem of a member of Congress up
to the time that the case of the contested election
between himself and Charles IN* y lob, from the
Third Congressional District of the State of Penn-
sylvania, was decided by the House.
Objection being made,
Mr. CAMPBELL moved a suspension of the
rules, and thereupon called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut suggested to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina the introduction of a
clause providing for a deduction from the per diem
allowance and mileags paid last session to Mr In-
gersoll for witnesses and taking testimony. If •such
a clause should! be inserted, he, Mr. S. would voie
for the resolution.
But the yeas and nays having been ordered,
were then taken, and resulted—yeas 55, nays 85,
as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Alford, Atherton, Brewster,
Bngg?, Burke, Sampson H Butler, John Campbell,
Carroll, Chinn, Cliffoid, Wilham R Cooper, Craig,
Crockett, Dana, John W. Davis, Dawson, Doig,
Earl, Ely, Pine, Fisher, Floyd, Galbrauh, Gerry,
Hammond, Joseph Johnson, Kille, Lowell, Mc-
Clure, Marchand, Miller, Montanya, Montgome-
ry, Nisbet, Parrisb, Pickens, Prentiss, Reynolds
Rhett, Elward Rogers, James Rogers, Shaw,
Starkweather, Steenrod, Sirong, Sumter, Sivca-
nngen, Sweney, Pbihp F. Thomas, Tacob Thomp-
son, Vanderpoel, Weller, Wick, Jared W Wil-
liams, and Wortinngton—55.
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Andrews, Banks, Ba-
ker, Barnard, Blackwell, Boardman, Bond, Botts,
Breckenndge, Brockway, Calhoun, Carr, Carter,
Casey, Chittenden, Connor, Cranston, Cuslung,
Edward Davie?, Garre t Davis, Deberry, Dellet,
Edwards, Evans, Evereit, Fillmore, Garland,
Gates, Giddings, Goggm, Gootte, Granger, Green,
Griffin, Gnnnell, Hall, Henry, Hill of N C. Hop
kin', Hubbard, James Charles Johnston, Cave
Johnson, Kerapshall, King, Lucas, McCarty, Mc-
Clelian, McKay, F Malloiy, Marvin, Masrn,
Morgan, C Morns Morrow, Osborne, Peck, Fri f-
fit, Randall, Randen, Reed, Ridgway, Russell,
Saltonstall, Samuels, Sergeant, Simonton, John
Smith, Truman Smith, Thos. Smith, Stuart, Tay-
lor, Waddy Thompson, John B Thompson, Til
lmghast, Toland, Trumbull, Turney, Watteison,
Lewis Williams, Joseph L Williams Christo
pher H Williams, Wmthrop, and Wise—85
So the roles were not suspended
Mr. PROFF1T asked leave to intioduce a reso-
lution calling upon the Secretary of the Treasury
for information as to what particulai appropriations
that officer is of opinion may be dispensed with
during the present year.
Objection being made,
Mr. PROFFIT moved a suspension ot the rules,
which motion was negatived
Mr. RIVES, from the Committee of Elections
on leave, reported a resolution authormng the pay-
ment to Mr Carlisle, clerk of the committee, an
extra compensation of $3 p r day for the great la-
bor he was compelled to perioral at the last  ts
sion.
On motion of Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, the reso-
lution was laid on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Commit'ee of Claims
reported back to the House, without amendmen',
Senate bills entitled
An act for the reli f of Charles M Kdier a n
Henry Stone, and
An act for the rc'ief of Lieutenant Juhn E
Cispham,
which were severally read a fir t and °econ<l time,
and committed to a Committee of ihe Whole on
the state of the Union
On metion of Mr GIDDINGS, the Comm t ee
of Claims was discharged from thp further consid<=
ration of the petitions of George Fi her, Wiluam
B. Whitehead, James Pennoycr, S B Tucl, Dr F
Weedats,   Lavma   Yolk,   Gtoige  W     Walton
and William Clendemrjg, which reports were or-
dered to he upon the table
Mr. J. W. WILLIAMS, from the Committee
of Claims, made an unfavorable report on the pe-
tition of Dallam and Hamburg, which was ordered
to lie upon the tab'e.
Mr. CURTIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back to the House without amend-
ment, Senate bill entitled 'An act to refund to
Noah Miller and others a part of the proceeds of the
sale of the British sloop Mary and cargo, which
were captured by them, and libelled and sold for
the benefit of the United States" which bill was
lead a first and second time, and committed
to a Committee of the Whole on the State of th*
Union.
Mr. WINTHROP, from the same committee,
reported
A biU for the relief of Thomas Eldndge,
A bill for the relief of the o wneis of the ship Lex-
ington, of Nantucket, and
A bill for the relief of the schooner Josppb, of
Wareham,
which were severally read a first and second time,
and committed to a Committ'-e of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HABERSHAM, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill to amend an act to ex-
tend the limits of the port of New Orleans, pa.sed
on the 9th day of February, 1837, which was read
a first and second time, and referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole
Mr H also made an unfavorable report on
the memorial of merchants and ship owneis of
Richmond and Petersburg, in ihe State of Virginia,
in favor of a marine hospital at City Po nt, which
report wa-s ordered to lie upon the tablp
Mr. CASEY, from the Comrm tee on Fub'ic
Lands, reported the following resolution, which
was agreed to
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the
annual report of the Commissioner of the Gene-
ral Lard Office, together with the maps, be printed
for the u-e of the House Proivled, The same
plptes can be use 1, upon which the 'ame m ps
furnished the Senate hav  Letn printed, and with-
uut any additional expens- for engraving
Mr CRARY, trom th" <ame committee, reported
a bill to a-nend an act entitled "An act to aulho-
rii" the State of Tennessee to i«sue grants and
peifect titles to certain lands theiein deceit b'd, and
to settle the claims to the vacant and unappro-
pnated lands withm the same," pas ed the 18th day
of April, 180G
After some remarks by Messrs CAVE JOHN-
SON, WISE, MONTGOMERY, and LEWIS
WILLIAMS, the bill, with ceitam amendmeiits,
by geneial consent, was ordered to be printed
Mr JOHN W DAVI^!, from the Select Com-
mittee app< inted on the 31st December ultimo, to
which was referred the letter from John C Rives,
one of the firm of Elaie & Rivks, &c made the
following rpport-
The Select Commitiee to which was referred
Ihe letter of John C Rives, one of the Printers to
this House, dated the 31st ultimo, and the memo-
rial of Hugh A Garland, Clerk to this House,
dttcd thp 4th instant, both communications refer-
ring to a controveisy between the pirties as to the
powers of the Cleik to con'rol the binding of Con-
gressional documents and tie punting of the spe-
cial orders of the Hou«e, ha/e given to the subject
that attention which ¡t leeined to demand, and now
ask leave to report
In the first piiagraph of Mr Hives's letter, com-
plaint is made that the Clerk had not sent all the
puiitmg ordered by the House to Bla r and Rives,
as Printers to tais body The Clerk under some
examples to be found in the pi act ce of this body
withm the last few yea™, felt an honze 1 to con-
tract wuh others than the Printers elect to this
House, for soeh items of prtiitu % as were ordered
by the special act of this body Tinder this prac-
tice the Clerk felt himself at liberty to give to Mr
Lingtiee the printing of an index to tne reports
?nd d< currents ordeied to be prepared n th«  year
1837, but which was not i tody for the press until
the last season. Hi  to ihe print ng of this docu
ment that Mr   Rives refers in the first  part  of
his letter. The committee have examined, for both,
the law and the precedents to justify this transfer of
printing to others than the public Printers, and af-
ter proper investigation, are compelled to the coa-
elusion that all the printing to be exeeuted by the
older of the House, of right belongs to the Printers
elected by it, and that no special order of the House
to the Clerk to have executed a particular item of
printing, can in any manner vitiate the claim efttae
public Printer to execute such work For example,
if, by the contract between this House and the
public Printers, the House has the right to de-
mand the execution of such work of its Prin-
ters, they (th  Printers) are in return entitled
to receive it, if they uesire it and that such obliga-
tion does rest upon the Printers, is manifest from
the fact that the condition of their bond (given for
tho faithful performance of their duty) expressly
declares that "if they shall well and faithfully exe-
cute all the printing, &c."—which ¡>hows conclu-
sively their obligation to perform all such service
and also shows, m the estimation of the committee
the right to receive all the printing ordered by thi
House. The committee, however, beg leav,
to state, that as the pnntirg of the index ree
feired to, is in a state of forwardness at the office-
of Mr Langtree, it should remain to be completed
by him, according to the terms of the contract made
by the Clerk wuh Mr L for the execution of that
work The committee have made this suggestion
wuhout compromitting the principle which they
have laid down, as to the claim of the public Printer
to do all the printing, because the committee are
not advised thet ever that document has been or-
dered to be printed
Upon the subject of binding the committee have
searched m vain for any legal provision in relation
to the matter Until within the last twelve or four-
teen j ear , little or no binding had been ordered by,
or was executed for, Congre's, and during that pe-
riod it has always been executed either directly or
indirectly by the Printers to the House, as appears
both by testimony given to the committee, and
the archives oí the Cleik's office.
Your committee do not assume the position that
binding constitutes any part of the business of a
primer, or that it is even germam to that avoca-
tion, in fact, it is in evidence before us, that print-
ing and binding are distinct and separate branches
of business, and usual pursued as such. Notwith-
standing, )our committee are of opinion the prac-
tice which has obtained for the last twelve years
should be adhered to, until Congressional legisla-
tion shall specifically assign this duty to some ex-
ecutive officer of the House, or provide for its ex-
ecution in ^ucli mode or manner as may be
thought most expedient In ordei to show that the
binding has been con-idered as a perquisite to the
public printing, it is only necessary to refer to the
reports made at the last seision of Congress by a
select committee, and the debate connected with
them
The following conclusions are submitted as the
result of the deliberations of the committee:
Ftrsi That thtre is nothing in the character of
the controversy, or the evidence submitted, to im-
ply censure upon either of the parties, but seems to
have been the result of a misapprehension of the
legi'imate spheie of their respective duties.
Stcmd That, b/ existing laws, all the printing
ordered by tha House should be executed by the
public Printer
Th rd That, in accordance with the usage of
the last twelve >ears, m ths absence of any legal
provision*, the binding of such documents as
he may print should be executed by the public
P inter as an incident to the printing
The committee ask  to be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
Respectfu'lj submitted
JNO. W. DAVIS, Chairman.
The report was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be print* d
The SPEAKER then laid before the House the
following communications, viz
1 Fiom the First Comptroller of the Treasury,
tran"mit*ms, in compliance with the provis ons of
the act of Conpie"% passed the 3d March, 1809,
First   A statement of *uch officers as have not
