CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             w%
rendered their accounts within the year, or have
balances unaccounted for, advanced one year prior
to the 30lh September, 1840. Second. A statement
of accounts m his office which have remamed un-
settled, cr on which balances appear to have been
due more than three years prior to the 30th Sep-
tember, 1840. Third An abstract of money ad-
vanced prior to the 3d of March, 1809, on the
books of the late Accountant of the War Depart-
ment, and which remamed to be accounted for on
the books of his office on the 30th of September,
1840.
2. From the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting a report in answer to a resolution of the
House of the 16ih of December ultimo, as to what
subordinate custom-house officers have been dis-
pensed with within the penod of two 3 ears last
past, and what had been the rate of compensation
previously paid ta such officers for their services,
and also relative to the erection of custom houses
in New York and Boston.
3   From the Fir=,t Comptroller of the Treasury,
transmitting a statement cf balances on the books
of the Register of the Treasury which have remain-
ed unsettled for three years prior to the 30th Sep-
tember, 1840, made in obedience to the act passed
3d March, 1817.
4   From the Secretaiy of War, transmitting, in
compliance with the filth section of th- act of the
3d of March, 1809, a leportof the Third Auditor,
showing the expenditure of the appropriation for
the contingent expenses of the military establish-
ment during the year 1840.
5. From the Secretary of the Navy, transmu-
ting, in compliance with the ninth section of the
act of 20th April, 1818, a statement showing the
names of the cleik^ employed during the year 1840
in the offices of the Secretary oí the Navy and the
Navy Commissioners respectively, the time each
clerk was actually employed, and the sum paid to
each.
The above communications were «everally laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed
The Senate bill entitled, "An act supplementary
to the act entitled, An act for the dkcon íauance of
the office of surveyor general in the seveial dis-
tricts, so soou as the surveys therein cm be com-
pleted, for abolishing land offiees undei certain cir-
cumstances, and for other purposes," ¿ppioved June
32,1840, was read a first and stcond time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands
The House then resolved itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole on the private b'lls on the ca-
lendar.
After some time spent therein, the following
bills now reported, with an amendment, striking
out the enacting clause.
A bill for the relief of Nothaniel Goddard and
others.
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal lepre-
santatives of Don Carlos de Villemont.
A bill for the relief of Jeremiah Smith.
Also, the following bills, without amend men'
A bill to incorporate the Washington City Bcne-
volent^Society.
A bill for the relief oí Sarah H. B Stith and
children.
A bill for the relief of W. B. Winston.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Jones and others.
A bill for the relief of Thompson Hutchinson.
A bill for the relief of Esther Parrott.
Also, a bill for the relief of Job Halsey.
Without com.ng to any dec sion thereon,
The following bills, reported without amend-
ment, were then taken ur> by the House, and order-
ed to be engrossed for a third leading
A bill for the relief of W. B. Wrasttn.
A bill for the relief Elizabeth Jones and otheis.
A bill for the relief Thompson Hutchison.
A bill for the relief of Esther Parro .
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal re
preventatives of Don Cailos e'e Villemont vas next
taken up, and the amendment of the commuee,
striking out the enacting oka e, c nruned n
The questu n th- n be 1 5 on agietin? with the
amendment o the o mmiftep, linking or.' th-
enacting cla-ire of too bill for theipinf of Natha-
niel Goddard and others fie y< ;s and n-iys weie or-
dered, when the Hou r auj wned
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 18,1841.
The PRESIDENT submitted a communication
frcm the Secretary of the Treasury, communica'mg
a report from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, m reply to a resolution submitted some
time since by Mr. Clay of Kentucky, in relation to
the sales of the public lands, which have been for
several designated pel íods of time liable to sale at
pab'ic entry; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed
Mr CLAY subsequently moved that one th iu-
sand additional copies should be printed, which,
after some remarks by Messrs. WALKER, KING,
aud CLAY of Kentucky, was agreed to.
AMERICAN WATER ROTTED HEMP
The PRESIDENT also submitted a report from
the Secretary of the Navy in reply to a re^olu ion
submiited by Mr. Benton, some days since, m re-
lation to the use of American water-rotted hemp
in the navy of the United States.
Mr. BENTON moved that the report be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Naval'Affairs
Mr. BUCHANAN expiessed his gratification
that the Senator from Missouri (Mr Bentsn) had
introduced this subject to the attention of the Se-
nate and the countiy. He himself, a number of
years ago, had procured sone hemp to be water-
rotted in Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, the
placa of his residence, and to be sent to the navy
yard in Philadelphia. After trial, it was found to
be fully equal, it not superior, to the best Russisn
hemp. The process of water-rotting had, however,
been abandoned, m that county, m consequence
chiefly of an impression that it was unhealthy
Mr. Myerle had written him several letters on
this important vibjeet. That pontleman, with a
persevennc andeneigy which deservid all praise,
had introduced extensively m Kentucky the profess
ot water-otung He h.id conqueied the prejudi
cis wh ch heretofore exited against it, and
ha I, as hr states, demonstrated th^t it was
not unhealthy. This was a most expensive ope-
ration, in which he had risked his1 all, and he had
thus rendered preit service to his country Why
should  f be depenelent upon fore gn nations for
the article of water-rott d hemp, which is essential
both to our navy, and to our merchant service? Mr.
Mverle had demonstrated that our countrymen
could supply this aitic'e in abundance He had
sent Mr B a specimen of his hemp, which had
been submitted to tho^e who were judges of the
a'ticl", and had been promunced equal to the best
Russia hemp.
After Mr Myerle had emba'ksd bib all in this
business, it would be highly unjust to deprive him
of the benefit of his exertions The Navy De-
paitment, according to the existing laws, woi Id be
brund to grant the contract for American water rot
ted hemp to the lowest bidder. It might thus happen,
and Mr. Myerle was apprehensive it would hipper,
that some individual, taking advantage of theknow-
ledge acquired by his toils and exertion?, miahtun-
derbiJ him a trifling amount, and thus, impose
upon him ill the labor and expense of introducing
the process of water-rottng hemp, whilst all the
advartages would resuU to another He thought it
was no more than strict juvice that th  Department
should be authonzed to coatiact with Mr Myeile
for a reasonable quantity of hemp at a fair price,
without advertising for othei bidders.
B> was glad that the Senator from Missouri hid
moved m this business, a it could not be under bet
ter a ispices.
The motion to print and refer was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial of cUjt-pps
of New York, remonslialing against 'he passage of
any bankrupt law which does not contain a provi-
sion mc'mlmg binks wh eh wa- laid on the table,
aud ordere' 10 1>° printed
Mr TAPPAN presented a memoi al from citi-
zens of Perrysburg, Ohio, in favor of the passsge
of a general bankrupt law, which was laid on the
table
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial of
citi/ens of Connecticut, praying the passage of a
genet l bankrupt law, which was laid on ihe ta-
ble.
Mr. MOUTON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memenals of the
branch pilots of New York and New Orleans, re-
ported a bill to repeal an act concerning pilots, ap-
proved March 2,1837, which was read, and order-
ed to a second reading.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Joint Committee on the
Library, reported a joint resolution for the relief of
Langtrce and O'Sullivan; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the petitions of Caleb Eddy
and George W. Jcnes, made unfavorable reports
thereon After some remarks from Mr. KNIGHT
and Mr. KING, the report was laid on the table.
Mr WHITE gave notice that to-morrow he
wou'd ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for
satisfying outstanding claims to military bounty
land warrants.
Mr. PIERCE gave notice that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bill relating to judi-
cial courts for the district of New Hampshire.
Mi. HENDERSON presented the memorial of
numerous shipmasters and others in the port of
New Orleans, praying a slight modification of the
laws relating to pilots, passed March 2, 1837;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
pnn'ed.
The resolution submitted on Saturday last by
Mr Tappan to go into an election of Sergeant-at-
Arms, was, on Mr. T's motion, laid on the table.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky submitted the follow-
ing re-solution, which wat> considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
furnish the Senate with a statement, showing in
tabular foi in the lands, the titles for which were
closed under the relief laws of 31st March, 1830,
and 25th February, 1811, giving the numbers of
acre> m each ibstnct which were sold at and under
^5 per acie; fiom $5 to §10 per acre, from $10 to
$15, from §15 to $20, from p,0 to $30, from $30
to #40, from $40 to $50, from §50 to 60, from $60
to §70, frtm $70 to $80, from $80 to $90; from $90
to $100, and $100 and upwards per acre; the
amounts paid on such sales respectively and for-
feited, the rates at which such sale were closed per
acre, al'o, the gro^s amount of lands, patented un-
der each of thpse two laws m each district; the
amounts m gross forwhici they were originally
¡►old, the gro"-b amounts paid on them and forfeited;
and the gross amounts finilly received for them.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to encourage the introduction, and promote the
cultivation, of tropical plants," appioved seven h
July, 1S38, and
The b 11 to confirm the sWyey and location of
claims ¡or lands in the Slate of Mississippi, east of
the Pearl rrter, and south of the thirty-first degrees
of north latitude;
were severally read a thud time, and passed.
The bill for the relief Qregoire Sarpy, or his
legal repiesentatives, was considered as in commit-
tee of the whole, and ordeied to be engiossed for a
third leading.
The bill making certain appropriations for the
Patent Office was taken up, and aftei being ex-
plained by Mr STURGEON,
Mr. CALHOUN moved to s'rike out an appro-
pnaii n for collecting agucultur?l statistics, which
he advocated at some length The motion was op-
posed by Mr STURGEON, Mr WALKER, and
Mr. PRENTISS, and, it being one o'clock, on mo-
tien by Mr SMITH of Connecticut, the further
eonsiileiation of the bill was postponed until to-
morrow.
rr¡tMA\rí\T prospective pee rsiPTiON law
The bill to es'ablish a permanent prospective
pre emp'ion ■.yqem, in favor of settlers on the pub-
he lands, who shall inhabit and cultivate the same,
an I ra.se a log-cabm thereon, being the special
order of the d?y, was taken up, the question being
on the amendment offered by Mr Caihoum to the
motion to recommit the bill made by Mr. CRirra-N-
DEN.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama addressed the Senate at
much length m favor of the original bill and the
amendment of Mr. Cat hou , and in opposition to
the substitute propo ed by Mr Crittlsden
