112
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wool costing less than 8 c's per lb.   -         433 669
duicksüver             -          -           -           56 746
Opium         ....           67,073
Crude salt petre        -           -           -         1X9,606
All other articles      -           -           -      3 854,966
§52 967,250
Deduct excess of expoiis our import*
On dye wood          -           - 15,533
coooa               -          - 52.946
camphor          -          - 15,183
Excess in value on pepper     9,994 .------93,656
#52 873 594
Deduct specie       -           -     14,712 011
Balance consumed           -   $38 161,583
B
Selection of cerium free artichs consumed tit 1838.
Silk, and manufactures of      -           -$7,897 343
Silk and worsted,       -          -          -    1,520 154
Worsted stuffs,            -           -           -    3,878,941
Linens, bleached, &c -           -           -    3 098 557
Ticklenburgs, &c.       -           -           -       333 024
Sheetings,       ....       148554
Bolting Cloths             -           -           -        26,528
Wool, under 8 cents per lb.   -           -      438,669
Crude Saltpetre,          -           -           -       119,606
Amma's, not for breed,           -           -       150,219
Furs, undressed,          -           -           -       300,045
Coffee,            -           -           .                7,133,010
Tea,.....    2 559,246
Copper, in pigs         -                      -       812,170
sheeting,        -          -          -       526,792
old     -           -           -           -         78 590
|29 026 448
The report was laid on the table, and ordeied to
be printed
Mr. LUMPKIN presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature cf the State ot Georgia in relation to the
depredations ot the Creek Indians in 1836, and
asking compensation therefor
Also, resolutions of the same body m íelation to
the claim of Dennis Hills
The resolutions were severally referred to tbe
Committee on Claims.
Mr. LUMPKIN also presented various resolu
tions of the Legrlatureof Georgia, asking for the
establishment of mail routes from Dahlonega to
Blairsville; from Brunswick, Ga to Tallab.as.ste or
Chattaboochie, in Florida, from Lafayette to ti e
county seat in Dale county, Irom Clarke ville
Ga. to Ashville,N C , from Irwmsville to Pendei-
ton, from Augusta to Carnesville, from Newman,
Ga. to Lafayette, Ala Ihe ¡evolutions were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. YOUNG presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Illinois, instructing their Senatots and re-
questing their Representatives to use their exertions
to prevent the repeal of the Independent Treasury
law, and to vo e against all bills having for tbon
object the establishment of a National Bank. Tne
resolutions were read, and ordered to be printed
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented the petition of
Mark Burnhara, representative ci Robeit Rogers,
deceased; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. MERRÍCK presented the memorial of citi
zens of Baltimore, praying an appropnacun by
Congress for the construction of a foitre^s on Sel-
ler's Point Flats which was íesd, refened to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and oidcred tobe
printed
On motion by Mr ANDERSON, the papers in
relation to the claim of Clemens, Bryan and  Com
pany, were permitted to  be withdrawn from the
fiksofthe Senate
Mr. RUGGLES presented the memorial of ship
owners and others interested m tne navigation ot
Long Island Sound, praying for the erec ion of a
ligh'boat on Execution Rock, which wa„ referred
to the Committee on Commerce
Mr. KING presented the memorial of the Mobile
and New Orleans Railroad Company, praying fa
an ex'ension of time for the payment of duties on
imported railroad iron, which, as a bill has been
already leportcd on this subject, was lail on the
table.
Mr PORTER presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, praying the passage of a general bank-
rupt law, which was laid on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to which the memorial on
the subject was referred, reported a bill for the re-
lief of the legal representatives of John De Tre-
ville, deceased, which was read, and ordered to a
second reading
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which a memorial oa the subject had
been refened, reported a bill directing warrants to
issue for the bounty land due on account of the ser-
vices of Major General Duportail, Brigadier Gene-
ral Armand, and Majoi De La Colombe, which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WHITE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to pro-
vide for satisfying outstanding claims to bounty
lands for military services during the late war with
Great Britain, which was read 'wice, and retened
to the Committee on the Public Lands
Mr. SEVIER, in pursuant e of previous not.ee,
asked and obtained leave to introduce in a bill for the
relief of the heirs of Samuel Mackey, which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs
Mr PIERCE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill in le-
lation to the jud cial courts of the District of New
Hampshire, which was read twice, aad referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary
On motion  by  Mr  TAPPAN, the bill from
House making temporary provision for lunatics in
the District of Columbia was taken up as m com
mittee of the whole, and after being amended, was
ordeied to be engrossed for a third reading
On motion by Mr LUMPKIN, the bill for the
relief of Avery, Saltmaish and Company, was ta-
ken up as in committee of the whole, and ordered
to be engrossed for s third reading.
On motion by Mr. KING, the bill reg> lating
commercial intercourse between the poit of Cay
enne, in French Guiana, and for the remission of
ceitam dunes and
The bill to authorize the Secretaiy of the
Treasury to re'und the duties collected on the
French ship Alexandre, were severally considered
as in committee of the whole, and ordeied to be en-
grossed for a third reading
O i motion by Mr NORVELL, the bill auiho-
rt? ng the President of the United S a es to caus?
surveys of the lak s and lake coasts to be made,
 i< considered as in eommutee of the whole, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading
BILLS PASSED
The bill for the settlement if the claims of the
State of New Hampshire against the United States,
and
The bill for the relief of Gregoire Sarpy or his
legal representatives, were severally read a th rd
time, and passed
On motion bv Mr KNIGHT, the report of the
Committee on Commerce, adveise to the petition of
Caleo E Idy, was taken up, and after some remarks
by Mr KNIGHT and Mr KING, the report was
recommitted
Oa motion by Mr STURGEON, the bill to
make certain appropriations fii the Pa'ent Office
was taken iip, and the question being on the
amendment proposed by Mr Calhoun to s'nke out
the appropriation for the col'ec ion of agricultural
statistic , it was e'ecit'ed in the regative—ayes 14,
nays 23, as follows
YE1S—Missrs. Allen, Benion, Calhoun, Clay,
of Alabama, Crittenden, Graham, Huob*>rd, King,
Mangum, Prts'on, Roane, Sevier, Smith of In-
diana, and Tappan—14
NAYS—Mevsrs Buchanan, C ay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Dixon, Fulton, Huntirgton, Knight, Lmn,
Lumpkin, Mr-ruck, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell,
Phelps, Portel, Prentis-, Robinson, Ruegles, Stui-
geon, Tallmadge, Walker, White, and Young—23.
The bill was th-n ordered to be engrossed for a
ud reading.
PERMANENT PROSPECTIVE PRE EMPTION LAW
The bill to establish a permanent prospective pre-
emption system, in favor of settlers on the public
lands who shall inhabit and cultivate the same, and
raise a log cabin thereon, being th« special order of
the day, was taken up, the question being on the
amendment offered by Mr. Calhoun to the motion
to recommit the bill made by Mr. Chittenden.
Mr. WHITE addressed the Senate at great
length in opposition to the amendment of Mr.
Calhoun and in favor of that of Mr. Crit-
tenden.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. CALHOUN (propoíng a cession of
the pubuc lands to the States in which they lie on
certain conditions) and decided in the negative-
ayes 18, noes 22, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Anderson, Benton, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, King, Linn,
Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholson, Norvell, Robinson,
Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Tappan, Walker,
and Young—18.
NAYS—Messis. Buchanan, Clay of Kentucky,
Bayard, Crittenden, Dixon, Graham, Hubbard,
Huntingion, Ker, Knight, Mangum, Merrick,
Phelps, Pierce, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Ruggles,
Smi h of Indiana, Tallmadge, White,* and Wright
—22.
The question was then taken on the proposition
of Mr. Crittenden, (to recommit the bill, with in-
structions to reporta bill to distribute the proceed'
of the sales of the public lands among the several
States,) and decided in the negative—yeas 17, nays
24, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Bayard, Clay of Kentucky,
Crittenden, Dnon, Graham, Huntington, Ker,
Knight, Mangum, Merrick, Phelps, Prentiss, Rug-
gles, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, and
White—17
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Anderson, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Hub-
bard, Kmsr, Lmn, Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholson,
Norvell, Pierce, Porter, Preston, Robinson, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Tappan, Walker, Wright,
and Young—24.
The question was then taken on the proposition
of Mr. Prentiss as a substitute to the original bill:
"strike out all aftei the enacting clause, and insert
the following That every actual settler on any
of the public lands to which the Indian title has
been extinguished, except such as are hereinafter re-
served, being the head of a family, or over twenty-
one yeare of age, who was in possession and a
housekeeper, by personal residence thereon, at the
time of the passing of this act and for four months
next pieceding, shall be entitled to a pre-emption in
the purchase of the hnd so settled upon, not ex-
ceeding one quarter-section, at ihs minimum price
now established by law"—and d cided m the nega-
tive—ayes 17, najs"25, as follows:
YE \S—Messrs. Bayard, Calhoun, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon, Graham, Hun-
tington, Ker, Knight, Mangum, Merrick, Phelps,
Prentiss, Preston, Ruggles, and Southard—17«
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Beaton, Bu-
chanan, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Hubbard,
King, Lmn, Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholson, Nor-
vell, Pierce, Porter, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, Tap-
pan, Walker, White, Wright, and Young—25.
Several Senators then called for the question on
ordering the bill to be engiossed for a third reading;
when
Mr. HUNTINGTON rose and said he had seve-
ral amendments to offer, which, if it was the wish
of the Senate, he was prepared to submit and have
a vote taken on th-m, and he would promise not to
detain the Senate long by his remarks in favor of
them.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama  aid the friends of the
bill were willing and anxious to take the vote to
day. The subject had been before the Senate since
the commercemmt of the session, and had been
discussed to the almost entire exclusion of all other
business He thought further procrastination of
the debate could lead to no useful results, and
hoped the question would be disposed of this
evening.
