118
a motion to resume the presentation of petitions.
He had a bundle oí petitions, and wanted to get rid
of them, and he knew that that was the case with
the gentleman [Mr. Carr] who asked to present pe-
titions yesterday, to which he (Mr. A) objected,
because petitions were not called for in order.
íhe question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and decided in the negative
Mr. J. W. JONES then moved that the House
go into Committee of the Whole on the Treasury
Note bill.
Mr> RUSSELL said that as this was the day
appropriated by the rules to the consideradon of
private busmen, he would move to suspend the
special order until Monday next, for the purpose
of taking up the private calendar
But the motion of Mr. JONES having prece-
dence, the question was taken thereon by yeas and
nays, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Alford, Atherton,Banks, Beatty,
Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Brewster, Rriggs, Aaron
V. Brown, Burke, Sampson H Butler, Wilham
O. Butler, John Campbell, Cair, Carroll, Casey,
Chapman, Clifford, Connor, William R. Cooper,
Crabb, Crary, Cross, John Davis, John W Davis,
Dickerson, Dellet, Doan, Dm?, Earl, Eastman,
Ely, Pine, Fisher, Floyd, Pornance, Qalbrait1),
Gerry, Graham, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, John
Hastings, Hawkins Hill of N C Hillen, Holmes,
Hopkin<=, Hubbard, Joseph Johnson CaveJehncon,
Nathaniel Jones, John W Jones, K>im, Kcmble,
Kille, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lowell, Lucas,
McClellan, McKay, Meredith Mallory, Marchand,
Medill, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Samuel
W. Morris, Newhard, Nisbet, Parrish, Pa'menter,
Parrre, P ckens, Reynolds, Rives, Edward Rogers,
Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Albert Smith, John Smith,
Thomas Smith, Starkweather S'eenrod, Strong,
Sumter, Sweanngen, Sweney, Taliaferro, Taylor,
P. F. Thomas, J?cob Thompson, Vanderpoe',
Vroom, Weller, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry
Williams, Lewis William*, and Wise—104.
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Andrews, Barnard,
Bond, Calhoun, Win. B Campbell, Chinn, Chit-
tenden, James Cooper, Cranston, Crockett, Curtis,
Cushing, Edward Davtes, Garrett Davis, Dawson,
Deberry, Dennis, E/erett, Fillmore, GaTland,
Gates, Gentry, Giddings, Goagm, Granger, Green,
Habersham, Hail, Henry, Hill of Va. Hoffman,
Hunt, James, Jenifer, Charles Johnston, Wm.
Cost Johnson, Kempshall, King, Lane, Lincoln,
McCarty, Francis Mallory, Marvin, Monroe,
Moore, Morgan, Calvary Moms, Osborne, Peck,
Pope, Promt, Randal!, Randen, Rayner, Reed,
Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Simonton,
Slade, Truman Smith, Stuart, T'llmghast, Toland,
Triple , Trumbull, Warren, and John, Wbi'e—
70.                                                         1
So the House determined to ícsolve iNelf into a
Committee of the Whole on the
TREASURY NOTE BILL, \
and accordingly resumed the consideration thereof,
(Mr Casey m ihe chair )
Mr. RHETT being entitled to the fbir, resumed
his remarks from yesterday, in which he had com-
menced an argument to show that neither a loan
of ten millions, nor a new tanffon silks, etc would
be neeessarj, but that the present bill would fur-
nish ample means for rel evms the Treasury
Mr. R proceeded to c introvert the argument' of
Mr. Evans, in relation to the amount of expendi-
tures chargeab'e on the present -year Hs adverted
t ] the item referred to by Mr. E of t-vo  rd a half
millions chargeable upon 1841, for the forces m
Florida. Now, he, Mr R contendtd that the
charge had not yet arisen, nor would it arise, un-
less Congress should pa^s the bill, authorizing the
enlistment of 1500 mounted men and 500 foot
Mr EVANS explained that this change had al-
ready been incurred, and was designed chiefly for
the pay of two thousand militia, called into the re-
gular service in Florida, un ler the law authorizing
the acceptance of the services of militia for three
months. These men, he urged, had been thus en-
gaged from three months to three months, and it
was for the payment of forces already taken into
the service that the money was due.
Mr. RHETT was understood to maintain that
here wac nothing m the estima^ to show that
•
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
these rx ilitia were now in the service, and for all he
or the gentleman knew, they might have been dis-
banded. Mr. R. contended that, however that
might be, the item for the Florida war was not ne-
cessarily a portion of the expenditure for the pre-
s nt j ear. For, as the present Administration
went out of power on the 4th of March, it was not
certain that the next Administration would cont -
nue that war. So thus it did not necessarily fel-
low that this item should be changed upon the ex
penditures of 1841, as urged by the member from
Mame
Mr. R then proceeded to vindicate the Secretary
of the Treasury in the views that officer had taken
in resptct to the appropriations for Ihe piesent
year, and the unexpended balances of former ap-
propriations
As regarded an assertion that a million of
dollars for the Post Office would be cbarg able on
the expenclitu'es of 1841, Mr R contended that
••uch would not be the fact He read extracts from
the report of the Postmaster Geneial, to show that
although the Department might occasionally re-
quire a temporary assistance, vet, upon the whole,
it was capable of maintaining itseli fiom us own
resources.
Hav ng adverted to the great amounts set down
in the estimates for the Florida war, the navy pen-
sion fund, etc. which could not be strictly charge-
able to the expenditures until actually required, ard
passed upon by Congre=s,Mi R next proceeded to re-
view the means calculated upon by the Secretary of
the Treasury for meeting ihe engagements of Go-
vernment for the present year, and whicn he ma n-
tamed would be mi st amp'e
Mr. R. «aid he could not help but notice the
inconsistency ot the opponents of the present Ad-
ministration. For when he first took his seat on
that floor, the cry of those genilemen was "retrench-
ment," "retrenchment," and they were blaming the
Admmistntion for alleged extravagance But
how was it now? Why, they had turned round and
were at this time loud in their denunciations against
the Administration for meanness and parsimony
He, Mr. R. if he did not mistake the signs of the
times, thought he foresaw, as soon as the new Ad-
ministration should come into power, that the coun-
try would be deluged with a full tide of extrava-
gance.
Mr R. after some further remarks in relation to
the course he anticipated the next Administration
would pursue, proceeded to combat ihe idea enter-
tained by some, that a tax upon luxuries would
not dimmish their consumption He admitted,
however, that a tax upon neccsanes would have
that effect, as the cace of the poor English laborer
proved, when at least two thirds of his hard earn-
in s were taken bv taxation
Mr. W THOMPSON said, if the gentleman
referred to his retaarks on yesterday, he would ex-
plain what he meant. It was that wines and silks,
being articles of luxury, were consumel by the
rich, and, so far as they were concerned, an al-
vance of price would furnish an additional recom-
tnerdition ft r their us-e, instead of diminishing the
consump'ion
Mr. RHETT pioceeded, and went into a lorg
argument to show how injuriously a tariff on silk
would afftct the commerce between the Eastern
Slates and France He contended that if this
commerce 'hall be interrupted in nny degree, it
must necessarily opera'e injuriously upon the
Sou h, for, if the Freijch people could not send
their silks in return for the millions of the raw ma-
terial of cotton imported by them from th s coun-
try, how could it do others i«e than affect the in-
terest's of the cotton growers If a duty should be
laid upon the French silks, how could they pay for
th? seventeen millions of exported cotton'' By
placing a duty on silks, would any gentleman un-
dertake to say that it would not dimmish the value
of cotton?
A tax upen imports would always effects the
exports of a country, and if the views of tho=e gen-
tlemen in favor of laying a tariff on silk should be
carried out, the effect must necessarily be to reduce
the price of that staple by which the commerce was.
carried on. For it would be admitted by all, that
cntlon was, in fact, thp currency with which the
whole commerce of this country was carried en,
and if a f>x should be laid on what that cotton
brought into the country, it mast neeessanly de-
range the prices of if
Mr. R then proceeded to argue that, in the first
place, there existe-1 no necessity for raising any ad
ditional means, and if there did, there was no neces-
sity for raising it on this partieuhr article, silk.
Until} esterday he had been utterly at loss to con-
ceive why this project of laying a duty on silk had
been introduc d. But from the remarks of an
honorable Senator he now comprehended the drift.
It appeared that the revenue from this source was
to supply the deficiency which would arise from
the contemplated distribution of the proceeds of
the public land- Here the mystery was explained.
He now nndei ,tood it well, and in that case there
would bs a neressity fw some such measure. But
in the present condition of the Treasury, there was
no nil for it
Mr. R. lhcn gave, at ?ome length, his views in
relat on to the compiomisc act, its mient and cha-
racter He contioveited the argument assumed
yesterday by his colleigue from South Carolina,
[Mr W. Tn mpson ] that that act was a perma-
nent arragemen*—a settled principle of act.on be-
yond the day assigned by the limitation on the face
of it Once, indeed—taking his views rather from
the speeches of honorable gentlemen than from a
close scrutiny of the act itself—he had been under
the impression that it was permanent. Such, how-
ever, was pot h's opinion now. So far from re-
gaidmg it as ¡rang a permanent and ¡Dilutable
principle, he deelaied his conviction that it did not
live one day bej ond the Gdi of March, 1842, and
that, after that day, not a «ingle dollar could be
collec ed fr m customs under its p^visions. He
believed ihe law t > be unconstnutionai, and he did
not regard it as bin'mg upon him. These views
Mr R. discu sed at great 'tiglh
In conclusion, he expns^ed ihe opm on that the
tanfi question ought not to be touched now—that it
should lie over to the next session of Congress,
when there ought to be a general re-mcdelhng of
duties The proper coure was, to let the in com-
ing administration take up that queslion, and give
us their project in regard to it, if they had any.
Sufficient means would, m the interim, be found
in the Treasury to answer a'l their purposes during
the year 1841
He dec'ared his intention to give a fair and ho-
nest chance to the administration of General Har-
rison No man had ever heard him (Mr. R ) speak
speak disrespectfully ef that gentleman And he
now avowed that if General Harrison, in the course
of pol cy he might mark ou*, <hould stand upon
the great Repnb ican pnnciples of '98 and 99, he
(Mr. R ) would give him his hearty support. But
if he trod in tne path of the Federalists of
'89—if he advocated a National Bank—the throw-
ing open of the public purse to extravagant expen-
ditures—and ihe consolidation of this Government
in ,ts several branches—he (Mr R ) would oppose
his administration, feeble as his opposition might
be, to the utmon extent of his power.
Mr NISBET was not prepared to say whether
or not he wou'd vote for the bill now before the
House He did not know whether the necessity
for the measure v. as as pressing and urgent as has
been represented But there were other questions
be ides this. Th  tariff had been alluded to Now,
he (Mr N) was not the advocate of a tariff for
prctec'ion, if he were, he would belie his consti-
tuents who se it him here. He had heard from
his infancy that it was unjust in its character and
destructive to the permanency of the Confederacy,
and he hoped he would never change his opinion
in regard to that subject.
Mr. N contended that the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Souih Carolina, [Mr. R.] m relation
to protective duties, was quite foreign to the sub-
¡ect under debate, and had not been called out by
any remarks previously made. Mr N. then pro-
cerded to argue that unless Ihe proposed duty on
silks amounted to a prohibition of that article, then
the argument of the gentleman amounted to noth-
ing. And the question was, whether the proposed
duty of 20 per cent, would amount to a prohib -
tion.   Bui, for his part, he disclaimed all prohibí-
