120
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBM.
repaired, and the cost oi repairing each, both in
materials and labor. Also, the first cost of the
schooners Pilot and Active, the cost of repairs of
ihe same, and the sums for which the said schoo-
ners were sold. Also, the cost of the several navy
and dock yards, including the sites, the cost of the
buildings and fixtures at each, and the repairs of
the same.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were read a third time and
passed:
The bill to provide for taking evidence in the Dis-
trict of Columbia and in the Territories of the United
States, in certain cases
The bul for the relief of the executor of Thomas
Cooper, deceased
The bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Aaron Vail, deceased, late consul at
L'Onent.
The bill to confirm claims to lands in the district
between the Rio Hondo and Sabine rivers.
The bul for the relief of Charles Morgan, of
Louisiana.
The bill for the relief of Charles Morgan.
The bill confirming certain land claims in
Louisiana
PERMANENT PROSPECTIVE PRE EMPT10N LAW
The bill to establish a permanent prospective
pre eruption sjstem, in favor of settlers on the pub-
lic lands, who shall inhabit and cultivate the same,
and raise a log cabin thereon, was taking up, and
having been read through, ihe question bem« on
the motion of Mr. Crittenden to recommit the
bill, wiih m&tiuctions to report a bill for the distri-
bution of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands among the States.
Mr. CALHOUN addressed the Senate at much
length on the distribution bill, the tariff poluy, &c.
and was replnd to by Mr. WE3STEB.
After some further remarks by Messrs. CAL-
HOUN and WEBSTER,
Mr. ALLEN obtained the floor, but yielded to a
motion for adjournment,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, January 23, 1841.
After the journal had been read,
Mr. J. W. JONES moved that ths Hon*e re-
solve itself mto a Committee of the Whole, and
proceed to the special order of the day.
Mr. FILLMORE hoped the gentleman would
give way, to enable him to report a bill from the
Committee of Elections, regulating the taking testi-
mony in cases of contested elections, and for other
purposes.
t, Mr. JONES said he would do so, piovided the
bill would not take up the morning hour.
Mr. CARR would object, unless all shou'd have
an opportunity of presenting their petition .
Mr. FILLMORE said the bill was a matter of
vast importance, and would Drove highly benefi-
cial hereafter, and therefore he hoped no objection
would be made to us consideration.
Objection being made,
Mr. FILLMORE moved to suspend the rule,
but the motion did not prevail
Mr. RUSSELL remarked that, a* this was the
day set apart for the consideration of private busi-
ness, he hoped there would not be a solitary objec-
tion to postponing the bill betore the House until
Monday, and proceed now to the reception of pe
titions
The objection not being withdrawn,
Mr. RUSSELL ealled for the yeas and nays, but
The motion of Mr. Jonfs having precedence,
the question was taken thereon, and deeded m the
affirmative.
So the House resolved itself ¡nto a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union (Mr Casey
in. the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill authorizing the issue of
TREASURY NOTES
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, being entitled
to the floor, after some preliminary remarks, pro-
ceeded to say that he should support the present
measure before the committee, and oppose all
other*.   He believed the sum asked for by the bil!
would be more than sufficient Jo meet the wants of
the Treasury.                          1
After shewing the fallacy hi the constitutional
objec ions raised by some gentleman to-the issue of
Treasury notes, he went on to sho,w how much
more beneficial their issue wc-uldjse to our own
people, whereas a loan would benefit foreign capi-
talists. In reply to the objections in relat'on to the
notes being bills of credit, he quoted ihe definition
of Chief Justice Marshall of a bill of credit, and
showed that the objection could not apply. These
notes now asked for, were not intended as money,
but merely to raise money. And if Congress had
not the power to issue them, neitherhad it the power
to issue bonds or script
Having satisfied his own mind of the constitu-
tionally of this measure, Mr T {proceeded to say
that it had been clearly demonstrated by the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] on yester-
day, that five mill ons would be enough, and even
more than would be wanted.    •
But he could not help being amused at the dif-
ferent conclusions to which gentlemen of the Oppo-
sition had come
In the first place, the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Barnard] had put down the anticipated de-
ficiency at about seven or eight millions of dollars.
Next came the gentleman from Maine, who ar-
rived at a different conclusion. Then followed
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] who
prophesied that the deficiency w ould be ten, twelve,
or very like fifteen millions For his own part he
was unwilling to go irto the various calculations
oi the gentlemen, although he could not but be
amu ed at their various conclusions
Last year the Secretary of the Treasury deviated
only two millions in the amount of the estimates
and considering the fluctuation of trade and other
causes, that was tolerably accurate And if the S--
cretary =hould deviate bat two milhsns in his esti-
mates for the coming year, ihan the means now
aiked for, would afford ample mean* fcr carrying
on the Government.
But here was the grand secret. Here was the
mam spring of this movement for higher expendí
tures. Gentkmen of the Opposition were desirous
of coming to a sudden conclusion that an extra
session must be called. This was the secret spring
of action on this matter.
The gentleman from Tennessre [Mr. Bell] had
a wonderful talent for figures; but on referring to
the speech of the gentleman in 1837, when advo-
cating a deposite of the surplus revenue with the
States, he stated that there was no question but that
at the end of the year, the surplus revenue would
amount to between ten and twelve millions of dol-
lars But now look at his quo ammo. At that
time the gentleman was desirous to make the sur-
plus revenue appear as large as possible, but now
it was his aim to make it appear as small as possi-
ble.
As regarded the calculations of the gentleman
that there would be a deficiency of between ten and
fifteen millions at tho the en I of the present year,
he Mr T believed them all uncertain. They de-
pended on a variety of cauies beyond the reach of
human foresight, such as the fluctuations m trade,
commerce, and other matters, when no one could
foresee Ihe result
Mr. T. then recapitulated the statements of the
Secretary cf the Treasury in relation to the rece pts
and expenditures for the present year, and said that
were the present Administration to continue in
power, «o well sati tied was he of those estimates
in the report, that he would not go for more than
three millions instead of five millions of Treasury
notes But, as an adverse Administration was
about to come into power, he was willing to give
them two millions more than was necessary
Mr. T. next proceeded to notice the glaring in-
consistency of the Opposition in their charges
against the Administration within the space of the
last twelve months only. For, said he, the party
with whom I act are now charged wi h "mean par-
simony," not more than one year ago, on this floor,
we were charged with reckless extravagance, and
the cry was echeed and re-echoed from one end of
the country to the other.
He was willing to admit that, in his own opinion,
the expenditures of the Government before that
time had been too large, but what he always con-
tended for was, that ihe Congress of the United
Stales ought to be treated precisely as a father ought
to treat a spmed boy at college. And what was
that wa\ ?    Why, to cut down the supplies.
Now the supplies were cut dswn by the necessa-
ry operations ot trade; and during the whole reign
of the present Administration, the taxes had been
taken off the people But now, under the operation
of that system, there was no money in the Trea-
sury. Were they, however, to blame the Secre-
tary of the Treasury 1 Certainly not, for, on the
contrary, that officer deserved the thanks of the
people.
Mr T as a further and most striking illustra-
tion of his charge of inconsistency, advened to the
outpouring of Mr Oole, last summer, in relation
to the furniture of the President's House. That
documenf, said Mr. T. was circulated through Mis-
sissippi, and to the temotest part of this Union, and
accoidmg to it, the furniture was "gorgeous,"
"regal," "princely," etc, and far too good for any
Republican. But we were row told by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr Barnard] in substance,
that the furniture of this same White House was
unfit for the place, unsuitable for a gentleman, and
that it ought to be sold, arid new furniture of
American manufacture purchased in its stead '
JNow, continued Mr T would the country sub-
mit to such mconsistenc)'2 Would the peo-
ple suffer the gentleman to blow hot and cold
in the samegbieath'i Last year this furniture was
cried down from one end of the country to the
o her, as ' regal," "splendid," etc. and too rich for
any Democratic citizen in th s country, but now
the same party weie about to take a man from h.s
log cabin, and sell out the same rich furniture as
unsuitable for a gentleman, and to refit the whole.
Mr T. ti.eu exp sed, with ome severity, the
unfound d charges in relation to the Choctaw In-
dians He was surprised at the charge that the
payment of these Indians had been postponed for
the purpose of meeting ihe expenditures of 1841.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] might
rest assured that full justice would be done to the
Choctaws. But there was another fact m relation
to the payment of these Indians. When paid, they
were not to be paid in money, but in land. So
the argument of the gentleman amounted to no-
thing.
A more extended report of the remarks of Mr.
Thompson is m course of preparation.
Mr L*NE said that he did not intend to argue
the queHion before the Hru'e as a Harrison man
or a Van Buren man, but as a man who had a
country to serve. He lock it for granted that there
was a deficit m the Treasury, and there must con-
tinue to be, unless some remedy should be adopted
to supply it. He regarded the deficit not tempora-
ry, but permanent, and was oppo ed to the expe-
dient of Treasury notes, which he considered to
be bi'ls of credit, and interdicted by the Con-
s'itu ion But even if it were constitutional
to issue them, it would be better to resort to a di-
rect loan to supply the deficit, which, in his opi-
nion, was caused by the paralysing influence of the
Independent Treasury.
Mr L replied at some length to the remarks
of Mr. Thompson, expressing his opinion that
a Bank of the United States was constitu-
tional, and said that whenever an opportu-
nity should be presented, he would vote for one.
He would vote in favor of distubutrag the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands among the several
S ates, and also vote for levying duUes on imposts
for the purpose of revenue, but not for protection,
although he believedCongre shad the constitutional
power to do so.
Mr L concluded by saying that what was right
to be done, ought to be done openly and directly,
and not indirectly and covertly; and he was, there-
fore, in favor of raising ten millions by a direct
loan.
Mr DUNCAN then obtained the floor, and was
proceeding m his remarks, when,
On motion, the committee rose, reported progress,
and asked leave to sit again.
Mt   EVEREfT moved that the House now
