126                                            CONGRESSIONAL G^OBE.
Mr. D fair! it was thus he disposed of the obj-c-
tionof the gentleman from New York, who unfor-
tunately had gone oá" half cocked. The gentleman
from Virginia had also done the same, although,^
a general way, he took fire before he went ofl'.
Mr. D. then proceeded to reply to o'her objec-
tions raised by Mr. Barnaro ¡n relation to the great
amount alleged to be owing by the Government.
He (Mr. D.) denied the correctr.e;g of the" conclu-
sions to which that and other membeis had come;
and he desired to know if the Opposition fancied
the people would be so foohsh as to take their bare
words, without facts or figures, against the facts and
figures of the Secretary of the Treasury.
If there had beirn any expression at the ballot
box against this mode of raising money by Tre?. ■
sary note.-, he (Mr. D.) would acknowledge ¡hat it
ought not to be dine. So with a National Bank, and
he would be the last man to support eit' cr against
the will of the people. But he denied there had
been any any such expression against the measure
contemplated by the b.l', and ihat being the case,
he considered it the duty of the Democratic paity
to carry out the principles by which they had so
long been bound.
Mr. D. then proceeded to make some remarks as
to the principle.; of the coming Administration, and
the sacred duty of all officers, whether high or low,
to act faithfully to the people who eh cted them.
In ths course of his speech, Mr. D. alluded to
the conduct of General Hanif-on and the course
pursued by him ai a certain Hireling in Ohio. At
that public meeting, f-a'd Mr. D you find General
Hat i ison tedmg the assembled thousand* that he
wis opposed to a JVational Bank, on the giound
fiat Coi'gresi has not couaituiional po-.er to incor-
pórate it. But in the very same sptcch, and before
the same assembled ihousind", he tells them that if
Congress sh.iuld think pioper to pass such a bill he
would not veto it.
Now said Mr. 1). look at this. IL.re on the
4;h of March licit, General Harrison will be sworn
into oilier. He will lift up his hand and swear be-
lore Sod dial he will faubictlly suppoit the Con-
stitution. Yes, his lips will press the Holy Evange-
lists, and he will solemnly declare that Hie Consti-
tution fhall bs preserved tnviola'c. And yet, ac-
cording to his own woids, should Congress see pro-
per 10 pa^s a bill, which l!-? believes to be uncon-
stitutional, be will not veto it.
Mr. BOND heie rose and de iicd to know what
speech bis colleague alluded.
Mr. DUNCAN' was understood to say th.it he
beHt-ved it was the speech a> Cleveland.
Mr. BOND -aid be would undertake to say, ihat
u,ion the Ssb-Ttcasury bill, General Ilurrijon had
deel ired boh-ie Hie assembled multitude, that so
far as he Ci.u'd be would have that rncasitra re-
pealed, because he w,i¡ utterly oppo-ed to it.
After some reinarles íi, m Mr. DUNCAN in re-
ply, wheh wi re not (bsiiiuulj lie.<id—
Mr BOND stated that he would undertake to
say that General Haruson bad not said he would
not exercise the constitutional power ol veto, fin
he had attested over and over again that he would
hesitate before be exeicised ihat power on a mere
question of expediency. Mr. B bad never heard
General Harrison say that he would relinquish the
voto power upon what he believed to be against the
Constitution. H-- (¡Vlr. K) believed thathiscjl-
lcage was mistaken when i e said that Harmon
had, at any time, failed to give an expression of
his opinion to any public incisure, tie wa;. above
concealment; and it tunc was auy man in the na-
tion, who.-e heart was in his hand, it «as Will'am
Henry Harrijon.
Mr. DON CAN. Ye:, his heat t is in bolk hands,
or he has a heart in e tch hand, or that his heart
has been in the hands ola Committee, a« 1 will
presently show.
Mr. BOND again asserted that General Hartison
had never refused to ;'ive his opinion en any pub-
lic measure.
Mr. DUNCAN wijicd to understand from the
gentleman whether he meant to say that Harrison
had ever answered through the newspaper co-
lumns.
¡Mr. BOND repeated that the General had no
concealment.
Mr. DUNCAN. That is no answer to the ques-
tion. I ask if General Harrison has ever thought
proper to place his hand to any explanation in the
newspapers.
Mr. BOND could not say whether the General
had ever pkced bis hand to such explanation or
not; but whenever he had been called on by letter,
he had, Mr. B. believed, given an answer. It was
not to be expected that he would answer every let-
ter containing the same thing over and over again,
but ho had given an answer m a satisfactory way.
After some further covcrsation, which, owing to
the disorder which prevailed, could not be reported
wii'a accuracy—Mr. DUNCAN asked Mr. Bond
if he could furnish a single document s gncd by
Harrison widiin ihe last year, either in relation to
a United States Sank, Aboli'ion, the assumption oí
Stale debts by thr- General Government, the distri-
bution of the public lands, or any such important
questions, and in which he, General Harrison, had
given a final answer to i,uch questions. Let the
gent'eman say yes or no.
Mr. BONO said that when he had such ferious
interrogatories propounded to him, he took it for
granted ihat it was reasonable he should be allowed
time to make a response.
Mr DUNCAN finally proceeded with his remarks,
in which he undertook to comment upon the mili-
tary and other talents of General Harris n in a se-
vere manner.
For this Mr. D. was called to order by members
of the Opposition. He replied, that he would con-
trive to kerp in order, but if he ivas to be called to
order for hilding up the military glories of Harri-
son, why were not other members called to order
wh.-n they called Van Caivn a jaekas-/?
[T.ie remarks of Mr. D. will b: given hereafter
in extenuó ]
Wi bout concluding, Mr. D. gave way for a mo-
lió i that the committee rise.
On the question being taken, no quorum voted;
and
The committee, rose, and reported that fact to
the I-Ious".
Mr. BEATTY moved that the House adjourn.
Tnc yr-as and nays were called for; but they
were not ordered.
And tiuti the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
TursruY, January 26, 181!.
Mr. SMITH oí Indiana presented a memorial of
citizens of Indiana, praying Congress to take mea-
sures for ihe recognition of the independence ot
Hayli, and the establishment of commercial re-
lations with that Republic.
Mr. ¡á. also presented a meinotial of citizens of
Indiana, ptdying such an amendment lo the Con-
stitution as to make white freemen the basis of re-
presentation.
The question of receiving these memorial.;, ivas,
On motion by SEVIER, laid on the table. •
Mr. BUCHANAN picsented the memorial of
f). IV. Prescott, praying that the duty on certain
good; dff.tH)>cd by ine maybe refunded; which
wi- referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MERRICK prescn'cd ihe followiag memo-
rial signed by a huge number of the citizens of
Washington:
To Vie Honorable  the Senate ting House r.f Heprcsen-
tat;ves:
The undesigned citiz -nts of the United State" , in-
habitants of the city of Washington, beg leave
respectfully lo protest pgainst the passage, in its
present shape, of th„ bill now before the Senate,
entitled "a bill to amend and continue in force ihe I
act to ine.orpora'e the inhabitants of the Cuy of
Washington;" 1st. Because it propo.es to give the
right of suffrage to all persons, with no qualifica-
tion other than a twelve month's residence, and
with no protection agaisst fraudulent voting by pre-
vious registry, and other .«nfficient safeguard: 2d.
Because it propies to make all persons eligible to
the Mayoralty and to the Boards of Aldermen and
Common Council, without any property qualifica-
tion, ox other stake or interest m the city than more
residence; thus, in an inecporation of property,
placing the power of taxation, and the property of
the fixed and permanent inhabitants of the city, at
the disposal and mercy of those who have nothing
themselves, and are often mere birds of passage:
3d. Because it proposes to submit the appoint-
ment of magistrates, and other police officers, to
popular election, with no checks on them, no re-
sponsibility, no power of removal for malcondact
or delinquency, and no corrective whatever
of these conservators of the peace and order of
the city, other than what is furnished by the said
popular election: And because the said bill does
not contain, as it ought, various powers and provi-
sions which experience undf r the existing charter
has shown to be necessary and proper for the better
protection of property, ar.d the belter preservation
of public order. For these reasons, (and for others
which might be urged, but with which it is not
necessary to trouble your honorable bodies, as
thesj are insuperable and sufficient,) the under-
signed respectfully pray that the said bill may not
pass into a law, and that no other may be passed
which has not the assent and concurrence of the
people of Washington, for whose government the
act is designed, and whose wishes, it is presumed,
ought therefore to be consulted.
The memorial was read, and ordered to be
prin'rd.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Andrew J.
Johnson and Samuel M. Love; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of
Robert Faltón; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
On motion by Mr. LINN, the bill supplementa-
ry to an art entitled "An act to amend an act for
the appointment of commissioners to adjust the
cliims lo reservations of land under the treaty of
1830 with the Choct.-iw Indians," was taken up,
and recommitted to the Commiltee on Private
Land Claims
Mr. MERRICK presented the memorial of a
number of citizens of Prince Georges county, Ma-
ryland, engaged in the planting and cultivation of
tobacco, praying the adoption of measures by the
General Government for the purpose of relieving
their staple from the burdensome duties imposed in
foreign countries.
Mr. M- accompanied the presentation of the me-
morial with som-i ¡cmarks, which were replied to
by Mr. C&LHOUN,wkcn,wi'hout taking the ques-
tion on its reference, the Senate passed to the con-
sideration of tiic special order—the
l'EUMANENT PROSPECTIVE PRE-EMPTION LAW.
The bill to establish a permanent prospective pre-
emption system, in favor of settlers on the public
iands,who shall inhabit and cultivate the same, and
raise a log-cabin theieon,was taken up, and having
been read through, the question being on the mo-
tion of Mr. Chittenden to recommit ihc bill, wilh
instructions to report a bill for the distribution of
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands among
the* States.
Mr. MANGUM addressed the Senate at much
length in opposition to the bill, and in favor of the
reeomini'ment.
Mr. BENTON followed, confining his remarks
pnaeipslly lo the establishment of ths fact of
loreign interference in the recent Presidential elec-
tion.
Mr. TALLMADGE replied, and
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE 0? REPRESENTATIVES,
I                    Tui-.sday, January 21 , 1841.
Mr. TILL1NGHAST, on leave, from the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, reported a bill to repeal
so much of the act entititled "An act to alter and
amend the several acts imposing duties on im-
ports," approved July 14, 1832, as exempts pins
of foreign manufacture from the payment of <Juti°s;
and proposes to subject them, when imported, after
the first day of April next, to a duty of twenty per
cent, ad valorem.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
committed to a Committee of the Whole ©n the
state of the Union.
