
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1841.



•      BY BLAIR & RIVES.
--------W ER R f. Y--------•
PRICK $1   PER SESSION.'.
Continued frvm JVb 8.
gress—wherever he had any influence'—he d s-
claimed speaking for the commg Administration.
If sotfie of his friends had differed from him, they
must not complain it' he should express opinions
different from theirs—especially most thev not
complain when no two of them had agreed with
each other; for, if what ihey said was true, we
should indeed«-hould hive a motley poLcy.
Mr. W. said, from the signs of the times now
before him, he intended to vote for the bill under
consideration, to which he intended to offer an
amendment. He had heretofore voted against the
issue of Treasury note-; because it iva^ t. 0 e^y a
means for racing funds to carry ou the Govern-
ment, and because it v. as difli-ult to couvirco the
people that it was a public debt. He conceded '.ho
constitutional power, bin thought it ought to be
used only in cases of great emergency. To bo
can lid and plain, he would yoie ¡or tl.e bill for
the reasons, first, as a friend of the coming Admi-
nistration, to provide it with the means to c.nry on
the Government after the 4th oí March; fcoondly,
because it was the best means' to prevent a. called
session of Congress; thirdly, to prevent, during the
year 1841, the premature revision of the compro-
mise act, or tar.if; and at the same time prevent
the seizure of the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands tor distribution.
Mr. W. noticed a letter, published recently in
the Richmond Enquirer, under di.te of Washing-
ton, January 14, 1841, in which it was intimated
that Mr. Wise was disaffected toward-.; the coming
Administration, which assertion Mr. W. pro-
nounced an infamous slander,whcther conur.g from
friend or foe.
After speaking of the vari<%"s panics v b'c'i bad
united to defeat the pr sent .'.dmiid^tra.:io!i, Mr.
W. avowed himself a pi tin Ri-i-blic>n id the
Madison school, a  1 w.teeil hi- t'ii.d. in ill'
House that he would giw.-h ho 1 ,:-■ tar : s he
could, but told tlvut to i"- r"thr I • I,..::1 1 -..oi-1¡ 1
for Republican tenet;, and U.'puoi.cia policy, One
of the Republican len-ls which he would exact
was, Genera! Harrison shall not he ruled by a pirty;
if he should, the country would be mismled; for
the election of General Harrison w;.s not a party
triumph, bat a glorious national tr.umph, and
it was the duty of the President elect to be the
President of the nation and not of a party, &c.
Mr. W. was understood to contend for an i^srtc
of five millions of Treasury notes af'cr th.j 3i->' of
March; in short, that the coming Adminis ration
might enjoy the same benefit under the bill now be-
fore the comm.iu.-e s.< the present Administration
possessed under the aet of 1840.
Mr. JONES of Virginia said be would tike the
occasion to state that it *f.s not exp-ctod by ths
Secretary oí the Treasury that more than une ¡-ni
iort of dollars would be used before the 4th. of
March; the greater proportion of which would be
required to pay pensions which will fad du" after
the 31 ef March. It will not, therefore, be re-
quired to meet liabilities falling upon this Admi-
nistration, but upon that which is to succ-ed it; so
that General Harrison', a^uiinrstration will have
the full benefit of five millions of dollars for one
year after the 31 of Match. Anuiilar bul was
deemed necessary for the present admm.s'.ratisn
under like circumstances at the commencement of
the last jear; and Mr. J. eonsidered it just and
proper now to make a similar provision.
Mr. WISE, without cncluding his remarks
gave way for a motion that ¡be committee lioe
and
The Gommitlee then rose, reported progress, and
asked lea?e to sit again.
Mr. EASTMAN gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or a? soon thereafter as it nvght be in or-
der, ask leave to introduce a bill to cxiend for five
years the act entitled an act granting half-pay and
pensions to certain widows, approved July 7, 1838.
Mr. BOARDMAN, on leave, introduced the fol-
p wing resolution, which was agreed to:
Reschel, That the Secretary of State be directed
to communicate to this House an abstract of the re-
turrs of the marshal of the District of Connecticut,
thotving'h- numberof slaves within the said district
a by ¡he census of 1840. And to ascertain and
report to this Hocse whether the captives talen
from the schooner Amistad were included in the
lumber cf slaves.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, January 28, 184],
The VICE PRESIDENT submitted a menage
from the President oí the Unitid Slates, transmitting
the twelith annual report of the Board of Inspec-
tors of the Pciitditiary of the District of Colobí-
bit; wh.ch was ¡eferied to ihe Committee en the
Diinict of C lumbia.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented a resolution of
the General Assembly ef Iva State, instructing their
Senators and Ucpie-cntativis "¡o p.'ocnre, if pos-
sible, by their exertion';, at as early a day as may
be in their power, a repeal of a bill passed at the
hist session oí Congress, known as the Independan
Tieasury bill; which was read, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented a report and
resolutions of the General Aisembly of the State of
A'a^ama, in relation to the controversy betwee'n
the Slates of Georgia and Mame, growing ou' of
ihe refusal of the latter State to deliver c r:a'ti fu-
gitives from jii-iica who fled from punishment for
offences commil'ed within the inn-diction of Geor-
gia; \-.h ch were r. ad. rnd o.-d i\d to he pr nt. d.
Mr. TAf.LAl M--CH) ¡reietrcd ihivv uemo.iils
of citizens of Nov York, i-tvenrly pray insr the
f1.1s.a5e cf a banliiupt law; wh ch were laid on the
tab1?
Mr. T. .iUo presented the nemo1 i'.! off.hr P.ii-
lai.ti.ropic l,i-.>/ '&■ Í mi A-m eift'io 1 of i,v r iv <,i'
I-i v: '/•,.',: piavim; :!v pi: :"i • i'l ;i b.i .¡irupt la.-.;
vi-, i.'r, «.a'-'O'i'etod lobe m 1 ..ed.
Mr. T. abo pie-enied the memorial of the
Chatnbei of Comuieice of Rev York, remon-
strating against the repeal of the act of March 2,
18117, concerning pilots; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. T. also prtsentcl th" petition of a number
of m-.rchants and o'her citizens of New York,
prr.yi.ug the substitution of tea and coffee for the
spirit now allowed to the seamen in the navy ra-
tion; w! ieh w?s laid on ihe 'able.
Mr. BENTON pre .insert Ihe Memofiel of Mary
W. T.'o'np-.on. widow ef Colonel Thorn';:on, 1. !e
oí 1I1-' United S:a'c-¡ army; «li'Ch was r-!■• 1 red lo
the C immntee on Miii'ary Affairs, and oiib red 10
be printed.
M>. TAPPAN presented the memorial of a num-
ber of Citizens (f 0,-¡:o. praving the passire of a
bard.rapt la.v; wi;ich lvas laid 011 ¡he table.
Mr. STUflCE )N present! the petitun of Jo! n
firoi !<>•; which was rdeircu 11 the Committee on
fl'.'V.''ntionary Ckims.
Mr. NORVELL presented the memorial of citi-
ze, is of M,c¡r5;a¡¡, praying the pass?ge of a hank-
rupl law; which was fid on the table.
Mr. PORTER, presented the memorial of citizens
of Western Michigan, pr.iyirg an appropriation to
complete the harbor of St Josephs; which wu¡> re-
lened to the C. imaiiie  on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. HüN ÍTNGrTON, the petition
of E. W. and H. Smith, no ", now on file, was re-
ferri d to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. LINN, 'he memorial of Wis.
A. Slacum, now on fi.e, was referred to die Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. PRESTON, in pursuance of previou-notice,
aidted and obtained leave to introduje a bill to se-
cure to the authors 0! dramatic works their in-
terest therein; which he risked might be. referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he had formerly
intridueed a bill on the subject of copy-right,
which he would have- again presented but trom the
apprehension there was little prospect of. its pt
sage at the present session. He would give nolii
however, that ,f he was a aiember of the, body
the next session, he would take an early opport
nity of pressing the matter upon the attention of i
Senate.
The bill was thin referred.
On motion  by Mr. HUBBARD, the Committ
on Pensions wre instructed to inquire into the pr
pi iety of granting  a pension to Daniel Peck f
disabilities incurred during the last war, while
the line of his duty.
Mr. H. pre.-ented papers in relation to the aboi
which weie referred to the Committee on Pensioi
Mr. P1GR.CS submitted a resolution instructi
lhe Commi'tte on the Post Office and Post Roa
to 11:quire into the expediency of reducing t
pos'age on letters and newspapers—the propriety
which he illustrated and enforced at considera!
length.   The resolution was agreed lo.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following resol
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to jc
such committee >is may be appointed by the Hot
of Representatives, to ascertain and report a mo
of examining the votes for President and Vice Pi
sideni of the United States, and of notifying the pi
sons elected of their election.
PERMANENT PROSPECTIVE PRE-EMPTION LAW
Tr.e bill to establish a permanent prospecti
pre-emp'ion system, in favor of settlers on the pi
lie l.miH w'.'y shall inhabit t'.nd cultivate the san
an 1 laise a log-cabin tbeieon, was taken up, 1
(pte-Aiun being on ihe motion of Mr. Cwttind
10 r< eo!L.riit the b.ll with instructions to report
1 di for the distribution of the proceeds of the sa
01 the public lands among the Slates.
Mr. WRIGHT resumed and concluded his
mrr.-s in oppos tion to ihe distribution policy.
ÍVíi'. CL/VY oí Kentucky tool* the floor at
iiV.lcwir, i'.r-d, wi hout c nciudiñg, ar half past
•¿r.vr way to a motion for adjownment.
Aua the ¡senate aeljourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, January 28, 1841.
Mr. HOLMES asked leave to offer a reiolutii
that so much of the report of the Secretary of
Tieasury as proposes the rebuilding of the atsei
at Charleston, So-tth Carolina, be referred to
Comir.mee on Military Affairs.
Objrciion being made,
Mr HOLMES moved to suspend the rules; 1
the motion was negatived.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the í
lowing communications, viz:
I.  A letter from the Postmaster General, tra
mining a report of all fines imposed, and dedi
lions made from the pay of contractors during
year ending June 30, 1840.
II.  A letter from the Postmaster Genera!, tra
mittmg, in obed'ence to a resolutution of the Hoi
of Representatives, passed at the last session, a
cl tue new post routes named in the petitions a
resolutions presented' at the last session of C<
geess, with the estimate of the probable expense
putting each of them in operation.
III.  A letter from the Postmaster General, tra'
mittmg a lbtof the new post routes in the Slate
Michigan, with an estimate' of the expense
putting ihem in operation, which was omitted
the above list.
IV.   A letter from the Postmaster General, tra
milting, in obedience to a resolution of the Ho
of Representatives, a iist of all the post roads
the United States in operation on the 30th Ju
1840, showing the kind of service on each, the
ceipts of each office for the year ending 30th Ju
1840, and the annual cost of transportation there
respectively. Also, diagrams delineating said rou
and distinguishing them by their different {trade:
service; which iist comprises the States of Mai
New Hamp-shire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rh
