CONGRESSIONAL 6ÍOB&
Island,.  Connecticut, Jíew York,   New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, Delaware, and Maryland.
Which communications were severally referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
V. A letter from the Secretary of "War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the resolution of the 1st of
February, 1840, 250 copies of the Official Army
Register for 1841; which was laid on the table.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were then
read a first and second time, and appropriately re-
ferred, Viz:
An act for the relief of Daniel G. Skinner, of
Alabama.
An act to provide for taking evidence in tbe Dis-
trict of Columbia and in the Territories of ths
United States, in certain cases.
An act for the relief ot the executor of Thomas
Cooper, deceased.
An act for the relief of the legal rcprefent-
atives of Aaron Vail, deceased, late consul at
L'Orient.
An act to confirm claims to lands in the di-trlct
between the Rio Honda and Sabine rivers.
An act for the relief of Charles Morgan, of Loui-
siana.
An act for the relief of Chirles Morgan.
An act confirming certain land cla¡rtv¡ iu Louisi-
ana.
On motion ef Mr. J. W. .TONES of Virginia,
the Hou*e then resolved itself irio a Coma>itt<"e of
the Whole on the stale of the Union. (Mr. Casey
in the chair.) and resumed ihe consideraii-n of t'ie
bill authorizing the issn  of five millions of
TREASURY NOTES.
The question pending was on the mction of Mr.
Barnard to strike out the enacting clause of the
bill.                                                            i
Mr. WISE being entitled to the floor, was about
o resume his remarks from yeserday, when he
gave way to
Mr. DUNCAN, who said that in the Globe of
yesterday morning, which he held in his hand, was
the following report:
" When Mr. Duncan had finished his remarks,
he read from tb#Intelligencer the following, as re-
ported in that paper:
" Mr. W. C. JWinson .-ubmitted to the Chair
whether iiwas m order for an individual to charge
General Harrison with cowardice, who had himself
been branded as a coward on this floor?
"This paper was put in his hand a moment before
he commenced speaking. He bad deferred saying
any thing on the subject until he should finish his
remarks, excepting that some denial would be
made, or some correction of the report ordered.
But that not being done, he denounced its au'hor
(pointing to Mr. Wm. Cost Johnson,) a bsse liar,
a contemptible puppy, a soundrel, and an infamous
coward."
After reading the above, Mr. DUNCAN pro-
ceeded to say that in the Intelligencer of this morn-
ing he was astonished to see a positive denial that
he had used the offensive language in question to the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson.] Mr. D.
then stated that he did use every woidof the language.
There was, however, one word in it which he was
not quite certain he used, viz: the word "puppy."
He was not quite certain that he used that word,
but a member now near him was confident that (he
word was used in connection with the others. But
he, Mr. D. did use the words; it was a correct re-
port and he could proye it.
Mr. D. was not disposed now to make a new
issue out of the matter, but when it came to scan-
ning the character of gentlemen here, he might
present some fads which should set them fair before
the public.
Mr. D. continued, ihai he merely ro?e to assert
that the language denied by the gentleman from
Maryland tons used, and he now reiterated it; yes,
every word of it he reiterated.
Mr. D. then disclaimed any knowledge of the
technicalities of the duello, but trusted that when-
ever occasion should call, he would not be deficient
in courage to meet the man who gave him'cause.
Mr. D. repeated that he used every word of the
language attributed to him in the report of the
Globe, and that be should publish it and put his name
to it, as having been used, and reiterated.- He
would take this opportunity of saying tbH he would '
trouble the committee no more with this matter, as
he had said all he intended to say. If he should
have occasion to take any further notice of the
matter, it should be done out of the House, when he
would address the public through ihe columns of
the newspapers. He would be heard there and reai
by the people.
Mr. D. said that he would further remark, that
the duelling law of this District had a< little terror
for him as it appeared to have to others. The
member from Maryland might rest assured that he
would have nothing to fear from him (Mr. D ) in
relaion to that law.
After an ineffectual attempt by Mr. STANLY
to obtain the floor,
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON sent to the Clerk's table
a letter, which the Reporter to this papstr had ad-
dressed to him, stating that the remarks of Mr.
Duncan were revised by that gentleman pievious
to their going to press. [The unmerited censure
cast upon the Reporter by several members, in-
duced him to take that step.]
The letter having been read,
Mr. JOHNSON proceeded to make some brief
retaliatory remarks, in which he contended that
Mr. Duncan had not relieved himself from the
charge.
Mr. DUNCAN said that the remarks in the
Gli be were precisely what he said.
Mr. WISE said he would never again yield the
floor for the purpose of alloiving gentlemen to in-
dulge in per-.ona!ities, and alluded to ihe passage of
a certain law of Cenaros, and the predictions he
then rnace in regard to it—the fruits of which the
House were:daily witnessing. He a?ain referred
to the lefer in ihe Richmond Enquirer, speaking
of his opposition to W. C. Rives. Although
Mr. W's personal feelings in this matter re-
mained unchanged, he was, nevertheless, glad flut
Mr. R.Wiis sent back to the Senate of the United
States, and hoped he would pursue the Republican
tack of his great patron, Mr. Jefferson.
Mr. W. recapitulated his reasons vdiy he would
vote for the Treasury note bid; one of which was
that it would banish all excuses for a called session.
If one should be called, nolhing would be don?;
the country would be dissatisfied, and the Admini-
stration blamed. This was ihe cise in 1837,
when two months were consumed in debate, End
nothing wss done; and if an extra session were to
be called in 1841, the country would be left where
it was, except subjected to some additional expense
of two or three hundred thourand dollars.
After u'ging fnrther objections against an extra
session, Mr. W. said he hoped the majority in the
House woxild leave the Whigs the means to carry on
the Government until December next, and let them
go home and consult wiih their constituents on the
very important measures-which be feared would be
prematurely brought forward at a called session;
wait the development of events; wait to see the
importations of the country, and not anticipate
them; go home and feel the pulse of the people on
the subject of a bank, the public lands, etc.
Mr. W. said he was called on to do that which
he never expected to do on God's earth, and gen-
tlemen mint not smile when he had to praise a re-
port of Levi Woodbury! At all events it was an
able paper ; from the Nazarene, from whom he
never expected any good. Every gentleman, of
all sides, did justice to the report, made in compliance
with the resolution of the Senile of the 16th inst.
calling upon the Secrefary of the Treasury to com-
municate io the Senate the pian of a permanent
change in the tariff, and its details and general
principles. Mr. W. remarked that gentlemen would
find his sc-nlimeats precisely in the report of He
Secretary, for which he humbly and respectfully
i   thanked him.
Mr. W. spoke at some¡ length in regard to the
compromise act and other subjects connected with
the revenue; but, without concluding, gave way far
a motion that the committee rise.
The committee then rose, reported progress, and
asked leave to sit again.
Mr. PROPPIT moved that the House again re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole, and
take up the bill confirming to the State of Indiana
a gytnt of land on the Wabash and Erie canal.
Objection being made.
Mr. PROFFIT moved a suspsnsion of the rules
but no quorum voted, and
The House then adjourned.
Mr. Blair will please publi«h the annexed note
of Mr. Hunt, (your Reporter,) which I herewith
enclose you. I send it as sn offset to the note upon
whi-'h Mr. Johnson relied to prove that I did not
denounc3 him as reponed m last Wednesday's Globe.
The enclosed no!e will show what Mr Hunt remem-
bers of the language used towards Mr. Johnson.
Mr. Hunt was right in disclaiming (responsibility.
I revised his notes as reported, and inserted what
he neglected or forgot to insert. I made the report
correspond with what I said.
A. DUNCAN.
House of Representatives,
January 29,1841.
Sir: Having, as an act of justice to myself, ad-
dressed a letter to the Hon. W. C. Johnson, sta'-
ing that curtain reported proceedings in the
'Globe" were revised by you, at your request,
I now state the language I understood you to use
to that gentleman, and which would have appeared
in the report had it not been revised.
In the first place you read from the National
Intelligencer the following:
' Mr. W. C. Johnsos submitted to ihe Chair
whether it was in order for an individual to charge
General Harrison with cowardice, who had himself
been branded a? a coward on this floor."
After expressing your astonishment at the above,
and stating that you heard no such remarks, you
turned towards Mr. Johnson, and said, in substance,
that "if the language was used, you bad no hesita-
tion in denouncing the mimrlio ut'ered it as guilty
of a base falsehood, and an inramous liar."
I did not hear the terms "contemptible puppy,"
"scoundre'," and "infamous coward," as applied
to Mr. Johnson, but undersk od them as having re-
ference to what you stated had taken place between
ysurself and Mr. Menefee, on a former occasion.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WM. HUNT, Reporter to the Globe.
Hon. Alexander Duncan.
IN SENATE,
Friday, January 29, 184!.
Mr. WHITE presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Indiana in favor of holding the Presiden-
tial elecion on the same day throughout the Union;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
A NATIONAL BANK.
Mr. WHITE also presented resolulions of the
same body in favor of the creation of a National
Bank Mr. W. gave his views on the subject at
considerable leng'h, expressing himself strongly in
favor of the measure recommended, and his confi-
dence that 'he Administration about coming into
power would do its duty in regard to it. The reso-
lulions were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. NORVELL presented a petition of citizens
of Michigan in favor of a general bankrupt law;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a petition of ci-
tizens of Utica, N. Y. for the pas-age of a bank-
rupt law; which was laid on the table.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of E. W. and
H. Smith; which was read, and ordered to a se-
cond reading.
Mr. GRAHAM, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill
directing a survey to ascertain the practicability
and expense of constructing a passage from Albe-
marle Sound to the Atlantic Ocean; which, after
some remarks from Mr. G. was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the bill for the
relief of Greene and Emerson was taken up and
considered as in committee of the whole, and, af-
ter being explained by Mr. H. was ordered to te
engrossed for a ¡bird reading.
