134                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bill for the distribution of the proceeds of the sales
s   of the public lands among the States.
Mr. CALHOUN, who was entitled to the flpor,
replied at length to the arguments of Messrs. Clay
of Kentucky and Web tee, and demonstrated the
unconstitutionality of the distribution measure, and
' vindicated the measure of cession from the attacks
qf those gentlemen.
He was was followed m the debate by Messrs.
MANGUM and WEBSTER, and replied to those
gentlemen.
Mr. YOUNG then took the floor, and after a
few explanatory remarks, proposed as an amend-
ment to Mr. Crittenden's motion to ¡substitute for
it the bill of Mr Calhoun, proposing to cede the
land's to the Sta'es withm which they lie, upon
certain conditiorb, ^hich he hoped would be ordered
to be printed, and the further consideration of the
subject postponed until Monday.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama assented to this course,
but hoped as the debate on this question had al-
ready lasted four weeks, that it would be finally
disposed of on Monday evening.
And the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP  REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, January 30, 1841.
Mr. PICKENS, by consent, introduced the fol-
lowing resolution-
Sesohed, That the President be requested to com-
municate to this House, it not incompatible wi'h
the public interest, any mil rmation or correspond-
ence he may have in íelation to recent seizures or
search of any of our vessels upon the coast of
Africa, or elsewhere, by British cruisers or autho-
rities, and the cause of such search or seizure, and
the authority under which they have been made.
Mr. ADAMS moved to amend the resolution by
adding the following
"And also copies of all correspondence between
the Governments of the United States and Great
Britain relating to the African slave trade, from
the 3d of March, 1837, and of despatches from
Nathaniel P Trtst, Consul of the United States at
Havana, to the Department of State, relating in
any way to the said A/rican slave trade."
Mr. PICKENS accepted this amendment as a
modification oí his resolution.
And lhe resolution, thus amended, was adopted.
On motion of Mr GUSHING, the House con-
curred in the following resolution of the Senate,
adopted on the 26th irst.
Hesolved, That a committee be appointed to join
snch committee as may be appointed on the part of
the House of Representatives, to a&certam and re-
port a mode of examining the vo'cs for Presi-
dent and Vice Presidem of the United States, and
of notifying the persons elected ot their election
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication", viz
I. Prom the IteA^viy Depailment, in compli-
ance with the lesolution of the House of the 17th
of December, ss to the manner m winch the Inde-
pendent Treasury has- been earned into efllct.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
II Prom the Navy Department, in obedience to
the resolution of the House of the 8th mst calling
for information m regard to the Navy pension
fund.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed
III.  From the same Department, m accordance
with the provisions of the second section of the act
of Congress of May 1, 1820, entitled '-An act in
addition to the several acts foi the establishment
of the Treasury, War, and Navy Departments,
showing the annual statement of the appropria-
tions for the naval s^rv ce for the year 1840, and
the amount appropriated undei each specfic head,
the amount expended u'ider each, and the ba-
lances remaining in ths Treasury on the 31st of
December, 1840.
Laid on the table, and oidered to be printed.
IV.  From the Treasury Department, in com-
pliance with the resolutions of the House of the
22d of December, calling upon the Secretary to
report to the House the amount of Trepsury notes
and drafts that hav« been issued, and drawn since
the arst of January, 1840, with the respective dates
at which cach notes and  drafts have been issued
and drawn; together with the names of the persons
to whom, or in whose fa<tor, and for whose benefit
such drafts have been drawn, ard the service,
consideration, or object for which they have been
drawn; al«o, at what time or times, and what
amount of Treasury notes, if any, have been depo-
sited with any of the banks; and if any,which of such
banks, and at what time; what amount and what
description of funds, if any, were received from
the banks in which such deposites were made, and
whether taid money was left íu deposite ía said
banks, or transferred to the Independent or Sub-
Treasury, as directed by law, and at what twe the
interest commenced on the notes thus deposited.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
V.  From the State Department, in compliance
with the resolution of the House of the 27th ms'ant,
relative to the census returns from the Marshal of
the distnct of Conn eticut.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
VI.  From the President of the United States, as
follows-
To   the Senate and House of Representatives of the
Untied States
In compliance with the act of Congress of the 3d
of March, 3829,1 here  ith transmit to Congress
the twelfth annual report of the Board of Inspectors
of the Penitentiary of the District of Columbia
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, January 29, 1841.
Referred to the Commit ee for the Distuct of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed
VII   Another message from the President, viz
To lhe House of Repi eseatatives
By ihe report of the Secretary of State, heiewith
communicated, and the accompanying papers, ]t
appears that an additional appropnation is necessa-
ry, if it should be the pleasure ot Congress that the
preparatory exploration and survey of the North-
eastern boundary of the United States should be
completed.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, Jan. 29  1841.
Referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
VIII. From the Navy Department, in compli-
ance with a lecent resolution of the House of Re-
presentatives, transmitting copies of naval courts
martial in the ca es of Commodore Smoot and
Lieutenants Sasrpe and Stallmgs.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Tne following bill and resolution from the Se-
nate were then read a first and second time, viz-
An act authoriz ng the settlement and payment
of certain claims of ihe State of Alabama- referred
to the Committee of Claims.
A reiolutioa authorizing sets of the standard
wnghis and measures to be furnished to the War
Department, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
TREASURY NOTE BILL
On motion of Mr Jonís. of Virginia, the House
lesolvsd itself into a Committee of the Who e'en
the state oí the Union, (Mr. Case? m the cteur,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill autho-
rizing the issue of five millions of dollars in Trea-
sury notes
Mr HUBBARD being entitled to the floor, re-
sumed his remarks from yesterday in favor of ihe
bill. He went Gn to show that in the course of the
debaie, there was. no necessity for going into the
merits of the last elec'ion and other matters. The
only question was on the merits of the bill then be-
fore the committee, and to that alone ought the de-
bate to be confined. But inasmuch as members on
the other side had gone into the merits ot other
subjects, he would consider himself as justified in
slightly noticirg them. He then gave his views on
the subject of the distribution of the public lands
and taxation, both direct and indirect.
Mr H then showed the great profits that a Na-
tional Bank must derive from the keeping of the
public deposites. Tne enemies of the Sub-Treasu-
ry system had urged that, by that scheme, Govern-
ment would keep all the money. But would not a
National Bank keep all the profits from the nse of
the immense amount of the public money? Certain-
ly it would. That being the case, the bank, it es-
tabhshed,ought to be required to pay a proper bonus,
so that the people might have the worth of their
money
In regard to the false charge of the Oppostion,
that this Administration wisned to reduce the
price of labor, Mr. H. said this was in conformity
with the old rule of the Opposi ion, in charging the
Administration with what they were aiming to do
themselves. He then argued that the enormous
expenditures he anticipated would be made when
General Harrison came into power, would be a
sure means of reducing the price of labor.
Speaking of the proposed loan, advocated by
some gentleman on the other side, Mr H. declared
that the State of Alabama would not accept a loan
which would make her condition «orce than it
was before. Besides, the present distressed con-
dition in the money market m France and England,
rendered it eiiremelv douotful whether a loan
could be obtained, if author zed.
After some fur her remarks m relation to the
public lands, Mr. H. alluded to the specie circalai
of the .ate Presidsnt Jackfon. He snowed that if
that circular had not been issued, the whole public
domain would have been swept away by worthless
bark paper, and then tne Oppoiition party would
have blamed the Executive for permitting it.
Mr. JENIFER next obtained the floor, and
spoke against the issue of Treasury notes, and in
favor of a loan.
After some remarks in le'ation to the arguments
urged by Mr. Wish ¿gainst an extra session, Mr.
J. pioceeded to contend that if Gen. Harrison
should call an extra session at the earliest practica-
ble period, he would be carrying out the principles
on which he was elec ed. If an extra session
should be called only to rtpeal the Sub-Treasury
law, that would be of itself a sufficient reason.
Mr. J went on to expnss his regret that in the
three days' speech of the gentleman fiom Virginia,
[Mr Wisi] that gent'eman had not assumed a sin-
gle position which cou'd be sanctioned by his political
friends
Mr. J. then proceeded at some lengtn to contro-
vert the conclusions drawn by Mr W. in relation
to tbe effects of a tariff on foreign wine , silks, etc.
He (Mr. J ) argued that this course ought to be
pursued by us as a matter of self-defence, and tint
to act upon this principle would be sound policy
If France had the right to lay restrictive duties on
American goods, then we had the same right to lay
an impost on her wines and silks; lor he contended
that the introduction of silks here was a benefit to
France, and an injury to the cotton planter
Mr. J. then went into ¡he merits of the tobacco
interest, and referred at great length to the policy of
this country and France in/elation to it.
Mr. VANDERPOEL next obtained the floor,
but yielded it to
Mr CUSHING-, who made a brief explanation,
to the effect that lhe views of the North on the tariff
question were coiciliatory.
Mr. VANDERPOEL was then about to proceed,
wnen, at the iohcitation of his friends, be again
yielded the floor, and a motion was made that the
committee rose
A division being called, no quorum voted.
The committee then rose, and reported that fact
to the House.
A motion was then made to adjourn, and it was
decided in the affiimalive, as follow., yeas 53,
nays 29
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, Febiuary 1, 1841.
The VICE PRESIDENT submitted a report
from the Secretary of War, transmitting abstracts
of the general returns of the mibtia of the United
States, and of thfii arms, accoutrements, and am-
munition for tbe year 1839, which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed
The following are the numbers of the militia in
the respective States and Territories, as given in
the Adjutant General's return
Maiae    .           .           .           .           46 338
New Hampshire            .           .           28,762
Massachusetts   .           .            ,           90,857
Vermont            .           .           .           26,307
Rhode island    .           .            .             4,491
