CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
Connecticut
New York
New Jersey
Pennsylvania    .
Delaware
Maryland
Virginia.
North Carolina .
South Carolina .
Georgia
Alabama
Louisiana
Mississippi
Tennessee
Kentucky
Ohio
Indiana .
Illinois .
Missouri
Arkansas
Michigan
Florida Territory
Wiskonsan
Iowa
District of Columbia
43  176
162,172
39,171
202 281
9,229
46 864
105 522
65 218
48 817
57,312
44 332
14,808
36 084
60,9-^2
82 335
146 428
53 913
27 386
34,856
2,028
5,476
827
5,223
1,249
Total           .           .      1,492 444
Also, a communication from the Governor of
Iowa, trans-mitting resolutions of the Legislative
Council on various subjects, which were referred to
the appropriate committees.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial very nu-
merously signed by merchants of Charleston, re-
monstraung against the passage of a bankrupt
law; which was la'd on the table, and ordered to be
printed
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Oneida cunty, remonstraung against the
passage of any bankrupt law which will be retro-
active m its operation, which was ¡Sid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. W. also presented a memorial signed by a
very large number of the mercrants and business
men of the city of Albany, against the passage oí a
bankrupt law s milar to that of the last session;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
citizens of the borough and county of Erie, asking
an appropriation to complete the construction of the
harbor at that place Mr. B. adverted to the great
importance of this harbor, in case difficulties should
arise with our neighbor on the northern side of the
lakes, and said that without further appropriations
were made to complete it, all that had been hereto-
fore spent would, have been spent in vam. Hjj>
asked that the memorial might be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KING remarked that the Committee on
Commerce had already taken this subject into con-
sideration, and would repoit the result of then de-
liberations at an early day. The memorial was
then referred and ordered to be printed
Mr. BAYARD presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the Slate of Delaware in favor of a dis-
tribution of the proceeds cf the sales of the public
lands smong- the Stales. Mr. CLAYTON and
Mr BAYARD submitted som* remarks in con-
nection with this subject, m the course of which
Mr. B. intimated his intention at the next session
to submit a motion to expunge the expunging reso-
lution. The resolutions were laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. YOUNG presented memorials of citizens of
Greene and Scott counties, Illinois, piaymg the
establishment of certain post routes, which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. Y also presented a memorial of citizens of
St Louis, asking for aid in the construction of the
Mount Carmel and New Albany Railrsad Compa-
ny, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented the memorial
of eitmns of Logan county, Ohio, asking for the
recognition of Ha>ti and the establishment of di-
plomatic relations therewith. Mr. C said as no-
thing could be done with this subject at the present
session, if indeed any thing ought to be done at all,
he weald move that the memorial should be laid on
the table, which was agreed to.
Mi STURGEON said he held in his hand reso-
lutions passed by the Legislature of Pennsylvania,
instructing his colleague and himselt to vote for a
distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands among the States agreeably to their ratio
of representation. He should obey the general
tmor of the resolutions, and vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden] to the bill now before the Senate.
Although he was not among those who had im-
plicit faith m legislative mstiuctions, noi would he
jie'd them implicit obedience, yet while he held a
seat in the Senate of the United States, he should
feel disponed to conform in his vote to the wishes of
the people of the State which he had the honor in
part to represent, and as he was inclined to believe
feat a majont/ of the people ef the State of Penn-
sylvania may be at this tiire m favor of a distribu-
tion of the pioceeds of the sates of the public lands,
he was disposed to take the resolutions of the Legis-
lature as collateral evidence, and collateral evi-
dence alone, of the fact. He should cast his vote
accordingly.
The resolutions were read, laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr BUCHANAN presented the memorial of a
number of citizens ef Pennsylvania, asking that
a duty may be imposed on foreign silk, foi the
protection of the American silk grower Mr B
said he was entirely favorable to thp object of the
memorialists, but as he had stated at the last ses-
sion, the Senate had no power to originate a reve-
nue bill. The memorial was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. GRAHAM presented a wemor al of citi-
zens of Orange county in favor of a bankrupt law,
whicti was read, and laid on the table.
Mr MOUIOlN pie ented resolutions of the Le-
g slatnre of Louisiana in favor of the passage of a
general bankrupt law, which were read, and or-
dered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. MOUTON, the petition and
paper? of the heirs of Peter Walker, and the papers
of the heirs of Antonio Gra<¡, wire referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WHITE presented memorials of citizens of
Indiana, I linois, arid Iowa, praying the esta-
bl.shraent of mail routes, which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Po^t Roads.
Mr. NORVELL presented resolutions of the
L gislatuie ot Michigan, in favor of the passage
of a bill making appropriations for the completion
of all lake harbors coma enced by the Government
of the United States, which were read, referred
to the ComnuUee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed
Mr WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the memorial of William A.
Wh ¡«head, reported a bill for his relief; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading
Mr KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the bill directing a survey to
ascertain the practicability and expense of con-
structing a passage from Albemarle Sound to the
At'an'ic Ocean, reported the same wnh an amend-
ment.
Mr. K also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial asking for the erection
of a new custom house at Philadelphia, moved to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
subject.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, the motion
to discharge the committee was laid on the table.
BILLS PASSED.
Tne bill for the relief of Juan Belgar, and
The bill for the relief of the legal heirs and re-
presenatives of William Conway,
were severally read a third time and passed.
ORDERS OP THE DAY.
The bill for the relief of Pierre Babm,
The bill for the relief of George Da Passau, of
Louisiana,
Th? bill for the relief of John Compton, as-
signee and representative of Garngues Flaujac,
The bill for the relief of Jean Baptiste Comeau,
The bill confirming the claim of Jean Baptiste
Comeau to a tract of land in Louisiana, and           ■
1     The bill fo* the relief of the legal representative
of There'e Malette, widow of Gaspard Phiole,
were severally considered as in committee of th
whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a thin
reading.
PERMANENT PROSPECTIVE PRE EMPTION LAW.
The bill io establish a permanent prospective pre
emption s}stem, m favor of settlers on the publ*
lands, who shall inhabit and cultivate the same, am
raise a log cabin thereon, was taken up, the questioi
beine on the motion of Mr. Crittenden to recommi
the bill, wnh instructions to reportabiUfor thedistn
button of the proceeds of the sales of the publie land
among the Sta'es, which Mr. Young had on Satur
day proposed to amend by a motion to substituto
for it the bill cf Mr. Calhoun, proposing to cedí
the lands to the States within which they he, npoi
ccUm conditions.
Mr YOUNG addressed the Senate at length it
favor of his motion, and in defence of the pre etnp
live policy.
Mr PULTON followed on the same side, wh<
advocated the cession bill as a measure of justio
due to sovereign States.
Mr. HUBBARD then obtained the floor, but, i
being late, yielded to a motion for adjournment.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE! OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, February 1, 1841.
After thp journal was read,
The Hon HINES HOLT, of Georgia, elected t<
fill the vacancy occasioned by the resignation e
the Hon W. T. CoLaui it, appeared, was qualified
and Uxk his seat.
MILEAGE.
The SPEAKER stated that a member fron
Kentucky, Mr. S. Williams, who was confined ti
bis room by indisposition, had presented to bim ai
pecount for short mileage at a previous Congress
He did not feel authorized to issue a warrant fo
the payment of the account, as it related to a tin*
when the chair was not occupied by the present m
cumbent Such cases as this had formerly beei
adjusted by the Committee of Accounts; but sines
the cieation of the Cmnmutee on Mileage, tha
committee considered its duties on the subject a
superseded. The present Committee on Mileagi
did not conceive that it could go behind the presea
Congress, and the Speaker said he was left th
only al'ernative of submitting the matter to tb<
Hou-e foi their disposal.
Mi. WISE moved that the Speaker settle am
adjust tne account.    But,
After some remarks by Messrs. SMITH o
Mame, JOHNSON of Virginia, THOMPSON o
Sou'h Carolina, MORGAN, WILLIAMS of Con
necticut, and WHITE of Kentucky,
On motion of Mr. GRINNELL, the subject wa
laid upon the fable.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
On motion of Mi. JONES of Virginia, fheHous
resolved itself it.to a Committee of the Whole Ol
the «tate of the Union, (Mr Casey m the chair,
and re umed the consideration of the bill autho
rizing the rsue of Treasury notes.
Mr VANDERPOEL being entitled to the floor
observed that there was no member of the commit
tee who had the least doubt but that the bill woulc
pas'-, and yet, although there was an immediate ne
ceisity for its passsge, honorable gentlemen hac
«elected it as a mark at whieh to commence a sort
of fire agamit the Administration. At such a time,
wh n th>> Treasury was m immediate want of relief,
he would leave it to their own consciences to say
how magaammous was such conduct.
Mi. V. then proceeded to notice the unfounded
cbaigís of the Opposition m relation to the report
of trie Secretary of the Treasury. A gentleman
from Mame [Mr. Evans] had contended that the
Secretary had given no previous m'lmation that the
Treasury would require relief. Such was not the
case. At the last session of Congress, the Secreta
ry had again and again called the attention of Con
gress to the fact, and asked the adoption of suet
measures as would afford relief. But no attentioi
was paid to the warning, a deaf ear was turned U
every lemonbtranc , and the Secretary had to gc
