CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             139
ful for the said Secretary, upon íeceivmg bond,
wi'h sufficient security, to indemnify the United
States against any oiher claim en account of the
Treasury note alleged to be so lost or destroy,^,^/
pay the amount due on such note, U the person
who had lost, or in whose posseasion it had been
d-stroyed.
Mr. CURTIS remarked that this section was an
exact transcript of the lav of 1319, authorizing the
payment, m certain cases, on account of Tiea^ury
notes, which have been lost or destroyed.
Mr. TRIPLETT then spoke at tome length in
reply to the remarks of Mr. Vandekpoel on yes
terday. After some preliminary observations, Mr.
T. proceeded to assure the committee that, under
the administration of Geneial Harrison,
Nomfltr ordeceivei
Would be appointed iieceiver
Also, under the s-.rne Administraron, gentlemen
might be assmed that
No min a Hicte J to grabbin'
Would be permitted to entei the log cabin
«Mr T. said he would deny that there was a «oli-
taiy Whig member in the Hou«e, or out of it, who
desired a called session, unless they should be
driven to u by imperative necessity. He
then went on to show what, in his opmion, was
the actual state of ihe Treasury, and that the esti-
mates of the Secretary of the Tr a^ury vere not
correct. He contended that the deficiency was not
temporary, but permanent
In the course of his remarks on protective duties
on foreign luxuries, Mr T alluded to tbe tobrccoin-
terest He called attention to the fact that whi'e our
cotton was taxed m England but 33J per cent the
tax on tobacco was eight hundred per cent. This,
he contended, was enough to aiouse the blood
of any man of the tobacco growing States. The
States of Greece once poured out their forces m a
bodj upon Troy to avenge a sing'e individual,
and ancient, Rome once rose in arm^ on account of
a single citizen, but here were a million and a half
of our cit /ens interested in tbe tobacco question,
and no attention was paid to thtir wrongs.
Mr. T. concluded by replying in detail to th«
arguments of Mr. Wise on that subject.
Mr COLES ot Virginia then obtained the floor,
and after some preliminary remarks in re'ation 10
the anticipated measures of the coming Adminis-
tration, said he would vote for the bill because he
believed the wants of the country required it.
Mr C adverted to the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and vindicated the sime frcm the
unfounded attacks made upon it. The expendi-
tures of the year, it was true, were founded on the
report of the Secretary, but gentlemen need raise
no object.on on that account, for the whole appro-
priations, with the cxeep ion of about a million,
were under the control of Congie^s. These appro-
priations they had the powe. to regulate as they
might think proper
Aftei showing that, if the appropriations were
kept within proper bound's, there would be suffi
cient means to meet every demand during'the year,
Mr C explained that the no'es requited row weie
merely for a temporary assistance to the Treasury,
to enable it to anticipate the receipts; and that a per-
manent deficiency, as some gentlemen endeavored
to make out, would not necessarily be the ca*e.
He then defended the emission of Treasury notes
as m strict conformity to the Constitution.
But this mode of raising money had been object-
ed to because it was the easiest mode. He then
showed that this objeetion amounted *o no more
than an objection to dealing at the nearest store.
He considered that five mill'ons of thee notes,
under present circumstances, were amply sufficient
to cover the inequalities now existing between the
receipts and expenditures, and at the end of the
year, unless he was grossly deceived, there would
be a sufficient amount m the Treasury to redeem
them.
Mr. C then, at some length, exposed the falla-
cious arguments of tho e gentlemen who bad at-
tempted to prove the cxistenc  of a national debt.
They would find that tt ere was no debt authorized
by law, and it there was to be a debt, it must de-
pend on the <uture action of Congress.
Mr. C. then spoke at somejength in relation to
the tobacco interest of this country, and the neces-
sity of the protection of that interest.
The lemark of Mr. C. will appear hefeafter.
Mr BLACK said, that he would not have risen
to speak on the subject, it the merits of the bill had
been kept before the House, in relation to the
adoption of which, he presumed no man doubted
the necessity. But there were other topics connect-
ed with this subject, and bad grown out of it They
were impoitant to the people who sent him here.
He did not, howevei, speak so much as a Represen-
ta ive, as one of the soveteign people of Georgia.
Hi  reprssenWive capacity was /ast expiring,
and, in a few days more, all the tiapp ns:s of of-
fice would bo taken from him He would then go
back to Georgia and mingle with the peopte who
sent him he'e But while here, he had the doub'e
right to speak, not only in his representative capa-
city, but as one 01 tbe people.
Mr B after soma remarks in relation (o his own
Std'e, alluded to a pictorial representation ot him
self, and some of his colleagues fiom Georgia,
which was exhibiting, and for sale in the stores on
the avenue. The idea sought to be conveyed by
that pietoiial repre entation, Mr. B. pronounced as
a base slander, both in its conception and exe-
cut on
He then alluded to the remarks of Mr Vander-
poel en yesterday, and said that, alihongli thit
speech gave him great pleasure, vet theie was one
pcrtionof it for which he hid to express his re-
gret The gemleman had tnouehtproper to inti-
mate that as «,o much had been said about the in-
terests of the South, he supposed that New York
and Pennsylvania would, after a while, be consi-
dered as mere colóme*.
Bu', Mr. B °aid what would all the vaunted com-
merce of the Nona and East bs without oar South-
ern product—our cotton. If it weie not for tie
cotton cf the South, how could the JNorth, freight
their ships. Would they load them with onions,
applet, and wooden nutmeg1-1 Wo, it it were not
for the cotton, their boEsWl commerce would fall at
once. Mr. B. merely referred to this as an answer
to what the gentleman fiom New York had ^aid;
but he tnought it was impolitic and useless to ms'i-
tute such comparison";.
After adverting to tbe singular discrepancies be-
tween the statements ot Messrs. Barnard, Evans,
Bell, and others of the Opposition, who h?d un-
dertaken to abu«e the Admistratienas extravagant,
Mr. B. said he would take his ground on this
broad fact, which he commended to ths especial
notice of Southern men He a«ser'ed ihat <mee
Mr Van Burea bad beei in power, he had, with a
decreasing revenue, and an increasing country, re-
duced the expenditures of the Government nearly
ten millions of dollars
Mr B then proceeded to prove this by reference
to authentic do-umenis- after which, jn a very se-
vere manner, he animadverted on the conduct of
those gent'emen who had charget the Administra-
tion with extravagance.
He showed that the extraordmry expenditures
of the Florida war, the public budd'ngs, the remo-
val of the Indians, the pension , had all been
charged upon the present Adminístranos  <ss oidi-
nary exoenses, and yet, notwithstanding all these
disadvantages, Mr. Van Buren had managed to re-
duce the expenditures nearly ten milKn  ot dollars
Mr. B then gave his views on the tanff, a Na-
tional Bank, and otner subjects broached by the
speakers of the Opposition. And having con-
cluded,
A motion was then made that tho committee
rise; which prevailed.
But no quorum votirg, the committee rose and
reported that fact to the House.
Mr ALFORD moved that the House again go
into a committee of the whole.
Mr. ADAMS asked that the House be counted
to see whether a quorum was present, and
On counting the House, the SPEAKER declared
that there were sixty members present
Mr ADAMS moved that the House now ad-
journ
On that question, the yeas and nays were called,
which were ordered, and were. Yeas 27, «ays 26
So the House adjourned.
The commu'ee appointed on Saturday last to as-
certain and report a mode of examining and count-
ing the votes for President and Vice President of
the United States, consists., on the part of the
House, of Mr. Cushino, Mr. Jones of Virginia,
Mr Ghasgee, Mr. Dawson, and Mr. Atherton;
on the part of the Senate, of Mr. Prestbn, Mr. HttB- 
bard, and Mr. Huntington.
IN SENATE.
WEnNFSDiT, February 3, 1841.
The VICE PRESIDENT submitted a messags
from the President oí the United States in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate in relation to
tbe survey, to ascertain and designate the boundary
line between the State of Michigan and the Terri-
tory of Wiskonsan; which was ordered to be printed.
Abo, a report from the Commissioner of Patents,
showing the opera'ions of the Patent Office during
the year 1840, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a remonstrance from a
latge number of citizens of Seneca, New Yoik, m
oppes tion to the passage of a bankrupt law;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
punted
Mr. W. al-o presented a memorial of the pilots
of the port of New Yoik, praying for a repeal ot
the pi'ot law of 1837; which was laid on the table,
and cdered to be printed
Mr. BUCHANAN presented eleven memorials
of ■-addlers and harness makers of Philadelphia,
pray4ng the imposition of a duty on foreign sad-
dlery and harness; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Mannfac ures.
Mr RUGGLES presented the memorial of cer-
tiin manufacturéis and mechanics of the United
States praying the passage of a lav/ for the securi-
ty of the rights of the proprietor1  of designs aad
patent , which was otdered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Commi tec. on Patents and the Patent
OfPce.
Mr. ALLEN presented a petition of thirty-four
citizens of Perry county, Ohio, praying the passage
of a general bankrupt law; which was laid on the
table.
Mr SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee ou
the Judiciary, reported a bill to alter the place of
holding one of the terms of the Circuit and D strict
Couits m Oh.o, which was read, and ordered to a
second leading.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on the Pub-
ic Lands, to which was referred the bill granting
to the county of Johnson, in the Territory of Iowa,
Ihe right of pre-emption to a tract of land for a
seat cfjusi"e f>r said county, and repea'ing the
"econd section ot an ae>, approved the 3d March,
1839, entitled "An act making a donation of land
to the Tem'ory of Iowa, for the purpose of erect-
ing public bui dings thereon," reported ihe same
without amendment.
Mi STURGEON, from the Committee on Re-
volutionary Claims, to which was referred a bill
for the re'i f of the representatives of Captain Wil-
liam Williams, late of the State of North Carolina,
deceased, repoited the same without amendment.
Mr ROBINSON, from the Committee on the
Post Office, repotted a b ,1 to authorize the Post-
master General to settle the claim* of William
Neil and Co. which was read, and ordered to a sa-
sonJ reading.
Mr LINN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing a pre eruption ngtit to En*ch Ei'ans; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims
Mr BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion.
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to nqune the, expediency ot granting a
pension to the widow of the late Captain Davis of
the 3d artillery, who died .in consequence of sickj
ness and exp *ure in his endeavors to perform duty
m the late gallant expedition of Lieutenant Colonel
Han>py, through the Everglades m Florida.
Tne ¡esoluticn was agreed to, and with accom-
panying documents, referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
On motion by Mr. CLAY of Alabama, the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads was in-
