140
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
struc'ed to inquire mío the expediency of establish-
ing a mail route from Bridpevilie, by way of Fair-
field, in Picken1 e unty, Alabama, to Macon, m
Noxubee county, Mississippi.
Mr. ROBINSON said he was instructed by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
move that 2500 copies of the report oí Mr. Putt up-
on the administration of the post offices in the dif-
ferent kingdoms of Europe, be printed for the use
of the Senate.
This motion gavp rise to an extended debate, in
which Messrs. ROBINSON, TAPPAN, CRIT-
TENDEN, BUCHANAN, PRESTON, LINN,
HUNTINGTON, SMITH of Connecticut, CAL-
HOUN, KNIGHT, and LUMPKIN, parucipatcd.
The eontroverled point in the discussion was. the
authority of the Postmaster General to dipu'e an
agent to Europe, which was answered by the pro-
duction oí a resolution of the Senate requiring him
to collect informati >n which could not otherwise be
procured. Most of the Senators bore strong lesti-
mony to the ability and valee of the rep irt of Mr
Plitt, and the faithfulness with which he bad per-
formed the dutus confided to him. The resolution
to print «as agreed to.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were read a third time and
passed:
The bill for the relief of the egal representatives
of Nathaniel Pjyor, deceased.
The bill (or the relief of Fpbrai-n D Dickson.
The bill (ir the reaef of J M Stradei.
The bi I for the reí cf oí the  heir; of  Madame
De Lusmt.
The bill for the rehef of Gtirdoti S. Hubbard, Ro-
bert A Kmzie, and others.
The bill tor the relief of Francis A. Harrison.
The bill for the rtl ef of the heirs of  Miguel
Eslava.
Tne bill for the relief o! the legal representatives
of Pierre Bonhomme.
The bill foi the relief ol Henry Wilson, and
Tof bill for the relief of the legal íepresentaüves
of Colin Bishop.
Oi mi lion by Mr. FRCVTI3S, the bill lor the
rel U oi John JVhNuI vvas taken up, coi su!e id as
in committee or the «hole, and o.deied to be en-
grossed lor a thud leading;
GENERAL BANKRUPT JLAW.
Mi. CRITTENDEN moved that the considera-
tion of the special ordeis be po tponed, end that
the Seriate proceed to consider the bill estab'ishmg
a uniform system of bankruptcy, which, after
some discussion, was agreed to,with an undci (land-
ing that it would be taken up to morrow at one
o'clock.
On motion by Mi. KING, the Senate went into
the consideration of Executive busings
And then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, February 3, 1841
Mr. GUSHING said he was instructed by the
joint committee appointed to examine the votes for
President and Vice President of the United States,
and to notify the pe.sons elected oí their election,
to ask that the House concur in the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the two houses will assemble in
the chamber of the House of Representatives on
Wednesday, the 10th oí February, at 12 o'clock,
and the President of the Senate shall be presiding
officer, that one person be appointed a teller on
the part of the Senate, and two on the pari of the
House of Representatives, to mal<e a list ot the
votes as they shall be declared, that the íesult shall
be declaied to tb.3 President of the Senate, who
shall announce the slate of the vote, and the per-
sons elected, to the two Houses as aforesaid, which
shall be deemed a declaration of the per'ons elect-
ed President and Vice President of the United
States, and, together with a lis of vote*, be entered
on the journals of the two Houses.
The resolution w-ss concurred in.
Mr. LEET asked eave to present, and have re-
ferred, the memorial of B nedict Reynold;,, of
Washington county, Pennsylvania, praying for a
pension. Objections being made, leave was not
granted.
Mr. JONES of Virginia moved that the House
resolve itself mío Commutee of the Who'e on the
State of the Union, and resume the consideration
of the special ordf-r.
Mr STEENROD mo zed a recon i 'erat on of the
vote, taken on yesterday, by which the fallowing
resolution was adopted:
Whereas, the bill of th s House, (No. 298,) en-
titled "An act to authenze <he issuing of Treasury
notes," was taken up in Committee ot the Whole
House on the state oí the Union, on the 18th day
of January last, and has been made under discus-
sion to this time:
And whereas, much of the indispensable public
business is yet to be acted on; therefore,
Resolved, That said committee be discharged
from the further cons.doration of said bill, from and
afiei the 2J day of February mst. at 3 o'clock, p.
m. unless the same st all be reported to the House
before that time, and that said bill, with such
amendments, if any, as shall have been adopted in
s.-ud commutes, shall be then taken up in the
House, and b^the special order until finally disposed
of, reserving to said committee ihe right, accord-
ing to the rules of the House, to report the same
sjoner if the discu~s on shall terminate.
Mr. WISE said be hoped a vote on Ihe motion
to reconsider would be taken, as he had an amend-
ment to propose, so as to put the coming Admims-
tiation on preci ely tlu same footing as the present
Admi'trAt on, m letari to t>ie issue of Treasury
notes and he hop d iho motion would prevail,
simple tor 'he pu'( ^„e of alio • is; his amendment
to be m'r dnc d Tco <■>!*> need ill amend-
ment wfs inu. yv the succeeding Adiii istrat.on
the power, in case there vero live millions outstand-
ing on the 4th of March, to issue five millions
thereafter.
Afier some conversation between Messrs PECK
and L. WILLIAMS, the amendment was then
read, as follow:
Provided, That in case the Treasury note1! out-
standing and unredeemed, issued under former
laws oí C ngrco-, .uided to th" amount oí srch
notes ^ ued und r ti.f act ai.d acta illy expen led,
or is .ed to m fL| .r, men sv'u.p ?nd payable before
the 4'i day ot M«rch next, hill, on the 4th day
of Much rent, exceed th" *ara of uve nnl'ions of
dollar->, then the President of the United States
shall be, and he is hereby authorized to issue, by
virtue o! the provisions of this act, such fur her
amount of the "-aid rotes a¿ will make the whole
amount ís-ued under this act and applicable to
payments falling due afier the 4d day of March
next, ihe lull sum of five millions of dollars.
ThJ question then recurring oa the motion to re-
consider,
Mr DAWSON raw d a qu'stien of ordir. It
was ihii whtther the resolution adopted on yester-
day had not become the rule t f thr House1 It that
was the case, then the Ho ase could not change the
order.
Mr PECK inquired whether a majority couü re-
consider or postpone it.
Tic SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. WATTERSTON moved the pa-nous ques-
tion, which was seconded
The question then recurred on the main question,
whereupon,
Mr. WISE called for the yeas and nay=; wh'ch
weie ordered, and v ere—yea* 9G, n?ys 53, as fol-
low«-
YEAS—Me sis Adams, Allord, John W. Al-
len, Atherton, Banks, Bond, Boyd, Sampson H.
Butrer, Calho-'i, John C>mpbell, Carrol!, Casey,
Chtttsndtn, CWioi !, Wi ham R. Cooper, Cr?jg,
Crocke t, Cross, Curtis, John Davis, Dawson, De-
berry, Dennis, Dom, Doi , E-<s'man, Fine,
Fisher, Foinance, Galbraith, Gates, Gentry, Gerry,
Goggin, Grang<r, Gieen, Gnffin, Habersham, John
Hast'ngs, Haves, Holmes, Jackson, Jameson,
Charles Johnston, Cave Johnson, John W Jones,
K im, Kemlle, Kil'e, Lane, Leet, Leonird, Lewi=,
Lowell, Luc-is McUarty, McCledan, Francis Mal-
lory, Matchand, Mason, Med'1', Milter, Monroe,
Morgan, Saiiuel W. Morris, Petnkm, P,ckens,
Prentiss, Randen, Reynolds, Kidgway, Rives, Ed-
ward Rogers, James Rogers, Samuels, Sergeant,
Shepaid, Albeit Smith, Thomas  Smith, Steenrod,
Stuart, Sumter, Swearmgen, Taliaferro, Philip F.
Thomas, John B. Thompson, Triplet!, Peter J.
Wagner, Warren, Watlerso", Weller, Edward
D. White, Jared W. Williams, Thomas W. Wil-
liam , Lewi? Williams, and Wise—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Baker,Beatty, Board-
man, Brewster, A. V. Brown, Carr, Chinn, Clark,
Connor, James Cooper, Crabb, Cranston, Cush-
mg, Edward Davies, Dickerson, Doe, Dromgoole,
Earl, Everett, Giddings, Hall, Hawkins, Henry,
Hill oí N. C James, Joseph Johnson, Kempshall,
Lincoln, Meredith Mallory, Montanya, Moore,
Morrow, Nisbet, Osborne, Parmenter, Paynter,
Peck, Proffit, Russel1, Saltonstall, Simonton, Tru-
man Smith, Staikweather, Sweney, Toland, Tur-
ney, Vroom, John White, Henry Williams, Jo-
seph L. Williams, and Christopher H. Williams
—53.
So the rules were suspended.
The resolution of Mr. FILLMORE being now
before the House,
Mr. WISE moved to amend the same by strik-
ing out all after the word "Resolved," and inserting
in lieu thereof the following-
"That after three o'clock the debate on the bill
shall cease, and the committee shall proceed to vote
on the vauous amendment submitted, and te be
submitted, and then report the bill, with the amend,
ments agreed to by the committee, to the House."
After some remarks by Messrs. WISE and
BRIGGS,
Mr STEENROD, in reply to a quesl.on from
Mr Cushisg, said he did not race for the recon-
sideiation for the purpose ef reopening the debate,
bu' merely to enable his colleague [Mr. WislJ to
submit his ?mendment.
The question was then stated on agreeing to Mr.
Wise's amendment to Mr. Fillmore's resolution;
when
Mr. TURNEY called for the previous question.
Mr. EVERETT moved that the resolution do
lie upon the table.
At this stage of the proceedings, and before any
q icstion was taken,
Mr. FILLMORE 'nquired whether it would be
in order for him to withdraw his resolut on.
The SPEAKER replied in the affi'mative; and
Mi. FILLMORE then withdrew his resolution.
Mr. BLACK asked whether it would be in order
to move that both resolutions be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER replied that one of them had
been withdrawn.
Mr. MORGAN inquired whether it would now
be in order to move to go into a committee of the
whole.
The SPEAKER said that a motion to that effect
had already been made.
The question was about being taken on the mo-
tion to go into Committee of the Whole, when
Mr. STEENROD cal'ed for the yeas and nay;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 92, nays 81,
as follows:
YEAS—Messsrs. Adams, Alford, Andrews, Ba-
ker, Bcatty, Bell, Black, Boardman, Brewster,
Bngg% Bynum, Calhoun, John Campbell, Carr,
Casey, Chinn, Chittenden, Clark, Connor, James
Cooper, Crabb, Crockett, Curtis, Cushmg, Garrett
Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Dellet, Doe,
Dromgoole, Everett, Fillmore, Gates, Gentry, Gog-
gm, Giaham, Granger, Green, Gnifin, Grmnell,
Habersham, Ililand Hall, Hawes, Thomas Henry,
Hmes Holt, Francis James, D Jenifer, Charles
Johnston, Kemble, Kempshall, King, Lane, Lewis,
Lincoln, McOarly, Meredith Mallory, Francis
Maliory, Marvin, Mason, Monroe, Moore, Mor-
gan, Calvary Morris, Morrow, Nisbet, Osborne,
Peck, Proffit, Randall, Rariden, Reed, Jas. Rogers,
Russell, Seigeant, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith,
Stuart, Taliaferro, Waddy Tnompson, John B 
Thompson, Triplet', Trumbull, Peier J. Wagner,
Warren, Watterson, John While, Thomas W.
Williams, Joseoh L. Williams, and Christopher
H. Williams—92,
NAYS—Messrs. Judson Allen, John W. Allen,
Atherton, Banks, Blackwell, Bond, Boyd, Aaron
V. Brown, Sampson H Butler, Carroll, Chapman,
Clifford, William R. Cooper, Craig, Cranston,
Cross, Davee, Edward Davies, John Davis, Doan,
Doig, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fisher,
