CON&ItESSIONAI, &LOBE.
26th Cong..........2nd Sess.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1841.

BY BLAIR & RIVES.
---------WEEKLY
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Continued from -Yo 9.
to be applied to the payment of their debts, would,
in, my judgment, be a measure of that character.
Its object aad effect would only be to compel ihem
to discharge the obligation!) they incurred, and the
liabilities they were under according to the State
laws, by giving to their creditors for thispurpcse a
remedy which Congress, alone can effectually con-
fer. The contiacts between individuals are also
made under the sanction of the laws of the States
and regulated by them. Those having claisas un-
der these contracts may íesort to the State courts to
enforce them, as it is also competent for the credi-
tors of banks to do. The object of a bankrupt law
■would be to furnish the creditor an additional
remedy to compel debtors of one description, to do
what, undei the laws of the State, it is their duty
to do. The proposed provision in regard (o banks
would proceed, although in a modified form, upon
the same principle and to the same end,without de-
priving the corporation or its members of any rights
or immunities secured to them by the State laws
Entertaining these views, I brought the subject to
the notice of Congress during the suspension of
specie payments by the banks, in 1837. If they
are correct, it would seem difficult to conceive
on what ground the exemption of the banks
from the provisions of such a law could be sus-
tained by those who insist on its application to
other classes of our citizens. Equal and exact
justice, the only proper basis of legislation, re
quires that laws should extend to, and operate
upon ail who are fairly within the range of the
same policy. Corporations, though artificial bodies,
are composed of men, are managed by them, and,
like private dealing , have for iheii mam objeels
the personal advantage of the corporation  The
principle which demands their exclusion from the
operation of a bankrupt lav/ on the ground of inex-
pediency, claims for that portion of our citizens
whose property is thus invested, puvdeges and ex-
emptions denied to others. It proposes to secure to
them as creditors all the advantages of such a law,
without making them liable under it as debtors On
what principle, I ask, can so marked a preference
to one portion of the people over the other be justi-
fied'? Punctuality on the part of incorpora'ed
hanks to fulfil their engagements, is of more impor-
tance to the community than that of any individual
traders; and their failure in perfommg their duty is
attended with much more injurious consequences
If, then, there be no good reason for the distinction
on the ground of public interests, rno¿t assuredly
there can be none on that of claims to favor. The
privileges which tl<e laws already give to those in-
stitutions, and the limited liability of those who in-
vest property in them, furnish, on the contrary, the
strongest reassns against the exemption which is
claimed in their behalf.
"Whilst on every dollar so invested the stock-
holder has a right to loan two, and sometimes three
times the amount, and whilst he is shielded from
all personal responsibility m case of the failure of
the bank to comply with its engagements, no por-
tion of the property of any other c'ass of the com-
munity has such aruficial value given to it by law
nor is it protected, m like manner, from the hazards
of business; but on the contrary, every dollar they
possess is held subject to the claims of their credi-
tors. These desirable privileges were granted under
the expectation'! of advantages and facilities to the
public to be denvedlrom these institution , not one
of which can be realized if they fail to redeem their
bills in specie when demanded. Whatever maybe
thought of their usefulness under other circum-
stances, all must admit that, if thty cease to per-
form this important function, they are the sources
of great mischief. The reasons, therefore, foi giv-
ing to the bill holders and other creditors, whose
confidence has been in some measure obtained
under a sort of legislative guarantee, full and
prompt remedie? against them, in case of failure to
perferm their engagements, are stronger than in
eases of ordinary debtors. Should a bankrupt law
be passed which did not embrace corporations, hav-
ing the right as creditors to avail themselves of its
advantages, individuals who failed in personally
performing their contracts with them might, by
their interierence, be ane ted in their business, and
have their property at once transferred to assignees.
More than this, they might be involved in acts of
bankruptcy by the failure of the banks tbermelvts
to fu'fil their promises to them, or to others, on
whose punctuality their own depended. Th  injus-
tice of the distinction m this view of ihe subject be-
comes strikingly clear, and I am wholly at a loss
to know on what ground it could be upheld This
is not a mere speculation upon remote impossible
contingencies. Had there been a bankrupt law in
existence for the last three or four years, thousands
of our iellow citizens would have been cubjectel to
its provisions by reason of the delays any difficul-
ties they experienced m realizing the demands due
to them, re ulting indirectly from the suspension of
payments by the banks, whilst against the banks
themselves they, and their debtors who held their
notes or other obligations, voall have been compa-
ratively remediless.
"The States have certainly not been sparing in
bestowing upon these institutions special privileges,
and it has not been heard, as matter of complaint,
that they have been too vigorous in enforcing a
strict compliance with the conditions on which the
grants were made. It is not easy to co mprehend
the extent to which this principle mig-n be carried
in exempting traders as well as bankers from re-
sponsibility to this remedy tor a non-performance
of thfir engagements, and in enlarging the sphere
of legislative privilege  The State Legislatures
have been in the constant habit of incorporating
manufacturing, and, m fome forms, commercial
companies also, each of whom become traders of
the first class. If these companies, in addition
to the particular advantages and personal ím-
munmes secured to tt-em, are also to have
their effects exempted from liability under
bankrupt law?, ihe efficacy and value oí
the constitutional provision on the subject of
bankruptcy may be effectually superseded, whi'st
those who are not possessed of sufficient influence
to become the participants of legislative favor,
would remain subject to the utmost rigor of the
laws that may be passed under i' While I would
carefully abstain from interfering with the rights of
these corporations, del ived from State authority, I
would not add to their privileges by exempting
them altogether from the operation of a general
bankrupt law, when such exemption would, in
many cases, operate injuriously upon individuals
subject to Us provisions The corporations them-
selves act, in my judgment, most unwisely, when
thsy insist upon an exemption which could not fail
to mark yet more distinctly the line of separation
between their affairs and those of the community
at large, and to give bull greater prominence to the
superior advantages they enjoy over the rest of
their fellow citizens "
Mr. Benton said he adopted these remarks as
a part of his argument on this subject, and on this
occasion he should say but little in addition. As
for the apprehension that the rights of the States
would be affected by the adoption of such an
amendment, he said it would be to the advantage
of the States not to setup a cla'm to rights where
they have none. Thev have no right to destroy
the currency of the Constitution. They have no
tight to make any thing but gold and silver a legal
tendel in the payment of debts. Taey can neither
do this themselves, nor can they allow olhers to do
so. Nor do they do this. No State gives any such
power to these incorporations, but in many of the
Slates it is provided in the charters granted by
them that a refusal to meet their engagements on
the part of the banks, works a forfeiture of their
charters. And by aprovision bring ing banks under
the operation of this law, we are co-operatmg with
the States in their effort* to preserve a sound cur-
rency.   As banks we have nothing to do wi
them, as bankrupts -we seize them.    He alluded
the great number of incorporations in some of tl
State?.   In Massachusetts there were upwards
a thousand, embracing every species of busini
of which the mind of man was capable.   The
companies   comprised some ten,   some   twent
some one hundred persons. Here is an immense pr
portion of our population which will be exeta|
from the operations of this law, and what will I
ths result of this condition of things?   Why mi
will go into our Legislatures, and get acts of laec
poration for every species of business, even £
growing corn, in order to shield themselves fro
the operation of law.   And is the Senate prepar
to establish privileged classes in ihis country, to
exempt from the operation of laws, and that ch
whose means would enable tbem to spend mu.
of their time in attendance upon the Legislatui
in furthering their interest*?   Are we to establi
a privileged order in this country, as in Gr<
Britain,   where  a   peer  of   the   realm   is   i
liable to arrest?    What have we seen of th<
banking  incorporations   within    the   last   fc
yean?     We  have  seen   two   suspensions, c
comprising  all   the   banks   of  the   Union, a
another embracing more than one-half the ban
of the   Union.     We   have   seen   them   holdi
their Congresses, aad debating whether they wot
pay their debts or not, and  whenever there wa,
proposition to pay there was a great deal of holdi
back, but there was no difficulty at all in getti
ihem to agree to a continuance of the suspensn
Even at this moment we know that nearly all
banks in the Western country have held a convi
tion, and have separated without fixing upon;
time for a resumption of payment.   The bankn
law would be the beist means of correcting this e
If when an insolvent institution failed to fulfil her
gagements, affairs were taken out of the ha
of her directors, and placed in commission for
benefit of her creditors, her neighbors would t;
care how they would follow her example.   Susp
sions in this country wou'd become a familiar o
ration.   We have had two, and we will have
third whenever it suits the interests or the poltti
designs ef those concerned in these institaiic
He instanced the case of the Bank of the Un
S ates, two-thirds of whose stock was owned
foreigners    This institution was above the re
of law, and violated her obligations with ímpui
while she hal her remedy against those mdebte
her.    This   foreign   institution  can   crush
finances   either  m   peace   or   war,   as  it  i
suit   the   designs   of  hsr   owners.     The   ba
of this  country have   been   strong  enough
unwise enough here'ofore to  defeat every e
to infuse strength into the system, aad what
been the consequence?   They were losing the i
fidence of the country    There was rcarcely on
them whose stock was not below par, and som
them at 50 per cent, depreciation.   They were
ting down in th ir tracks, and would do so i
there was some measure adopted which would
able the public to distinguish between the sol
aud insolvent institutions.   Mr. Benton conclt
by observing that he considered the adoption of
motion to include incorporations, as a mea
alike essential to the welfar/of the public, and
existence of the solvent banks themselves.
A motion was now made for adjournment; wh
after some opposition./Was earned,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE  Of REPRESENTATIVES,
ThobsjUT, February 4, 1841.
On motion of Mr   JONES of   Virginia,
House Resolve/ itielf  into a Committee of
Whole ontbe/tate of the Union,  (Mr. Cask
the cnair,)Naw5 resumed the consideration of tl
.EASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. SHEPARD, being entitled to  the flooi
pressed his great reluctance to take part in th<
cussion, but as doctrines had been advanct
