146
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dangerous tendency, he felt constrained to express
his opinions on the various topics which had been
discussed.
Mr. S. then entered mto a review of the far flf
question, showing the advantages which the manu-
facturing mteiests of the North derived irom the
eutting l*w ia relation to lmporuiions, while the
planting States paid a heavy tax on the articl s
which they received in exchange for their s'aple
Commodities. He endeavored to demonstrate thit
the manufacturing interest was the favon'e child
of the Government, and had the superior advan-
tage of the home as well as of the foreign market
He also contended that the restrictive prmcple wis
the taalana of commerce, and, when taken off,
every thmg flourished
After some remarks m relation to the tobacco
interest of this country, Mr. S proceeded lo not ce
the proposed scheme f jr a distribution oi the p o-
cse-ds ot the public lands.
It had bi en avowed by persons in anlfcri'y that
the deficiency in ihe revenue ans.ng fr< m the dis-
tribution, was to be rupphed by a l?x on nines.
and silks,. This was lo prepare ihe w,iy A r i di -
tnbution. But the public land-; v>ere the common
Property cf the whole people, &nd if tne pub io
lands cruld be divided, then any other ptopery
belonging to ihe General Government mis,ht al o
be divided. The General Govern  ent ua ap-
pointed for national purp ses, anl v nen Congios
had power to dispose of ihe public land1-, it nao
for national and not tor local purposes
Mr S. then procfeded to show tne incoáis ercy
of ihe supporters of ite distribution so!k¡ e He
referred 10 Pennsylvania as anms'antc oii*s,f-
fects. That Slate would receive, as her*hae<i
the pubic lands, about three hundred th msand
dollars. But, on the other hand, Pennsylvania
would be taxed lo the amount oí lurte hun 'red
thousand dollars. What would be gained then"!
Is would be giving with one hand, and taking
back with the other. But, said Mr. 8. here comes,
the grand argument that the rich will be m d,
and not ihe poor. Well, let tint be admitted, but
why not I<t Pennsylvania tax the rich herself! She
could do it much more effectually tran vo, and at
much less expense. No advantage could bi
gained then by this giving away and lakinjr t pel'
system. Besides, it would convert ib/- Geau.tl
Government inlo a tax gatherer for the S ate , ?nd
would tend to the ultimate dtstruainaot its pow-
ers. This would r.ot be all, for whom the syt,tem
of giving away should be once commenced, there
would be no knowing when it would end The
great contest ot parties in Congrcs, would then
be, which should give away most to the people.
It would not stop here, for the next step won lit be
to give away the money out of t'ie S ale Treasu-
ries.
But wss this the Itme for giving away? Let any
man look at the advancing ste(- s over tt e w< rid of
our rival, Great Bnlam, and then let him answ- r
the question. Look at that power, not san Oe i
with Asia, but getting possession of, or control! n/,
one of ihe richest empires of ihe world. And how
was she doing this? Why, by her immense navy.
Yet, in the lace ot all this, a proposition v. as i lade
to give away our public ¡and , to di-sipatc our
strength ¡or the mere purpose ot carrying out ihe
patty objects of party. Allhoaah he did not appre-
nend an immediaic war, jet the day w^rn
we m'ght be precipitated into hostil.'íes i"iih tl at
great power no man could tell. Economist as he
was, theieiore, he would earnestly urge die com i
tlon of our nivy on the attention of Connie* For
he was convinced that if our navy retnaine I r i, it
«as, we cc uld not long remain as a great nation
The remarks of Mr. S. will be given ia (x'tnso
hereafter
Mr. JAMES GARLAND then gay. h s virnvs
on the various topics which had been introducid in-
to the debate. As for the bill itself, he thought he
ishould, although remetamly, vole mit.favir
After speaking at some length in relation to the
tariff qne.tmn, Mr G. expressed hisdi apprc bat on
of these petty struggle  of party, ti hen ihs t gis c f
the limes showed that there was an ab«oI< te neces-
sity for a concentration of all our strength. Fie
here alluded to the daring ambition cf Great Bri-
tain, and the precautions necessary to be observed
by us to prevent aggression from so formidable a
rival He saw the danger in the d'swnce, and, for
one, raised his vo>ce in favor of nrcpara ion
Mr ADAMS then obtained Ihe floor, and ex-
pressed his intention to vote for the bill It was
not for him, at that time, lo discuss ihe m 3rs by
which the Treasury had bern b-ought into its pr>-
sent condition; but, as the defie eucy did exi«% he
was willing to supply it, not from any party consi-
derations, but because he held it right that ihe Go-
vernment should have treans- to pay its deb s
Mr. A. then proceeded to argue inat the means
of repaying lhre Treasury notes, with interest
thereon, ought to have been provided for by the
bill. This, however, had always been omi ted,
and when Treasury notes were aske 1 {< r the
meais of repaying them, had alva>s ' em rrg'^e*-
ed. It bad been put off from lime t > tint", and it
wa«¡ against lhat oinisii-in he no.v rais d in io cc
He woul I never, so iar as lie \v.~- ¡.«pe n d, is tie
notes m any form, whe her s'^pla t •, r> n<is, i
O'.iprwise, w,thoui providing u.ean oi p >u %
tnem He wruld never is pa a s i,,-> ao Vr
without providing ^t^ns fir j?,irg t n Oola>
Asnga'ded ihe mode of relieving Ihe 'jieasiuy at
the piesmit time, he would n t siy but thu, m
rase they had the majority in boih Houses, he
would not have preferred a regular lo m.
Mr A. ihcn proceeded lo eondem tV ccorse pur-
sued by some memleis in di'eussmg ih m a'-ur s
oí the omm  Admintstra'ion befon hand when it
con! 1 not pi ssib'j b- kno« n uhn ecur e (feiicial
Ilirrison v ould think proper i > ¡ itmh Gentlemen
h rl boon discus ing iho n'jirt 11 .in extra
se sir n, a National Bark lln pubi ^ j i d ,,inu o uu
measiip-s, when ihey did n it ki o ■/ i e . n < i i f
ihePitvuhnt eUct. Wlu', he woit d ast, « ,s h
use oi debating on the propriel} oi cill.ii^ , ir¡.
1ra session, when the/ could not tell whether G'.i.
Hiiinsoii would think pup r to cdt one or
no' The Presiden w~s au honze l 'o c nvaie
Congre s, when he should deem, it txp Jie< t
It all depended upon hi o upinim, tin re f i what
manner of good could result froui a discus ion at
tin-, time, on'"cii a ncasurc, ului thy h.id no
means of knowing \tb>t the view- oí the Prisiitent
would b-? Cut the Hon e hti' boon dom  what
w, s d >nr in pnvilo lifi they had berii ^e tlinj' '.he
affiUts o( the nation, they hid been lalkin  e'biut
the next Admmistrpuin, ihe now eabinn,pi i¡i < n,
in fact, ihf y had all bei n cabtnt' n Aas Thit
being the ca e, h^wever, he was rai'm surpris d
thit cabinet makers should have «hmvn .o li tie
meicy to the matnilacturers of the Worth.
Mi. A then p.ocecded to notirr a n wpap r ru-
mor to the elTect that Mr Wise wa- to be the- had
< i of the Whig partv in the lieu e u d. r t c new
Admmiatiatiori.
This drew c n M- WISH ,n rp.oi c\p i a-
t'oi s,and ihe dobatp irerged ni o ) -<t nn p'ot-
sant iharactu, ,nv Itmg ihe Men if tne aim
dm lling lavv, e c
Mr. WISK itph d al some Unnih u 'he nw.l •,
of Mt Adams, so lar as they concerned hva j er-
sonally
Mr W. COST JOHNSON then ob'am°d th-
door, and p 'tiding his remarks ihe ctinmiiee
ro i\
Oi n itun of Mr LINCOLN,
The lleude adjourned
Note—Iit'u' f^aiksof Mr O Lr o i the to
btcio qu">iion, h  si , re j-'ed as urg n„' the nc-
ctSMty o' the ptoiec ion of ih<i infie '. JT0 anvo-
caied III5 prop i> lyoí coi muitu oui iv ti fions
and endeavored to ''emon'tta e tie nh^nr 'it,' an t
e/tl consequentes of attempting io p c net th-1 in
lerest by countervailing datie-.
IN SENATE,
Fridiy, February 5 134"=.
The VICE PRESIDENT sub.utiei a report
from ttie S;cre'ary of War, toV. mug V\r> ac-
counts of disbursem n s among me li Jiam> for lie
year ending 30ih September, 1340, wbion wa= laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed
Also, a report from the Sec-etary ci Wsr, trans-
muting additional reports m reference to tne  con-
I struetion of the Potomac aqueduct ; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
I Mr NORVELL presented memor a's from citi-
zens of Wayno, O taw, and Oakland counties, of
ihe Siate of Miehigau, pr?ymg the passage of a
general bankrupt 'as?, which weie laid on ihe
teble
j      Mr N also presented the memorial of the Le-
I gisdpture of Wiskons-n, itlilive io harbors; whuh
was referred lo the Commi tee on Commerce.
Mr. YOUNG piesented a petition of citizens of
Illinois and Iowa, praying the esiabliihment of a
mail roate; which wa<> referred to the Committee
on th  Pon Office and P st Roads.
Mr. WRIGHT mrsen e t n tetter from th  Board
of Commissioners ot Pilots of th' city of New
Vork, transmit'" !! a copy of the laws of K-w
Yoik on the subj"ct cf pilots wh'chwas laid on
he able, and on eied to be p irted.
Mr HTJBBASD pi. rct-d th- memor al of the
Legf-'vute of W"- on*nn, in lavor of a ra'ioad
from Like Mich g-nto in  Mississippi river.
Ai o, i memorial of ih  same body, relative to
a s >rvey of the public hn s nert i of the Wiskorr-
an rive,.
Also, a memor.*l r'tnt'>° same bo ly, relative
to tlip impro/ement of c tiia rivers m Wiskonsan
Territory.
Tee memorials were s^veiaiiy ordered to be
printed, and appropniv y referred.
Mr. IJNN presen ed a memorial of the Leg sla-
tur of Mi^ou.i, asking that a portion of swamp
lands, which have bnen returied as not worth the
expense of survey, m ly be iransfirred to the State;
wb'eh wa" ordered be p nted and referred to the
Co   mn ee or die Pno ic Ltnd«.
I       Alo,™ !a iiory, rf th" >-a>no  bodr relative to
j ts • al  of f-rtxna! i n in , which wa¿ referred
to  h- C mimn'tt in ' h "'n dio hivd
Mr L 'Ko pus nti-d ihe ¡ct un ot Bieh^rd
Pa 1 | s, .aid
'lle memo ia! cf th  hm r r Joseph Decmc, cc-
v< u'ly praying the cei l,r nation of tit es to tiacts
of Und, v,h<ch w&rere'e ud to ihe Cemmittee on
Private Ln • dims
Mr WHITE, in puisi'apce of previous notice,
asked a-id obtained Have to mfoduce a b 11 ts au-
thuiiz' Je>ím E Metí ah« and others to locif cer-
tain p'e omptim elim-'s .o lands m the S a.e of In-
diana, which v> is read it. re, and referred to the
Commiiiee on Pma'eLard Claims.
Mr HUBBMtD, f cm m2 Commitiee «n Claim?,
to wh ch was rf ¡erred Hi" r> emmial oi I>aac Gar-
rason, asked lo oe di^e^rg ilir ra i,s further oon-
sid ii<tnn. Mi H sod i was rot intended by
ihis motion ' i piejedice ihe cl-art Lceai er, but
meicly b caii'~e f-crn vr, an  msuffic^icy of evi-
, dencf at p-es nt to ?o unzs the tonmittee to bring
ii a b'll     The '. otion wis agreed to.
j       Mr. WALKER «ul r" * ^d >he fol'o-i irg resolu-
|    <ioi, v.bich vs i   con i iced a ,:1 ag-eed to.
1        Resabed, Tnat the CoT'ii,  e^on Naval Afifai's
1 b direc ed to u <-fx\i? ) i o the exoidi pcy of caus-
ing lo be built i steam 11 iga ■ un ler th  po'e d'ree-
loirf the A nene i v,s\A ronstruc'or, Foxier
RhoVs
Mr W. alo-ubir, dile following resolution,
whicn Wrfjpgrted !c
Ft "/ eil, T> nUh;: p-rs'cc t of the United States
be reqo"Sied lo e nriunici c i > the Senate, if not
deemed j^compiliblc wth ¡h • pullir merest, ¡he
coiresro id< T-e, if ani, !e v íe i tri S^te Dcpsit-
mei'and ibo ¡epietenia ives rt n"f forpign Go-
vernment relative io toa ne^ice-, taucn on bo^rd be
L'ím's'id, which hfs ce-anel sure ihat tri>ns-
outtfd v i th b , ni<   ?;eofibe2ls  Maicn, 1840
Mr WALL subr.im d the fjiiowmg residutiin,
which was agreed lo
liesolved, That the Secreta y of the Navy be di-
rec'ed lo fuinmhacopj tí the reports made on
Colt's improved repeabng fi e trms in October and
December, 1810, by a | oard of nivy Officers ap-
pointed K>r the r e a'ii nation.
Abo, Tr a' ihe S c.e ary of Ws.- be directed to
furni«hacfpy of tb-rpoit rrno'e  m  July, 1840,
i by a board of a> my orlic rs, on ihe repeating fire
erms manufactured by M.gaill Nutting.
I                                BsLLS PASSED.
j     The bul for the relief of Reynell Coates an
