148
Then we cannot hesitate to issue Treasury notes
Mr. R. then entered into a defence of Levi
Woodbury, from the charges that had been
made against him as to his course during
the suspension of 1837, insisting that because he
obeyed his oath to support the laws of the land, he
was condemned for domg what he*could not avoid.
Mr. R. also referred to the allusion of his friend
from New York, [Mr Barnard,] as to the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury being characterized
by fraud, and said that the country would justify
the report, as it showed wherein oar prosperity con-
sisted, viz: m the exportation of the country, and
the energies of the people.
Mr. R. remarked that a great deal bad been said
about public lands; and he thought it his. duty to
say that he would do his utmost to get through ihe
House the pre-emption bill, just passed by the Se-
nate.    If it was a subject ot which ihe people knew
ifotbing, he would have no objection to a detaíe
upon it, but as it had been up tor forty years, be
did not consider   discussion   necessary.     Demo-
crats, he knew,   would   vote for it like a book
For himself, he went for the log cabin men,  be-
cause they go ft r Ihe country both m war and m
peace.    Let it be understood (said Mr. R ) that it
is for the honest poor man we legislate, and if I
were to mdulge in legislation for the rich especial-
ly, I  would not dare go home to my constituent*.
Notwithstanding all (hat had been said upon the
subject, the object of Government 1  a revenue from
the public lands, and we needed it morp now than
at any other lime.   The pre-emption system, in his
opinion, was the most reasonable courts ever pur-
sued; the man who put his family on the land, and
cultiva'ed  it, ought to be preferred—because, by
so doing, he comes nearer an actual settler than by
atsy other mode.  As a widow, even, could settle on
the public land, let her do it as a pre-emption
lady.   She might get a husband, and becom; a
married lady by doing so.   There had also be-n a
talk that aliens ought not to purchase the land.
Now   in   our   country (said   Mr.    R)    we   go
on   a   more liberal system   than   people   do   in
any part of the world.   Aliens settle on the land,
and by our laws can transmit it to then children.
Alien1-, too, voted at  the elections in Iliino s.   Un-
der the Constitution of ihe United State-., and the
Constitution of Illinois, they had a right to vote.
In that State such had been the pracuce for twenty
jears paft    The Constitution of Illinois provided
that in all elections, male white inhabitants above
the age of twirnty-one years, who had resided six
months |in the State, were qualified electors    The
Constitution of the United Slates had these remar-
kable   words:   "The House  of   Representatives
shall be composed of members chosen every  se-
cond year by the people of the several S'ates, and
ihe electors m each State shall have the qualifica-
tions requisite for electors of the most numerous branch
ofikt State Ltgtslattire."
Mr, R. after some explanation as to the intention
of the framers of Ihe Constitution of the United
States m respect to this passage, concluded by say-
ing lhat there was no power in the General Govern-
ment which said that a State shall not regulate its
own Government.
Mr. STEENROD said that he na  desirous
of addressing the House on the various topics which
h*d been introduced into this discussion, but as his
colleague [Mr Mallory] had recently taken his
seat, and had evinced a disposition to address tí e
committee, he nould, with pleasure, yield the floor
to him. a? the limited time now remaining, befoie
the bill would bu taken out of committee, would
not ftbow them both to occupy the lloor.
Mr. MALLORY, af'er some brief rerrarks by
Way of apology for ob'iudmg himself upon the
committee at thatjate hour, obseived lhat hi;, main
object in nung was to no'ice the remarks of the
gendenien from North Carolina and Maryland
[Messrs Ratner and Jemfjer] in relaiion to the
course pursued by his honorable colleague from
Virginia, [Mr. Wise ]
The gentleman from Maryland, in his speech a
few days ago, had said that the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr, Wise] were none of
them in unison with the doctrines, of his Whig
friends.
CONGRgSSIONAL GLOBE.
Now, observed Mr M. I do not intend to be read
out of school by the gentleman from Maryland;
but I take this occasion to say tbat, v. ith one ex
cept'on, I fully approve, endo se, and intend widely
to circulate, the speech of my honorable colleague,
[Mr  Wise.]
Yes, said Mr, M. the gro md on which my hono-
rab'e colleague has placed himself is the ground on
which we Harrison men, in Virginia, intend to
rally. When I entered the Harrison party I did
not intend to compromise my principles, and I
will further say, that if those principles on which
I and my honorable colleague [Mr. Wisf] have
taken our stand, are not to be the principles of ihe
administration oí General Harrison, then I «ay
tbat we and the people of Virginia have been gross-
ly deceived.
The doctrines laid down in the speech of my ho-
norable colleague are doctrines which I will ¡«at-
tain, and by which I will stand or fall
But trie gentleman frim North Carolina [Mr.
Ratner] has oaid that the remarks oí my colleague
are "ommous," etc. Now I ask that gentleman to
siy what are the pnnc pies avowed by my col-
league in his speech which he has not alwa}S avow-
ed? I beg to assure the gentleman that the punci-
ples of my colleague are the prmcples of the
Whigs of Virginia, if ihey are not the principles of
the Wh gs in North Carolina.
But what, said Mr. M. has my colleague ad-
vanced that is contrary to the principles of the
coming Administration?
Is a Na'ional Bank to be one of the leading
measures of the com ng Administration' And did
not General Ha'rison say that be wouJd net rts->rt
to a National Bank if it were not ab olutelj n ci-
saiy^    My collp.gue said the same thing
Is it the tariff question to which the gentleman
allude ? Well, I understood General Harrison to
avow that he was in favor of standing by the com
promise; and my col eague s id the same thing
Also, in regard to internal improvement, he took
thesam  ground.
I will repe.it, tb refore, said Mr. M. th t if the
principles avowed by m/ colleague are r>o «o bp
the pnnc p'es of the approaching administration of
General Harrison, then we are ourelvesgieatly de-
ceived, and we have deceived others.
But the gentleman frcm North Caroimi said he
was pained and surprised at the course tf my col-
eague in his remarks on the measures of trie com-
ing Administration; also lhat he thought my col-
league might have waited at l ast until Geneial
Harrison should have prnved m this city. Now,
•aid Mr. M. why did not other gentlemen, who
spoke before him, adopt the same plan? I will un-
deilake to say that my colleague would have waned
until the arrival of General Harrison, if other
gent'emen had thought proper to do the sprue. But
such had not been the case. Other genilemen had
given their views without reserve, and he an J his
colleague «ere not going to permit public opinion
to be pre-judged,ew«i if the mdica'ions did come
fr im a high quarter.
Mr. M. then proceeded to notice the subject of
an extra session The brief time remaining for
him to speak would not allow him to ester into a
regular argument, but he would fire a few shots at
random. For his part, ho was opposed to a cilled
session. He was opposed to i' on the ' tat alone"
principle. It won't! be extremely lnjudieiuus ind
unwise m the present stale of public feeling to
think of such a measure The body politic was
sick, buihe did noi believe it labored under any seri-
ous organx dt ea   It was &ick, bowver, ard it
wanted rest in order to recover from its recent fp-
ver aid excitement. In its present feven-h siate it
would be extreme'y imprudent to add additional
excitement. Tl  proper way for it* recover, to a
proper and healthy tons, would be to avoid all
stimulation Let it be left alone for a while, and
it would restore i «elf He Lel.eved ihe e'eoien's
of prosperity weresiill to be found in 'be r-oun'ry,
and if allowed timp, would soon settle down into
order. But for his part he was unwilling to rcagi-
tate them so soon by a called session He was un-
willing to pass through anothei summer of politi-
cal turmoil. They wanted rest, and if they ex-
pected to do well, they must hare it.
How could the advocates of a called session ex-
pect that General Harrison, immediately on coming
into power, should, without proper time for ex-
amination and reflection, precip tate hinwlf into
great measures. No: the proper pbn woald be to
aliow General Harrison tirae to look around him,
and to examine into the true state of affairs before
he acted Above all, he (Mr M ) was against
placing General Harrison in a condition where he
would be compelled to comtni' himself to the scheme
of any man.
But he (Mr. M ) would call the attention of the
eommi tte to one striking inconsistency. The gen-
tleman from North Cirohna had been speaking
earne tly about economy, but the first step he had
advocated was a ca led region, which would take
three or four hundred thousand dollars from the
public Treasury '
He Mr. M did not be'ieve a called session was
necessary. He believed tbat when General Harri-
son came into power he w ould act on the plan of
reiorm and retrenchment And if genllcnen who
bad, for th° last two oi thre  years been talking
about reform aad retrenchment, would now act
upon th't system themselves, there would be no
necessity for incurring the expense of a called ses-
sion.
But much had been said about the deficiency in
the Treasury at this time. Several gentlemen had
given their ideas on the subject, but fiom the differ-
ent results to which they arrive, it was obvious
that none of them could tell what the real deficiency
was. For instance, one gen'leman had set it down
at seven millieps, while ano'her had come to the
conclu ion that it was foity milho'is. Now, here
wa> adiffreice between two gentleman only, of
tht-ty-three millions
It was, therefore, evi lent that the real deficiency
in ih- Treasury could no' be now ascertained Of
what earthly use coul 1 it be. then, to have a called
spssion for the purpose of inismg a loan, ^hen it
could not be known what amount they would re-
quire. How was it possible tl.at in the short period
(lapsing between the time General Harrison came
into power, ard the expee'ed session, that the real
condition of the mat er could be oxamined, so as to
ascertain what would be necessary'!
In the present s'ate of affairo, he was opposed to
a loan, foi he believe 1 that, should onp be autho-
rized, it would remain a permanent debt upon the
Government for >ears to come. He was in favor
of ihe present bill, a'though at ihe last Congress he
had voted agsmst the ís^ueof Treasury notes. At
the last Congress, when tr,e\ -uere asked, he was
against them, becausa he b lieved they were in-
tended for a circulation But now, when the pre-
sent Administration was going out of power, he
v ould vote for them as a temporary expedient, and
as a lempdary expedient alone.
He (Mr M ) wasopposad to a called «ession for
any purpose whatever, either for raising revenue,
oi any thing pise. Hi believed a called session
would mevitab'y precipitate them into the great
quest ons of a National Bank, the tariff, and other
maUds. Now he nai averse to this. He wished
the people of this eountiy to have proper lime for
reflection, befire they scted on so important a
question as a revision of the tariff.
I would advice you, said Mr. M. instead of loan-
ing tne banks money, by laj mg taxes on the peo-
ple, to study letrenchnvrit and reform. I would
saj to General Harris! n,' udy this book, (the Blue
Bool- ) Í would iduse him to stud/ the speeches
ot ihe gentlem n from Oh o, (Bond'-,) Pennsyl-
■tania,(0^1p's)üna Vermont,which inculcate reform.
But g ntli_men had no v noteing to say about
reirenchm nt and reform The cry was now "mo-
ney "' "money '" "money "' Yes gentlemen must
have "money," and to get money, thsy muat raise
the taxe
So, <rom presan  indications, notwithstanding all
the past cry ot retrenchment and refotm,it was
evident that nottimg was t > be saved by the change.
All they had gained, it appeared by the turn of the
political wheel, was to put out one set of charla-
tans, and put m another set.
Mr. M then proceeded to say that if the success
of North Carolina was to be used as an argument
for consolidation, much as he mourned over bis
