150
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On the question being taken, the amendment was
negatived—seas 78, noes 82.
Mr GRESN (as Mr. Stanly was absent) moved
that the amendment of that gentleman be now
taken up, which motion prevailed. It was then read
as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives of the United Stales of America in, Congress
assembled, That from and after the                    day
of               on the importation of articles hereafter
mentioned, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid the following duties, that is to say.
On all manufactures of silk, or of which silk
shall be a component part, coming from beyond
the Cape of Good Hope, twenty per ceit. ad valo-
rem.
On all manufactures of silk, or of which silk
shall be a component part, coming from this side
of the Cape of Good Hope, ten per cent, ad va-
lorem.
On all wmes, except the wines of France, twenty
per cent, ad valorem
On all wmes of France, as soon as the treaty
wiih Prance will allow, a duty of twenty per cent.
oí? valorem.
On all bleached and unbleached linens, table
linen, linen napkin , and hren cambrics, twenty
per cent, ad valorem.
The foregoing tbtics being in accordance with
the terms ¿nd the spirit of the act of March 2J,
1933
Jlnd be if /urtftei enacted, Tnat all laws mconsis
tent with this act are hereby repealed.
Mr. WISE submitted whether the amendment
was in order.
The CHAIR decided thtt it was.
Mr. BEAiTY appealed from the decision of the
Chair, bnt belore the question was taken, "S.iall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the Homel 
Mr. GREEN withdrew the amendment.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia offred the following
as an anmdmsi't, which was rejected without a
count:
Provided, Thft it s'iiall not be lawful for any
officer ol the Government to tender or propose to
pay any Treasury note or ro'e-. thus authorized to
be issued, to -my per*on bavin? demand* against
the Government, or to pay ihe same, unless asked
for or desirtd by \hz creditor.
Mr. JONES of Virginia moved that the commit-
tee now rise, rPd repot t the til a  amended to the
House; which motion prevailed, and
The committee rose, and reported to the House
the bi 1 as amuiled,   which,  on mo ion of Mr.
CRABB, was read as follows
A BILL to author ? ■ the i.suing of Treasury notes.
Be it enactrd by the Sena'e aid House of Repre-
sentatives of the Um'ed States of Jlmenct m Con^re's
assembled, That the President of the United States
is hereby authorized to cause Treasury notes to be
issued lot such sum or sums as ihe exigeuci s of
the Governmentmay require; butnot exceeding the
sum oí five milluns of dollars of this emusion, ou'-
standmg at any one tim«, to be reimbursed in the
last quarters ot the year, if the conditio i of the
Treasury will permit it, a.id to be issued under the
limita ions and other ptov.sion' con'ained m the
act entitled "An act to authorize the i juina; of
Trea ury roti s "approved 'lie h'elf'h day of Octo-
ber, one thou„an ! eight bundle i and tfuity -sven,
and as nodiiied ty an act mulled "An act addi-
tional to the act on the subject of Treasury notes,"
approved the thirty fiist < ,iy of Match, one thou-
sand eight hundred and for'y, e?ceot thai this law
shall exp're m one year from and after it  passage
Proviued, That in case the Tieasuiy notes out-
s'andmg and unredeemed, is ued under former
laws of Congress, added to the amount of such
notes issued under thu act ard ?clua ly exp nded,
or issued to meet payments due and pa> able before
the 4'h day cf March net', shall, on the 4 h day
of March neit, exceed the sum of five millions of
dolía'", lien Ihe PresuWt of tb  Tinned States
shall be, and be is hereby authorized to ssue, by
viftue of the provisions of this act, such further
amount of tne Mid notes as will make the whole
amount issued under this act and applicable to
payments falling due after the 4h day of March
next, the foil sum of five millions of dolíais.
Mr. JAMESON moved the previous question;
which was seconded.
And the question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment,
Mr. PROFFIT called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were—Yeas 111, nays 79
YEAS—Messrs. Alford, John W. Allen, Ather-
ton, Basks, Baker, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Black-
well, Bond, Boyd, Breckenndge, Brewster, Bnggs,
Barke, Sampson H Butler, Wm 0 Butler,
John Campbell, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clif-
ford, Coles, Wm R Coop r, Davee, John Davis,
Doan, Doig, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine,
Fisher, Fornance, GalDrauh, Garland, Gentry,
Gerry, Griffin, Hand, John Hastings, Hawes,
Hawkins, Hillen, Holmes, Hubbard, Jack-on,
Jameson, Chas. Johnston, Joseph Johnson, Cave
Johnson, John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kille,
Leadbetter, Leet Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas,
McClellan, MtClnre, McCulloch, Meredith Mal-
lory, Francis Mallory, Marcband, Miller, Mon-
tanya, Montgomery, S. W Morris, Mcrrow,
Naylor, Newhard, Parmenter, Picke.is, Prentiss,
Rejnolds, Rhett,"Ridgway, Rues, Edwaid Rogers,
James Rogers, Samuels, Sergeant, Shaw, Shepitd,
Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Slark-
wea'her, Steenrod, Strong, Stuart, Sumter, Swear -
insen, Sweney, Taliaferro, Taylor, Pnilip F. Tho-
ma , Jacob Thompson, Tnple't, Underwood, Peter
J Wagner, Wattirsor, Weller, Jarrd W. Wil-
liams, Henry William , and Wise —119
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Andrews, Barn- rd,
Bowdman, Buckway, Aaron V. Brown, C-irr,
Chinn, Chittenden, Cl?rk, Connor, Jamis Cooper,
Mark A. Cooper, Crabb, Cranston, Cíockett, Cut-
tis, Girr tt Davis, Dawson, Deb-ry, Dennis, Doe,
Dromgoole, Edwards, Eva«<=, Everett, Fillmore,
Gates, Gtddmgs,Goggin,Q<ode, Giahim, Granger,
Graves, Green, Habersham, Hall, Henry, Hill of
Noah Carolina, Holt, Hunt, James, Jem er,
Kempshall, King, Line, Linco'n, McCarty, Mar-
vir, Mason, Medill, Monroe, Moore, Morirán,
Calvary Moms, Nisbet, Osborne, Payntei, Peck,
Pope, PrrfTif, Randall, Randen, Rayner, Reed,
Salt install, Sim">nton, Trumin S Tilth, Waddy
Thompson, John B Thompson, ToUnd, Trumbull,
Turney, Warren, Edward D White, John Whi'p,
Thomas W Wiluams Lewis Will-íms, %nd Chris-
topher H Williams—7')
So ih- amendment was concurred in.
The quest on then recutred on engrossing the bill
for a third reading.
The yras .'lid nays beng called for, were orden d,
and resulted—Yeas 126 nays W
YEAS-Messrs. Adams, Alford, John W Al-
len, Athcrton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Blark, Biack-
wcll.Boyd, Brewster, Aar, n V. Biown, Albert G.
R'own, Burke, Sampson H Butler, Wi'ham 0.
Butler, John Campbell, Carr, Canoil, Cas y,
Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Connor, Mark A.
Cooper, William R Coopei, Crary, Thn.«as
Davee, John Davis, Dopn, Don;, Duucan, Earl,
EiU'Pan, Ely, Evans Fme, Fi-hoi, F rn&nte,
Galbianh, Ga.'and, Gantry, G rry, Griffin, Had,
Hand, John Xiastmes, Hawkins, Hid ol Noi'h
Carol'na, iiil'en, Holmes, Hnbb rd, Hunt, Jack-
son, i unes n, Jemlcr, Chatles Ji hns on Joseph
Johnson, Cave Johns >n, r John W Jones, Kum,
Kemble, Kille, Lea (belt i, Le-H, Leonard, Lew-
is, Lincoln, Lo\.ell, Lu-^s, McCitilan, McClure,
McCntlocn, ¡Viereoim Mal'oi}, Francis yailory,
March.'nd, Mcdi'l, Miller, MouUiya Men g mery,
Samoel W. Moms, Morrow, Neibard, Parmen-
ter, Paynter, PicKu.s, Pientiss, Randad, Retd,
Reynolds, Rhett, Ridgway, Rives, Edward Ro-
gers, James Ro.ieis, Samue's, Sergeant, Shaw,
S'ade, Albert Smith, John Sm h, Thomas Srr b,
Starkweather, S'eenrod, Strung, Scrat«r, Swear-
mgen, Sweney, Tahaterro, Taylor, Philip F.
Toomas, Jacob Thompson, Triplet!, Tnrrev,
Vroom, Pe er J Wagner. Watterson, We'ler,
Edwa-d D. White, Jared W. Williams, Thoma 
, W. WilLams, Henry WiK anís, Lew s Williams,
Josenh L. Williams, and Wise—125.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Baker, Barnard, Bel),
Boatdman, Bond, Bieckenrtdg?, Bnggs, Brock-
way, Calhoun,   William  B.   Campbell, Chum,
Clark, James Cooper, Crabb, Crar.s'on, Crockett,
Curtis, Garrett Da"is, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis,
Doe, Dromgoole, Edwards, Everett, Fillmore,
Gates, Giddmgs, Go£grn, Goode, Graham, Gran-
ger, Graves, Green, Hawes, Henry, Holt, James,
William Cost Johnson, Kempshall, King, Lane,
McCarty, Marvin, Mason, Monroe, Morgan,
Calvary Morris, Naylor, Nisbet, Osborne, Peck,
Pope, Proffir, Randen, Rayner, Saltonstall, Si-
montón, Truman Smith, Stuart, Waddy Thomp-
son, John B.Thompson, 'Poland, Trumbull, Un-
derwood, Warren, John White, and Christo-
pher H. Williams—69
So the bill W&" ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
The previous question was. then moved and se-
conded, and the  bill read a third time, and passed
On motion of Mr. LEET, at 8 o'clock, p.m.
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, F.bruury 6, 1841.
Mr. RAYNER, on leave, presented the resolu-
tions of the General Assembly of ihe State of North
Carolina, on the subject of the pub'ic domain and
the reopening of Roanoke Inlet, whicr  were laid
upon the tab'e, and ordered to be printed.
Mr RUSSELL asked leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution.
Resolved, That the execution of the order of this
Hou e, made on the 8'h day of January last, order-
ing bi'ls N s 484, 4P5, and 486, to be made the
«pical order foi the 25.h day of January (then) in-
stant, and tv en take rreeed nee of all other busi-
ness untd they aie dispos-d or, be postponed until
Tuesd y next, and that, aflei the morning hour, tie
House wiU this d„y proceed lo the cons deration of
pnva'e bills, to the passage of which no objection
shall be made.
[The bills alluded to in the above are a3 follows:
A bill to provide for purchasing the patent for
Raub's safety valve.
A bill to authorize the President of the Un.ted
States to employ psrsons to construct apparatus
with a view to extinguish fires on board steamboats,
and to test its utility; and
A bill to amend an act entit'ed "An ?ct to pro-
vide for 'he better cecuri'y of the bves of passen-
gers on board of vessels propelled in whole or
part by steam, and for other puipeses," approved
July 7, 1838.J
Mr W. C. JOHNSON effe-ed tie following as
a modification, but it was not accepted
Sesched, Tistt next Thatsday, after the hour of
three, and until Friday until three o'clock, be set
apart for the bills ard business of the District of
Columbia.
Obj etion beii-gmade to the reception of the re-
solution,
Mr RUSSELL moved a suspension of the
rules
And or that ques'ion the yeis and nays were or-
d* ed, and were—\eas 110, nats 54, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs' Adams, J. W. Allen, Andrews,
Banks, Baker, Black, Boardmau, Bend, Bojd,
Brpcl enridge, Brewstci, Bnggs, Aaron V. Brown,
William O. Butler, CíWout, John Campbell,
Ca>r, Can ,11, Cuter, Chinn, Chittenden, Clark,
James Cooper, Mark A. Coojier, Crat , Cranston,
Cra'y, Cr<ck"tt, Ciosb, Davee, Edward Davies,
John Davis, Debtrry, Dickerson, Edward?, Ely,
Everett, Fillmore, Giibraith, Geiitry, G rry, Gid-
dwigb, Go'gm, Graham, Granger, Grinnell, Hall,
Wm S H-'stinp's, Henry, Hi'len, Hunt, Jackson,
Ji.nrs, Charles Johnston, Joseph Johnson, Kemble,
Kempshrl', Lu.e, Leet, Lewis, Lincoln, McCarty,
McCulloch, Meieduh MaUrry, Marvin, Mason,
Mitchel, Monroe, Montanya, Moore, Morgan,
Calvary Morris, Morrow, Osbon e, Parmenter,
Peck, Promt, Randall, Randen, Rayper, Reed,
Russell, Sergeant Simonton, Siade, Albeit Smith,
Truman Smith, Strong, Stuart, Swearings , Swe-
ney, Waany Tnomp_o„, J^cob Tnomp on, John B.
Thompson, TilUnshast, X'olind, Tnplett, Trum-
bull, Und rtiood, Vroo •>, P. J Wasmer, Warren,
Watterson, Wick, J^r d W. Williams, Thomas W.
Williams, Henry Wi) i=ms, Joseph L. Williams,
Christopher H. Williams, and Wmthrop—110.
NAYS—Messrs.    Alford,    Atherton,   Beatty,
