CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            153
Hpurtt  i .i   nnntf-/         ■ ■■          ,_■■■                         -                  i i'                                                                                                                                                ----------------—*—........mi-   - ■■ m -              -------         -■—.....- .......-- n        I"'      m   i   j        —
there was no occasion for despair, but that there
was stilt power in the law to regulate the banks,
yea, even a fifty million monster. He wished thi=
debate to go on; and therefore he was against
taking np another subject; he was for going on
from the point at which they stopped, and he hoped
the Senators who should go into the debate, would
present it in this point of view, that whenever the
country got tired of the existing «tale of things—
when they wanted law to govern—they had their
¡remedy in a bankrupt law—m a bankrupt law
wh.ch had the support of a Dallas twenty-five
years ago, of a Crawford and a Macon, and even
of our President. They would see that there was
no reason to despair if they made these banking
incorporations submit to law and government,
by the exercse of their constitutional authority.
With these views he objected to the taking up of
the bill to re charter the District Banks.
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped the bill would not be
talen up.
The question was then taken, when the motion
was negatived—ayes 18, noes 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biyard, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Dixon, Graham, Knight, Mangum, Mer-
rick, Phelp , Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Ruggles,
Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Webster, and
White—18
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clav of Alabama, Crittenden, Fulton, Hen-
derson, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Nicholas,
Norvell, Pierce, Porter, Roane, Robinson, Smith ef
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wall,
Williams, Wright, and Young—27.
THE BANKRUPT BILL.
Mr CRITTENDEN then moved that the special
cder be taken up, being the bill to establish a uni-
form systsm of bankrup cy throughout ths United
States.
Mr. HUBBARD believed, in offering his resolu-
tion at the last discussion of this bill, that he was
misunderstood, and he now exp'ained ihit all he
wished by asking for a division oí th  question on
his resolution, was that he, and other  also, might
have the opportunity to vote on e?ch sepárale pro-
position. I his, he apprentnded, would expedite
instead of delaying the action of ihe Sera e, as anti-
cipated by the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped no objection would
b« offered to that course, for he thought they could
be more rapidly disposed of separately than collec-
tively.
Mr. HUBBARD asked ftr the aye3 and noes on
the resolution, and as he did not wi«h to embarrass
Senators with the 6 h resolution, he would withdraw
it.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama hoped the question
would first be taken on the recommitment, as the
disposal of that question might also dispon  of the
instructions. He then intimated that he should
vote against the recommitment, but he was ready,
in the mean time, to hear any proposition that gen-
tlemen might have to make
Mr WRIGHT begged it might be understood,
that if the Senate refused to recommit, all the in
structions, as instructions, wojld fall wi h it, and
no vote could be token upon them He wished the
Senate to bear this in mind.
The question was then taken, and the motion to
recommit was negatived—ayes 16, noes 30, as fol-
lows
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Beaton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Pierce,
Roane, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Wall, and Wright—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Alabama, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, D.xon, Fulton,
Graham, Henderson, Knight, Mar-gum, Mfrnck,
Mouton, Nicholas, Nicholson, Ntrvell, Paelps-,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rive,, Ruggles, Sevi=r,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, Walker,
Webster, White, Williams and Young—30
Mr. HUB3ARD then moved an amendment to
the first section of the bill, the purport of whic1* w as
to include banking and trading mcoi por itmns with-
in its provisions, ¿nd he cPed for die ayes, and
noes thereor-
Mr. BOCHAN \N inquired whetrer the Senator
from New Hampshire did not intend to fix some
particular time for the commencement of the ope-
ration of that provision.
Mr. HUBBARD had intended to fix a time
when the bill should take effect, if his amendment
were adopted, otherwise such a motion would be
unnecessary.                               ,
Mr CLAY of Alabama had giv^n an intimation
a few days ago that he should vote against mclud
ing banking incorporations m the bift, he bad made
a motion to strike out a clause to that~effect, at the
last session, and on referring to the Constitutions
of the old States, he was confirmed in the determi-
nation to which he had comí. He then read ex-
tracts from the Constitution of Alabama to
show that banks were established by the sove-
reign authority of the State—,n some of which,
in fact, the State held capital—and therefore
he contended that he, as a Senator from
Alabama, could not consent to vote to extenl
such a provision of this bill to such State incor-
porations, as the S ate would necessarily b° affee'ed
by such an enactment. He was opposed in every
point of view to the íutermeddltng in State institu-
tions in the manner proposed, or to their assuming
powers which did not belong to them
The Senator from Missouri [Mr Benton] had
given them, the o her day, as part of his argument,
a long extract from a letter wrttten by the present
Chief Magistrate of this Union, to some committee,
during the last summer. In return,he (Mr.CLAt) pro-
posed to read, as rather more orthodox, the remarksof
Senator Van Buren, which he thought would be
found to contain the better a*-gum°nt. The extract
to which he referrd was as follows:
"Mr. Van Buren did not think that any great
difficulty existed in this question To him the ma'-
t-r was e'ear; but his impiersions had been opposed
by several Senators, and he wou'd protract the de-
bate but a moment, to give, very briefly, his views
of themitter. It certainly appeared to him, that
one moment's reflection would dectde gentlemen
against the amendment proposed by his fnen 1 from
South Caro ma. It had been 'aid formerly, and on
various occas ons, that the States had no light to
grant tonk charters, and that the banning privilege
belonged exclusively to the Federal Government.
No direct attempt, however, had hither'o been made
to deprive the States of that power which they had
long exerc sed unmolested But now the attempt
was to be made (if not in an open and unequivo
cal manner, at least m an indirect way,) to strip
the Sta'es of the power of chartering banks At
any rate, if it were contended that thi* provision
did not go so fpr, it could not be denied that it in-
terfered m the regulation which State Governments
might have adopted for the government of those in-
stitutions, wh'ch was an odio'is exercise of power
not granted by the Constitution. This amendment
has this extent • It directs the States as to the mar-
ner in which they shall exercise their sovereignty in
this particular, and points out what penalty shall
be mfl e'ed in c«e the charters granted by the
States are vio'a'ed la fact, it points out what the
privileges granted to the incorporations shall be, by
dictating the forfei ure, and directing whai the
companies may, and what tney may not do All
this has hitherto been done by the States. Tbey
have assumed the direction of these matters as a
right, which they doubtless have. And, in includ-
ing this «ubj ct of corporations in the bul now be-
fore the Senate, it will be taken entirely from the
States, and subjected to the power of the bankrupt
system T*.i> was never done, and never attempt
ed in any country on the face of the globe In
England, such a piovj,sion v as never dreamed of—
nor did be believe that, when the Constitution was
framed, su A an attribute was imagined by those
who authorized the establishemcnt of a bankrupt
sys'em. He did not accede to the opinion, that the
system had po ver over all chartered m-titutions
By the very nature of their association, the} were,
m some respects, exempted from its operation, and
no such power was ever contemplated, or was, at
this mom p.t, under the most ex'ended conatruct.on,
enjovedby th" G ncral Government "
Thns it won'd be seen Senator Van Buie" took
views which were now entertained by some Sena-
Itors then on that floor on the same subject, against
the proposition, on constitutional grounds.   It was
clear to him (Mr. Clav) that if Congress could as-
sume such power over the banking institutions of
the States, it could do that which would amount to
a forfeiture of their rights) if it could do that, it
could tax; their emissions, and thereby assume a
power which the party with which he adted had
ever disclaimed. In Alabama there was a com-
pact between these institutions and the State, aad
Alabama had particularly reserved to herself all
power to control this matter. A suspension of
specie payments, by such a clause, would subject
the banks to the operation of the bankrupt law,
and this was a mat'er which the States alone
should control, and for which the State Legisla-
tures «hould inflict the penalty which, under the
circumstances of the case, might be just and equi-
table The State banks had been sanctioned by
the Executive of this Government, where they
were made the depositories of its treasures, and
Congress could, on no principle, say they should
be put down, without the delegation of express
power. For such a proposition as that now made,
he was not prepared, nor did he believe the people,
whom he in part represented, were prepared for it,
and therefore he should vote agamst the amend-
ment.
Mr. HUBBARD agreed so to modify hts amend-
ment, as to make it take effect on the 1st of Janu-
ary,  1842.   He  then said it had bsen contended,
and properly contended, that Congreis possessed
the power to pass a bill to establish a uniform sys-
tem of bankruptcy, and that it might be passed for
the relief of the debtor, as well as for the benefit of
the creditor; now it struck him that no natural per-
sons should be included,more than the artificial.  It
was not every State that became stockholders m
the bank*, but did it make any difference whether
it was the State oi a member of the State that held
the stock1    So far as his knowledge extended,
where the Stata was the stockholder,  things were
managed as bad as they could be, and with less
care  and   security   to  the   public   than   where
the    msntutiins    were   composed    of    indivi-
duals   exclusively.     But where   was    the   dif-
ference;   Take Alabama;  her Constitution gave
h"r the power to establish banks, but did it say that
she should hold the sleek in all future time?   Did
it provide that it should never bs surrendered and
become the propeity of individuals in any future
time'*
Mr BENTON    If any body will buy it.
Mr. HUBBARD    Yes, if any body would bay
it.    He took it that it should be handed over at the
pleasure of the State,and when so transferred thatit
sbould become the property of individuals.    He
asked whether the events of the last few years had
not shovn it to bi high time th?t the banks should
be brought withm some such provis on?   There
was not a solvent and sound institution m the State
in which he lived but would deiire such a pro-
vsion, for   it   would   go  effectually  to   secure
the credit and to give efficiency and   value  to
institutions of this k nd    These incorporations had
peculiar   pnvileges   confened upon   th m—they
could make their bills current as money, and  then
they  covdd suspend wh< n  they   p'eased; and it
struck him   that the holders of their no es should
have a remedy, by   making the<e incorporations
subject to the operation of a bill of this sort.   Now
wnat  eennty hid ihe holders of the r notes?   If
sich apmvision as this hadb;en heretofore m ope-
ration, would the bill holders have sustained the
losses to -which they liad bren compelled to submit
by the failure of the banks to redeem their paper?
He was willing and desirous that this bill should
be made as comprehensive as possible; he wished
to relieve the unfortunate debtor, and also to se-
cure the rignts of the honest creditor, and there
were no more unfortunate debtors in the land than
thin those who were obliged ts take tt-e pap r of
the banks, and with these views, he had made tvs
proposition
Mr SEVIER was astonished that the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hanap-hire [Mr.
Hubbard] was not broader than n wa , and that it
was not thereby provided that tpe indebted S'ates
should be put np at audit n Why did not the Se-
nator carry out his principle, and sell the States
when they failed to p&y their dividend^   He (Mr.
