154
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sevier) was opposed to all such projects, and as
long as h« was there, offend whosever it may—Mr.
Van Buren or any one ehe—he would vo'e against
tbem. His friend from Alabama [Mr Clay] had
read a provision of the Constitution of that State
in justification of his vote, the Constitution of the
State of Arkansas contained a similar provision,
and if the banks suspended, it was for the State to
interfere with the agents acting under her authenty.
What right had they, sitting in that Senate chamber,
as the servants of the States, to criticise the house-
hold of their masters at home'! He was opposed
to all such projects, and so long as he remained
there umustracted, he should continue to vote
against them Besides, the country was now some-
what embarrassed, and if evet there was a time
for the exercise of forbearance and charity, this
wai the time fcr the exercise of those virtues.
Mr. HENDERSON was glad to hear the lan-
guage which had just fallen from the Senator from
Arkansas. This was a question of power and of
constitutional right, if it were a question of expe-
diency, he might vote for including banks within
the provision of the Senator from New Hampshire,
but he could see, no moie than could the Se-
nator from Atkan^as, the authority they pos-
sessed to include the bank , which were but an
emanation from or a scintillation if the S ate-, sent
forth ta be recalled at plcasme If they could in-
terfere w.th any por'ion of tne sovereignty of the
States, they could interfere w nh a'l their sovereignty.
Why, he mifcbt ask, with the Senator from Arkin-
sis, were not the States then^elvts included in tin 
bil1 for they got into debt If they could include
the incorporations of ihe Sta're, wny could tl ey
not include the Slates themselves? Why, m his
opinion, there could not be a grca'er arrogalion of
power than would be a tamed by the Congress of
the United States, if this amendment should be
adopted. It would be to give this Government su-
preme dominion over the States, and to tike i* from
the people in then sovereign capacity. He object-
ed, then, to thi  propo-mon, as a simple question of
power.
Mr WRIGHT spota at some length, a report of
which will be given hereafter
Mr. SMITH of Count client i ¡lowed, and
contended for the i /.it oí Confess to extend
a bankrupt law to bankn? jc-tiution lie a
rgued that, it the exert ise of the sovereign pov-
er of a Statf m the incorpora ion cf ihe«e in-
stitutions excluded thtm tiom the operations
of ths law, the exercise of similar sevceign
power would exclude trading orpotation. a'so
The whole cenefical operation of the Idtv on
trade and commerce will be thwaitul by iSe action
of the Sute Legi latute-i. So far as the S'a es m«y
choose to give charters ol m<\ rpuation to tht.r
citizens, teey are entirely exempt horn it operation.
A slate, if it thinks proper, may mcorpo atf all its
citizens. There is agtnnal law if incorporation
in the State of Conn eticut, by wh ch evtry cit z u
of the State may be incorporated, ""n Uf coor e, if
the doctrine contended for by so 11 gen lemen be
correct, will be exempt from tht opera ions of this
law. He held that a State hid ni right to d v-st
itself of its 'otereignty m bivianmr, if th'effect tf
doing so would bo to create privileged classes m the
comí-unity
Mr CALHOUN io«e not to i rolrpct the debate,
nor to ent«r at larje into the a Uiment up
on the point immediately m di oiumi n, but
to reply to a r matk of the Sena or jfifai New
York, who had adduced tl e only argu neat m fa-
vor of including incorporations which had 'he sem-
blance of plaus.b 1' ty. The Se¡ a'oi says that if
we have thepoiver i0 paso a law, opt ra líe upo i
natural persons, in their i d vidual capacity as
cuuens of a Sale, be e?n kee n> nason to
prevent our ineulir.* those persons, -issoci
ated m compones with corporate powers
granted by State L-ffi-latuies He ein see no
reason to exempt an artificial boly (¡>mtnetr>e
ration of a law to wh oh the n itu ¿1 bodi i-, ub-
ject. Now the verj fact of tl ,s I oil) leu g uf
State creation, is the reason v hy it hou d Le ex-
empt from the operation of oui lai .. Tins Go-
vernment cannot control or interfere with Ihe
States in their appropriate spheres of action, nor
can the Slates interrupt or interfere with the opera-
tions of the Federal Government in ts legitimate
sphere. If a S'a e Legislature incorporates bank-1,
we cannot touch them. And m relation to the
United States Bank, the court below has decided
that it could not be interfered with by S ate autho-
rity. He would not go into this argument, but un-
der every view m which he had contemplated it, he
considered it the boldest assumption of power ever
proposed to be conferred upon the Federal Go-
vernment. If we can overrule State legislation ,n
regard to incorporation", what act of a State can
be considered sacred from our mttrference? The
very basis of the argument is that the States are
not capab'e of doing their duty, and we, patriotic
we, step in and do it for them. The Senator from
Aikansashad not, in his opinion, pushed the areu-
too far, when he ^aid if you placed the incorporated
companies of a State undT a ctmrm*sion of bank-
ruptcy, you m'ght next attemnt to place the State
herself m the same position. This whole argument
wa  m face of the fact that England had never
attempted to extend her bankrupt laws over mcor
pora'ions
He then en'ered into the question of the expedi-
ency of this measure To include these incoi pora
tions in a bankrupt bill, would be to place four-
fifths of the business men of the ccutitiy m a com-
mission of bankruptcy. The banks have now
owing to them lrom the community, at least five
hundred millions of dolíais, and to subject them to
a bankrupt law wouldsubjectevtry man who o .ved
them to the same process, and jour commit oners
cf insolvency would have half thv property of the
Unio'i m their hands Public feeling would lebel
against this state of ttiirg^ and your law vouldb-
impotent.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama submitted a few re-
marks in reply tothebenattrfiom New York. Every
¡state had a right to deal with her institutions a1- she
thought proper. The Senator said that New York
had placedhtr banl s under tneoperatiou of abank
rupt law. Tins she had a perfect rght to do, bi t
did not every Scu'ttoi peiceive the difference Le-
tween the Sia e doing ttns herself and the Federal
Government assuming the power to do a? But
 uppose we incorporate this airendment into the
bi 1, and it is attempted to be enloicd upon the
bi"ks of Now Yoik, will there not be a corflict of
jjnsdictio'i between the Sae and Un ,ed Sta'es
Commissioners ct Insolvtncy, and, it so, which
will preval i If the course pursued bv New Yoik
in this matter be bcrtfictjl, let it oe imitated by
other Stati«, but it is no argument for ¡his Govern-
ment to assume the power of placing ihe property
of a ¡state ni the hands of a comrm^Jioner of
Ihe Ft.dt.ral Government He thm, at some
length descnrjed the connection betxte^n the State
and the banks of AUb.m.r. He hoped gentkmen
vouldlook to thccons'quencesof ihi-, doctrine, and
it it was attempttd to te ea'ned out, he thought it
sciy projablc they \tou d soon hear from he States
who were ínteres ed
Mr WRIGHT h 11 but a fev remaps to wake
m repi> As to the connection of the State of
Alabama with her baoks, he would ask if the S'ate
atkno'vledscd h. rselt bound to pay the notes, ard
other liabili íe^ of the banks? lí üi  did not, he
could not see the force of the Senator's argument
Then, -ssto theaigumeiu of UuStiHui ¡rom South
C¡> oliní H* sHjs thet within their respective
spheies the jun diuu n of the Feit.al and State
Guvernaien s must ni t conflict with epeb other, and
in tance5 the dtcioion if the oupretiie Court in the
cue of McCuIIjc'j, to snow that the S.ate^ have ro
piwerover a company ciaiter d by the Federal
Government. Novy t i.s decision of the Supteme
Coart was no law to him. It presupposed the
Federal Govern  ent had po ei to charter a bank-
ing mcoipoiation,which he denied. But suppose the
decision correct, what did H amount to Only ibat
a law of Congres", constitutionally passed, is su-
pentr to tne law of a State, and ths Senator
^ajs, ervo, ilns G verrment tan.iot tax ci^p rate
proierty ct ated by tl c ista'j. Is <>i3 teriatrr
wil'ing to saj that al prcs^rty which might
be ooverid by acts < f incorporation shall be
exempt from taxation New York ha3 passed a
law by which all religious societies may incorporate
themselves, without further appeal to State legisla-
tion • She has power to paí-*, giving to mechanics,
to farmers, and to every class whj may apply for
it, the same privileges, and thus to over all the
property of the S'ate by acts of incorporation, and
thus take it out of the reach of the taxing power
of this Government.
Mr. CALHOUN said he had not advanced an ar-
gument, but merely laid down a principle, that each
Government was supreme m its proper sphere.
As to the ngnt of this Government to charier a
National Bank, the Senator knew his opinions;
they were the 'ame as hts o n The rear
question m this case, was, when the two par-
ties have rights, and then exercise becomes in-
compatible, which muMgive way; and he had no
hesitation n saj ing, in the case supposed by the Se-
nator f¡ om New York, the taxing power of the Ge-
neral Government would be paramount. The
mere fact that m England, whence we have de-
rived this law, its form and its language, it is never
applied to incorpoiations, should be conclusive
with us. He repeated, what he had before said,
that he considered it the boldest assumption upon
the rights of the Sta'es ever attempted by the Fede-
ral Government.
Mr HENDERSON lose, but yielded to a mo-
tion for sojournment,
And t'ie Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, February 8, 1841,
Mi JONES said, as there was out a short time
of the session now remaining, he was induced to
submit a raoiioii that the Houfe go into a Comaiii-
tee of the Who'e on the State of the Union, for
tue puipose of taking up the
PENSION BILL.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON remarked that he
had received a communication from the Secretary
of War, m relation t5 a pacification about being
made, or already made, with the Seminole Indians.
The communication was such as, in his opinicn,
required the immediate acionefthe House, and
he would a*k that it be read.
Mr ADAMS said, that this was thedayset apart
for the piesentation of petitions As three or four
weeks had elapsed since gentlemen had an oppor-
tunuy of presenting petitions to the Hruse, and as
this would be the last day on which they would
have an opportunity of doing so, he hoped that at
kístrne day would be devoted to the petitions
of the people of the Uniled States. Mr. A. said
that he bad, in his drawer, a hundred petitions,
and fhatmne tenths cf those that came north of
Mason and Dixon's l'ne, would be excluded under
the 21st rule of the Howe.
The question then recurred on tne motion of
Mr JoNts to go into Committee of the Whole;
but befjre any rction was taken theieon,
Mr L. WILLIAMS caked for the reading of
the communication from the Secretary of War;
tvhich Wt_s riadas fellow-
Win Department, Feb. 6, 1841.
Sir- I have the horor to transmit herewith, for
the consideration of the Coaimittee on Military
Affars, a copy of a coram..mcation to the Adju-
tant General from Gen. Armistead, commanding
the army m Flonda, aokmg a remittance of
$100,000 to enable him to comply with his pro-
mise  to the hostile Indians in Florida, in the event
of their stirrendenug themselves for emigration.
In the present temper of the Indians, and from the
fact mat a number have already come m at the
various pons anl surrendered their arms, there is
reason to hope that Gen. Armistead's promises
will induce them to come in and give themselves
