Í58
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
alluded to the lamentable condition of the banks of
Alabama. He was not willing that this Govern-
ment should interfere in the affairs of his State,
and especially those which were within the exclu-
sive province of his State. What was the purport
of this whole matter, but saying that the, States
were either unable or unwilling to manage their own
affairs. The Senator alludes to the deplorable con-
dition of these banks, and speaks oí this Govern-
ment as the only power which can correct the evil.
He, (Mr. Clay) for one, would be glad to see the
Federal Government auend to its own affairs, and
attend to them successfully. He thought the ques-
tion had assumed no new shape since the brief dis-
cussion of yesterday, nor, indeed, since the last ses-
sion, when he had moved to strike banks from
the bill. As to the taxing power of this Govern-
ment, he held it to be strictly limited to revenue
purposes. Because the banks in Mississippi, or in.
Alabama, or in any other State, were in a bad con-
dition, was with him no argument in favor of our
travelling oat of our constitutional sphere to apply
a corrective.
Mr. SEVIER, having obtained the floor, said it
must be apparent to every Senator that there was
not the remotest chance of this bill passing Con-
gress at the present session; ami to prevent a fur-
ther waste of the time of the Senate, he moved to
lay Ihe bill on the table.
Before the question was 'taken, a motion for ad-
journment was made, which prevailed;
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, February 9, 1841.
Mr. JONES of Virginia moved that the House
resolve itself-into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill making appropriations for th° pay-
ment of Revolutionary and other peasioners of the
United Slates for the year 1811.
The SPEAKER informed Mr. Jones that this
was the day set aside for ihe consideraron of the
bills relating to steamboat disasters, ele.
Mr. JONES would ¡lien ¡¡sk that the special or-
d?r be postponed until Thursday ncx, because
all the important appropriation bills had jet to be
acted upon.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said (hat if Thursday
should be set aside for the special order, he w uld
have no objection to its postponement until that
d y,
The question was then taken on postponing the
special order, and decided in the affirmative.
So the special order was postponed ualtl Thurs-
day next.
Mr. C. JOHNSON submitted the following re-
solution:
Resolved, That on and after to morrow, the daiiy
hour of meeting of this House shall be eleven
o'clock, until otherwise ordered.
Objection being made to the reception of tbo re
solution,
Oa m. tion of Mr. C. JOHNSON, the rules wee
suspended; and
The question was taken on the pa?;age of the
re olution, and decided m the affirmative.
The House then, on the motion of Mr. JONES
of Virginia, resolved itself ait- a Cmvmit'ee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Clif-
ford in the chair) and resumed the consideration
of the
PENSION BILL.
The que1 tion pending was on ti e amendment or-
fired by Mr. Waddy Thompson on }csieiday. sp
propriatmg $100,COO ¡or the benefit of s'ich Semi-
nole chiefs and w.-rnoisas may surrender tor emi-
gration.
Mr MARK A. COOPER beinR entitled to the
fluir, re' nm-j hn ¡emarks rom ;e.'.eed,.y, inre-ly
to Mr. GiDDlNGS.
The latter bavins, at great lensth, al'emp'ed to
show that the origin of the F cmU war \"as attn-
bntsb'e to slavery, kdnapping, etc Mr. C. proceed-
ed to reply seriatim to the ..r^u . tn's by «Inch that
position had been attempted to he snsiamcd.
In the coarse of the remarks oí Me. C. allusion
was made to the dispute between Georgia  and
Maine, in relation to the alleged kidnapping of cei-
.tain negroes.
Mr. EVANS of Maine made several explana-
tions on th it subject, which will appear when the
debate shall be written eut.
Mr. COOPER was proceeding to comment upon
that subject, when he was called to order by the
Chair on the ground of irrelevancy.
Mr. BLACK observed that his colleague was
merely replying to what the gentleman fiom Ohio
[Mr. Giddings.] had advanced yesterday; and inas-
much as that gentleman had been permitted to go
on making charges, he (Mr. B.) cculd not con-
ceive how his colleague could be out of order in re-
plying to those charges. The gentleman from Ohio
was permitted to make an anti-slavery speech on
yesterday; snd if the Chair decided that his col-
league [Mr. Cooper] was not in order in replying
to it, he (Mr. B.) would take an appeal from that
deeis'on.
The CHAIR observed that as (he gentleman was
referring to negro stealing in Ohio, and alluding to
the object, etc of those engaged, he had thought it
his duty to call him to account for irrelevancy.
Mr. ADAMS said, yes; and in addition to that
the gentleman from Georgia has made a pointed
personal allusion to him; and he desired the gen-
tleman might be permitted to go on, in cider that
he, Mr. A. might have an opportunity of answer-
ing him.
Mr. WISE desired to know if the gentleman
from Georgia was not replying to the remarks of
the gentleman from Ohio on yesterday, on the
subject of negro stealing. If so, was he not in
order?
Mr. COOFEK said, he had no notes oí his own,
and his remarks wcie founded on the notes- he hid
taken of the wiitten speech of the gentleman from
Ohio; so that he was confining him-elf stricly to
what had been said by that gentleman, and for.
wh'ch he had not been called to order by the
Chair.
Alter some further explanation*,
Mr. BLACK took an appeal from the decision
of the Ciu-e.
And the question being taken on the appeal, the
deciion of ihe Chair was not sustained.
Mr. COOPER, then resumed his remarks, and
proceeded at great length to show that the conclu-
sions drawn by the gXntWman-from Ohio, in rela-
tion to the causes of the Florida war, were errone-
ous. Mr. C. also, atlsomc length, defended the
Sta'e of Gecijia Don; e.srtain charges preferred
again-t her by the Aboliii.on.sis.
Mr. BLACK said tpat. when he finished his
speech the other day, he'jdid not think he would be
called up so soon agaia'jto addiess the committee.
But he would be dereliciko his duty, i.ot only as a
Representative of Georgia, but. as a citizen of the
South, were, he to permit the extraordinary speech
made by the gentleman of Oliio lo pass by in
silenee.
Mr. B. then proceded to reply to Mr. Giddings
to show how tho:e, the but den of whose song is
"human lights and human liberty," in relation to
Souílmn slaves, treat the free negroes who are
nsidents of the non-siaveholding States. At Mr.
B's request, many extracts were read from the Phi-
lanthropic, containing an arfcle written by
Mi. Jay, showing that, by the laws of Ohio,
niul miny other of the tree State.', negroes were
excluded fiom the elective franchise, the right of
pe ition, from serving in the militia, from paitici-
pa'nr, in the adoiims'rMion of justice, and that im-
pediments wer." thrown into their way to debar
them from the advantages of education, the enjoy
merit of rcliaion, locomotion, &c. and 'he opinion
ot the writ r [Mr. Jay] was ¡hit "Ohio stojd pre-
erni-eot for her wickedness age.iast this clasi of her
popularon."
Mr. 0. wa« p:oce-.-dirg in his remarks, when he
w?.-. called to order by several gentlemen, on the
ground rf irrelevancy in debute.
Mr. BYNUM hrp-d the gentleman from Geor-
gia would be permuted to proceed. We had lis.
tened (said Mr. B.) the better part of the whole of
yesterday to the speech of the geritleman from
Ohio [V3r. Giddings] against the slaveholders of
the South and their institutions, which was calcu-
lated to do incurable injury to that portion  of the      j
Union.   It was (said Mr.  E.) the duty of every      (
Represantative from the South promptly to meet      ;
his assailants on that subject.    If the gentleman      i
from Georgia should be airested in delivering his
sentiments upon this vital and all-important sub-
ject, Mr. B. said that he himself, as a small portion       t
of the South, would claim to be heard.    It was a
subject, beyond every other, in which the Southern       i
people possessed the deepest interest, and one about
which they had been more deceived, in his opinion,       i
than about any other upon ths face of the  earth;
and, to be undeceived, it  was only necessary  for       i
them to  do justice to themselves in this matter.
Well ciight gentlemen be afraid of the truth, as to      i
the position of parties, going forth from this place.        j
Mr. BLACK again resumed his remarks, and      1
was proeeding further lo reply  to  Mr.  Giddings,
when
Mr. RAYNER said, the discussion had gone far
enough, and, in his opinion, it was only calculated
to please a eertain class of men in this House. Be-
sides, the pension bill was before the committee,
and the gentleman [Mr. Black] was discussing I
Abolition.
Mr. BYNUM said he knew whom the remarks I
of his colleague [Mr. Rayner] were intended to ^
reach; but he would say, well might certain gen-
tlemen- from the South wince, for this was, and
ever must be, a tender subject to them. They were
anxious (said Mr. B.) to arrest any discussion that
would let ihs truth go to the South, and their posi-
tion was becoming more evident.
Mr. BL&.CK resumed his remarks; and after fre-
quent interrup'ions, said he held in. bis hand a por-
tion of an ancient book. He meant the Bible it-
self. Now, sir, (remarked Mr. B.) call me to or-
der with the Bible in my hand. I intend to read
from thejth chapter of Matthew, 1st, 21, 3d, 4-h,
and 5ífi verse-*. Mr. B. accordingly read as fol-
lows:
"1. Judge not, that ye be not judged.
'2. For «nh what judgment yc judge, ye shall
be judged; and with what measure ye mete, it shall
be measured to you again.
"3. And why beholdest thou the mote that is in
thy brother'* eye, but considercst not the beam that
is in thine own eye?
"4. Or how wilt thou say to thy brother, let me
pull out the mote out of thine eye; and behold, a
beam is in thine osn eye.
"5.  ThouhypoaVe, [Mr. B. pointed to Mr. Gin-       j
niNGs]  first cast out the beam  out of thine own
eye; and then .«-halt thou see clearly to cast out the
mote out of thy blotter's eye."                                     ,
Mr. B. contended that luis passaee of Scripture ¡
was applicable to Mr. G>dmngs. We of the South
(said Mr. B ) say we have no mote in our eye,
neitLer on the subject of slavery or any other sub-
ject. I call upon the gentleman, in the language of
Holy Writ, "Thou kypccriie, first cast out the beam
out of thin , own eye; and then thou shaltuee clearly
to cast out the mote of thy brother's eye."
Mr. B. then concluded his remarks; not, how-
ever, without frequent interruptions on the ground
ofirrelevancy.
[The remarks of Mr. B. are in a course of pre-      ';
paration, and will be given hereafter.]                          '
Mr. DOWNING of Florida, ia a very animated
manner, defended his consdtuents Irom the charges ;
brcuiht against them by Mr. Giddings, of stealing
negroes from the Indians; etc. He, Mr. D. denied
that the gentleman from Ohio hadsubs'amiated his
charge  by a single proof.
Alluding to the ground taken by Mr. Giddings
on the Abolition question, Mr. D. observed that, if
tbe Whigs of the South imagined that individual
who fame by the cars this morning, sanctioned
those principles, they would have said to him, "be-
gone iorever." He, Mr. D. hoped it would not be
understood by the country that the gentleman from
Ohio was the representative, or the mouth piece on
this subject of that great man (Harrison) who
came from the same State. The gentleman ought
lo recollect that there were men of the Whig
party acting with him on other subjects, who in
this matter would net touch him with a pair of '
tongs.
Mr. D. concluded by urging the immediate ap-
