propnation of the sum required by the amend-
ment.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana then obtained the floor,
but gave way to a motion that the commi tee  rise.
Oh the question being taken¡ no quorum voted.
The committee then re se, and reported that fact
to the House.
A motion to adjourn was <hen made, and decided
in the negative—yea  27, nays 62
A call of the House was then simulteneously de-
manded by se 'eral members
Mr. SMITH of Maine renewed the motion to
adjourn, which prevailed.
And the House adjournrd.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, Ftbruary 10, 1841.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the reading of
the journal was depended wu1).
A message wa^recei/ed from the House of Re-
presentatives, announcing that the House was
ready to receive the Senate, and to proceed to
count the votes for President and Vice President of
the Um'ed States, in conformity with the Constitu-
tion, and in pursuance of the joint resolution, on
that subject.
On motion by Mr. KNIGHT, the Sen "te pro-
ceeded to the ha'l of the House of Representa-
tives, preceded by iheir Secretary and Sergeant at-
Arms.
After the votes had been counted, the Senators
returned to the Senate chamber, where the foliex-
mg resolutions were adopted:
Resolved, That a committee of enc member be
appointed by the Senate to join a committee of
two members to be appointed by the House
of Representatives, to wait on William Henry
Harrison, of Ohio, and inform 1 ím that he has
been constitutionally e'ected by the electors of the
several States Pre-ident of the United Slates for
four years from the 4th day of March, 1841.
Mr. PRESTON was appointed on th; part of
the Senate.
Resolved, That the President of the Senate do
cause John Tyler, of Virginia to be notified that
he has been duly elected V'ce President of the
United States for four years from the 4th ot March,
1841.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sm.Ve
a communication from tie War Dapartmen", fur-
nishing information from tne Colonel of Ordnance,
m relation to the National Arirones.
Mr. LINN, in pursuarce of pi°vious nonce,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to ap-
point trustees for the investment of the Smitnnmian
fund.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, February 10,  1841.
Mr. TILLINGHA3T, by Leave, presented 'he
resolutions of the Legislature of Phode Island, ¡n
favor of designating the same day throughout the
United States for the chcice of electors of Presi-
dent and Vice President, which were laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLARK, by leave, presented a petition of
John Randall and Charles York, sureties of Silas
Holmes, deceased, late c "ecioi of the customs it
tbe nineteenth collection diMtictm the S.''e of New
York, praying to le released ¡rom all habilitas as
sureties afore^a'd, wmch v as refened to 'he Com-
mittee on the Judicial}'.
Mr. LEET asked 'eave to presen' and have re-
ferred, the petitions of Benedict Reynold- and Wil-
liam Stephenson, of Washington county, Pennsyl-
vania.
Objection being male, they could not be received
accordirg to the rules.
Mr ANDREWS submitted the following, wh ch
was read for information-
Resolved, That at fbree o'clock tc-morrow tne
debate upon the bill No 529, tnak,ng appropriation
for the payment oí Revoluuonaiy and other p>n-
s oners of the Umtpd Sta'es foi the vear 1341, in
Committee of the Whole House on the state ot the
Union, shall cease, and that the Committee shal1,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
at that time, proceed to vote upon said bill and
such amendments as may be offered thereto, and
ha'l then report said bill, and such amendments an
rosy have beea agreed to by the committee, to the
House.
Objection being made to the reception of the re-
solution,
Mr ANDREWS moved a suspension of the
rules, and thereupon oiled for the jea3 and navs;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 114, nays II
So the rules were suspended.
The resolution was then modified, so as to read
"twelve o'clock to morrow "
Mr ANDREWS moved ¡he previous question;
which w?s seconded, and
The mam question was then put, and derided m
the affirmative.
So the resolution was atrreei to.
Mr BANKS psked leave to submit the following
resolution-
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po't Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a mail route from Gordon-
ville, Orange county, to Madison Court House, Vir-
ginia.
Objection being made to lbs reception of th?
resolution,
M'. BANKS moved to suspend the rules, but
the motion v as negatived.
Mr. LEET moved the follovrng resolution-.
Resolved, That the morn ng hrnr of this dav be
appropriated O the pre-cntatien and reception of
petitions.
Objection being made,
Mr. LEET movt d a suspend,on of the rule.
Mr. CARR wished to offer an d'nendiaent to the
resolution, but
The SPEAKER .rfnrmed h i  tbat the resolu-
tion was no' open to u  ,e io   rot-
Mr. CARP   ^aid i' n 's hi- intea .on  to nove
that the call commenc with Io 7a.
Tru qies-ion was then taken on the motion to
suspen I tl e rules, ind d'Cid d in t' e negat've.
So the rules were not suspended
Repcrts from committics were then cplled for,
w'ipn
Mr CRARY, from the Committee on the Pub'ie
Land*, r po.ted Sera'e bill with amendments, en-
titled "An act to authorize the Legislatures of the
States of Arkansas, Lou suma, a>id Tennessee, to
sell the lands hereto ore appropriated for the use of
sch^o's in tbise Stales."
Mr. PE3K moved to refer di- bill, -m t't
amenumenis, to thu Committee of tap Wnole
Mr. TURKEY hope.4 t! at ne moiii n v ouH nrt
preva'l, a? it won'd d-'cat tne measure Te de
nttd that the bill te now tapen up and pis-td,
and could ser no reason why it should be referred
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GiDDLXGá here asked the corsent of She
House to permit him ii allude to a matter per oi ?l
to him«elf. He *i-hed to rail ait-ntior to ¿n pr l-
cle in the Nat'onal I'lelli'enccr of thjs looming,
ani* «aid 'hat the chn ictei of his constituents re-
quired it
Mi TURNE? obi c tec", on i' e ground tbat there
was another siibjcc  before die Ileus .
Mr BPJGOi mo.ed that Mi. Gidd'mjs have
leive to pioced
T^r queit on was th  n take), and drc d J in ths
pmT"ati/p.
Po le  re -as giprteJ
Tro artice icíerrtd (o by fif Gibdimis v«s
then read, as fol'o ,..
"Mi Thcmoo   of ~ou h C-red na wou'd apneal
Io the honorable mem' °r from Georgia 'o my v he-
thot ii was p'ud rt or ¡ io pr, >i this di cnssirn of
a t >pie (however iro ioi"l  drasr>ed nto 'h s de-
ba'e) upo-i wh eh em rj & „ hern roan *houl 1 oily
f elaiaSi'iiviiiii-i, to le fOVekiig t i 'aji-
1* qiarrel between 8 i íeri VVhig< a>' i S n'^m
Democrats, ai d wh- the r it is j st to regar I the van
obscuw.t cf the obscure rñTúl^i" 11 the Whig party
as an cxpon< nt (f ih • f<-e|ii-¿s an 1 opm^ns of that
tarty rn this sibj^c' Wiuid i nor beb'ter,
more fair, and "ore just to wai one ^nor' m n h
and hear thedi-th cui-h d head of that p->rty speak
for himself' M-- T wocll pledge h.Tispjf that
Gen. Harrison will so speak and act upon ¡.he sab-
Ud
ject of AboUuon as to satisfy even the member
Irom Georgia, and to seal forever his lips, except in
praise."
Mr. GIDDINGS said that he took the first occa-
(after the member irom South Carolina [Mr.
Thompson] had taken his -eat.) to notice thi? sub-
ject This he would not do, were ihe bearing, of
that gentleman'* remarks confined to himself sole-
ly; but representing, as he (Mr G) did, a constitu-
ency as numerous and distinguished for their mo-
ral excellence as those represented by any other
member, he could not pass by this.matter in silence.
The words (said Mr. G ) to which I allude, are
printed in italics, and I suppose they are intended
as a direct p rsonal insult.
In reply to a remark of Mr. Alford, which was
not heard by the Reporter,
Mr. G. said that it was related of a veteran mar-
shal, who had grown old in the service of his
country, and who had fought a hundred battles,
that he happened to offend a young and fiery offi-
cer, who spat in his face for the purpose of insult-
ing him. The General, taking his handker-
chi f from his picket, and wiping his face,
remarked- "If 1 could wash your blood from
my soul ss easily as I can this spittle from my
face, you should not live another day."
I will (remarked Mr G ) say to the member
from South Carolina [Mr. Thompson] that I claim
no s.ation supeaor to the most humble, nor infe-
rior to the most exalted. In representing what I
bebeve to be the views of my people, and what I
deem their interests, and the interests of the North,
I male the remarks I did; and, in answer
to which, ihe gir.tleman from Georgia [Mr.
Cooper] made alluairn to my district, and
the vote given at the late Presiden'ial election In
reply to thi=, the gentleman Irom South Carolina
t ok it up n hirr>ceH lubhcly to fiss gn me a sta-
tion, ' th' «si/ obscurest of the obscure members of the
M lug party " I say 'o Ihe member, that at the
North we have a different mode of punishing in-
sults from what exists at t.ie South. With us, th«
man w« o wantonly as an- anotner, is punished
by public sentiment. To that sentiment I appeal.
It wi'l do justice both to the member and myself.
Mr. TIIO Vll'SON sai 1 that it the member from
Ohio had understood him as reflecting upon his
constituents, he (Mr. T.) was very sure no other
rremb°r hid. Mr. T sat (or hours lis'eningto the
roarse insul's of the member f>om Ohio upon the
whole Soiilh He \*o"ld not say that he had
v. i lied under those iPMilf; on the con'rary, they
had p ohieed no sue!, effect; and, if he hftd been
in th<* pia-e of me n emb r irom Georgia,
[Mr Cocpfr,] h> shculd have treated the
rjh arks cf me roemler from Onio with a
^overcisn, prof^u/id, and si ent contempt. He
had 'e-n t .e utmost ur.iveisai disapprobation
oí t>e couise of that member amongst the
rew members fiom fie non slave^oldmg States
—a oi-.-'porobatKn alrrost as general and as s rong
as tbat of the msmber;, trono, i! e South. As to the
esiimatim in wh ch he (M . T ) hela that member,
ths \ as a matier cf taste, and Mr. T btlteved
that it an smip on thp vho'e rbj et were pr s^nted
to be i'ousp, iba opimoa i huh he had expressed
wou'd be sctst?med
M" COoPER oi G"rig i sail he only wanted
tr d c'fi a odp tbins nn p pjn' on wnicb, Mr
Thompst^'s v re rredi-a'^J torcern ng ti c gentle-
man /rim Oh n, ail mat i', n d Mr. C that I
nevei d'd, in word, 5ceJ, or thooght, cimge upon
the V'big", a* a jarly, tl at i, hieh he gem'ernan
say s I d d.
ELECTION OF PRE85 ^F^'T * ND ViCE PRE-
SIDi'NP OF THS UNITED STATES.
Ti is long the day spocijlly set apart by a joint
resole' in for the t vo Hou«-" to convene in joint
m'-eluii p' t eic o'cioc r, for the paipjse ot opeu-
u¿ «i-i 1 crunt at tie e'ecioril votes, given by the
s-'vc-il -T a es o- Pre lient ?n 1 Vre Piivident of
tne ti i eJ S'ates, am 'he houi cf 12 o'clock laving
pr'ived,
On motion of Mr BR1GGS, H wes
O -¡ered, That the C erk <aro m ihe Senate that
the House is now ready ¡o uceiv- the Senate, and
to proceed in opening tho ceitifi^ate , and in count-
