162
CONGRESS IONAL GLOBE.
remainder of his people will be in in two or three
weeks—many of them are in Middle Florida. He
has sent runners out to them with a talk, which
■will, no doubt,induce them to meet him at this post
in twenty days.
"I have despa'ched in a steamboat my Assistant
Adjutant General to Key Biscayne to conduct to
his post the thirty-two Indians captured by Lieu-
tenant Colonel Harney in the Everglades. On
their arrival I shall ship them with those now here,
making in the whole 180, for their new homfs m
Arkansas, on the 15th proximo.
"Enclosed I transmit leports from Lt. Col.
.Clarke and Lf. Col. Loomis.
"I am, sir, &c.
'■W. K. ARMI3TEAD,
"Bngadier G-en. Com. Army m Florida.
"Hon. J. R. Poinsett, Secretary oí War.
"Endorsed.—Re pecxfully transmitted to t>e lion,
Waddv Thompson, jr. tor his information, and
that oí the C <mmatee on Mili'ary Allans, bv his
obedient servant,                J. R   POINSETT."
"War Department, Fib. 10,1841.
"At Foit Srcok*, Tampa Bay, there cue now in
30 Ind ans At Fort Clinch, on the Withlaeoochee,
Echo-Emathla lias come m with 41 Talkhassee
Indians and at Foit Atmutabga Tiger Tail wnh
33 Colonel Clark's command, which leu Tampa
a short time since (or the Withlacoochee to t-^cort
in a party oí Indian", is expected to return o Tampa
<n ihe 20th oí January. Col. Clarke has with him
32 Indian , mostly Tidahassees.and sevewl Muka-
stlkies.
"The steamer T. Salmon left Tampa on the 19th
instant for fiey Biscayne for 30 Indians, (Spanish
Indians,) the women and children of the party
eaptuied by Col. Harney a short time since.
"At Fort Amisteid, eleven Indians are in. At
Pease's CreJc several families are expected to
meet a conveyance sent thereto convey them to
Tampa. Eurty Indian4, have come m ¡it Foil
King, and 4 at Ko. 4 near Cedar Keys, acid 19
more have since gone in to Fort Clinch.
"In all there are now at the different pos s 240
Indian to be brought together at Tampa Bjy as
soon as practicable, undtr sufficient e-com for
etnigrstien to Arkan as in the <arly part ut Febru-
ary. Of the CO Indians at Fort Clint h, 40 art war
nors, and of the whole 240, probably 80 or SO arc.
warrior-.
' By Idlers from Ctdar Keys, it appears 72 In-
dians have gone m recently to Fort King. Rumor
says Col Reily can e on with a parly ot 40 or 50,
who have parses, and they went into Fort King
with him. By good information I have liea.d Ctl.
Harney has a setond time captured 12 Indiaus.
' By a letter leceived from Mr HernanJtz, a
member oí I he Legislative Council oí Flmda, it
appears that Col. llarney has fallen in with 'he In-
dians a third time, and has captured 115
"If these rumors are true, and they are at lea^l
extremely probab.e, there are reaily 500 Lillians
who have surrendered, and are ready for emigpe-
uon. More Indians have been killed b; the ora-
rations in Fion ¡a during the past eight months
than for two years be'ore.
CHAÜLE3 MtCORMICK,
"Asst. Surg. TJ S. Aitny "
The qufs'ion then being on the amo; dment of
Mr. Pmiib to ill  amendment of Mr. Thomp on,
Mr. GRAHAM of North Carolina vishollo
sutmit th  i iiiowms; as a furiher amendment-
"Sfc. 2 Be it farther enacted, That one hundred
thousand do i<ji . he, and the same is hereby < ppro
priated, to be expei ded under the direction u* Ihe
Seuetaiy u W01, 1. r the removal, subsistence,
andbeii'fii of sach of the Semmo'e Indian chiefs
and wainors ,.   m  y suirender for emigration.
"Sec 3. Be itfuyther eaac'cd, That no rifie^, or
arms ot any kind, --halt be delivered to said In lans
until they reach ttio ,ve5lern bank of the Missis-
sippi river "
Mr. W THOMPSON modified his amendment
so as to include the ab ve.
The question then being on the amendrr-citt of
Ml   Smith, it was put and decided m die aega'ive
Thi question then being on the am-aJm ¡it of
"Mr. TutMPSOisr. as modified, it was screed to.
After the rejection of two proposed amendments
by Messrs. Ceubb and Cave Johnson, as not in
order,
On motion of Mr. JONES of Virginia, the com-
mittee rose and reported the b.U as amended to the
House.
And the question being on agreeing to ihe amend-
ment,
Mr. PETRIKIN rose to inquire of the Chair
whether the amendment reported was m order.
The CHAIR said it was not for h.m to decide
as to the competency of the Cooirmtice of the
Whole as to their amendment. Tne House could
however vole such amendments down, if it thousht
proper.
Mr. WARREN, afer some introductory re-
marks, expres-ed bimsrlt in favor of the amend-
ment, and said that, m bis opinion, f¡100,000 only
was nrces aiy to put an enii to the war ana secure
the peace of the people. He could not see ho 
ihe honor and dignity of the nation co>«'d, in üíp
least degree, be compromitted by aprrop-iatnig the
money for the purpose specified. Mr. W having
concluded his íemarks,
Mr. JAMESON moved the previous q «'stion,
which was ordered; and,
The que.tion now being on ngre mg to the
amendment,
Mr. DROMGOOLE hereupon calVd for the
yea<" and navs, wmch were ordered, and weie—
ye s 158 nays 14, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Alford, Judión Allen,
John W. Allen, Anderson, Andiíw% Atherton,
Banks, Baker, Barnard, Beatty, Bl^ckve I, Bind,
Boyd, Brewster, Bn?gs Brockway, A'ber' G
Brown, Burke, Sampson H. Bailer Bynum, Cal-
houn, John Campbell, Wi lum B. Cim ibeil Cair,
Cauoll, Carter, dsey, Chapman, Chi in, Chit-
tenden, Clark, Clifford, Couroi, W. R. Coiper,
Crabb, Cranston, Curus, Cushn g, John i> iv s,
Garrett Davis, Daw*on, Deberry, Óenms, Dellet,
Doe, Djif, Eatl, Eastman, Edvarjs, Ely, E/ans,
Everett, Fillmore, Fine, Fishei, Galbiaiib, Gaits,
G^nuy, Goode, Graham, Granger, Giaves, Giern,
Griffin, Gnmoll, Habcisham, Hal1, Joh 1 Hast-
ngs, Hawe', Hawkins, Hill of« Norih Carolina,
Hillen, Holt, Hopkins, Hunt, Ja'kion, James,
Jameson Cearles Johns'on, Wi'liam C' st John-
son, Cave Jonnvun, Nathaniel Jones, John W.
Jones, Keim, Keinbl", Kempsfcall, Kill , Kin^,
Lane, Leadbelt r, Lewi , Line iln, Luos, Me-
Carly, MoClure, McCullocb, McKav, Meredith
Mallory, Francis Mallory, Marvin, Samsrn Ha-
«on, Mcdill, Miller, Monroe, M l^in ¡Vlt rrow,
Newhard, Nisbet, Osborne, Pa'en, Pannenter,
Payntcr, Peck, Pope, ProñV, Randall, Raridin,
Reed, Rhelt, Ridgway, Edward Roger , Russell,
Simuels, Sergeant, Snaw, Simonton, S ade,
Albert Smuh, S aikvteather, Siecnrod, {', van,
Sumter, Sweanngen, Sworn y, Talmei-r', Pulip
F. Thomas Waddy Thompson, Ja-ub Th< msio,
John B Thompson, Till nsrhast, Toland, Trip-
left, Undirwood, Vrooin, W ¡"iec, W„pn(r,
Warren, Watterson, Weller, Wick, J. ¥/. Wil-
liams, T. W, Wnliams, Lewis Wdhams, Jo«erh
L. William., Chustopher H. Wil'iams,Win'h op,
Wise, and Worihington—158
NAYS—Messrs. Black, William O Builer,
Mark A. Cooper, Crary, Cross Dio.ngoide, Dun-
can, Fornance, Moore, Petnkm, R jnold', Rive ,
Thomas Smith, andTuir.ey—14.
The bill, as amended, was t e.i ordered 'o a
third reidmg,  aad was lead byih> Clerk, as io!-
iow-:
A BILLraikinj appropriations for t'ie piyrnentof
Revolutioiiary and other pennons oí the Un ted
Slates, for ihe jear eighteen hundred ?nd ioity-
one, and for otner purposes.
Be itewt'tti by Ihe Señale and Howe of Represen a-
lives of the Um'ed bialei ofjlmenci %i Co*g ess as-
sembled, That tie fol ovvmg sums b \ aid 1 le sime
are hereby apprrpnated, in addu'on to 'ormer ao-
propnations, to be p^id out ot an/ mor -y in the
Treasury net otherw^e appropriated, fir th • p°.i-
sioners of the Unued States, tor the jesr one laoc-
sand eight hue 'red and fort)-one;
For the Revolutionary pensions eider the act of
the eighteenth oí March, one thousand eight hun-
dred and eighteen, three hundred and fouitren tmu-
sand dollars;
For the payment of invalid pensions, one hun-
dred and seventy theusand dollars;
Fcr pensions to widows and orphans under
the act of the fourth of July, one thousand
eight hundred aid thirty six, four hundred and
forty-eight thousand two hundred aad forty one
dollars;
For five years' pensions to widows under ihe
act of ihe seven'n  of   July, one thousand eight
hundred and thirtv-sight, one hundred and sixty-
eight thousand  ihree hundred and iourtegn dol
lats
For half pa/ pers on«, payable through the of-
fices oí th- Second and T.urd Auditors, five thou-
sand dollars;
For arrearages, payab'e through the Second Au-
ditor s < fficp, s.x hundred dehars;
I       For anearles, paiable 'hrough the Tnird Au-
I    dit<r\j office, one t "u^-and dollars,
I       Sec 2.   Be it fw titer enacted,   That on" bun-
dled thousand dollois be, and   the  saine i' hereby
appropriated, lobeexpTd.d under the dtiectionof
tie Sccrelaiy of'v'ar,  for the  removal, subsist-
ence,  and  benefit of mch oí the Seminole In-
dian chief:, and warriors as may surrender for emi-
gration.
Sec. 3 Be il fadhei- entte'ed, That no nilcs, or
arms of any kind, snail be delivered to ^aid In-
dians until they reach Ine western bank of the
Mississippi river
The queston now being on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. JAME?ON moved tne previous question;
which was orderpd.
And on the question being taken, it was decided
in ih.3 aiiiimative
I       So !h° bill wa  rr«:ed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION
BILL.
On motion of Mr JONES of Virginia, the House
¡fSOived itselt ii'o Conmit fe 0 tne Whole on the
<tite ot ihe Un on, (\ti. Blll m the chair,) and
took up the bill rrak r,g appropnat ons for ihe
civil and diplomatic rxpen^es oí ihe Government
for the year 1841.
Some explanations took place between Mecsrs
CP-ABB and JONES, of Virunia, in relation lo
the item sppropr a .n¿ $35,000 "tor stationery, fuel,
printing, and all i.ther contingent expenses of tne
tí i.Me," after which,
Mr. L'NCOtiN called upon the chairman of the
Committee of W ya and Means (Mr. J nes) to
P'oduce any estimates, if he had any, in relauon to
tie following item.
"For s'a'iooer), f icl, i'inting, an! a'l other con-
tingent eüp nses of ihe House of Rep-e-en'.atives,
$25 000 •'
Mr. JONES replied tint he had no esumaies be-
yond those whi hhad boei iumishcd by toe Clerk
of t e Housp
Mr. STANLY wa" unlerstood to ioquire whe-
ther tbe stationery for v/hica money was cow to be
appropria'ed h^d 1 e?n purchased.
Mr. ANDERSON called for the estimates refer-
red to.
Mr JONES se*it lo 'he Cork's table a statement
from the Clerk, co. tamin  the cstic ates referred to,
ímong t \ hich wai she item of §10,000 for the pur-
chase of stati .oery for ihe next Congress.
Mr. LINCOLN th°n moved to teduee ¡he above
sum of $25,00(1 to ^t5 000—-1 e str.hng rut the
§10 000 for s'a'.oii'iy for ihe n s.t Congrcs=.
Mi LINCOLN, -after sta'iL<r th?t the House
woiui b;ai him witr.; s that he bad not yielded to
that «enstless ci / of ecommv wheh d'uied such
jus' appropnaUons a might b¿ re-qmred to carry
j'l t^e vanoua braaches cf the public business, pro-
ct-ded 'o comment tip <n the abu c wineh had crppt
into this sjs en oí coi tu ?eot eip n lauies He be-
htved tha ad h"se abtt e  which hid crppt into
the administration of tne pubnc tr«i t of ¡he coun-
l'y had tnar souice m aou^e, under the head of
con lngc'ic-usa.
ítirp instance of the mods m which ihe money
of the con mgent fun i had been expended, Mr. L.
alluded to a request made to the Committee on Pub-
1 c Lands to punt a report oí th  Commissioner on
Public Lands, the expense of which, it was affiimed,
would not exceed two or three hundred dollars.   A
