164                                      C
sentmg it, and (he was understood to add) hs des-
paired of doing any good by presenting it.
The letter was then read, as follows:
Washington, December, 1840
Sir: I perceive by a resolution ot ihe House,
offered by Mr Davis of Indiana, that 5,000 copies
of Mr. Owen's geological report is likely to be or-
dered to be printed with the maps properly en-
graved. There is no doubt that an effort will be
made to alter the resolution, so as to have the maps
lithographed instead of engraved. The House is
laboring under a mistake as to the relative pnce of
lithographing and engraving. It appears on exa-
mination of Mr P Haas1*; accounts m the Treasury,
that he has charged the House 50 per cent more
for lithographing than I have charged for eng'avmg
This should not beso. Lithography, as executed
by him, is not worth one-hUf what engraving is,
consequently he has been receiving four prices for
his work Could a committee who |are somewhat
conversant with such matters be appewnted to in-
vestigate the subject, it w< uld cause but little delay
or trouble to obtain facts that would enab'e the
House to act knowmaly. As things are at present,
through misrepresentation, Congre^> are deprived
of tne advantage of having their work done pro-
perly If the Clerk would receive proposals fiom
competfn' eng>aver«, this difficulty would be obvi-
ated. The proposals should ■specify the time in
which the work wis required to be furnished, and
a sample deposi e 1 oí the style required, otheiwise
a favorite migtn have werk executed by very in-
different workmen at a low price, and nuke a g eat
profit to ihe entire exclusion of ski'ful workmen.
Besides, the work might be rent to a foreign coun-
try to be executed, as has already been the else
If the House would employ me to furnish the maps
for Mr Owen's report, I will do 50 for 50 per cent,
less than Mr. P Hais his heretofore charged the
House for lithography, which is my usual price for
work accompanying documents. Should Congress
deem the mbject of sufficient importance to appoint
a committee, it would be well to examine the ac-
counts for engraving done for the Seaate.
Very respectfully, your1?,
Hon J a Adams,                 W J STONE
House of Represenuves.
Mr. BYNUM said he should vote to strike out
the whole of the appropriation for stationery, not
because he thought it proper, but becaus> he
thought it necessary to bring gentlemen back to a
proper sense of what \-.as due (rom them as Ri?pi e-
sentatives on that floor, and to the great mtt rests
of the people of this country He thousht nothing
less than meeting this question in this way, by
ktopping all appiopnations, and consequently Ihe
wheels of Government, and throwing the responsi-
bility upon those gentlemen at once wno were em-
barrassing almost every measure that was biougn
forward by either party, by an ostentatious parale
of a botsttul economy, and a most mdisciimmiie
censure of every public officer. Why, sir, >aid
Mr. B. do gentlemen not know, from the very na-
ture of thing , that as long as you have a Govern-
ment, yon must have officers, lor it is of nnh that
Governments c insist, and can gentlemen expect
that Governments can be sustained and carne 1 on
in all their opeiations without expense or money,
and those officers are to serve without pay for their
services'! Such an idea appeared to him a preposteri us
absurdity—yet one might well inter this, <iom Ihe
tenor of the remarks of gentlemen and thcr course
on this fljor. Gentlemen ought to recollect, tha'
in a short mm n, the) would have an opportunity
of trying how far it was practicable to carry on this
Government without either rfficers or money
They should recollect too, that they should be tried
by the same rule winch they lail down for the
trial of o'h"is. He was not prepared to say ho v
far the conduct if th > Clerk of the Hou^e had
been proper or improper, upon that subject we had
contradictory evidence from the members of the
same committee, who processed to know mes' abuut
it, m fa-vor of fact, there were two to one in fai or of
the pioper conduct of the Clerk of the Hou e—yet
it appeared that the House was w?s called upon,
and by those too who appeared to knov th  "cast
about it, to cast an unmerited censure «pop the
Clerk, and this too upon the most insufficient evi-
SIGNAL GLOBE.
dence of hearsay Wow, this was the princi-
pal subject that he had risen to notice, and
against the course pursued in relation to
it, he entered his most solemn protest—
a course that had been adopted during this and the
last Administration against the public officers of
every department of the Government, which, in
his judgment, was as unjust (he would not say dis-
honorable) as it was illiberal and unstatesman-
likc Sir, said he, what was that course that had
become of late so much m practice in this House'
It was that the most inexperienced of the m mber«,
who had not been in their seat- long enough to bi-
corne acquainted with the most ordinary modes of
the transaction of buslines'!, either by the ofhcis
of the House or the heads of the Depigments,
had attempted to make themselves leudéis of
their respec ive parties, by arraigning and de-
nouncing every officer in your Government for
corrup ion, misstatement, malfea~3nc , &c arising,
nine times out of ten, out of their own w mt of ex-
perience upon those sulj c!s, an J tue-ir ina-
bility to understand them Such has been emphati-
cally the case pursued in this House for the last se«
veral years, by which your old, experienced, g'ay-
haired men, have been thrown entirely in the
back grounds, or they have been wofully
derelict and negligent in their duty to their con-
stituent, and some of your best public rffi-
cers have been condemned by the potblic wi h-
out a hearing, and before b'ing called on even
for the slightest explanation, which m ght have
been the tulkst justification of th"ir staiemen's and
conduct and thus have gone ab'oad many of the
most unfounded ant unjust impm-t ons against ihe
best of men, without a coniridic'ion He pu' 1 to
the candor of gent'emen,if such a course «as fa r?
Was it honorab'e'i Wis it JU4 or s-'atesmnnhke'
Would it not be revisited on gentlemen with re'ri-
but ve justice? and, if so, cou'd they, with any
grace, complain'!
Again, he contended th it it was a prac ice lo h
unsta esmanlike and unparliamentary—of recent
date, adopted lo effet t party purposes Hereiurcre,
it had been ihe case vth-n the conduct of an officer
was impeached or assailed, a special committee
was appointed to examine into, and report the fvt
to the House, or ?n explanation called for b/ tne
House from the -cruced, before eithei condemna-
tion or denunciation by the members of this body.
by whom he was to be 'ned But how diffeientnov,
when condemnation and denunciation always pre-
cedes either trial, explanatim m'justification, or de-
fence, andconvicuoii is entered upon some seconder
third handed hearsttyl For instance, youi Cierk is
ordered to supply materials for stationery 10 this
House It is presumible that he does it at as iea-
snnable a Mt  as the nature of the ca^e admits of
Af er it is done some " Yankee nutmeg ttviktt," pei-
haps, writes to some >nei <b r of the Horse tnai bad
he been applied to, or elected Cleik to tne Home,
he would have furnished UVse matemls at a mu"h
cheaper rate than your piesent C erk his furnished
them. Without doubling this statement—without
calling on >our Clerk for any explanation—with-
out calling < n a committee to report the facts to
the House, you rail up your Clerk, nth a charac-
ter heretofore unimp<,aehed and unimpeachable,
and upon such evidence denounce, censure, and
convict him Sir, against the adoption of sueh a
course against any officer, I protest, as being crue',
unjust, and tyianmcal it was a practice repug-
nant to every pnncinle of liberty, an 1 could only
be toleiated by usurpers and tyrants
Mt EVANS contended that this fund ( h  esti-
mates for which had already been reduced «525,000
by the Committee of Ways and Mt iris) was not
more than sufficient to meet the demand! tint would
be made upon 11, and he repudiated, ivtn much
anwiaUon, the charges whicn the Uo'ise made
asamst itself vs. thí shape of conuption and
plunder.
He did notsay there might nothavbern nidii 1 \or\
muancescf abuse. If any man has been «riulty oí that,
it was his own matter But he did not believe that
the nnjust appropriations of stationery amounted,
in a Ions session, to more than three thousand dol-
lar*!. His experience was that there was no such
waste, and plundering, and extravagance as they
were charging themselves with He was opposed
to striking out the appropriation, it was no more
than was necessary. The estimate, as he had
stated, had already been reduced $25,000 m the
Committee of Ways, and Means, and that, he
thought, was what the Secretary ot the Treasury
would call a very "vigorous reduction." It gen-
tlemen were wiling to dispense with stationery al-
te gether, so was be—vastly more willing than he
was to receive $20 for his ¿hire, or to put a law
upon the statute book denouncing themselves.
Mr MONROE thanked the gentleman from
Mame [Mr. Evans] for his speech, it con'amed
precisely his own sentiments, though much better
expressed. Tne gentleman ele erred the thanks of
this Hou^e for 'he manner in which he had vmdi
cat d bis character ard dignity.
Mr UNDERWOOD replied to Mr Eva js, ex.
plaining and vindicating his own course, and con-
tending that that gentleman'-, argument amounted
only to thi —'tt us not put this thing on the statute
books, if we are guilty of the e offences, let not the
eveot any man see it He could assure the gen-
tleman that tne people were not ignorant of these
matters—that they were turning their attention to
them, it was a miftak t3 ^uppo-e that thes 
things weie too trifling to demand attention.
Nothing could be so which involved an abuse of
the people's money. He denied that he had said or
done any thing calcula'ed to reflect upon any
man He hid denounced no o se as a plunderer.
He had merely suggested to tin? gentleman from
Indiana [Mr Proffitj a way b/ which the abuse
could be remedied.
The question was discussed further by Messrs.
TILL1NGHAST,  EVERETT, ard LINCOLN.
Mr L'NCOLN said that, on suoseqifn' exami-
nation, he found thi* his or gmal motion was the
piop«r one, and again no'¡fieri h s proposition so
as to reduce the Horn iiom tj'25,000 to $15 000, (1 e .
striking out All trial inx, eppucab e to the next ses-
sion of Congress )
And the question beirg taken, Uk* amendment,
thus modified, was agreed to
So the item was reduced from §25 000 to §15,000
Mr. CURTIS then moved that the committee
rue
The motion having prevaled, the committee
rose, repoited progress, «;nd obtaine-i leave to sit
again.
Mr   BURKE offtied the fo lowing resolution:
Rcsrhed, That the special commi'tee, eppomted
by order oí the Houm  at the iast season on the
subject of stat'onery, ?nd th" memorial of the
Cleik, be re-appointe 1
Mr ST\NLY-ai' h  had Svme'hmg to say in
relation to ihe drin*-. <r tU" cojimitte'' proposed
to be levivei, a-d wmc'-i be should take an oppjr-
tunty of saying wn n th  re 0 ution came up for
ctPsidera ion
And the Hci e adjourned tdl to-mcroiv at 11
o'cloc c.
IN SENATE
Friday, February 12
Mi. CLAY of Alabirra pre^n'cd th" preden-
tin of the Honoraole WILLIAM R KING,
(lecsd by the General As rmbly of the Sta e of
Alabama a Senat r 0 that State for six yea"--, from
the 4th of March nexf, when hio piespnt term will
expire, whi'-h were read
Mr. NORVELL pre^en'el th  petition if Mary
Robinson, praying for a 'pecia1 act of Congress í >r
her relief, w nch was ufared to h Commtt'ee on
P ivate Land C'-ums.
Mr. N also pr s n'el h<> m«m.'rial of Nathan
Thayer, which was referred to die Committee on
Pa tnts and the Patent Oili"?
Mr WIIlTE pusenttd the pe ition of Jacob
Baker and others, in lavor of toe pas-sge of
a general bankrupt law, which v-s ¡aid on the
tab'e.
M'. W also presented a metro ial of citizens of
Kosciusko coun'y, Ina'ina, praying forth" esta-
blishment of a man route, which was referred to
ihe Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PORTER presarte 1 two memotials from
citizens of Michigan for the establishment of post
