CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
routes; which were severally referred to the Corn-
mil tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. P. also presented a memorial of citizens of
Michigan, praying the passage of a general bank-
rupt law; which was laid on the table.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill au-
thorizing the Stales to tax any lands within their
limits sold by the United States, reported the same
without amendment, and with are commendation in
favor of its passaie.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, the papers in
the case of Samuel R. Slaymaker, and the bill for
his relief passed by the Senate at the last session,
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
The House bill making appropriation for the re-
lief of Revolutionary and other pen-ioners, was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Pbentiss, was taken up for consideration, and,
after a discussion, in which Messrs. PRENTISS,
KÍNG, HUBBARD, WHITE,SEVIER,SOUTH-
ARD, KNIGHT, and CLAYTON, participated,
it was agreed to.
Mr. KING- gave notice that to-morrow he would
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Ann
E. Clltherell.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills weie severally read a third
time and passed:
The bill to authorize the granting letters testa-
mentary and of administration to aliens in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The bill for the relief of Sebastian Butcher, and
the heirs and iegal representative of Bartholomew
Butcher, Michael Butcher, and Peter Bloom.
The bill authorizing a patent to be issued to Jo-
seph Campau for a certain tract of land in the State
of Michigan.
The bill confirming to Joseph Kennedy, assignee
of Cornelius MeCurtin, his title to an island in the
Tensaw river, in the State of Alabama.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Ma-lame De
Lusser and their legal representatives.
The bill for the relief of Adam D. Steuart.
The. bill confirming the claim of the heirs and
legal representatives of Pierre Dolet, deceased, to a
tract of land in Louisiana.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT,the bill to authorize ,
the issue of Treasury no'es was taken up and con-/
sidered as in committee of the whole, and the!
question being on ordering it to a third readine,     I
Mr. BEN-TON said, he was willing to borrow
money tor the use of the Government, but not to
authorize it to make paper money; and he would
therefore call for the ayes and noes, which were
accordingly ordered.
The question was then taken on ordering the bill
to a thirdreadiog, and decided in the affirmative—
ayes 29, nays 9, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Bayard, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Dixon, Ful-
ton, Graham, Hubbard, Ker, King, Knight, Linn,
Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholson, Norvell, Porter,
Rives, Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Indiana,
Tallmadge, Wall, 'Webster, Willianu, Wright,
and Young—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Henderson, Mangum,
Smith of Connecticut, and White—9.
Mr. HUBBARD then moved that the bill be put
upon its passage; and no objection bintig made, it
was so ordered; and the yeas and nays being or-
dered, and the question about to be taken, Mr.
CLAY of Kentucky assigned his reasons for voting
against the bill, and was replied to by Mr.
WRIGHT, and a debate ensued, in which Messrs.
BENTON, CALHOUN, PRESTON, DiXON,
HUBBARD, KNIGHT.HENDERSON.WHÍTE,
and SMITH of Indiana participated, when the ques-
tion was taken on the passage of the bill, and de-
cided in the affirmative—ayes 28, nays 8, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay of Alabama, Dixon, Ful on, Graham, Hub-
bard, Ker, King, Knight, Linn, Lumpkin. Nichol-
son, Norvell, Pierce,  Porter, Rives,  Roane, Ro-
binson, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, Wall,
Webster, Williams, Wright, and Young—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Henderson, Mangum, Preston, and
White—8.
The VICE PRESIDENT submitted to the Se-
nate a message from the President of the United
States, in reply to the resolution of the Senate of
the 5th instant, requesting him to communicate to
the Senate.if not deemed incompatible with thepub'ic
interest,the correspondence, if any, between the State
Department and the representatives of any foreign
Government relative to the negroes taken on board
the L'Amistad, which has occured since that trans-
mitted with his message of the 21st March, 1840.
The message was ordered to be printed.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, m reply to a resolution of the Senate in rela-
tion to the losses sustained by the Government from
the use of bank paper; which was ordered to be
printed, with 20,000 extra copies.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, in relation to the value of foreign coins; which
was ordered to be printed.
The Senate then adjourned to Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. ,
Friday, February 12, 1840.
After the journal had been read,
Mr. GUSHING, from the Joint Committee ap-
pointed on the part of the House to wait on Wil-
ium Henry Harrisokt, of Ohio, and inform him
of his election to the Presidency of the United
States, reported: That the committee had waited on
the President elect, and informed h'm of the result
of the vote; w! en he replied, that he received this
manifestation of the confidence of his countrymen
with profound gratitude, and that he would ear-
nestly devote himself to the discharge of the duties
imposed on him, by endeavoring to promote ihe
union and welfare of the country, according to his
best abilities.
Mr. BURKE, in pursuance of notice, offered
by following resolution:
Resolved, That the special committee appointed
the order cf the House, at the last session,  on  the
subject of  stationery, and  the memorial  cf the
Cleric, be reappointed.
Objection being made,
Mr. BURKE moved a suspension of the rules,
and on that motion demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and being taken, the motion
was negatived.
Mr. JONES ef Virginia then moved that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose* of re-
suming the consideration of the
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On this motion the yeas and nays were demand-
ed, and being ordered, were—yeas 65, nays 84.
So the House refused to go into committee.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The first business in order was  the Senate bill
(teported from the Committee on the Public Lands
by Mr. Críry, on Wednesday, with several amend-
ments) entitled, "An act to authorize the Legisla-
tures of the  Siates of Arkansas, Louisiana, and
Te^nesste, to sell lands heretofore appropriated for
the use of fchools in those States."   Ttie  question
pending was on the motion of Mr. Peck to commit
the bill, wuh the amendments, to the Committee of
the ¡Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PECK modified ihe motion, so that the bill,
as amended, be printed and laid upon the table for
the present, for the purpose of giving members an
opportunity cf examining it; which was agreed to.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill from
the Senate, entitled "An act tor the relief of cer-
tain settlers on the public lands, who were deprived
of the benefits of the act granting pre-emption
right*, which was approved on the 19th of June,
1834," reported the sime without amendment: laid
on the table.
Mr. L, also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the Senate, entitled ''An
aet supplementary to an act entitled, 'An act to en-
courage the introduction and promote the cultiva-
tion of tropical plants,' approved 7th July, 1838,"
reported the same, without amendment; and the
bill was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. CASEY, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the Senate, entitled "An
act supplementary to the act entitled, 'An act for
the discontinuance of the office of Surveyor Gene-
ral in the several districts, so soon as the surveys'
therein can be completed; for abolishing land of-'
rices under certain circumstances; and for other
purposes,' approved June 13, 1840," reported' the
same, with' an amendment: referred to th« Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, from the same com-
mittee, to which was referred the bill from the Se-
nate, entitled "An act to relinquish to the State of
Mississippi the two per cent, fund accruing by the
act for the admission of said State into the Union,"
reported the same without amendment.
Before the question was decided, the hour al-
lowed for reports expired.
And then, on motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the
rules were suspended so as to continue to receive
reports from committees; and the bill reported by
Mr. Thompson of Mississippi again coming before
the House, it was committed to the Committee
of the Whole on ths state of the Union.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill from
the Senite, entitled "An act for the benefit of the
Selma and Tennessee railroad," reported the same
with sundry amendment's; which was committed to
the whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. JOS. L. WILLIAMS, from the Committee
on the Po^t Office and Post Roaiis, to which was
referred the petition of sundry citizens of Maples-
ville, Bibb county, Alabama, praying compensa-
tion sufficient to seevre the services of a postmaster
to periorm the extraordinary duties required at that
office, made an unfavorable report thereon: laid on
the table.
Mr. J03. L. WILLIAMS, from the same com-
mittee, made an unfavorable report upon the peti-
tion of Samuel &uarles: laid on the table.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill from the Senate, entitled
"An aet for the relief of Avery, Saltmarsh and
Company," reported the same without amendment:
committed to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. H. from the same committee, made an un-
favorable report on the petition of Allen Sammons,
of the State of Tennessee: laid on the table.
Mr. McKAY, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill from the Senate, enti-
tled "An act for the relief of Francis A. Harrison,"
reported the same without amendment: committed
to a Committee of the Whole House.
On motion of Mr. McK. the same committee
was discharged from the further coniideration of
the petition of John Prack; and the petition was
laid on the table.
Mr. McCARTY, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill .making an
appropriation for the Island Fire Company; which
was read a first and second time, committed to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. McC. from the same committee, reported a
bill to provide for the sale of the real es'ate of in 
fanis, ¡a certain cases; which was read a first and
second lime, and committed to a Committee of the
Whole IX• use, and ordered to be prinied.
Mr. McC. from th= some committee, reported a
bill to provide for the arrest and detention of, and
demand of fugitives from justice; which was read:
referred to the Committee oa the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAM COST JOHNSON, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief of
Caspar W. Weaver; which was read a first and
second :ime, committed to a Committee of the
Whole Hou;e, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BEÍRNE, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bul from the Senate, en
titled "An act to extend th<2 charter of the Bank of
Alexandria, in the city of Alexandria," reported
the same without amendment: committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole Hou*e.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the same committee, to
