CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
James Murray; which reports were ordered to lie
upon the table, and be printed.
On motion of Mr NATHANIEL JONES, the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims- was dis-
charged from the further con idciadon of the peti-
tion of the heirs of F. W. !?mi h, late a lieutenant
in the army; and the same was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. ELY, from the Committee on Revolutiona-
ry Ciairas, to which was referred the petition of the
representatives of L''eut. Ri;:nol Hillary, made a
report thereon, accompanied by a bill for their re-
lief; wh'ch was read twice, committed to a Com- '
mittee of ¡he Whole Houje, and older..d to be
prm'ed.
Mr. ELY, from the sam.3 committ.-e, to which
was referred the petition of the representatives of
Nathaniel Irish, made a report thereon, accompa-
nied by a bill for their relief; read twice, commit-
ted to a Committee of the Whole House, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. ELY, from the same committee, made on-
favorable reports upjm the petitions of Marcus
Brown, the heirs of Capt. Joseph Michaux, and
Nathan Williams: laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. ELY, the same committee
were discharged from the further consideration of
the petitions of Margaret Chapen and George
Frisbie; and said petitions were laid on the table.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the same committee,
made unfavorable reports upon the petitions of the
heirs of Jonathan Snowdcn, Catharins Telfair,
daughter of Captain Isaiah Wool, and the heirs
of Wood Jones; wnich reports were laid on the
table.
On motion of Mr. PARMENTER, the same
committee were discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Thomas Keates; and
the same was referred to Ihe Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the same committee,
to which was referred the petition of the heirs of
Colonel Thomas Knowlton, made a report thereon,
accompanied by a bill to authorize the payment of
the seven years' half pay, due on account of the
services of Thomas Knosvlton, deceased, in the
war of the Revolution: lead twice, and committed
to a Committee of the Whob Hou?e.
Mr. HALL, from the same committee, made an
unfavarable report upon the petition of the heirs of
Ephraim Boweu; wh ch ¡cpoit was cornmat.d to a
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. HALL, ¡rem the same committee, made un-
favorable reports in the casts of Ed sard R. Lau-
rens, administrator of Thomas Ruiledge; oi Henty
Hobson, legatee of Joseph Hobson, deceased; of
the heirs of John Godtii, deceased; of the heirs of
Robeit Vance, deceased; of the heirs of Dr.
Charles Taylor; oí the heir  of Angustia Wiilettj
which reports were severally oidered to he on the
ta'-le.
Mr. MONTGOMERY, from the same commit,
tee, made unfavorable report? in the c .ses of the
heirs of Richard Chenowe h, dicca^ed; on the peti-
tion of the heirs of Samuel J. Axton; on the n?tim.n
of Humphrey Willard; on the petition ot Jotiah
Briscoe; which reports were ordered to He on the
table.
Mr. MONTGOMERY, fritn the Revolutionary
Committee, made a report i-p--n the petMion of the
heirs of Richard Saubrick, accompanied by a bill
for their relief; which bill was read twice aid com-
muted to a Commute? of th  Whole House.
On motion of TRIPLET?, the same committee
was discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of John iMaddox; and t:.e same was
referred to the Committee en Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the Committee
on Private Land Claims was discharged from, the
fatther consideration of the petition of the heirs
of Majir General Duportail, Brigadier General
Armand, and Major Da la Combe; and the same
were referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
Mr. CALHOUN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, made a report upon the petition
of Obed P. Lacey, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; read twice and committed.
Mr. VROOM, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill from the Senate, en-
titled "an act to continue in forre the act for the
the final adjustment of private land claims in Mis-
souri, approved 9th July, 1833, and the act sup-
plementary tkereto, approved 21 March, 1833,"
reported the same without amendment: com-
mitted.
Mr. JAMESON, from the same committee, to
was referred the bill from the Seriate, entitled "an
act for the relief of Jean Raptiste Comeau," re-
ported the same without amendment: committed.
Mr. J. from the same Committee, made a report
upon the petition of James Port Muse in the ri?ht
of h.s house, reported a bill to confirm Margaret
Adnlaide Muse in her claim to a ceiUin tract of
land m the State of Louisiana; read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. DELLETT, from the same committee,
made a report upon the petition of Valerain Al-
laitie, accompanied by a bill for his relief: read
twice, and comm tted.
Oa motion of Mr. DELLETT,
Ordered, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of Samuel Norris and Frede-
rick Sdnsrain, and that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. D. from the same committee, reported back,
without amendment, S-nate bill entitled "An act
confirming to George Tucker, his heirs or assigns,
a certain tract of land in Alabama: committed to
a Committee of the Whole Heuse to-morrow.
Mr. D. also reported back to the House, Senate
bill entitled "An act for the relief of Chas. Mor-
gan of Louisiana, without amendment: committed
to a Committee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. SOARDMAN, from the same committee,
made an unfavorab c report upon the peti'ion of
Narcissa Carmoueh; which report was ordered to
He upon the table.
On motion of Mr.BOARDMAN,
Ordered, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be di-charged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of Robert Graham, and that the
peti'ior.erb.ave leave to withdraw'the same.
Mr. CROSS, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Jacob Thomas, made
an unfavorable report thsreon; which report was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. C from the saras co.raniitee, also reported
back to the House, without amendment, Senate bill
entitled "An act to authoize the iisuinir of a pa-
teat to the heirs or legal representatives of Fran-
cis Rivau'l, deceased:" committed to Committee of
the Whole.
On motion of Mr. WICK,
Ordered, Trial the Committee on Private Land
Claims be d^charged from ¡he further considera-
tion oí the petition of Peter Rmdon, and that it
be laid upon the tab'e.
On reports be'ng calljd from the Committee on
Manufactures,
Mr. ADAMS, after some brief remarks in reli-
lition to iti;" bill heretofore repoited by that com-
mittee for preventing fraud? in the collection of the
reie.iae, moved that said bill be made the special
order '"or the 2id instant.
On the question being taken, it was decide i in
the negative, as follows—yeas 66, nays 59, not
two-thirds.
On motion of Mr- BELL,
Ordered, That the Committee on Indian Affairs,
to which was referred Senate bit! entitled "An aet
for the relief of ihe legal representatives of Nathan
Pryor, deceased, be ditcbarged from the further
e^risid'eration thereof, and that if be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to which was referred the Senate bill entitled
'An act for the relief of Gordon S. Hubbard, Ro-
bert H. Ktnzte, and others, reported the same with-
out amendment.
Mr. GOGGIN.from the Commitee on Military
Affairs, made reports adverse to the following pe-
titions, viz: Of Mrs. Frances Barr, for compensa,
tion for the services of her husband in the late
war; of Mrs. Frances P. Gardiner, the wife of
Captain G. W. Gardiner, for the renewal of pen-
sion; of Mrs, Rosanna McConn, for five years'
half pay, etc. on account of the service  of her
husband, a soldier of the late war with Great
Britain; which reports were laid on the table, and
ordered to be piinted.
Mr. G. also, from the same commitee, made a
report adverse to the petit:on of Henry Rogers and
Wi'liam Rogers, asking the passage of an act of
Congress to enable them to surrender a military
land warrant, and to receive half pay for their
fathet's services; laid en the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. G airo asked that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
moiialof Eikanah Watson, setting forth the ad-
vantages to the United Sta'es of a railroad for mi-
litary purposes from Port Kent, on Lake Cham-
plain, to Ogdensburg, in New York. Committee
dtschsried.
Mr. G. also reported a bill for the relief of Gene-
ral Daniel Parker. Laid on the table, ordered to
be printed, and made the order of the day for to-
morrow.
On motion of Mr. SUMTER,
Oidered, That the Committee on Military Affairs,
to whi'h was referred the petition of Gonom and
Monrose, in relation to the system of telegraphs,
be discharged from the further consideration thereof;
and that it be laid upon ths table,
Mr. KEMBLE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which the subject was referred, made a
report, accompanied by a bill to authorize the en-
listment of boys in the army of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole.
Mr. K. also repoited a joint resolution fer print-
ing map of Northwest Territory; which was read
a first and second time and committed.
Mr. K. also reported a bill, accompanied by a
repor', to reimburse the State cf Vermont for ser-
vices of her militia; read twice and committed.
Mr. K. also reported a bill to authorize the en-
listment of militia in Florida for one year; which
was twice read and committed.
Mr. W. 0. BUTTLER presented additional tes-
timony in the ca<es of Susan Foster, Rebecca Mc-
Pherson, and Mariha Conly; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Peasios?.
Mr. B. also reported a bill appropriating $10,000
for the repair of the buildings, and the purchase
of ad Jitiona.1 around at the Newport barracks, in
the St ;te of Kentucky; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. MONTANYA, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, made an unfavorable report upon the
petition of M.iry B. Babson, daughter of Nathaniel
Ha^idi-n; laid on the table.
Mr. M. also, from the sime committee, made a
report uoon the petition of Jeseph Morreil, accom-
panied by a bill for bis relief; read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. DICKERSON, from the saiae committee,
made unfavorable repoptsupon the petitions of Sa-
rah A. BjCoo, widows of Federick A. Bicon; Jas.
Bat ron, and James Jackson of England; laid on
the tabic.
Mr. REED, from the same committee, made a
report up-.-n the petition of James Glynn and
o:he>s, accompanied by a bill for their relief; read
twice and committed.
Mr, BROCKWAY, from the same committee,
made a rfport upon the petition of Mary Ripley,
widow of Jases Ripley, accompanied by a bill; read
twice and committed.
Mr. CUSHING, from the Committee on Foreign
AiUirs, to which was referred the bill from the Se-
nate entitled "An act to regulate commercial" m-
terc.uise with the port of Cayenne, in the colony
of French Guiana, and to remit certain duties,"
repotted the same, without amendment: commuted
to a Committee oi the Whole on the state of the
Union.                                     _ ,
On motion of Mr. CUSHING, it was
Resolved, That the Presidant of the United States
be reques-ted, if ia his judgment not incompatible
with the public service, to communicate to this
House the documents and other information in
possession of Ihe Eicecutive, regarding the claims
of the united S'ates on the Government of Hayii.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
