íes
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Foreign Affairs, made an unfavorable report upon
the petition of Alexander Scott, which was laid
on. the table
Mr. PICKENS, from the same committee, re-
ported, without amendment, Senate bill entitled,
"An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to refund the duties collected on the French ship
Alexandre-" committed to a Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. CLIFFORD, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill "making further provision for the ex-
ploration and survey of that part of the Northeast-
ern boundary line of the United States which sepa-
rates the States of Maine and New Hampshire from
the British Provinces:" read twice, and committed
to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on the
Territories, made a report, asking leave to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of the citizens of Jacksonville, East Florida,
for a renewal of their city charter: laid on the ta-
ble.
Also, a report from the same committee, asking
leave to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of J. H. Bronson, B. B Gould,
and Joseph S. Sanchez, for changing the place o£
holding criminal courts: laid on the table.
Also, a bilí authorizing the Legislative Council
of Florida to change the time of meeting of the
council: read twice, and committed.
Also, a bill authorizing the adjustment of losses
sustained by citizens of Flonda in 1811, by tbe
Unitad States troops, read twice, and committed.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, frem the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions-, to which was referred
Senate bills of the following titles, -viz:
An act granting a pension to Lemuel White;
An aot for the relief of Samuel Collins;
An act for the relief of David Waller;
An act for the relief of Joseph Bassetl,
An act for the relief of Many Brettyman;
reported the same without amendment, which said
bills were severally committed.
Mr. T.jrom the same committee, to which was
referred the bill from the Senate entitled "An act
for the relief of Margaret Barnes, widow of Elijah
Barnes, reported the same with amendments, com-
mitted.
Mr. BROCKWAY, from the same committee,
to which was referred the petition of Phillis Taitón,
made   report thereon, accompanied by a bill foi
her relief: read twice, and committed.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the same committee,
made unfavorable reports upon the petitions
of Polly Downing, Mary Adams, Maiy Pike,
Rswland Ledbetter, William Aiiglea, Ebentzer
Johnson, Conrad Widrig, John Latham, Samuel
Edgecomb, Thomas Butman, Matthew Boughton,
Margaret Glencer, and Edward Brooks laid on
the table.
Mr. HAND, from the <ame committee, reported
bills for the relief of Elizabeth Bishop, Nathan
Baldwin, and Mary Reed, formerly widow of
Francis Ryan, accompanied by arepoitm each
case; which bills were read t.vicc, and com-
mitted.
Mr. H. from the same committee, reported
adversely upon the petitions of Miry Hitchcock,
Daniel McCarty, John Clark, and John B. Fulkt:
laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. H. the ame committee were
discharged from the further consideration ol the
petitions of Jemima Bisbe, John Grigsby, and
Squire Ferris, and they were laid on the table
Mr. EDWARD DAVIS, from the sime com-
mittee, reported bills for the rebel of Samuel
Patch, and the beirs of Joseph Plumb, accompa-
nied by a report m each case, which bills were
read twice, and comim ted.
Mr. PEQK, from the same committee, repened
bills granting an increase cf pension to L>dia
Hoard, and granting a pension to Sarah Decker,
accompanied by a report in each case, winch bil s
were read twice, and committed
Mr. PECK, from the same cormnitke, reported
adversely upoa the pelwons of K <-im Ronsom;
Henry Andrews, widow oí Henry Biacl b\ re, pnd
Samuel Campbell; which reports were laid upon
the table.
On motion of Mr. ANDREWS, the same com-
mittee were discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petitions of Benjamin Gallop and Wil-
liam Moore; George W. Kelly; Elizabeth Gibb%
Daniel Ingolls, and Hannah B.anch; which were
laid on the table
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported the following bills,
viz-
A bill for the relief of John Black;
A bill for the relief of John Hogg;
A bill for th" relief of Sarah Adams, formerly
widow of John Greene;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Woodard,
A bill for the relief of Mercy Lord,
which  were read twice,  and committed  to   the
Committee of the Whole
On motion of Mr. CARR, the «ame committee
were discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of Catherine Vanderbelt, Thomas
Brown, Barbara Forbes; Thomas Harvey; and
George S. Hawkins; and the latter petitions were,
on his motion, referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. TALIAFERRO, leave w  
given to Rebecca McCaun, and the heirs of David
Brooks, to withdraw their papers.
On motion of Mr OSBORNE, leave was given to
Susin Ellwood to withdraw her p°tit'on.
On motion of Mr. HAND, leave was gtvtn to
Damel J Taylor to withdraw his ptt tion from the
files of ihe Hous 
Mr CALVARY MORRIS, from  the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, reporttd without amend
ment the bill fr«m the Senate, entitled "An act for
the rehe of John McNeil." committed  to a Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. CALVARY MORRIS, frrm the same com-
mittee, reported bills for the relief of William R.
Jaynes, Daniel Dunham, and Wilfred Knott, ac-
companied by a bill m each ca^e, except Daniel
Dunham, which bills were read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr CALVARY MORRIS, from the s?me com-
mittee, reported adversely upon the p tit'en of Pe-
ter Houston, li d on the t ibk
On motion ot Mi C M the same committee
were düehargf (I fiom ¡he furthn consideratien of
the petition of Wi'liam Cunningham, Laid on the
table.
On motion of Mr STRONG, tac in e com-
nnt<ee were discharged fiom the fu ther considera-
tion of the petitions of Chr stophu Lambert, Con-
rad Hertv, David Penhailow, and Asa Detrtngton,
and the said petitions wer  laid on 'he table
Mr S from tbe same committee, rtported ad-
versely upon the petitions of Elizabeth Shame, and
Hugh Niullay, laid on the table
Mr S In rn the same committee, reported bills
for the relief <f Daniel Chase, John Hicks, and Sa-
muel B Hugo, accompanied by a bill in each case,
read twiee and committed.
Mi. DOAN, from the same committee, made ad-
ver e reports upon the petitions of Philip Aespach,
Reuben M Gtbbs, Jacob Millet, and William
Stmms; laid on the table
On monon of Mr. D the «ane committee were
discharitd tiom the further c >ns derruí r. of the pe-
lion i. f John Godfrey, an i the petition was Hit in.
th<   table.
Mr EDWARÜ3, fiom the same commjuee, re-
poit il bill, fi i toe relief of Jonathan B an, Fiel I-
íiig Pratt, and George Hnmmell, accompam «J by
a bill in e-"ch e<-o , wa ch bill. were mice it«d srd
com mit'ed
Mr E from the «ame committee, malead c—"
reports upon lh" p tit < ns of Ellen A Sen nnck,
C iffin Saubi rn Vü?g Fallmi , Moses Archer, and
William N< otigu, v hie'i wire la'd on ti e taole.
Mr DOAN, from the sar"e <o nru'tee, repoittd
hills for ih  rel ef of Samuel D cy ard Huah Wal-
lace Warmley, aceomnam d by a mort m each
case, which biPs «eie tuice ral, and committed
Mr. CHITTENDEN, from the same committee,
íeported bil s for the 'e'ief of Tohn Piper ^ni Wil-
liam Butterfield, accompany! f,y bilis n each case,
whica bilk were read twice, and ci mmitted.
Mr. C also, fiom the same committee, made ,id
verse reports upon the petitions of Dean'hd Thom-
son, widow of William Thomson, and Gideon A.
Perrj • laid on the table
Mr CHITTENDEN, free the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, made unfavorable reports upon
the petitions of Jeremiah Wright, Palmer Branch,
John Aston, John Johnson, Natl aniel Davis, John
Spear, and James Bailey; which reports were or-
dered to he upon the table.
Mr. C. also made a report upon the petition of
Benjamin Hunt, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief, which was read tv/ice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. CHITTENDEN, the Com-
m'ttee on Invalid Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Mary
Davenport, and it was referred to the Committee
oa Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. S W MORRIS, from ths same committee,
repoited sundry bi'ls, viz:
A bill for trie relief of Neil Shannon;
A bill for the relief ot Levi M Roberts,
A bill for the relief of Josiah Westlake; and
A bill for the relief of Lyman M. Cooke;
accompanied by a report in each case; which bills
were severally read twice, and committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole
Mr. S. W. MORRIS abo made unfavorable re-
ports upon the petition? of Elisha Plumb, John
Steer, George Miller, William Parkei, a Senaca
Indian, Robert Marshall, Benjamin Walker, and
Betsy D. Bu&irk; which reports were ordered to
he upon the taole
On motion of Mr S W. MORRIS, the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
fmther consideration of the petitien of Robert
Achean, and the petition was ¡efer.ed to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands
Mr UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Road? and Canal , to which was referred Senate
bill ent tied "An act making appropriation to com-
plete the removal of the raft of Red river, and foi
other purposes, reported the same without amend-
ment, which was committed to the Committee of
die While
Mi. HOPKINS, (in behalf of Mr Jjmes Gar-
lind, who is confined by sickness,) from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, reported a b II to continue
in force the first section of an act entitled "An act
to ex end the tim° for locating Viigmii military
land warrants a.id returning survtys thereon to
'he General Lai.d Oftbe," approved July 7, 1838,
which bill was read twice, and committed to the
Committee of thf Whole.
On motion of Mr G 1LBRA.ITH, the Commit-
tee of ihe, While was disthuged from the conside-
ration ot t'e b 11 rndttin? an appropriation for the
improvement ot the navigation of toe Alleghany
rivet, betwtcn Putsburg and Olean, and the bill re-
ferred to a CoMtnitiee of the Whole on ihe state of
the Union, and oidered tobe printed.
Mr BEATTY, from the Committee on Paten's,
reported back Sinate bill entitled "An act m addi-
tion to an act to promo e tne progress of the useful
arts," withcut amendment, which was committed
to a Comm.ttee of the Whole
Mi. B. al-o reported Senate bill, without amend-
ment, enttll d Hiuc to mike certain appropna>
tons for ihe P-tintOffice," uh'ch was committed
to j Committer of the Whole ori the s ate of the
Union
Mr B alaimidca report on the petition of
John Pettibone, ac-oropaaie I by a bill to extend
ih  patent beteto'ore gran'ed to Dai lei Pettibone,
which wat, re«1 twice, and cummut d to a Com-
mi'tee of th° Whrle
Mi LEONARD, from ihe CocmiUee on Pub-
ic Bailiinys and G'tunds, male a rep ut upon the
petition of Hugh Stewar', ace mpanud by a bill
forhisieh f, which was r a 1 tw^e, and committed
U> a Committee of the Wh le
On mut oí of Mr L the Cn.nm.ttec on Public
Buildings mkI G,.Uid was di-enarteJ fiom the
furlner eon-, dention o the reutton of Samuel
Atch ssoo, iu d t v> r icr-ed'o the Comm.ttee for
th  Di ¡net if Col n>' a
On rn ho   ot Mr   L   ih    iff  commit ee was
di charge!   inn ile  fur h r ron-ileranon cf the
petm-n oi A   v? D nhara. and it was lata upon
the UDl .
Mr L fiom the same committee, reported a jom
