173
■ l.          ■" u  ■ .    .-~rr?=s.— .-                   -----......... .------------
sue with Great Britain, which we voluntarily tender
to her, and which, in my opinion, she has a light
to lake up en the instant.
But, Mr Speaker, there are considerations con
nected with the honor and dignny of the State of
New York, and.with the administration of justice
within her borders, that demand onr attention On
a former occasion I stated on this floor that the per-
son whose life was in jeopardy would receive at
the hands of a jury of New York the same fair and
impartial trial which would be secured to any ci'i-
zen of that State who might be arraigned for a vi-
olation of its laws, but I mourn now to say tha*,
from present indications, there is an excitement on
the western Border of New Yolk, growirg out of
the arrest of this man, and of his liberation for the
moment, which is already sufficiently great to make
those who regard the In es and the liberties of the
people of this country pause before they ac* By
this time, t suppose, the grand jury of Niagara
county has closed its investigation The current
rumor through the newspapers of the day i , that
McLeod has been indicted. The people of that
section have been greatly mcersed by recent trans-
actions there. Send forth this paper to the world,
recommending nothing, and being nothing but a
detailed account of grievances against ihe British
Government, with a few hit  at whit may be pre-
sumed to be the arrogance ot her course, and no
man can answer for the consequences upon the life
of this man. I felt.it to be my duty to endeavcr to
postpone tms qu«-s> ion until the inal should have
passed I believed that the power of this country
could never be exercise! with a hieher gl ry to
itself, than when showing to the world tint whilst
it took the position which its honor demanded, still
that the humblest individual of this or any other
country, whose foot was upon our soil, should be
shielded by the mild, the just, and the impartial
operation of its laws I do not think that, without
any call from the Executive, without any thing
having been laid before the Committee en Fo-
reign Affairs but the paper-, relating to the libera-
tion of this man—I fay I do not think thit the
honor or dignity of this na'ion required that we
should send forth a declaiation, not only of the p ow-
css of Great Britain and of our humility, but of our
readiness to meelher at any moment, when no neces-
sity existed i or such a ihitai,and when die voice of
this House, speaking potentially to the nation,
might be considered as a wa chword by which
every man on the Norihern frontier was to guids
himself m hurrying on to execution th s su-=psced
foreigner. If he should be tried and found guilty,
let the penalty of the law be exaeted, and let the
people on the fremiti ot New Yoik, and the people
throughout the widest extremities of this land, be
prepared to meet ihe consequence. When those
consequences shall present themselies, not only
will the State of New YorK be rudjr to meet them,
but I feelsure that a patriotic ftilu g, which super
sedes all local questions and merits all political
difference-!, will rally this whole nation to the íescue
It will then be tirfie enough to act, but, in the name
of justice, let us not anticipate that event by in-
flaming the public mind, and adding to the horrors
oí war the consciousness tfiat we have interfered
with the impartial operation ot oar laws 01 trifled
wiih their supiemacy
Some conversation took place b-Ueen Messrs
AD4.MS, PICKENS, and GRINNfiLL, which
l exulted in a motion by
Mr. GRINNELL to a-nend the motion of Mr
Pickh.s, (which was, that he report bt lad on
the table ana printed, as above s at¿d,) so as to I?y
on the table the whole sut jeci, that was to say, the
report and Ihe motion to print tha report, &c and
on that mo ion Mr G a ked lor the yeas and n„ys,
which were oiderpd
Mr. PICKENS inquired of the Spi-akei whether
that motion closed the debate'
The SPEAKER renhel in th  affirmative
Some conversation ensued between various mem-
bers, when af division of ihe qajsticn was called
for.
Mr. BRIGGS suggested to Mr Ghinnell that
as he (Mr. B ) supposed no one wanted the jeas
and nays on the mosion to lay the report on the
table, it would saw time to withdraw the call ¿or j
them, so far as that part of the motion was affected
Mr GRINNELL having assented,
The question was taken, and the motion to lay
the report en the table prevailed without a division.
So the report was laid on the table.
The question then recurred, and was taken, on
the second part of the motion of Mr Grinnell—
to lay the motion to print the report on the table—
and it was decided in the negative—Yeas 77,
nays 110.
So the motion to print the report, &s. was not laid
on the table
And the question recurring on the amendment of
Mr Everett—
Mr. PICKENS slid he had a few icmarks to
make m reply to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr GaAKGEit]
That gentleman (continued Mr. P ) has deliver-
ed a tegular set speech, prepared toi ihe eccasion,
with tones as regular as if they had issued from a
bagpipe. He was the very last gentlsman heie,
judging from the sentiments he expressed a few
weeks ago, who, I should have supposed, would
have found his patriotism and his valor oozm  out
so soon from the palms of his hands. His speech,
in my opinion, is worthy of attention. His speaks
as one clothed with authority, and I regret very
much the course he has thought proper to pursue.
Mr. Speaker, I will declare to you and to this
Hojse that, so far from this report being the war
report, as the gent'eman from New York ha* cha-
racterized it, it is essentially the leverse. To speak
our «-entimen's plainly and fearle^ly before the
world—to declare hat we know our rights and dare
maintain them—must, m my judgment, have a ten-
dency directly the reverse oí tnat which the gentle-
man seems to anticipate.
He has spoken of this report in two points of
view. In the first place he asserts that the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affair-, have travell d out of the
record The subject-matter in rela'ion to the "Ca-
rolim." and to tne demand for the liberation of
McLeod, I cons der as having been actually and in
tact refeired to that committee They cou'd not
separate the tv o ca^es so as to present them m an
mtelbgible point of view to the coun'ry And does
he <ay th ,t that pait of the repoit is beyond the record
O hei matteis hive been mentioned as merely as
incidental, by way ot i lustraung the interest thrown
around thi  qut-tion, and with no intention to
arouse any hostile feeling m this or any other coun-
try. I deny t1 e impuiat on, thrown out by the
gentleman from New York, thit the report his ar-
rayed the strength of Great Britain and proclaimed
our own «e kiies<, or, as he terms it, our own hu
mility befóte the «odd. It does no such thing I
challenge the gentlem m to lay his finger, if he can,
upon A single sentence whici, even by inference,
pr< claims i ur we-a' nesc ei imbecility I thought it
was jroper to present the prcci e condition of
things to ihí- cmnt}, and I will heie take occa-
sion ti say that the repoit was written by myself,
without consultation with any human being, «-ave
the committee to whom it v. as presented. In draw-
ing it up, I looked oier the who'e subject mat er, I
looked at ih  g e?t interests involved, I looked at
the {osition in which jou, Mr Speaker, and this
He use, hid placed the Committee on Foreign Affairs
before t'ie nation and the world, and I felt it to be
a duty which I owed to this Honoe and to my coun-
t<y to utter freely and without íeserve the sentiments
w   entertained
The gentiem-in tells us that the Executive has
called tor i o action, that it ¡s due to the Ex'cutis-e
branch of the Government that this House shoull
wait urtil it hears from that quarter Sir, I take
the reverse of that position, I say that we were ci n-
stituted, under tha Fede al Constitution, as a co or-
dinate and independent branch of this Government,
that this House is, m the contemplation of that
Constitution, ihe pecu íar guardian of the mteres's
and the righ s of this Confederacy, and that when
any subj >ct maUer is legitimately brought before it,
it is not only our right, but it is cur duty to the Consti-
tution and 'o the country to proclaim our sentiments
upon it. I repel the idea that we are to look to the
Executive branch of this Government for dictation
or counsel upon any question that may be supposed
to involve the interests and the liberties of the peo-
ple.
But, Mr. Speaker, my principal object in reply,
ing to the remarks of the gentleman from New
York is to declare, as I have already done, that
this, so far from being a war report, is of a pre-
cisely contrary character. I had hoped that the
vote might have been taken silently, that the re-
port mignt have been laid on the table and printed,
tlut there should have bsen no panic, that no dis-
cussion should have sprung up, that no excitement
ca'cuiated to arouse the people of this country by
false appeals to their patriotism and their honor,
si.oald have been manifested here. But the Com-
mutee on Foreign Affairs have thought that it was
proper to present to ihe people the exact questions
at i«sue between us and a great and powerful na-
tion. We thought—or, at all events, so far as I
am com erned, I thougnf, that the people m every
part of the United States, and of every party, had,
for the last two years, been too much absorbed, in
the political conflicts of the day. I thought it was
right that the country should understand, in an au-
thentic form, the points at issue between us and
Great Bn ain, and, un-^er these circumstances, I
piesented this report, acting, as I do on all other
occasions, under a conscientious sense of my duty.
Yes—I was resolved 10 do m/ duty, leaving the
consequences to God. These are the principles
upon which I have been taught to act. And when
I hear from certain quarters appeals to the honor,
the patriotism, and the valor of the people of this
land—when I hear indirect annunciations made
that the accredited heads of this Government have
he etofore neglected their duty and slept on the
nqhts of the countiy—I have a right to expect that
those gentlemen who make such appeals and such
annunciations mil themselves come forward on
oeeasu ns ot importance, and vindicate the sentí
ments which they have previously uttered.
As to the allegation that this report will have the
effect of exctmg tha people on the border, I say I
should rather think its tendency would be the re-
ver-e The people there have been greatly excited;
meetings of an angry, unnecessary, and an un-
called ior character have taken place, and recom-
mendations were made, I will say, of unjustifiable
meetings in thia very case in relation to McLeod
These things have been done, and why? Because
the p ople have telt themselves wounded—they
have been led to believe that this Government was
neglecting their interests. They are under the be-
lief, whether right or wrong, that we have too long
trifled and dallied with their rights and feelings; and
if we piove to them that this is not true—that this
Government is disposed to attend to their interests
—to avenge their wrongs, and, if necessary, to
vindícate their right', they will once more look
here ior that protection which the Constitution has
pledged to them. Such a course will produce qmet,
will allay excitement, and will produce repose and
contentment on *hat extensive frontier, for it will
satisty the people that their rights will not suffer in.
the h mds of those who hold the reins of Govern-
ment here I will not go into any of those delieate
ma ters referred to m the report with a view to ex-
cite any feeling, but I here declare that its sole ob-
ject was la call public attention to tho«e questions
— o prepare the people for ihe issues, which might
uit mately piesent themselves, to holdup to them
th  necessity of going into an enl.ghtened system
of r.ational defence suited to the exigencies of the
times—sated to the improvements of the age, not
on'y with reference to Great Britain particularly,
but with reference to our rights and position as a
fiee and independent people among the family ot
nation I think that the e things have been too
lcng neglected, and it was with a view to call atten-
tion to them and to tne great questions in which the
people of this Confederacy are so deeply interested
that this report was made It was with no view to the
excitement of a wai feeling Far be it from me.
The section of the country from which I come is
direetly interested in the preservation of peace,
and we snould be tie last people to be urged into an
unnecessary or an unjustifiable war I do not be-
lieve there is any danger of war, if we do our du-
ty here, as the guardiass of the public honor and
the public liberty—if we show to the world we are
