congressional globe.                                   m
ton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Blackwell,
Brewster, Aaron V. Brown, Albert G. Brown,
Burke, Sam'l H. Buller, Carr, Carroll, Chapman,
Chittenden, Clifford, Connor, Mark A. Cooper,
William R. Cooper, Cranston, Crary, Davee, El-
ward Davies, John Davis, John W. Davis, Daw-
son, Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, East-
man, Ely, .Fine, Fisher, Floyd, Fornance, Gal-
braith, Girry, Graham, Griffin, Hand, John Hast-
ings, Hopkins, Hubbard, Jackson, Joseph Johnson,
Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones,
Keim, Kemble, K lie, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard,
Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCul'och,
McKay, Meredith Mallory, Mason, Medili, Miiief,
Montanya, Samuel W. Mortis, Newbard,Nisber,
Parish, Petrikm, Picket! s, Rives, James Rogers,
Samuel?, Snaw, Shepard, Albert Smith, John
Smith, Thomas "Smith, Starkweather, Sieenrod,
Strong, Sumter, Philip F. Thomas, Turney, Van-
derpoel, Vroom, David D. Wagener, Weller,
Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams, Jo-
seph L. Williams, C. H. Williams, and Worthmg-
ton—100.
And so the House refused to print the papsrs re-
lating to the subject.
The question then recurred on printing the report
of the committee.
Mr. T1LLINGHAST said at this stage he would
make a motion ¡hat had precedence of the previous
question. He moved to lay the motion to print on
the table. He did so that there might be an oppor-
tunity, before the report was ordered to be printed,
to alter some particular expressions and one or two
statements, which, with deference to the gentleman
from South Carolina, he would, if his motion pre-
vailed, point out for his consideration. If the alte-
rations were made, he should have no objection to
the printing.
The SPEAKER said the previous question had
been ordered on the whole, and it was too late, after
one pari of the question had been taken, to move
to lay on the table.
Mr. TÍLLINGHAST said he differed from the
Chair, as this was not a divided question, but a
separate question on each motion. However, he
would not trouble the House with an appeal.
The question was then put by yeas and nays,
and carried—yeas 103, nays 63, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Judson Alien, Anderson, Ather-
ton, Batiks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Blackwell,
Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V.Brown, AlbertG. Brown,
Burke, Sampson H. Butler, John Campbell, Carr,
Carroll, Casev, Chapman, Clifford, Connor, Mark
A. Cooper, Wm. R. Cooper, Crabb, Davee, John
Davis, Jthu W. Davis, Dk-kerson, Dellett, D an,
Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely,
Fine, Fisher, Floyd, Fornance, Galbraith, Gerry,
Griffin, Hand, John Hastings, Hopkins, Hub-
bard, Jackson. Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave
Johnson, N.itfgliel Jones, John W. Jones, Keim,
Kemble, Kille, Line, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Low-
ell, Lucas, McClellan, MrClure, McCulloch, Mc-
Kay, Meredith Mallory, Medtll, Miller, Montanya,
S. W. Morris, Newhard, Parrish, Parmenter,
Payn'er, Petrikin, Pickens, Pope, Prentiss, Rey-
nolds, Rhett, Rives, Edward Rogers, James Rogers,
Samuels, Shaw, Albert Smith, John Smith, Thos.
Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Philp P.
Thomas, Turney, Vanderpcel, Vroom, David D.
Wagener, Weller, Wic'-, Jared W. Will-ams,
Henry Williams, Joseph L. Williams, aad Wor-
th ington—103.
NAYS—Me srs. Adams, John W. Allen, An-
drews, Baker, Barnard, Bell, Boardman, Briggs,
Calhoun, Chittenden, Cranston, Curtis, Gushing,
Edward Davies, G-urett Davis, Dawson, Debery
Dennis, Edward*, Evans, Everett, Gates, Grabs-m,
Granger, Green, Gr.noel!, Habersham, Hail,
Hawes, Henry, Hoffman, Hunt, Cha*. Jubnsion,
Kempshall, King, Linco'n, McCarty, Marvb,
Mason, Morgan, Nisbel, O-borne, Pa en,- Peck,
Proffi', Randall, Rariden, Reed, Russell, Simonlon,
Truman Smith, Stanly, Stuart, Taliaferro, Waddy
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Tilluigbast, To-
land, Triplett, Trumbull, Underwood, Warren,
Edward D. White, John White, Thomas W. Wil-
liams, Lewis Williams, Christopher H. Williams,
and Winthrop—68.
So the report was ordered to be printed, and then
on motion
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, February 15, 1841.
Mr. BUCHANAN said, he had received a me-
morial from Parkesburg, in the S'ate of Pennsylva-
nia, which he would now take leave to present.
It was signed by a number of respectable citizens
of Pennsylvania, and stated, in strong terms, the
defenceless condition of our maritime cities on the
seaboard, ( and the impending danger of a foreign
war; and urged Congress to make appropriations
for the armament of our fortifications, the building
of floating batteries for the defence of our harbors,
and the construction of twenty of the first class of
steam frigates; and as many more smaller steam
vessel*.
The memorial was ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. B. also presented a memorial of a number
ofcapiains, pilots, and engineers, of the city of
Pittsburg, remonstrating against the passage of
any law by Congress, compelling the use of Raub's
safety valves; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT prrsented a memorial of ci-
tizens of Oneida county, remonstrating against the
passage of any bankrupt la?/ ¡etroactive in its pro-
visions; which wa - laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. W. also presented the memorial of James A.
Macdonald, prayins: for an increase of pension;
and, also, a memorial of a large number of citizens
of the county of Saratoga, uniting in the prayer of
the petitioner; which weie refeirsd to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. LINN said at th-- last and present sessions of
Congress,memorials had be-:-n presented from persons
who termed themselves Mormons <r Latter Day
Saints complaining of the Sta'e of Missouri, and ex-
tracts fro'rt these memorials ttad bet-n published ?,nd
widely circulated,Which were calculated to injure the
character of the State which be had tne honor in part
to represen', in the minds ot those who were not
acquainted with the facts. He held ¡n his band a
transcript of all the lesa] proceedings which had
been had in this case. ?.nd in order that the Senate
and the country might b¿ acquainted with the facts,
he would present them to the Senate, and move
for their printing. The document r;as accordingly
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PORTER presented resolutions passed by
the Legis'ature of Michigan respecting ihe boundary
line between that State and lb? Temtory of Wi>-
konsan; which were laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. P. also presented the memorial of the Le-
gislative Assembly if Wmkonsan, praying ¡hat
the right of pre-emption may be extended to sitiera
on tke lands resecved for llio R'ji'k ri?er and
Miiwaukie cana ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. P. aVo ptescnled a memorial of the same
body, asking authori'y to dispose of ibe sixle'inh
sections, for fie parpo-.e of clearing a school fund;
which was refcired to f.e Committee on the Public
Land?.
Mr. P. also presehfed the memori. ! ot the same
boiiy, praying that the right oi pre-emption may be
extended to setil-rs on liv? mineral land-; which
was referred t"! the Co nmifiee «a ihePuMic Lands,
and ordered to be piin'ed
Mr. HUNTINGTON7 ptesentfd the. memorial of
the Presbytery of Baff.t'o, praying that the tieaty
with the Seneca Indians may net be eairied into ef-
fect; which was refrted to the Commiltf-e on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented two memorial?,
signed, by eight or nfoe hun bed citizens o. Phila-
delphia, praying an approp¡iJti"fl for ;hj er.-ction
of aneiP custom hoiise i.i Philadelphia; which, as
the subject had been r-.por'.ed upon, we,s laid upon
the tabic.
Mr. LINN presented the paiiion of Eleazer
McCoy; which was rtieried to tha Commute on
Pensions.
Mr. L. also presented a memorial of several
hundred citizens of St. Louis, praying a repeal of
the naturalization laws; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. L. also presented the petition of Welcome
A. Bobbins and Thaddeus Robbiar, which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature oí Lousiana, in favor of placing
buoys at the several passes of the Mississippi ri-
ver; which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce and ordered to be printed.
Mr. N. also presented the memorial of the Mexi-
can Gulf Railway Company, praying the right of
way through the public lands; which was referred
t  the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PIERCE presented the memorial of Jere-
miah Barilett; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. KffVG, in pursuance of previous notice,
a;ked and obtained leave to introduce a bill /or the
relief of Catharine E. Clitherall; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the papers
in the case of Ezekiel Jones were permitted to be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. CLAY of Alabama, the pa-
pers in the case of Abel Pennington were permit-
ed to be withdrawn from the files of the Senate.
The bill from tb.9 House to amend an act enti-
tled ''An act to authorize the State of Terinessee
to issue grants and perfect titles to certain lands
therein described, and to settle the claims to the
vacant and unappropriated lands within the same,"
passed the 18 h day of April, 1806, was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lftnds.
The bill from the House to cont:nue in force the
act for the payment of horses and other property
Inst in the military service of the United S ales,
was read a first and second 'lime, and nferred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to whom the subject had been
referred, reported a bdl to confnm to that S ate the
lands selected by her, in lieu of the lands covered
by reservation in the treaties of 1837 and 1839
with the Miami Indians. The bill was ordered to
a second reading; an 4 the report and accompany-
ing documents, on his motion, were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MERRICK, from lh-5 Committee on the
Dis'rict of Columbia, to which was referred the
bill for the incorporation of the Washington City
Benevolem S;c:ety, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. SEVÍER, from the Committee on Indian
Affiirs, to which a rec-norial on the subject was
referred, rrpoitfd a bill for the relief of General
Isaac Wellhorn, of Alabama; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. MERRICK r received a manorial from the
corporate airhonties of thi city of Baltimore, pray-
ing an appropr alien for the erection of a fortress
on Sulhrs.': Point Fiat'-; to which Mr. M. called
■he paitlcular attention ' f the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which he moved its refprenci.
¿ If. LINN said neatly every harbor in the coun-
try was in a similar position with that of Balti-
more; and he ihoti(.-ht it would be berer to amend
the motion of the Senat'-r from Maryland, by re-
fen in?, in connection with his memorial, the whole
subject of o«r fortifica'ions and defences to the
Cummiltee on Miliary '.flairs. Net only our sea-
coaM, b'.U our whole Western frontier, and whole
line of lake-, were cooiplttely defenceless. We
have beeo for days ami weeks discussing tic pro-
priety of giving away five millions of our revenue,
i"hrn fify mifoms could be profitably, and he would
say economically, spent on our navy and fortifiei-
tlons.
After some remarks from Mr. MERRiCK,
Mr V REÍ VON said ¡hat an early period they
v odd have to address tbem.=r!vfs to a fall conside-
rsii <n o." the entire subject of our national defences,
and to incur some expense thereor.; and ihey would
have to come to the subject wi'h moie liberality
than they had hitherto done. The whole system of
naval warfare, and of coast defence, must undergo
