CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
26th Cong..........2nd Sess.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1841.
Volume 9...........No. 12.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Continued from No. 11.
Mr. VANDERPOEL withdrew the amendment.
Mr. STANLY moved to strike out the item "for
compensation to the Solicitor of the Treasury, three
thousand five hundred dollars,"
Mr. VANDERPOEL «coved to strike a thousand
dollars from the appropriation for clerks in the
office of the Fifth Auditor of the Treasury, and as
a reason for it stated that he had, that morning,
been wformed that there was a vacancy in one of
the clerkships of the office of the Fifth Auditor,
(Mr. Pleasan'on,) that the proposed appropriation,
which he wanted to reduce, covered the salary of
this clerk, ($1,000,) that he unders ood Mr Plea-
sonton declined to fill up the vacancy till after the
fourth ff March. Now, he, Mr. V. thotight if he
could dispense with ihe services of th's clerk during
the session of Congress, when the business of all
the Departments was more pressing, he could get
along without such clerk after the fourth of March.
For that reason, he moved to strike out $1,000
from the proposed appropriation
Here Mts-rs. STANLY, GRAVES, PROFFIT,
and others severally attacked Mr Vanderpoll
for so suddenly becoming a reformer.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said, when he made his
proposition to i educe the appropriation for tne
Fifth Auditor of $1,000, he sure)} did tfbt intend to
disturb the equanimity of the ¡gentleman on the
other side, nor did he intend, thereby, to assume
the character of reformer-masiefgenferal. He had
never been ambitious to tecure Oyf honors of that
office. It seemed that gentlemen doubted his (Mr.
V's) right to propose any reform or reduction in
any quarter; that they ran away with the idea, that
the glory of this great and patriotic work bs-longed
exclusively to themselves. £ir, (said Mr. V )
we mean to try the sincerity of your preach-
ings and profe s.ons for the last two years.
"Harrison and r„/orm" were the •aa'chwords
with which jou entered upon and carried
through the great contest which has just terminated,
and now we mean to try whether you are willing
to practise according to your promise and profes-
sions. The speech of the gtntlempn irom Indi-
ana [Mr. Proffit] Wos pretty strong ev.dence how
the bulk of the dominant party intended to go upon
propositions to reduce salaries, and enormous in-
comes from certain offices. He had already, ¡n
advance, applied the sponge of ridicule to a propo-
sition in the bill, to reduce, to a fixed amount, the
emoluments of district attorneys, marshals, and
clerks ofcourU. Gentlemen, slid Mr V. this will
not do You must not refuse to do good, because
the proposition originates on our side of ihe House.
You say, "wait till General Harrison gets into
power, and then we wili"accomplish these works of
reform." No. We will not rely upon y our promises
You will then have more magnificent objects to ac-
complish. Your at entions will then be engrossed
with the making a huge National Bank,with the dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the publiclandc, with the
repeal of the Sub- S reasury law, and the modifica-
tion, if not the increase of the tariff. We are
afraid that these little matters oí "reduction" will
then be beneath your notice. The immense in-
comes oí some of your collectors, postmasters, dis-
trict attorneys and marshals, which, before the late
election, had so long disturbed your slumber-,, will
not then, we fear, receive fiom you even a passing
notice. You tell us that our patriotism comes too
late; that we ought to have made thise movements
when we had the power. To thi--, we answer, that
it is never too la'e to do good. Besides, we have
no reason to suppose, when we recollect ho,v loud
and deep have been your curses against our al-
leged "spoils" system, that the reductions wc pro-
pose will not operate chiefly upon our own friend-,
the present incumbents* oí the offices. You have
preached too constantly, and too emphatically,
from this texts to justify rm our part the appreher-
sion that "turn out" is row to be the o-der of the
day.
We say now is the time, the accepted time, for
doing the good work. We are convened here,
during a =ort of interregnum, when one Adminis-
tration is about go.ng out, and another is about to
come in, just before the gain of the victors is con-
summated by actual possession, and now is the time
for doing good. You shall not escape responsibi
lity by urging the plea that it vtill be time enough
to begin the werk cf reform, after you shall have
actually entered upon the possession of your new
estate. We mean to hold you to the maxim that
the present time is always the best time for doiog
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stan-
ly] had referred to the course he (Mr. V ) had
taken last year, upon the proposition made by that
gentleman to strike out ihe appropriation of an
outfit for Mr Throop, a3 Charge to Naples. He
had opposed the motion of that gentleman, and he
gloried in it. If Mr. Throop, as naval officer at
New York, had neglected his duty—if that neglect
had been establish d by an mve tigation wholly ex
parte as to him, it was no good reason, to his mind,
lor withhold ng the compen ation belonging to him
m another office, to which he had been constitu-
tionally appt ínted. If he had violated his duty as
naval officer, (which he was by no means prepared
to admit,) take the course prescribed by the Consti-
tution—impeach him; buf, m the name of justice
and the Constitution, do not attempt to exercise
your impeaching power m this oppressive and un-
constitutional manner.
After some bnei remarks from Messrs A
SMITH, UNDERWOOD, HUBBARD, and oth-
ers, Mr. VANDERPOEL, at the suggestion of his
tnends, withdrew the amendment.
Mr STANLY moved to strike out the item "for
compensation to the Solicitor of the Treasury,
$3 500," and made some remarks thereon, the pur-
port ot which will be ascertained by fie replies of
Messrs. Vandebpoel and Wialer.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said that he had not now
for the first time on this floor been charged with
having been a Federalist. Though that note had
sj often been struck by others, who had honored
him with their notice, he had never before deistned
to make any íeply to it, because of a lesson he had
been taught when very young—never to -peak of
himself when he could po sibly avoid doing so
His own course in early lite had so little connec-
tion with our deliberations here, that he surely could
not, gratuitously, allule to it, without incurring the
imputation of egotism; but the charge oí the jei-
tlemin frum Norh Carolina [Mr. Stanly] must
plead his apology for now breaking the silence in
regard to himself which he generally preferr d
maintaining If (said Mr. V.) the friends
and family of the member who now ad-
dresses you were, originally, tainted v.ilh the
sin of Federalism, and it his own young
mind had m his early youth received the impress
of those principles, if he had afterward-., with
more matured judgment, come to the conclusion,
that the principles of Federalism were opposed to
the best m'eresis of the people, had repudiated his
first notions, aid labored for fourteen long years
(doable the perxod that the Patriarch labored for
his wife) m the good old cause of Democracy, he
was willing, if Democracy were the lest of politi-
cal orthodoxy, to compete for the honor of the true
faith, with a gentleman who persis'ed and persisted
in his Federalism against the 1 ghts and ihe evi-
dences that had now become so palpabL and accu-
mulated.
He, Mr. V. if ever obnoxious to the charge of
Federalism (which he much doubted) was surely
not an "old Ftderahst " He rever attained his ma-
jori y till some time after a memorable event in the
political hMoiy of the Slate to which he belong-
ed Hj allnd d to the address of forty arrogant
leaders of  ths Fedora*  party, sometimes distin-
guished f-s forty "high minded gentlemen;
at other times mora familiarly, if not aj
propnately designated as the "forty thieves," a
address by which they proclaimed ihe di
solution of the Federal party, and it was in oi
der here to remark, that all the survivors of thes
' high minded" gentlemen, with, as he believed, be
a single exception, had returned to their first lov<
and were most ardent and genuine British Ban
Wbigs of 1840 The first vote he ever gave wa
for Mr. Clinton fir Governor; and if that const
tuted him a Federalist, then were soma ot the mos
prominent actors in the ranks of the New Yor
Democracy Federalists. He would go further, an
say that if, from the days of his minority, umfori
opposition io a high protective tariff— to a Nations
Bank—to a latitudinanan construction of the Coi
slitution—constituted the antipodes of Federalist!
then had he never been a Federal st, but had a
ways been a Democrat.
[Mr. Stanly remarked, he did not reproach M
V. for having been a Federalist, but had compl
menied him with showing some good traits in cor
sequence ot it ]
Mr. V said, that the gentleman from Nort
Carolina had also stated, that he, Mr. V ha<
m a speech made some days ago "On the Trei
sary Note bill, complimented, in bi«h ttrms, th
speech of the gentleman frora Virginia [M
Wise] on the same subject, an i had rather it
sinuated, that he had thus spoken in praise of thi
gentleman's •■peech, for the purpose of catchin
him.
Mr. STANLY explained, and said that he ha
insinuated nothing of the kind; that it was not h
p act ce to " insinuate," but always to state vti
plainly what h" meant.
Mr VANDERPOELsatd be it so: then he woul
in anticipation repel the inference, that in the prais
he hid expressed of that gentleman's speech, h
was or could have been actuated by the hope c
''calc/tiwg"him. He was not aware that he had it
dulgedm any thing like fulsome panegyric in regar
to that gentleman's speech. He had said, and woul
here repeat, that 'h:>se portions of his speech whic
related to the subjects of dish ibulwn, tariff, an
the proposition to impose immediate duti-s on silk
and wines, were unanswerable, and yet unanswei
cdjihatlhey were distinguished by great power an
ability, and that his argument against distribute
was more c< gent and complete, lhan was that of a
eminent S nator at ihe other end of the Capito
[Mr Caliu un,] distinguished as he was for clos
log c and power of condensation. Now this wj
what he thought of that gent'eman's speech, and h
had not expressed his ssn^e of it on a former occs
sion with the vain hope of "catching" him H
knew his subject too well to have been capable t
indulging any such idle hope. Could he ever hav
entertained it, he would first have suffered no littl
embarrassment in hw own mind as to the most el
gible means to attain his object—whether the ca
o'nme tails, or more emollient means would b
most available. A moment's reflection—the mer
recollection of that gentleman's high spirit, woul
teach him that the fi st of the above alternative
would be worse than useless. Here, then, woul
have been a puzzler at the outset. But, suppos
this preliminary difficulty to have been overcome, th
next question he would have mooted in his mini
wou'd have been, wheiher, after getting him
we had any guarantee that we could keep him, o
that he would prove to be worth any thing to u'
wheiher it might not turn out ¡hat we had caught
Tartar Mr. V. said, that he and the gentlema
from Virginia [Mr. Wisp] entered Congress tc
gether in December, 1833, and from that day h
had watched, with no little interest, hi<s bnl íai
and erratic career. You and I, Mr. Chairmai
[Mr. Bell,] wed recollect the ma'den effort of tt
gentleman on this floor upon the great question i
the removal of the public deposites You and
sat together daring that protracted session, and ca
