CONORESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
to lay his finger up n any oie portion c£ his three
days' speech, wh oh wa> not satisfactory to the Ad-
ministrat on party now m power.
Mr. WISE rep ted that when the speech shou'd
hav« been printed, he v ould then show many
points where no Loco Foco woul] agree wiih
him.
Mr. JENIFER understood the gentleman to
hive said that he had pleased soma of both par
ties Now he desired to know how the gentleman
did stsnd, or wheJier he was in a state of be-
tweenity
Mr WISE sn'd he did not stand in a state of be-
tweeni'y: he was a Wh g But he did not choose
to bf d'irai ont oí the ranks by gentlemen who as-
su rr>d to «peak for the coming Administration, be-
fore they knew r/hat the measures of that Admi-
nistration would b<\ Perhap,, when the measures
of that Adm nistration should be made known, he
would have as much power to unchurch certain
gentlemen, as they supposed themselves to pos-
SSSS.
Mr. W. then proceeded to denounce the idea of
having so many "J Ule Hatrnsons" in the House,
dictamg ^nd speaking for the coming Administra-
tion, vh°n it could not be known what the mea-
sures if thai Administration would be He (Mr.
W ) hid been drasged m'o th's discussion by the
remarks on lu<! cour«e by the Whig papers on one
han ', and 'he Loco Foco papers on the other. He
■niched merdy to assert lhat the fneids of General
Harn*on we e not ai! of one m<nd as to the mea-
sures proper to be pursued, and this beiig ihe case,
he denounced (he idea of any one section setting
th*m e'ves up as the par'y Mr W concludrd by
s Mi a^k rgMr JiMFi.it it 111/ had sounded all h s
Wmg, fr>en:h
Mi JttNIFER said l.e did not speak for either
Gener-tl Hairiso i, or any body besides h m elf, on
that floor. Mr J then proee ded to no icf> the fol
lowing it mark ot Mr Wj-c, viz- "lhat if ary man
attempted to bring down the tyranny of parly on
him, he s'ioj'd be lashed, etc " Now he, Mr J,
desired to know if tho gentlemin meant to say that
any par>y drill had been attempted to be exercised
again t him h le     If so, let him point it out.
Mr WISE, (across ) I point it o'tt now, I re-
fer to you
Mr JENIFER sa d the genlleman in the course
of his re narks, had intimated that he was resolved
to fi'h1 01 his own tiook. But he would temind
h m, that people were sometimes hung on their o n
hxik Mr J tien «sent c to argue that the
course taken by Mr. Wise was calculated to bring
dis'rust upon (he coming Administration
Alter some explanation from Mr. WISE, in
which he disclaimed any des'gn to bring distrust
upon the coming Adm migration, or that he had
made a/17 eh rje again"! it,
Mr. JENIFER said he was happy to hear ilnt
th<" gentleman disavowed charging any thing
a^a'iiii the coming A iministratnn. But at the
same 1 inie, he would ask that gei'tleman whether
it would not be more manly to make direct charges
than to pursue the course he had' Mr J was un-
ders 00J fur her 10 say, that it ihe gentle-nan dil
not distrust 'he coming Administration, why was
all this cry about the danger of a high protective
tariff When the gentleman spoke about the
"¿pods," the "Uah," etc. what did he mean, if he
did not di-1-ust the Administration? Why this, de-
runcia'ion, it there was ro objse? Whenihegen-
tleman sa'd he could not support ihe coming Ad-
ministration unless it should agtee with his views,
d d ne go be>cn! any othei Whig? The gentle-
man had thought prorer to make a speech m ad-
vance, to show the íuinous effects of an extra ses-
sion and the danger if adoptiag measu'es whan
the Representares cam- fresh from the people,
undei the ¡ailuence of triumphant feelings He,
Mr J considered that it was safer to legislate when
the Reprí=ent4tn'es came ircsh fiom the people.
Mr WISE h"re rose to explain.
Mr ANDREWS called him to order. In his
opui >n, (he debate ought not to be suffered to pro-
ee-d any lur'her.
Sever.il members called Mr. Anduews to order,
on th- g ound that he had called Mr Wise to or-
der befo.o that £ent eman, had said any thing.
Mr. WISE said h had risen to mike a sweep-
ing declaran n, viz- that the gentleman from Ma-
ryland bad not 'tated correctly a single position he
(Mr  W ) had takes ¡lie other day.
Mr. ANDREWS There1 he his said some-
thing  oit>, and I call him to order on the ground of
irrelevancy.
After some conversation on the po nf of order,
Mr. WISE, on leave, proceeded, and denied
lhat he had ever said he anticipated all would be
wrong in the coming Administration, as c arged
by the gentleman from Miryland. He said no
such thing On the contrary, he believed lhat ail
would be right
After some further remarks, Mr W said, he
did say, however, that 'omc gentleman we e trying
to swerve the Administration ¡rem its course, and
he meant the gent'eman ftom Maryland as one of
them, for, continued Mr. W. every mite goes to
makes a macs.
Mr. W. went on to say, that as be had found
gentlemen ac'tvely engaged in manufacturing pub-
lie opinion in pdvance, as ihe sentiments of the
Whig party, he thought tt high time that he should
speak, lest his silence might be construed into ac-
quiescence And when certain sentiment, were
held forth, in relation to the tariff, the distribution
system, &c. he had taken the liberty of saying lhat,
as one of the Whig party, they were not his senti-
ments
After some further observations as to his views on
the tanffquestion, Mr. W expressed his repugnance
to any set of Whigs unde-tak ng to manufacture
public opinion, before the t ew Administration
came into powsi.
But --aid, Mr. W. the gerdeman from Maryland
has said lhat it wou'd be a little more manly for me
to come out, ele. N >w, all I have to "ay is, that
the gentleman is aboutth'riv years older than lam,
yet he cannot tpach me manline--" Mr W said
it the gentleman woald lop off a little of his Fede-
ralism, he would go with him as far as he could,
but in the first place it would be necessary to see
how far they could go, as he expected to go with
the gentleman in a variety of matters.
Mr W then slated lhat he was in favor of eco-
nomy and retrenchment in the expenses of Go-
vernment, against appropriations for internal im-
provements, etc
Mr JENIFER was understood to say that he
diftVied
Af'er oras furth-r explanation bet veen ihe gen-
tlemen as to their views,
Mr WISE said, but the gent'eman contends that
because I do not go for a distribution and a tariff,
that lam no Whig.
Mr. JENIFER    I said no such thing.    I said
---------(the remainder of the sent-nce wa3 not
heard.)
Mr. WISE. Well, lhat is precisely the same
thing. It amounts to this, iha' unless ( vote for a
tariff on luxurrs, I am n> Whig Butmy con-
stituents wi 1 see my politics, on lhat fubj^ct
when my speech is printed Mr W. went
on to say that if 0 her gentlemen bad not
defined their position, and spoke for ihe
coming Administration, he wou'd not have
said a word. He wished merely to have
it understood, that the friends of the coming
Administration d(feiedm iheir views on certain
ma ters. But for doing this, said M' W the gen-
lleraan from Mary'and has taken me in han I, with
my colleague from the Norfolk district There are
some who^e intellects are so dull that they cannot
unders ard; while there are others who uilt not un-
dersiaid But my friend from Miryland is, I
know, an intell gent gentlemen, and I cannot sup-
pose that he is one of those who are not willing to
underjand. I hape I am not in the way of my
friend from Maryland, and that it is h s wi h to
put me out of the way. I hope it is neither the ob-
ject of that gentlemen, nor others, to put me out of
t'ie way.
Now, ssid Mr W. in order that my friend from
Maryland may understand me ful y, I will tell him
that I do not intend to stand in his way, and if he
wishes to go to Europe to attend to the tobacco in-
terest, I a'sare thai / do not want to go. If any
ex of my Whig friends ^apposes that I am in
his or their way, they may dispel their fears, for I
assure them I shall be in the way of none of them.
Mr W then proceeded 10 say, that neither he
nor his cons ltuents sh uld ever be b.ought under
the drill of party. The gentleman from Maryland
[Mr Jemfek] had, in the course of his speech,
thought proper to be very witty, and to say, that'
"iX sometimes happened that geniemen who fought
on their own hook, wer' hung on iheir own hook."
Now, he, Mr. W. would tay, in reply, that some
gentlemen were never hung at all
The gentleman from Maryland has also said that
he sp aks for nobody but himself    He said, how- ,
ever, almost in the same breath, lhat if I took the :
ground I did against a protective tariff, etc. I dif- :
fered from all the Whig party, with ihe exception
of the gentleman from the Norfolk District. Now,
here he has undertaken to speak for all the Whigs
but two and a half, for my colleague from the Nor-
folk District counts one, and I and my friend from
Marvland compose ihe remaining one and a half.
But, continued Mr W I tell the gentleman from
Maryland that on the question of the distribution
and the tariff, he has found more than two and a
half Where is the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Alfobd?] Did he not give his views the other day
in sufficiently plain teims for the gentleman' Now,
although my friend from Maiyland took me to task
on the score ef "manliness," I take it for granted
that he will admit the gentleman from Georgia to
be a uhok man.
But, said Mr. W. the gentleman from Maryland
hasa%ked ins where is the tyranny of party"! Why,
there it is, (pointing to Mr. Jenife-u ) there is the
drill sergeant himself. He took me into his hand ,
and one of my best fnends f.om Kenuuky [Mr-
Graves] undertook to help.
Mr GRAVES explained.
Mr. WISE went on to say that he would malee
gentlemen understand him before he had done. He
had said that he would not be brought under party
drill, and whenever it should be attempted, he
would resist it. It had now been atiempted,
and he now resisted it. The party fdnll had al-
ready commenced, but he would not submit to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Tenmrssea made some ob-
servations in relation to imputations on the Whig
party.
Mr WISE said he had mad« no imputations on
the Whig party. He would further say, that he
acknowledged no gentleman there as the Whig
parly.
Alter some lurther discussion of a conversational
character,
Mr. WISE went on to say that he did not ac-
knowledge the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Jenifer]¡as the Whigpaity. And (-aid Mr W.)
I tell the gentleman lrom Mari land lhat if his ty-
ranny is all I hare to resist, I can soon overcome it.
Mr. W. proceeded to say that none othir of his
Whig friends had a'tempted to subject him to party
drill, bat that the Woig papers had attempted it.
But, <aid Mr. W. even if it were my design to
separate from the party, it woald be a question
with me whether honesty lies on the side of ihs«e
in power, or on the side of those out of power But
I wish it to be understood at home and ehewl ere,
that I spurn the attempt to unchurch me, whether
insidiously or openly, directly ot indirectly If any
one is io hold the sword over my head, the General
himse f shall do it, but no drill seraeant shall.
Mr. JENIFER was understiod to ask it there
was any thing personal intended by the above re-
marks.                                               ,   „
Mr. WISE disclaimed any personal allusion in
applying the term "drill sergeant," but, said he I
will fell the gentleman fran Maryland, iha; if ha
attempts to whip me into the rarfc, he will find me
as difficult to drive as the In-hm-n's pu Xhs gen-
tleman will no doubt remember the sic ry.
An Irishman was attempting 10 drive an obsti-
"Arrah and Pat," paid a friend, "wheie is it
that yourself is a going"
"Hash, honey, my dear," su ! the dnver, "it's to
Cork I am going, --urc, but for ihe b!ood o'ye spake
soft, or the pig will hear "'
After an application of the above to his pohties!
course, and the absurdity of any attempt io Arm
