180
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
him, Mr. W. said his position was based on high
principles, and not men, and on those principles he
was ready to stand or fall
Mr. WISE addressed the commit ee at great
length in regard to his po Uion; alter which,
Mr STANLY withdrew the motion to strike
oat.
Mr. JENIFER renewed it; and proceeded to re-
ply to the remarks of Mr. Wise , and had spoken
for a few minute",
When Mr. ANDREWS insisted on the point of
order, that the whole debate, being irrelevant, was
out of order
And the CHAIR decided it to be so.
Mr. GRAVES hopea the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Jenifer] would be allowed to go on,
until the Hou«e thoroughly understood the position
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr Wise ]
After some conversation, Mr. WELLER moved
that the gentleman from Maryland have leave to
proceed.
Mr. ANDREWS asked for tellers, that it might
be seen tiho were m favor of going on with the
business of the country, arid who in favor of con-
tinuing this irrelevant and useless debate
But the call for tellers was not seconded.
And the question being taken, leave to proceed
was granted without a division
Mr. JENIFER then proceeded, yielding the floor
to occasional explanations from Mr. Wise Mr.
Jskifir having closed—
Mr. WISE took the floor, and, leave having been
given to him to proceed, replied to Mr. Jenifer
Mr. Wise having concluded—
Mr. GRAVES next addressed the committee,
and was followed by Mr. POPE and Mr. AN-
DREWS, until half past six o'clock, when the com-
mittee rose.
And then, at the instance of Mr. LINCOLN,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the re-
port from the Secretary of the Secretary of the
form in which patents for the public lands have
been exeou'ed The report was referred to the
Committee on toe Public Land*, te the end that
the committee may inquire into the legality of the
patents heretofore issued, and, if they are found de-
fective, to report a bill to legalize them
And then the House adjourned
While the House was in Committee of the
Whole, the bill making appropriation's for the pay-
ment of pensions during the year 1841, and pro-
viding for the expense of removing such Seminole
Indians as may be disposed to emigrate to the
West, was received from the Senate with an im-
material amendment, which the House immediately
considered and agreed to.
And so the bill lias passed both Houses of Con-
gress.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, February 16, 1841.
Mr. CUTHBERT appeared and took his seat in
the Senate this morning
The VICE PRESIDENT submitted a report
from the Secretary of War m reply to a resolution
of the Senate of the 17th December last, respecting
the «ale of machinery engaged in the construction
of roads and harbor*; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed
The VICE PRESIDENT also presented several
memorials from citizens of Florida, remonstrating
against the cession of any portion of that Territory
to the Seminóles, which were severally referred to
the Cc-mmittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr FULTON presented the petition of citizens
of Arkansas, praying the establishment of a post
route; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Road .
Mr. TAPPAN presented a memorial of David
Robb, which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, «o which was referred the bill from
the House to amend an act entitled "An act to au
thonze the State of Tennessee to issue grants and
perfect titles to certain laads therein described, and
to settle the claims to the vacant and unappropria-
ted lands within the same," reporred the samp with-
out amendment,
Mr W said as the bill wa* nearly the same as
that passed at previous sessions—the only differ-
ence being that it was less favorable to the State of
Tennessee than the former bill—he hoped the Se-
nate would now order it to a third reading
Mr GRAHAM wished to look into the bill be-
fore its passage, and hoped it would be postponed
until to-morrow
Mr CLAY of Alabama suggested that it might
be ordered to a third reading to-day, and as the
question on its passage would not come up until to-
morrow, the Senator m the meaawhi'e could ex-
amine the bill.
Mr GRAHAM said, he was informed by a
friend near him, [Mr. Huntington,] that the bill
could not then be amended; and he would there
fore prefer that its further consideraron should
be postponed until to morrow; which waa accord-
mglv ordered.
Mr HTJBBARD,from theComtni't^e on Claims,
to which was referred tthe memenal cf William G
Cheever, asked to be discha'ged from their further
consideration, which was agreed to
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill giving authority to the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to audit and settle the accounts be'ween the
United Sta'es and David Gelston, formerly collec-
tor of the port of New York; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading
Mr H also from the committee, to which was
referred the bill for the relief of Caroline E. CI -
therall, widow of Di George C. Clitncrall, late a
surgeon on the army of the Revolution, reported
the same, without amendment
Mr SMITH, from the Commi tee on Revolu-
tionary Claim*, reported a bill foi the relief of the
hens of Daniel Piatt, deceased, which was read,
and oidered to a second reading
Mr NICHOLAS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the bill making
appropriations to comp'ete certain military roads
leading to the frontier posts bordering oa Texas
and the Indian Territory, reported the same with
out amendment
Mr PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of Esther John-
son, widow of Col Jonas Johnson of North Caroli-
na, deceived, which wai read, and ordered to a se
cond reading.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
lution foi consideration                            *
Resolved, That the map of the country west oí
the Mississippi, made under the direction of the
War Department by J N. Nicollet, esq and the
report in reference to the same, be printed for the
use of Congress, under th3 threction of the chief of
the Corps of Topographical Engineers, and that
two hundred copies thereof be delivered to the War
Department, and to the bureau of Topographical
Engineers, for distribution, and three hundred ad-
ditional copies for the use of the Seriate
Mr Walker said the report of Mr Nicollet
and accompanying map of the region of the Up-
per Mississippi, prepared under the direction of
Congress, and the supervision of the D°part-i>ent of
War, would be found among the mo«;t accurate,
scienufic, interesting, and instructive, ever made in
this country. It commences at ihe city ot St.
Louis, as its southeastern psint of departure, and
terminates at our northern boundary, east of the
Rocky Mountains, extending from the 39th to the
49th parallel of north latitud-3 and from 90 to 100
of longitude west of Greenwich Stretching from
near Lake Superior en the east to the great western
bend of the Missouri river on the west, and em-
bracing the entire basin of the Upper Mississippi,
it included a region more extensive than several of
the largest States of the Uní n It ivps a region
most salubrious, and unsurpassed in beauty and
fertility In mineral wealth, it was unequalled in
the world, and was interspersed wi h timb""r and
prairie lands, and many hundred lakes, both fresh
and s?l, that might well challenge a companion
with those of any other country. This survey em-
braces 945 geographical positiors, deduced from
more than ten thousand astronomical observations.
An enlarged system of barometrical observa-
tions had been carried on for several years, in
which Mr. Nieoliet  bad been aided  bv many
scientific gentleman; and by these means, the topo-
graphical features of the whole region, and its ab-
solute elevation above the sea, will be represented
with the greatest accuracy The repoit will repre-
sent the geology and botany rf this vast region, its
vegetable ard mineral resources. The report and
map will dp highly honorable to their unassuming
but able and scientific authoi—'o the country by
whom he has been employed, and to the Secretary
of War, who, wi'h so much zeal and enerpy,
has pressed forward th's important work. The
rivets Mi'SissiDpi and Missouri, for several thou-
sand mile", are surveyed and delineated with the
greatest accuracy—-ith all their physical features
and incidents—their banks, their hills and valleys,
their channels, shoals, and sand bar-, with the
velocity of current and depth of fwater To the
emigrant, the farmer, the merchant and navigator
—to the topographer and geographer—the botanist,
the mineralogist aed geologist—to the scholar and
statesman, and to ire whole countrj, this was a
work cf the highe-t impoiiance To the Ameri-
can patriot also whose love of the Union embraced
bis whole country and ah its part , tins report and
survey would afford ibundau materials for de-
lightful contemplation and animated hopes, in
marking the onward pi ogress of this great
nation. He would here, in this hitherto
almost unexplored region of ti e We>t, be-
behold a country larger thin any empire in
Europe, save one, where, in a very few years, there
will be three new S ates, among ttie largest and
most fertile in th-1 Union—Wiskonfan, Iowa,
and ano'her embrpemg the beautiful Fountain
lake near oui northern boundary, delineat-
ed on this map, where the greit Mississippi
commences its southern course to the Gulf As
a mere money question, the publication of this
map and repoit would be nost unpcr ant « aid of
the final settlemer t of the gr-rt sucjtct oi selling
our mineial l«mds 1 ereioiore refer ed by the Se-
nate to the Committee on Public Lands, and would,
he hoped, be decided upon at the next session.
Ualess important improvements in mining and
smelting were introduced, and the utmost facilities
afforded in the acquisition of these lands, there was
some reasen to fear that lead, when the tariff
reached its minimum m 1842, could not be brought
from the West to the East in successful competition
with foreign lead, a result, that by due attention to
mining at,d smelting, and utmost facilities m ob-
taining these Unds, might be prevented, and thus
the e three great States, that must ¡>oon emerge
from territorial pupilage, might have no inducement
pre^ented to supnortlhe high tariff policy. In this
point of view, the question became one of the
highest importance to the South, as well as the
North, and Mr W. hoped there would, there-
fore, be no objection from any quaiter to printing
this map and report.
Mr. BENTON, m a few remarks, concurred in
the views of Mr. Walkí.r as to  the great value of
the work, and the propriety of its publication
The resolution was unanimously agreed to.
Mr LINN submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to-
Reselved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of confirming William Tnplett ot Missouri in his
claim to a tract of land
Mr. HUBBARD submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration-
Resoheil, Tnat the Senate will, on Thursday next,
at one o'ekek, proceed to the election of a public
Printer for the Senate, for ihe Twenty-seventh Con-
gress
Mr NORVELL submitted the following resolu-
tion tor con«idera'ion
Resolved, 1 hat the forty-seventh rule be so far
«uspended as that ladies introduced by Senator*,
may, for the residue of toe prrsent session, be ad-
mitted to the pnvi eged seats within the Senate.
On mot on by Mr, WILLIAMS, the joint reso-
lution to authorize theSecreary of the Navy to
make contrac s ard pdvarceo for American water-
rotted hemp for a limited time, was taken up, con-
sider! d as in committee of the whole, and ordered
to be engrtssed for a third reading
The bilí granting a pension to Pamelia Allen,
