CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           181
■i "   •                                                             ■■                               -■                                                   "                                                                   ■■■ '-" -.........•*
widow of the late Samuel Allen, a soldier of the
Revolution, and
The bill to authorize the payment of equitable
commissions to the agents or attorneys of persons
in whose favor awards have been made under four
several treaties between the United States and cer-
tain foreign powers; which awards have been re-
tained in the Treasury in payment of debts due the
United States; were severally considered as in com-
mittee of the whole, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
BANKRUPT LAW.
The bill to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy was taken up—the question being oa Mr.
Hubbard's motion to amend by including incorpo-
rated conapaaies within its provisions.
Mr.TAPPAN, Mr. NICHOLAS, Mr. LINN,
and Mr. CALHOUN, severally addiessed the Se-
nate on Ihe amendment; and,
On motion by Mr. BENTON,
The Ssnate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, February 16, 1841.
Mr. FILLMORE asked the unanimous consent
of the House to enable him to submit a resolution
requiring the Committee on Mil.tary Affairs to re-
port a bill making appropriations for the defence
of Ihe
NORTHEASTERN FRONTIER.
Objection being made,
Mr. FILLMORE moved a suspension of ths
rules.
Mr. CARR moved a call of the House.
Mr. W. THOMPSON said he could save the
time of the House, by slating that this mat er was
now before the Military Committee, and that, in a
day or two, they would present a general system of
defence. He did not believe the business would
be at all expedited by the adnp'ion of the resolution
of the gentleman from New York
The question was taken on a cail of the House,
and resulted—ayes 3G, rices 54: no quorum voting
Thequestion was. aoout being again taken, when
Mr. MORGAN called for fie )eas and nav%
which were ordered, and were—y tas 62, nays 70
So ihe House refused a call ot the House
Tho question was liici  lak n on the motion of
Mr. Filiaiore 'o suspend the rules, by yeas and
nays, a¿ follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, John W Allen, An-
derson, Andrews, Atnerlon, Baker, Barnird, B^at-
ty, Bell, Boardman, Boyd, B,iíg>, Brockway,
Burke, Sampson H Butler, By..urn, Calhoun,
Carr, Carroll, Ca-.y, Chittenden, Clifford, Wil-
liam R. Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Crars'on, Crary,
Cross, Edward Davies, John Davis, John W. Da-
vis, Dawson, Deberry, Dielerson, Doan, Doe,
Eastman, Edwards, Ely, Evans E/erttt, Fill-
more, Fine, Floyd, Fon.ance, Galbraith, Gates,
Gerry, Goggm, Gjode, Grader, Grave*, Grin-
nell, Habersham, Hammond, Hand, Jonn Hast-
ings, Hawes, Henry, Hoffman, Hunt, Jackson,
James, Jame-ion, Charles Johnston, Joseph John-
son, Nathaniel Jones, Kcim, Kembie, Kempsh¿ll,
Kille, King, Leadbe.tT, Leet, Leonard, Lincoln,
Lowell, McCariy, ¡VlcClure, McCuilocb, Meredith
Mallory, Marvin, Medill, Miller, Mitche't, Mon-
roe, Montanya, Mooie, Morgan, Morrow, Na) lor,
Palen, Parrish, Paynt-r, Peek, Proffi', Randall,
Randolph, Rinden, Reed, Reynolds, Ridgway,
Edward Rogers, Russell, Shaw, Simonton, S'ade,
Truman Smith, Stariíwepther, S eecrod, Strong,
Stuart, Swearmgen, Taliaferro, PI ilip F. Tho-
mas, Tillwghast, Toland, David D Wagener,
Warren, Wa'terson, Welter, John White, Wick,
Jared W. Williams, Thomas W. Williams,
Henry Williams, Lewis Williams, Ch stopher H.
Williams, Sherrod Williams, and Worihington
—127.
NAYS—Messrs. Banks, Beune, Blackwel',
Aaron V. Brown, Albert G. Bro.vn, John Camp-
bell, Chapman, Cjnnor, Mark A C oper, Den-
nis, Dromgoole, Earl, Graham, Gi>fnn, Hawking
Hillen, H< plans, Hubbaid, Lewis, Lucas, Mc-
Clellan, McKay, Montgomery, Petrikm, Pickens,
Rhett, Samuels, Thomas Smith, Sumter, Waddy
Thompson, Turney, Underwood, and Joseph L.
Williams—34.
So the rules were suspended.
The question was then taken on the reception of
the resolution, and decided in the affirmative—-ajes
79, noes 58.
And on the question, Shall the mam question be
now put?
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia moved to lay the reso-
lution on the table, but
Mr. FILLMORE having modified his resolution,
as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs te instructed to nquirs into the expediency of
reporting a bill making the necessary appropria-
tions foi fortifications, naval armaments, and other
necessary preparations to place the country in a
proper state of defence,
Mr. COOPER of Georgia withdrew his mo-
tion.
The main question was then taken, and decided
in the affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL
Mr JONES of Virginia moved that the Housa
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and resume the consideration of
the civtl and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER said that a special order (the
steamboat bills.) had been assigned for this day.
Mr. JONES moved to postpone the special order
until Monday next; and,
On the question being taken, it passed in the af-
firmative.
So the special order was postponed until Monday
next.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee
of ihe Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Bell in the chair) and resumed the consideration
ot the bill making appropriation for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year 1841
The que tion was taken on the motion, made by
Mr. Jenifer on yesteidar, to stnkp out the Hem
"lor compensation to the S ilicitor of the Treasury,
three thou-and dollars," snd decided in the nega-
tive.
After the a-option of some incidental amend-
ments,
Mr LEONARD moved to itnke out three m
line 334, and insert two, and in li^e 327 stnke out
aght hundred and seven, and inseit three hundred
and sixty.
Tne amendments were agreed to.
Mr. McCARTY moved furt.er to amend the
same section, by inserting in line 336, after the
word repair , thirty thousand, (to be appropriated
for the íepaír oí the Potomac Bridge, that being
the amount estimated to be necessary for the en-
gine-r,) so as to rea I,
"Fsr compensation to two assistants to the Com-
m s loner, as superintendent of the Potomac
bndgi,at one dollar and fifty cents per day, in-
cluding oil for lamps, fuel, and repairs, thirty-one
thou<aid, three hundred and sixty dollars."
After some rematks by Messrs. McCARTY,
REED, BARNARD, W. C. JOHNSON, MON-
ROE, and GRAHAM,
The question was taken on agreeing to the
amendment—ajes 65, noes 40—no quorum.
The question was again taken, but still no quo-
rum voting,
On motion of Mr L. WILLIAMS, the com-
mittee rose aad reported that fact to the House.
But
It having been ascertained by the SPEAKER
that a quorum was now present,
The House again lesolved itself into a Commit-
tee o.   the Whole; ¿nd
The question was then tak-n on agreeing to the
amendment and ("ended in the affirmative.
Mr BARNARD moved to amend tbe amend-
ment, as fohowt.
"That so much of this sum as shall be anphed
for repairs, shall be under the direction of the Se-
cretary of War."
Which amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FLOYD moved that the entire clause, as
amended, be stricken out; but the motion did not
prevail.
Mr. GREEN moved to strike out the following
item:
"For compensation fto the officers and clerk of
the Branch Mint at Charlotte, six thousand dollars."
After some remarks by Messrs. GREEN, MA-
SON, GRAHAM, HUBBARD, CONNOR, and
GRAVES, and before the question was taken,
The committee rose, reported progress, and asked
leave to sit again; and then,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesdat, February 17,1841.
Mr. RUGGLES presented the credentials of the
Hon George Evans, elected by the Legislature of
Maine a Senator of that State in the Senate of ths
United States for six years from the 4th of March
next; which were read, and ordered to be placed on
file.
The VICE PRESIDENT submitted a commu-
nication from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting a report of a board of officers directed to
make experiments with Colt's repeating fire arms.
Mr. WALL moved that it be laid upon ths
tab'e and printed; which was amended upon motion
by Mr. WILLIAMS to include a report made at a
former session on the repeating fire arms of
M'ghill Nuttig; and the motion as amended was
agreed to.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented a report and
joint resolutions of the Legislature of his State re-
lative to the continuance of the Cumberland road;
which, after some remarks from Mr. S. were laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut, from the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims, to wh'ch a memorial
on the subject had been referred, reported a bill au-
thorizing a settlement of the accounts of Silas
Drane; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading, and the report and documents ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
bill for the relief of Samuel R. Slaymaker, report-
ed the same without amsndment.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, the bill was
then taken up ard considered as in committee of
the whole; and, after being explained by Mr. B.
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr NORVELL, trom the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which a memorial on the subject
had been referred, reported a bill granting the
Mexican Gulf Railway Company th« right of way
through the public lands, ; hich was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. ALLEN presented a memorial remonstrat-
mg against the repeal of the Independent Treasury
law; which was laid on the table.
Mr. A. also presented the memorial of 107 citi-
zens of Perry county, Ohio, remonstrating against   .
the passaged the bankrupt law, which was laid   j
on the table                                                               f
Mr. TALLMADGE piesented the petition of   •
Sarah Van Duzer, which was re erred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.                                            ,
Mr. SEVIER presented a memorial, which he   •
said was the first of the kind from his State, of 20
citizens of Chicot county, Aikansas,m favor of the    ;
passage of a bankrupt law, which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr KING presented the petition of the Presi-
dent and Direc ors of the Mobile and New Orleans
Railroad Company, pra)ing th*t the duty on cer- _
tarn railroad iron may not be collected until there is
an opportunity of laying it on the road; which, as
a bill had been reported on the subject, he would
ask might be laid on the table.
Mr WALL, from the Committee on the Ju-
die ar'y, reponed a bill to declare the rights of the
children of the citizens ot the United States born
abro?d; which was read, and ordered to a second   t
T'psd.iflS?'                                                                                          *
Mr PRESTON, from the Joint Committee oa
the Library, to which the bill to appoint trustees for   \
for the investment of the Smithsonian fund had been   |
referred, reported a bill to incorporate the national.   |
