1#;____________________
Ttttraity, as well as-fbr the purposes of the Trea-
sury, it is essential that the nation should possess a
currency of uniform value, credit and use,
where ter it may circulate; that the Constitution has
entrusted Congress exclusively with the power of
creating and regulating a currency of thi-s descrip.
tion; and that measures should be taken by Con-
gress in execution of this power, to relieve the
country from the evils and embarrassments of the
present ¿eranged condition of the currency, by es-
tablishing one equally useful to the people and to
the Government, and of uniform value and credit
in every State in the Union.
3.  Resolved, That the act of Congress in relation
to the collection, keeping, and disbursement of the
public money, approved on the fourth day of July
last, commonly denominated the Independent or
Sub-Treasury act, was uncalled for by the people,
and is against the genius of our free institutions,
tending to substitute ametallic for our present mixed
currency, and ought forthwith to be repealed.
4.  Resolved, That if the alternative is necessarily
presented of a National Bank, with all the restric-
tions that a people jealous of their liberties would
require in such an institution, and the exis'ing
Sub-Treasury system, we are in favor of the for-
mer, and opposed to the latter.
5.  Renlved, That we deprecate a national debt,
and direct taxation in time of peace, to provide
means to defray the ordinary expenditures of the
General Government; that there should be a revi-
sion and adjustment of the tariff, so as at once to
furnish a revenue equal to ihe necjssa* expendi-
tures, and to encourage and proiect American in-
dustry.
6.  Resolved, That a bill providing for a just and
equal distribution of the proceed-! of the public
lands among ihe several States, commends itself to
our consideration as an act oí justice due alike to
all, and oueht to pass into a law.
7.  Resolved, That the Hon. Reufl Williams,
previous to his election to the Senate of the United
Sta'es, having declared and published that it is the
duty of the elected to carry into effect the will of
his constituents, if he is instructed what that will
is, or resign bis trust, we, tl erefore, hereby instruct
him that the foregoing resolutions express the will
of his constituents.
8.   Reiolvtil, That our Senators and Representa-
tives in Congress be requested to vote for any bill
or proposition now before Congress calculated to
carry into effect the principles contained in the
foresoin ; resolutions, and to introduce and support
such measures as sha'l accomplish ihe same objec',
if not now beitSie Congress.
9.  Resolved, That the Governor be requested to
transmit a copy of the foregoing resolutions to each
of our Senators and Repiessntauvcs in Congress
from thi-' State.
The resolut'ons were then, on motion by Mr.
WILLIAMS, laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MOUTON presented a memorial of Kohn,
Daron and Cempany, praying that the duty on
certain silks may be refunded; «bjch'was referíed
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BENTON presented, at the rrquest of the
Delegate irom Iowa, a preamb'e and resolutions
unanimously adopted by cit?ens of the county of
Dubuque, claiming a right of pre-emption denied
them by the C imrnissioner of the General L<and
Office; which was referred to the Committee on the
Public Lane's, and ordered to he printed.
Mr. B. a!.o presented a memorial from Gen.T
S. Jesup, st.itmg that, by an error in the prinfr 
of a citain document, much injury had been done
him, and prayng such redress as Congress, in its
wisdom, may think proper to accorc;"which was
referred tore Committee on Military Affairs
Mr. MOUrOiV, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of E
Gonon, submitted a report accompanied by a bill
to authorize the Secretary of War to cause experi-
ments to be made m a system of ¡el-graphs; which
was read and ordered to a second reading, and the
report ordered to be printed.
The resolution submitted on Tuesday by Mr.
Norveix to admit ladies to the privileged sea's on
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
the floor of the Senate, was laid on the table—Ayes
21, noes 20.
The resolution submitted on Tursday by Mr.
Hubbard, rtlative to the election of Printer, was
taken up, and Mr. HUBBARD briefly gave the
reasons for its adoption.
Mr. HUNTINGTON thought the Congress to
come into existence afier the 4th of March next,
would be as competent to elect a pria'er for i;seif
as the present body was to elect a printer for it. Bat
as the ostensible object was to carry out what was
supposed to be a compulsory and obligatoiy act of
Congress, he thought it beicane necessary to con-
sider what that act wa=, and the practice of this
and the other branch oí Congress under it. The
act was in the form of a joint resolution of the
two Houses, which, sanctioned by the President,
had the force of law. He then quoted the origi-
nal resolution of 1819, and traced the action of
Congress under it to the present time, and showed
that in the Senate, in every instance, the printer
had been elected at the close of the preceding ses-
sion; and in the House th? same course had been
followed until 1833, when amotion was made in the
House of Representatives to lay it on the table, and
next te¿ postpone it; and subsequently it was treated
as a dead letter, by the House, for it refused to be go-
verned by it. And now ¡her? were three things that
were worthy of consideration: First, was th? resolu-
tion compulson? If ¡hat question were answered in
the negative, the next question was, was it necessary
now to appoint a printer; and if not, was it expe-
dient to do *o1 The lesnlu'ion was originally in-
tended to have ¡he force of law, and it was intended
with this object, that nhn Consress got together
it should have the means of causing its woik to be
done, and ¡hat the printer shon'd have auhoiity
for doing it. The law then was intended to b? ob-
ligatory; but one branch of Congress had violated
it, and now they were not bound to act under it; in
his judament there was nothing compulsory in. t'mt
law as 't sto.'d, with the pr/ctice of the House of
Representatives under it. And if not compulsory,
was theie any mces-ity to act under it] Te.ere
was no necessity, for they had a printer appointed
for the period intervening between th's day and the
4>h of March; and it was known that the Senate
would meet on that day, when such provision could
be made as Ihe Senate might deem requisite. Was
it then expedient On the 4th of March the politi-
cal complexion of that bxly would be changed,
and if the Senate, in a fortnight from this date,
should reverse the act of the present Senate, if ¡h>s
resolution should be acted upon, by the exercise of
it! constitutional rhht in the appointment of a
printer foe itself, theie would be raised a cry of
proscription, and a demand would be made for
compensation for the i.^s of (he appointment.
Now, l.e, for one, and he spoke only for one,
should not, at any future period, consider this
election (if an election should take p'ace,)
as inter'erin^ with the appointment of one
by the next Senate, and he hoped one of the first
acb of that body would be to reinstate itself in its
constitutional riehts, and appoint a printer for
itself. He '.hould, therefore, move that the consi-
deration of this resolution be postponed until the
4th of Match next.
Mr. HUBBARD desire 1 tn answer -he objections
of the Senator from Connecticut, who had occupied
the principal pattof ¡he morning hour in wak-
ing his objections known, but, in justice to the Se-
nator from Missouri [Mr. BehtonJ who intended
to address the Senste on the Bsnkrupt bill, he
could not now have the opportunity to do so. It
was, however, his intention to fake an early oppor-
tunity to answer the honorable Senator fully, and,
therefore, he ?hould no v ask the Senate to strike
out the word "Thursday,''¡he d-.y on which he
had proposed that the {lection should take place,
leavme the blank to be filie i up herea'ter, for he
apprehended they were to have a long debate upon
the resolution, and next to lay Ihe reso'ution on the
table, which he promised he would call upon again
to-morrow.
The Senate concurred, and then proceeded with
the debate on
THE BANKRUPT BILL.
Mr.BENrON being intitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the Senate for two hours in favor of the
proposition to include banking institutions within
the operation of a bankrupt law.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama next rose, and taid he
proposed to make a few remarks, but, at the re-
quest of Mr. MANGUM, gave way to a preposi-
tion for an adjournment,
And the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, February 18, 1841.
On motion of Mr. DA VIES, of Pennsylvania, it
was ordered that henceforth the House will t?ke
a daily recess from half-past two to four o'clock,
p. m.
Mr. JONES of Virginia moved to suspend the
ruies, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, with
a vi=w to proceed with the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
1841.
Mr. STANLY requested Mr. Jones to give way,
to enable him to oif^r the following amendment,
moved by him on yesterday:
"And lie it farther emcted, That the Secretary of
the Treasuiy be directed to ins'itute an inquiry into
th? epilations of the branch mints at Charlotte,
Pahlonega, and New 0,leans, and to inform the
House of Representatives, early in the month of
December next, whether these mints have answered
¡he purpose of their creation; what amount of gold
and silver has been coined at each of these branches.
And ¡he said Secretary is further directed to inform
this House whether the Mint at Philadelphia is not
comnetent to do all the coinage necessary for the
purposes of the country; and whether future opera-
tions at ihe branch mints may not be dispensed
wi.h, without injury to the public service. And
also, whethpr it be not practicable to disposo of the
present ros'ly buildinr-s and machinery, without
aiy considerable loss to ihe Government. And it
shall also be the duty of the S-e.retary to communi-
cate such other and further information in relation
to toe branch minis as may, in his opinion, tend to
enlishtca Ct ngress in deciiing the question of their
continuance or discontinuance."
Mr. JONES said the proposition of the honora-
ble member hai been decided by the Chair to be
out of order, when otfered by him as an amend-
ment to the bill, and that it must have been obvious
at the time, that in addition to the fact that it was
oat of order, gentlemen were preparing to debate it;
and that at this late peril d ot the session, with most
of the appropnaion oil's to act on, he could not
con-ent that any business should take precedence of
those bills.
Toe Hon-no than resolved itsself into a Commit-
tee of the Who'e on the state of Union, (Mr. Bell
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
CIVIL AN    DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GREEN, alter some remarks, moved to
strike out the following item:
"For compensa'i'n to the officers and clerk of
the branch mint at Dahloneg), Georgia, six thou-
sand dollars."
Mr. ALFORD opposed the motion. It seemed
to him suicidal. He hoped gentlemen would not
urge their persecuting measures; for, if the mint
should be continued, in place of BritUh gold, we
should have American gold. The internal re-
sources of Georgia had begun to be developed by
the operation of the Government; and he hoped
ftry would not be nipped in the bud. He there-
fore trusted that the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Green] would withdraw his motion.
Arter iome exolanations by Messrs. NESBIT,
ALFORD, and COOPER,
Mr. BLACK, having been detained from his seat
by indisposition at the time Mr. Nesbit said h:'s
speech, a--kej leave now lo propound a question
to his honorable colleague. Has he said, (remarked
3Sr. B ) direc'ly or indirectly, that I have misrepre-
sented him m fact or in substance, in my printed
speech, published in the Globe in reply to Ihe speech
he had delivered ou the Treasury note bill?
Mr. NESBIT repl:ed, that if his colleague had
been in hsseat, where he ought to have been, he
wouly hive •heard what he did say.   He had said
