that the gentleman's speech was calculated lo'mis-
lead public opinion as to what he (Mr. N.) had
,- said, and as to his position on the tariff question.
Mr. BLACK denied that he had done his col-
i league any injustice. He had inserted ta his speech
•   a written explanation handed him by that gentle-
} man as to his course, and then had shown that, in
I  his opinion, the measures advoca'ed by   his col-
league did not comport with his professions.    Be-
.   sides, Mr. Nesbit's speech u not printed as it was
!   dtlivered.   He had omitted to print many material
;   things that he ut tered on the floor, and one of the
!   most material of them was, that there was a change
of opinion in the State of Georgia relative to  the
tariff, which he attribu'ed to  "the event  of the last
summer."   I assert that he did utter these identical
Í    words; and I now ask him, distinctly, whether he
does or does not deny that he used these words'?
Mr. NE3BIT said, he would not submit to any
farther catechism.
Mr. BLACK. So far from misrepresentiiighim,
I have truly sta'ed him in all essential particulars;
and no man can say that the printed speech, bad
as it is, is tac speech which was delivered here.
To the spoken speech I replied, and I deny that I
have done him any injustice.
Mr. STEENRODfhen addressed the committee.
He alluded to the fairness and liberality of the
Chair in conducting the debae; and also to the
paity excitement which existed during the late
Presidential canvass. He had hoped, now that the
election was over, and the excitement had subsided,
that certain gentlemen wsuld have come to Con-
gress to carry out the principlss of economy and
reform to which they had professed such ardent
attachment before the people; but he doubted
wheiher these professions of economy and refoim.
corresponded with the principles which the same
gentleman here sustained.
Mr. S. then adverted to the several propositions,
1. For an extra session of Congress; 2. The dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the sales of the public
landsamong the State.-.; and 3. An inert ase of the
espendituies for the public service: and said he
deemed these propositions as questionable eco-
nomy.
Mr. S. then stated the policy of the Gov 'rnment
to be a reduced revenue and a limited expendi-
ture, and demonstrated that this was the policy
established under the preceding and present Admi-
nistration'--, and referred to the compromise act of
1833, and the distribution act of 1836, as establish-
ing this policy. He also referred to the high con-
sideration given  to  those acts by the country, as
•    well as by the representa'ives of the people. Al-
though gentlemen had avowed their disposition to
adhere t> this poücy, (saii Mr. S.) still the princi-
ples they contend for are calculated to undermine it.
Mr. S then adverted to the oft repeated charges
against the past and present Administrations, of
neglecting the public service—ths army, the navy,
furiifications, &c.—and showed, by a reference to
document.*, that a liberal policy had been pursued
towards those interests; that the vessels of the navy
and the naval force had been nearly doubled, the
naval stores increased, the apprentice system adopt-
ed in the navy, and the navy yards considerably
improved. Under the acts of 1832, 1836, and
1838, large appropriations had been made for forti-
fications, and for erecting new f^rts and repairing
old ones.
Mr. S. then replied te ths remarks of Mr.
Graves in relation to ths increase of the number of
officers of the Government, and animadverted in
detail upon the subject, showing that such measure
had been rendered necessary by the growing neces-
sities of our extended country.
Mr. S. feared, from what he had recently wit-
nessed in the House, that the past policy was to be
abandoned, and that the powers of the Government
were to be increased beyond what was warranted
by the Constitution; and, in connection with this
subject, refened tu the disposition here manifested
to seize on the money power, the taxing power,
anl the appointing power of the Executive, to in-
crease the strength of the Government beyond what
was warranted by the Constitution.
Mr. S. concluded his remarks by referring to his
past opposition to the incoming President, and his
COftGRÉSSÍOÍf AL GLOBE.
reasons for it; and expressed the fervent hope that
General Harrison would administer the Govern-
ment in accordance with its past policy.
After some funber remarks by Messrs. GRATES,
WARREN„ and COOPER of Georgia,
-   And it now be¡ng half past two o'clock,
The House, in pursuance of the order of to-
day, took a recess until four o'clock.
[Evening Session.]
After the recess,
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON beirg entitled to
the floor, but declining to speak,
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
GREEN to strike out the appropriation for the
branch mint in Georgia, and it was decided in the
negative.
On motion of Mr. W. C. JOHNSON, the bill
was amended, by the insertion of an item appro-
priating $3,000 for carrying into effect the act
passed on the 8ih instant, making temporary pro-
visions for lunatics in the District of Columba.
Mr. J. explained that the above amendment was
necessary, owing to the bill in question being so
vsguely viorded, that it could not be carried into
effi'ct.
Mr. HUNT moved to strike out the following
proviso:
Provided, however, That the district ?t'.orneys of
the Uniied States-, in and for the sveral districts,
the clerks and marshals respectively of the same,
shall render an account qisarter yearly, each and
every year hereafter, to the Secretary of the
Treasury, of all fees, emoluments, and receipts,of
every name and nature whatever by ihem respec-
tively received, by virtue of their said offices; which
account shall be rendered upon oath or affirmation,
and shall be in such form, and supported by such
prrofs as the Secretary of the Treasury, in h¡s
judgment, may prescribe for the purpose of en-
foicine the pr< viseen hereinafter named, that is lo
Ia>: If it shall appear that the salaries, fees, emo-
luments, receipts, and earning?, of any of the said
attorneys, shall exceed the sum of---------dollars,
then such attorneys shall pay such pxcess ii.to the
Treasury of the United Stales for general purposes
of the Government; and if the salaries, fees, emt-
luments, or earnings,  of any of said clerks, shall
exceed--------- dollars, then  the excers shall, in
like manner, be paid into the Treasury for the
purposes afcreeaid; and if the salaries, earnings,
fees, and emoluments, of any of ihe said mn-shals,
shall exceed the  sum of--------dollars, then such
excess shall also be paid into the Treasury for pur-
poses aforesaid.
Mr. HUNT said he intendednln gocd faith,
to car.y out a system of retrenchT.eh aad reform,
but it would be a sys'em to benffit t e people .'nl
ligh'en their burdens. Tnis proviso proposed no
such relief, but to leave the fees as high and oner-
ous as ever, taking to the Government, ihe larger
portion of them to replenish its bankrupt and ex-
hausted Treasury. It proposed taxing the poor
and unfortunate, these least able to bear burdens
for its own support. The true remedy was a fee
btll properly framed, and if no one else would
bring forward such a bill, he would himself move
in the subject at the earliest opportuaity which pro-
mised any action.
Mr. JONES of Virginia said, he had no desire
to resort to any measure by which the officers of
Government should not receive a full equivalent
for services performed. But he was not aware,
until an advanced period of the last session, that
the emoluments of these officers were a tenth part
of what they really were. It was not the iniention
of the committee to in'erfere with the regular sala-
ties awarded to these officers by law, but men ly to
limit the amount received in the shape of perqui-
sites.
Mr. J. proceeded to say (hat, from a statement of
facts presented in relation to the fees of thos-e < fii-
cers, it would rppear that the amount received by
them for personal services, was enormous. What
would the gentleman think of a single clerk, in the
Soulhern District of New York, receiving fees, in
the course of one year, to the amount of above
nineteen thousand dollarsl What would he think of
a District Attorney, in the Stale of New York, re-
let.
ceiving above twenty eight thtusand dotlurry&rm- '
num in the shape ot fee.4   Also, of a certain mar-
shal of a District in Mississippi receiving e'ght^ •
seven, thousand dollars per annum and upwards?
Shall I be told by the gentlemen from New York,
said Mr. J. that he is anxious for retrenchment and
reform, and yet be told that this sys'.em does not re- -
quire the pruning knife?
Mr. BROWN of Mississippi objected to his coa-
stituents being relieved from the extortionate fees
of the marshal in any such way as that proposed
in the bill. For instead of relieving the unfortu-
nate debtors, it would be merely pkcing ihe fees
in the public Treasury, instead of leaving them in
the hands of the marshal. He wished the fees re-
duced so that the poor debtors, and not the Govern-
ment, shou'd have the benefit of the reduction.
Mr. EVANS contended that the proviso could
not be properly admitted into the bill before the
committee, and when a proposilion should be made
for filling up the blanks, he would make that as a
point of order. He then endeavored to show that
the feos did not amount to so much as was sup-
posed, there being many deductions, etc.
After some remarks from Mr. BRÍQSS, in
which he urged the impropriety of attempting to
act on so intricate a subject at this laic period of
the session,
Mr. STANLY took the floor, and moved to
strike out the enacting c'ause of Ihe bill; which
motion took precedence of the motion previously
pending.
Mr, S after advocating at some length the ne- .
cessity for a National Bank, a duty on wines and
silks, distribution of the proceeds of the public
lands, &c. spoke in re'a'ion to the fourth instal-
ment, and said that it ought to be pa'd to the States,
for they were undoubtedly entitled to it.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON considered himself
under no obbgatioa to vote to pay the fourth, in-
stalment. He had voted for the law alluded to, as
a depo i e act only,
Mr. PICKENS said it was a deposite act on its
face.
Mr. STANLY replied iba! it was a distribution
b'H, notwithstanding it was entitled "An act to re-
gulate the public deposites;" and it was so called to
avoid O'd Hickory's veto upon it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said that, according to his
recollection—fur he was in Congress when the act
was passed—it was modified expressly to meet the
views of General Jackson. lis character was a
distribution biU, but the b-11 underwent a modifi a-
lion si as t^ avoid ihe President's veto. Mr U.'
remarked that he had voted for it as a distribution
bill.
Mr. PICKENS "aid the?en!lfm3n was mistaken.
The bill was on'y so nrvjifi-d as to give the Secre-
tary of the Treasury .he po-.ver to recall from the
States «uch ra'e?ble proporions of the deposites as
might be required by the necessities of the Tiea-
sury.
Mr. W. THOMPSON then alluded to the origin
of the bill; and said that it was discsssed m the mess
to which he at fiat time belonged, and every mem-
ber of it was of tie opinion that it wa*, bona fide, a
depodte bill. Such was the intention of the author
of the measure; and Mr. T. could not have voted
for it under any other circums'ances.
Mr. STANLY having concluded his remarks,
Tne committee rose, reported progress, and asked
leave tout again.
Mr. EASTMAN then moved that the House
8ga:n resolve itself into a committee of the Whole
on ihe state of the Union, on the 'b.ll to extend for
floe years the act, approved July 7, 1838, granting
half pay and pensions to wid'.w.."
And pending ÚV motion,
On motion of Mr. L. WILLIAMS, at 9 o'clock,
p. m.
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, February 19, 1841.
The VICE PRESIDENT submitted to the Se«
nate a letter (rum the honorable John Tyler, Vice-
President of ¡he Uniied States elect, notifying his
receipt, by special messenger, of the official notifi-
cation of his election; which was read,
