CONGRESSIONAL. &L.OBE.
26th Cong..........2nd Sess.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1841.
Volume 9......,....No. 13.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Continued from No. 12.
now you may provide for them. I fhould, were I
in like circumstances. I ana not to be gulled by
this talk about forbearance. For these iourtsen
years past all parties on all sides have exercised
power as long as they had it; and I expect they
will continue to do so always. Turn out Blair if
you choose. We will elect him, and th?n you may
turn him out as fast as you like.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky.   I have but one or
two words to say in reply to the remaiks of the
Senator from   Arkansas.    That   gentleman   has
entirely misquoted the express ¡or used by mesóme
days since.    What I said then I say now—that, in
my judgment, every man who is not faithful, capa-
ble, and honest, and whs has not abstained from
using the power he derives from the possession of
office to interfere  with the freedom of elections,
ought to be expelled from the office be has abused:
I never said thai all ought to be  turned out who
had displeased the Whigs.    What will be done by
the new Administration I do not know:  but I  ex-
press my own opinion openly, in the face of the
world.   The Senator referred to the appointment
of what were styled "the midnight judges" in the
time of the elder Adams: but that was not like this
case.   Those appointments were made to fiil ex-
isting vacancies: it was a case where cilices had
been created by law and   were not filled.    Mr.
Adams had a constitutional right to nominate per-
sons to fill them.    But does not the Senator know
that very act of apposing those judges in the last
moment of an expiring Administration produced
one universal burst of iadignation throughout the
country; and that one amongst the earliest measures
of Mr. Jefferson's administration was a motion made
by a distinguished and illustrious Senator from my
own Sta"e, now no more, to repeal that act?   And
what was the case under the younger Adams?   I
have no recollection of any nominations made by
him to fill existing vacancies.   I recollect as one
the case of my colleague, [Mr. Chittenden,] who
was nominated as a Judge of the Supreme Court,
tecali the vacancy occasioned by the death of Judge
Trimble; it was so with the nomination of the Go-
vernor of Arkansas, and with all the other nomina-
tions referred to by the Senator.   To carry on the
machine of Government, it was the duty of the Pre-
sident to nominate, whenever a vacancy occurred.
Bat is that this case?   Here is an office filled; and
the Senator who proposes an election is himself
going out of his seat in the Senate on the 31 of
March next.   I presume it will be sustained by ma-
ny gentlemen in a precisely similar situation. Here
is an election to be held, not to fiil a vacancy, for
there is no vacancy, but to anticipate íow a va-
cancy, which will not occur till a future and a dis-
tant day.   For what? for what?  I put it to the can-
dor of gentlemen—can they think that this is right?
Of all the delicate relations which can subsist be-
tween a public body like  this and any of its offi-
cers, that which it sustains to the printer of its do-
cuments is the most delicate. That is not at all like
the cases referred to.   Here has been a revolution,
a great civil revolution—peaceful, it is true—but
still a revolution; and now, just at the last moment,
when a repudiated Administration still holds pos-
session of power,  they propose, not for their own
accommodation—for before the appointment takes
practical effect they will be no longer in power—
but simply because they have the naked power to
do it, to force upon the succeeding administraticn an
individual known to be abhorent to all the feelings of [
their hearts, insomuch that Bothing can be con-
ceived more unacceptable to them than his occupa-
tion of that office.   And this at the moment we are
told, that all party animotities should cease, that
we should forget that we have been opponents, and
should part like brothers.   Gentlemen who have
held the Government for twelve long years, in this
last agonized moment of departing power, make
this attempt to force upon us, against all our feel-
ings, this their special favorite, their cherished pam-
pered Government organ! It is under these cir-
cumstances that I tell them, in my own name, and
as far as I am acquainted wiih their sentiments-, in
the name of all my friends around me, that we
should regard ourselves as recreant to our duty if
we did not, the first moment we possess the power,
turn him out, and put in his place a man more ac-
ceptable to those who will then occuy these seats.
And now, I give this timely notice to the gentle-
man who presses this measure, to the individual
proposed, and to all concerned, that no claims for
damages may arise hereafter.
Mr. KER gave his rea?ons for the vote he should
give, at some length, and said that, having no ac-
counts to settle for any past inconsistent vetes in
relation to this matter, as some gentlemen seemed
to have, he should record his vote, first, in favor
of the amendment of his friend from Connecticut,
to postpone the further consideration of the resolu-
tion till the 4th day of March next, and then, if it
became necessary, against the resolution itself;
and, at the proper time, when, in his judgment, the
canvenience of this body, and justice and propriety,
as they regard the rights of the new Senators soon
to come in, shall require an election of a Printer,
he should freely cast his vote for that individual
on whom he might think proper to bestow his pre-
ference.
Mr. NORVELL said that he did not rise to par-
ticipate in the debate or the merits of the question
before the Senate. That branch of the subject had
been exhausted. He rose to say, that the indica-
tions which had appeared in the remarks of Sena-
tors on the other side, in the progress of the pro-
ceedings this morning, afforded a presage of their
conduct, when they might come into the adminis-
tration, ia relation to ihe principle which they had
so often and so long denounced, that "to the victors
belong the spoils of office." He had heard enough
to satisfy him that they would act upon that maxim.
He trusted that thsy would, as their friends bad
done in every State in which they had obtained a
temporary ascendency, make a general change.
He hopei that they would sweep, as with a torna-
do, every political opponent, every Democratic Re-
publican, from office, from Maine fo Georgia.
They would thus demonstrate the insincerity of
their professions. They would only carry oat their
practices, wherever they had obtained power, in
opposition to their declarations when out of power.
Mr. PRESTON. I hope not. I hope and be-
lieve no such thing. It may do very well as com.
ing from that quarter; it is natural enough that they
should hope we shall follow their example; but I
have heard no such determination avowed; no
such sentiment even hinted at. I protest against
it; it is not Whig doctrine; the Administration
coming into power reject and repupiate the infa-
mous maxim that to the victors belong the spoils.
The spoils?—what spoilb? The spoils of our com-
mon country? The spoils of our brethren and
fellow-citizens? Is the country a vanquished
country? God forbid. I should as soon think of
making spoil out of the possessions of my own
family. Too long have we seen the principle acted
upon all over the country; we come into power
repudiating it from the very bottom of our hearts.
Mr. NoavELL. I hope so.
The gentleman hopes so; just now he hoped not,
Whatever his hopes or his fears may be, our ceuise
is independent of them, and will be shaped on far
higher principles than those he has ascribed to us.
Can any man object to fte sentiment which the po-
tential voice of my honorable friend from Kentucky
—a voice that is the echo of patrioiism and honor,
has just made to ring through this hall? Why
should any one object to the doctrine that aman
who is not honest, nor capable, and who has
prostituted the power of his office to subserve
the purposes of party, and to interfere with
the freedom of elections, should be turned
out of the office  he   has  abused?    Is   there
anything in principles of justice or policy, any
thing in the highest code of moral , to forbid
this? Is this sweeping the land like a tornado? Is
this practising on the principle that to the victor 
belong the spoils? Did not the distinguished per-
son, who is to be advanced to the head of the Go-
vernment, expressly take ground against such a
sentiment in a bill he introduced into Congress?
Do not his sentiments stand recorded against it?
We practise on a principle like that? No, sir, no;
this system of proscription is itself to be proscribed.
I stand oh that ground: and so help me God, I will,
so far as I am concerned, act upon it. I believe
those who are to be at the bead of the Government
have put themselves upon ihe same ground. They
come into power, not to divide the spoils of the
country among the members of a faction. When
that principle is avowed and followed, we cease
from that moment to be a Government and a peo-
ple: we pass into a conquered nation, and a con-
quering faction, that seizes the power and the forms
of Government only for the gratification of cupidi-
ty and revenge. Nevtr have I read in all the
pages of political profligacy a sentiment s© detesta-
ble as that the Senator has ascribed to us. Machia-
vel himself never conceived so foul a maxim, or
dared to avow it. The author of "The Prince"
would blush to utter such a thought.
There i?, at the bottom of all this, a principle
which has entered, in some sort, into the action of
this Government: I mean the principle that public
offices are not trusts held for the benefit of the peo-
ple, but mere mercenary rewards for political par-
tisans, and that in bestowing them our eye is to be
directed only to the salary which accompanies them.
I reject the principle. I protest against it. I regard
office as a sacred trust, and the salary attached to
the office a; a mere incidental thing. I hold that,
in appointing a man to office, it is not the interests
of the man that are to be looked at, but those of
the party for whose benefit the trust is conferred,
namely, the people. I hold the opposite to be a
mott dangerous principle, and, for one, I tell gen-
tlemen in advance that I will oppose the principle
wherever I mest it. I shall resist and denounce all
giving of office as a political reward, or turning out
of office for mere political opinion. I admit that it
may often be a very delicate task to decide in what
case an inlividual holding office has acted impro-
perly in the expression of bis political opinions;
when he has and when he has Bot transcended the
line of his duty in mingling in the party strifes of
the day. But I hold it to be a Whig doctrine, the
doctrine on which General Harrison, as President
of the United States, means te stand, that for mere
political op nion no man is to be proscribed.
In the present case, I would apply the doctrine
avowed by the Senator from Kentucky, that when
a man has abused the power derived from his of-
fice, he should be turned out of office.
And here let me say what I believe. It will be
asked, in reference to those who hold office, whe-
ther they have used the power of these offices for
party purposes; if they have not, and are honest,
capable, and faithful, they will not be disturbed.
[Here several voices on the other side of the Se-
nate were heard to say: "There is no such case-
there never will be."]
I admit it may be difficult to decide. Alas for
poor, frail, fallen human nature! It is hard to
judge a political opponent as we ourselves would be
judged. The strong feelings of the heart will steal
in and bias the judgment, in a greater or a less de-,
gree. All that can be asked is, that we put our-
selves on a sense of duty—that we endeavor to act
justly; and then, when a man is shows to us to have
flagitiously departed from his duty as a public of-
ficer, and made himself a busy and a noisy parti-
san, punish him by removing him from office. I
do not, however, pretend to set up a standard of
conduct for my party. I know there will be mis-
takes; mistakes will happen to the most upright,
