CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           195
rtn-,......         >    i   .i        i ■ ■  ■       —m—....   ■                                                                         '                                                                                                     '                                                              ■                                                                  i     i i ,   ■ n i i    .             >    -.   ! ....
consuls,) which, he rejoiced to say, would all be
protected fiom proscription, both by the letter and
spirit of the rule Pie had hunselt received some
letters from individuals of th s class, expressing
strong apprehensions lest they might be removed
from office; and he haJ not ventured to give any of
them much encouragement. He could no-v te'l
tbem that they might d smiss their fears—nay, that
they might even dispel t'^eir doub s—if they bad
had been honest, faithful, and capable Fiom their
residence abroad, and from the pu'ely commercial
natHre of their du  e<, it was almost impossible that
they could have abu«°d their olieial trusts, in pro
motmg the re election of Mr Van Huren These
useful public servsn's then, who were sea teied
over every civilized country on the fice of the
earth, and who had been eagagej ¡n iheir apprcpt.-
ate duty of aiding and protecting our foreign com-
merce, would all be safe under the tolerant sway
of the new Whig Adm miration.
There was another c'ass of officeis if offices
they might be called—he meant ihe clerks m the
different Departments—who would sleep «outlier
to-night than they had done since the íesult of the
Presidential election wasknevn 'íh ir condition
was most dependent at^d pi 11b e, and many
mothers, wives, and diughlers, had spent anxious
days and sleepless nights in diead, lest the r sons,
or husbands, or fa'hers, might be removed nom
office, and their families be thus dennved of the
means of subsistence. Let thtm now cheer up
and rest in perfect seeur ty. All was safe Ttie
disfranchisement of these clerks woalu prove to be
their best security. T^ey could not by possibility
have voted for Mr Van Buren, and the expression
of their opimo i in favor of bis re e'cction wruld
never cause their lemoval Nobody eva heard of
a mere clerk's appointment, in this disfranchised
District, be ng abused and brought into confl ct
with the freedom of elections Such an idea wruld
be ridiculous Now he mu^t coofe s that he him-
self had hitherto entertained an npnre'>ension le~t
such cleik* as had expre sed their opinion in favor
of there-election of Mr Van Buret), and pgamst
that of Geneial Harrison, might be removed for
this cause, but he wis now happy thus r. unholy to
acknowledge his mistake
By the multitude of office holders r" rojghout the
Union, "the potential voice" of the two Senators
would be heard with delight. For his own part, he
had been chiefly anxious about the fate of a worthy
and respectable widow lady, who was postmaster
in the city where he resided. Gentlemen might
srm'e, but postraa ter was the word, andan e\-el-
lent postmaster he was. This lady was the on'y
relic which remained of the olden time, when no
rule existed to preuent ladies from being appointed
postmasters. Her last companion had been a re-
spectable lady wh i \\ as postmaster at Georgetown,
but aven this companion bad rrc^ntlv deserted her,
and got married Sne wa , tl erefm-e, left smitary
and alone, beirg the only female in the Un ed
States who now held a post office whose emolu-
ments exceeded one thousand dollars, and who,
under thelawof 1836, had received her appointment
from the President and Senate. E^en this old lady
became apprehensive, from the Wh g movements
around her, that she m ght not be p?rmt ted to
serve out her term if ofK-<". He had to'd h r
not to be uneas/—-that General Hirr>on had
too much gallan rv to remo\e her, what-
ever might bs t .e ftte of oth"r office ho'der-
Thesea assurances he had vcn'ur'd 'o give ou the
merit of her own c'ni T> which h" bad th/> ight
would constitute an evoep'ion fr m "hat he ihen
believed woml b' th  <•  e \\ tul-* 3 e mi lit
now rest diub'y sa'i n d n t she «a- in n > din-
ger, because tt e-p wojIu be no p>o enp on f r
mere opinion'  sake a-/ h re, rnU'b ('/ iot' 1
pretend that this < Id lady h id eve1- cn'c el ihe fe'd,
armed w'h her effr al irflipn^-e oither ti defend
Mr Van Eurea or io a'tack Gen  Harris n
It was greit'y to be r g>e ted ihH the t in Sena-
tors had not, a' an ea lier p^i o', tnor-> d  tincil
avowed their horrrr of proscnm on Ti is m ght
have savsd th ir ne ,d  n d ffe e it portions , f tie
Union from much unnecessary tr< ubis andc\p n e
Thegeneral,thoughmi nk'nimprc  mnmbisS< ie,
had been that the po'iucal nends of Mr Van Bu-
ren would be removed, and that the Whigs, who
had borne the heat and burden oí the contes', would
be resarded With their places This erroneous im-
pression was mt conftrcd to Penn'jlvania, but had
certainly ex'ended to New Yoik, as he had lecent
ly received a let'er from a town in that State, and
that not a veiy large one either, info"rr Dg him that
there were twenty applicants for the post office
there—all strogghns to obtain subscribers, and all
ready to rush te Washington to attend the inaugu-
ration. These gent emen could not have known
that the system of rewards and puní hmeiits was
abolished forever, end that we we e now soon to be
blessed with a politicil m llemum.
The virtue of the Senators woa'd bs vo'ently
assailed; and if i* were capable of yielding to im
poriunity, we might dread the result. When Gene-
ral J?ckson first c.me into power, the apphcan s
for office weie more numeious ihan ha had eve-
expected to witness, but, from what he had h°ard,
the rush for rfft e here on the fourth of March next,
would greatly surpass any ihing which had ever
b*en ceen before Numerous as had been tV indi-
viduáis "nxious 'o obtain (ffice on ihe acee-sion of
General Jack on, he w< uld venture to predict that
there woild be, m th  city of Washington, on tie
day of G neral Harr «on's in,(Ugni?tion, at le¡i t
doub'e th?t number of patriot c Whigs, rpady to
rush into the ervice of thur country, and seze
upon official staiioi.s.
The qu stion was then taken on Mr Huntiso
ton's motion to po.tpone, and nega ived—yeas 10,
nays 26, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Bajard, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Dixon, G aham, Henderson, Huntington,
Ker, Knight, Mangum, Mtrrick, Pnntiss, Pies'on,
Rives Rufgle ,Southard, Ta'Iniadg , Webster, and
White—19
NAYS—Mecsr A"en, Anderson, Ben'on, Ea
'hanan, Gall oun C ny <f A'dl aria, Cu hb rt, Fu -
ion, Hubbirl, King, Linn, Lumpkin, MoUon,
Nicnola^, N choUon, Nor veil, Pierce, Rsane, Se-
vier, South of Cenn«cticit, Sturgeon, Tappan,
W^ll, Williams, WnJit, and Young—26
The question was then tak^n on the resolution,
and it was passed in the followirg woids-
liesohed, Tnat the Sena'e will, op Saturday next
at one o'clock, proceed to t1 e elec ion of a Public
Prnter for the Stna.e for the Twenty-seventh Con-
gress
Mr CUY of Kentucky thrm moved to take up
his resoiuiion for the repeal of the Independent
Tre?sury bill, wh ch was agieed 'o—ajes 23, noes
23, as fol 0V.Z-.
YEA9—Messrs Bayard, Benton, Buchanan,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon, Graham, Hen-
derso'j, Hubbard, Hun inston, Ker, Knight, Min-
gum, Merrick, Prentiss Preston, Rives, Rusgles,
Sou hard, Tallmadge, Webster, White, and Wright
—23
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Arderson, Calhoun
Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Kmg_ Lmn,
Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholas, Nicholson, Norvell,
Pierc, R ane, S3vier, Sm th of Connecncut, Stur-
geon, TMppan, Wall, Willia"iS, and Young—22
Mr CL\Y cf Kentucky ^aid he had no m'en-
t on of pressing a vote on the resolution to night,
and ttould therefore move an adjournment.
Several Sena'ors exp-e^sed a wish that the que"-
t on mi ht be deposed of this even ng, but the rro-
t on for adjournment was carried—ayes 22,
n<es 12
An 1 'he Senate adjojrntd
HOUSE OF REPPEiENTATIVE''.
Fbid y, Feb u t\ 19   l"Ht
As * on as  h  j i ui a1 ha 1 b ei re-i 1,
\I    HOLME-3 < f 9 mih Caio' bj ro e   pndcl-
s iv d that as Ik had nut the > on >r of 1 l- r n   Hit
p ech   f ih   „enu man f omNor h C id n? [ifr
Sun?]   on  la t  even   g, he drs r«.d  tía-   tirt
f ni!e"i"n a q íe tion     (Vlr Sianly hal  a t-ck   1
n a vtry uncerein^muu  way the repoit p>s 1 res > a-
i     s of th' Coi"n lite on Fekril R litio s m lh-
L  i li ure  ot S uth  C r>lma, and whi h  were
i e<i <.h pie-en p\  o the Ilou^e )
!       Mr  STAiSLY objected  *o it,  i>h'ess  ano po-
u nity shtu d be  Effi rd d to all o her Bei.tlcujfn
[ who m'ght wish to explain.
Mr HOLMES was understood to appeal to the
courtesy of the gent'eraan from North Carolina to
withdraw his objection. He (Mr H) did not in-
tend to enter into any argument on the subject,
but merely to ask a simple courteous question.
Mr STANLY persisted m his objection, and
desired the gentleman to wait until the House
snoidJ go again into Cimmutee of the Whole,
when any remark he might wish to make would
bo in order.
Some discussion of a canver-ational character
here aro^e, during wnieh Mr CAMPBELL of
S uth Carolina ro e, and hoped hi*, colleague [Mr.
Holmes] vouldn t notice any remarks the gen-
tl mm from North Carolina [Mr. bTAt«LY] had
made against their S a'r. For, however puissant
i e member from Norm Carolina might deem lum-
clf, he, Mr. C. would assure him that his arm vas
i< o short to reach South Carolina Mr. C hoped
t-.at h.s eoheague [Mr Holmes] would never nr-
ti e any thing the member might say s,gamst South
far din í, bul to adopt tie course he, Mr. C had
re oivi d to do, viz to treat th  member, whenever
he snoke sga nst that S   ip, with silent contempt
Mr SFANLY rose, and hol'tng outhtsarm,
'aid i* was long enoi gh to reach any gentleman in
t .e House, or words to that elf ct
Madi confusion here arose, with considerable
laughter, anJ it was with some difluulij that the
Ciuie succeeded m re«tonrg order.
'Ihe SPEAKER stated that the question before
he He use was the motion made by Mr. Eastmak
last night, (and dunrtg the pendency of which the
House adj urntd,) to suspend the rules for the
purpose o* go'ng >nto a Committee of the Whole
on the sta e of ihe Union, and tak ng up the bill to
exiíid, for five jea-s, the act approved July 7,
1^38 "granting half-pay and pensions to certa n
wido*  "
Mr WADDY THOMPSON r'k"J Mr. East
m n to ttuhir-iw Ins motion, to enab'e him to re-
p it a bi 1 rom the Comm-ttee on Mmtarj Affairs,
in conformity with the resolution of the Houss of
the 17 h instant, instructing t>at committee to re-
pi rt ? bi'l making the necessary appropriations for
for * ii'ioo", naval armaments, and other neecssa-
i y pre  a'ations to place the country m a proper
s a'e of defence
But Mr EASTMAN íefusing,
The question was then tai en by yeas and nays,
i n suspending the rule-, and i* was decided in the
affirmative—jeas 10G n?5>-42
So t'.e House resolved ifelf into a Committee of
ihe Wti.b on t'*e state oí the Un on, (Mr. Evans%
n the chair,) on said bdl, which  was read, as
follows-
A B'LL to extend, for five years, the act approved
July se.entb, eighteen hundred acd thirtj-e'ght,
"grintmg half pay and pensions to certain w*-
d >ws "
Be ¡t enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Um'ed Stales of Jmena in Con-
gi'is assembled, That the "Act granting half-pay
and pens ons to certain Widows, approved July
seventh, e gh een bundled and thirty-eight, be, and
'he same is hereby, extended and declared tobe in
full foKe for a.d during the term of five years
from and afiei the fourth day of March, eighteen
inndied ana f< rty-one, and the widows alreadly pen-
sioned under said act, shall receive for anl during
said five year-, the same annuity or pension taat
they now r?c i e by virote of said act.
Sec 2 JlnJ be ü furth r enacted, That the mar-
nag  of he widow, a' ter toe dea h of her husoand,
f >r w"io e se v ces- she claims a pension under said
,ct, sUM le no b'r to the clan- of such widow
11 toe be itfi < f .aid act, she feeing a widow *t
lh° 1,01  she makes ap¡ 1 cation for such p ns.cn.
Glo 3 And bi it further eneded, That the widows
of s. c - effioers and "oU era as -have died <* nee the
ra sage of -ailaot, or shall hereafter die, and the
wi ov s r>* stch<fiicers ,-nd told its a. have died
n e the pas ¡>£e of the act of July fourth, eish-
t en hu-d ^d th rtj six graniirg half pay to wi-
du s ntii orphans in ce'U n ci«is, shall be entitled
to -ensions urd'r saidacs resp-ctive y, they be-
mtj o Jerw'se en it1 d ther"'o, and widows ;t the
time applies* on *or a pension is made.
Mr. EASTMAN buefly recapitulated ihs pra
