198
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not, because in terras they are not such, and he
had seen in the reports of the proceedings of that
Legislature, while the resolutions weie under con-
sideration, that the same majority wh ch parsed
them, refused, by a vete, taken by ayts and noes
to adopt an amendment then proposed to precele
the words "the honorable" m these word - ' believ-
ing the doctrines of mstruCtons to be founded in
sound sense and enligh'ened reason, and hoi in 
firmly to the opinion that it is the duty of the elected
to obey the will of the elec'ors, or e se to resign the
trust confided to his care." Agin, if the rnijor iy
intendsd to instrncf, and to make themselves je
sponsible for votes given in canfcmity with the
resolutions, why did they not do it in terms not
liable to misconception or di'-pute? Vv^y "in^tru-t
him that the foregoing re olutionsexp-ess the wil of
his constituents," and nothing more? Suppose (sa 1
Mr. W.) his vote should be given in accorda c
with what the Legislature d< Care to be the will of
his constituents, and it should prove that such was
not the will of hts constituents, or 'hat ruinous con-
sequences should result from such a volt, and upon
being called to account for thus voting, he should
attempt to screen himself from the responsibility ¡if
the vote, and cast it upon the Legislature of his
State, could he do it' M'ght not the majority well
say that by the reflations thev meant tu instruct
him what they considered and h Id to be the will
of his constituents, and then 1-ave him ts act upon
his own responubili'y? and that they had no idea
of responsibility further than to exprés their <p
nion of tc e w II of hi  eonsti'U'-nls'i
Butjconmued Mr W it ma/be t-u I that, pl-
though the Legislature had not instructed, or in-
tended to instruct him, in such manner as to mpkc
them responsible for the votes he might give pursu-
ant to their resolutions, still it was his duty to obty
or resign, in con equen-e of his answers: to cet am
questionspabhshet near the time of his first ike-
lion to the Senate, and ¿lluded to in ihe resolutions
Is this so? To determine thispo'it, the que^ion
and answer should both be considered, and ihey
are these Question—«Is it the right (f the people,
through then Representatives, to instruct t'icir pub-
lic servants, anl direct thtir action up n ¡Ml me-
ters of general irt *e t, and i it o, is v i 0>, the
imperative duty of such puol c srr ■> i s to i 0°y
such instructions 01 give up the tru is coifidtd to
them?" Answer—"I regard tie elected as the
rgentof the electors By the elector, a corn
e'ence is repo&ed m 'h  agen', anl he is n set,
in the absence of instructions, according to hs
best julgmen'ard diicretim, when jnsn.ce/i, he
is to vote ihc w U of his constituents, ¡Í ho ¡ an con-
sc entiously—it not, to res <;n his trust, and th reby
put it in thepowrol tho ¿who gave hi Tt rower,
to cause thtir will to be obejed." Taking the
question and answer togethei,is there any th n~
m them to charge or cnUve the doctrine of in-
structions as.gcoera"y nceivid anl understood
What is there m this answer bejoml admitting the
ryht of the Legislature to instruct their pnblr
agen";, and duccl th jr action upin all rofttirs of
general interest, and the d'l.y of the agent, wlim
thus mstructel and th re eel to obey or r< -> •  >1
For h ms lf, 1c would <**<r .hit ro hing more
wa^ intended, and t> at 1 e could not ee I ow o 11 s
could fa.it)> mike any think ir re i f it Mr V
adled thit thi. L-gNitu1-' of bisS.'tc were now
in sees on, und woul 1 have amp'i, opotrtuiity o
instruct hiru add duect lus acton upon any sub-
jects of general nterost th^j m ght thoise, bef >re
any action could be hid by 00gnso «p. n sus h
¡.nbjects, and if they slnll take the respons biluy
of the votes which tbey m<\ direc  lum to gnM he
should promptly ^bey cr le ign
Mr, SEVÍCR ¡hen c b t ned t-e Ooo-, and re-
newed the mo ton ti lay the res< lu ion < n the t?Me,
giving notice he wou' 1 i ct w h 'raw it for fuend
or foe.
The question was tnen t. ken on laying the reso-
lution on the tab'e, and dec d¿j in the aifirma ive—
aj es 27, noes 35, as follows
YEAS—-Messrs. Allen, Anderson Benton Bu-
cianan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert,
Futton, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton,
Nicholson, Norveil, Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Se-
vier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Wa'ker, Wall, Wil i ms, Wnght, and Young—27
NAYii—Mews Bayard, Bates, Clay oí Ken-
tucky, C'ayton, Crittenden, Dixon, Graham, Hen-
derson, Huntington, Ker, Knight Mangum, Mer-
rick, Nicholas, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss Preston,
R ves, Rusg'es, Snith of Indiana, Southard, Tall-|
madge, W-baler, and White—25                           '
Mr LINN then moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideiation of  bills co-nected with  the ■
Teintones, and, after a few remarks from Mr.
BUCHANAN  m favor of the  motion, it was
agreed to.
I'r MER.RICK gave notice that on Monday he
would ask the Senate to take up the bill for the re-
chrrterof th? banks of the Dis'rict.
The bill to prov dc for running and marking the
northern boundary ¡me of a tract of land reserved
for the h^lf-breedsof the Sac and Fox tribes of In-
dians and
The bill granting to the county of Johnson, in
the Territory ot Iowa, the right of pre-emption to
a tract of land for a seat of just'ee for said coun
ty; and repealing the second section of an act ap-
proved the 3d day of March, 1839, entitled "An
act making a donation of land to the Territory of
Iowa, for the purpose of erecting public builtirgs
thereon;
were severally cons dered as in committee of t! e
whole, aud ordered to be engrossei for a third
reading
The Senate then went nio Executive session.
And then adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Sailrday, February 20, 1841.
As soon as ti e journal had been read,
Mr SMITH of Indiana moved to amend the
journal, as foil his
"Mr Svuth o' loduna asked th'general con-
sent ot the House to allow him to lay before the
House, and have printed, a number ot joint resolu-
tions which had been accumulating on his hands
from his Leg] lature
"It being objected to by Mr. Russfll,
'Mr Smiti then moved to u^pend the rules for
ihe pu o e c f lev*, which was ru'ed oat of order
by the Chair
"Mi. John W Jonfs having obtnned the fnor,
moved that the Hou^e resolve itself into Com-
mit ee of the Whole on the styteof the Union "
Mr SMITH sA'd re Wished lus mo'ion to ap-
pear in tie journal that he h d attempted as he
h 11 fr.quen'ly attemf>ttd, tu obtain the floor for
that purp s  He thought it due to lus S.die i nd
e p^cjally to hirrrelf, as thev were in hts opia'un
irtet.ded for himself and others of his colleagues
who act her" politically with him
Mr CRABB and Mr. LINCOLN objected 'o the
pbcin  of this motion on he journal, on the ground
that it was untvsuil, and if trduiged in, would svvlII
it to an enormous s z*
Mr SMITH repliel, though it was unusual,
and p rh?p3 improper, he could have it appear on
the j )urnal by calling for th" ayes .mdnof s, but he
sai!, as the time of ¡he Il^use was precious, and
ih< se sion far spent, he would withdraw the pro
po ltion to amen I, but fB'e i otice th?t he wo i'd
take every opportunity to introduce them, and he
hoped   he House wou'd affoid that opportumtv.
Mr RUSSELL '-iid thit is this was one of the
dijt. sets apart for the ctnsidention of priva'e bills,
he wojU m ■fe that the day be devoted to the pur
po«e
The SPEAKER siKge ted that a suspension of
thr rules was necssary
Mr FILLMORE then moved a suspension of
the rulei
Mr. IONES of Virginia hoped that the mrtion
would not prevad, as there nere but a few dejs of
the session now remainii'g in wh ch to transact the
public busire s.
Th? question  a° tn n lairen—yeas 79, nay (13,
nrt tvo thirds
So the i ule   were n^t suspended
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BTI L
On motion of Mr JONES of Virginia, the House
then resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Lihcoln m the i|
chur,) and re&umed the consideration of the bill
making appropriation for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year 1841.
The question pending being the motion of Mr.
Stanly to strike out V e enacting clause—
Mr. UNDERWOOD, beng entitled to the floor,
observe 1, alter soms mtrt ductory remarks, that
hts object was to call ihe a'tenlion of the House
and the countiy to abuses wh ch ought to and might
b" corrected to a gicat ex'en , if Congress would
act properly on the subject now before them; and
after saying that he had some amendments which
he intended 'o offer, alluded to the waste of time by
memoe'o of the Hotis", in raising uselevs questions
ot order ?nd calling the jeis and nays, as one of
tnese abuse" He also r ferred to the fact that the
pootmas'er of th- city of New York received, in
addition to h ? sala,y, by perquisites from box rent
and branch post offices, the sum of twenty-six thou-
sand dollars per a mum—one thousand dollars
•nore than the salary of the President of the United
States. In le^t on to custom houses, Mr. U.
would mt speak of those in Charleston, Boston,
New Orleans, Philadelphia, and other cities, but
would merely po nt to the cus om-house of New
York, .'nd by that, gentlemen might make their
estimates in respect to those of other cities of
the Unan. It appealed from documentary
evidence that the collector of the customs, the
naval officer, and the sjrveyor of the port, received
¿14 000 each from the c mdemnation of a single
importatnn, and the collector, in addition to his
sslary, e c none year, amassed the enormous sum.
of th rty-nne thou anl d liars'
Mr U af cr somesugg sfons respecting the cus-
toms, said tiat m no po sib'e way could the re-
venue for the coming year amount to any thing
like what w.'s estimated by the Secretary of the
Tr "surj, ?-d for that reason, Mr. U said we
ought to husoaiH our reiources, so far, at least, as
this Congres was concerned, because he appre-
hended there would be a deficit in the Treasury.
He would not go into a d'scussion of ihe tariff,
duties on wi les and silks, etc , that would be pre-
mature, and in effec, remitked that the duties on
all the artte'es that entered nto the consumption of
the people o isht to be so equalised as to make the
bur lens of Govcrnm nt tall equally upon all.
Mr U expressed his ontmon that, to accomplish
the objects lor wb/ch tnis Government was esta-
blish d, it was neccs ary to dimmish the number
of Eep-eoertattvcs in the House to one half—to a
busirevs stan lard, <tr d after illustrating his argu-
ment sud ht", as l ¡6 H use was now constituted,
it vas imp issiblt to transact the public business
wi h any dejree of expedition
Mr U said the presumed conduct of the next
AdmmisiraLon, ?nd a number of important ques-
tions—'he public lands, internal improvements, as
well as the tariff, lad been made the subjects of
dt cussmn m the Hou^e It had been said by a
gent'eman froai Ohio [M' Duncan] that the dead
march would bep'ayed over General Harrison and
the Wh g pax y m 1844 Th?t was Lochiel's
warning, am', said Mr. U it ought to come to pass
unless the Wh g party adhere to the principles
which ihey promulgated before the election. But if
jou vv.ll carry out ihe principles which brought
you ldto power—if you will make an In-
dependent Treasury n fact, let Congress ap-
poiat the S«cietary of the Treasuo, and amend
the Constitution so as to appoint the Postmaster
General m the same way. If you allow them to
be independent men, lequumg them to look into
l«ws, and not to the White Hoave, for a definition
of their duties, > ou r ad ministration will be glorious.
Mr U sa'd, he would belong to a party so long
as it fongV for principle, but so soon as they should
scramDle for the spoil', he was off He never be-
longed to such a patty, ind never would. But he
believed ti-e coming Administraron would adhere
to it> policy, and carry out the great principles for
which its friends had entended
Mr U was in favor of s distribution of the
proceeds of the sa'es of the public lands ard for a
National Ban!. It that could not be established,
he would pgree so to amend the Sub-Treasury law,
that every man might there deposite a silver dollar,
and receive a Government bill in return for it. Mr.
