CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           203
«fflti.i........■■—-----—-—...'■........■■■—--------------------------------------------------------------------------------,---------------------------------------------------------------.--------------------------_                                _-      .-----.....-------"     "-               ■■■■.......                             ■ ■-■ ■ -            i    rti   -'.i         i        -i        -----UM , i    ■        ....   — a.-— i, —     ■......
different from that under consideration, and se
condly, ihat the  amendment  related to a class of
officers for whom no appropriation wa3 made in the
bill
And provided also, That in addition to the account now re
quired to be rendered by every collector of customs naval ofii
cer, and surveyor of ports, every such collector, naval officei,
and surveyoi, shall, each and every year hereafter, render a
quarter yearly account under oath to the Secretai y of the Trea
surym such film as said Secietary shall piesciibe, for the
purpose of giving fulleffect toihis pioviso, of all sumsof mo
ney by them lespectively received or collected for fine's penal
ties, or forfeitures, 01 for seizure of goods, waies, or merchan
dise, or on account of suits instituted foi frauds against the
revenue liws, or for lent and storage of goods, wales or mei
chandise, be> ond the rents paid by the collector or other such
officer and if from such aciountlrs it shall appeal that the
account reulved in any ote yeai, by any collector, navil off]
cer, or surveyoi, on accmnt ol fine's and penalties or forfeit
ure*, and on account of any seizures made oi suits institute-!
for frauds or evasions oi the revenue laws, and tor rents and
storage as af resald shall in the aggregate, cxcetd the sum of
two thousand dolíais, such excels &hall be paid into the Tiea
sury for the use of the United States And no such coliectoi
shall heiealter, under any pietence whatever have, orieceive,
or retain for himself m the a^gieí^ate, more than six thousand
dollars pel year including commissions for s orage, and any
other commissions or salaries as now allowed and limited by
law No such i aval officer shall, on any pretence, m the ag
gregate, have orieceive 01 retain for himself more than five
thousand dolíais per year, including commissions and salaries
as aforesaid no such suiveyor shall, in the aggregate have 01
receive, or retain, more than four thousand five hundred dollars
pet year, including commissions and salaries as now allowed
and limited by law
Mr. SMÍ f H of Indiana  rose and moved to re-
consider the vo e taken la«-t evening on the propo
sition of Mr  Tho-wp on of Mi si sippi.
The CHAIRMAN «aid that it was n<t morder
to move to recot sider a vo'e in committee, the ques-
tion would < gain cmie up in the  House.
And the qaoi'01 recurring, "3'-iU the decision
of tie Chair s'atid as the julgrie.it rf tie com-
mute?"
The question of order was debated at considera-
ble length by Mesus ATBERTON, CLIFFORD,
TILLINGHASF, BANK?. UNDKRWOOD,
WINTHROP, and EVERETT.
Afiet which the CHAIRMAN staled briefly the
grounds of his decision.
Mr. TILLINGIIAST said, if the gentleman
from Maine would direct his mind, with that dis-
crimination of which he was so capable, to the
distinction between this po nt a^d that upon the
proviso which hid been sustained he bphevei he
would be satisfied that the present decision ot the
Chair was correct. That proviso was reported to
the House by ih  Comm ttee of Wajs and Means,
was received by the House as part of the report,
was a part of the b 11 commute 1 to the Committee
ot the Whole by tb  House, and wa«, therefore,
of itself a subject matter on whieh the House had
directed this committee to act and report. Tne
committee, therefore, could not, of it own aulho
nty, discharge itself on mis subject-matter on the
ground that the House erred in referring it to them.
Besides, that proviso pertained to the appropna'ion
of $325 000 ftr the support of thff judiciary, to
which it was attached as a condition, relating to
offices of the judiciar}, and in effect C3a-
dmonally reducing that identical appropria-
tion. But he had understood the Chair that
even that pr iviso, if it bad b--en originally
moved in the Committee of the Whole,
would have been ruled out of order. The amend-
ment now proposed did not leltte to any appropri-
ation in the bill, it related to il e collectors, it went
into a branch of the GotTirnimt which was to*
in anywi e a subject of the bi'l, and for which no
proposition for an appropriation «as before the
ommittee It did not pertain at all to tne subject-
matter of the proviso itself, or to it? -substitute, to
which the gentleman saKj ,t was an addition True,
it might be called an add tion in point of locality
and position m the btl1, b_¡t not otherwise On
1 okirg it over at the 'able, he found no provision
in it in rt gard to any judicial officer Here, then,
was the express rule that no propt s tion on a sub-
ject diff rent frtm that under consideration should
be admitted as an amendment On what ground
could the co nmittee disregard this rule, and pro-
ceed to the consultation of a «ubject not commit-
ted to ihem? Additions of this sort had, it is true,
been made in former b 'Is, in a few instances
remembered as aberrations, but they had been
made either by general consent, expressly dis-
pensing with the rule, or in  the Senate, where
the rule did not exist. No decision of the House
could be shown, upon the point of order raised,
sanctioning tuch an amendment a  m order when
objected to. He believed the decision of the Chair
was conformable both to the words of the rule and
to all former construction!, of it, and should there-
foie support it.
And the question being then pur, "Shall Ih- de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee}" it was decided in the affirmative with-
out a division.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed
Mr CAVE JOHNSON then offered the follow-
ing am ndment-
' Pto%ided further That the distuct attorney for the Um
ted btates in and for the several districts, the cleiks and
marshals respectively of the same, shall íendei an account qtiar
ter yearly each and every year hereafter, to the Secretary of
the fieasurv, of all fees, emoluments, and receipts of eveiy
name and natuie whatever by them respectively received by
virtue of said office* which account sha 1 be rendered upon
oath or afitmation, and shall be in such form, and supported
by stich proofs as thebecretaryoftheTieasury in hi* judgment
may p escribe foi the purpose of enforcing the provision" here
mafter named that is to say, if it shall appeal that the sal ules,
fees and emoluments receipts and earnings of any of the «aid at
torneys shall exceed the sum of ¡54 500 then such attorneys shall
pay suchextessinto the Treasuiy of f-e United State* loi ge
neral purposPb of Government Anl il the salaries, fee^emo
luments 01 earnings of any of the said clerks or marshals shall
exceed 83 500 then the excess shall in like manner be paid mlo
the Tieasuiy for the purposes aforesaid Ami if the salaries,
earning fees, and emoluments of any of the sail maishals
shall exceed the sum of $¿,000, then such exce s shall a so be
paid into the Treasury tor the purposes aroresaid '
Mr. CUSHING inquired of the Chair whether
this proposition was not substantially the same as
that struck out last evening?
After a few moments'consideration, the CHAIR-
MAN said that he had not had tune to examine the
proposition minutely, but, from looking at it he
thought he mw that it was a proposition to insm
as an amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from M sissippi, [Vtr TmMPsON] enersftcd
on the bill la 1 evening that p >rtion of tic t ngu al
proviso which was struck out, almost in the very
terms of the proviso. If that was so, it was not
in order.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON then offered the follow-
ing amendment to the amendment-
Provided, That the fees and emoluments reta ned
by the district attorneys, marshals, and clerks, shall
m no esse, exceed, for ihe district a'torney and
mar-hal, or either of them, the sum of $6 000, ind
those for each of the clerks shall not pxceed, m any
case, $4 500, the surplus of fees and emolum-rtt
to be paid into the public Treasury, under such
ru'es and regulations ai may be pre«ctibed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, subject to the disposi-
tion of Congiesg
Mr. HUNTsubm tted that this was precisely the
same propovition in principle as the proposition
struck out last night, which was, fixing a maxi
mum.
The amendment was debated by Messrs CAVE
JOHNSON, EVANS, WISE, CURTIS, VAN-
DERPOEL, STANLY, GRAINGER, GRAVES,
and OUSTING
The latter observed tha', during the debate, he
had been much edified at the exhibi'ion of such
aew born zeal of the Administration going out of
power, to reduce the salaries of thee officers. It
was a sudden convemon—a conversion m the very
a>i mes of death Mr. C went on lo contend that,
du mg the last Helve years, the Admm,strati< n
had made no cffoit for the reform now propos'd,
but now their successors were about to be cirned
into power, this attempt vtas made Mr C also
contended that under the present and la't Adminis-
trations, the burdens of tne people, instead cf b^mg
diminished, had been increased. H' th<-n pro
ceeded to say tha* Mr Van Buren had expei did
$23,000,000 during his lerm, of thr surplus reve-
nue cf the fourth instalment, not distributed amorg
the people Yes all this, in addition to th  orJ -
nary revenue of Government, had been devoured,
destroyed, burnt up, by this Admin'stration Afier
some further remarks, complaining that this inca
sure of re^oim had not teen introduced unnl t e
dying throes of the Administrat on, Mi. C con
ciuded by appealing to members of both partes to
suspend all further debate of a party charpcler, and
proceed at once to the merits of the bul before
ihem.
Aft r «orne remarks from Mr CRARY in favor
of commencing reform at the present time, without
waning for another opportunity,
Mr GENTRY took the floor, and made some
very violent icmarks against the party now in
power, for not commencing this reform at an ear-
lier period.
Mr ALFORD was surprised to hear his Whig
friends talk in the way they did His object m
rising was to urge upon them not to reserve the
work of reform until General Ilarri'on should
come into power, but to do it noto This was the
proper titre to do the deed He hoped his friends
would not think because he deemed this an im-
proper time lo touch the tariff, that he considered it
too so0n to commeoee reform It was always too
soon to do wrong, but never too soon to commence
djmg right
After some furiher remarks in relation to the im-
propriety of wasling l me in party recriminations,
now that the battle hid been w n, Mr A again
urged lhat noto was the accepted time—now was
the day of sa'vahon He would tell his friends,
that after making thousands of stump speeches
through the coantrs about "reform," it ill became
them t-j refuse to commence that reform whenever
they had the power.
At the late canvass there were three candidates,
viz- Harnson, Tyler, and Reform. They had
elected two of the candidates, Harnson and Tyler,
and it was their dut; to britag up the third.
But, (connnued Mr. A ) gentlemen say they
will not commence now. Why not? What ex-
cuse could th-y have n not cirrjmg out their pro-
mises whenever an opportun ty shcu'd oflcr? These
Loco Foe is, as the) are called, and I think very
properly too, although they do repent at the
list moment, like th" thief tn the Cross, >e as they
do not reptnt, I call on my (rtends to embrace the
opportnni y ail co-ope a e \uh thtm, whatever
may be their motive, in the correction of these
abuses No matter what may be the motive, now
these Loco F< cos are ready to go for reform, al-
though at the last hour, I say go with them. Do
good whenever you can.
After drawing a contra~t between the high sala-
ries of the United States District Attorneys, Mar-
shals, etc and tho«e of the high officers- of the Go-
vernment, Mr A asked h,s friends what excuse
thpy c itild po «ibly have for refusing 10 reduce the
salaries of Ihese attorneys Pora longtime past
the Wni<-b hate been condemning the extrava-
gance of the Loco Focos, and bawling aboat "re-
form, reform," on every s ump, and now when
they had a chinee to commence that refoim,
tney were anx ous to put it off unlil another
opportunity They had been constantly tesz-
mg the Loco-Focos about retrenchment, and
now those smneri repented, the Whig re-
formers refused to co operate with them Mj\
A. continued his remarks at some length, censuring
his Whig friends for their m'isposition to show
their faith by their works, now that the opportuni-
ty was afforded He warned them that the people
would never consider it a good reason for opposing
measures of retrenchment, that those measures ori-
ginated with the party now gomg out of p wer.
Neither would the people hold them blameless for
violating their promt ets, upon the pretence that
those who caded on them for the pprlormance, be-
longed to au expiring A Iministranon He hinted
that the real motive of the Whigs, who opposed
a limitation of the exce stve «alanés which the
pressure of the times had produced, was that cer-
tain geiit^men, f)cVngm¿; to the incoming Admi-
nistration, veré cas nig ihe r eyes towards ihem,
and looked to enjoy them But, s^iJMr A I tell
the fen'lemen who have opposed th>s reform, that
if no i ne cin be foutW m the North who will ac-
cept th^ office there a' ih> limited sa'ary of $6 000
a ye^r, I hill be glad of it, for then there will be
-some chance for a Null fier of Georgia to come in
for the appointment
Mr A concl ider1 bv sayrrg, thai with all his pre-
judices against the pres'nt Admin s ration yet now
they proposed reform, al h-iush at ihe last hour
of their exist uce, he if , reany ard willing to co-
operate with them And ho would .ay to his
fnenda in the words of Siakspeare,
