2041
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"Lay on Macduff,
And d—d be he who first enea hold' enough "
Mr. STEENROD asked Mr. Thompson when he
(Mr. T ) introduced nts bill to reduce the salaries
of the marshals and district at'orneys.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi said, m an-
swer to the question propounded to him hy the
honorable gentleman from Virginia, he had to say
that, when he came here last session, being fully
apprized Of the eno>mous sums (as the gentleman
from Ohio will have it) received by the marshals
and clerks of the courts of the United States for
their services, he, at a very early penod of the last
session, introduced a bill, the object of which was
to remedy the evils now complained of, and which
contained the identical principles of ths proviso he
had offered on lait night This bill was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and 01 several
occasions he sought interviews with some of the
members of that committee, and urged upon them
to report the bill back to this House At last, it
was reported, and placed upon the calendar of this
House, but it was at so late a period of the ses-
sion, that it was impossible to reach and ?ct upon
it. Among all his political friends wnh whom
he had consulted as to that bill, he never heard one
of them object to its principles, piopnely, or po-
licy. The course of remarks which had been in
dulged in during this debate, made it proper for
him to make this statement.
But, while he was up, he thoagtitpioper to make
one or two remarks further Gentlemen ask,whence
this nen-boin zeal for reform2 So far as he was
concerned himself, all who have ob^er/ed bis course
in this House will bear him witness that it was by
no means a new feehng or a new line of conduct.
He had always betn p epared to vote for every
thing which savored of retorm, whenever it came
tip, and wherever it could be reached. The ques-
tion was now up m order, and he hoped the prac-
tice of gent emeu would square with their often ri-
peated protetsionj He hoped that a great princi-
ple was not to be lo t and I uttered away by techni-
cal questions of ordtr But the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mi Geni by ] who has just taken his
seat, has been pitas d to denominate the Demo-
cratic paity as ¿n expire g parly, in the last
gasp He would tell that gentleman, he
shoots wide the mark in supposing the Di?mo
cratic party a dying party He, no doubt, would
be glad to have it '■o He, no douut would
rejoice m his heart, firmly to believe us truth
Bat he would tell him, lay net the flattering unc 1011
to his soul, tne spirit ot D:mocrac,y is not dea'1—
it is not doM, and like Bit quo's phost, it will not
down at hi, biddtrg Bu1, in somo shape or
other, he will have to «peale to i', either as
"a spirit ot health or a goblin damned," and
if he did BOt mistake, it would be<tr to him
no joyful tidings el quiet and repose it is
true the people have, m their soverutgn pleasure,
taken the offices of the country out ot their hand 
and given them to the Whig pjrty We have been
defeated ate notoveuhrown We have lost power,
butour principles tne, ptmcipk s of the people. And
if the incoming Administration shall U il to carry
out those great prmcip'es, gentlemen will find, to
their gicat discomti ore, fial aftei this supposed
dea h, will come ifie íesurreciion and Ue juegment,
when righteousness, jus ice, and iruth, v ill prove ¡
tnutnptiant
But the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr Gentry]
liken  the J>mocra ic party to condernned< urrunals
under the gallows, ma condition oi mtamy, and |
are now making ins con'esstors wh ch are extorted 1
Irom them by a guilty conscience. Tois, sir, is n-u
an orgmal idea wnh ih3 gentleman, it is but the
echo ot what his been «aid by anoiher greater man
in Israel in the other end ol ihe Cap.tol He pro-
tested Agamst the application oí any «uch term, to
the patty to wbie.h he belonged They were un
justanduameu ed, an t fourdno justification in hi.,
opinion, in the leelmgs of th« p^ooie Bat should
the genlleasaa seek to appi/ tne infamy he sp?aks
of to the individual members of the Democratic
party—
Here ihe CHAIR interposed, and caid he d d not
understand the gentleman fro   Tennessee as in
tending his remarks to be be taken in any personal
sense whatever.
Mr. THOMPSON said he had not a word more
to say, if that was his intention, and would not
longer detain the committee.
Mr. MORGAN moved to amend the amendment
by insetting a proviso that all the fees over. $6 000
received by district attorneys, marshals, etc. for the
last twelve years should be refunded, but subsequent-
ly withdrew it, with the remark (as the Reporter
understood) that, as he supposed very little
could be obtained from the gentlemen who had
held these offices during that time, he would not
press it
Mr Morgan then moved to amend the amend-
ment by inserting alter the word "service" the
words "exclusive of clerk hire."
Whicn motion was rejected
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr Cave Johkson, and, by ayes 98, noes 48, it
was agreed to.
Tne House then took a recess until 4 o'clock.
Evening Session.
At 4 o'clock, Mr BELL, the chairman of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
resumed the chatr, and cal'ed the committee to
order.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question before
the committee was now on the motion of Mr. Hunt
to strike out the enure proviso.
Mr FILLMORE asked if the amendments
were not m lieu ot ths motion to strike out the pro-
viso
The CHAIR answered no, that the amendments
had been made under the law of Parliament, which
psrmitted ap'oposition to be amended 'o as ¡0 make
it as p-rfect a  possible before the question be put
on striking it out altogether.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON took the floor and spoke
upon the subject of reform generaHy, and as to his
own course i" particular, in re'ation to that subject,
during the ten years he had served in Congress.
Mr GRAVES, Mr GENTRY, and Mr C. H
WILLIAMS, made frequent evplanxtions during
Mr Johnson's speech.
Mr J had not concluded at 5 o'c'ock, when,
under ihe order of this morninsr, the debate was
arrested, and tn  committee commenced to vote
The question was then put on striking out the
entire pioviso, a? amended on the motions of Mr.
1ncM soNof Mississippi an 1 Ml Cavb, John=on.
The Hou e vas counted by tellers ¡-nd th-re ap-
peared for striking oat 57, against it 113
And so the proviso, as amended, stands.
  Numerous other amendments were offered to the
bill, some ot wuch  elicited  interesting  explana-
tions    A full r'poit is in course oí pteparat on.
At halt pist nire oVock, on motion of Mr.
JONES of Virginia, tb¿ bi I, as amended, was re-
ported to the Hou e
Wh°reoi>,
Mr. WISE moved the previous ques'ion on the
bill and amendments.
But, pending ihat mo ion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, February 24,1841.
Mr PIERCE preseiied resolutions oi the Legis-
lature of New Hampshire in favor of a hw fixing
the election oí eiectois for President and Vice
President of the United S a es on the same day
throughout the Union, \rucfi were laid on the
taMe, and ordered obepnnel
Mr. BATES pr sen*ed resolutions of the Legis-
lature ot MassachJse tí in relation to claims for
French spoliations prior to 1800, and recommend-
ing the passage of the bill now before Congress
making indemnity therefoi, which were laid on tne
tab' , and onleted to be printed.
Mr. MERRICK presented the memorial of citi-
zens of Havre de Giace, praying an appropriation
for deepening the channel at the mouth of the har-
bor, wmca was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed
Mr. HUBBARD moved that the Senate would
take up the bill for the relief of Joseph M. Her-
nández, and made a strong appeal to the Senate m
behalf of the claimant, but at the suggestion of
Mr. WRIGHT, on account of the thinness of the
Senate, Mr. HUBBARD withdrew his motion, arid
gave notice that he would renew the motion to-
morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
On motion by Mr. CLAY of Alabama, the Se-
nate took up the bill for ihe relief of Isabella Hill,
widow, and John Hill, Elizabeth Hill, and Samuel
Hill, chddren and minor heirs at law of Samuel
Hill, deceased; and it was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
to wh'ch was releried the bill for the relief of
Charles F. Sibbald, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr LINN presented the petition of Thomas M.
Isetl; which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was referred to the Committee on the
Contingent Expenses.
Resolved, Tnat there be allowed to Rebert Peale,
for extra duties as assistant doorkeeper, during the
past session of Congreso, and for the performance
of the duties of Sergeant at-Arms during a part of
the last and the present session, the same amount
that wss allowed to John Shackford for similar Ser-
vices, by a resolution of the Senate of the 1st of
March, 1833'
GENERAL ORDERS.
The bill for the relief of Sarah M. Charlton, a
Cnerokee Indian, and other';
The bill for the relief of Garry Hmant;
The bill for the relief of Jacques Bon and Alex-
ander Coleman;
T«ie bill for the relief of John McClanahan;
and
The bill granting a pension to Margaret Jami-
son, were severally considered as in committee
of the whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The H«use bill for the relief of Mary Tucker,
was considered as in committee of the whole, and
ordered to a third reading, and on motion by Mr.
CLAY of Alabama, u was read a third time and
passed.
BANKS OF THE DISTRICT.
The 8 nate then took up the bill to leviva and
continue the corporate existence of the banks of the
Dis'nct of Columbia
Mr TAPPAN concluded his lemarks, and the
question was taiten on his amendment, and it was
disagreed to—ayes 2, noes 33
Mr. CLAY of Albama then offered the follow-
ing amendment to the bil1
And provided, further, thit nothing herein con-
tain d shall be so ccntruei as to prevent said
banks, or ei her of them, from paying deposites
heretofore made in said bank1., or either of them,
in the kind ot funds in which said deposites were
made.
After some remarks by Mr. WRIGHT and
Mr. CLAY, the amendment was agreed to.
Mr ALLEN then offered an amendment, mak-
ing the stockholders Lab'e for the debts of the bank,
whieh was d sagreed to—ayes 18, noes 19.
The bill was then ore'ered to be engrossed for a
third reading—ajes 28, noes 13.
The Senate then went into Executive session,
And afterwaids adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, F&biuary 24, 1841.
Mr ANDREWS asked the unanimous consent
of the House to present a resolution from the Com-
mittee of Accounts, direc!,ng the payment of the
per duji to such members as were prevented from
reaching Washington at the commencement of the
present sess on, in consequence of the storm which
prevailed about that time.
Objection being made,
Mr ANDREWS moved a suspension of the
rule 
The SPEAKER stated that the motion of the
gentleman fiom Kentucky could not be then en-
ter'atned, inasmuch as the motion of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] made last evening for
the previous question on the amendments adopted
by the Committee of the Whole to the
