CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2d?
Davi?, John W. Davis, Garrett Davis, Dawson,
Deberry, Dennis, Dick*>rson, Dellet, Dean, Drom-
goole, Duncan, Earl, Easiman, Everett, Fillmore,
Fine, Floyd, Fornance, Galbraitb, Garland, Gates,
Gentry, Gerry, Goegw, Goode, Graham, Graves,
Green, Griffin, Habersham, Hall, Hammond,
Hand, William S Hasting*, Hawes, Hawkins,
Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hill of N C Hopkins,
Hunt, Jackson, Jame , Jameson, Charter Johnston,
Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kerap-
sball, Kille, King, Lane, Leadbetter, Leet, Leo-
nard, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, MeCulloch,
McKay, F. Mallory, Mason, Miller, Montgomery,
Moore, Morgan, Samuel W Morris, Calvary
Morris, Naylor, Newhard, Nisbet, Parrish, Par-
rnenter, Parns, Paynter, Peck, Pickens, Prentiss,
Randolph, Randen, Rayoer, Reynolds, Rives,
E Rogers Samuels, fchaw, S'monton, John Smi b,
Truman Smith, Thomas Smith, Stanly, Stark-
weather, Steeniod, Strong, Stuart, Snmpter,
Sweanngen, Sweney, Taliaferro, Pnilip F Tho-
mas, Jacob Thomps m, J. B. Thompson, Turnev,
Uunderwood, Vanderpoel, Vroom, David D.
Wagener, Peter J. Wagner, Warren, Weller,
Edward D. White, J >hn White, Wick, Jared W.
Williams Henry Williams, Lewis Williams, Jo-
seph L. Williams, Winthiap, and Wi*e—152
NAYS—Messrs Barnard, John Campbell,
Chinn, Chittenden, Elward Davies, Evans M
Mallory, Marvin, Palen, Sergeant, Tolaud, and
Chnstophfr H Willnms—12
Tha amendment of Mr. Jacob Thimpsin, ap-
propriating $10 000 for con muing a survey of the
Gulf of Mexico, was alio agreed to—yeas 97,
navs 84
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
third reading, and, being read a third time by u-,
title, was passed
The House then adjourned.
Mr SMITH of Indiana, «hen his name was
called on an amendment to the civil asd diplomatic
appiopnation bill, appropriating $6,000 for furnish-
ing the President's House, arose and said On yes-
terday, when the amendment was proposed in Com-
mittee of the Whole, he was unavoidably absent,
and he asked the Chair for information whether
the amendment was reported by a responsible com-
mittee having that matter in charge, or whether it
was proposed on the responsibility of a single
Member' He said he desired this information, for
upon it depended the vote he felt bound to give.
The Speaker said it was not in order to give any
explanation, but many voices cried out that the
amendment was proposed by a single member If
so, Mr. S said he did not deem it required, and
should vote against it
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 25 1841.
The bill from ¡he House, making appropr attons
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Go-
vernment for the year 1841, was taken up, read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the
Public Land , to which a memorial on the subject
was refeired, rep o ted a bill to grant the right of
pre emption to settlers upon the Dubuque claim, m
the Territory of Iowa, which was read, and order-
ed to a second readirr, and on motion by Mr. W.
and by unanimous cons-nt, it was considered as in
committee of the uho'e, and ordered to be engicss-
ed for a third reading
Mr WILLIAMS presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Maine, praying that m asure, may le
taken for a Congress of Nations, which was laid
on the table.
BILLS PAS3ED.
The bill to revive and continue the corporate ex-
istence of the banks of th' District of Columbia,
The bill for he relief of Isabella Hill, wilow,
and John Hill, El/abeth HiU, and Samuel Hill,
children and minor he is at law of Samuel Hill,
deceased;
The bill for the relief of Sarah M. Charlton, a
Cherokee Indian, and others;
The bill for the relief of Garry Hmant;
The bill for the relief of Jacques Bon and Alex-
ander Coleman,
The bill f„r the relief of John McClanahan,
and
The bill granting a pension to Margaret Jami-
son, were several'y read a (bird time, and passed
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The following bills were taken up as in commit-
tee of the whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a
th rd reading
The bill for the relief of Mary Neal, widow of
Samuel Neal, deceased.
The bill for the relief of Huldah Tucker.
The bill granting pension to William Rand.
The bill for the rehelf of Converse and Rees
The bill for the relief of Samuel Noins and
Frederick Saugram of Arkansas
The bill for the relief of Jesse Carpenter
The bill to ciuse monuments to be erected in
honor of Brigadier General Francis Nash and
Brigadier General William Davidson, being taken
Mr. GRAHAM advocated its passage at some
Jensth.
Mr. KING regretted tha*, from a sense of duty,
he was compelled to oppo<e this bill Resolutions
to erect monuments to the memory of the brave of-
ficers who iell in our Revolutionary contest,,
were numerous in the journals of the Con-
gress of the Confederation They were deem-
ed appropriate tnbutes of respect for the dis-
tinguished servicer of the deceased, but up to this
day not a single monument has been erected—not
even to Washington. No one felt more deeply the
obligations we were under to the illustrious men of
our Revolution. To them we owe every thing, to
their exertions are we indebted even for the right to
our seats m this ha!'. But he hoped, when we en-
tered into this subject, it would not be in isolated
ca es, but to consider it gem rally to take up the
numerous re ■>iulior5 th?t ha 'e bet n passed m
case, similar to tnos  of Generals Nash and Da-
vidson, who he knew were brave and worthy
officers, but not more brav? and worthy than
many others who fought and fell in the Revolution
As there was not time at this advanced period of
the session to do justice to this subject, he would
move to lay the bill on the table.
After a few remarks from Mr. GRAHAM, the
bill was laid on the table.
On motion b, Mr. HUBBARD, the bill for the
relief of Joseph M Hernandez was taken up, read
a third tune, and passed.
The b H to revive and continue in. force, for a
limited time, «n act approved on the third day oí j
March, eighteen hundred and thirty -seven, entitled
"An act for the appointment of commissioners to
adjust the claims to re erva ions of land, under the
fourteenth article of the treaty of eighteen hun-
ddre and thirty, with th  Choctaw Indian ,"
and, also, an act appioved on the twenty-
second day of February, eigta een hundred
and thirty eight, entitled "An ac> to amend
an act entitled 'an act for the appointment of
commissioners to adjust the claims to reserva-
tions of land, under the fourteenth artic'e of
treaty of eighteen hundred and thirtv, with the
Choctaw Indians," was tsken up and debated at
muih enf.tb.by Messrs SEVIER, HENDERSON,
LINN, and WALKER, and afier being amended,
on moti tn by Mr SEVIER, was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third readinj
The Smite went into Executive ses<ion.
And ihen adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, February 25, 1841.
Mr CHAPMAN of Alabama asked that, ' y
general eon ent, the Ho'ise resolve its"lf into a
Committee o the Whole on the state of tKe Unnn,
to consider Senite bill No 12, "to e.tsbhsh a land
offic  in the Sate of Alabama, fur t"e hnds ac-
quired by the late treaty with the Cherokees "
Mr C sa d, that as be should be obliged to move
a suspension < f the rules to take up this b 'I, if any
objection «hould be made, he would ask the indul-
gence of the House to sta'e that this territory, f r
the sale of which this bill was intended to provide,
had been acquired more than five years age. The
Legislature of Alabama had, at«vrry session since,
memonaltzed Congress to establish a land district
for the sale of the lands, and a bill had passed the
Senate, and one had been reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands in this House, at each ses-
sion of Congress «imee; but (said Mr C ) owing to
the state of the public business, he had failed m
every effort to have the subject acted on, and the
bill had regularly failed for want of time only He
had made frequent motions to take up this mea-
sure, so tmportant to his constituents, and, indeed,
to the country, and had watched, week after week,
to get the floor at this session, and this was the first
time he had succeeded.
Mr. C said thai the se'tlers on the public lands
in !he Cherokee country were anxious to have an
opportunity to enter their lands, which they could
not do, unless a new ¡and office was established, or
the terniory annexed to other districts. He be-
lieved there were some two miljions of acres of pub-
lic land in the territory, one half of which, he pre-
sumed, would sell, and a considerab'e portion of it
at an early day, so that he could inform gentlemen
who were apprehensive that the accruing revenues
of the country would fall short of the current ex-
penses of the i ear, that he believed the passage of
this bill would bring into ¡he Treasury nearly a
million of dollars Mr. C. said that as he troubled
the House but seldom, he hoped no objection
would be made to his motion.
But objection being made,
Mr. CHAPMAN moved a suspension of the
rules; whereupon,
Mr GRAVES called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr CRABB said he hoped he should be permit-
ted (although no debate w. s allowable) to make a
suggestion to his colleague [Mr Chapvun] who
hid made tne mo ion to suspend the mies It was
this that he would amend b s mo'ion so as to go
into Committee of the Whole upon another bill on
the same subj ct of the Cherokee lands, at the same
time with the bill to create a new land district. It
was a bi'l wbic'i had passed the Senate since the
one on which the gentleman proposed to act, and
provided for an attachment of the Cherokee territo-
ry to two existing land districts, instead of creating
a new land district. It had passed the Sesate, in
accordance with instructions from the Legislature
of Alabama, and he dt sired the Committee of the
Whole to have before it, at the same time, both
bills, so as to determine between them.
To this suggestion, Mr Chapman acceded.
Mr C further modified his moticn, at the request
of Mr Chinn, so as to take up, at the same time,
the bilí to establish a new laad district in the State
of Louisiana
Mr CHAPMAN said that, as he could assure
the House he would consump as lntle time as pos-
sible, not intend ng to enter into ?ny debate, he
wou'd, m order that hn motion might prevail, ask
for a suspens on of the rules for one hour only.
The ques ion was ihen taken, and resulted—
yes f4, nays 89
So th- rules were not suspended.
On motion of Mr JONES  f Virginia, the
House resolved it elf into a Committee of the
Whole on the Sta,e of the Un on, (Mr KcKa?
in the chair,) and took up tne bill making appro-
pna ions for the
NAVAL SERVICE FOR THE YEAR 1841.
The bill having bren read,
Mr SALTÓN ST ALL moved to amend the fol-
lowing s ction \ z '"or incre<t e, rep?irs, arms-
laent, and equipment of the njvy, and wsarand
te-ir of verséis in comeáis ion, $1425 000," by
strik os out that amount, and in erting in lieu
therco! §2,000,0'0
A discussion on the amen Jment arose, m which
Messi- SALTONSTALL, JOVES of Virginia,
EVANS, TILLINGHASf, REED, and PROF-
FIT, pattii ip&ted.
Wnen, the houi of two and a half o'J ock having
arrived,
Tae House took its usual recess.
