<20S
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Evening Session ]
After the recess,
The consideration of the
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL
was resumed, in Committee of the Who'e, the
question pending being on the amendment moved
by Mr. Saltonstall, to amend the following
section, viz: "for increase, repairs, armament, and
equipment of the navy, and wear and tear of ves-
sels m commission, $1 425 000," by striking out
that amount, and msemng in lieu thereof $2,000,000.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana being entitled to the
floor, addre sed the committee, at some length,
against the amendment. His remarks will be given
hereafter.
The debate was farther continued by Messrs.
MASON, COOPER ot Georgia, and WISE, when
Mr. MALLORY moved further to amend, as
follows:
"$500,000 of which «urn shall be expended in
building and equipping war steamers of medium
size."
After some remarks from Messrs HOFFMAN,
WISE, CUSHING, VANDERrOEL, and AL-
BERT SMITH,
On motion of the latter, the commitee rose.
And, at a few minutes before eight o'clock,
The House adjourned
IN SENATE,
Friday, February 26, 1841
DEATH OF THE HON. P. P. BARBOUR.
Mr   ROANE submitted  the   following   letter,
which was read
Washington, Feb 36, 1841.
Sir As one of the Senators oí the Stale oí Vir-
ginia, of which our lamented brother, Judge Bar-
bour, was so distinguished a cit'/en, I cnclo e you
a copy of the funeral ceremonies which have been
determined upon.
I am, su, wuh great 'espect,
Your obedient servant,
R B.TANEY
Hon Wm H Roanf,
Senate Chamber.
Order cf the funeral ceremonies attending the removal
of the remains of the Hon P. P. Harbour, late
Jlsteciile Justice of the Supreme Court oj the
United States.
The Judges of the Suprema Court, with its of-
ficers, and the Judges of the Courts of the District,
wuh the members of the bar, will assemble at 2
o'clock to day at Mrs. Turnfb's, (Pennsylvania
avenue,) and thence attend the remains of the de-
ceased to the root  of the Supreme Court, where
the usual services will be performed by the Chap-
lains of Congress, and where
The Pmsidb-nt,
The Heads of the Departments,
The Senators and Representauves m Congress,
The Members ot the foreign Legations,
And citizens and s.rangers, are rt quested to attend,
after which, the procession will move in the above
order to ihe steamboat wharf, where the remains of
the deceased will be embarked with proper attend-
ants, in order to be conveyed l> his eouiitiy seat in
Orange coumy, VirgmiA, tor interment
The documents having been read,
Mr  ROANE addre^ed the Senate  in the   fol-
lowing words-
Mr. President  I ask a moment of the precious
time of tne Senate   I will not abusa it—for a'ready
had themoirnful intelligence, now officially aa-
noune d to us, reached every member ot thi  body,
and already had ihe  heart of every  individual m
this com-nunty be-n touch d by that pure and ex-
alted feeling which is ever awakened, when the pa-
triot hears that bus countiy has suddenly lost, and
that forever, one of its benefactors.
Mr. President, had I the talent and the mat nal,
which I have not, to ofler a ju>t tribute to the
memory of the distinguished Judge, whise fu-
neral we are now invited to atterd, I houM deem
it inappropriate to do so on the present occasion.
That task I shall leave in other and abler hands.
But knowing, as I do, the exemplary virtues of the
deceased, in all the social ana domestic relations of
life; knowing, as I do, the exalted estimaron m
which his virtues, talents, and patnotism were held
in his native State, which I have the honor in part
to represent, and knowing, as docs every member
of this body, his long, faithful, and valuable public
services within the walls of th s building, I feel my-
self authorized to ask the Senate to adopt the reso-
lution I now offer:
Resolved unanimowly, That in testimony of their
r spect for the memory of the honorable Philip F.
Barbour, late Associate Justice of the Supreme
C^urt of the United States, the Senate will adjourn
this day at two o'clock, for ihe purpose of attending
the funeral of the deceased
The resolution was unanimously agreed to.
Mr. KKIGtHT presented the memorial of Amey
Babbitt, which was ¡eferred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama gave notice that to-mor-
row he would ask leave to introduce a bill to remo-
dify the judicial circuits of the United States.
Mr. WHITE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Wm. R Davis which was read twice, and
referred to the Commit ee on Claim".
Mr. WALKER, from the Com'mltee on the
Fubl cLan4s, to which a memorial of citi/en? of
I lipois upon the subject had been refsrred, repon-
ed a bill concerning an act granting >ands to cer-
tain ix les from Poland, which was read, and or-
dered to a second readmar
| Oi motion by Mt HUBEARD, ihe bill for the
relief of Charles F Sibbald was coa>idered as in
committee of the whole, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
Tne bil for creating a new land district m ihe
State of Missouri, and for changing the boundaries
ot the southwestern and western land districts m
said State, and
The bill (or thp relief of Jesse Carpenter, were
considered as in committee of the whole, and or-
dered to bj engr<jS"ed for a third reading
The bill for the relief of the Eagle Railroad and
Lumber Cenipiny was taken up,
Mr. BENTON thought, at ton advanced period
of the session, we had not time to mves'igate the
affairs of railroad companies. He hoped, there-
fore, that all billb in relation to them would be
passed over.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama assented, on the under-
standing that the rule should apply generally.
The bill for the continuation of the Cumberland
road in theS'ates of Onto, Indiana, and Illinoiswas
then taken up.
Mr. RING hoped the bill would be also passed
over.
Mr. YOUNG said he had no sxpectation of being
able to pass this bill the present session, but he
gave notice that it was by no means the intention
oí the friends of this work to abandon it. He al-
luded to the sales of the implements engaged in the
lmrj^ovements on the lakes and Western waters, as
evjy'ence oí ¿n intention lo refuse appropriations to
the We t for the purposes of internal improve-
ment, while large ums were appropriated lo works
on the seaboard. If they bsd the constitutional
right under the power to regulate commerce with
foreign nations to vote mon y for the improve-
ment of harbors on tfee seacoast, under the power
to reguhte commerce between tbe States, they had
¡ha light to make appropriations for the improve-
ment of the channels of the commerce of the
We3t. He called on the repre entatives of the
West to rally in defence of tneir interests, and to
see that apptoprtations for improvements in the
North and the South, the East and the West, went
hand m nsmd
Mr. KING said the Senator from Illmo s had
taken occasion to speak of improvements and har-
Krs, ard had made the extraordinary assertion
that the West was neglectpd and abandoned. Why,
foui fifths of the expenditures for harbors and im-
provements had been made for the West.
Mr. YOUNG.   Not of late.
BIr. KING. Why, of late, none had been
made, and for the reason that they had not the mo-
ney to make any. But the Senator called upon the
West to rally in defence of itselr- why, the West
had been their favon'e child. He (Mr. Kino) was
a Southwestern man, and he had hnherto shown
that be was in favor of giving every facility to the
West that could properly be given to her. Look at
hT harbors, and they would find some of them made
where nature never intended they should be, in
this the/ had gone beyond the bounds of prudence,
and it was from an anxieiy to foster the West.
They had aided in speculations of companies, and
then to give value to their lands they had given
them harbois. With regard to these roads, he
hoped the Senator from Illinois would bring the
subject forward, and if those who are coming into
power are willing to take up these internal improve-
ments, let them do so, he (Mr King) had felt it to
be his duty to oppose every appropriation of the
k nd on constitutional grounds, and he should con-
tinue to do so And he protested against any at-
tempt to produce sect ona.1 piejudices. He asked
the honorable Senator where were th? expenditures
for the South and the Southwest? Where were the
expenditures for the East? Had New Hampshire
got them?
Mr. HUBBARD.   Not a dollar.
Mr. KING would not futther detain the Senate.
Mr. YOUNG said, in reference to the condition
of the Treasury, that with the resources of this
great country, it weighed with him as nothing.
Former appropriations wt re made when they were
ten times rr ore in debt than they are at present;
and yet they had found means to pay the nitional
debt. The public debt ought not to operate as an
objection, nor ought the works already commenced
on that pecoun t to be allowed to fall into dilapidation.
But he had risen to say that he had no sectional
prejudice he was willing to promote the interests
of the Wtst and the South, the East and the North,
but he wished them to go band m hand Let
them all go togethtr. However, under existing
circumstances, he was willing that ihe bill should
be passed over.
The bi 1 wasaecordinely passed over.
BILLS PASSED.
Tne following bills were read a third t me and
passed:
The bill for the relief of Mary Neal, widow of
Samuel Neal, deceased,
The bill for the relef of Huldah Tucker,
The bill granting a pension to William Rand;
The bill for the relief of Converse and Rees,
The bill for the relief of Samuel Norns, and
Frederick Saugram of Arkansas and
The bul for the relief of Charles F Sibbald.
GENERAL BANKRUPT BILL
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order—the bill to establish a uniform
system of bankrup'cy—the question being on the
amendment proposed by Mr Hubbard, lo include
incorporated companies within its provtsons.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama spoke at length m op-
position to tbe amendment, and in rep'y to the re-
marks of Mr Benton.
Tbe Sena'e then adjourned to carry into effect
the resolution to attend the funeral of the Hon.
Phiup P. Barbour.
HOUSE OF REPRESENT ATI VES,
Friday, February 26, 1841.
On motion of Mr. ANDREWS, the rules were
suspended, to enable burn to submit the following
resolution-
Resolved, Tnat the Ci mmittee on Accounts be
instructed to allow the pay of all such members of
this House as may have been unavoidably de-
tained on their way te the seat of Government at
the commencement of this session, by the storm
which occurred about that t'me, they having left
their respective places of abode in sufficient time to
have reached the Capitol in time to have taken
the r seats on ihe first day of the session
Mr DROMGOOLE said, that there was a rule
of the Houee which prevented those whom this re-
solution was designed to benefit from voting for
the resolution. He referred to the 25th rule,
which provided, that "no member shall vote on any
