210
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cretary, m the execution of such patent, notwith
standing the name of the President may not have
been written personally by the secretary, shall be
deemed, taken, and held good and valid patents in
law, and shall have all the force and effect to pass
from the United States to the patentee or patentees
named in such patents, respectively, iheir he rs, ex-
ecutors, administrators, and assign*, the lands de-
scribed therein, as though, in each and all the re
ipects before enumerated, the patents, in their form
and manner of execution, had conformed to the re
quirements of law.
Sec 2. Anibe it farther enacted, That fiom and
after the passing of this act, it shall be the duty of
the Recorder of the General Land Office, m addi-
tion to the duties new required of him by law, to
countersign all patents issued from said office, in-
stead of the same being counters'gued by the Com
imssioner, as required by the eighth section of the
act entitled "An act for the establishment of a
General Land Office in the Department of the
Treasury," passed the twenty-fifth day of April,
one thousand eight hundred and twelve
The bill was then engrossed for a third reading,
and Was read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr JONES of Virginia, the
House resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr McKay in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the
NAVAL SERVICE FOK THE YEAR 1841
The question pending was the motion of Mr
Saltonstall, to strike out $1,425,000 "for increase,
repair, armament, and equipment of the navy, and
wear and tear of vessels in commission," and in-
sert $2,000,000, and the amendment to the amend-
ment, submitted by Mr Mallory, as follows
"#500,000 of which sum shall be expended in
building and equipping war steamers of medium
s ze."
Mr. MARVIN, being entitled to the floor, spoke
at some length in favor of the amendments pend-
ing
Mr. SALTONSTALL followed, and replied to
the objections which had been urged against his
amendment He said if the gentleman fMf Mal-
lory] who had moved the additional amendment
on last evening, would alter it so as to insert
#400,000, instead of #500,000, he (Mr. S ) would
accept it as a modification of his own.
Mr. MALLORY acceding to the requesr, his
amendment was accepted by Mr Saltonstall asa
modification.
The hour of two having arnvtd, the House, in
pursuance of the resolution of Mr. Banks, ad-
journed until 4 o'clock.
[eveninu session ]
At four o'clock, p  m. the House met.
After some debate of a conversational charac-
as to the propriety of ordering a Call oi the
House,
On motion of Mr> JONES of Virginia,   the
House resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the S'ate of the Union, (Mr McKay in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
liAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
'The question pending was on the modified amend-
ment of Mr. Saltohstall, to stake out "$1,425,-
000 for increase, repair, armanent, and equipment
of the navy (-and wear and tear of vessels in com-
mission," and insert "$j2,400,000, of which sum
$400,000 shall be expended in building and equip-
ping war steamers of medium size "
Mr. WELLER being entitled to the floor, made
some remarks expressive of his regret that mem
bers of both parties did, at this late period of the
session, think proper to spin out the debates of a
party character to such a length He alluded more
especially to the prevalence of that evil after gen-
tlemen had been to dinner, and mentioned some
instances, when, on the previous evening, the
House had heard a display of eloquence which
could not have been displayed before dinner.
Mr W. then proceeded to reply to the speech of
his colleague [Mr Mason] on yesterday That
gentleman, said Mr W told us there was no mo-
ney in the Treasury, and then, m the same breath,
said he was  Mi'lmg to vote large sums for the
navy.
Mr W went on to sh*w, ma very forcible man-
ner, that the charges of his colleague and other
members in relation to a neglect uf the navy, were
without foundation He showed that the navy
had been materially increased|*mce 1820, and that
since that period the active force of our navy had
been doubled. After some further rtmaiks, which
will appear hereaftei, Mr W. said that having ■
given facts to show diat the charges Of gentlemen
were erroneous, he would make an appeal to all
parties to al'ow the question to be taken at once.
Mr PLOYD sa d he wished to sta'e very briefly
his objec'ions to this proposition of the gentleman
fiom Massachusetts, [Mr Saltonstall] tomcicase
the appropriations for the naval =eryice, half a
million ol dolíais bevond the amcunt dtemed suffi
cient by the Secretary of the Navy, and which h id
been reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means. He regretted that the propriety or impro-
priety of this amendment could not have been dis-
cussed upon i'o merits without Itif disparaging re
marks upon the present condit on of the navy, m
which some gentleman had indulged, and which
they had appeared to consider necessary in urging this
amendmeni upon the committee. He would not
proclaim his attachment to this proud aim of our
national defence, nor would he baud a man of
straw, to show his prowess in demolishing him, by
supposing that there was a man upon this floor
oppose t to the navy Upon other subjects we
may have sectioi al feelings of interest or may
be influenced by State pride—one miy boast of his
Bunker hill—another o* the plains of Saraloga—
another of Yorktown—but all, all, glory in the
achievements of tur navy, and all here, he had no
doubt, were ready and willing to make sush liberal
appropriations as would sustain its honor and its
efficiency.
But he would bring to this and every other sub-
ject under the control of Congress the same wise
and prudent principles which are applicable to the
ordinary affairs of life—and those principles re-
quired that in making this appropriation, regard
should be had to other and equally urgent
claims upon the public Treasury, and to the pro-
bable amount of revenue for the coming year
Mr. P asked if those who urged this increase of
half a million, were awaie that the bill already
appropriated five millions and a quarter for the
naval service' And was this a niggardly appro-
priation' Was it not libeial, considering that it
amounted to one quarter of the whole estimated re-
venue for the current year, and considering, too,
the other duties which this Government is bound
to discharge' This amount is deemed sufficient by
the officers of the Government, who have the best
means of forming an opinion upon this subject,
and Mr P believed that with economy and good
discretion in its disbursement, it would be found am
pie to sustain the Naval Department in all its neces-
sary operations, and give a respectable increase to
our naval force
Sir, said Mr P notwithstanding the reflections
which have been cast upon our navy, 1 insist that it
has performed every duty which has been required
of it, and has answered every beneficial obj ct of
its establishment Our commeice has been pro-
tected on every sea In the single instance of insult
to our seamen which has occurred in many years,
and that by a barborous people, chastisement was
promptly and effectually administered, and redress
demanded and obtained, and at this moment the
lightest shallop that dare ventur" her frad sides
upon the mountain wave may fold her wings in
safety m every port of the civilized world under
the simple protection of the stars and stripes
I deny, said Mr  P   that   our  flag   aa" been
insulted again and again for want of an efficient
maritime force, as has been alleged by the hor> ora
ble member from Maine [Mr Smith ]    We havx."
heard rumors, u is true, recently, of detention of ¡
several vessels by British cruisers on the coast of j
Africa, but we have heard but o e side of the
story.   These matters are proper subjects of inqui-
ry  by our  Government,  and if these detentions
were without excuse, they are proper subjects for a !
demand for redress.   But there may be pa'liatmg j
circumstances These vesse's may have been
found under suspicious circumstances, though, in
fact, driving a legal traffic It should be remem-
bered that the detentions complained of were made
upon the African coast by the vessels of England
stationed there for the suppression tf the slave
trade—a most honorable undei taking, in which I
hope she may be eminently successful She has
reaped profit enough from her unjust aggressions
in other parts of the world to enable her to be hu-
man" where ¿he can gather nothing by conquest.
Africa offers nothing to her rapacity but flesh and
blood, of which she has already more than she can
well take care of, and, therefore, affords a proper
field for the exhib tion of a national virtue, because
there la no temptation to be unjust
Complaint has also been made that, during the
recent difficulties between Great Britain and China,
oui nation was not properly represented, nor
our commerce protected m the Chinese seas by
our vi ssels of war Why, sir, do not gentlemen
know that representations w íe made heie by ihose
interested in the Chinese trade, that it was inex-
pedient to send a fleet there, that American inte
rests tnere were in no danger, that our merchant-
men were profiting by the troubles between Eng-
land and China, and that an armed force there
might do more harm than good, by exciting the jea-
lousy or suspicions of that peculiar people' Sir,
said Mr F. gentlemen are mistaken Our flag is
known, and is respected wherever a vessel
can float in the known world, and it is re-
lated of the late Sultan that before he knew any
th ng else of America, he acknowledged he had
"heard of a fellow with a blue jacket who had
flogged John Bull on the ocean "
Our present navy consists of sixty-eight sail, of
which thirty-six are now in commission Will
any one say that this is not enough for a peace es-
tabhshmeni' The Secretary of the Navy informs
us that it has been found sufficient for all the pur-
poses of a navy in lime of peace, and the sum of
six hundred thousand dollars of the naval appro-
priation of last year remains unexpended because
it was considered unnecessary
Gentlemen have compared our navy with that of
Great Britain. Sir, it is not to bs expected, nor is
it desirable, that our navy should equal that of
Great Britain. We have no colonies to keep in
awe—we have no negotiations which it is necessary
to conduct under the influence of a large fleet—we
have no entangling alliances to guard, nor are we
surrounded by ambitious States, ever ready to take
advantage of any moment of apparent weakness.
The material of which our naval force must be
composed, is now employed in more profitable
avocations than the public service. Our navy
must grow with a necessity for a navy. Napo-
leon's wars made Napoleon's marshals, and when
the naval service offers the proper inducements, in
the shape of pay or of honor, a force can be ga-
thered from your coasters, your fishing vessels, and
your merchantmen, such as the woild has never
yet seen for bravery, enterprise, and every quality
which can ensure the honor and safety of our coun-
try In a young and peaceful nation like ours,
where every avenue of business is more inviting
than the public service, it is not surprising that
the naval spirit should fall somewhat to decay
What inducement has a man of ability and enter-
prise who can earn his bread m any other way, to
embark for a three years' voyage in a man of war,
to leave behind nearly all the attachments of life,
to endure, as Dr. Johnson says, all the privations
of a prison, with the additional risk of being
drowned But the naval spirit "is not dead, it
sieepeth," and the first gun which shall boom across
the water, will awake it, refreshed and invigorated,
"like a s'rong man to run a race "
Another reason has been urged, said Mr. P. why
this amendment should pass, and that is the pre-
sent stale of our foreign relations and the possi-
bility or probability of a war. He considered this
entitled to less consideration than any other which
had ?eetl mentioned It was conceded that we were
in no da.T"er of collision with any power except
En land, an ^ he would imagine no such extremi-
ty of folly mlhJ year 1841, a¿> it would be on the
part of Great Bnu?in t0 declare war aSamst lhe
