212
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
After some remarks by Messrs GRAVES, UN-
DERWOOD, and MALLORY,
The CHAIR decided the amendment out of or-
der.
Mr. GRAVES appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama moved that the
committee rise, but the motion did not prevail.
The question wa*. about to be taken, Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House? when
Mr GRAVES withdrew his appeal
Mr. ANDREWS moved that the committee rise,
but no quorum voting,
The question was taken by tellers, who reported
—ayes 25, noes 94   no quorum
On motion of Mr GRAVES, the committee rose
and reported  that fact to the House
Mr MONROE then moved a call of the House,
and
The question was taken by tellers, «>ho reported
—ayes 34, noes 75
No quorum voting, and the House refusing to
have a call,
Mr BEATTY moved that the House adjourn,
And the question being taken, there appeared—
yeas 39, nays 92.
A quorum being now present, the House agam
went back into Comm ttee of the Whole
Mr. GRAVES then offered the following as a
modification of Mr Underwood's amendment
"And that the sum of thirty-eight thousand dol-
lars, or so much thereof as may be necessary, be,
and are hereby appropriated, out of which the Se
cretary of the Navy is authorized to pay for such
of the sites, selected on the Western waters, for
marme hospitals, as have been deeded to the Go-
vernment, with the approval of the Secretary of
War.
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be out
of order, for the reason that the 50th rule declares
that "no motion or proposition on a subject differ-
ent from that under consideration shall be admitted
under color of amendment," etc
Mr GRAVES appealed from the decision of the
Chaik.
The question was then taken, ' Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House'
and decided m the affirmative—ayes 97, noes 13—
no quorum voting.
Mr. GRAVES moved that that fact be reported
to the House, but
A quorum now appearing,
Mr GRAVES withdrew his motion
Mr U1NDERWOOD offered the following amend-
ment-
"For the purchase of RaubN Self-acting Safety
Valve*, to be applied to the boilers ot the steam-
ships heretofore authorized tobe built, if in the opi-
nion of the President such valves should be deemed
useful"
The amendment was disagreed to.
The following item was then read
"The improvement and necessary repairs of the
navy yard at Portsmouth, N«w Hampshire, $15,
000 "
Mr.  SALTONSTALL   moved   to  strike   out  .
$15,000 and insert $25,000, but the motion was ne-
gatived
The next item was read, as follows.
"For improvement and necessary repairs of the
navy yard at Charlestown, Massachusetts, $25,200 "
Mr HOFFMAN moved to amend by striking
out all after the word Massachusetts and inserting
"and for the erection of barracks, $55,200 "
Mr H gave notice that, if this motion should
prevail, he would move to amend similarly all ths
items for the several navy yards, but
After some remarks by Mess-s JONES of Vir-
ginia, SALTONSTALL, DOWNING, and REED,
Mr. HOFFMAN withdrew his amendment for
the present
Mr. SALTONSTALL moved to amend by strik-
ing out fS5,200 in the same item, and inserting
#42 000.                                                               6
The question being taken, the amendment was
disagreed to.
The next item being read, viz
"For improvement and necessary repairs of the
navy yard at Brooklyn, New York, $46 800 "
Mr. SALTONSTALL moved to strike out
$46,800 and insert $78,000, but the amendment
was negatived
Mr SALTONSTALL further moved to strike
out $5,400 "for the improvement and neces^a-y re-
pairs ot the navy yard at Philadelphia, Pennsylva-
nia," and insert $9,000, but the amendment was
negatived
Mr SALTONSTALL also moved to strike out
$6 600 for the improvement and necessary repairs
of the navy yard at Washington, District of Co
lumbia, and insert $11,000, and th  was hkewioe
negatived.
Mr MALLORY moved to amend the item "for
improvement and necessary repairs of Ihe navy
yard at Gosport, Virginia," by striking out $29,400,
and inserting $49 000
After some remarks by Messrs MALLORY and
JONES of Virginia,
The amendment was rejec ed
Mr DOWNING then moved to amend the item
"for improvement and necessary repairs of the
navy yard near Pensacola, Florida," by striking
out $12 000, and inserting $20,000
The question being taken, the amendment was
disagreed to
Mr HOFFMAN offered the following
"For the purchase of a site and to commence the
erection of barracks at Brooklyn, New York,
$30,000
"For the purchase of a site and to commence
the erection of barracks at Charlestown, Massa-
chusetts, $30 000
"For the purchase of a site and the erection of
barracks at Gosport, Virginia, $30 000
"To commence trie erection of barracks at Pen
sacóla, Florida, $10,000 "
The CHAIR íuled the amendment out of order
Mr REED moved to strike out $1,500 for ne-
cessary repairs of the hospital building at Charles-
town, Massachusetts, and insert $5,000, but the
amendment was decided out of order
Mr SALTONSTALL moved to amend the bill
by inserting after the seventy-ninth line, as fol-
low-
"To commence the erection oí barracks in Pen-
sacola, Florida, $10,000 "
The CHAIR having decided the amendment out
of order,
Mr SALTONSTALL appealed from his dect
sion, but
The question being taken, the decision of the
Chair was sustained by the House
Mr MALLORY offered the following amend-
ment
Jlndbe %t jurther enacted, That the duties hereto-
fore discharged by the Commissioners of the Navy
«hall be apportioned as follows, viz
The first divisicn shall comprehend whatever re-
lates to the construction, repairs, equipment, and
preservation of vessels of war, and the cfficei pre
siding over its administration shall have attached
to his bureau, to aid him in the performance of
his duties—
A chief naval constructor,
An engineer qualified to superintend the opera-
tions of bteam, and
A draughtsman.
The second division shall comprehend the con-
struction, repairs, and preservation of all buildings
on shore belonging to the navy, or used tor naval
purposes, and generally the superintendence of na
vy yards, hospitals, magaz nes, and other appen-
dages to a naval station This officer shall have
placed under his direction—
A captain in the navy, as inspector of ordnance,
A commander, and two lieutenants and assist-
ants,
A commander having charge of charts and in-
struments for hvdrographical purposes,
A lieutenant, and two passed midshipmen,
A civil engineer, and
A draughtsman.
The third division shall comprise the purchase,
manufacture, collection, and distribution of all
provisions, clothing, and materials of every de-
scription required for the use of the navy.   The
officer charged with this division shall have placed
under his direction—
A surgeon to superintend the purchase ef medi-
cines, hospital store , and surgical instruments, and
to perform such other duties, in connection with
the medical branch of the service, as may be re-
quired of him by the Department, and two assist-
ant surgeons to aid him in their perfoimance,
One purser for contract , and correspondence, for
slop clothing, and provisions
Jlni be it further enacted. That so much of an aet
approved February 7, 1815, entitled "An act to
alter and amend the several acts for establishing a
Navy Department, by adding thereto a Board of
Commissioners," as comes within the meaning of
this act, and is contrary thereto, be, aad the same is
hereby, repealed
The CHAIR decided that under the 76th rule of
the House, the amendment was not in order
Mr MALLORY appealed from the decision of
the Chais, and
On the question being taken, Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?
It was decided in the affirmative
On motion of Mr JONES of Virginia, the com-
mittee then rose, and reported the bill to the House.
The question was then stated, Shall the bill be
engrossed and read a third time' when
Mr  EVANS moved various amendments
Mr. DROMGOOLE   inquired  of the Chair,
whether it was in order to offer a series of amend-
ments at one time'
The SPEAKER replied that it was not in order
to offer more than one amendment at a time, and
that the amendments offered were not in order
From this decision, Mr EVANS appealed, and
pending the question on said appeal,
On motion of Mr HOFFMAN, at ten o'clock,
p m
The House adjourned
IN SENATE,
Saturday, February 27, 1841
The bill <rom the House making appropriations
for the naval service for the year 1841, was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs
On motion by Mr STURGEON, one thousand
extra copies of the annual report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents were ordered to be printed
On motion by Mr WALL, the Senate took up
the "bill to declare the rights of the children of the
citizens of the United States born abroad," and,
after bemg considered, it was ordered to be engross-
ed for a third reading
Mr BUCHANAN, from the Committee on Fo-
reign Relations, reported a bill f >r the relief of the
administrator ot William A Slaeum, which was
read, and ordered to a second reading
Mr RUGGLES, m pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
granting copy-rights to inventors of designs, &c
which was read twice and referred to the Commit-
tee on Katents and the Patent Office.
Mr. TSPPAiN presented a memorial from a citi-
zen of New Jersey, praying Congress ' to adopt
measures for securing an equitable and adequate
market for American wheat " Mr 1 said that
the memorial now presented was one of great value
and importance, it contained an examination and
expose of the present capacity of the six North-
western S ates to grow wneat, anl the probable in-
crease of the wheat culture, the want of a foreign
market for the already surplus production, and
the consequence of continuing the existing restric-
tions of fore gn Governments upon the introduc-
tion into their dominions of foreign wheat. It
also examines the nature, and exposes the effect, of
the British corn laws upon the revenue of that Go-
vernment, as well as its effect upon their people,
showing conclusively that the existence of those
laws is alike detrimental to the interests of both
countries Mr T did not expect any action upon
this important subject at thisla'e period of the ses-
sion, he would, however, move that it be referred
to the Committee on Agriculture, and printed,
which was agreed to
Mi CLAYTON submitted the following resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Delaware^
