214
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have a judge appointed from, and resident within,
her linn1*? He felt for Virginia as much venera
non as any oiher honorable Senator, and he wa  as
ready to see that she had a just participation in all
that was enjoyed by the other States; but did they
not know that Virginia had had had a judge ot the
Supreme Court almost for the last forty years, when
associated with North Carolina1! Really, com-
plaint from Virginia came now with a very bad
grace; it would come with a better grace irom
North Carolina, which, during the period he had
mentioned, had not been represented in that
court. But this was a question m which the
public interest was involved, it was a question how
the circuits could be best arranged, so a*, to promote
a proper discharge of judicial duties, atKj how t¡¡e
public interests cou'd be best taken ca^e of and
best despatched. The arrangement now proposed
was to aJd Virginia to the circuit m which üig Chief
Justice íesided, and to add North Carolina to the
circuit in which Judge Wayne resided. And what
was the objection, unless it was [hat one S'aie
should always have a judge? This was no valid
objection. If any claim existed, it was that of
North Carolina. But the present judge ot the cir-
cuit to which North Carolina was now proposed to
be added, was fully competent to tne perfoi manee
of the additional duties that would devolve upon
lum; and when he should resign, or his seat sh mid
be vacated m any other way, North Carolina would
then b¿ entitled to consideration. But there was
no objection; and he hoped tluy would not pass
over the auspiciou-, moment which then presented
itself to equalize the duties of these judges. lie
thenrefened to the report on his, table, to which he
before referred, to show that there should be some
modification ot the circuitv The honorable Sena-
tor r<.ad largely from the returns of jud cial busi-
ness on the circuits, by which it appealed lhat the
business of the oiher circuit ; was very inconside-
rable, as compared with those of the Southern and
Southwestern circuits, and he invited the attention
of this Senate to the stale of the business, thai ihey
might see how impracticable it was tint (he judges
of those circuits should do justice to themselves
and to the country. The amount of busme s was
to great to be despatched by the judges to whom it
was assigned; and should they then, by a refe-
rence to any supposed claim oí any parti-
cular State or individual, and in disregard
of those who were so nearly interested, refuse to
equalize the amount of labor which the judges
should bear? He trusted they would not, and he
hoped they would put the court on a looting, in
special reference to the public interest, against all
other interests and c msideranons whatever. Vir-
ginia had no claim which should opeiate to the re-
jection of tin-; proposition, lie had said that she
had had one judge lor the last lorty yiar^; but he
had not stated the whole truth, for she had not on-
ly had the Chief Justice, but one of the Associate
Judge  also. He was not deposed to do injust ce
to any one, and he was satisfied no injustice would
be done by the adoption of this measure. It was
an arrangement which met the approbation of all
the judges on the bench, and he was ot opinion a
should receive the acquiescence of the Senate. He
hoped the St nate would adopt the amendment he
had proposed.
Mr. CLAYTON suggested a modification of ai
amendment by which Delaware would be included
in the fourth district; vhich was arcepttd by Mr
Clay
Mr HUNTINGTON supported the prepon. 1
change m the arrangement ot the circuits ^s con-
ducive to the public interests, and contended thai
every other State had as good a right as Vu gima
to a judge to reside within their limits
Mr. KING rose to say thai if tho Senate should
debate this bill, they might as well lay it on the ta-
ble; for unless it was sent to the o'her branch of
Congsess to day, it could not be sent at all, without
a suspension of the tules, m whien the other House
must concur. He (Mr. King) was in f ívor of the
bill, and he entreated gentlemen who might like-
wise be favorable to the measure, not to consume
the time with a lengthened debate, for they might
justas well vole it (town at once.
Mr. MANGUM said in a short time the West
would 'equire more judie al ai i, and he supported
ih«s proposi ion btcaa.e he «as unwilling to see
the bei ch of the Siprpme Court mereised in num-
ber. In times' tjf peace, the business of the court,
in his own S'aie, could be despatched m two or
three days, m times of war, the business would be
increase, but, when it became necessary, a would
be easv to detail more force to that part of the coun-
try. But in order to keep down the Lumber of
Judges in the Supreme Court, it became necessary
to re-arrange the circuits.
Mr. ROANE. It is said by flu. friends of this
bill that it cannot pa^s for want ot time, if it is to
bedtbated' Sir, Í assure those gentlemen that I
would not defeat the most obnoxious measure b/
meie debate, for that purpose only. He had but
discharged what he felt to hi h s duty in rising in
the first in-.tarce, and promptly entering h   protest
as one of the Repre-entativts ot Virginia agam«t
this sadden and unexpected atte apt to put that old
Commonwealth out of that posiiion in our judicial
system which s ,e fad so honorably maintained
from its touiidati n And, sir, I shojid n it have
nsen again, bu' for r-mark", which have fallen
from two oi three S natoiv. In reference to that
of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mi. Clay] that ha
hoped and believe 1 lhat Virginia, in any desne
she might fetl to remain m her judicial ro-
sitisn, would not be actuated by an) considera-
tion of office, he had cordially to thank the Sena-
tor for the justice he docs his native Stale m this
respect No man knows bíltur than dees that
honorable Senator, that Virginia ha~ been ps- little
actua'el by low considerations <f office, as any
other State in the Union, and been at all tunes as
prompt and íeady as any one of them to sacnf)C0
all selfish consideiations on the aUai of the public
good; and, for myeli, I solemnly declare that no
consideration of th  kind moves me in the course
I have taken on this sudden emergency. My head
tells me that if I was a North Carolinian, my feel-
ing and conduct would be the same that I n w
manifest.
The Senator fiom Alabama, [Yli Clay] has al-
veited to the same subject m another aspect—and
urges that Virgima has had the judge of that cir-
cuit for a continuous period of more than foity
years, and also, that on one occasion two judges of
the Supieme Cour' vure residing within her limits
at the same time True, sir, tor more than foiiy
years the judge of lhat circuit has reside] in the
State of Virginia, but ]c it be borne in mind that
duung Ih-iX entue period there were but two judges.
Had theic been during lhat long lime many judges
appointed, and all of them taken irom Virginia, I
Co not know thai, in such a ca,=, eomplairrs < f the
fact could be properly urg^d , icept from her asso-
ciate sister, Noilh Caiolma. Su,ihe very distin-
guished 'at*. Chut Jusiiee of the Umtid Si.He«, who
all admit to have bem one o th- brightest orna-
ments to the tench and the cotmtr,, na. a lesi-
dent judge of Virginia ¡or moie taan thiriy-ifive of
the lor" yp-ir.1 His distinguished sucees-cr, whose
sudden death we arc now mourning, resided in Vir-
giniadunngtha balance of that period, and never have
I heard, nor do I believe there ever txistc', a mui-
uiur of omplamtin North Gait hna or elsewheie
that tht " two eminent judges hippmed to be na-
tives and residí ni oí Virk m . It t<-pise true, as-
the S na'or rlli>o¿s, «hoi reo Judges ct the Su-
preme Ooiut did res.de at the sjibp time n Virgi-
nia Yes, ir, Judí Washington who prt sided in
the rncdit imrrrd'alcijr i orth of u^, res lied m th'-
noitlein margin oi Virg.n a, but, Sir, he fa-, thus
most c^nven.enlly s luptcd to a í id to the duties
of th" circuit awigntd to nim, and h" did attend to
them f.utbfully, and I am perfectly c-nain that no
huiiipri Iv.ng would have torn htm f.oru the vene-
rated shade 0f Mount Vernon, which he had inhe-
rited from his immoital ilativo «i.id t<,mtsake,
merely lhat he should reside within the terutorial
limits of his judia?! circuit.
Bat, sir, I am asked by the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Huntington,] if it be possible that
any consideration of office could operate in the
aversion to the pioposed change, 'ihe gentle and
inoffensive manner m which the inquiry ¡s made,
induces me, as far as I 3m concerned, to answe-
most frankly and sincerely, no,   I will not retort
the question, whether with that Senator any con-
sidera ion of office c nnected with this subject
we'ghs with him or sny ot hu friend-- in this sud-
den and hurried attempt to strike Virginia from
her old and natural po3iti< n. If I was to ask it, I
hope I should receive the same prompt and frank
answer in the negative.
Mr. President, it only remains for me to say,
that if this amendment is ad pted, as I believe it
will be, Virginia will part with great reluctance
from her old and long associated sister North
Caiolina, between whom and her there is a pe-
culiai identity of interests, habits, aianners,
and feeling, growing out of their common
buth and kind neighbors!! p. I also say that
she will be ready to extend the piternal em-
brace to her hi«hly re-pected Northern neigh-
bor, Maryland, m the fullest confidence that they
wdl get •'long most harmonn u->ly together, and en-
joy an able and impartial administration ct law and
justice But, Mr. President, wuhout any ihe, slightest
disrespect whatever to VTaiyland or any other
State, for [ love them all, I cannot forbear to ex-
press a feeling that I have It is, 'hat if this thing
i.'o be done, if the puolic good demands, and Con-
grí ss wills (hat Virginia shall be pushed out of hei
old p'ace, ihat she may be shoved on the South,
or towards her " beloved We^t," beyond the Alle-
gantes, now as easily crossed as the Potomac, and
daily becoming moie accessible to her.
Mr SEVIER sent to the Secretary's desk, tobe
read, a letter wh ch he had received from Judge
Craton on the subject, and in favor of this arrangt-
ment.
The Secretary having read the letter,
Mi, MANGUM asked it he were 10 understand
lhat Virginia and North Carolina were to be se-
parated
The PRESIDENT replied ,„ the afliraative.
Mr. MANGUM sail he had net so under-
stood it.
Mr HUNTINGTON arise amidst a ciy of
"question," and he gave way to
Mr. "ROANE, who called for the ayes and noes
ok ihe amendment.
Mr. GRAHAM inquired whether the proposed
change would occasion any conflict in the times of
holding the cour1.
Mr. CLAY of Aiabima said no cinflict could
an--e. as the judges had the ar.angement and regu-
lation of their own Circuits, and as m this measure
th  judges- had concurred.
Mr. BENTON was opposed to the imendment,
and he would state sume of his reascm. Some
ye.-w ago, when the judicial circuits were increased,
he sho\ ed his in< ety 10 nave ,ib equalization of
the circu is t0v th  Wesi; tha'desire had increased,
and continued to increase, and could not be pre-
veuted increasing by any action on this bill. Ttiey
had two Territories in the Northwest almost ready
to be admitted into the Union; they might
expect to Lear thar taps at the door of the
Suiate Chamber very soon, demanding admis-
sion, the South, too, had a Temtory almost ready
for admission imo the Union; and if there was to
be an} change now, he should desire to see two
new circuí s foi ihe West. Ha was in f?vor of m-
cieasing tht number of judges m the Union; he
to sec as many as therv w <"cc 1a Greai Britain. He
desued to sec at least as .-.¡any judges to take cog-
ni¿a' ce over 1,500 niilei square, to take cogni
¿ .rice over thi laws and the Constitution of 'he
United States, and the laws >nd the Constitutions of
the seveial States, as there were m England to take
cognizance over a territory >n extent not more than
equal to one of om large States He was i.i favor of
reemg twelve judge  0i the Supreme Court But
the condition of tne docktt- he looked upon as acci-
dental, and the qantum if business, be was of opi-
nion, should not belaktp exilasively as the rule
to govern them. He looked upon the circuit
judges—for all ncte cwuit judges-—m a two
fold charade; they had pos-er tu act as judges
of their circuits, consisting of one, two, or thiee
States, and as judges he.e of the whole Union; and
therefore he should be opposed to sinking Virgi-
ginia and Norlh Carolina from the judicial map
of ¡he country. He was m favor of Ihe dif-
¡ ferent sections of this Union being represented on
