216                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
greater than he had stated. They had been twelve
m number for several centuries, bul within the
last few years they had been mcieased to fiftf en.
Tbe vote was then taken on the amendment,
which was adopted-—ajes 34, noes 13, as   follows
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Bates, Bayard, Bu-
chanan, Clay of Alabama Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Ctrhbert, Dixon, Fulton, Henderson
Huntington, Kerr, Kmg, Knight, L>nn, Mangum,
Merrick, Mouton, Nicholson, JNorvel), Phelps,
Porter, Prentiss, Presto*, Rives, Robinson, Rug
gles, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tall-
madge, Walker, snd William —34.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Gra-
ham, Hubbard, Lumpkin, Pierce, Roane, Smith
of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wail, ard
Wright—13.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana then submitted another
amendment, which was also adopted.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and the
amendments adopted as in committee of the whole,
were concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was subsequently read a third t'me, and
passed.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on the
PostOffife and Post Roads reported a joint resolu-
tion authorizing the Postmaster Genera! to make
contracts tor carrying tbe mail coastwue between
Mobile and New Orleans; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following reso-
lution:
Reselved, That the Senate will, on this and each
succeeding day of the present session, take a recess
from half past two o'clock to four o'clock, p. rn.
The adoption of the resolution was advecated by
Messrs. WRIGHT and WILLUMS; and, the
question on its parage being taken, it was decided
in the negative—ayes Siloes 26.
Mr. WRIGHT, from theCorrmitleeon Finance,
to which had been referred the House bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government fori the year 1841, reported
the same with sundry amendments, which were
read.
Messr*, ANDERSOti, TAPPAN, KNIGHT,
and HENDERSON, severally gave notice of
amendments which they intended to propose w'ren
the bill came up for consideration; which amend-
ment«, with those of the committee, were ordered
to be printed.
BÍLLS PASSED.
Tne bill for creating a new land district in the
Slate of Missouri, and for changing the boundaries
of the southwestern and western land districts m
said State;
The bill for the relief of Jesse Carpenter, and
The bill to amend the act entt'led "An act to
amend the act approved May 13, 1800, entitled
'An act to amend an act entnled 'An act to esta-
blish the judicial courts of the United States,'" were
severally read a third time, and passed.
The bill to declare the rights of the children of
the citizens of the United States born abroad, was,
on motion by Mr CLAY of Kentucky, laid on the
table.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, th* Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of Executive budi-
nes ; and m about an hour the doors were again
opened.
The joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to William J. Parham, and
other0, for attending aswnne«es to establish ¡he
claims of the stone cutters under the resolution of
21st July, 1840, was cons dered as m committee of
the whole, ard on the question of engrossment, it
was decided in the negative. So the rf solution was
lost.
Mr. HUBBARD moved thai when the Senate
adjourn, it adjourn to meet at 7 o'clock this
evening.
„^Is.motlon   was  strongly urged   by Messrs.
HUBBARD and WRIGHT, but before the  ques
lion was taken, a motion was made for adjourn-
ment, which was carried—ayes 17. noes 15
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, February 27, 1841.
On motion of  Mr   JONES of Virginia,  the
rules m relation to the order of bu-mess were sus-
pended, and the House proceeded to ihe constdera-
lon (f the bill making appropriations for the
NAVAL SERVICE FOR THE YEAR 1841.
The question recurred on the appeal of Mr.
Evans from the decision of the Chair, which was
pending vesferday when the House adjourned.
Mr. EVANS withdrew his appea1, and moved
to amend the bill by striking from the 13th line
thereof the words one million four hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars, and inserting in leu
thereof the following: "two million dollars; four
hundred thousand dollars tf which sum shall be
expended m building and equipping war steamers
of medium size "
The question was taken on agreeing to the
amendment, and decided in the affirmative—yeas
94, nays 80
The bill was read a third time;
And the question being stated on its passage,
Mr. WELLER moved the previous question,
whxh was seconded, put, and carried, and the bill
was passed, and is as follows:
A KILL making appropriations for the naval service tor the
year one thousand eight hunched and forty one
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa
tues pf the United States of Americain Congress assembled,
That the following sums be appropriated in addition to the un
expended balances of formei appropriations outofary nnap
pioprmted money in the Treasuiy, for the naval service, for
the yeai one thousand eight hundied and f it) one, viz
Foi pay of commission, wirrant and petty offii eis, and sea
men, two million three hundred and thllty five thousand dot
lars.
Tor pay of superintendents, naval constructors and all the
civil establishments at the several yards, forty thousand dol
tars,
Foi provisions, five hundred thousand dollars,
Tor increase, repair, armament, and equipment of the navy,
and wearand tear of vessels m commission, two million did
tars, fiur hundred thousand ot which sura shall be expended
in building and equipping war steameis of medium size,
Por medicines and surgical instruments, hospital stoies and
other expenses on account of the sick, thuty thousand dolíais,
For improvement and necessary repansof the navyyaidat
Portsmouth New Hampshire, fifteen thousand dolíais,
Pol improvement and necessary repairs of the navy yaid at
ChiUestown, Massachusetts, twenty five i! oii^and two hundred
dollars,
Foi improvement and necessary repairs of die navy yard at
Biooklyn, New Yoik, forty six thousand eighthundied dollars,
For improvement and recssaiy repairs of the navy yaul at
F/idadelphi i, Pennsylvani i five thousand fom bundled dollars,
For impiovemcnt and necessaiy repiirs of the navv yard at
Washington, District of Columbia, six thousand six hundied
do'lars,
For improvement and necessary repins of the navy yard at
Gosport, Virginia, twenty nine thousand four hundied dollars,
For improvement and necessaiy repairs of the navy yard
neai Pensacota, Tlonda, twelve thousand dollars,
For defraying (he expenses that may acciue foi the following
purposes, viz Foi the fieight and nanspoitallón of material 
and stoies oí eveiy descuption, for whirlage and dockage, sto
rage and lent, tra/ellingexpensesnf offlccis, ind trinsp rtation
of seamen   house rent to purseis, when duly authonzed   for
funeral expenses for commissions clerk hire, office rent, sfa
tiunuy, and fuel to navy agents   for premiums and incidental
expenses of recruiting  for apprehendingdeseners foi compen
sation to judges advocate   foi per dipm allowance to per ons at
tending  couits   martial   and   couits of inquiry,   or other
services   authorized   by    law,    for    printing   aad   station
ery   of  every   description,   and    for   working    the   Iitho
giaphic    press,   foi   books,   maps,   charts,   mathematical
and nauttal  instruments, chronometers,  models,   and draw
ings  for the purchase and repair of file engines and machinery,
for the i epali of steam engines m navy yards, for the purchase
and maintenance of oxen and hordes, and for caits, timber
wheels, and workmen's tools of eveiy description, for postage
of letters on public service  for pilotase and towing ships of
war, for taxes and assessments on public property, for assist
anee rendered to vesseis in distress, for incidental labor at navy
yards  not applicable lo any other appropnalion   for coal and
of het fuei, and for candles and oii, for the use of navy yards and
shore stations and for nootnei object oi puipose whatevei, four
hundred and fifty thousand dollar-.
For contingent expenses for objects not hereinbefore enume
rated, three thousand dotlars,
Foi necessary repairs of the hospital building at Charles
town, Massachusetts, one thousand five hundred dollars,
Foi necessary repairs of the hospital building at tJrooidyn
New York, three thousand dollar^,
Forneces ary íepairsof the hosp tal building at Not folk, Vir
gima, two thou and dollars;
For necessary repairs of the hospital building at Pensacola,
Florida, one thousand five htindn d dollars
For pav of oíliceis non commissioned officers musicians,
privates, andseivants, serving on shore and subsistente of offi
cerg of the marine corps, one hundred and seventy six thousand
nine hundied and twenty seven dolUrs
For provisions for the non commissioned officers, musicians
pnvates, and servan's and washerw omen serving on shore, forty
five thousand and fifty four dollars,
For clothing, forty three thousand six hundred and sixty two
dollars;
For fuel, sixteen thousand two hundred and seventy four
dollars,
For keeping barracks in repan, and foi rent of temporary
barracks at Mew York, six thousand dollars,
For transportation of officers, non commissioned officers,
musicians, and pnvates, and expenses of recruiting, eight thou
sand dollars,
For medicines, hospital supplies, surgical instruments, pay
of matron and hospital steward , four thousand one hundred and
folly dollars,
For militai y stores, pay of ai meirers, keeping arms m repan,
accoutrements, ordnance stores, flags, drums, fifes, and other
instruments, two thousand three hundred dollars
For contingent expenses of said corps, viz for freight,
feinage, toll, wharfage, and cartage, for pel diem allowance for
attending courts martial and courts of inquiry, compensation to
judges advocate, house rent where theieaie no public quarters
assigned, per diem allowance to enlisted men on constant labor,
expenses of burying deceased maunes, printing, stationery, im-
age, postage on public letters, expenses m pursuit of deserters,
candles and oil, straw, barrack furniture, bed sacks, spades,
axes shovels, picks, carpenter's tools, and for keeping a horse
foi the messenger, seventeen thousand nine hundred and eighty
dollars
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Virginia, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cüshing in the
chair,) and took up the bill mak'ng appropriations
for ihe
SUPPORT OF THE ARMY FOR THE YEAR 1841
The bill was read, when
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana offerred the following
amendment, to come in after the 91st line, viz-
"For the continuance of the Cumberland road
through the States ot Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
$300,000, to be subjected to all the restrictions and
limitation5; of former appropriations.''
Mr. JONES of Virginia suggest! that the
amendment was not in order, being a subject differ-
ent from that under debate.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana said, that if the gentle-
man from Virginia would waive his point oí order,
he would be satisfied to have the vote taken upon
the amendment without debate.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment vtas
in order.
Mr. MONTGOMERY appealed from the deci-
sion; and
On the question being taken, Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?
It was decided m the affirm.  ive—ayes 83, nays 54.
The question on the amendment was then taken,
by teller^, and rejected—aye-* 17, noes 84.
Mr. HUNT moved to amend by inserting
$100,000 lor ihe ímpiovment of the navigauon of
the Huds< n river, the money to be expended under
the direct on of the Secre ary of War.
The amendment being rulsd out of order by the
Ciuiri,
Mr. HUNT took an appeal, but the decision
of tbe Cha r was sustained.
Mr MOORE moved to amend, by inserting af-
ter the 49th line, an appropriation of $40 000 for
removirg obstructions in Red River; which amend-
ment was likewise decided by the Chair to be out
of order
Mr GRINNELL moved to amend, by inserting
$7,500 for the purchase or manufacture of repeat-
ing fire arms, under the direction of the Secretary
of War.
Mr WADDV THOMPSON moved further to
amend by substituting $20,000, and inserting the
word "Colt's"' before the word "repeating."
After some discussicn between Messrs WAD-
DY THOMPSON and SMITH of Mame, the
former modified his amendment by striking out the
word "Colt's"
After some debate of rather a discursive charac-
ter on a point of order, tbe question was taken on
the amendment of Mi Thompson to the amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr Gbinnell, and it was also rejected.
Mr. JONES of Virginia then moved the follow-
ing amendment from the Committee oí Ways and
Means, to come in after tbe end of the bil:
"For preventing and suppressing hostilities in
Florida, to be expended under the direction of tbe
Secretary of War, cosfrrmabiy to the acts of Con-
gress of the I9th of March, 1836, and the acts
therein leferred to, vi7 for fcaye, for freight or
transportation of military supplies of every descrip-
tion, from the places of purchase to Florida, for the
purchase of wagons nr¡4 harness, of boats and
lighters, and other vessel , rf hcr«es, mules, and
oxen, to beep up tbe train , oí tools, leather, and
^Iher materials for repair", for transportation with-
in Florida, including the line of Meamboats and
other vessels for service in the rivers, and on the
