218
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which had been referred to that committee, "re-
questing the President to communicate to the Se-
nate, U not incompatible with the public interest,
any correspondence which may have taken place
between ihis Government and that of Great Britain
relative to the Northeastern boundary, not hereto-
fore communicated to the Sena'e "
He would state, with as much brevity as possi-
ble, the reasons which had induced the committee
to believe that it would be inexpedient, at the pre
sent moment, to publish the correspondence to
which the resolution referred
It would be recollected by Senators who had
directed their attention to this subject, that
m consequence of the correspondence alrea-
dy pub'isned between the two Governments,
and to which he need not particularly refer,
it became the duly of Great Britain to submit
to our Government the projet of a cmvention tor
the settlement of this long disputed boundary
question. This, duty had been peiformed b\ t ¡e
British Government in the month of May, 1839
The President did not approve of this proposed
convention, chiefly because it contained no ulu
mate provisie n which must inevitably and finally
determine the control ersy between the two coun-
tries Indeed, from its character, it was quite pro-
bable that, had it been adopted, it would not have
produced this result so much lo be desired And
the President was firmly convinced, considering the
long delay—the high stale of mutual imtahoa ex-
isting along the border, and the imminent dan
ger of actual collision, that the interest* ot both
parties inif eraiively demanded the adoption ot such
treaty stipulations as must necessarily make, an
end of the question. The Btmsh Government
had since unequivocally coincided wuh the Presi
dent in these sentiments, and the two Governments
had already agreed upon the essential points of a
convention based upon these prmeiples, and alike
advantageous and honorable to bo h. There were
still -some provisions ol this convention, of com-
paratively minor importance, and involving detail
rather than principle, which had not yet been
agieed upon, but if it were the smceie desire of
both parties, as he believed it was, to arrive at an
amicable c inclusion, the negotiation must soon be
succe«slully teimtnaied. Under the e peculiar cir-
cumstances, tin1 committee believed that it could do
no good to either pany, whilst it nu°lit be embai-
rassing to both Governments, to publish to the
world the correspondence and the different projels
and counter projets of treaties which had passed be-
tween ifiem.
Mr B said that his official position in the Sera c
had afforded him free access to all this correspon-
dence. He had cxamn ed it with oarr, and would
now frankly state th "impression which it had made
on his tmnd Although he would not pietend to
say that there were no omen of w?r in t'ie conduct
ot the Bulish Government on our Noitht-rn fro i-
tier, yet this he should a«-oer', with much confi
dence, that in the negotiation t'self lelative to our
Northeastern boundaty, noth rg hid occurred in-
consistent with the s nceie and anxnmis desire which
had always been professed by that Gov. rnment to
preserve the p*aco which now so nappily sub isted
between the two countri  , *.¡ d t bring lh<> ques
tion to a final and sattsfactoiy com lusion Proba
bly this expression might be too "(rong, ^/(i ne
ought to Imve qualified the gcieral ttnns he hid
used, bf excepting the delays we had expe-
nerced fiom the tardy movement- cf the British
Government at every slag'm ne progress oi the
negotiation. &inl he (Ui himself justified m usme,
at the picsent moment, the lingus^e ol the Pre i-
dent in his message at the commencement of
the se-sion, that, "from the character of the
points still m difference, an 1 the undoubted disposi-
tion of both parties to bring the matter to an errly
conclusion, I look with entire onfidence to a
prompt and satisfactcy lermimfioti of the negotia-
tion " He had reason to believe that such were
still the ant cipations of the P^psi lent in regard to
the Northeastern boundary quesli'm.
Mr B said that on the piesent occasion he
should purposely refrain firm the expression of
any opinion m regard to the case of the steamboat
Caroline.   This was rendered unnecessary by the
fact that all the correspondence in relation to this
subject, of any general impórtame, had already
been published, and each Senator had ,he same
means of fornmg an opm'on wluah he himself en-
joyed. There was no truth whatever in the lumor
now so current, that thrre had been an angry cot 
respondenee between the British Minister and the
Secretary of State since the date of the last corre-
spondence between them, now before the public
There was no foundation for this rumor. It was
true that, since that time, a single note, bearing
upon this subject, had been addressed by Mr Pox
to Mr. Forsyth, which the latter had answered; bat
this note and answer were ol so little importance,
that he, Mr. B did not deem it necessary to call
for their publication, and their tone was far from
being of an angry character
Mr CLAY ot Ky said, the mo t important point
related to the adjustment of the Northeastern boun-
dary, and m order to produce a definite settlement
of that question, there had been pi (posáis made
for its reference to arbitration, a1? had benn stated
by the chairman, and the principles which should
regulate a matter of that nature had been agreed
to, with the exception of si me comparatively u"-
' importan' point With respect to the case of the
¡ Caroline, there had been some delay, and the Go-
! vernment had not received any satisfactory answer
| as to the fact whether that capture within oui juris-
diction was by order of the Government of Great
Britain. As to the case of McLeod, he was not
very well informed about it Whether there had
been any communication betveen the Executive
and the Governor of New York, he knew not, but
his opinion was, thit there ought to h,ne been
a tequesl from the Secretary of S ate to the Go-
vernment of New York, if they per,everpelin trying
this man, that he be bri u^ht to a place where he
can have a fair and impartial trial, and whatever
shou'd be the result of that triil, that his personal
safety should be put bey nd a'l ques'ion But
without any such request, a sense of propriety
would prompt the Government of New York to
take that course wi hout sugce lion from any
quarter. He [Mr. Ciay] was in hopes the man
would have a fair trial, and he hoped, as he al-
ways did, that the result f the evidence if that
tnal would be such as would satisfy the jury of the
country of thp innocence of the man, and that he
wonld be acquitted Wuh respect i > the raptures
on the coast of Aiiiea, he took it that satisfactoiy
explanations could be msoV, for the Government of
Great Britain should understand that this country
will not submit to the n ht 11 « arch, vhich was
Ihe cause of the last war But the ge nrral cha-
racter of our relations was such that, and from
what he had heard aid ' rn out of doors rather
than fiom what had occurred m this and the "other
braneh of Congies^ his tpmion was ihit they
would not require any s| cc al mission whatever
Tne ordinary min'ster accredited to Gieat Britain,
wonld be quite competent to ihe discharge of all
the special duties thit wi i.lel devolve upon htm
He í ouldad-. further thit in ¡efdence to the state
of the relations between ibis country and Great Bri-
tain, he had not begun to think of the possibility of
any immeelnte war with Great Butain. But
while he <?a\d this he helped le would not be un-
derstood as saying that he h pee! t > avoid any pre-
paratii n which might be ncessarv in the event of
the assertion t í o >r ri hts, or any pre elisions, what-
ever quarter they n ignt cone fiom aíroad N >, ne
looked upt n th< c nlinn of our nivy inri the
want o' «team battues, ¿nd ih< absence ef all
th se floaiin? meitis or nucieras matt is of just
and de< p concernmenr, and he did hop-- they
would hav<= a verv earlv and constan "tt n'jon,
that tne countiy mi<<ht be prepared for any pi ta-
ble emergency. Hp would close by repeating the
expression of his hepe, tiiat there wou'd b¿ no im-
mediate cause of war, and h/> be) eved both Go
vernments were antmat d by a rle-jreio piev'ive
peacp, which was so essential to the" happiness of
both
The question was then taken on di chargma ihe
committee from the further consideration of the sub-
ject, and it was agreed to
Mr. CUTHBERT rose and sta'ed his purpose
to be to place before the Senate the proofs m rela-
tion to the sentiments of Mr. Webster m regard
to the constitutional power of the Government over
the transportation of slaves from one State to
another.
Mr PHELPS interposed a point of order, which
was sub-equently withdrawn, and a debate arose
m which Messrs. CUTHBERI", PHELPS, KING,
PRESTON, CLAY of Kentucky, RIVES, BU-
CHANAN, WALKER, and WRIGHT, partici-
pated, at the conclusion of which,
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the Senate ad-
journed to meet again 5 o'clock this evening.
[Evening Session.]
THE APPROPRIATION BILL.
On the motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the Senate
toolt up, as in committee of the whole, the bill
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of die Government for the year 1841.
Mr WRIGHT said the first question m order
would be on the amendments proposed by the com-
mittee, and he hoped they would be acted on in their
order He then briefly explained the first amend-
ment, which proposed to limit the fees of certain
officers of the United States courts.
Mr SMI1H of Indiana opposed the introduc-
tion of f e bills into an appropriation bill- it was a
subject, he thought, which required more delibera-
tion than they were then able to bestow upon it.
Mr PHELPS aho advocated the passage of the
usual appropriation bill, and the postponement of
this question lo a future occasion. He was of
opinion many officers were too highly compensated,
but then, within forty-eight hours of the close of
the se ssion, they could not give the subject the con-
sideration it requned
Mr. BENTON was in favor of the limitation
pioposed 'o bf placed on these fees and salarie?.
líe was opposed io the whole idea of making for-
tunes out of the public service. He was willing to
¡>llow to every person employed by the Government
a fair compensation for his service, he was willing
to give the person employed by the year, as well
as .he day labor, r, a fair and liberal remuneration
for his time and service, but he scouted the whole
idea of making fortune* out of offices It is not
for that purpose, said he, that offices were cieated.
They v re created for the public good, and not for
individual emolument, and tnose who wanted for-
tunes should look for them elsewhere—should
look for them in their own exertion , and
m the pursuits of trade and business No good
had resulted to the public from the e great salaries,
on the contiary, the greatest defalcations had hap-
pened where the fees and salaries were greatest.
The idea of gett ng rich suddenly too often led to
peculations and alventures, wh ch ended in the
applica ion of the public moreys to private uses
Pair and reasonable compprsation was all that
ought to be allowed. Besides the inherent objec-
tion to exttavagant salaries, and their tendency to
lead officers into speculations and the use of the
public money, there was another objection to them,
arr ng from then tendency to increase ihe thirst for
office, and to bring improper character to apply for
them. When a fortune is to follow office, the desire
for it is incieased Thp mi st avaricious become the
most clamorous. They devote the-nselves to its
acqaismon They enter the field for the candi-
date from whom they expect rewaid They spare
no means, fair or foul, to elect him If they suc-
ceed in ihe elicti n, they go and demand a. reward,
as if tney lwd been working for wages, and become
di satisfied if they do not get i1 Tnere js pnough
in the honors of office, and it the ad'actions of a
reasonable salarj, to btmg sufficient heat and strife
in.ooJ-"Ipctions Th re is no necessity for add-
ing to theof inducements by setting up fortunes to
reward the exertions of political adventurers.
Th>re is no necessity to whet the appetites, or to
stimulate the passions, or to increase the exertions
of tne office seeking corps. They are numerous
enough, ardert enough, zealous enough m elec-
tions, and importunate enough after elections are
ever, without requiring th  prize of afortune to be
added to the honors and ordinary emoluments of
office Such fees and salaries as those mentioned—
twenly—forty—sixty—eighty thousand dollars—
ODght to be curtailed     They excite cupidity for
