CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
such a rumor. There had been no correspondence
calculated in any way to produce any more diffi-
culty than previously existed. It was true that cor-
respondence had taken place, but it was so unimpor-
tant as not to be deemed necessary to communicate
it to either branch of Congress He conceived it
highly important that this explanation should be
received, as he hoped the committee would not
legislate under a false impression. No correspon-
dence had taken place which was calculated to
vary the position of ihe parties since the correspon-
dence which had last been presented to the House.
These false rumors had been alluded to from seve-
ral quarters of the House, and were calculated to
produce unsound legislation.
Mr. P. then proceeded to say that he hoped the
bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means would be adopted speedily.
The general system of fortification demanded by
gentlemen, required a practical knowledge before
all its bearings could bs known, and he would take
occasion to say, that when the next Administration
came into power, let them propose a general sys-
tem as a whole—a system of defence lor all the
poinls of the country, and if it should be a system
that his judgment could approve, he would pledge
himself that he would not stop to ask what was the
miserable amount of revenue that might be de
rived from a tax on wines or silks, but he would
cheerfully vote an amount equal to the whole pro-
ceeds of wines and silks imported, if the next Ad-
ministration should deem it requisite and proper
for the defence of the country by any new contin-
gency.
Mr. P went on to contend that no system of
land fortification could posssbly answer, unless it
should be connected at various points with the navy.
It would be utterly impossible 10 protect our exten-
sive coast, unless a proper connection was had
with a naval force. Take central and leading
points, which can protect and sustain your naval
defences, suited to our extensive coast of 2,000
miles. It is steam batteries and steamships that
can give you defence suited to the improvements of
the age.
Mr. P. contended that our present system of for-
tifications was utterlyl unsuitable tor the present
wants of the country The system had been par-
tially brought from France m 1816, and, since the
introduction of steam power, was to a great extent
inapplicable to our extensive territory and sparse
population
In answer to a question from Mr. Monroe, as
to what was the sjstem brought from France,
Mr. PICKENS explained its nature, and said it
was principally carried through by General Ber
nard, distinguished in France and in this country,
and again urged that it was a system, now,
since the introduction of steam power, as totally
inapplicable for the defence of a country wuh such
an extensive coast as ours Mr P then said how
he would connect the land fortifications with the
naval force. He would, he said, establish points at
the following places, where the foits could co-ope-
rate with the navy, he would take a central point
between the St Croix and Cape Cod, and then
New York and the mouth of the Chesapeake be-
tween Cape Cod and Cape Hatteras, and then be-
tween Hatteras and Cape Floridi, he would fortify
Charleston and the mouth of the Savannah river,
and then between Cape Florida and the Sabine he
would fortify Pensacolaand the mourns of the Mi°-
sippi, he would have all these points well fortified
to protect and "sustain an efficient system of naval
defences suited to your extensive sea-coast and
commerce. As to the interior points of fortifica-
tion, and those of smaller glades, he would discard
them—he looked upon them as behind the age.
But, said Mr P any other system of fortification
confined exclusively to land, will prove a miserable
failure.
In answer to another interrogatory, Mr P ob
served that it would be folly to think that England
would ever think of invading us again Irom the
Cañadas England could have no object in at-
tempting a permanent invasion on that frontier
The case now and at the last war in 1812, was
widely different. In 1812 that portion of the coun-
try on the lake frontier was thinly populated, and
had but little connection with the Atlantic cities
Owing to its defenceless position, the consequence
was that the British for-med their plan of invasion
of the lake coast, with a view to connect a military
cordon through the interior to New Orleans, and
cut off the Valley of the Mississippi from the At-
lantic States. They had some prospects of succeed-
ing at that per.od—hence the invasion Was there.
But now ihe case was widely different.   That part
of the couniry was now densely populated, and  I
with a population,   too,   decidedly   warlike   and  .
spirited   to   the    highest  degree,   so    that   now
it would be madness   on the part of Great Bri-  I
tarn   to   attempt   an  invasion   in   that   quarter   |
She   could gam  nothing by   it,   but  the danger
would be the reverse, and the invasion would be   ¡
from this country upon Cinada if a rupture should
take place, which he trusted would not occur, and  I
he believed it would not.   What I mean to say,  '
continued Mr. P. is, let the next Administration,
when it comes into power, propose a proper system
of fortification—a system embracing the improve-
ments of the age, and calcula'ed to meet the wants   i
of the country—and  I   will go with them to the
utmost      I   will   not   only    go   for   a   tax   on
wines and silks, but I  will most cordially, when
the proper time shall arrive give Ihem my support,   I
if any serious difficulty should arise to call for it
I will, then, at a proper time, vote for all they may   [
want    But I hold that this is not the proper time,
and I protest against this system, of legislating by  i
piecemeal, and without proper information, and
unconnected with a system as a whole, suited to  '
the wants of the country.   It any senous difficulty
should arise between us and a foreign power, (which
he hoped would not be the case,) let the Adminis-
tration call Congress together, and we will meet
the issues as a free people o lght     Let tho«e who
are to execute 'aws, and conduct negotiations in
the  future, take that course that patriotism may
dictate, and there can be no difficulty.
Atter some remarks from Messr. TILLING-
HAST and CUSHING,
Mr ANDERSON said he proposed to offer an
amendment to the amendment of his colleague in
the following words For the repair of forts at
Wiscafset, Damari'-coiti, Castme, and Eastport, <
the sum of three thousand dollars each, unle-s his
colleague would accept this amendment as a modi I
fication of his own, providing an appropriation for
the repair of Forts Pieble and Scammel
Mr SMITH having so modified his proposition
as to include the first nam d works,
Mr ANDERSON remaiked that he went with
pleasure for ihe amendment as it now stood, and only
regretted that he was prevented by the rules of the .
House from including in his a" endment an appro-
priation for the commencement of a fortification
greatly more important than any he had named,
and one which had received the most favorable re-
commendation from the Corps of Engineers and
the Department ot War, he alluded to a fortifica
tion at the mouth of Penobscot river, opposite
Bucksport Mr. A said he had now m his drawer
an amendment appropriating fifty thousand dol-
lars for the commencement of this important work,
which he intended to offer should the motion
of the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, to lay aside the present bill and take up that
reported by him, prevail, and in reference to that
bill, Mr A could not refrain from expressing his
surprise, that this necessary work should have I
been omitted Mr. A. read from trie report of the
War Department, upon thena'iona! defences, com-
municated at the last session, showing the impór-
tanos of this work, and an estimate of us cost (rom ;
the corps of engineers, and m the tibie appended
to that report, Mr A. showed that it was not only
in the table of works to be fust commenced, but the
very jinltn that class, and he was astonished that
the committee, who professedto be governed by the
recommendation and estimates of the Department,
ihould have wholly omitted this work Mr A
went into sume particulars, showing the great im-
portance of this torufication, as affording a refuge
in time of war for the extension and growing com-
merce of Penobscot Bay and River, a commerce
increasing with rapid s'rides, and which promises
to surpass that of a^y other section oí the S'ate
The bill reported b/ the Military Committee is
singular in other íespects, and anxious as he was
to pro vice for the national defences, he should feel
compelled, by a sense of duty to the State he
had the honor in part to prepresent, to vote against
it, unless considerably amended. Nearly three
hundred thousand dollars are appropriated in that
bill for the harbor of Boston, and the pitiful sum of
twenty-five thousand dollar^ for the whole State of
Maine—a State having three hundred miles of sea
coast, and which is now utterly defenceless His
colleague had well and truly described the defence-
less condition of our maritime and interior frontier,
and he hoped that when the fortification bill, re-
ported by the Military Committee, should come up,
the amendment he should offer would receive the
favorable consideration of the House. Mr. A. said
he went m opposition to many of his friends, for
the proposed increase to the naval appropriation,
and he did so the more willingly, as it contained a
provision for the building of steam vessels of a me-
dium size, which, in case of war, may, in some
small degree, supply the want of ¡and fortifications,
of which his own State was so totally destitute,
and he was desirous to support any reasonable and
equal proposition for a general system of frontier
and maritime defences.
Mr A desired to say more in relation to this
subject—a subject in which his own constituents,
and the whole Stale, were deeply interested, but
would not at this la'e period of the session further
detain the commit'ee.
Mr. VANDERPOEL opposed the idea of laying
a'ide the regular bill from the commutes, under the
sanction of the Departments, and taking up ano-
ther from a different committee, proposing larger,
much larger, appropriations foi a magnificent sys-
tem of t( rnficanon He was as much awake to
the necessity for defence as any man: but other
considerations were to be looked at. Here doctors
disagreed some neld that ihe immense sums we
had spent on these forts were thrown away that,
n spile of all the millions appropriated, the coun-
try was defenceless, and a single frigate might cap-
ture the city of New York' Instead of a new
system for forts, his plan wis entirely different.
Every few days we had a war humbug to authorize
the picking of the people's packets. This very
morning he had heard about a most angry corre-
spondence between Mr Fox and Mr Forsyth.
Hi! plan was to appropriate only for forts alrea-
dy begun, and then to appoint a commission to re-
port on the point whether these forts were or were
not worthy of bema relied on.
Mr THOMPSON replied that this very thing
had been done In May, 1840, a most luminous
report had been ren'eied by some oí the ablest
military men in this country or in any other, going
to show that the new inventions in gunnery and
steam navigation rendered works like those now
proposed by the Military Committee more needed
than ever He trusted he should hear no more tf
these wild and un'ounded assertions by men unac-
quainted with military science
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he was a man of
peace, and professed not to "speak of war in the
presence of Hannibal " But he must object to a
magnificent bill at a time when gentlemen were
proclaiming that the country was exhausted, and on
the brink of rum. Mr. V. here went back to the
histoiy of the distribution bill, when gentlemen, in-
stead of applying our surplus to the defence of the
country, div ded it among the Siates. But bow,
when they saw the country was fainting, and al-
most dymg, gem lemen's patriotism was vivid as the
lightning He was gHd, however, to find that the
fears of war were disclaimed on every side. Why,
then, tax a people ground down by the mal-admi-
mstration ot these dreadful Locos? He protested
against it and washed his hands of it.
Mr FILLMORE, m the course of his remarks,
asked the chairman of the Committee en Foreign
Affairs, [Mr. Pickens] whether his declaration this
morning, that there was no foundation for the ru-
mor about an angry correspondence on the subject
of MoLeod, was not inconsistent with what the
gentleman had told h "i a few minutes previous.
Mr PICKENS explained that what he had first
said m private conversation to the gentleman, was
