CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
ton, Roane, Sm'th of Connecticut, Smnh of India-
na, Southard, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wall,
Williams, Wright, and Young—40.
Three other amendments, proposed by Mr. AN-
DERSON, were alio adopted, the firs,t providing
that all stores hereafter rented by the collector, n?-
val officer, or surveyor, shall be on public ac-
count, the second, that fake shearing by either of
the above mentioned officers, on taking the oath at
the rendition oí his accounts, shall be deemed per-
jury, and be prosecuted as such, and the last, that
all laws inconsistent with the fifth, sixth, and
seventh sections of this act, should be thereby re-
pealed.
Mr. TAPPAN next submitted his amendment,
providing that the Librarian ot Congress should be
authorized to employ a*i additional assistant at a
yearly compensation ot $1,150, commenting De-
cember 1, lb41, which was agreed to, and the
amount here granted was deducted fiom the sum
of $4,085, appropriated as contingent aud othei ex-
penses of the library.
Mr KNIGHT withdrew an amendment which
he had offered; his object, he said, having been ac-
complished in an amendment of the Committee on
Finance, which had been adopted
The bill was then reponed to the Senate, and the
amendments were concuned m, aud the bill as
amended was ordered to a third reading
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the bill making appropriations for
the improvement of the harbors on the Northern
and Northwestern lakes, with various amendment
the report accompanying the bill was ordered to be
printed
On motion by Mr WILLIAMS, the Senate
then proceeded to the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year 1841
The amendments of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, which augmented the appropriations for
the several navy yards to the estimates of the Navy
Department, which were agreed to
Mr WALL proposed as an amendment an ap
propnation of $10,000 to maintain, under the con-
trol of the Secretary of the Navy, two of France's
lifeboats, to be stationed at Rockaway, N Y and
Long Branch, N. J. which was agreed to—ayes 18,
noes 17.
Mr. TALLMADGE proposed an amendment
appropriating $3 000 for house rent for the com-
mandants of the navy yards at Philadelphia and
Brooklyn; which was disagreed to
Mr. PRESTON proposed an amendment appro-
priating a sum of money for defraying the expenses
of transporting to Washington the objects ot natu-
ral history collected by the Exploring Expedition.
After some remarks from Mr SEVIER in op-
position, and Messrs WALKER aud TAPPAN
m favor of the amendment—
Mr. KING would go so far as to vote an ap-
propriation to transmit these articles to this city
if they were to be placed m the Patent Office, but
he would go no further, if it were intended after-
wards to appoint a committee to attend to them, or
to erect a place m which they should be kept.
Mr. PRESTON said there was a large room in
the Patent Office which that Department would
not require for some years, and he therefore thought
that would be the proper plan m which these things
should be preserved until some arrangement could
be made by which they could be made beneficial to
the country.
Mr. CALHOUN said, in matters of this descrip-
tion, which were likely to involve other expendi-
tures, great caution was necessary, and he should
vote against the amendment.
Mr. LINN thought it was possible to exercise
too much caution, he should dewre to see an ana-
tomy, as it were, of this great country, thus collect-
ed, and he believed the Patent Office was the pro-
per place, which had been contemplated when that
budding was erected
The amendment was then adopted—ayes 23,
noes 16
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and the
amendments made as in committee of the whole
were concurred in, except one offered by Mr. Wai l
making an appropriation of #10,000 for  the esta-
blishment of life boats atf¡Rockaway, in the Slate
of Npw Yoi k, and at Long Branch, in the State ot
New Jersey.
Mr. HENDERSON then moved an amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from New Jersey,
for the purpose of increasing the number of sta-
tions from 2 to 9, at various point  of the exten-
sive seaboard of this country, and the appropria-
tion from $10,000 to #50,000
Mr NORVELL offered an additional amend-
ment for the establishment of various similar esta-
blishments on the lakes
Mr. SEVIER likewise submitted an amendment
for the establishment of life-boat stations on nu-
merous points of the Ohio nvei
Mr WALL said it was obvious these amend-
ments were offered for the purpose ot destroying
the bill, and if tne honorable Senator thought the
lives of our sailors Here wolthy ot the proposed
appropriations for the trial ot such an experiment,
th^y would vote for the reconsideration ot the
amendment. He had offered the amendment in
gtod laith, for he deemed the safety of the lives of
our seamen requited it.
Mr BUCHANAN rt minded th- Senate that
ihnr sand was almost run, and that tomorrow,
w thout a suspension of th-* ruips, no approbation
bill could be sent lo die President They cuuhl
not, by any possibility, do much more busine s, but
it they passed mucn time in debate, they could not
do that When he was in Congiess some years
ago, it was understood tuat nothing should be in
troducel into an appropriation bilí beyond that
which was necessary to carry into effect existing
system", and that nothing new should be intro-
duced. He hoped nothing wou'd would be added
to this bill beyond that principle, and lhat the Se
nator from New Jersey would withdraw his amend-
ment
Mr WALL defended his amendment, and said
he was. influenced by no local feeling in offeniig it
Mr KING hoped the Sena'or from New Jersey
would withdraw his amendment, that the Senate
might proceed with its busme s
Mr HENDERSON consented to withdraw his
amendment, but
Mr WALL refused to withdraw the amendment
which he had proposed, and he asked for ihe ayes
and noes thereon.
The amendment was negatived—ayes 12, noe<
26
The bill was then ordered to be engros el, and
read a third time.
On the motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the bi'l
making appropriations lor civil and diplomatic
services of the year, was read a third time and
passed
The bill making appropriations for the support
of certain Indians, after being considered as in
committee of the whole, xvas ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third t me, as was also the bill
making appropriations to defray the expenses of a
delegauon of Seminole Indians from Arkansas to
Florida in attempting to effect a pacification of the
of the Florida Indians, and the bills were passed.
The bill making appropnat  as for the support
of the army for the year 1841, was taken up as m
committee of the whole, and several amendments
were made thereto, on the motion of Mr BEN-
TON—one <br an additional appropriation of
$25,000 for the purchase of a site, and the build-
írgof an arsenal at Charleston, S C and ano
ther adding $60,000 to the Mini ©f $300,000 men-
tioned in ihe bill as the appropriation for armories
He said $360,000 was the usual appropriation, and
#300,000 only had been inserted in the bill, on the
mistaken surponlion ihat fheie was a surplus of
$60 000 in the Tieasury.
Mr SEVIER moved an appropriation to com-
plete eertam military roads and he hoped he should
have the support of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr Pefston,] who had manifested such a
desire to put the country in a p'oper state of de-
fence
The amendment was debated by Messrs. SE-
VIER CALHOUN, LINN, ANDERSON, FUL-
TON, WRIGHT, LUMPKIN, and WALKER,
and T,as then negatived—ayes 18, noe* 22
Another amendment, offered by Mr SEVIER,
making an appropriation of $25,000 for the re-
moval of the raft on Red river, was adopted.
Mr KING proposed an appropnauon of $20,000
for a marine hospital at Mobile; which was
not adopted
Mr PORTER proposed an appropriation of
$6,000 to defray the expense of surveying and de-
signating the boundary line between Michigan and
Wiskonsan, which was debated by Me<srs,
WRIGHT, LINN, KING, CLAY of Alabama,
and PORTER, and was opposed on the ground en
which some previous amendments had been reject-
ed, that it was not a proper appendage to the army
bill.
The bill's considered in committee of the whole,
were severally read a third time, and passed.
Mr WRIGHT reported from the Committee on
Finance, wiihout amendment, an act making ap-
propriations for certain fortifications, which was
considered as in committee of the whole, read a
third time, and passed, and
Tne Senate then took a recess until 5 o'clock.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, March 2,  1841.
[Evening Session ]
On motion by Mr ROBINSON, the Committee
i n the Post Office and Post Roads, was discharged
from the consideration of all subjects heretofore re-
ferred to them, and unacted on
The bill making appropnauons for the support
of the army for the year 1841, was then taken up,
the question being on agreeing to an appropriation
for running the boundary line between Michigan
and Wi-konsan, wh.fh was agreed to, and the bill
ordered to be engn s*ed for a third reading.
The m( turn of Mr WALKER to reconsider the
vote by which the bill making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
Depaitment for the year 1841 was ordered tobe
engrossed, was then taken up.
This proposition gave rise toan animated debate,
the contested pi mt being the provision to set apart
ihe country west of the I9tli degree of longuude in
perpetuity for Indian settlement, Mr. SEVIER,
Mr CLAY of Alabama, and Mr ICING, m the
affirmative, on the ground of the impropriety of
confining the location oí these Indians to the fron-
tier of Arkansas and Missouri, and Mr. WALK-
ER, Mr TAPPAN, Mr WHITE, Mr ALLEN,
Mr BENTON, Mr YOUNG.andMr. WRIGHT,
i>i the negative The reconsideration was carnea
—*yes 31, noes 12 and the provision was stricken
out
Mr SEVIER then moved to reconsider the ap-
propriations for Indian treaties. In his opinion,
there was no propriety of making treaues for the
removal of ihe Indians, when you had not a foot
of soil to put them on when you had removed
them.
The motion was disagieed to.
Mr WHITE moved to amend by adding #5,000
for the expenses of the Miami treaty in November
last, which was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT  submitted   a letter
from the Secrelary of the Treasury, transmuting a
communication from ihe Register of the Treasury,
in relation to the annual  statement of commerce
and navigation, which was laid on the table, and
two thousand extra copies of the annual statement
ordered to be punted.
Mr BENTON submitted the following resolu-
t on for consideraiion
Btsolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be laid before the Senate,
at the commencement of the next session of Con-
gress, a comparative statement of the condition of
the public defences by land and water, and of all
the preparations and means of defence, on lh« fiist
day of January, 1829, and on the first day of Janu-
ary, 1841, togeher with a comparative statement
of the actual and authorized strength of the army
of the United States on tne same days
Mr PRESTON objected to its consideration, and
it lies over
The bill making appropriation for the current
and erntmgent expenses of the Indian Department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Indian
