224
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tribes, tor the year 1841, was read a third time, and
The' VICE PRESIDENT then rose, and ad-
dressed the Senate as follows.
Yesterday I intimated to the Senate that I should,
some time during the session of this day, feel it my
duty to retire from my seat, for the purpose of giv-
ing the Senate an opportunity of selecting a pre-
siding officer, for the convenience of organization
on the 4th of March; and I have selected this mo-
ment for that purpose, and to separate the official
ties which have existed between myself and the
members of this body for the last four years I
have much doubted the propriety of making any
remarks on this occasion. What I say, therefore,
shall be very brief, because the time would not per-
mit, nor would it be proper for me to give utter-
ance to all that my feelings suggest.
In taking my leave of the members of this body,
language is inadequate to express the feelings which
agitate my bosom. I have been associated with a
very great majority of ihe members of the Senate,
not only here during the last four > ears, but fur
many years, in ihe council  of our common coun-
try, and it has been my great happiness, during that
period, whatever diveisily of opinion or sentiment
has existed between me and my political frierds
on minor points, or between me and tho«;e from
whom I diffei on points of greater magnitude, to
know that my personal relations wnh them have
ever been kind and tender I was elected to the
place Í occupy by an equal vote of the Electoral
College, and by a majority of ihe votes o( the Se-
nate, alter having served my country for the term
of thirty-two years—two years m my native Stale
as a member of its Legislature, and thirty years in
the Congress ot the United States, either as, a mem-
ber of the House of Representauves or as a mem-
ber of (he Senate, and in the discharge of the la-
bors and toils which devolved upon me in this, chair
—humble as was the alter- pt to discharge them
faithfully—my station has b^en rendered pleasant
and agreeable and Í must not omit to say that
Whatever momentary a, nation oi excitement in de-
bate may have mierrupted the harmony and quiet
and order of the body, I can declare, with truth
and wnh candor, that such has- been the generous,
the magnanimous course of the individual mem
bers of the bouy, and paitioularly tucii has been
their indulgence towards me, who never «tudied
the rules of order technically, that my sta
tion here has been rendered pleasant and
agreeable. And if, m the di^chaige of my
official duties, I have ever tailed to gain your
approbation or to meet your acquie cence in the
course I have pursued, u has always arisen, not
from any want oí inclination, but from a want i-f
ability on my part to have formed them better It
has been my constant endeavor to act wnh perfect
impartiality towards the members of this body I
viewed each Senator as the representative of a
sovereign and independent State, and as entitled to
equal consideration Irom me The place from
whieh I am about to retire, will be occupied by a
distinguished^ citizen oí Vnjinia, who ha been
called by the voice of the people to this station,
and I should not do justice to myself if 1 did not
say that I retire from it w thout the least dissatis-
faction, for, humble as have been my services to
my country, I have oeen devoted to the great radi-
cal and lundamental principle of submission to
the voice of the people when ci nstitutionally ex-
pressed
I now return to you, one and all, my giateful
acknowledgments for the kindness aid friendship
which have always been extended towards me, and
wish you all well, whatever destiny may attend
you. And when I am far distant from 3 ou—as
time must separate us all even here, not to speak
of hereafter—as long as I shall have my recollec-
tion to remember the association  which I have bad
with this body, I hall al'ajs be animated by the
sentiment of kindness and friendship wita which I
take my final leave of the Senate
The Vice President having retired, and the
chair being occupied by Mr Hibbírd,
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following resolu-
tion for the consideiation of the Senate
Resolved unanimously, That the thanks  of the
Senate are due and are heieby tendered to Richard
M Johnson, the President of the Senate, for the
dignity and impartiality with which he has presided
over its deliberations
The resolution having been read by the Secre-
tary,
Mr MANGUM said I do not know, sir, that it
will be out of place in me to rue in this Senate, on
this occasion, to notice the conduct of our presiding
officer, for I hive had the honor of a personal ac-
quaintance with that gentleman for many ytars
past, and though it has been my misfortune, during
a great portion of that time, to take different views
on great political questions, I apprehend that I, in
common with the great portion of the body of the
people of the United States, can entertain but one
sentiment respecting the kindness and excellence of
his personal charactei, for his kindness, his genero
sity, his magnanimity, have placed him high m the
estimation of «very good man, wi'hout íespectto
political distinctions I but give vent to my unaf-
fected feelings of respect on this occasion, yet I
should not have arisen and obtruded myself in ad-
vance of others, but for the consideration that it
would proceed «ith a better grace from one who
has taken different views, but whose private opi-
nion of that distinguished man has never been im-
paired 1 therefore move the unanimous adaption
of the resolution
Mr CLAY of Kentucky said I rise, sir, with
peculiar satisfaction to second the motion of my
friend near me Perhaps that motion *bould have
proceeded from myself, as one of the repre^en.a-
tives of the State liom which that gpntleman come
I should moa undoubtedly nave made such a mo-
tion, if it had not been made by the Senator ír< m
North Carolina, but I am happy that my trend
has thought proper to offer th s resolution Sir,
without meaning to refer at all to those great ques-
tions of national policy on which it is my mi for-
tune to diffir from the Vice President, who has
just retired from the chair, I bear a willing testi-
mony to his worth He possesses that which I
consider as one of the best qualities of our nature—-
an excellence of heart, and a kmdness of disposi-
tion and ot feeling towards all our common race.
And in relation to the station he has filled, I can
bear, as 1 do, with equal pleasure, this further tes-
timony, that, on all occasions, he has evinced a per-
fect impartiality, and I have been able to judge, m
the discharge of hrs duties, a quality amongst the
firsl, if no' ihe very first, 10 be possessed
by the presiding officer of any deliberative body
Sir, he has been distinguished, both m the field and
the cabinet of his coun ry, and wherever he has
been known, he has been esteemed and beloved for
his patriotism, for hit, worth, and for his kindness
of heart, and I hope, in the retirement which he is
about tw enter, he may continue to enjoy that fe-
licity which should be ever feh and experienced by
tnose who, whatever may have been their errors of
judgment—and errors ot judgmmtall must have
made more 01 less—have the consciousness of hav-
ing discharged, according to their best judgment,
their duty to their country
The íesolution was then unanimously agreed to.
The Senate then went mto  the consideration of
Executive business,
And, at about 12 o'clock, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 2, 1841.
Mr. DOTY of Wiskonsan asked leave to intro-
duce tbt following resolution, which was objected
to
Iie<olveJ, That the hours irora twelve to halt
past two o'cl ck be &tt apart for the consideration
ef Territorial bunn ss
Mr TILLINGHAST, on leave, pre.ented reso-
lutions of the State of Rhode Island, on the subject
of the public land1-, which were laid on the tao'e,
and oide^ed to be punted
Mr GRAViS, also 011 leave, presented certain
papers, (the namre of whieh cjuld not be ascer-
tained by the Reponer,) which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER stated that there was a motion
pending for a a, call of the House.
On the question beirg taken, there were—ayes
47, noes 20
So a cahl of the House was ordered
The Clerk then called the roll, and one hundred
and forty members having answered to their
names, and a quorum being present,
All further proceedings in the call were dis-
pensed with
The question now recurred on the motion made
yesterday by Mr W. C Johnson, that the rules pre-
sciibmg the order of business be suspended, to enable
himtosubmitamotionthat the House proceed to the
consideraron of the bill from the Senate, entitled
"An act to revive and continue the corporate ex-
istence of the banks in the District of Columbia."
On that moticn the yeas and nays were ordered,
and resulted—yeas 74, nays 71.
There not being two-thirds, the rules were not
suspended.
Ihe House then, in pursuance of the resolution
adopted yesterday, resolved itself into a Committee
of the Whole, (Mr Bmoas in the chair,) and took
up the following
SENATE BILLS.
An act granting a pension to Lemuel White;
An act for the relief of William P. Rathbone;
An act granting a pension to Hannah Leighton;
An act for the relief of Jacob Seeley;
An oct for the relief of William Jones;
An act for the relief of Charles M Keller and
Henry Stone,
An act for the relief of Lieutenant John E. Bis-
pham,
An act for the. relief of Avery, Saltmarsh, and
Co,
An act for the relief of John Carter;
An act for the relief ot Joseph Bogy;
An act for the relief of J'an Baptiste Comeau;
An act for the relief of Franci  H. Harrison;
and
An act for ihe relief of the heirs of Miguel Es-
lava
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to strike out the
enacting clause of the last named bill
After some remarks by Messrs C. JOHNSON,
MOORE RARIDEN,BRECKENRIDX3E,LüAD.
BbTTER, 0ILLET, SMITH of Maine, POPE,
WISE, DOWNING, and CRABB, the question
was taken on striking out the enacting clause, and
decided in the affirmative
The committee then ro^e and reported the bills,
wi h various amendments, to the House.
The act for the relief of the heirs of Miguel
Eilava, and the act for the relief of Francis A.
Harrison, were laid aside till to morrow, and the
others were severally read a third time and passed.
After the bill for the relief of Avery, Saltmarsh
and Co had passed,
Mr EVERETT moved that the vote on its
pa sage be reconsidered.
No action was tpken on the motion. It will
come up to morrow
On motion of Mr VANDERPOEL, the House
then resolved itself mto a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wise in the chair,)
and took up the bill providing for ihe support of
the Military Academy for the year 1841.
After the bill had been read through,
Mr ANDREWS moved to strike out the enact-
mg clause, which motion was rejected.
The bill was then read by clauses, and there
being no amendment offered, it was laid aside to be
reported.
Mr EVANS moved that the committee take up
the bill making appropriation for surveys, and other
purposes, which motion was agreed to.
The bill was then taken up, and numerous
amendments offered, pending the consideration of
which, the hour having arrived, the House took
lis usual recess.
[Evening Session ]
After the recesv—
The Hou e resumed its session in Committee of
the Whole, and after some time spent therein, the
committee rose and reported
The bill making appropriation for the support of
the Military Academy at West Point for 1841,
without amendment,
