CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.

TUESDAY, MARCH 16, 1841.



BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Continued from No   14.
Also the bill making appropriation for surveys
and other purposes, without coming to any resolu
tion thereon
The above bill malting appropriation for the sup
port of the Military Academy at West Point was
then, after some debate, which will be noticed
hereafter, read a third time, passed, and^ent to the
Senate
The House then went into Committee of the
Whole, and considered the amendments of the Se-
nate to the bill making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of Government for 1841
FEES OP NEW YORK COLLECTOR
The question being on agreeing to an: amend-
ment of the Senate to the general appropriation bill,
restricting the allowances of the* Colle/tor of the
Customs at New York,                        /
Mr. WISE said that Ihe Investiga^fingComrmt-
tee appointed some years since, discovered that the
Collector of the port of New YdSrlf received im-
mense sums from storage, in additjon to his regu-
lar salary, and, in consequence ofa report made
by that committee, the salary of the collector was
restricted in 1839 to #4,000 That officer had then
admitted that he made a profit of 7 per cent, on the
protest money retained in his hands. He had been
ordered by the Department to pay over these mo-
neys to the Government, but he had positively re-
fused to do so, replying to the Secretary of the
Treasury that "he intended, when he should go out
ot office, to have his accounts settled according to
Shrewsbury clock." Tb>s same collector had now
resigned, but he was not a defaulter, oh no1 there
was now a more refined phrase in use—he "re-
tamed the fees," (which amounted to the moderate
hltle sum of $140,000 ) Yet every other charge he
had made in the settlement of his account, had
been allowed by the Department. What should
have been done with such a man, when he
refused to pay ever moneys belonging either
to the merchants of New York, or to ihe Govern-
ment of the United States' He ought to have
been "expunged " The Government ought to have
clipped his official head off his shoulders, and said,
"so much for Hoyt " Instead rf this, the Govern-
ment might cry, "^o much for our $140,000 "
Mr. VANDERPOEL observed, he was compel-
led to say a few words in reply, and what he said,
should be on his responsibility as a member
A great many vague and erroneous rumors were in
circulation about this affair of Mr. Hoyt, and he
would now state it as he had understood it to be
from the best authority. Hs would state, in the
first place, that the balance retained m Mr. Hoyt's
hands was only $40,000, and the greater part of
this was for official fees received by him It had
formerly been thought that the bill fixing the salary
of the collector, cut off all fees for entries, per-
mits, etc ; and under this impression, the predeces-
sors of Mr, Hoyt had paid over these fees to ihe
department. Bat Mr. Hoyt, on further examina-
tion, had come to the conclusion that the law did
not forbid him to receive these fees; and, in this
opinion, he claimed to be suppoited by a decision of
Judge Story, establishing a legal distinction between
"emoluments" and "fees " and as the law cut off
only "emoluments," he insisted that ' fees" did not
come under its provisions. The Treasury resisted
this interpretation of the collector, and sued Mr.
Hoyt for the amount of fees in his hands The
matter had been submitted to the President, who,
after a personal examination of the question, had
decided against the collector, and ordered him to
be sued, he and his sureties had been prosecuted
accordingly, and Mr. Hoyt had been ordered to
depobite the balance in court, to abide the issue of
the suit. On this the collector, seeing what was
coming, resigned, and had net paid over the money
as ordered. Mr V. said he was personally ac-
quainted with Mr Hoyt's bail, and believel them
to be worth more than five tune? as much as the
amount claimed by the Government to be due
from him. He believed and hoped, too, that Mr.
Hoyt himself was able to pay it
Mr. Hoyt had offered to discharge the du-
ties of the office till a successor should be
appointed, but the President had refused the offer,
and nominated a successor, and the Senate had
confirmed the nomination. Mr. Hoyt was the po-
litical and personal friend of the President; but the
latter would not, it seems, treated him more leni-
ently than he hadttreated others who retained mo-
ney under circumstances somewhat similar.
He would add one word on ihe subject of fees.
The collector had been in the habit of receiving,
as was said by many, and believed, from §10,000
to $15,000, in the shape of storage, and nearly
$15,000 more in the form of fees. The fees had
been excluded by the amendment adopted in the
Senate, but the storage had been always conceded,
as a perquisite of the collector's office at New
York, but the Senate's amendment proposed
to cut that off also. There were no public stores
in New York. The collector, therefore, hired
buildings on his own account, and on all goods
stored there he charged importers for storage.
The section in the act of 1839, to which the gentle-
man fiom Virginia [Mr. Wi e] referred, as cutting
off storage,had no more todo with that subject than
a text from the Heidelberg Catechism. But the
effect of the Senaters amendment, which would
soon be read, was to cut off all fees, and leave the
collector to bis ia'ary of $4,000, and his storage to
the extent of $2,000 more, now put together in one
sum of $G,0U0 In addition to thi«, the collector got
one-sixth of all seizures, fines, and forfeitures,
which seemed a necessary incentive to vigilance in
preventing frauds and abu«es
Mr. MORGAN observed that his colleague had
defended the New York collector.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he had not, he had
merely stated the facts and not by way of defence.
Mr. MORGAN gave it as his opinion that, in-
stad of being a defaulter only to the amount of
$40,000, it would turn out, when the facts were
fully investigated,as they soon would be, that this
man was a larger defaulter than Price The
claims of Mr Hoyt were understood to be over
$200,000, under the pretext of a guarantee for his
responsibilities for seizures. Mr. M suspected he
would be found treading in the footsteps of his pre-
decessor.
The committee having concurred m the amend-
ments of the Senate, the bill, as amended, was re-
ported to the House.
The amendments were then concurred in by the
House, and the Clerk directed to apprise the Se-
nate of that fact
After the disposal of motions relative to private
business, an account of which will be given here
after,
At ten minutes before 10 o'clock,
On motion of Mr. BEATTY,
The House adjourned
IN SENATE,
Wednesdat, March 3, 1841.
The Senate was called to order by the Secretary,
and proceeded to ballot for a President pro ten-
pore, and  ihe votes beirg counted, the following
was declared to be the result
Whole number of votes     ....       30
.Mr. Kino received     .       .       .        16
Mr. Southard    ....          9
Scattering           ....          5
Mr. KING, having received a majority of the
whole numb r of votes, was declared to be duly
elected, and having been conducted to the chair by
Mr. Benton and Mr Calhodt, in a short
and pertmeDt address, expressed his grateful s^nse
of the manifestation of the kindness and confidence
of his brother Senators. It had been his fortune to
preside over that body, as President pro tempore, for
several yeais- how he had discharged the dutie* of
that station was known to every Senator present.
He had ever attempted to discharge those duties
with faithfulness and with the utmost impartiality.
During the short period that remained of the pre-
sent session, he hoped to continue to give evi-
dence to the body of the same desire to dis-
charge faithfully the duties of the station to which
they had called him.
He must be permitted to say that he had wit-
nessed on several occasions at the close of the ses-
sions of Congress, a degree of exci'ement which
did not, in his op nion, comport with the grave
duties of the Senate, and which was calcu'ated to
impair the weight of their deliberations, and was
not calculated to facilitate the despatch of their busi-
ness. He trusted that'spirit would be banished
for the residue of the session, and that they should
be actuated by that spirit of kindness and courtesy,
and of self as well as personal respect, which ought
to characters the deliberations of that body, con-
sisting of the representatives of great, of sove-
reign, and of independent States. But if, unfor-
tunately, there should be any departure from strict
order, he should feel it his duty to check it instantly;
it was an obligation which he felt rested upon him
to do so, but at the same time, she should* do it
in no spirit of unkindness. He trusted, however, he
should have no occasion to exercise the power
with which they had tnves ed him, and that they
should part as they had met, with sentiments of
good feeling and kind fellowship.
On motion by Mr. SMITH of Connecticut, the
Committee' on Revolutionary Claims was dis-
charged from the further consideration of all the
subjects heretofore referred to them, and unact-
ed on.
Similar motions were made by Mr. PIERCE,
from the Committee on Military Affairs, and Mr.
NORVELL.ftom the Committee on Commerce.
Mr BENTON, from the Committee on Milita-
ry Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
Major General Jesiip, reported that, in the opinion
of the committee, the prayer of the memorialist
was reasonable, that it ought to be granted, and it
would be accomplished by the printing of the memo-
rial, which he accordingly moved, and the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. STURGEON, from the Committee on Pa-
tents, to which was referred the memorial of Ha-
zard Knowles, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that the memorialist have
leave to withdraw his papers; which wa  agreed to.
The following resolution submitted some days
since by Mr. Henderson, was considered and
agreed to
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to famish the Senate, as soon as convenient, either
at this or the next session of Congress, w.ththe best
information he may obtain of the pract cabihty of
establishing a foundry and manufactory of arms
on the banks of the Mississippi river, between St.
Louis, m Missouri, and Memphis, in Tennessee,
giving his opinion as to the site most practicable,
with his reason thefefor, predicated on the ad-
vantage and stability of the river bank, its con-
venient supply of ore, fuel, healthfulness of the
locality, and other considerations promotive of the
objects of such an establishment.
Ihe following resolution submitted yesterday by
Mr. Benton, was considered and agreed to
Resolved, That the President of the United State?
be requested to cau«e 10 be laid before the Senate,
at ihe commencement of the next session of Con-
gress, a comparative statement of th« condition of
the public defences by land and water, and of all
thepreparat onsand means of defence, on the first
day of January, 1829, and on the first day of
January, 1841, together with a comparative state-
ment of the actual and authorized strength of the
army of the United States on the same days.
The resoluüon submitted by Mr. Knight, from
