226
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Committee on the Contingent Expenditures of
the Senate, allowing additional compensation to
the assistant doorkeeper, and to the messengers,
pages, and laborers of the Senate, and of the office
of the Secretary of the Senate, was taken up for
consideration. '
The resolution was opposed by Mr. HENDER-
SON, and advocated by Messrs PULTON, NOR-
VELL, PORTER, and CLAY of Alabama, and
was agreed to—ayes 29, noes G
The bill to provide for the support of the Military
Academy for the year 1841, was taken up.
Mr. WALKER proposed an amendment appro-
priating §20,000 for the continuation of the military
and geographical surveys west of the Mississippi,
which was agreed to, and the bill was ordered to a
third reading
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee en Pa-
tents, to which was referred the bill for promoting
the progress of useful arts by securing the right of
invention and copy-right to proprietors of ne<v de-
signs for manufactures for a limited time, reported
the same without amendment, and it was laid on
the table and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, the House bill
concerning navy pensions and half pay was taken
up, and the amendments of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs bavins been concurred in,
Mr. WALKER moved to amend the bill so as
to provide for the widows of those who have died
or may die in the service, which was rejected, and
the bill was erdered to a third read ng.
The bill to provide for the support of the Military
Academy for the )ear 1841, wat. read a third time,
and passed.
On motion by Mr. PIERCE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the Houce bill to ex-
tend, tor five years, the act approved July 7, 1838,
granting half pay and pensions to certain widows.
Mr. P. proposed an amendment to the bill, which
would embrace wnhin its provisions those em-
braced in the law of 1836; which Mr. P. advo-
cated at some length. He was followed in the de-
bate, in which the policy of the pension system was
discussed, and m which Messrs. WALKER,
HUNTINGTON, SMITH of Connecticut, BEN-
TON, PRESTON, CALHOUN, BATES, MER-
RICK, WRIGHT, and BUCHANAN, partici-
pated, and the bill was ordered to be laid on the
table.
The bill concerning navy pensions and half pay
coming up on its passage,
Mr. WALKER moved a reconsideration of the
vote bo which it was ordered to a third reading, for
the purpose of proposing an amendment in relation
to the widows of those who have died or may die
m the service.
The motion to reconsider was. lost—ayes 17, noes
23; and the b'll was read a third time, and passed
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial of c ti-
zens of Pcnmylvama, stating several provisions,
which, in their opinion, should be incorporated in
any bankrupt bill that might pass the Senate: the
memorial was then laid on the table
The Senate then took a recess until 5 o'clock.
[Evening Session ]
Mr. TALLMADGE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New York m relation to the disposi-
tion of the public lands; which were laid on the ta-
ble, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT said, as there was no business
beiore the Senate, he would submit ihe following
resolution which was considered and agreed lo.
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House
of Representatives that the Seaate, having finished
the legislative business before them, are ready to
adjourn.
On motion by Mr TAPPAN,
Ordered, That a joint committee be appointed to
waint on the President oí the United States, and
notify him that, unless he have other communica-
tions to make to the two Houses of Congress, they
are ready to adjourn.
Mr. TAPPAN and Mr WRIGHT were ap-
pointed said committee on the part of the Senate
The bill making compensauon to the State of
Maine for the services, of her militia, came back
írom the House with an amendment, appropnaung
f 208,000 to the State of Georgia, for expenses in-
curred on account of militia called out to protect
her inhabitants against Indian aggression.
The bill was taken up, and the question being
on concurrir-g in the amendment of the House,
Mr. CLAY of Alabama moved to amend the
amendment, authorizing tne auditing and settle-
ment of the claim of Alabama for expenditures m-
carred m calling out her militia for similar pur-
poses.
Mr. C urged with much earnestness the justice
of this claim, and the propriety of providing for its
auditing and settlement. He was followed by
Messrs. SOUTHARD, MANGUM, PRPSTON,
LINN, BAYARD, SEVIER, MERRICK,
WRIGHT, and PIERCE, when
Mr. MANGUM moved i0 lay the whole subject
on the table/
Mr. WILLIAMS demanded the yeas and nays,
and the motion was withdrawn.
The question was then taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr Clay of Alabama, and decided
m the negative—ajes 14, noes 14, as follow  •
YEAS—Messis. Anderson, Benton, Clay of
Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Mangum, Mer-
rick, Nicholson, Norvell, Pierce, Sturgeon, Tall-
madge, Walker—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Choate, Henderson,
Huntington, Porter, Preston, Rives, Ruggles, Smith
of Indiana, Southard, Tappan, Wall, White, Wil-
liams, Wright—14.
Mr. PIERCE then proposed an amendment ap-
propriating $6,000 in payment of the claim of New
Hampshire tor services of her mihup, which was
negatived—ayes 14, noes 1G
The question then coming up on agreeing to the
amendment of the House in relation to the claim
of Georgia, Mr CUTHBERT addressed the Se-
nate in support of the motion, and submitted a let-
ter from the Secretary of War in favor of the
claim, and the amendment was concurred in—-yeas
27, noes 3.   The bill was then passed
Mr TAPPAN having obtained the floor, said
that the jo nt committee appointed to wait on the
President of the United State , and inform him
that ihe two Houses of Congress were ready to
close the presi nt session by adjournment, reported
that they had performed the duty assigned them,
that the President informed them he had no further
communication to make, and expressed his warm
wishes for the welfare and happiness of the mem-
bers, and their safe return to their families
Mr. TAPPAN then moved that the Senate ad-
journ.
Previous to putting the question, the President
pro tern, in a few brief and pertinent remarks, took
leave of the Sena'e, and the motion being carried
in the affirmative,
The Senate adjourned sine die.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
WE.DYE-SD4Y, March 3, 1841
Mr MITCHELL asked leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution.
Resolved, Tha* the Clerk be authorized to pro-
cure from the respective publisher-, and furniih
such members of the House of Rrpresentatives a^
have not received them under former orders, the
following books, and pay for the same out of the
contingent fund of the House, being such, in part,
as have been supplied to members of the last and
preceding Congresses, viz the Congtessional do-
cuments compiled by order of Congress, eniit'ed
State Papers, tie Rfgister of Debatps, Elliot's De-
ba es Contesled Elections, and the Land Laws and
opinions comp led by order of the Senate, but no-
thing herein contained shall be construed to autho-
rize the reprinting of either of the above works.
Objection being made,
Mr. MITCHELL moved a suspension of the
rules prescribing the order of business
The question was taken by yeas and nays—
yea . 72, najs 58—not two third .
So the rules were not suspended
The House then look up the Sena'e bill entitled
"Anactfcr the relief of Fiancis A Harrison,"
which was laid aside on yesterday
Mr HOPKINS having explained briefly the
principles involved in the bill,
Mr. L. WILLIAMS moved that it be laid upon
the table.
Mr. BOYD said he hoped that the gentleman
would not pre^s his motion until an explanation
could be made on the other side It is true, Mr.
Speaker, (remarked Mr. B ) a? is stated by the
gen leman from Virginia, [Mr. Hopkins,] that the
Committee en the Post Office ana Post Roads have
reported against the passage of the bill on your
table, bnt it is also true (and I state it as an offset
to the committee's report,) that the bill has passed
the Senate twice, and that, too, as I understand,
without one dissenting voice.
Mr. Harrison, the Postmaster at Paducah, Ken-
tucky, (said Mr B ) swears that a certain amount
of money in his possession, belonging to the Post
Office Department, was consumed by fire, under
circumstances which rendeied it utterly impossible
for him or any body el«e to save it. A number of
respectable citizens of the town state, in a memo-
rial accompanying the bill, (hat the post office was
kept in an eligible place, and in a suitable house
near the centre of a iront row of buildings in said
town, the whole of which row of buildings was,
together with all the principal part of the town,
and nearly every species of property contained
therein, wholly consumed The fire was at the
dead hour of the night, and the destruction of pro-
perty was immense.
The honesty and private worth of Mr Harrison
is also fully proved, but on this point, I myself
cm bear testimony. I have known that man ever
since I was three feet higb, and, sir, from that time
up, I have never heard him charged wuh a dis-
honorable act. But, sir, nobody seems to doubt
the truth of Mr Harrison's statement. The com-
mit'ee do not assume that there is any reason to
doubt on that point But they reported against the
bill because they were of opinion that there existed
no precedent in our previous legislation, involving
the principle assumed in the bill Now, sir, on this
point I beg kave to call ihe attentiono'' gentlemen
to a case direetly in point I allude to the case of
J D Hay, m 1814 He was postmaster at Vin-
cennes, Indiana, and lost about the same amount of
post office money by fire which Mr. Harrison
did. Mr H. took an oath as to the circum-
stances and amount of the loss. His neigh-
bors bore testimony, in like manner, to
his good character, and Congress relieved him
from the payment of the money. Nsw, sir,
if it wa? right to relieve Mr Hay then, I appeal to
gentlemen to say if it is not also right to relieve
Mr Harrison now There are other cases, said
Mr B.and a great number of them, which might,
be cited, having a strong bearing as precedents to
ju tify the passage of this b 11 But, sir, 1 will not
detain the House to give them in detail I know
that, to ensure the destruction of a measure at this
late period of the session, it is only necessary to
make a long speech about it. That the ends of
justice will be met by the adoption of this measure,
there can be no doubt, and I do hope gentlemen
will withdraw their opposition, and that the bill
will be passed.
After so-ne remarks by Mr ADAMS in favor of,
and by Mr. CONNOR in opposition to, the bill,
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
L. WILLIAMS, and decided in the affirmative—
ayes 85, noes 62
So the bill was laid upon the table
The question now recurred ©n agreeins wrh the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole, to
stnkp out the enacting elans'  of the bill entitled
"An act for ther lief of Miguel Eslava '
After some remarks by Mr. RARIDEN, the
House refused to concur in the amentdment and
the bill was then read a third time and p?ssed.
On motion of Mr. SERGEANT, the House took
up Senate bill entitled "An act respecting the heirs
of Agnes Dundas," also,
On motion of Mr CUHTIS, Senate bill to abo-
lish the office of Surveyor of the Customs of Curri-
tuck InH, North Carolina, which bills were seve-
ral'y read a third time, and passed
Mr CRABB moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of taking up the bill to reorganize
the judicial courts of the United States; but the
motion did not prevail.
