CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
end a resolution to the Chair, and he hoped it
would receive the cordial and unanimous spproba-
tioH of every gentleman present
Resolved, That the thanks of this House be pre-
sented to the Hon Robert M. T. Hunter for the
able, impartial, snd dignified manner in which he
has discharged the duties of the Chair during the
26 h Congress
This resolution was read, and, on the question
being put thereon, (by Mr. Dromooolp, who tem-
porarily occup ed the chair,) it was agreed to, una-
nimously.
The rules being suspended for the purpose, the
usual resolutions of compensation for messengers,
pages, and watchmen, were moved.
And the previous question being moved,
Mr. BARNARD sent the following to the table,
where it was read, as it m'ght influence the vote on
the previous question:
"Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be di-
rected to furnish to such members of the piesent
House of Representatives as have not already re-
ceived them, such books as were furnished to the
members of the last House- provided that this re-
solution shall not be construed to autoonze the re-
printing of any of said books "
The resolution having been read,
Mr. KEIM moved to amend, by including fhf
workmen on the publ c grounds in the list of at-
tendants for wham extra compensation was asked;
but the amendment was ruled out of order
The previous question was seconded, the mam
question was put, and the resolutions for compensa-
tion to atiéndante were adopted
Mr. CHAPMAN moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on a bill to es-
tablish an additional land office in Alabama for the
sale of Cherokee lands.   The motion was refused.
Mr REED called for the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the bill concerning
navy pensions and~half-pay.
Mr. CUSHING objected to the consideration of
the said amendments, on the ground that the amend-
ments and bills recentlv reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had not
been definitely ac ed on, and until they were acted
on and disposed of, nothing could be taken up by
the House, unless on a suspension of the rules
The SPEAKER dec ded in favor or Mr. Reed's
motion.
Mr. CUSH1NG appealed, and the Speaker's de-
cision was affirmed.
And the question was put on Mr. Reed's motion,
and it was lost.
[Note —These amendments were not afterwards
considered or acted upon. The bills did not, there-
fore, finally pass—the amendments having remain-
ed unacted upon.]
PRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. WISE moved a suspension of the rule to of-
fer a joint resolution to declare that the franking
privilge of members of Congress who may not be
re elected shall not be cut off by an extra session
of Congress, but shall extend to the first Monday
of December aftpr they shall cease to be members.
On the question to suspend there were, ayes 89,
noes 54.
There not being two-th rds, the quemón was
lost.
BANKS OF T.IC DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
Mr. GRAHAM said that he was desirous of do-
ing an act of justice to the Dis'rct of Columbia
by taking up the bill to continue the corporate ex-
istence of the banks of the District oí Columbia,
with this view he moved to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were demanded, and, being
taken, resulted as follows  yeas 100, najs 59
There not being two-thirds, the rules were not
suspended, nor was the bank bi'l acted upon at all.
The SPEAKER 'aid before the Houts sundry
communications, viz.
CLAIMS ON HAYTI.
Washington, March 2, 1841.
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit the accompanying report from the
Secretary of State m relation to the resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 19th ult. on
the  subject of claims of citizens of the United
States on the Government of Hayti. The informa-
tion called for thereDy is in the course of prepara-
tion, and will be, without doubt, communicated at
the commencement of (the next session of Congress.
M. VAN BUREN.
The report of the Secretary of State sets forth
that it is impracticable to furnish the information
called for at the present session of Congress, the
papers being numerous and scattered through a va-
riety of documents.
OPINIONS OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.
Washutotov, March 2, 1841.
To the Hous> of Representatives-
I tiansmit to the House of Representatives a re-
poit from the Attorney Genera!, with the accompa-
nying documents, in compliance with the request
contained in the resolution of the 23d of March last.
M. VAN BUREN.
Ornea or the Attorney General,
March 1,1841.
To the President of the United States-
Sia In compliance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives referred to this office,
and adopted on the 23d of Mareb, 1840, in the fol-
lowing words-
"Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to cause to be prepared and
comtmnica ed to this House at the commence-
ment ot ihe next session, all the opinions, of the At-
torney General and otner officers connected with
the Executive which give constructions the public
laws not of a temporary character,"
I have the honor to transmit copies of all such
opinions of the Attorney Generals of the United
States as I have been able to obtain. Previous to
the year 1817 no records of sach opinions were pre-
pared It has, therefore, been neces-sary to procure
them, as far as practicable, from the different De-
partments and offices to whica they were sent, but
many which were no doubt given before that period
are not now to be found
I have the honor, &e.
H. D. GILPIN.
List of JUtemey Generals of the   United States.
Edmund Randolph of Virginia, appointed Sep.
tembei 2G, 1789.
William Bradfoid of Pennsylvania, appointed
January 27, 1794
Charles Lee of Virginia, appointed December
10, 1795
Levi Lincoln of Massachusetts, appointedMarch
5,1801
Robert Smith of Maryland, appomted March 3,
1805
John Breckenndge, Kentucky, appointed Au-
gust 7,1805
Cajiar A Rodney of Delaware, appointed Janu-
ary 20, 1807.
William Pmkney of Maryland, appointed De-
cember 11, 1811.
Richard Rush of Pennsylvania, appointed Fe-
buary 10, 1814
Willnm Wirt of Virginia, appom'ed December
16, 1817.
John M. Berrien of Georgia, appointed March 9,
1829.
Roger B, Taney of Maryland, appointed July 20,
1831
Benjamin F. Butler of New York, appointed
November 15, 1833
Felix Grundy of Tennessee, appointed Septem-
ber 1,1838
Henry D Gilpin of Pennsylvania, appointed
January 11, 1840
BRITISH SEIZURES AND SEARCHES AND
SLAVE TR4.DE
Washingion, March 3, 1841.
To the House of Representatives
1 transmit to tne House of Representatives, m
compliance wiih their resolution of the 30th Janu-
ary las', a report from the Setretary of State, with
accompanying documents
M. VAN BUREN.
The report of the Secretary of S^a e merely com-
municates copies of papers called for by the House,
in relation to recent seizures or searches of any of
our veosels upon the coast of Africa or elsewhere
by the British cruisers or authorities, and the cause
of the same, and the authority under which made;
and ot correspondence between the Governments of
the United States and Great Britain relating to the
African slave trade since the 3d March, 1837; as
well as of commumeauons from N. P. Tnst, Gon-
ial of the United States at Havana, relating to the
African slave trade. The documents ate exceed-
ingly numerous, and will make, when printed, a
large volume.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a large number of additional reports
and papers, called for by the House on the 30th
January last, in relation to the execution of the In-
dependent Treasury law.
STATE BANKS.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting the returns of the State Banks for the
last year, collected by the Treasury Department
and furnished the House under a resolution of the
10 h July, 1832 Two thousand extra copies of
tbi> document were ordered to be printed, on mo-
tion of Mr JONES of Virginia.
From the Treasury Department, accompanied
with an abstract of the official emoluments and ex-
penditures of the officers ot the customs for the
year 1840.
CANAL LANDS IN OHIO.
From the Treasury Department, accompanied by
a report of the Commissioner ef the General Land
Office, containing information called for by the
House on the 17'h December, 1840, is relation to
the sale, since 1st January, 1836, of surplus or ad-
ditional sections or parts of sections, lying along
and adjoining the alternate sections on the Miami
canal, in Ohio, and withheld from sale at the same
time with the said altematesection*, as being within
them, showing to whom sold and at what land of-
fice, at what tune and for what price, and whether
patents have issued, and, if not, whether it is in-
tended to issue them, with copies of instructions
reluting to the withholding lands from sale on the
route of the canal and on the Auglaize river, to-
gether with the correspondence with the officers of
the land offices and other persons on the subject of
these lands.
EMIGRANTS.
From the Department of State, with a statement
of the number and description of passengers who
arrived m the United States, from foreign coun-
tries, in the year 1840, so far as returns have been
received at the Department The returns are in-
complete; they, however, show that 115 206 per-
sons came to the United States, by s«a, dnrtng the
year. We had to take some trouble to ascertain
this result, as the statement sent to the House is
not added up
From the Treasury Department, accompanied
by a statement of contracts made by the Depart-
ment during the year 1840, a statement of pay-
ments made at the Treasury during the jear 1840,
an account of miscellaneous claims, for which ap-
propriations were not specially made. These pay-
ments were all for services rendered on account of
land claims in Florida, and were paid to—
Samuel L Burritt, a lawyer, for counsel
and fees           ....   $625
Taomas Douglas        do                  do   .     375
John M. Fontame, translations  .            .     415
Rosalie B. Reíd, clerk to Judge of Eas'ern
District, from 1st October to 31st De-
cember, 1839   .            .           .           .180
Alexis M. Andrew, elerk to same Judge,
quarter ending 30th September, 1840          33
Also, accompanied with the statement of the
marine hospital fund for the year 1839—from which
it appears that there were collected, in that year,
$66 311 83, and expended $122,536 31.
CANAL LANDS IN OHIO.
From the Tieasury Department, with a report of
the Commissioner ot the General Land Office, un-
der a call of the House of 23d December last,
showing what part or surplus or additional sections
or parts of sections ly ng along and adjoining and
withm the line of alternate section  en tae Miami
canal, in the State of Ohio, and withheld from sale
at the same time, has been sold since trie 1st Janu-
ary, 1830, to 1st January, 1836, to whom sold, at
what office, and at what price, with copies of all
 
