CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
fected, in my station, still, it is to be remembered
that no other has ever been called to this place so
unexpectedly, and under so many circumstances
of difficulty and embarrassment In a nicely ba-
lanced state of parties, and amid scenes of great
political excitement, I was selected to execu'e your
highest and most delicate tru4, without previous
preparation or experience, and with no party to
sustain me, other than those friends whom I might
make, by endeavoring to discbarge my duties justly
and impartially I foresaw many of the difficulties
to which I should be exposed, and if I had con-
sulted my own ease, I perhaps should not have
accepted the office, with my view of its duties,
and under the circumstat ces to which I have
alluded. But higher considerations, I trust,
determined me to undertake the arduous task,
and to make you the b°st return m my power
for the confidence with which you had honored
me. In the excited and feveri-h state of mind
which then existed, not only here, but m the coun-
try at large, I believed that a Speaker, who would
manifest a desire to deal justly upon all occasion ,
could be mate useful than one of far greater abili-
ties, who would hold this Chair with no higher aim
than that of leading his party to victory, and of
dealing by the vanquished with only such genero-
sity as the conqueror may bestow upon the con-
quered. This visw of the services which a Speaker,
in the opinion of too many, may legitimately ren
der to his friends, would soon pervert party orga-
nizations from the noble pursuits of truth and jus
tice, into a mere contest tor power and office, and,
under milder forms, infuse the spirit of civil war
into the divisions of this House and the nation
He who administers this office for himself or hü
party, may do much for both, but he who seeks
the common good, must adminis'er it for the coun-
try, and deal justly by all In pursuing this lat er
course, m times of high party excitement, he will
doubtless expose his motives to mi construction,
and himself to censure, but there is at least a satis-
faction in the consciousness of rectitude, higher
than public praise, and beyond the reach even of
public censure I knew, when 1 took the office,
that I should not be ab'e to execute its duties en-
tirely according to my conception of their nature
but I believed that the mere effort to do so might
serve as a useful example hereafter.
To administer the rule? fairly, is, comparatively,
an easy ta«k, but there is great difficulty m or-
ganizing the committees' of the House so as to do
justice to all parties. As much in deliberation de-
pends upon the statement of the proposition to be
discussed, so the efficiency of this body depends
greatly upon the constitution of the committees
which present mrst of the subjects upon which it
fcts It is, therefore, important to the parties and
the country, that the power of proposing, through
these committees, should be fairly and rightly be-
stowed. To ascertain what is fair ra the dispensa-
tion of this power, is the most difficult duty, as it
should be the most anxious care of a Speaker. To
say that I had developed the general principles of a
just organization, would be to claim far more than
1 deserve. But, that such principles may be esta-
blished by a reference to the position of parties,
and the nature of the questions to be considered, I
do not doubt The party upon which it naturally
devolves to propose a question, ought to have the
power, it would seem to present it-, proposition in
the shape for which it is willing to be lespsnsible
And, as the different patties hold the affirmative,
according to the nature of the question, < o ought
the constitution of the committees to oe varied
In tne commit ees connected with the Executive
Departments, it wouli seem just that the friends of
the existing Administration shou d have the majori-
ty, to propose the measures which emanate origi-
nal!) from their party, and for which they are
mainly accou table. In committees of investiga-
tion, it is equally clear that the opposition, who
hold the affirmative, should have the majority and
the power And so, upon other questions, a refe-
rence to the r nature, and to the views of the va-
rious seetiors of our Confederacy, will generally
enable a Speaker to approximate to just mies, in
constituting the committees which take charge of
hese measures.   But, in all cases, I have endea-
vored to guard the minority upon the committees,
in the point of numbers and ability
That I have sometimes failed in my most ear-
nest attempts t> do justice, I freely confess but it
is something if I can hope that I have, at least,
made it easier for those who succeed me, to act
upon seme bet'er principle than that of giving the
wnole power of the House to one of the parties,
without regard to the rights and feehng of others
Clothe this station with the authority of justice,
and how much may it not do to elevate the views
of parlie- from themselves to their country1 But
arm it wi'h ihe mere power of numbers, and ad-
m mster it with an exclusive eye to the interests of
a part, and it may become the engine of as much
fraud and oppres-ion as can be practised m a coun
try so free as ours
I ought, perhaps, to apologize to you for the brief
allusion I have made to the principles which have
governed me, but it is the last t rne I shall ever
claim your indulgence, and I owed it to my-elf and
to you to make the explanation If I have done
wrong, I alone am responsible for it, and if I have
earnenly sought to act justly and impartially, I seek
no higher reward than the kind expression of your
satisfaction, which you have just been p'ea°ed to
offer me.
I am soan to pass away from the station with
wh ch you have honored me, and I part from it
without regret. Its trappings all may see, but its
anxieties and trials must be endured to be under-
stood.
It is not, however, so easy a thing to sever, even
for a season, the kindly ties of friendship, and it is
painful to reflect rpon the thousand accidents of
life which may present many, very many, of us
from ever meeting again
But a'though the traces of individual action are
soon lo«.t in the rap d current of events, it is still
cneering to think that we have contnbu ed to those
great but silent results of a well ordered Govern-
ment which daily shed their blessings throughout
the land. Still prouder is the hope that, with or
without us, our country is on the march to fulfil its
mighty destiny, and accomplish the high mission of
refi rm upon which we fondly believe it is sent.
Permit me, ere I .conclude, to renew my grateful
acknowledgments to you for the honor you have
bestowed upon me, and the kind consideration which
you have shown me, upon so many occasions.
May each and all of you return in safety to your
homes, to enjoy in domestic life a grateful repose
from your labors, and to receive, in the gratula-
tions of confiding constituents, the highest reward
with which a representative can be honored
Aad now, when we are about to close the bu y
«cene of our labors, and all sense of difference or
divi'ion is for the moment lost in the emotions of
the parting hour, may I not hope that we shall se-
parate to remember only what was pleasant and
friendly in our past intercourse, and to forget all
that was painful or disagreeable?
May every blessing attend you, gentlemen, in
your progress through life, and may you continue
to awaken m the breasts of others the same kindly
emotions of friendship and respect with which I
now take leave of jou, as I perform my last effi
cial duty, and pronounce this House to be ad-
journed wi hout day
The Hou^e adjourned j«>e die
IN SENATE,
Thursday, March 4, 1841
At 11 o clock the Senate was called to order by
Mr Dicker, its. Secretary
Mr BAYARD said that it would be recollected
that on Tuesday Ian, the Hon. W« R Kino was
e'ee'ed President pro tern but the fact that Mr
King's term of service expired with the close of
the last session, was overlooked, and, m order to
obviate the difficulty, he would submit the follow'
mg resolution, for the consideration of the Senate
Resolved, That the oath of office be administered
to the Hon Wji R King, a Sena'or elect from
the S ate of Alibama, by the Hon Henry Clay,
and that he be, and is hertby, chosen President
pro tem of the Senate
The resolution was unanimously agreed to; and
Mr. KING, having been qualified, took his seat as
President pro tern, of the Senate.
Mr. MODTON presented the credentials of the
Hon Alexander Barrow, elected by the Legisla-
ture of Louisiana a Senator from that State for
six years from the 4 h of March, mstant.
Mr SEVIER presented the credentials of the
Hon John C Calhoun, elected by the Legislature
of South Carolina a Senator from that State for six
years from the 4th of March, instant.
Mr. PIERCE presented the credentials of the
Hon. Livi Wo dbury, elected by the Legislature
of New Hampsmre a Senaior from that State for
mx years from the 4 h of March, instant
Mr MANGDM presented the credentials of the
Hon John Macfherson Berrien, elected by the
Legislature of Georgia a Senator from that State
for six years from the 4th of March, instant.
The credentials were severally read, and ordered
to be placed on file.
The Diplomatic corps, and the Judges of the Su-
preme Cuurt of the United State , entered the Se-
nate chamber, and took the «eats assigned for them
m front of the Secretary's table
The Hon John Tyler, Vice President elect,
and the Hon Richard M Johnson, ex-Vice Presi-
dent, then entered the chamber with the Commit- "
tee of Arrangements.
The oath of office having been administered by
Mr King, the President prg tern
The VICE PRESIDENT addressed the Senate
as follows.
Senators Called by the people of the United
Stales to preside over your deliberation0,1 cannot
withhold the expression of the high estimate -which
I place on the honor which they have conferred
upon me To occupy the seat which has been
filled and adorned (to say nothing of my more im-
mediate predecessors) by an Adams, a Jefferson, a
Gerry, a Clinton, and a Tompkins—names tbat,
although belonging to the dead, still live in the re-
collection of a grateful country—is an honor of
which any man would have just cause to be proud-
But this honor is greatly augmented by the conn-
deration of the true character of this body—by the
high order of intellectual and moral powers which
has distinguished it in all past time, and which still
distinguishes it—by the dignity which has for the
most part marked its proceedings, and, above all? by
the important duties which have devolved upon i'
under the Constitution. Here are to be found the
immediate^representatires oí the States, by whose
sovere gn will the Government has been spoken
into existence. Here exists that perfect equality
among the members of the Confederacy, which
gives to the smallest State in the Union a voice
as potential as that of the largest. To this body
is committed, in an eminent degree, the great trust
of guarding and protecting the institutions handed
down to us from our fathers, as well against the
waves o*-popular and rash impulses on the one
hand, as against attempts at Executive encroach-
ment on the other. It may properly be regarded
as holding the balance, in which is weighed the pow-
ers conceded to this Government, ana the nghts re-
served to the States and to the People. It is its pro-
vince to concede what has been granted, to with-
hold what has been denied thu«, in ail its features
exhibiting a true type of the glorious Confederacy
under which it is our happiness to live. Should the
spirit of faction—that destructive spirit which reck-
lessly walks over prostrate nghts and tramples laws
and Constitutions in the dust—ever find an abiding
place within this hall, then indeed will a sen-
tence of condemnation be issued against the
peace and happiness of this people, and their
political   institutions   be    made   to   topplf   to
