CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             233
can, ray opinion of the sources of th« evils which
have been so exteasively complained of, and the
correctives which may be applied. Some of the
former are unquestionably to be found in the de-
fects of the Constitution; others, in my judgment,
are attributable to a misconstruction of some of its
provisions. Of the former is the eligibility of the
same individual to a second term of the Presidency.
The sagacious mind of Mr. Jefferson early saw
and lamented this error, and attempts have been
made, hitherto without success, to apply the amtn-
datory power of the States to its correction.
As, however, one mode of correction is in the
power of every President, and consequently in
mine, it would be useless, and perhaps invidious,
to enumerate ihe evils of which, in the opinion of
our fellow-citizens, this error of the sages who
framed the Constitution may have been the source,
and the bitter fruits which we are still to gather
from it, if it continues to disfigure our system. It
may be observed, however, as a general remark,
that Republics can commit no greater error than to
adopt or continue any feature in their systems of
government which may be calculated to create or
increase the love of power, in the bosoms of those
to whom necessity obliges them to commit the ma-
nagement of their affairs. And, surely, nothing is
more likely to prod ace such a state of mind than
the long continuance of an office of high trust.
Nothing can be more corrupting, nothing more de-
structive of all those nobie feelings which belong
to the character of a devoted republican patriot.
When this corrupting passion once takes possession
of the human mind, like the !ovj of gold, it be-
comes insatiable. It is the never-dying worm in
his bosom, grows with his growth, and strengthens
with the declining years of its victim. If this is
true, it is the part of wisdom for a republic to limit
the service of that officer, at least, to whom she has
intrusted the management of her foreign relations,
the execution of her laws, and the command of her
armies and navies, to a period so short as to pre-
vent his forgetting that he is the accountable agent,
not the principal—the servant, not the master. Un-
til an amendment of the Constitution can be effect-
ed, public opinion may secure the desired object.
I give my aid to it, by renewing the pledge hereto-
fore given, that, under no circumstances, will I
consent to serve a second term.'
But if there is danger to public liberty from the
acknowledged defects of the Constitution, in the
want of limit to the continuance of the Executive
power in the same hands, there is, I apprehend, not
much less from a misconstruction of that instru-
ment, as it regards the powers actually given. I
canBOt conceive that, by a fair construction, any or
either of its provisions would be found to consti-
tute the President a part of the legislative power.
It cannot be claimed from the power to recom-
mend, since, although enjoined as a duty upon
him, it is a privilege which he holds in common
wi'h every other citizen. And although there may
be something more of confidence in the propriety
of the measures recommended in the one case than
in the other, in the obligations of ultimate deci-
sion there can be no difference. In the language
of the Constitution, "all the legislative power."
which it grants "are vested in the Congress of the
United S ates." It would be a solecism in lan-
guage to say that any portion of these is not in-
cluded in the whole.
It may be said, indrel, that the Constitution has
given to the Executive the power to annul the acts
of the legislative body, by refusing to them his as-
sent. So a sflaular power has necessarily resulted
from that instrument to the Judiciary; and yet the
Judiciary forms no part of the Legislature. There
is, it is truí>, this difference between these grants of
power. The Executive can put his negative upon
the acts of the Legislature for other cause than that
of want of conformity to the Constiiutiop, whilst
the Judiciary can cnly declare void those which
violate that instiument. But the decision of the
Judiciary is final in such a case, whereas, in every
instance where the veto of the Executive is applied,
it may be cveroome by a vote of two thirds of both
Houses of Congress. The negative upon the acts
of the Legislative by the Executive authority, and
that m the hands of one individual, would eeem to
be an incongruity in our system. Like some others
of a similar character, however, it appears to be
highly expedient; and if used only with the for-
bearance, and in the spirit which was intended by
its authors, it may be productive of great good, and
be found one of the best safeguards to the Union.
At the period of the formation of the Constitution,
the principle does not appear to have enjoyed much
favor in the State Governments. It existed but in
two; and in one of these there was a plural Execu-
tive. If we would search for the motives which
operated upon the purely patriotic and enlightened
assembly which framed the Constitution, for the
adoption of a provision so apparently repugnant to
the leading Dsmocratie principle that the majority
should govern, we must reject the idea that they
anticipated from it any benefit to the o'dinary
course of legislation. They knew too well the high
degree of intelligence which existed among the
people, and the enlightened character of the State
Legislatures, not to have the fullest confidence that
the two bodies elected by them would be worthy
representatives of such constituents, and, of course,
that they would require no aid in conceiving and
maturing the measures which the circumstances of
the country might require; aid it is preposterous
to suppose that a thought could for a moment have
been entertained that the President, placed at the
capital, in the centre of the country, could betier
understand the wan tí and wishes of the people ihan
their own immediate representatives, who spend a
part cf every year among them, living with them,
often laboring with them, and bound to theai by the
triple .tie of interest, duty, and affection. To as-
sist or control Congress, then, in its ordinary legis-
lation, could not, I conceive, have beeu the motive
for conferring the veto power on the President.
Thii argument acquires additional force from the
fact of its never having been thus used by the first
six Presidents; and two of them were members of
the convention, one presiding over its deliberations,
and the rther having a larger share in consum-
mating the labors of that august body than any
other person. But if bills were never returned to
Congress by either of the Presidents above referred
to, upon the ground of their being inexpedient, or
not as well adapted as they might be to the wants
of the people, the veto was applied upon that of
want of conformity to the Constitution, or because
errors bad been committed from a too hasty enact-
ment.
There is another ground for the adoption of the
veto principle, which had probably more influence
in recommending it to the Convention than any
other. I refer to the security which it gives to the
just ?nd equitable action of the Legislature upon
all parts of the Union. It could not but have oc-
curred to the Convention that, in a country so ex-
tensive, embracing so great a variety of soil and
climate, and, consequently, of products, and which,
from the same causes, must ever exhibit a great
difference ia the amount of the population of its
various sections, calling for a great diversity in the
employments of the people, that the legislation of
ihe majority might not always justly regard the
rights and interests of the minority—and that acts
of this character might be passed, under an ex-
press grant by the words of the Constitution, and,
therefore, not within the competency of the judi-
ciary to declare void; that, however enlightened and
patriotic they might suppose, from past experience,
the members of Congress might be, and however
largely partaking in the general of the liberal feel-
ings of the people, it was impossible to expect that
bodies so constituted should not sometimes be con-
trolled by local interests and sectional feelings. It
was proper, therefore, to provide some umpire,
from whose situation and mode of appointment
more independence and freedom from such influ-
ences might be expected. Sach a one was afforded
by the Executive Department, constituted by the
Constitution. A person elected to thai hiah office,
having his constituents in every section, State, and
subdivision of the Union, must consider himself
bound by the most solemn sane ions to guard, pro-
tect, and defend the rights of all, and of every
portion, great or small, from the injustice and op-
pression of the rest. I consider the veto power,
therefore, given by the Constitution to the Execu-
tive of the United States solely as a conservative
power, to be be used only, 1st, to protect the Con-
stitution from violation; 2ily, ths people from the
effects of hasty legislation, where their will has
been probably disregarded or not well understood;
and, 3ily, to prevent the effects of combinations
violative of the right of minorities. In reference
to the second of these objects, I may observe, that
I consider it the right and privilege of th% people to
decide disputed points of the Constitution, arising
from the general grant of power to Congress t6
carry into effect the powers expressly given. And
I believe, with Mr. Madison, "that repeated recog-
nitions, under varied circumstances, in acts of the
Legislative, Executive, and Judicial branches of
the Government, accompanied by indicatisns in
different modes of the concurrence of the gsneral
will of the nation, as affording to the President suf-
ficient authority for his considering such disputed
points as settled."
Upwards of half a century has elapsed since the
adop'ion of our present form of Government. It
would be an object more highly desirable than the
gratification of the curiosity of speculative states-
men, if its precise situation could be ascertained, a
fair exhibit made of the operations of each of its
Departments, of the powers which they respective-
ly claim and exercise, of the collisions whieh
have occurred between them, or between the whole
Government and those of the States, or either of
them. We could then compare our actual condi-
tion, after fifty years' trial of our system, with
what it wasin the commencement of its operations,
and aicertam whether the predictions of the pa-
triots who opposed its adoption, or the confident
hopes of its advocates, have been best realized.
The great dread of the former stems to have been,
that the reserved powers of the States would be
absorbed by those of the Federal Government,
and a consolidated power established, leaving to
the States the shadow, only, of that independent
action for which they had so zealously contended,
and on the preservation of which they relied as the
last hope of liberty. Without denying that the
result to which they looked with so much appre-
hension is in the way of being realized, it is ob-
vious that they did not clearly see the mode of its
accomplishment. The General Government has
seized upon none of the reserved rights of the
State?. As far as any open warfare may have
gone, the State authorities have amply maintained
their rights. To a casual observer, our system
presents no appearance of discord between the
different members which compose it. Even the
addition of many new ones has produced no jar-
ring. They move in their respective orbits in
perfect harmony with the central head, and with
each oihar. But there is still an under current at
work, by which, if not seasonably checked, the
worst apprehensions of our anti-federal patriots
will be realized. And not only will the State au-
thorities be overshadowed by the great increase of
power in the Executive Department of the General
Government, but the character of that Govern-
ment, if not its designation, be essentially and radi-
cally changed. This state of things has been in
part effected by causes inherent in the Constiu-
tion, and in part by the never-failing tendeney of
political power to increase itself. By making the
President the sols distributor ef all the patronage
of the Government, the framers of the Constitution
do not appear to have anticipated at how short a
period it would become a formidable instrument to
control the free operations of the State Govern-
ment i. Of trifling importance at first, it had, early
in Mr. Jefferson's adminiitration, become so
powerful as to create great alarm in the mind
of that patriot, from the potent influence it
might exert in controlling the freedom oí the
elective franchise. If such could have then
been the effects of its influence, how much greater
must be the danger at this time, quadrupled in
amount, as it certainly is, and more completely un-
der the control of the Executive will, than their
construction of their powers allowed, or the
forbearing characters of ail the early Presi-
dents permitted them to make? But it is not
by the extent of its patronage alone that the
Executive Department  has  become   dangerous,
