Ü$4                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bu,t by the use which it appears may he made of
the appointing power, to bring under its control the
whole revenue of the country. The Constitution
has declared it to be the duty of the President to
see that the laws are executed, and it makes him
the Commander-m Chief of the armies and navy
of the United States. If the opinion of the most
approved writers upon that speeds of mixed Go-
vernment, which, in modern Europe, is termed
monarchy, in contradistinction to despotism, is cor-
rect, there was wanting no other addition to the
powers of our Chief Magistrate to stamp a mo-
narchical character on our G}overnment,but the con-
trol of the public finance . And to me it appears
strange, indeed, that any one should doubt that the
entire control which the President possesses ovtr
the officers who have the custody of the public
money, by the power of removal with or without
cause, does, for all mischievous purposes at least,
virtually subject the treasure abo to his disposal
The first Roman Emseror, in his attempt to seize
the sacred treasure, silenced the opposition of the
officer to whose charge it had been committed,
by a significant allusion to his sword By a selec-
tion ot political instrumenta for the care of the
public money, a íeference to their commissions by
a Pres dent, would be quite as effectual an argu-
ment as that of Cre ar to the Roman knight. I am
not insensible of the great difficulty that exists m
devising a proper plan for the safe keeping and dis
bursement of the public revenue?, and I know the
importance which has been attached by men of
great abilities and patriotism to the divorce, as it is
called, of the Treasury from the banking msiitu-
tioa . It is not the divorce which is complamtd
of, .but the unhallowed union of the Treasury with
the Executive Department which has created such
extensive alarm. To this danger to our Republi-
can institutions, and that created by the mñuenee
given to the Executive through the instrumentality
of the Federal officers, I propose to apply all the
remedies which may be at my command. It was
certainly a great erroi in the framers of the Conv.ti-
stution, not to have made the < fficer at the head of
the Treasury Depaitment entirely independent of
the Executive. He should at least have bfen re-
movable only upon the demand of the popular
branch of the Legislature I ha/e determined ne-
ver to remove a Secretary of the Treasury without
communicating all the circumstances attending
«uch removal to both Houses of Congress. The
influence of the Executu e in controlling the free-
dom of the elective franchise through the medium
of the public officers can be cffuctually checked by
renewing the prohibition published by Mr Jeffer-
son, forbidding their interference in elections fur-
ther than giving their own votes, and their own in-
dependence secured by an assurance of perfect im-
munity, in exercising this sacred privilege of free-
men under the dictatts of their own unbiased
judgments Never, with my consent, shall an of-
ficer of the people, compensated for bis services
out of their pockets, become the pliant instrument
of Executive will.
There is no part of the means placed in the
hands of the Executive which might be used with
greater effect, for unhallowed purposes, than the
control of the public press. The maxim which
our ancestors derived from the mother country,
that "the freedom of the press is the great bulwark
of civil and religious liberty," is one of the most
precious legacies which they have left u«. We
have learned, t >o, from our own as well as the ex-
perience of oiher countries, that golden shackles,
by whomsoever or by whatever pretence imposed,
are as fatal to it as the iron bonds of despotism
The presses in the necessary employment of the Go-
vernment should never be uced " to clear (he
guilty, or to varnish crimes " A deeent and manly
examination of the acts of the Government should
banot only tolerated but encouraged
Unon another occasion I have given my opinion,
at some length, upon the impropriety of Execu-
tive interference in the legislation of Congress.
That the article m the Constitution making it the
duty of the President to communicate information,
and authorizing him to recommend measures was
not intended to make htm the source of legislation,
and, in particular, that he should sever be looked
to for schemes of finance. It would be very strange,
indeed, that the Constitution should have strictly
forbidden one branch of the Legislature from
interfering in the origination of such bills, and
that it should be considered proper that an alto-
gether different department of the Government
should be permitted to do so Some of our best
p litical maxims and opinions have b°en drawn
from our parent Isle. There are others, however,
which cannot be introduced in our system without
singular incongruity, and the production of much
mischief And this I conceive to be one. No mat-
ter m which of the Houses of Pari anient a bill
may originate, nor by whom introduced, a minis-
ter, or a member of the opposition, by the Action of
law, or rather of constitutional principle, the sove-
reign is supposed to have prepared it agreeably to
hi* will, and then submitted it to Parliament for
their advice and consent. Wow, the very reverse
is the case here, not only with regard to the princi-
ple, but the forms prescribed by the Constitution
Tne principle cena nly assigns to the only body
constituted by the Constitution (the legislative
bjdy,) the power to make laws, and the forms
even direct that the enactment should be ascribed
to them. The Senate, in relation to revenue bills,
have the right to propose amendments, and so has
the Executive, by the power given him to return
them to the House ot Representatives, with his ob-
jections It is in his power, also, to propose
amendments to the existing revenue laws, suggest-
ed by his observations upon their defective or inju-
rious operation. But the delicate duty of devising
schemes of revenue should be left where the Con-
stitution has placed it—with the immediate repre-
sentatives of the people. For similar rejsons, the
mode of keeping the public treasure should be pre-
scribed by them, and the farther removed it may
be from the control of the Executive, the more
wholesome the arrangement, and the more m ac-
cordance with Republican principle.
Connected with this subject is the character of
the currency The idea of making it exclusively
metallic, however well intended, appears to me to
be fraught with more fatal consequences than any
other scheme, having no relation to the personal
rights of the citizen, that has ever been devised. If
any single si-h^me could produce the effect of ar-
resting, at once, that mutation of condition by
which thousands of our most indigent fellow citi-
zens, by their industry and enterprise, are raised to
the possession of wealth, that is the one If there
is one measure better calculated than another to
produce that state of things so much deprecated by
all true republicans, by which the rich are daily
adding to (heir hoards, and the poor sinking deeper
into penury, it i  an exclusive metallic currency.
Or if there is a process by which the character of
the country for generosity and nobleness of feeling
may be destroyed by the great increase and neces-
sary toleration of usury, it is an exclusive metallic
currency
Amongst the other duties of a delicate character
which the President is called upon to perform, is
the supervision of the government of the Territo-
ries of the Uni'ed States. Those of them which are
destined to become members of our great political
family, are compensated by their rapid progress
from infancy to manhood, for the partial and tem-
porary deprivation of their political rights. It is
m this District, only, where American citizens are
to be found, who, under a settled system of policy,
are deprived of many important political privileges,
without any inspiring hope as to ths fuiure Their
only consolation, under circumstances of such de-
privation, is that of the devoted exterior guards of a
camp—that their sufferings secure tranquillity and
safety within. Are there any of their countrymen
who would subject them to greater sacrifices, to
any other humiliations than those essentially neces-
sary to the security of the object for which they
were thus separated from tueir fellow-citizens?
Are their rights alone not to be guarantied by the
application of those great principles, upon which
all our CoBstitution? are founded'! We are told by
the greatest of British orators and statesmen, that,
at the commencement of the war of the Revolu-
tion, the most stupid men in England spoke of
"their American subjects."   Are there, indeed,
citizens of any of our States who have dreamed of
their subjects in the District of Columbia? Such
dreams can nevei be realized b/ any agency of
mine
The people of the District of Columbia are not
the subjects of the people of the States, but free
American citizens Being m the latter condition
when the Consti'ulion was formed, no words used
in that instrument could have been intended to de-
prive them of that character. It there is any thing
in the great principles of unalienable rights, so em-
pha'ically insisted upon in our Declaration of In-
dependence, thpy could neither make, nor the
United States accept, a surrender of their liberties,
and become the subjects, in other words, the slaves,
ot their former leilow-citizens If this be true,
and it will scarcely be denied by any one who has
a correct idea of bis own rights as an American
citizen, the grant to Congress of exclusive jurisdic-
tion in the District of Columbia, can be inter-
prete 1, so far as respects the aggregate people of
the United Sta'es, as meaning nothing more than
to allow to C ingress the controlling power neces-
sary to afford a tree and safe exercise of the func-
tions assigned to the General Government by the
Constitution. In all other respects, the legislation
of Congress should be adapted to their peculiar po-
sition and wants, and be conformable with their
deliberate opinions of their own interests.
I have spoken of the necessity of keeping the re-
spective Departments of the Government, as well
as all the other authorities of our country, within
their appropriate orbits. This is a matter of diffi-
culty in some cases, as the powers which they re-
spectively claim are often not defined by very dis-
tinct lines Mischievous, however, in their tenden-
cies, as collisions of this kind may be, those which
arise between the respective communities, which
for certain purposes compose one nation, are much
more so; for no such nation can long exist without
the careful culture of those feelings of confi-
dence and affection which are the effective
bonds of union between free and confederated
States. Strong as is the tie of interest, it has
been often found ineffectual. Men, blinded
by their passion , have been known to adopt mea-
sures for their country in direct opposition to all the
suggestions of policy The alternative, then, is,
to destroy or keep down a bad passion by creating
and fostering a good one, and this seems to be the
corner stone upon which our American political
architects have reared ths fabric of our Govern-
ment The cemeit which was to bind it, and per-
petuate its existence, was the affectionate attach-
ment between all its members. To insure the con-
tinuance of this ftelmg, produced at first by a com-
munity of dangers, of sufferings and of interests,
the advantages of each were made accessible to all.
No participation in any good, possessed by any
membei oí an extensive confederacy, except m do-
mestic government, was withheld from the citizen
of any other member. By a process attended
with no difficulty, no delay, no expense but that of
removal, the citizen of one might become the citi-
zen of any other, and successively of the whole.
The lines, too, separating powers to bs exercised
by the citizens of one Stat3 from those of another,
seem to be so distinctly drawn as to leave no room
far misunderstanding The cit zens of each Slate
un te in their persons all the privileges which that
character confers, and all that they may claim as
citizens of the United S'ates, but in no case can
the same person, at the same time, act as the citi-
zen of two separate States, and he is therefore posi-
tively precluded from any interference- with the re-
served powers of any Slate but that of which he is, for
tne time being, a c uzet. He may mdeed offer to
the citizens of other States his advice as to their
management, and the form in which it is tendered
is left to his own discretion and sense of propriety.
It may be observed, however, that organized as-
sociations of citizens, reqjiring compliance with
their wishes, too much resemble the recommenda-
tions ot Athens t  her allies—supported by an arm-
ed and powerful fl^et. It was, indeed, to the ambi-
tion of the leading States of Greeee to control the
domestic concerns of the others, that the destruc-
tion of that celebrated confederacy, and subse-
quently of all its members, is mainly to be attn 
