CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
had the power to do this act, was to deny that they
were sitting as the Senate of the United States.
Mr. TAPPAN requested that (he bond given
by Messrs. Blair and Rives might be read.
The Secretary accordingly read the bond.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he was scarcely in a
condition to articulate, and he should economise
words as much as possible. But as to the character
of this bond, what was it? It was a bond to do the
duties of the office; but if the Printer* went out the
bond was vacated by the fact. The question was
not-, then, on the piopiieiy of the d'smissal of these
Printers; that question would come up when the
resolution came up; but it was a question of order
raised on the other side of the Sánate, (by Mr. Al-
len,) and re-echoed on this side (by Mr. Wright)
but not with a perfect coincidence. It was con-
tended on one side that the Senate was a continuous,
never-dying body, and on the other side it was said
there was no House of Representatives. But in
the true conten'plation of the Constitution, the Se-
nate, and the House loo, were supposed to be in ex-
istence; for if the S ates had discharged their duties
by the election of members, they were ready to
form a House. The Senate and the House were,
in the contemplation of the Constitution, continuous
bodies; they were not identical in the mem-
bers that composed them, but he hoped that,
though theoretically always in existence, the
acts and measures of the Senate would depend
on the component members that constitute the
body. By the Constitution the Senate had power,
exclusively of the House, or the President, or any
other authority; to elect its own officer . They
said that their Printer was an officer; but he should
not go over the arguments which had been urged
with so much ability by his friend from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard,] and which stood unanswered to that
day, that these Printers were officers, and were, in
fact, performing the duties of clerks, using types
instead of pens—that they were a patt of the ma-
chinery of the Senate which was requisite to the
transaction of the duties of the Senate. Suppose
the Printers were to die, or some other contingency
should happen which should prevent the execution
of their work, could not the Senate fill that office?
Could they not fill the office of Seraeant-at-Arms,
which was then vacant? The case was tco clear for
argument. The Senate then in session could do
whatever it ivas competent for a Senate to do. But
the argument of the gentleman on the other s!de
[Mr. Allen] was this; it is not a legislative func-
tion to elect a Printer, nor was it Executive. Then
what was it? Was it a judicial function? It was
certainly much less a judicial than an Executive
or a legislative function. Well, if it was neiiher
legislative, Executive, nor judicial, he thought the
argnmeat of the gentleman on the other side de-
monstrated that it was not competent in the Senate
to elect at all. But this hair-splitting, this divi-
sion and subdivision of the capacities of the Se-
nate, was not the question. They were a Senate,
wih all the powers of the Senate; they could not
act, it was true, in their legislative character, but
they were competent to perform what a Senate
could do without the co-operaiioa of ¡he other
House.
Now let us s:e what was done at a somewhat
analogous period of their history. The Senator
from New Yuik thought they ought to meet in
conclave, and Eot in the pre?snce of those who
had done them the honor to attend their debates.
Why, they had always met in open stssion, and, if
they went into seciet session, it was on a special
motion. But he would call their attention to wh't
was done on the 9th of March, 1829. He then read
from the journal of March 9, 1829, when the Se-
nate were in Executive session, a resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Benton to purchase Gales and Sea-
ton's Register of Debate . On the next day the re-
solution was, on motion of Mr. Woodbury, bid
on the table.
On arriving at the name of Mr. Woodbitry in
the extract, he said he was happy to see that ho-
norable Senator here, and h? hoped, by his vole,
he would recognise the validity of the proceedings.
On the next day it was again taken up," and then
laid on the table—ayes 35, noes 15.
There were a variety of other proceedings, run-
ning from day to day, recognising their power to
transact the business oí the Senate. And could they
not identify and examine into the character of the
of individuals to compose that body? He could rights
refer to numerous instances in which it had been
done to ascertain the right bv which any man was
sitting there as a Senator. Unquestionably, it was
the first, the primary duty of any deliberative
assembly. Whatever related to their functions,
whatever related to their composition, whatever re-
lated to the discharge of their duties, and whatever
was necessary to enable them to fulfil them, it was
competent for them to determine; and whatever of-
ficers were necessary and important, with all defe-
rence for the opinion of the Senator opposite, it
wa; competent for the body to proceed to elect.
He would detain the Senate no longer, for the rea-
son he had before given—that he had not the pow-
er of utterance.
Mr. ALLEN said the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Clay] thought; he had placed him (Mr. Al-
len) in an awkward dilemma. He (Mr. Allen)
had said that the election of Printer was not, pro-
perly speakirg, either an Executive or a legislative
act; and the Senator from Kentucky had inquired
if that was the cae, as it was not a judicial act,
where the Sépate would find power to elect a
Prin'er at all? He (Mr. Allen) would answer that
question. The Senate acted in its legislativa cha-
iact?r, in virtue of certain express powers m the
Constitution; and in its Executive character, in vir-
tue cf certain other express powers in the Constitu-
tion; and it acted in its judicial character, as in
cases of impeachment, in virtue of certain other
powers. But was it in virtue of either of those
powers they elected a Printer?5* It was not in their
legislative character that they acted, or why did the
Constitution superadd that the Senate should choose
its own officers?
Now, as to the ques'ion of the Senator from
Dileware, [Mr. Bíyard,] if there'should be a va-
cancy in the chair by the death of their President—
which he hoped there never would be—would not
the Senate, in that case, proceed to elect a President
pro tern, of the body? And he bad put the same
qnestion >n regard to their Clerk. Yes, they would
elect a President pro tern, by virtue of the power
conferred by the necessity of the case, and justified
by that necessity. But, let the Senator reverse the
proposition, and see how it would apply. Because
the Senate can filia vacancy created by death—and
fill that vacancy temporarily—it can remove an
officer elected permanently, and thus creóte the ne-
cessity for a new appointment! Why, the Senate
then might remove Us Piesidem for the purpose of
filling his place. And they could remove their Se-
cretary—not because he had violated his trust, but
for the sole reason that ihe Senate might thereby
derive, from the necessity created by themselves,
the power to fill the vacancy by a pro tern, appoint-
ment. If the proposition were good on one side it
was good on the other. If they could fill a vacancy
created by deaih, said the Senator, could tlvy not
turn out a mar.? If they could, in consequence <>f
a vaiaucy created by deíüh, appoint a temporary
officer, could they not create a vi'.caney and ap-
point a permanent officer to fill the pUci-? No:
they cou'd do no such thing. The proposition
would authorize the Senate to displace the Vice-
Presdent anil to make a v.tc.iney, in order that
they might make a necessity for a ne v presiding
officer, and on that to found the right to create that
officer. And so in re-ard to everv other. Now,
he took it he had estreated himself from the two
dilemmas in which t' • Senator from Kentucky
thought hs had placed hi fit.
Mr. WRIGHT was -tndy to admit that any
suggestions of his misht ho crude, for the question
was very new to him; but still he was not able to
ser, bv the arguments of ih: gentlemen ¡i« his right,
[Mr. Clay arid Mr. Chyton,] that the difficulties
in hi  mmd had been removed; nor did be see that
those Senators ka Í imposed any great difficulties
against ht« position. The honorab'e Senator from
Kentucky had appealed to them with some fore*,
and he bad pat questions which he woull answer,
Yankee like, by potting another question :| Was
this a legislative or aa Executive session, for the
honorable Senator contended that it was one or the
other?
Mr. CLAY said the session was "Senatorial."
Mr. WRIGHT thought all their sessions were:
Senatorial. He had understood the honorable Se-
nator to contend that this was not strictly legisla-
tive, that it was not strictly Executivs, nor was
it judicial; ergo, they could not do this act at all.
Mr. CLAYexplaiaed. He said they were there
as a Senate, and were competent to perform any
act which, as a Senate, irrespective of the other
branch of Congress, they could, at any time, per-
form.    It was "Senatorial."
Mr. WRIGHT admitted that this was to him a
new classification of their powers, and it was one
which he would not then discuss; but he hoped all
they did would be "Senatorial," whether as a legis-
lative, or as an Executive council. The powers, he
?pprehended, which were granted to iheai, were of
one (rf two branches; and from the arguments which
he had heard, it seemed to him they had then no
legislative powers, and yet they were acting on this
subject in a legislative form. He had before re-
ferred to the rules of the Senate, and he had stated
what, he supposed, would not be controverted; that
those rules were as perfectly binding on that body,
as they were on the body which occupied those
seats a week ago. Now, one of those rules was,
that, "When acting on confidential or Executive
business the Senate shall be cleared of all persons,
except the Secretary, the Principal or ihe Execu-
tive Clerk, the Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper,
and the Assistant Doorkeeper. Well, then,
under their rules, they must assume to be act-
ing legislatively, a position which he under-
to>k to show they did not occupy after,
their organization for Executive purposes. That
disposed, as a matter of course, of the question,
who of nsht weie members of the body; tor that
was a question which the Sedate muu always ad-
mit The Senator from Delaware said, whether in
an Executive or legislative capacity, they were al-
ways subject to the necessity of exercising their
powers for self-pro ection; and hence, if the sick-
ness or death of their Secretary happened while the
Senate was exclusively Executive, it was compe-
tent to appoint a Secretary pro tem. for that Execu-
tive session, that that would go on the Executive
journal, which had no connection wilh the legisla-
tive journal, for it was a journal of their own,
which had no connection with the House of Repre-
sentatives; and that it was published, or was forever
sealed, as the Senate, acüng as an Executive body,
should decide; and the Senate, acting as a legisla-
tive body, was not permitted to make any order on
the subject. Now, he [Mr. Wright] took it, that
if s.uch a neces ity were to arise, ot if the Secreta-
ry should so misbehave as ¡o require it, the Execu-
tivs Senate might pro hacvice appoint a person to dis-
charge the du'ies unul the time allowed to make a
permanent appointment. Tho?e were the sugges-
tions of his mmd. Now, his impression was, that
if the Senate, in its Executive capacity, should
p?s« a resolution and order the printing ot the Exe-
cuúve session to be done by others, the persons here
named would not cease to be the Primers in, the
operation ofl ths 1-iw, to Congress. However, he
did not now desire to detain the Senate with his re-
flections, which were necessarily crude.
Mr. PRENTISS, who spoke in a very low tone
of voice, was understood to argue that the Senate
now sit iog could ex ici*e any separate powers
given to it by the. Constitution, and thai they had
the power a"id the right to act upon this resolution,
and to dismiss their Prin'ers.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama corcsived the whole
question turned on one point which had not jet
been rrgarded; and honorable gentlemen who pro-
posed to act on 'his resolution, it appeared to him,
were about tu act on a misapprehension of
¡he tini« nalure of the question. On a former occa-
sion, but a few dais ago, he (Mr. Clay) had con-
tended ¡hat the Printer was not, in the constitu-
tional sense of the term, an officer cf the Senate at
al!; or, at all even's, he could only be considered
as a nw.si officer. He did not deny that ihe Clerk
or the Secretary was liable to be dismissed; but,
even as a matter of right, or of sound discretion, he
did  not suppose any officer would be dismissed,
