238
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
unless he had committed some offence, or had
bfeen guilty of some deep moral dereliction. In
■what position did they then stand"* He maintained
that they stood in the attitude of one oí two con-
tracting patties. The Printers, who were the other
parties to the contract, did not perform ministerial,
but mechanical duties, and those duties were not
performed within the walls of this Capitol, bat
elsewhere. The resolution of 1819, to which he
would ask the attention of the Senate, was m the
following terms:
RESOLUTION directing the mannei m which the Printing of
Congress shall be executed, fixing the prices thereof, and
providing for the appointment of a printer or printers
Resolved by the Senate  and House of Representatives
of the United States ofAmericain Congi ess assembled That
the printing of Congress, unless when otherwise specialty or
dered, shall be done m the following form and mannei, viz
Bills, as heretofoie, with English type, on foolscap papci
Rule or table worli, m loyal octavo size where it can he
brought into that size by any type not smaller than brevici and
where itcannot, in such form, as to told conveniently into the
volume All other ptintmg with a small pica type, on royal
paper, in pages of the same size is those of the last edition
of the laws of the United locates, including the marginal notes
And the following prices shall be allowed and paid for the
above described work For the composition of every page of
bills, one dollai, of every page of small pica, plain woik, one
dollar, of every pige of small pica, rule work twodollars, of
every oageof brevier rule work, three dollars and fifty cent?,
and for a larger form of brevier rule work, in proportion
tor the press work of bills, including papci, folding, and
etitching, for fifty copies, 25 cents per page, foi 100 copies,
él 25 per page, for the press work of tables, othei than those in
the regular octavo form, for bUO copies, including as above,
$5 50 per foim, lot the press work ol the journals, of 900 co
pies, including asnbove, one dollar per page for a[! othei ptmt
ing, m the octavo form, of 600 copies, including as above,
&7£ cents per page, and for a largei or smallei number in pio
portion
That as soon as this resolution shall have been approved by
the President of the United ¡states, each House sli ill pioceed to
ballot for a Printer, to execute its work dining the next Con
grass, and the person having the greatest numbciof votcsshall
be considered duly elected, and shall give bond with sureties
to the satisfaction of the ¡Secretaiy of the Senate and Cleik ol
the Houseof Representatives respectively, for thepiompt, ac
curate, and neat execution of the work, and in case any moon
vement delay slnuld be, at any time, experienced by either
House, in the delivery of its work, the Secretary and Cleik,
respectively, may be authorized to employ another Printei to
execute any portion of the work of the Senate or House, and
chaige the excess, in the account ol sueh Pi inter, for executing
such woik, above whatisheiem allowed to the Pilntei ^uilty
of such negligence and deliy Pnmdril, That nolh ng heiein
contained shall preclude the choice of the simo 1 rmtei I)} ilie
Senate and by tlie House of Repie^entativei
11  CLAY,
Speiker o( the House ol Representatives
JAML3 PARUÜ1IK,
Pi esident of the Senate pi o tem¡ ore
Approved, Mai eh 3, IblU          '
¡AMEo MOMÍOC
This resolution direc's the manner and form in
wbuch the printing shall be done, and the price or
rate of remuneration. It goes on to provide that,
where it shall appear that the Printer failed m the
discharge ot his duty, the Senate might employ
some other individual. Well, then, in what point
of view were they to consider this resolution? The
Senate stood as one of two contracting parties and
what was the character of all contracts? It re-
quired two parties to make a contract, and he sub-
mitted to the Senate whether it did not equally re-
quire the consent of both parlies l<> rest md a con-
tract. To say, after entering into a solemn con-
tract, that, w ithout the failure to perform, or ci n-
sent of one, the other party could rescind lhe con-
tract, would be as new in law as in morals To
test the accuracy of this po mon, suppose Blair
and Rives should retuse to perform the duties
which, by their bond, they had covenanted to per
form, and wished to be relieved In m their oblnn-
hons—could they resign or be relieved t i hou' the
consent oí the Pena e, or without b ng luí ¡e to
the damages spec lied hi their bond'' Ry no r-ieans
Nnrc uld th s be controverted And if ihey cmkl
not be relieve! «ithout the consent of the Seiale,
could the Señale, on the o her hand, relea e i sell
from its part of i.ie oh! gallon? He de net! ¡hat it
cou d, an-1 he regretted that the proposition had been
made. He regretted it, as „n indication oí o her
things, which mifht be exree'ed to fó*Tlovv,cm which
he should no1 now dwell Hire they had-  |jw in all
its forms, it had tn« approval cf the Ex*cii ive
and that law bid been levied aid neon nter-
edten jears after i %il p i«n,"n ! Confess pa-smg
another, which was a simpb pious on a* to the
time of the election of Prmte', and fiung it wi hm
thirty days of the termination of the Congress He
would not detain the Senate by reading it, for it
was sufficiently familiar.
They had, theh, the resolution of 1819, pro-
viding for the election of Printer—specifying
the manner m which the printing should be
done, the Kind of type, the size of the ppge, and
tie rate of compensation. It had only been
changed so far, by the joint resolution of
1829, as to fix the- time of election, as he had
before stated, to take place within thirty days of
the el'se of each Congressional term. Now this
law had been acted upon ever since the passage of
the resolution of 1819, with peifect uniformity.
There had been a Printer to the Senate elected uu-
der it eleven hmes, notwithstanding the changes of
rarties, and the consequent changes of power
Yet it had never before entered into the head of any
one that they were thereby violaling the Constitu-
tion,
The fact of sn election being required by
the law, did not change the character of the
transaction, nor necessarily make the peison
chosen Printei an officer, in the constitutional
<ense, as seemed to be supposed. U was a mere
circumstance in the manner of making the con-
tract. The proposition might tie stated thus- the
resolution oí 1819 might be considered, as it was
in effect, the proposals of the Senate for a contract
for its printing, setting forth the manner in which
the work should be done, and the prices to be paid
for performing it. As might be supposed, a number
of individuals applied for the work, and the elec-
tion was held merely to ascertain and designate the
individual who should be received as contractor
The person so designated, afterwards, pursuant to
the le«-ms specified in our proposals-, execu'es his
bond for lhe faithful performance of his cintract,
under a suilable penally Is it no', then, to all
intents and purposes, a contract, in good faith, and
in law as inviolable as any other? It 11, most in-
con testabl y Blair and Rives could not discharge
th^mwlves, as all officers may, by resigning They
could only bs released from their liability by a full
and fai hiul performance of their undertaking, or
by our consent, as the oth°r contractirg party
Viewing it, then, as a contract, if, as must be ad-
mitted by all, Biatr and Rives could not discharge
themselves, by any act of theirs, without our con-
currence, can we discharge ourselves, without their
consent? This, sir, is the simple ques ion, and any
man who has learned the first principle which go-
verns and determines the nature and obligations of
a contract, must respond in the negative.
He should not occupy the lime of the
Senate longer on this point. He had merely
risen to show the true charac er of the transaction,
and to <ay that, unless it was intended by the
party now in power to trample under foot the law
oí the land, anil utterly to disregard that moral
pimciple whiui lays at the foundation of all con-
tracts, whether public or private—he repeated,
un ess the dominant pirty were resolved to tram-
pie down every pimciple heretofore sacred in law
and morals, ihc Senate could not adopt the resolu-
tion dismissing B air and Rives, ana -etttrg; aside
a contract which had been made and concluded in
the most so'emn foim.
Mr CALHOUN rose to say, t! a , m-giving his
vote on this occ?son, he did not give it on the ques-
tion ot order He agreed with the Chair that it
was i ot now fairly before the Senate, and he should
vo " fgo.mst taitmg up the resolution, because he
thought it highly inexpedient to do so But
if he were ovenuled, and the S nate should de-
cide the que tion of order, and d termine to take
up the resulu ion, t.jcn he should taks occasion to
ex pi ess h s op mon thereon.
Mi YOIMG asked the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Ciayton] whether he intended to convey the
impression that the Secreiaiy of lhe Senate was
on y here hj courtesy, and that he might be re-
moved at any moment?
Mi CLAYION wished to be uider tood to ss y
that e/er, officer was appointed to office dunng
pleasure, and could be removed at any moment
svhjn toe Senate was in session
Mr YOUNG wished to call the attention of the
honorable*Srnator from Delaware to their forty-
ninth rule, which wo.s m these words
'The Secretary of the Senate, the Sergeant-at-
Arras and Doorkeeper, and   the Assistant Door-
keeper, «hall be chosen on the second Monday of
the first session of the twenty-first Congress, and an
the same day of the first session of every succeeding
Congress."
Mr. CLAYTON observed that those officers
were elected on a certain day for the convenience
of the body, bit they might be removed or dis-
placed at any time the Senate was in session
After a fow words between Messrs YOUNG
and CLAYTON, the question was taken, and de-
cided in the affirmative—ayes 29, noes 22, as fol-
lows
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, B-nien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Ker, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps,
P. r'er, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith
of Indiana, Southard, Tallmalge, White, and
Wood bridge—29
NAYS—-Messis Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clav of Alabama, Cuthbert, Pulton, King,
Ltnn, McRoberts, Mouton, Nicholson, Pierce, Se-
vier, Smith cf Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Wiliams, Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—22
So the resolution was taken up for considera-
tion.
The Senate then went into the consideration of
Executive business, and afterwards adjourned.
IN SENATE.
%      MoNDAf, March 8, 1841.
Mr. MANGUiYp-rose on the question coming up
on the adoption (if the resolution, to dismiss Blair
and Rives as th% Punters to lhe Senate for the 27th
Congress, anjísaid this subject was so fully dis-
cussed some weeks past, that he did not think it
necessary-to say a single word on the subject;
nor did ne perceive any necess ty on the part of
his friends He hoped, therefore, the question would
be taken on the resolution.
Mr BEN TON called for the reading of the bond
of Messrs Blair and Rives
The bond of Messrs Blair and R ves was read It
bore date the 27th Februaiy, 1841, and, after reciting
the various laws in relation to the printing of Con-
gress, provided sureties, in the penalty of forty
thousand dollars, for the prompt, accurate, and
neat execution of the woik, and was approved by
the Secretary of the Sena'e.
M'. BUCHANAN said he did not rise to oppose
this resomtion in lhe slightest hope tlwt he should
prove successful. He had no doubt execution was
to be done, and that speedily, on Blair and Rives.
The decree, the n reversible decree, had gone forth,
and it must and would be executed. He had a
few words to say, not with any expectation of ar-
resting the judgment, because be knew this would
be vain, but for the purpose of directing the atten-
tion ot the Senate and the countiy to tins extraor-
dinary proceeding He firmly believed that a prin-
ciple wou'd be established by the adoption of this
resolution long to be remembeied, and long to be
deprecated
111 the Inaugural Address, which was delivered
but a few days ago, he found the following senti-
ment.
' It wasi the remark of a Roman Consul, m an early period
of that celebiated Republic, that a most striking contract was
obseivable m the conduct of candidates for ornees of power
and trust, before and aftei obuinmg them—they seldom carry
ing out, in the latter case, the pledges and promises made m the
loimei However much the woild may have improved,m
many respects, m the lapse of upwards of two thousand years
since the remaik w is made by the virtuous ai d indignant Ro
man, I feai that a strict examination of the annals of some of
the modem elective cmvernments would develope similar in
'Uanceaof violated contidence
What was lhe aspect of the case now before them?
Did it not illustrate, in Mie most striking manner,
t.re position maintained by the distinguished man,
now the President of lhe United States. Hereafter
he would ha/e no occasion to travel back two thou-
sand veais, tor the purpose of citing the authority
oí a R man coosal to prove that professions before
an election, and practices after it, were two very
different matters. His own friends in the Senate
were about to establish a modern precedent on
this subject, which would cast antiquity into the
shade
This was not merely the case of removing an.
officer, or "tjuasi" officer of the Senate, for political
