$42
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that the Prmter thus appointed should faithfully
perform his contract?   "A bond, with sureties, to
the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Senate, for
the prompt, accurate and neat execution, of the
work," not for the performance of any official
duty.   And yet the Printer was an officer who
could be dismissed at pleasure!   No, sir, no.   Blair
and Rives were employed "to execute the work1'
of the Senate during the Twenty seventh Congress,
not to psrform any official duties whatever.   The
jomt resolution provided that they should be chosen
before the termination of the 26th Congress, for, if
this were not the case, no Printers could be selected
after the meeting of the 27th  Congress for  either
House, excpt Gales and Seaton or Blair and Rives.
In order to prevent a monopoly in favor of Printers
who owned large establishments in this city, it was
absolutely necessary to afford others the time ne-
cessary to procure similar establishments before
their   duties   should   commence.    But,   under
the   doctrine  contended  for,   a   Prmter  elected
by   the  Senate  from   Boston,   New  York,   or
Richmond,   who    had   prepared   himself   fully
"to execute its work" might be dismissed the first
day of the session, and might be informed, in the
language of the Senator from   Delaware. "You
should not complain, for you accepted this contract
under the implied condition that we could turn
you out at pleasure."   No, sir, in order to promote
a competition among printers, this joint resolution
provided for the creation of an absolute contract,
to endure for two years, which  the Senate could
not violate, and on which the Printer might confi-
dently rely.   It did not refer to an office at all, but
placed the subject on its proper foundation, that of
the execution work—of mechanical labor—not of
official duties.   It «quired bond and security to be
Riven; and also, that,m case the Printer did not per-
form the work in proper time, the Secretary might
have it performed bo others, at his expense.   By-
the-by, would a Printer, thus casually employed by
the Secretary, also become an officer of the Senate?
Casting away all the ingenuity used on the other
side of the question, was. not this the simple state-
ment of the case?   I enter into a contract to em-
ploy a carpenter, during the period of two years, to
build a house or houses for me, for which 1 agree to
pay him a fixed price, according to tbeir  measure-
ment, and I take a bond and security from him for
the faithful execution of his contract.    I stipulate
with him, that, m case he fails to perform his duty,
I shall be at liberty to  employ another mechanic
to take his place, and that he shall be answerable
for all damages    The moment he is prepared to
enter upon his work, I turn about and s y, I reserv-
ed, in my own mind, tha power of annulling the
contraet, and I now annul it.   You may go about
your business.   I am above the law, and you can-
not recover any damages from me     You shall
lose the expense and the trouble which you have
incurred in preparing to perform your contract.
What care I for that.
The Senate neither had the moral nor ihe con-
stitutional power to violate this contract, and, if they
should do it, Blair and Rives, some day or other,
before this or some other tribunal, would obtain an
ample indemnity for all losses sustained.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said, when the appoint-
ment of Blair and Rives took place, about ten or
twelve days ago, on his side of the house they con-
sidered it one of the most extraordinary instances
of the exercise of high-handed power they had
witnessed during the present session ot Congress
from the other side of the house By one gentle-
man—a gentleman of great candor and frankness__
it was admitted to be an act of power—of pure,
naked, unqualified power. Well, on that occa-
sion, they (Mr. Clay and his friends) gave notice
to the other side of the houoe—they gave notice to
the world and to these Printers, that, if they did
go into an election under the existing circumstances,
they (his side of the house) should, at the earliest
possible period, correct the procedure by the dis-
missal of these Printers from office, and, on the
4th day of March, m the year of our Lord one
thousand eight hundred and forty one—the very
day on which the pretended contract commenced—
his friend near htm (Mr. Mangom) offered the re-
solution, according to the terms of which these
men were to be dismissed, if it «ere carried I]
He had said they considered it one of the most ex- J
traordmary exercises of high-handed power, for
what was it? Why, when they looked at its cha-
racter, they would see it to be an attempt, by a de-
feated party, t j continue their power and appoint-
ments beyond the term of their official power. It
was an attempt to throw their cast-off clothes on
us And what sort of soiled clothes were they'
Such, as if my servant Charles had come into my
presence with them, I would have driven him from
my presence for the indignity.
The case of Mr. Rives had been mentioned, and
their sympathies were to be excited for him He
would describe the case of Mr. Rive-, by an anec-
dote. There was a notorious fellow named Tom
Moore, who, after a long course of vil'any, got
into jail in England, and while there he instructed
a jackdaw to say a few sentences Tom played
at cards in jail, and continued his trick  (here which
he had practised when out The jackdaw looked on
all the time, and, as Tom cheated his companions,
the jackdaw cried, "Damn it, how he nicks them."
At last Tom got hung, and the jackdaw got out
among some birds of his own sort, and they
were discovered m a farmer's barn making
havoc among his corn. The farmer closed the
door upon them, and Tom Moore's jAckdaw
flew upon a beam, from which, as the farmer tore
off successively the heads of the rest, he cried,
"Damn it, how he nicks them " This at length at-
tracted the farmer's attention, and, looking up, he
inquired, "Pray, sir, how got you here?" "Bad
company broueht me here," was the reply of Tom
Moore's jackdaw. And as to poor Mr Rive", it
was bad company that breught him here
Well, now, let them go into the circumstances
of this Cuss. In 1819, a resolution was passed by
which each House agreed to appoint its own Prin-
ter—to do what the Constitution authorized them
to da separately That continued in force till
1829, when it was so modified that a majority was
required to consummate an election of Printer
Well, this continued in force, or at least continued
to be respected, but it was, if not unconslitution vl,
at least unnecessary As far back as '34 or '35,
the House utterly disregarded this resolution, and,
instead of putting the appointment of the Printer
at the end of the seswon, they had thrown the ap-
pointment to tha other end, and made it at the com-
mencement. So the House had done for the last
lour ©r five sessions, and it was now without a
Printer, having put off the appointment to the next
session But that was not all. The House had
not only not considered itself bound by the resolu-
tion, which gentlemen told ihem was the law of the
case, but the House had gone on, and, by a resolu-
tion of the last session, had varied the terms, and
considerably reduced them. New, if the House
was not bound by this resolution, on what prmci
pie could it be said that the Senate was bound? If
it was a compact between the two Houses, it was a
reciprocal obligation, but if the other House was
not bound, neither was the Senate bound,
and they were neither bound, because the
Constitution, which was paramount to all
law, gave them the power to elect their own
officers. But the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia said this was a contracts—a binding, obligatory
contract, to the execution of which their honor,
their good faith, their fair deahng,were all pledged.
And how did he make it out a contract?
Mr BUCHANAN    I will answer the Senator,
if he will nermit me
Mr CLAY.    At the proper time
Mr.  BUCHANAN.   I thought you desired an
answer.
Mr CLAY. I do at the proper time- at my
time, not at your time.
Mr. BUCHANAN. I await your time.
Mr. CLAY. The argument of his friend [Mr.
Bayard] must have satisfied every one that heard it,
that it was an office. What was the fact1* Why,
this Editor—this ■senior Eduor—had stalked about
this hall, day after day, having got the entree on the
express ground that he was an officer of the Senate,
for he could have got it on no other ground But
being regarded as an offieei of the Senate by the
Vice President, who<had lately vacated his seat, he
walked about with all tbe freedom of any other
person who had the entree of the Senate. Then, as
to this contract under this resolution: was it a
contract because it specified the terms, the fees, and
the compensation' Why was not that the case with
district attorneys and marshals? Were not they
compensated by fees which were specified?
Mr. BUCHANAN.   The time was not  men-
tioned.
Mr. CLAY.   Time! let me put it to that gen-
tleman.  Suppose me party, when it had thepower,
had chosen to appoint a Printer for ten years, run-
ning through General Harrison's term aad into
that of his succcessor, so as to disable us from se-
parating ourselves and disencumbering ourselves
from the putrid mass, so to be lashed to our bodies
and borne fey us the whole time—would  the con-
tract have been binding?   Or suppose the contract,
instead of for a term of years, had been for  life?
Now, in all the cases he bad mentioned—those of
an attorney, a marshal, a clerk, or any other offi-
cer—there were  duties specified by  law and as
clearly enumerated as by the resolution of 1819.
But all these held office, subject to the will of the
appointing power    Now, m all these cases, what
does the contract amount to?   To fulfil ihe duties
while they remained in the employment.   Well,
that is part and parcel of this contract, assuming
that they are officers, and he thought it had been
proven by the express terms of the resolution of'29
and of '19.    What did they do? There was an elec-
tion.   Who succeeds' The one having a majority.
How voted for"* By ballot    How declared? In the
usual mode.   The whole ceremony was  like that
this morning, when they proceeded to  the election
of a Sergeant-at-Arms    There was an election by
ballot—an election by a majority, there was the
giving of a bond, the taking of an oath, and the
performance of official duties, and, if all these did
not create an effice and make a man an officer, he
should like   the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania to
favor him with a definition of an officer.    It was
the common case, then, of an officer    But they had
been   reminded of a passage of  that inaugural
speech delivered the  other   day,   and   which   he
trusted the   gentlemen   would   study   and   profit
by in all its parts
They were reproached with violating some of the
principles of the parly coming into power, which
were professed when out of power. How' Why,
did gentlemen on the other side imagine lhat the
party in power were going to consummate the tri-
umph of proscription by retaining this man, because
taey had protested against proscription when it was
carried on in this nation without regard'to services
or character, and when persons were introduced of
an opposite description and of inferior merits'
Could gentlemen " lay that flattering unction to
their souls'" Why, if they were to let this man
remain, it would be the triumph of proscription—
an absolute triumph. He knew not what the rules
might be which would be adopted by the Executive
department of the Government, but he trusted
they would see none turned out but those who were
incapable, dishonest, faithless to the Constitution,
or who had improperly intermeddled with the elec-
tions. That was his principle; and on a former oc-
casion he understood the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania as giving in his adhesion to it. But
gentlemen seamed disposed now to put
themselves in opposition, and, on ihe first day of
this session, they rose en masse But if the gentle-
men thought they could excite the sympathies of
the country with such a being as Francis P. Blair,
let them go out with him to the people, and pro-
claim the injustice which had been done to him.
All he (Mr. Clay) would wish was that they (Mr.
Clay and his political friends) might not be asso-
ciated with him. If ihere was no other ground for
his dismissal, he (Mr. Clay) would go on the ground
of mfamy of character of the print and the Printer.
They might be indicted on that ground. And
let him tell Senators that, the other day, when the
late and the present President, in a manner so
honorable to themselves, were exchanging courte-
sies with each other—a spectacle with which every
manly man must be gratified—that day was fixed
Upon by this Globe, as a foreign minister told him—
for he (Mr. Clay) scarcely ever saw the dirty
