CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
{^I^jlgflje"successfully maintained.   What were
Lii^. That the, office of Prmter to this body is in
DO sense ,'an, office; that what he does is merely
mechanical; that he is employed under contract,
and not *s an officer, and as such, not subject to
removal.
." %, That if he be an officer, it is competent for
this body to contract with him as such-, that they
$§44° right, and it would be a breach of faith
and honor on the part of this Senate to pass this
^oJutioDj for the effect of it would be to break
their; plighted faith, and disregard their plighted
honor.
líbese were the two positions; and it would be
his design, to show that they had no foundation in
principle or in analogy.
The Ssnator had stated what, he had no doubt,
Fas the conviction of his own mind to this Senate,
and it-had gone forth to the coantry that a repeal,
ot rather that a removal and dismissal <sf these men
implied in it a breach of contract; and those who
sjtstained the resolution now on the table were to
beheld oat to the community, as those who, in
effect, were prepared to break down the inviola-
bility which ought to be thrown around, and by
the Constitution and laws of the country is thrown
around, all legal constitutional contracts.
He (Mr. H.) did not belong to that class of pc-
liticians who think all is fair in politics; nor to
another class, who think that the spoils belong to
the victors; nor yet to another class, who think that
the supremacy of the laws, and the solemnity and
binding obligation of contracts, is not to be main-
tained. No: his habits, his employment, his busi-
ness it life, had led hint at least to the maintenance
of what he conceived true doctrine; and that was,
thai the laws, the Constitution and laws, are su-
preme, and to be maintained; and that lawful con-
tracts are to be enforced. When this was presented,
(if ever sijch a case should occur,) that a resolu-
tion should be passed by either branch of Congress,
or both, directing the jsrformance of a great pub-
he work, after a contract had been made, they
would not and him one that would rise in his place
and offer a resolution, that the contract should be
rescinded.
He should not contend that it was not binding,
and support a resolmion which, if passed, would
destroy the obligatory force of the contract. No:
if this resolution implied in it any thing of the na-
ture of a breach of contract—if its effect was, in
the slightest degree, to violate the honor and faith
of the Senate, he would be one of the last, in this
body to interfere with its due and free execution.
But believing, as he did, that there was in this
act proposed to be done, no interference, in the
slightest degree, with any contract, expressed or
implied—believing it was in the power of this Se-
nate to pass this resolution, in the legal, constitu-
tional power; and believing, further, that it was re-
quired, he should come up, and, if there were any
responsibility in voting in favor of it, he should
take this responsibility, and feel that he was dis-
charging what he not only had a right to do, but
what, under the circumstances, was an imperious
duty.
The resolution implied two things: one was—
that this Senate has the right to dismiss its Prin-
ters;
And the other was—that it is expedient to exer-
cise that right. These were the only two points
involved in the resolution.
la relation to the first—whether they had the
right to pass it (h« did not mean merely to vote on
it) but whether they had the moral right to pass this
resolution—he proposed, for the purpose of meeting
the objections which had been urged against it by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, (and he would con-
sider it in a very brief mannsr, for it lay within the
compass of a nut-shell,) to «ndeavor to answer
them.
Suppose there had been no joint resolution. The
resólhiióri to elect thsm did hoi purport on its face
to be in eonseqtSence or pursuance of a joint reso-
lution. It was nothing more or less than this: "fle-
w&ieá," Thai the Seriate will to-morrow proceed to
the appointment of a Printer"—not for two years,
under the joint resolution of 1819, but "for next
Congress." Suppose there had been no joint reso-
lution prescribing the duties, the compensation, the
mode of appointment, &c. and they had appointed
the Printer, could they not have removed him under
this resolution'?
Is he an officer of the body? If the Senator from
Pennsylvania was right, they could not have re-
moved him, if there had been no joint resolutien;
because, he tells you, that he is not an < fficer—-that
it is a contract made, and we cannot dissolve it by
our own act.
This brought up the question, whether the Prin-
ter was an officer or not? The Senator from Penn-
sylvania said he was not, but that he was no more
such than many individuals vsho performed ser-
vices for the Senate; and asks, "is the page
who waits on us an officer? Is the person that
makes our fire, prepares our stationery, or repairs
the clock, an officei?'' And then asks whether they
are not as much officers as the Printers to this body?
They were required to do certain specific act--, and
so is a printer. How, then, do you distinguish be-
tween the two? Did not the intelligent and honora-
ble Senator perceive the difference; the difference be-
tween ihe page that waits on us here, not appointed
by the Senate, and the Printer appointed by the
body? If the Printer was not an officer, he (Mr.
H.) wanted to know what was an officer? Is our
Secretary an officer? He took it for granted that
this would be agreed to by all. Why was he an
officer? Was it not because he has certain duties
to perform, and because ne is appointed by the
body to perform these duties? Was not that the
reason? But the page, and the man that repaired
their clock, was not appointed by the body; the
Secretary employs him, and appoints him, but
not the body itself; he was not, therefore, an officer
of the body. If a Printer was not an officer, they
had not an officer, except the Vice President, whom
the Constitution declares an officer; and whora
you cannot remove, except for misdemeanor, for
there was not the slightest difference, excepting.the
duties to be performed, between the Printer and
Secretary. What does the Secretary perform?
How was he appointed? By the body—to perform
certain dutif s necessary to the well being and honor
3 of the body. What is your Printer? Does he not
your printing, instead of writing it out? Do you
not require of him the performance of certain acts?
What difference is there between the two, except-
ing that, in the one case, your Secretary does cer-
tain specified duties, and has an annualsalary; the
Printer doss some others, and has a different
compensation? But in both cases it was a public
office—a public appointment, made by the body
under the Constitution, under which they were
assembled.
Was there any mistake in this? Was he mis-
taken as to the conclusion they must come to, inde-
pendent of the joint resolution? And could any one
doubt that when under the joint resolution they de-
clared they would appoint an officer, whether they
did appoint an officei? They appointed one yester-
day, (the Sergeant-at-Arms.) Was he an officei?
Could they not remove him to day, just as they
could the Secretary—just what the President does
every day he pleases—remove an officer that he
appoints? Did the fact that his duties are mechani-
cal make the slightest difference in the case? It
seemed to him perfectly manifest, that, independent
of ihe appointment of Printer under the joint reso-
lution, there could not be the slightest doubt lhat
such a person, appointed to perform such duties by
this body, was an officer. If he was, (and nothing
else was the case,) no principle of parliamentary
law was better settled than that an officer holds his
office at the will of the body appointing him. He
should not go into an illustration ef this point, for
he was sure that be should have the assent of all
Senators to this—that, as a general rule, the Clerk,
the Secretary, and officers of Parliament, hold their
office at the pleasure of the appointing power.
Another reason why he might be removed. It was
not only incident to the nature of the office that he
might be removed, but indispensable, as the case may
be, to the due observance of the rights of the Se-
nate. If their Secretary should think proper to di-
vulge confidential communications made to this
body, could they not remove him?   Could they not
pass a resolution dismissing him, and appeiat ano-
ther? Suppose he insulted them in open Senate**,
were they obliged to keep him in office as Secretary?
Were they obliged to go through the formality of
proceedings to remove him, or could they not get
rid of him at once? How was it with the Printer?
Suppose be should abuse their confidence, and,
when a confidential communication was given to
him, should publish it in his newspaper—was it
not indispensable, as the case might be, to the pre-
servation of the rights of the Senate, that this per-
son should be dismissed? It was inherent in the
very constitution of the body: unless they had the
power to remove a person whom they appointed as
a servant, there was an end to the body—at any
rate, to the preservation of its honor and dignity.
He would not enlarge further on this, but would
assume, if there were no joint resolution on this
subject, the case would be clear, and then they
could pass this resolution without the slightest in-
fringement of obligation.
This brought him to the more important point, to
the able argument of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, in which he bad said every thing that could be
said, with that skill and ingenuity that always cha-
racterized him in debate. What was the resolu-
tion? He would not now go into the difference be-
tween ths resolution of 1819 and '39. That of
1819, if any lawyer would examine, he would see
that it expended its force at the first appointment.
He agreed that of 1829 provided that there should
be an appointment within the last thirty days of the
session; but it did not say how long he must hold
it; that of 1819 did—"for two years." Did it make
the slightest difference in point of principle whether
this officer was appointed under the joint resolu-
tion or without it? It was not the creation of an
office; the Constitution had prescribed in relation to
this. The Constitution said they should appoint
him; and though the joint resolution was merely
carrying out this principle, it did not make an of-
fice—this was what he supposed to be a misappre-
hension of the Senator from Pennsylvania, as to
its nature. Was there any ihing in the resolution
which made him less an officer than if he was ap-
pointed without it? So far from it, the resolution,
even of 1819, did nothing more nor less than this—
^pointed out in words, specifically, certain duties to
be performed by the Printers; it directed the mode
in which it was to be performed—the compensa-
tion; and then specified the time when to be ap-
pointed; that was all. He asked the attention of
the Senator from Pennsylvania to this view of the
joint resolution. He (Mr. B ) considered it as cre-
ating a contract between the two parties. There
was ne contract in this resolution—nothing in the
form and nature of a contract—nothing more nor
less than a declaration lhat they had certain duties
to perform, how they should be paid for, and then
at what time the officer to perform them shall be
appointed. But did this make him less an efficer?
Was there any thing of the nature of a contract
connected with ii? If sny one (which he denied)
admitted that a contract grew out of the office, it
was one which, if the office becomes .vacant, or
the officer be removed, was annulled and the of-
ficial bonds with it, which are nothing more nor
less than a bond for the faithful performance of the
duties while in office.
He would illustrate his view of the joint resolu-
tion by a case which was so perfectly analogous,
that the human mind could not distinguish between
them. They had what was called a sub-treasurer;
and then his duties are pointed out, and the mode and
time when to be appointed—that was explained by
the Constitution of the TJnitsd States. If he had
not been appointed by the resolution, he must have
been by ihe President of the United States.
Now, because the duties were pointed out, the
compensation pointed oat, and because he gives'
bond and security, could not the President remove
him? Was there any doubt about this? The Trea-
suier of the United States has certain duties to per-
form. Who appoints him? The Constitution says
ihe President, unless Congress provide some other
manner. Is the Treasurer an officer? Admitted.
Can he be removed at the pleasure of the President?
Why, has he not entered into a bond to discharge
the duties faithfully?   And if this Treasurer is such
