an cfficer, having specific duties to perform, and as ¡l
such could be discharged, notwithstanding he had ]
been appointed, could not the Printer, who is ap-
pointed an officer under the joint resolution, point-
ing-out his duties, be removed? Let us take the
case of the Secretary of the Senate. Suppose, in-
stead of there being,any law on the subject,-he was
appointed by joint resolution, or otherwise—that
the ¡Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the"
House of Representatives should perform certain
duties, pointing them out—he would suppose there
was a similar joint resolution, only substituting the
"Secretary" for the "Printer"—that hereafter the
Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the House
shall be confined to these duties, to wit: (be
then specified the duties ;) and that he shall
receive his compensation, $3,000 per year,
during the next Congress, and then that
it proceed, just as this has done, "that on the
first Thursday of the first session of each Congress
ihey shall be appointed." Suppose that it was in
the form of a joint resolution, could they not re-
move their Secretary if they pleased? Suppose
we had required bonds of him: cannot we remove
him because his duties are pointed out? He
thought there was no doubt on this subject. Could
they not do the same with the Printer? He might
go en and multiply these remarks almost indefi-
nitely. As to the nature of this lesolutien, he would
not now go on into the discussion of it at length.
He should not inquire whether it was one that could
not be repealed by either body, without the consent
of the President of the United States, but he wish-
ed to proceed on the principle that it was a law—a
joint resolution; and then Slid that there was no-
thing more in the joint resolution than a declara-
tion of the duties to be performed, and the compen-
sation to be paid; and this was the case with any
officer.
One word more. They had now, in the case of
their Secretary, without the joint resolution, the du-
ties marked out for him, implied by law. Did
there not attach to every officer of the Senate cer-
tain duties that he must do? That he must be
prompt in his attendance here—that he treat this
body with all due respect anddecorum? Was not
this implied in the very nature of bis office?
Did the joint resolution add any thing to the na-
ture of his obligations? Was he less an officer?
less subject to removal? If he did not very much
mistake the nature of the joint resolution—for he
could not think that a? y gentleman who voted for
it supposed that there was any thing more in it than
the declaration of what specific duties should be
performed—that was all that the joint resolution
proposed. He was an officer just as much; so
that the joint resolution and the whole subject was
brought within the compass of a single inquiry,
and that was—independent of this joint resolution,
(if they had merely passed a vote declaring that
they would appoint a Printer for the next Con-
gress,) could they not remove him? And if
they could not, he begged leave to know if there
was any officer whom, if they chose, they had not
the power to remove?
He would endeavor, as well as he could, to
compress his remarks within a short compass.
Thegeneral view that he had in relation to this mat-
ter, considered this Printer as an officer under the
Constitution; such an officer as, by acknowledged
parliamentary law, is removable. The joint resolu-
tion did not make the slightest difference in the
nature of the office; and in this point of view, he
was prepared to say that the Senate has the power
of exercising what was called their right,
of removing or dismissing these Printers from
office.
On the question,whether they should exercise it or
not, he wished merely to say, that, the manner and
the circumstances under which this appointment
was made, not only justified, butdemanded of thftn,
that they .should exercise this power; and that was
the principle on which they were prepared to place
it, independent of other considerations. He held it
to be expedient to make ¡his removal.
He knew much was said yesterday about "pro-
scription," and we were told that the first blood of
the first martyr was to be shed on your table.
There was something rather ludicrous in this idea,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of these gentlemen being martyrs under the circum-
stances under which tbey were appointed.
He wished to correct what he thought an error.
The Senator from Mississippi had said, when the
appointment of a Printer was made by the Senate
in 1834 and '35. it was an appointment by one po-
litical body, when another, at the next session,
would be of a different character. He did not so
understand it. There never had been an instance
until the present, of one political party in either
branch of Congress appointing Printers for the
body to succeed them, when il was known that at
the next session there would be a change in the ma-
jority of the body; he believed not a single one.
He agreed with the Senator from Mississippi, that
at that session those who were in the minority at
the commencement, unexpectedly became a ma-
jority, and the Printer was not removed. Look at
your journal; do you not find that the same body
that appointed the Printer in the session of 1834-
'35, appointed the committees at the next session.
They all knew what was the occasion, in some re-
spects, of the change that took place. A number
of the members were removed by death. He could
tell of one; and when he thought of his name, he
was filled with esteem and respect—he meant his
predecessor, the late Mr. Smith, who came at the
commencement of the session, and, before its close,
the Supreme Being, in his inscrutable Providence,
removed him by death. He did not sp"ak of others
who were thus taken out of the Senate. Thus a
change was effected in the body.
He repeated, so far as he knew, there never had
been an officer appointed by this body, by a politi-
cal party going out of power, when it was known
that the succeeding would be of a different charac-
ter. This was the very first time, in the history of
this Government, in which an attempt was made,
by a defeated party just going out of office, to elect
a Printer, known to be, or suprosed to be, unac-
ceptable to the party coming into power. It was
known at the time, said at the time-, and the Sena-
tor from Arkansas, whose frankness on all occa-
sions was worthy of regard, did not hesitate to
avow the principle on which they acted. Now,
was there any obligation resting on them, either to-
wards Senators or towards the individuals, that
they should retain them in office? If there was
any principle of propriety that should induce them
to continue in office these Printers, personally re-
pulsive to thsm—if he thought it ought to be done,
he would not then vote for this resolution. But he
could perceive none. He would dismiss the whole
subject, therefore, wiih the remark, that on the re-
quisite examinaron of it in every point of view,
he had arrived in his own mind to the result, that
this body had the power to pass the resolution; and,
under the circumstances in whicb they were called
to act on it, not only was it their right, but their
duty.
Mr, KING suggested the following modification
of the amendment of the Senator from Missouri,
which Mr. Benton accepted:
"Resolved, That Messrs. Blair and Rives, having
been duly elected Printers to the Senate during the
late session of Congress, under the joint resolution
of the two Houses providing for the election of
Printers to Congress, it is not competent for the Se-
nate to annul that elect on, and thereby divest the
rights which Blair and Rives may have acquired by
that election, they having entered into contract to
execute the printing, and given bond, which has
been approved, as directed by law."
Mr. HENDERSON said, by the amendment
it would seem that there was a contract resulting
from a law, and the objection to the removal of
the Priner was predicated on that. Now, he pro-
posed to show that there was no contract resulting
from a law—in other words, he denied that there
was a law at all. The resolution of 1819 he as-
sumed to be void- It purported to be a joint reso-
lution prescribing the form and manner in which
each House shall elect its own Printer, and pay
him. Now, if this were necessary, it was a law.
If it were necessary that they should have the
concurrence of the other House, and the sanction
of the President it was a law; but if it were not
necessary, if they had authority by which they
could make this appointment—this resolution could
add nothing to their original powers. The Con-
stitution says, "every order, resolation, or yote  |o
which the concurrence of the Senate and House
of Representatives may be necessary, (excepf
on a question of adjournment,) shall be.jjrg-
sented to the President of the United Stales; and
before the same shall take effect, shall be appiofj«[
by him, or, being disapproved by him, shall fee"-jr*>
passed by two-ihirds of the Senate and House oí
Representatives, according to the rules and limita-
tions prescribed in the case of a bill." Now, the
inquiry was, was this resolution such as, in ^the
languagelof the Constitution, was necessary-,to be
presented to the Piesident? If it was, gentlemen
were right respecting the resolution which-they as-
sumed to be a law. He denied that this, in .the
language of the Constitution, was an "order" or
"resolution" that was to be presented to the Presi-
dent, or to whish the signature of the President
was requisite.
Without going into an argument on that point,
after it had been so ably argued, he would assume
that it was beyond contradiction. He toojc it for
granted no man would contend, that, to empower
the Senate to elect its Printer, it was necessary to
confei with the House of Representatives or with
the President, or that the Senate should have their
concurrence. And how stood the resolution in its
operation. Had the House regarded it as law? ft
was well known that the House had for years dis-
regarded it; it had not been deemed obligAtoryoy
the House of Representatives, and theCPrinterg had
come in on different terms, and under different
contracts. This being the case, it was shown to
be no rule of action for the Senate, as it had not
been for the House.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut said he should not
have trespassed on the time of the Senate foramo-
ment, if it were not that he had heard decla-
rations made which he felt bound briefly .to
notice; and he would take the liberty to ex-
press his opinion as to the soundness of the contract
claimed to be sueh on his side of the House, aad-so
regarded by himself. There appeared to be a neces-
sity—and that seemed to be conceded on the part
of their opponents—to enable the Senate to dismiss
these Printers, to make them officers of the Senate.
All seemed to proceed on that ground; and without
that, there seemed to be no claim on their part to
dismiss the Printers, and to declare their con-
tract void. Now, there had been a joint resolution
giving the appointment of the Printer to the sepa-
rate bodies, under which, for something like twen-
ty years, the two Houses had appointed their
Printers.    But it was claimed by the opposite-side
- that this had fallen into disuse, and that, therefore,
it was not binding. He could hardly see how-it
could be regarded as not binding, after twenty years'
observance of it. But it had been said that Blair
and Rives were admitted on this floor as officers.
Could it be pretended that they were under the con-
trol of this body as servants? No: but on the contra-
ry, their contract pointed out what they sheuld do.
But he understood there had been a proposition to
employ a Printer in a different way—that the Se-
cretary ¡Aould employ the Printer. Now, if the
Printer were an officer, he asked whether an officer
could be thus constituted by proxy? T* his mind
it was clear it could not be done; and to him it was
equally clear that the Printers were not officers.
He would ask the indulgence of the Senate fbr
a few moments on another point. The dismissal
of Mr. Blair was advocated on the other side, on
the ground that he was an infamous man.
If this were so, was it not to be supposed that the
Democratic Senators, who gave him their sup-
port, knew that as well as me gentleman
who made the declaration? Could it be supposed
he could have acquired that character without
every man there baowing it? And if he (Mr.
Smith) would give his support to an "infamous"
man, to a cheat, a robber, or a debauchee, must he
not be as "infamous" as the man he supported?
But before he was charged with that infamy, the
man who made the charge ought to know that
' there was truth in the accusation. If, then, it wasr
meant to reflect infamy on the Democratic Senator?,
he undertook to say that it was a false, and a «Je
imputation.   But he would ask where he was to
