24£
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
loot for proof that their„Prmter was regarded as
"infamóos?" Was he to look at those .entertain-
ments which had been alluded to? Who were the
men that were found there and in intímate social
communion wiih the man now denounced as "infa-
móos?" He believed this man (Mr. B'aii)
stood as pore and virtuous as any man m the com-
munity, and hs should not have had his (Mr
Smith's) vote if it had been otherwise There be-
ing no objection, then, to his moral character, and
the contract being legal and constitutional, he cau-
tioned the Senate how it proceeded to annul the
contract,and to declare it invalid.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri, and it was negatived
—ayes 25, noes 18, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Pulton, King,
Linn, MacRoberts, Nicholson, Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Walker, Williams, Wood-
bury and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Ber-
rien, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Dixon,
Evans, Henderson, Huntington, Ker, Mangum,
Merrick, Moorehead, Phelps, Porter, Prendió,
Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
Tallmadge, White, and Woodbridge—25.
The question then again recurred on the original
resolution, on which the ayes and noes were or-
dered.
Mr. CALHOUN said I rise, Mr. President, as
the question is about tobe put, to slate the grounds
on which I propose to place my vote There are
some questions too clear to be supported or opposed
by argument, and this appears to me to be one of
that description. All that can be done in such
cases, is to give a distinct statement of the points
involved, and leave them to force their way by their
own intrinsic evidence. It is that which I propose
to do m the present instance.
The first point involved in considering this ques-
tion is, has the Senate a right to employ teisons
to do its printing? No one can doubt that. It
is admitted on ail sides.
The next is, can «enter into a contract with such
persons for ihe purpose' How can that be doubt-
ed? How else could they be employed, but by
contract, expressed or implied'' It is the only
mode in which it lias ever been done from the foun-
dation of the Government. At first, the mode was
by letting it out to the highest bidder, but that was
found to be objectionable. Persons not competent,
and without adequate means, were m the habit
of bidding for the contract on speculation, and after-
wards either execute it improperly, or fail to exe-
cute at all. A change, m consequence, becameneces-
sary in the modeot selecting Punten., which twenty
years ago terminated in the present, to fix the rate
of compensation, and leave it to each House to se-
lect theit Printers by the vote ot a majority. Such
has been the invariable practice ever sine. It is,
m fact, as far as the present question is involved,
the same in principle with the original mode. The
only difference is, that, in the present, the rate it
fixed, and the persons selected or des gnated by
each House by a vote < í the majority; and in the
original, the lowest bid determined both the rate
and the persons. The execution, m each case, was
under contract.
The next point is, has the Senate made iw selec-
tion to do its printing fur the time specified, and
have tne persons so selected entered into a contract
to perform it? There, sir, on the table uf the Se-
cretary, lies the bond of Messrs. Blair and Rivts,
duly executed—signed, sealed, and delivered, with
adequate security, and a heavy penal sum tor the
faithful executon oí the printing, they having
been previously selected, m due form, under 'he
order of the Senate Every thing ha* been done
orderly, and according to the isvaruble practice
which has prevailed for the last twenty years, with-
out being disturbed, or que-tioned, under all the
party changes which have occurred during that
long period, until the present time.
It ¡s this contract, thus made, that this re olution
proposes to rescind, not directly, but indirectly, by
dismissing Blair and Rives as Printers to the Se-
nate, but which would be, m effect, to set aside and
¿waul their contra«t; and what would that be but a
plain and palpable violation  of contract—a naked
act of power and bad faith on our part?
Such is the inevitable consequence, from a sim-
ple statement of the points involved in the ques-
tion There can be no escape, but by denjirg that
the instrument which they have signed, and by
which they have bound themselves to execute the
printing of the body, is a contract; and to this ex-
tremity hive gentlemen been driven, against the
plain facts of the case For this purpose, they dis-
tinguish between employment and office, and insist
th„t they are not simply persons employed to do
the printing of the Senate, but that they are officers
of the body, appointed under the provisions of the
Constitution, which authorizes each House to ap-
point its own officers; and that, a^ such, they are as
liable to be dismissed as our Secretary or Door-
keeper. I do not deny that all public employments
may be regarded as offices, taking the term in its broad
sense, and offices as employment', but the distinc-
tion between them, as far as the question of contract,
or the right of dismissing at pleasure, is concern°d,
is as broad and plain as the Pennsylvania avenue.
When the business to be done is to be performed
by the person employed, it may be either one or
the other, according to circumstances. If the capi-
tal and materials belong to the person employ-
ed, if he hires the workmen, if he runs the risk of
loss and gain, he is simply an employee, and not
an officer, and the engagement between him and
the public a contract, and not 'imply a bond
far the faithful execution of official duties, as this
has been represented to be. The reason of the dif-
ference i? obvious. A reciprocal obligation in all
-uch casps, either expressed or implied, between
the employer and the emplojee, always exists, un-
less there is an express stipulation to the contrary,
and it is on such understanding of mutual obliga-
tion that the business of the community is almost
entirely conducted.
Such is the fact in this case Blair and Rives
engaged to do the printing of the Senate at their,
not our, expense Fu this pmpose a large capital
must necessarily be invested in building, printing
apparatus, and materials, accompanied by a heavy
outlay m the hire of hands and incidental expenses.
Theirs is the hazard If the building or materials
should be burnt or destroyed, if prices should rise,
so as to make it a losing concern, the loss is theirs,
not ours. And is it to be supposed that all this
hazard would be incurred without the plighted faith,
on our part, that they should continue to do our print-
ing, for the time stipulated, provided they should
faithfully perform their engagements' The con-
trary supposition would be absurd I put it to the
Senators on the opposite side, if, instead of having
the buildings and printing apparatus, they had
erected the one and purchased the other, under the
bond which they have given to execute the print-
ing, would you not regard the dismissal an act of
ero=s injustice—a violation of a fair understanding
between you and them, which justified the incur-
ring of such heavy expense on their part, as ne-
cessary to the execution of the work? And can it
make their bond more or less a contract, because
they happen to have them already m their posses-
sion? If you reverse it, and suppose the building,
the printing apparatus, and the expense and risk,
to be the public's, and not iheirs, and that they had
been elected to take the general superintendence of
a public establishment, instead of their own, then,
indeed, they would be officers in the sense you con-
tended for, and liable to be dismissed, like other
sfheers, and not mere employees to do the printing
of the Senate, as they clearly are. Such and so
wide is the difference between officers, m the proper
sense, and mere employees, as far as the question
of rescinding this contract is involved.
But it has been said that it has been decided that
they are entitled to be admitted into this chamber
on the ground that they are officers of the body.
But is there not obviously a marked distinction be-
tween that and the pimciple on whtch the question
of contract stands' In deciding by the Vice Presi-
dent the case of the right of admission, it was not
necessary to distinguish between an officer and that
of an employee, the performance of whose duty
made his presence necessary here, as much so as
if he superintended a pubhc printing establishment
as a salaried officer, and nol a private one, at their
own risk and expense, and even more so in some
respects.
It is also said that their b9nd is no more a con-
tract than that given by the collector of the customs,
or any other officer, for the faithful discharge of
duty, and which it is admitted does not permit bis
dismissal. What has already Been said is suffi-
cient to distinguish between the two cases. But
suppose the case to be reversad, and that the
collector, say of the port of New York,
instead of being a mere superintendent, to
collect the revenues of that port, at the
expense of the public, as is the case, had made
an arrangement with the Government to collect it
at his own expense and risk, for a fixed period, at a
giren rate per centum, could he, m that case, be
dismissed, so long as he faithfully performed his
engagement, without violation of contract' If
farther illustration of the difference of the two
cases be necessary, the Post Office Department will
furnish it. The two classes, officers and employ-
ee , are both to be found in that branch of service.
The deputy postmasters are of the former descrip-
tion, and can be dismissed the service without vio-
lation of contract; but very different is the case
with the persons employed to carry the mail They
do it at their own expense, and are acknowledged
to be contractor , andean, as such, only be dis-
missed, as is acknowledged, in consequence of a
positive stipulation in their con'ract to that effect.
But other grounds are assumed in attempting to
justify this lawless act of power, as I must regard
it. We are told that the other House have changed
the practice under the joint resolution of 1819 and
1329 I reply, that each House has a right to inter-
pret for itself, and it is notfor ustosay,whether they
adopted the true interpretation or not One thing,
however, is certain, that they have never yet dis-
missed their Printer, or rtiempted to do so, even
under circumstances any way similar to the pre-
sent. But, suppose they had, would that justify
us in departing from our uriform custom of
twenty years' standing, and which, no one can
doubt, is m conformity to the letter and spirit of
those resolutions? But, sir, I lay beth resolutions
out of the question in the view I have taken. I
do not inquire whether they are constitutional or
not, or whether we have, or have not, conformed
to ttiem. It is unnecessary as far as the present
question is concerned, It is sufficient that we
have a right to employ contractors to do our print-
ing, that Blair and Rives have been so employed,
and that they have entered into a written contact,
with all due solemnities, to perform their duty. If
the original resolutions be unconstitutional, or if
there be m what we have done any want of con-
formity to them, ¡t is we, and not they, who are
responsib'e. So say justice and common honesty,
as well as self respect.
But, sir, I have stated the cas>e far stronger
than is necessary for the side I support. I
might waive our undoubted right to em-
ploy persons to do our printing by contract, I
might admit it to be doubtful whether the bond
given by Bhir and Rives is a contractor not, and
whether they are in fact officers or merely employ-
ees, and yet stand on impregnable grounds m
maintaining that you have no right to pa«s this re-
solution I might rest the question on the simple
fact that you selected them as Printers, and have
entered mto a written instrument with them that
they are to do tne printing, and might concede that
it is a disputed and doubtful point whether they
are officers m the «ense you contend for, or not,
and yet show conclusively, on the soundest prin-
ciples, that we have no right to do this act. We
are one party, and they another, to this transaction—
we the powerful, and (hey the weak; and is
there any rule more fundamental, according to the
code of morals, and the principles of our free po-
litical system, than that no one has a right to judge
in his own case' Or that the right of decision, in
such cases as this,belorgs to another and appropriate
department, and not to us? To assume the re-
verse, would be to assume that one Legislature had
the right to set aside contracts entered into by its
predecessors, whenever a question of doubt can be
raised  no, still stronger, entered into by itself; for
