24$
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
citízaíi, lie cernid proudly compare with the Sena-
tor ffpta Kentucky, or any Senator on this floor by
whom he has been assailed.
But he was the conductor of a political newspa-
per, which was abusive in its character    With the
manner in which that paper was conducted, he
(Mr. King) had nothing to do    He should neither
undertake  here   to approve or condemn.    But
were they to exclude, a& Printers of the Senate,
men who conducted political, or, if you please, abu-
sive newspapers? Then they must exclude the man
who, not twenty days past, m an address delivered
on  that avenue, and published in  the National
Intelligencer, grossly msalted every man, of both
Houses of Congress, who was oppossd to the pre-
sent dominant party, by utlernag and publishing
what he must have known  to  be utterly  untrue.
Gentlemen speak of the importance of having for
Printers, men who ¡,o conduct therrselves as to
produce harmony ard good feeling in this body.
Admit ing it to oe corn ct, and he (Mr King) was
not disposed <o question .t,  would the  man  who
delivered that address, if elected Printer, produce
this kindly  fee'rig'i   He (Mr. King) knew not
who it was 'lit majority in th s body intended to
elect as Printer , but he knew that gentlemen,
actuated by politic"! hate, were running counter to
then  ('ec'aratiou ;  and were about  to  do   what
they   hal   denounced   in   such   strong   terms
The objtct cannot be mis'alcn,   it is   to  wreak
their   vengeance  on   a   poh'ical   foe,  and   pro
vide  for i po ítital U .snd.   His friend and col-
league hid just sj^ ,e-.ied an 'Jea, which he would
throw ou'    Let th   country ten  it, and let the
Senate   undtr land it     Cou'd Blair and   Rives,
having given bend, ics gn this aopmntment, with-
out the a^ent fi the Stnat?    No.   The contract
w^s made, ami thev could be held to their bond,
aid the t't ct performance of the duties they had
undertaken     They could not divest themselves of
th«ir obliga! on , (ven  if they would; yet the So
nate, one of the contrai Ung parties, was undertak-
ing, in the powei o( tl eir strength, to annul the
contrac',   tin     otlur    pirty   letuwng   to    set   it
aside       Now   he   did   think,   and   h<*    was   in
the habit  of   exortssmg   his   opinions   plainly,
that this was ih* most   high-handed, aad reck-
le«s a sumption   <t  power    that was   ever   ex-
ercised I'/ any delioerate body under ihe sun.    It
was a naiad ev rsi'-c ot powei, unmindful of jus-
tice or of law, ox  01  the sacrednes-s of contracts;
and ii gentlemen ciuld exercise that power under
such circumslanciSj it was lor them to do it, and
fir the country to understand it.   Every man in
this country who 1  engaged m eiecuung work un-
der contrat t with the Cjovernme it, will be told, in
language not toht miumderitood- "Though you do
your w<rk faithfu' y, c imply wuh your contract to
«he very 1 t er, >ou i avi no security tor a moment.
Any individual who poss" ^es weight with the domi-
nant political party,  v ho   is  influenced   to   act
against   you   by    party    hostility,    or    private
griefs, can procme the abolition of your contract,
even should it involve you in rmn."  Let ihe coun-
try but understand that as the true state of ihe ques-
tion  hert, and he (Mr   King) would  cheerfully
abide its judgment.    He (Mr. King) had already
said, and said tiuly, that it was not his Intention to
ent-r at large in'o this question.   The argument
was all on one side, and all the ingenuity ot the
Senator from Oonnccucjt [Mr. Huntis-gton] had
failed to protect his in nds from the iorce ot the
argumens «Inch had been addressed to them by
Senators en  tin    side of die house      He  (Mr.
King) was willirg 'o granfy the Senator from Con-
necticut,  aid   thro v   a.icle   the joint   resolution
of Ibid, vr ler wh ch ekctions of Public Print-
ers nad been mad > lot  mere than twenty years
But, set it   aside—rt'nt  (hat u   has   no bmd
ing force—does ¡< ajflci  this case?   Not in   the
lean Theelecti n i'   <i k n place by aSenatecom-
petent to H>atie it     \V ¿' ma tered it, then,whethei
the  'üdividual wes "<• igiia'ed under a jointreso-
iuiion ot the two  Hou*s, or  by  thr mere will of
the Senate'   The fac s that h  was legally selected,
that he has entered, mio ihe contract, and given the
nectary bond, wlveh is now  on the tibie of your
Secretary, suit stare gentlemen in the face    There
is no escaping fcom tlsem.   He trusted there was
no Senator who would seriously contend that the
majority who authorized the contract, had not the
power to do so because that majority was soon to
be placed in a minority—for upon that ground
every act of the la^t session, which the Senate in
its v.isdom had thought proper to perform, might be
§et aside because it was passed by a majority, the
political opponents of the present majority. But
he felt he was expending his strength in vain,
wearying his lungs for no good, he expected to con
vince nobody; it was settled, the fiat had gone
forth, and these men were to be sacrificed. He
warned gentlemen of the result to themselves from
this exercise of power. They had the power, and
they would exercise it. But he trusted in God it
would open the eyes of the people, and cause them
to see what they had to expect from such a reck-
less party. He (Mr King) was not one of those
who, either in public or private life, ever, by indi-
rection .accomplished any act He pursued a straight
forward course—one sanctioned by his judgment,
and approved by his conscience; and if this case
were reversed, and a proposition had been made,
under like circumstances, *o d smiss Gales and
Seaton in 1837, he would have raised his voice
against such a wanton violation of the faith of the
Ssnate, and of a solemn contract They (Mr King
and his friends) were then as much opposed politi-
cally to those individuals (Gales and Seaton) as
the honorable Senators opposite could be to the
individual now under his trial. Yes, his character
was on trial, for that was the point on which
the whole matter was made to mm. He (Mr
Blair) was on trial, without the possibility
of defending himself. An American citi-
zen, possessing equal rights with his accusers
and judges, is put on trial, his character branded
as deep as Senators on the other side could fix it,
and he,isjdemed the pnvilege,which belongs to every
freeman in this land of liberty, to be heard in his
defence Was this what they had a right to expect
from the Senate of the United States? Was this
the promised reform? Was this the high, the libe-
ral, the manly spirit which was to actuate the Whig
party? They had recently heard much throughout
the whole country (should he be permitted to call
it rant and fustian) about proscription for opinion' 
sake, and this is the first act of those gentlemen
who are exertm  their utmost energies in opposi-
tion to their own professions. Yes, but a few days
had passed, since they had heard speech after speech
denouncing proscription
What a beaatiful illustration is this procedure
of the doctrines then hid down. He was pained
to see an American Senate enter into this matter in
this spirit. He had been here long, and his asso-
ciations were of an intimate character with many
who entertained different political opinions from
himself. He could say, and no man could
gainsay it, that political diffeiences alone had ne-
ver induced him to cut off social intercourse
with those he deemed to be gentlemen. He acted
with them as gentlemen who honestly differed with
him. He held his opinions, and was willing they
should hold theirs He himselt never gave a vote
for any measure which his judgment did not
approve; lut he did not reproach others who
differed with him. This body (said Mr King)
has been called the highest tribunal of this country
—perhaps of the world. Should the Senate, then,
to get clear of a political opponent, fritter away
this high character? Should it induce this peop'e
to doubt that the Senate of the United States is the
protector of light, the frowner-down of every thing
that is wiong? He hoped not. He hoped, for the
credit of the respective States, whose sovereignty
we represent, such an example would not be set.
He would not further detain the Senate. It had
not been h s design to have said any thing, but he
could not repres> the feelings of his bosom.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky said he rose to say a
few words on a collateral po,nt. He was perfectly
aware of the relation m which he stood to the Se-
nate and to thii country. He was aware ibat he
was now, as hsretofore, to be the object of attack,
of concerted attack. He stood now, as he had
stood heretofore, firm ana erect, and ready to repel
assaults, when worthy of his notice, from whateyer
quarter they came 
He had said, in the course of his remarks yester-
day, that he believed the Globe to be an infamous
paper, and its chief editor an infamous man. He
said noihiug of gentlemen on the othei side, who
chose to vote for this editor as Printer to the Senate.
But by matter of unlawful inference and illogical
deduction, two or three had risen and undertaken
to consider that they partook of the infamy of Blair
and Rives, if they be infamous. If any one of them
had appealed to him to say whether he regarded
them as infamous because he regarded this princi-
pal ec tor as infamous, he should promptly have
said that he had no such views But no such ap-
peal was made to him, and yet the Senator who
sits in the corner yonder, [Mr Smith of Connecti-
cut,] and who must excuse him if he (Mr. Clay)
considered him unworthy of his notice, had gone
on in a course of general remarks, which were evi-
dently intended for him, (Mr. C.) He, however,
should have said noth ,ng to him, [Mr. S,] but a Sena-
tor, who he suppo ed considered himself responsible,
had gone a step further, and had chosen to class
him (Mr. Clay) with Blair, and to consider Blair
as equal to him m every point of view—in reputa-
tion and every thing else Now, this was alto-
gether an unparliamentary proceeding. Tney had
the right to comment, and in the freest manner, on
the character and standmg of penons nominated
for office, or who had come before them as these
men had done. During his long ssrvices in the Se-
nate he did not know that he had spoken of an edi-
tor, or of his newspaper, unless the matter came
up before the Senate; and when he spoke of the in-
famy of this man, he spoke of him in con-
nection with his daily libels. He scarce-
ly ever looked at a paper, edited by this
man, in which his (Mr. Clay's) name appeared,
which was not filled with untruths and misrepre-
sentations. Not long ago, this same editor called
the honorable Senator froai South Carolina, John
Catiline Calhoun, and .t was charged by ibis very
editor that it was impossible for him [Mr Cal-
houn] to speak the truth And in return, it had
been said of that editor that he looked like a gal-
vanized corpse. Now, if Ihfy were to take the
character oí this editor from what his present
friends had said of him, they would find it to be
infinitely worse than any thing he had said, bad
as it might be. But he (Mr. Clay) should be
unwilling to take the character of his (Mr.
Blair's) present friends from what he had said of
those friends., for he considered him a common li-
beller, and the Globe a libel, and for ihe Senator
from Alabama [Mr. King] to undertake to put
him on an equality with Blair, constrained him to
say that it was false, untrue, and cowardly.
Mr. KING rose and said   Mr. President, I have
no reply to make—none whatever.
Mr. SMITH rose lor the purpose of saying
but one word m answer to the Senator from Ken-
tucky. It seemed that he (Mr. Smith) was not
worthy of that SenaUr's notice.
Mr CLAY. Not at all.
Mr. SMITH. But the Senator from Kentucky
was worthy of his notice. He did not, however,
design to take a view of those characteristics of the
honorable Senator on which he (Mr Smith) pre-
sumed that Senator prided himself; but he was wil-
ling to admit, if the character of that honorable
Ssnator was to be formed from the acts of his pub-
lic and private life, he did possess a character far
more notorious, in some respects, than his,
and a character with which he (Mr. Smith) did not
desire that his should be compared. That Senator
pretended to despise htm. What was it for? He
had undertaken to say that he (Mr. Smith) had
thrown out remarks to him. But why should
that honorable Senator take any thing he
(Mr. Smith) had said, to himself? Was
it because he (Mr. Smith) had repelled as vile
slanders as ever came frovi a vile heart? Humble
as be (Mr. Smith) mi^ht he, he would not descend
to the prominent points of the character of that ho-
norable Senator, which gave him so much fame all
over the world. He (Mr. Smith) did not belong
to those walk'. If, however, the Senator thought
those prominent characteristics of his reputation
gave him a distinction of such elevation as to place
him (Mr. Smith) beneath his notice, he would íoí,
