CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
and evincing justice and candor even to political f
enemies. As conductors of newspapers, they oc-
cupy a most important citadel in defence of public
hberty. They may often prove its palladium
Meaning well, and doing well, in the main, they
are seldom guilty of that express malice, which
constitutes the essence of crime in defamation. I
doubt whether half as many real libels occur as is
usually supposed But some are inevitable In
the well regulated Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts, twenty or more years ago, the law officers of
the State were required to examine the files of a
few of the Boston papers of both po'itical parties,
during some months, and report their opinion of
the number of libels contained in them. If my
memory be net treacherous, the result was some
twenty to fifty m each paper Yet, perhaps, these,
on a fair and full hearing of all the parties, might
have dwindled down one-half, and most of the
others have been cases of hnels only from implied
malice, and from overweening confidence placed in
the statements or opinions of indi creet, though
powerful advisers. But some licentiousness, I re-
peat it, is inevitable. There will, at times, be
overaction on both political sides, co'onng—hy-
perbole. We might as rationally expect to have
the wonders of steam without any explosions, as a
free press and no libels, to have fire for warmth
and the arts, without any conflagrations ; or storms
and tempests to promote vegetation and hea th,
without any wrecks or inundations.
While the Senate ¡>hall continue to elect the edi-
tors of party papers on either side as Printers, they
might as well expect to see the play of Hamlet
performed wiihout the character of Hamlet, as to
see all its members escape criticism and censure by
their Printers But wrong is done, at their peril,
under the laws, and only under them, and in the
usual forms only, let exce'ses be corrected or pun-
ished. Removing persons from office who are fa-
vorable to ihe minority, will only change the ob
jects of attack by those who will then become the
Public Punters Attack  will then be made by the
new Printers on the minority But still, even the
majority cannot escape from them from other quar-
ters It is a delusion, either to expect it, or in any
way to discourage or prevent free discuswon, or,
as I impute no bad motives, to do acts which are
likely to possess that tendency
But the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr
Manotm] assigns a still different reason for re-
moving the present Printer It is a want of per-
sonal confidence They may, he says, for an in-
stance, disclose confidential messages But have
they ever done it heretofore? And if thej have
not, and have given a bond not to do it, and takes
an oath, also, has he a right to urge such an objec-
tion? Should they ever be guilty, the remedy by
suit on their bond, or by the revocation of their
contract, as broken on their part, would be the ob-
viously proper remedy if we now punish them
beforehand, and in a different way, we convict and
punish them, not for a crime committed, but for a
mere suspicion that one may be committed We
expel them for a possibility of wrong¡ and not for
a wrong itself. What an act for the greatest con-
stitutional tribunal of the country ' This remark
recals to my mind the only other consideration
with which I shall now trouble the Senate on this
extraordinary resolution If our employment of
these persons as Printers involves ¡he duties, obli-
gations, and rights of a contract, as well, perhaps,
as an office, it is mamfeitly not legal to remove
them on any cause, or lor any reason yet stated in
debate. Nobody contends here, in cases like this,
if amounting to contract, that one party to it can
remove the other party, or, that this body can re-
move a party to any contract running to the United
States like this, and properly made, unless that par-
ty consent*, or has first broken it, or has done some
act incompatible with its terms and character
It is not pretended that any of these have occur-
red in respect to Blair and Rives The only ques-
tion, then, remaining, is, have they, m this case,
any rights a3 contractors, or in the nature of a con-
tract? In this inquiry, if the appointment of these
Printers under the resolution of J 819 was uncon-
stitutional or illegal, as some are supposed to con-
tend, their contract then, and since entered into,
was valid, from the inherent, absolu'e, and organic
power of this body to do all necessary for the due
transaction of their business, and thus authorize
their officers to enier into such contracts for the
performance of our necessary printing, and their
case would then be that of a mere contract, nothing
but a contract, and not of an officer connected with
it, or created by enher Ihe Constitution or the
laws.
Again whether the resolution of 1819 be consti-
tutional or not, and whether the Public Printer be
an offiser or not, it can be made manifest that he is
a contractor, or has rights and duties under a con-
tract, for an officer may be also a contractor, and
may have rights in the nature of a contractor, just
as much as if he were not an officer In this case,
the nature of it, and the facts, show not only that a
contract was made, but made m the usual form,
and not, as is suggested, without authority m the
Senate to have it made
The resolution of 1819 prescribes how the print-
ing shall be done, the prices, and when the Printer
shall be designated or elected by the Senate All
these having taken place regularly, and a bond
duly executed to the United States to comply wuh
the provisionb of that act, and this having been
the piactce for near a quirter of a centurj, are
we now to be told that it is no contract, because
the Senate, as a body, cannot enter into a con-
tract?
How are our laws for erecting public buildings,
forts, etc? Do tney expressly authorize the
Piesident or the Departments to enter into contracts
todo the work? On the contrary, it is merely im-
plied, in almost every instance, from the nature of
the case, and the contract is, m almost every in-
stance, made under the superintendence of the ap
propnatt Secretaries, or suboidm? e officers, and m
the name of lbs United S'ates, as both were m this
case, and nit in the name o> th*. S-naie or of the
Departments, or by the President, or heads of De-
partments, m person The contracts, on such oc-
casions, are also signed but by one party,
or are, by a bond of one party, to deliver mate-
rials, or do work, as here, and referring to a Jaw
for particulars, or annexing a schedule of them
But m whichever form, they are in essence equa ly
contracts and binding, or all our obligations of this
kind, from the foundation of the Government, are
invalid
Again it is said by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mi Preston,] that there can be no
contractor or contract where there is aa election of
an individual But ik this instance, the election of
a part colar person to have the contract has been
substituted for the lowest bidder, formerly in use
with a view merely te fix who should have the
contract This has been done to procure what the
member from North Carolina [Mr. MansomJ con-
siders so indispensable—i e a Printer who, when
selected, has the confidence of the body
This la the wnole amodnt of the eie"tion m the
present cace Its essence or subs anee—and we
are now looking beyona forms—is a mere designa-
tion of the person who, at he time of the election,
has the confidence or prf ference of the body io re-
ceive the contract, instead ot the lowest bidder
Besides this consideraron, several ciasses of ofii
cers exist, as beiore sta'ed, who may be contrac-
tors, or possess r ghts, m tne na'ure of a contract,
as well as any othir person, and sull be officers
The case of Dartmouth College and Woodward
—(4 Wheaton Rep p 657)—is very full on this
point. It wa? more familiar to most profes-
sional gentlemen twenty years ago than now, or
they never would have insisted, on this occasion,
that th°re could b~ no contract where a person had
been elected, or was in any sen&e an officer. I say
nothing of the correctness of the law of that case as
to the distinctions between public and private ebar-
ers, or as to some oiher positions
But I read from it a few passages, to show how
much wider a range is there, judicially, given to
the meaning of contracts, and ngh's held under
contract-., than the Senators from Delaware
or South Carolina have seemed to suppose
The case itself arose under that clause m the Con-
stitution, which bears directly on the present
discussion, and which provides that no State shall
pass any "laws impairing the obligation of con-
tracts "—(Art 1, seb. 9 )
The Confederation took it for granted, that Corf*
gress itself, or either House, would, in theát more
letired, elevated and cautious position, never do
any act impairing the obligation of contracts, and
heace,extended the express prohibition to the States
alone There was danger from them in. rh* efe
cumstance, expressed by a member, that the *W
ber people of America, had seen wuh regret £nd
with indignation, that sudden changes and legisla-
tive interference, in cases affecting present ngjjts,
because jobs, in the hands of enterprising and in-
fluential speculator  " The clause was introduced
"to shield themselves and their property from the
effects of tho e sudden and strong passions to which
man are exposed" (6 Cranch. 87) Similar
dangers, it now seems, may, unexpectedly, arise
hfre as with the States, but justice requires
me to add, that none of the gentlemen on the appo-
site side, are understood to claim the right to annul
i contracts in Congress any more than in the States,
though some of them have, I think, very unfortu-
nately, spoken of paying large or small damage?,
if they should annul contracts. They will, how-
ever, Snd that ¡f  the deplorable violation  once
1  takes place, m the flush of v ctory, and in the hot
| blood of passion, any reparation m damages will
be but a feeble atonement for violated faith, and a
I, stigma will be fixed on the character of the Repub-
lic, which ages cannot remove The damnmg deed
will be done. The litt'e ciedit Ipftof the States
will be lost, and the high credit of the Union
prostrated. The De Tocquevilles and Cheva-
liers may have to write a new warning to
the advocates of free principles abroad, and a
new chapter of burning shame tu us on the rash-
ness «ind reckless injustice <f party madness under
| free in Utuuons But again it it said, we can re-
pair damages Wnat" we to be lavish of the peo-
ple's money t) repair thi. damages we ourselves
have commtteu?    What justice and economy'
1 Who, also, are to fix or estimate the damages?
The party doing the wrong as the Senate cannot
be sued What an impartial remedy! The end
of such a beginning, under the new Administration,
can more easily be imagined than «een.
What disastrous coming events thus cast their thy-
áows beferei Is this ihe first act ¡n a drama that is
to advance in prosenpttve violence, like the tragic
i  scenes enac ed in the Italian Republics of the mid-
I   die ages? Are our historians and poets, if, unfor-
tuna'Uy, politicians, to lie, like Dante, not only
II   proscnb d, but bani'hfd?   Is confiscation to fol-
I low m case rf contracts and property, and some
apologv to b° offered ,by talking of damages (s imaied
by the mj mng pariy now or paid at some future
j  period, after hope long deferred, and when victory
I  shall hang in tne ether side of the" acales?
|      Of one thirg, thank God' I feel satisfied—that,
bo  ever violent causes may increase and inflame
' as they move onward, j et the atrocities of party
rage evtneed by fema!e> m some former Republics
can never be re/ned in ours    In the ruthless pro-
scription of triumvirates, ntne of our fair country-
women can ever, I trust, under the humanity, sym-
pathv, and benevohncs of Chrutian education, call
for the proscribed head of a political  opponent,
and,  in  impotent madness, p erce his dead tongue
I  with a brdkin, in revenge for h s philippics uttered
'  against demagogues, profligates, and usurpers
But one moment to   v e decision of eurhighest
judicial tribunal, as to wnat constitutes a contract,
rather than to the 'exicographers and looser defini-
j  tions profieied on the other side
The decision ip the case of Woodward and the
)  Dartmouth College, was not that indentures, mutu-
ally signed b*- two parties, or unsealed agreements
,  so signed, . one constitute contracts, as some defi-
'  nitiors read  \em  to imply    But  Chief Justice
Marshal, m that case, which was a mere charter
by a Provincial Governor, to a few persons, as  of-
ficen of a literary institution, declared, that "the
i  opinio i of the court, rfer mature deliberation, is,
'  that tl is is a con'ract, the obligation of which caono'
be impaired without vio'atme; the Con titution."
(page 650 )   Again (page 656 ) "a grant is a con-
tract "   So are said to be all the private corpora-
tions, such as banks,   turnpikes, and  railroads,
