2__________________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.__________________Dec. 1840.
26th Cong-...2nd Sess.                                          Message of the President.                          _____________Sen. & H. of Reps.
received which justifies the hope of an early ad-
justment of the remaiaing claims upon that Govern-
ment.
The commissioners appointed in pursuance of
the convention between the United States and
Texas, for marking the boundary between them,
have, according to the last report received from our
CommissiGrer, surveyed and established the
whole extent of boundary north along the
western bank of the Sabine rivsr, from its en-
trance into the Gulf of Mexico to the thirty-se-
cond degree of north latitude. The commission
adjourned on the 16th of June last, to reassemble
en the 1st of November, for the purpose of esta-
blishing accurately the intersection of the thirty-
second degree of latitude with the western bank of
the Sabine, and the meridian line thence 'o Red
river. It is presumed that the work will be con-
cluded in the present season.
The present sound condition of their finances,
and the success wiih which em^arrasíments in re-
gard to them, at times apparently insurmountable,
have been overcome, are makers upon which the
people and the Government of the United States
may well congratulate themselve . An oveiflo st-
ing Treasury, however it may be regarded as an
evidence of public prespeiity, is seldom conducive
to the permanent welfare of any people; and ex-
perience has demonstrated its ¡incompatibility with
the salutary action of political institutions like
those of the United States. Our safest reliance for
financial efficiency and independence has-, on the
contrary, been found > to exist m ample resources
unencumbered with d^bt; and, in this respect, the
Federal Government occupies a singulaily fortu-
nate and truly enviable position.
^ When I enteied upon the di charge of my ofli-
f.ial duties in March, 1837, the act ¡or the -iisiri-
bution of the swplus revenue was in a c< urse
of rapid execution. Nearly twenty-eight millions
of dollars of the public moneys were, in pursuance
of its provisions, deposited with the States in
the months of January, April, and July, of that
year. In May there occurred a genera! sus-
pension of specie payments by thebanks.including,
with very few exceptions, those in which the pub-
lic moneys were deposited, and upon whose
fidelity the Government had unfot tunately made
itself dependent for iha revenues which had been
collected from the pet>p!e, and were indispensable
to the public serv.ee This suspension, and the
excesses in banking and commerce out of which
it arose, and which wsre gteatly sggrava'ed by its
occurrence, made, to a great extent, unavailable
the principal part of the publie. money then on
hand; suspended the collection of many millions
accruing on merchants' bonds, and greatly reduced
the revenue arising from customs and the public
lands. These effects have continued to operate, in
various degrees, to the present period; and, in addi-
tion to the decrease in the revenue thus produced,
two and a half millions of duties have been relin-
quished by two biennial reductions under the act
of 1833, and probably as- much more upon the im-
portation of iron for railroads, by fp^cial legisla-
tion.
Whilst such has been our condition for the
last four years in relation to revenue, we have,
during the same period, been subject'-d to an un-
avoidable continuance of large extraordinary ex-
penses necessarily growing out of past transac-
tions, and which could not be immediately ar-
rested without great prejudice to the public inte-
rest. Of these, the charge upon the Trea xuy, in
consequence of the Cherokee treaty alone, without
adverting to others arising out of Indian treaties
has already exceeded five millions of dollars: that
for the prosecution of measures for the removal of
the Seminole Indians, which were found in pro-
gress, has been nearly fourteen millions; and the
public buildings have required the unuteial sum of
nearly three millions.
It affords me, however, great pleasure to be able
to say, that, from the commencement of this pe-
riod to the present day, every demand upon the
Government, at home or abroad, has been prompt-
ly met. This has been done, not only without cre-
ating a permanent debt, or a resort to additional
taxation m any form, bat in the midst of a «teadily-
progrsssiye reduetio  of existing burdens upon the
people, leaving still a considerable ba'ance of
available funds which will remain in ihe Treasury
at the end of the year. The small amount of
Treasury notes, not exceeding four and a half mil-
lions of dollars, still outstanding, and less by twen-
ty-three millions than the United States have in de-
posite with the Sta'es, is comp >sed of such only as
are not yet due, or have not been presented for
payment. They may be redeemed out of the ac-
cruing revenue, if the expenditures do not exceed
the amount within which they may, it is thought,
be kept without prejudice to the public interest, and
the revenue shail prove to be as large as may justly
be anticipated.
Among the reflections arising from the con'em-
plation of theee circums'ances, one, not the least
gratifying, is the consciousness that the Govern-
ment had the resolution and the ability to adhere,
in every emergency, to the sacred obligations of
law; to execute all i's contracts according to the
requirements of the Constitution, and thus to pre-
sent, when most needed, a rallying point by which
the business of the whole country might be brought
back to a s¿fe and unvarying standard—a result
vitally important as well to the interests as to the
morals of the people. There can surely now be
no difference of opinion in regard to the in-
calculable evils that would have arisen if the
Government, at that critical moment, had suf-
fered itself to be deterred from upholding
the only true standard of value, either by
the pressure of adverse circumstances or the
violence of unmerited denunciation. Tae manner
in which th^ pe«p'e sustained the performance of
th;s duty was highly honorable to their fortitude
and patriotism. It cannot fail to slimulate their
agents to adhere, under all circumstances, to the
Ine of dutj; and to satisfy ihem of ti;e safety with
which a course really light, and demanded by a fi-
nancial crisis, may, -n a community like ours, be
pursued, however appaiently severe its immediate
operation.
The policy of the Federal Government, in extin-
guishing as rapidly as possible the national debt,
and, subsequently, in resisting every temptation to
create a new one, deserves to be regarded in the
same favorable light. Among the many objections
to a national deb', the certain tendency of public
securities to concentrate ultimately in the coffers of
foreign stockholders, is one which is every day
gathering «tr-ngih. Already have the resources of
many ot the States, and the future industry of their
ciitzens, been indefinitely mortgaged to the subjects
of European Governments, to the amount of twelve
millions annually, to pay the constantly accruing
interest on borrowed money—a sum exceeding half
the ordinary revenues of the whole United States.
The pretext which this relation affords to foreigners
to scrutinize the management of our domestic af-
fairs, if not actually to intermeddle with them,
presents a subject for earnest attention, not to say
of series alarm. Fortunately, the Federal Go-
vernment, viith the exception of an obligalirn en-
tered into in behalf of the District of Columbia,
which must soon be discharged, is wholly exempt
from any such embarrassment. It is also, as is be-
lieved, the only Government which, having fully
and faithfully paid all its creditors, has also reliev-
ed itself entirely from debt. To maintain a dis-
tinction so desirable, and so honorable to our na-
tional chara-' ter, should be an object of earnost soli-
citude. Never should a fiee people, if it be possible to
avoid it, expose themselves to the necessity of hav-
ing io treat of the peace, ihe honor, or the safety of
the Republic, with the Governments of foreign
creditors, who, however well disposed they may be
to cultivate with us in general friendly relations,
are nevertheless, by the law of their own condi-
tion, made hostile to the success and permanency
of political institutions like ours. Most humiliat-
ing may be the embarrassments consequent upon
such a condition. AcothT objection, scarcely less
formidable, to the commencement of a new deb',
is its inevitable tendency to increase in magnitude,
and to foster national extravagance, He has been
an unprofitable observer of event?, who needs at
this day to be admonished of the difficulties which
a Government, habitually dependent on loans to
sustain its ordinary expenditures, has to encounter
in resisting the influences constantly exerud' in fa-
vor of additional loans; by capitalists, who enrich
themselves by Government securities for amounts
much exceeding the money they actually advancs
—a prolific source of individual aggrandizement
in all borrowing countries; by stockholdsrs, who
seek their gains in the rise and fall of public stocks;
and by the selfish importunities of applicants for
appropriations for works avowedly for the accom-
modation of the public, but the real objects of
whicrrare, too frequently, the advancement of pri-
vate interests. The known necessity which ?o ma-
ny of the S ates will be under to impose taxes for
the payment of the interest on their debts, furnish-
es an additional and very cogent reason why the
Federal Government should refrain from creating
a national debt, by which the people would be ex-
posed to double taxation for a similar object. We
possess within ourselves ample lesources for every
emergency; and we may be quite sure that our
citizens, in no future exigency, will be unwilling
to supply the Government with all the means
asked for the defence of the country. In time of
peace there can, at all events, be no justification
for the creation of a permanent debt by the Federal
Government. Its limited range of constitutional
duties may certainly, under such circumstances, be
performed without such a resort. It has, it is seen,
been avoided during four years of greater fiscal
difficulties than have existed in a similar period
since the adoption of the Constitution, and one
also remarkable for the occurrence of extraordi-
nary causes of expenditures.
But to accomplish so desirable an object, two
things are indispensable: first, that the action ef the
Federal Government be kept within the bounda-
ries prescribed by its founders, and, secondly, that
all appropriations for objec s admitted to be con-
stitutional, and the expenditure of them also, be
subjected to a standard of rigid but well considered
and practical economy. The first depends chiefly
on the people theimelves, the opinions Ihey form of
the true construction of the Constitution, and the
confidence they repose in the political sentiments
of those they select as their representatives in the
Federal Legislature; the second rests upon the
fdelity with which their more immediate repra.
sentatives, and other public functionaries, dis-
charge the trusts committed to them. The duty
ef economizing the expenses of the public service
is admitted on all hands; yet there are few subjects
upon which there exists a wider d-fference of
opinion than is constantly manifested in regard
to the fidelity with which that duty is dis-
charged. Neither diversity of sentiment, nor
even mutual recriminations, upon a point in
respect to which the public mind is so
justly sensitive, can well be entirely avoided; and
least so at periods of great political excitement.
An intelligent people, bo« ever, seldom fail to ar-
rive, in the end, at correct conclusions in such a
matter. Practical economy in the management of
public affairs can have no adverse influence to con-
tend with more powerful than a large surplus reve-
nue; and the unusually large appropriations for
1837 may, without doubt, independently of the ex-
traordinary requisitions for the public service grow-
ing out of the stats of our Indian relations, be, in
no incensiderable degree, traced to this source.
The sudden and rapid distribution of the large sur-
plus then in the Treasury, and the equally sudden
and unprecedentedly severe revulsion in the com-
merce and business of the country, pointing with
unerring certainty to a great and protracted reduc-
tion of the revenue, strengthened the propriety of
the earliest practicable reduction of the public ex-
penditures.
But, to change a system opera'ing upon so large
a surface, and applicable to such numerous and di-
versified interests and objects, was more than the
work of a day. The attention of every depart-
ment of the Government was immediately, and in
good faith, directed to that end; and has been so
continued to the present moment. The estimates
and appropriations for the year 1838 (the first over
which I had any control) were ¡«oaiewhat diminish-
ed. The expenditures of 1839 were reduced six
millions of dollars. Those of 1840, exclusive of
disbursements for public debt and trust claims, will
probably not exceed twenty-two and a half millions;
being between two and three millions less than those
