APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1840.
26th Cong-."1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sen. &H. of Reps.
This will make the aggregate of paj -
menls or expenditures of all kind's 26 643,656 12
Leaving an available   balance   of
money in the Treasury on the 31st
December, 1840, computed to be    1,590,855 83
128,234 512 01
The funds oa hand, considered not availab e for
public purposes, at the commencement as weii as
cloie of the present year, are described particularly
11 the statement annexed
Previous to the close of the year, should Congress
pass any new appropriations which may b imme-
aiately "expended, an additional charge to that ex-
tent will thus be imposed on 1840, and if amount-
ing to any considerable sum, it might ¡ rudenlly be
accompanied by some provision ot new rntans suf-
ficient for its payment.
III. The condition of the publií debt next de-
mands consideration.
An exhibit of the particulars of it, whether
funded or unfunded, and of the payments made
wifhij the year on account of both, is annexed.
Probably none of the former kind ol debt exists
which is due, except what bas been foi^onen, er
the evidence of it mislaid, as all ever claimed,
whether incurred in the Revolution, or since, has
been promptly discharged. It is fortunate that no
new debt of a permanent charac er h^s been re-
cently created by the General Government, and
the undersigned, for reasons 'brmerly explained,
which need not be here repeated, has uniformly
considered it sound policy never to incur one in
time of peace. But it will be recollected that Ce n
gress, by an act parsed in May, 1836, engaged,
under special conditions, to make payment of a
debt due from the cties of the Disinct of Co-
iumb a to certain individuals abroad
The principal amounted of $1 500,600, and was
to be paid m yearly instalments oí §60 000
each, beginning the 1st ef January, 1841 But
the interest was payable quarterly, and, during the
last four year', has been regularly d sebarged by
the Treasury.
Wtthm the past year, notice has bsen received
from the agent of the creditors that payment of the
first and subsequent instalments of the principal is
desired to be made, when due, v;i h puncmality
To insure a compl anee with that wish, it will be
necessary, besides mee'mg the interest quarterly,
to advance $60,000 of theprncipal at the com-
mencement ot the ensuing jear, and the íesidae
mast be paid, in like amounts, annually hereafter,
till the whole is discharged.
The canal s'ocks, assigned to secure these pay-
ments, can, by the terms of the sgieement, te sold
to aid in reimbursing them. Bat, in the first in
stance, the money is to be tak n from the Treasu-
ry, under existing laws, wh ch aipiopnae .uffi-
cient to discharge all outstanding deb's, and a ^ale,
if able to be made afterwards, must probably be at
a great sacrifice. Congrcs may then fore, m its
wisdom, think further legislation on the &u! j ct
expedient.
This is all the funded debt no' due, and like-
wise all of it not paid, except, as before explained,
the inconsiderable portions never } et de nand< d
In respect to the unfunded d bt ^ucb s na I
parts as were created previous to 1837, up i sti'i
remain unsansfied, must, it is pree-u s.ed, be in
tnat condition from some accident, which ha^ pre-
vented a request to be made for payment.
Nor has any of it, which was incurred unce,
fallen due, wijiout being discharged whenever
claimed.
The whole balance of the four emissiors of Trea-
sury notes made since October, 1837, which w<,s
outstanding on the 1st instant, amoun «.d oniy to
#4,433,823. This is but $1,675 488 more than at
the close tf 1839, notwithstanding the great deel Be
in our revenue since, and the unexpectedly large
expenditures of old appropriations connected wi°h
the Flcida war, and the funher adjustment of
claims in behalf of Indians.
Had these events not happened, less even than
that amoun* of nrtes would have been issued, and
the Treasury might, with esse, have redeemed
within the year all that were outstanding.
I eonld have d« ne the same, also, with most of
•h'io, had Conjie^s, a tne last session, passed hü
dec! iatory ac c acern ng tie tariff, modified lha
sy«l°m of drawbacks to correspond with t'.e ex st-
ing da'ies, . ni adop ed the propestt ons rri^de for
gradua'ir-g tie price of the public ¡aids, as well as
terming r.ew land d'stnet*.
It mmt be gratifying to learn, however, that,
though is *o.nrroJed by the failure if tho^e mea-
sure-, ard tie untxpecied en,umsiances before
eium'-ratcd, tne Department has been enabled, by
o'her means unler its cot 'rol, to tedeum eveiy note
presente', and to pay, with punctuality, al debts
that ha'^e falKn due
The credit of the Gen ral Government has thus
thus been preserved 'o high, that, instead of sacri-
fices its scmirit es at large divounts, as in this and
forei n nations s me have been comp lie! to do
wuh public stocks, tne Treasury notes have coiii-
nu-d at par d ring the year, though nevei beam g
an mlere.t I ¡gher ih,in 5 2-5 per cent, and sub-
ject even to ti~ stoppage oí tha , after sixty d«ys'
notice.
In fine, on a review of the whole subject, our
suuation respecting a public debt of gny kind w 11
be found a mo>t favored one K'gaivea as an m-
d cation either of the good state of the national
cred ', or the ample resourcss of the General Go-
vernment, or the discreet legislation ulauve to its
fiscal concerní,, it will be difficult to discover many
eras more pro parous in thes3 respecs, whether in
the annali of this or any other cjiinirv.
IV. Tne cepirts and uipoits within the }eir
endi'g Sspfember 30, 1840 exhibit evrral striking
peculiarities Win e th- foreign ecmaieice of the
co mtry co islilutes the chief b¿ is ot the revenue
ot the General Government, and is md cative of
I'^ceiclof ur uiplas ptoduee, the sta stical re
tuns n re ".tun t) rx -tbje-t mu t exci e c n lant
ftM¡ ion anorgs, a s inn an I po ii „al economist,,
as «ell as merchan s
The expiris riu i"g the je?r are computed to
have been $131571,950 This amount is
qu te $10,543 534 .no'e ihan in 1839, notwithstand-
ing the reduc"d rrice of soma of our g'eat staples,
and is larger than ever existed before m tur hi -
tory.
Of the whole export , only $17,809,333 were of
fo,p ga origii Th'S leit those of domestic origin
at $113 763,617, being $6,845,937 moie thau in
any previous year.
The import da- n  1°40 were-bout $104,805,891.
T us «hows the great failing off from the previous
}ear of $57,236 241. It furn'shes, likewise, the
principa expbnation of the extraordinary dimmu
tion whicn has occurred in the revenue from cus-
tom", a diminution, hoievr, which has b->en
causee1, in pprt, by evas ons of the law«, new judi-
cial constiueticii-. left uncorrected, and ihe pay-
ment of too large sums for boun'ies and drawbacks,
undei an omi ioi in ths existing tariff to reduce
them m a ra'io equal to the reduction going on in
the duties
Th  d fference between our export  ¡>nd i nports
h s usually b en in f vor of th  la ter Several
ysars ago it rinse I that way about seven m>lhons
cf dollars annja lr, but of lat% the average has
ns°n to tear iwenty n> 1 tons annually, the excels
if import rvvm< bee" in ]8S6e«'en, ¿61,316,995,
F"l in 1839 $41 061,716. But d iring 1840, 'he
extra i dinar, oecurrence of a re> ei^e in this s*ate
o tt lPgs h is taken pi  ce Such a c rci.mstance as
he e. p<.rt\ «.tal1 exceeding th<" 'mpor's, is bel eved
to 'iave ha feteá previoi"-1; c'y -ix t mes since
the Constitu .ot w adop ed, and ther, n*ver o an
ex cm bf'ond «,7 J16 q31 Nov, bo sever, with
oct aiv it ft t >i, a d in °orne lTportant artic'es
under a c n rae i *i o pr cs, the excess of cx-
poits is not oily more 'ban ever wet known before,
h ii quite ih.ce'old grea e>, te ng computed to equal
$16,766,059
Tu s exc ss having failed to prodpee the usual
corre ponding mce^c of impirt , b„t, on the con
Irar5, having oeen ace mpamed by a diminu'ion
rever previeusly equalled in amount, except under
the mfluei ce- of the embargo in 1818, the whole
matter furnishes ano'her proof of the hazardous
fluctuations in the chief source of our present reve-
nue, which Congress has been requested so repeat-
edly to guard agairst by «orne permanent provision.
It is also a strong ihustranon of 'hi probability
of the conjecture expiessed m ¡he last annual re-
port, that the country had become a'armmgly in-
debted abroad; ía part on ordinary mercantile
credit, but cbiefly on s'ocks ot corporations and
States.
To meet what would soon bs due for interest
alore, it «asihen supposed would require twelve
or thirteen millions of the exports, and which, m
that event, would of course furnish no returns in
imports. The same result must follow yearly, till
the old stocks are redeemed, unless new ones can,
for some ,time longer, be sold, and the difficul-
ty be thus deferred, though merely at the ex-
pense of increasing the whole ultimate mdebted-
ne's.
But it is a «ource of great satisfaction to witness
the indications which the unprecedented amount of
export?, during the last lour years, has given of the
continued prorpenty of the country.
No'w.thstanding some depressions in particular
branches of business, or in particular places, the
general prosperity has been such as to create a
large surp'us of products, and to enable us to send
abre ad immense and mcieased values of them,
however great the complaints have been as to low
prices.
These official records are some of the most au-
thentic tests of truth, am'dst contradictory conjec-
tures on torics like these. They show that we have
been able to spare, in exports of domestic produc-
tions during the last four years, quite $408,894 743
in va'ue, while m no pr-vious term of that length,
«irce the adoption of the Conbtitution, havelh^y
exceeded $359,447,622 Except in the last two
series oí tour )eais, they have never gone beyond
$239,576 749, or, not two thuds as high ?s from
1837 to 1840 The whole tcrnage of the country
has aho advanced withm the fiur years past,
more than 20,000 tons
Seldom, 'ndeed, if ever, has the navigating inte-
rest, one of thegieit exporents of our weaLh and
increased commerce, b°en so prosperous as with-
in the last twelve months.
It is true that a portion of the increase in exports
may be attributable to some alteration in the ha-
bits of the community, not eonnecied wifh additional
wealth.
The disposition in families to rely less on their
own resource', and <btain mere by means of mer-
cantile exchanges abre ad as well as at home,
has, without doubt, grown more rapidly of late
years than formerly, and tended to augment both
the imports and exports beyond what the real in-
crease in the amount of products would indicate.
Yst the great excels of exports during the last few
years, over those ot prevous times, cinnot all have
an-en fiom the e circums snees. Granting, how-
ever, that some of it ba--, the consequences to that
extent, and in another vieiv of the subject, are not
so well calculated to exci'e gratification. Tne in-
creased dependence wh ch the change of habits, in
selling and buying eo much mere of what is con-
sumed, has cccasioned between different countries
and these engag d m d ffcrent avocations, as well
as the increased cr-dit thus demanded through
many new ramifications, and the greater subjec-
tion tlus produced of almost every pir^uit to the
evi's attendant on fljciLations'in prices, on bank
expansions, and revulsions m commerce have pro-
bably exercised an influence on he e/ents of the
last four years not mc ns derab'e nor salutary,
Qombmed with other causes, they mus' certainly
have tended to effect a wide and unfavorable alte-
ration in public manners, and rray, in time, inflict
an injury on the morals and character of the na-
tion, which will more than counterbalance all the
gains in wealth
V. The estimates of the repipis and expendi-
tures for 1841 next demand at e'tion
The actual receipts and expen Inures in that year
can, of course, b  *o regula e 1 by Congress,
through new leg sialic n, as to reach nearly any
amount ¡t may deem proper But ihe undersigned
can neither increase nor d mmish them; though a
duty n developed on h m, in re pect to the subject,
while at the head of the Treasury, wh ch he now
