14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1840.
26th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
Report of the Postmas er General.
Sen, & H. of Reps-
dental to this hazardous enterprise, returned to
Sydney the 11th of March, 1840, wh re he was
joined by the Peacock and Porpoise, the former of
which bad been m imminent danger fioni coming
in contact with an island of ice. Lieutenant
Wilkes speaks in the highest terms of ths conduct
of the officers and crews ot the Expedi'ion At
the last dates, the 6 h of April, he was at ihe tay
of islands, New Zealand, whence he was shortly to
proceed to carry out his ins ructions.
The steam frigate Fulton his been emp'oyed
during the past season in experimenting with Paix
han guns and shot, under the direct on of Captan
Perry, and with a view 10 afford as many officers
as possible an opportunity of beeom ng acquainted
with the practice of gunnerj, as large a numler of
supernumeiaries hare been at ached to her as sh'
could accommodate Tne reports of Captain Per-
ry present v<=ry interesting results, and it is con-
templated to continue the experiments for tvc pur-
pose of demtn tra'mg ths relative advantages oí
the Paixhan guns and those m ordmaiy use, as
well as affording a useful practice to our na\al of-
ficers, by attaching them in succ saioi to ds
vessel.
The surveys on the Southern coast of the Uni ed
States, directed by the act of the 3d of March,
1837, have been completed under the supenmend-
ence of Lieutenant Glynn, and it is expected ihu
the Department will be enabled to lay before Con-
gress either at or shortly after the commencement
of the session, complete charts of all the porfs and
places which have been surveyed.
The brig Consort, under the command of Lieu-
tenant Powell, is now occupied in surveyirg the
coast froTí the bay of Apilachicola to the bou h
of the Mississippi, as directed by fie act malr ng
appropriations for tne nava! service,approv d July
20, 1840.
The sloop of v>sr Preble, Commander Pieese,
has been employed on the coast cf Newfound-
land and Labrador, during the late n>hng 'cason,
in protecting the rights and interests of Ame ican
citizens engaged in the fisheries On the te. mina-
«on of the cruise she returned to Ponland, whence
she was ordered to B iston for examination previ-
ous to being sent on foreign service.
The br g Dolphin, Lieutenant Bell, anJ the
schooner Grampus, Lieutenant Paine, have bem
employed on the coast of Africa, in the supprec-
sion of the slave ira ie. Tney retired at the
commencement of the sickly season, ani bave
since sai ed in pursuit of the samp object. The
presence of these vessels on t"e s'ave c ast, dur-
ing the seaeoi in which this disgraceful traffic is
carr.ad on, will in all piobabihty in a gteat degree
arrest its progress,  o far as it h is been prosecuted
by the assumption tí the American flar, and do
much to relieve the nation from the uni>er te I stig
ma of participa'me in a trade equally in vi lauon
of the laws ot the United S ates and th" policy of
their Government. Prom tre rep >rt of Lieu'e an s
Bell and Paire it appears that the traffic in slaves
i  now carried on pnnc piliy ui, ter Portugu se co-
lors, through the medium of slave tdtions, as ihey
are dpnomuii ed, established at d fferent points of
the coast, under ihe p'olection of the • eighboring
native chiefs, who furnish the J. ves and receive
in re urn goods manuf e'urxd in E .glanJ exp'ess-
ly for this purpose Hen- the slaves are co'lec ed
until an opportuni y offers for the s]aVer to ap
proach the land under co/er oi night, and receive
them on board. Botn others are of opimot. that
so Jong as líese it'ti^ns aie permitted to exist, and
this barter earned on, all attpmpts effectually to ar-
rest the traffie in slaves will end in admim bring
only partial remedies, which wiU but asgravate the
disease There can be h tie doubi that the num-
ber of slaves transponed from Amca is nc?
greater than it it was p e/ious to the adop in oi
measures for its prevention and pumshmen', which
it would seem have ser/ed no oiher purpose than
to exei'e the cupidity of unprinc pled adven urer*,
by mc easing the value oí slaves, and thus pre-
senting temptations whictj overpower all appiehen-
sion ot consequences.
Dunsg the past year three small schooners, the
Flirt, the Wave, and the Otsego, which haá teen
previously procu-ed and employee! by the War
Department, under the act making appropr ations
for suppres log Indian hostilities, approved 3d
March, 1839, having been placed under the direc
lion of this Department, were employed oi the
coast of Florida, under Litu'enant McLaighhn.
That officer lately re'urned to the North in the Flirt,
bring,ng with him the men whose terms of service
had expired, together with the sick and disabled
attached to the expedition. He hes since -ailed
With men sufficient to complete the complement of
p\l his vesseh, as well as for boat s rvice An
addit.onal number of marines has also been at-
tached to his command, wi'h a Mew to operations
on land against tne Indians, as well as the proteo
tion of ihe lives and p operty of the citizens, and
ihe preventimo' the introduction of supplies for
th<> use of the enemy.
The two s earn frigates commet ced under the
sec md section of the act approved 3d March,
1839, one at New York, ths other at Phil?delph a,
have been so far completed that the former will
be ready for launching in a few day, and the
la'ter in the enduing spring, a  soon .is the Dela-
ware is free fiom ice The engines and bo.lers
are al°o m a course of speedy completion, and
when finished, will ta placed on board, and ihe
vessels prepared (or service witnout delay.
The apprentice system continues ^operation;
and thus far, its tesults are highly tatisfactory.
Tht conduct of the young lads is generally ex-
emplary, and such u their rap d progress in the
art of seamanship, that by the tim«- they are of
age fors a service, our commanders generally pre-
fer them to older seamen. I take this occasion to
recommend ihat this sjstem be fostered to the ut-
most extent of which it is suscept ble, being fully
opin on that it present one great means of
of partially, at least, remedying hat ir creasing
scircityoi cornpe erit petty cfPeers and able sea-
men, which greatly embarrasses the operations of
the navy, delajs the sailing of our public vesses,
and places the defence rf ihe horor and interests
of the United States under the pro'ection cf crew?,
a great portion oí which are forenaers.
This scarcity of seamen for t>e us sof the navy
is, I apprehend, owing to the high wpges they re-
ceive in the merchant service, ant1 the comparat ve-
ly -h rt periods of lheir engagements in commer-
cial vovage1; to the absence of an apprentice sys-
tem in the m rrantile marine; and t! e dischfige of
s amen wKen their terms have empire 1 on foreign
stat.on^, where the s ductions of climate ai d the
allurements of pleasure attach them *o the soil, and
whence many of them never return, or return co
enervated as to be comparatively unfit for active
service The inquiries I have instituted result in
the fact that many of our seanfcn are now scattered
amorg the islands of the Pac fie, and on the coast
of Sjuih America; and though directions have beei
guíen to redimí them whenever it may be found
practicable, there can be littl" doub' that a lar e
number are thus irretrievably lost to their country.
I have also sufficient lesson to believe that the mo-
aification of ihe n?vy íation, which was proposed
to Congress, but which has not been definitely acted
on, wou'd, if adopted, contribute .na enally to at
t^ch our seamen more permane tly to the service,
and I take this occasion earnesny to request that
ths early attention of Congress may be mvi ed 'o
this subject genera'ly, as one of Vital importance to
tne w ell being of t ie navy.
T.ieaccoi,.pinjin<rr portandlelt rfromtr.eCorn-
mi't oner ot Pens ons,exhib ttne i urab roí pasion-
era, he amouitof ihoir pensions, a"d the meats now
remaining et my uisp< sal to meet tbo e wh ch may
bicorne due the 3 t of Januai> and Isi cf July,
1841. From t^ese documents i' will appear that
under the op ratio" ol the navy pensi n laws, and
most espec.ally that of the 3J oi March, 1837, the
navy pension mnd, whica at tie period of
its pa sage amounted to upwards of a million of
dollars, the annual imeiest of which wai sufficient
*o meet all t'enunds-, now consists of one hundred
thousand dolía s in Cmcmnatti five per cent, stock,
pr<.atly deoreciated, fourteen thousand dollars of
stick of the Bink of Washington, in the same
situation, thirtj-three thousand tiree hundred and
thirty-mne dollars five per cent steck of the city
| of Washington, and eleven thousand four hundred
dollars of stock of the Union Bank of Geo-getown,
the latter t tally unsaleable at this time
By the same statement it appears that the sum of
onehundred and fiiiy-cn> thausand three hundred
and fifty-two dollars and thirty nine cent?, will
be required m the course of the year 1841, to meet
demands arising out of the present pension list, and
Ihat consequently, either an appropriation of that
sum, during the present session, must be made, or
tne pensioners will remain unpaid, and ihe faith of
the nation, which was p'edged to make good
any deficiency in this fund, remain unredeemed.
The estimates which accompany this report have
been prepaid wi h a due legard to economy on
one hand, and the piotection of the honor and inte-
rests of the Urn ed States on the other. The
number of vessels now m commission is fully equal
to those employed m preceeding years, and it is be-
lieved that during the p->st year, neither the person?
or property cf oui citizens have any where suffered
outrage or wrong for want ot due attention in af-
fording the means of protection and redress.
It will be perceived that the Board of Nayy
Commissioners have again presented an estimate
for additional clerks, which I am satisfied are in-
dispensable to the piompt performance of the du-
ties of that office, wh ch are daily increasing, and
which there is no reason to believe will suffer any
diminu'ion in fumre
Respectfully submitted.
J. K. PAULDING.
To the President of the United States.
REPORT TROM THE POSTMASTER GENERAL
Post Office Department,
December 7, 1840
Sir I submit a report, showing the service sf
ihis Department ths past year, its present condition,
and fuiure prospects
The extent o the post routes in the United Slates
covered by mail service, on the 3Ü h June last, as
near as can be ascertained, was 155,739 miles. The
annual traispo'tation on these routes, at the rate
existing en the 30th day of June last, was about
36 370,776 miles.
The annual cost of traasportaUan, estimated at
the rat  of pay existing at the close of the year, was
$3 296,876, viz:
Miles              Cost
Byhoreandsulkey,             12,182,445     §780,663
By suga and coach,             20,299 278    1911,855
By steamboat and railroad,    3,889,053      595 353
Total,
36,370,776 $3,296 876
In addit.on to this service, the mails by steam-
boats and other vessels, under the 5th and 6th sec-
tions of the act of 1825, are estimated to have cost,
t\e last j ear, about $9,000, and there has been paid
for ship and way letiers, about $26,000
Tne resolu i s ot Congress of May 14, 1836, au-
tie'ized the Postmaster General to extend the term
of the then exist ng contiaeo for six months, so as
to have them tprmin ite on the 30th of June, instead
of tht last of December. In pursuance of this au-
thority, the contracts which would have expired
with ihe present jear weie extended to the 30th
June, 1841, in consequence of which, the lettmgs
that would otherwise have fal en into the >ear 1849
will not 'ake place until the spring of 1841. The
advertisement for this service has been prepared,
and will soon be pubh-hei'
The new routes, arrount ng to about sevea hun-
dred, es'abhshed by the act oe the 7th Jaly, 1838,
have b<>en put nto optiation dunns tie past year,
and have m&de considerable addition to the expendi-
tu e for toe transportation service This extension,
w th the belief that 'he usual increase of revenue
would not be raized, has indicated a policy of re-
trenchment ra her than general improvement, but,
since I took charge of the Department, some ím-
provemen s have be.n effected on some of the most
i<r ponant rou'es wh'ch the public interest seemed
to demand, an'1 where little additional expense was
incurred. I have also executed contracts for addi-
tional service on a few railroad and steamboat
routes, where retrenchments could be made on other
routes nearly equivalent to the new liabilities as-
sumed.   These changes have given some additional
