Dec. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
26th Cokg.-..2      Sess.                                              Report of Ihe PostmasUr General.                                                     Sen. & H. of Reps.
rates of postage should be made without great con-
sideration. Toe post office establishment is differ-
ent from any other branch of the public service. It
is a fundamental principle in its organization, that
it is to be susta ned by its own revenues. This
principle not only avoids any charge upon the Trea-
sury, but serves to limit and regulate the action of
the Department. Should its expenses, in whole or
in pad, be thrown upon the Treasury, even for a
single year, it might be difficult to return to the
present principle; and such are the tempta-
tions to enlarge the circle of its action, that it would
not be easy lo prescribí any reasonable limit to it.
And such a change in the principle of the Depai t-
ment, embracing, as it does, such a vast extent of
private interests, both in number and amount,
would open a door to extensive abuses, wasteful to
ihepublic revenue, extending its patronage, and at
the same time removing ¡he checks upon it which
now exist. Wi hout enlarging upon this point, it is
believed that no one will be deposed, eiiher partial-
ly or temporarily, to throw the Department for its
support on the National Treasury.
Any suddea and material reduction of its reve-
nue, therefoie, would render it necessary to make
a corresponding curtailment of the mail service,
which all must see would be attended with the
most serious inconvenience to the whole commu-
nity. And as the present revenue, with the rea-
sonable increase that may be anticipated, is barely
sufficient to support the Department with the ex-
isting service, and such nccessaiy improvements
and extensions as will be required, it is evident
that there can be no reduction of its aggregate re-
venues.
The question therefore of the reduction of its re-
venues is excluded from consideration; and the
only matter for inquiry is, whether the same
amount of revenue can be collected with the pro-
posed or any other reduced rates of postages? There
may be cases in every branch of indirect taxation,
in which the reduction of the tax t,ill increase the
amount of revenue. But this resalí can only bs re-
alized, when the duty is so exorbitantly high as to
either occa'ion gro-s evasions of the law, or to
check die business on which the tax fallo. And
although (he reduct on of the ¡ate of po iage would
increase correspondence, there is, in my judgment,
no reason to believe that the addition of revenus
from that source would tqu -I the ¡osv. from the re-
duction of th? rates. TI e e :perimcni now miking
in England, appear^ to hi. >id htt'e s ippoit lo a
contrary opinion, for, if u:.official information can
be relied upon, the revenue thiie has fallen off
more than 50 per cent, or about 810,000 pounds
sterling, on a revenue of less than 2,000,000.
Shall we then be forced to the conclusion that
the present high rates of Liter postage ars to be
permanently mantamed?
This would seem to be the case, unless
there be a change in the system, by which
the expense of the transportation may be re-
duced, the correspondence increased, and the
postage on newspapers and printed ma'ter be
equalized and'raised. All these objects are prac-
ticable, and their united influence would probably
admit of a greater reduction in the raies of letter
postage, than is proposed in the resolution of the
House of Representatives.
Such a reform in the system, in my judgment, is
demanded by views of public policy, aud the higher
considerations oí prívale jus'tce. The institutions
of ihis countiy are based on ihe principle of jus-
lice and equal rights, rrad ->ny legislation, and more
especially any sjttemof taxttion, wlrch is a mani-
fest violation of thos" principle--, can only be :-ir-
tained by the forbearance of public opinion, in
subjecting it lo that test by which all public mea-
sures must stand or fall.
A slight examination of our tariff of postage, in
comparison with-the expense of the ¡nail establish-
ment, is sufficient to show its manifest injusice.
The quarterly remms of postmasters famish no
data for determining the relative proportions of die
different kinds of m'iter conveyed in the mail.
During one week m the month of June, 1838, ?n
account was taken of the number and weight of
the letters, and the weight of the newspapers and
other printed matter received to be convcyedjin the
2
mail, at th  offices in New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, Washington City, and Richmond. The
tabal-ir statement containing these facts is herewith
submitted. There were sr.ms omissions, and, no
doubt, some inaccuracies in the process, but the re-
sults are sufficiently correct for ihe present pur-
pose.
The -whole weight was 55,241 pounds; of which
44,463 pounds consisted of newspapers; 8,837 of
periodicals and pamphlets; more than five-eighths
of which being public documents or other free
packets, deposited in Ihe office at Washington
city; and the letters, both taxable and free.amounted
to only 1,92'J pounds, being something less than
four per cent. The proportion of printed matter
received at these offices, and especially during thj
session of Congrfs-, may have been something
greater than that of the wnole mails in the United
Slates.
it will net be far from the truth, to estimate the
printed matter as constituting ninety-five per cent,
of the whole mails, whilst it pays but about twelve
percent, of the whole gross revenue, and but about
eight per cent, of the neit revenue, ihe commis-
sions on the postase from newspapers and pam-
phlets bejng more than on that from letters.
In the transportation, constituting the principal
exdenditure of the establishment, there are three
main elements of price:
1.   The bulk and weight of the mail.
2.   The expedition with which it is conveyed.
3.   The nv de of conveyance when not controlled
by the bulk and weight of the mail, but in refer-
ence to accommodating the public travel.
As tho expense of expedition depends mainly on
the weight of the mail, these two elements of price
arc, essentially, resolved into one; so lhat Ihe ex-
pense of transportation depends on the bulk and
weight of the mail, and íhé mode oí-conveyance,
where it has reference to the public travel, and is of
a higher and more expensive grade than the mail
service would require.
The services of po.strnasiers depend on the amount
of mail matter; ihe nnmb.r of packets which are re-
ceived, distributed, or delivered, sit their respective
cilices, But ihv letters, being made op into mails,
itquiie some more labor than the newspaper and
other packages not . ent in that form.
Frem this analysis, it i„ apparent that nsaily Ihe
whoh-; expenditure of the mill rstabhstmrnt is
thrown m.oa co.respondcnec; it p.tys the whole ex-
pense of the free matter, the greatei portion of that
of newsp-spers, peiiodic.ils and pamplets, and the
eut.re additiot.a' expense incurred for accommo-
dating the public travel.
With all uVsc burden"!, not properly btlonaing
to i', thrown upon correspondence, the high rate o;
postage on letters cannot bo surprising; nor can it
be reduced, and keep up ¡he present extent of the
mail service, with f.i; improvements and additions
which will be required, without some portion of
those burdens are removed by a charge in the sys-
tem.
Nothing can be more apparent than the pgl-
pable injustice oí our present system oí postage
tariff.
The objections against a high protective tariff on
importations apply with still more foice to our ta-
riff of postases, both in respect to principle and
the degree of injustice. In the former, the whole
community are indirectly taxed for the benefit of a
particular class, and the whole interests of the coun-
try are burdened ¡o relieve a pirticular interest, but
the tex being indirect, those on whom it falls may,
in some way, d<-rive an incidental advantage from
it. This, at least, is contended by 'Ht advocates.
The postage tariff is a direct tax on one man for
the benefit of another—a direct burden on one class
for the relief of another class.
What r-rinc'ple of ju-.tico or public policy can
fUjtain ?. law which taxes a correspon lent in New
Yoik, who has occisión to send a leu<-r by mail to
New Oileans, two hvmdrei aid fifty per cent, more
th in the >,crw.i  is ro th, or costs, to enable a sub-
scriber in N"W York to a newspaper in New Or-
leans to have itc.onvtyed to him by mill, eighty-
eight prr cent. Ws than the actual cost of the ser-
vice?   And what add-, to this injustice is_the fac
that the mail establishment is a Government mono
poly, which, by prohibiting private posts, cinpels
the correspondent to send his letter by the public
conveyance.
Our system of, postage tariff was derived from
England, where postage was a tax for levenue
analogous to the stamp tax, as, like that, it was a
tax on business. Here, it is not a tax; bin in the
nature of freight, or a charge for the service per-
formed. The injustice, therefore, is much greater
where the postage is levied, not for revenue, but for
defraying the expense of the mail service.
The low rates of postage on newspapers and
other printed matter originated in considerations of
public policy, and were designed to promote the
general dissemination of intelligence among the
people. But the reasons fer this policy, if admit-
ted ever lo have been jus', have in a great measure
ceased to exist. When the mail establishment was
first organized, printing was confined to the large
cities, and there were few other channels for con-
veying new.-pipers but the mails. Now there are
printing establishments in almost every village;
and railroads, steamboats, and other lines of com-
munication, afford cheap and convenient channels
for conveying newspapers and others publications,
the greater portion of which are distributed among
the people without the agency of the mail.
With the view to remove many of the growing
evils of the mail establishment, and secure the re-
duction of letter postage, I respectfully propose a
change in the system, on the following bases:
1.  The enliie abolition of the franking privilege,
as an exclusive personal right, with the exception
of the Executive and the heads of departments.
2.   A limitation by law of the maximum rate of
compensation for ait steamboat, railroad, and each
service.
3.  The equalization of postage on newspapers
and other printed matter, with an advance of one
hundred per cent.
4.  A revision of the tariff of letter postage, with
a r> duction of twenty-five per cent.
The effect of the fir.-t ot these changes would be
to greatly diminish the bulk and weight of the
mails, and to increase the postage. Probably two-
thirds of the mail matter now going free would be
excluded, and wi.at remained would be charged
with postage; and the two cents paid for the deli-
very of free packets would be saved.
The newspapers received by pi inters in exchange
might be exemptr 1 from p. stage, with a limitation
by law of the number. Lette:s addressed to a
postmaster exclusively on the bus ness of his office,
it might be reasonable to except from the postage
tax; and also all letters wiittcn by postmasters ex-
clusively on official bu.-iness, provided they are un-
sealed, (except when addressed to another postmas-
ter or agent of ihe Department,) so that the office
of delivery may be enabled to decide whether the
letter is legally and properly entitled to go free.
The postage on le'ters ¡eceived by members of
Congress might be paid from the contingent fund of
the two Houses, and on those sent by them during
the session, limited to a certain number daily; or
such limited number per day, sufficient for their of-
ficial correspondence, might be permitted to go free
o!' postage; and pu blic documents,printed by the ordor
of either House of Congress, to possess the privi-
lege they now do, when sent by a rilember with his
certificate thatlhcy were public documents.
Such a modification of their privilege would re-
lieve members of Congress from much correspond-
ence very hurde ¡some to them, and, in general, of
very little public utility. It would tend to arrest
the concentiatioii at the seat of Government of
those influences which, for some time past, appear
to have directed and controlled the politics of the
country, and to add to that stimulus which aggravates
political excitements. Tne unlimited extent of the
franking privi'ege is among the causes which have
produced the central z-uion of political influence,
by enabling it to cx< rt its power, with a view to
a definite purpose, over the country.
The effect of the sect nd change would be to re-
duce the expense cf transportation, and on many
routes to substitute a lower and ch?aper grade of
service, as wagon, sulkey, or horse; in the plac of
stage or coach service.
