18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
25th Cong-«"2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr Clay.
Senate.
The effect of equal zing and raising the pos ace
on newspapers and other printed matter, would be
to diminish the bulk and weight of tbe mails, and
lacrease that branch of the revenue about one nui-
dred per cent.
Therension of the tariff of letter postage on
the basis of a reduction of twenty five p*r cent
would increase correspondence, yet add little to the
bulk or weight of the mails, and the po «age on the
additional let'ers conveyed would supply, in part,
the loss to the revenue from the reduction vn tac
rates.
The effect of the whole would be to lighten the
mails, and render their bulk and weig' mo e um
form; to cheapen the transportation, and secure
more regularity in the servios, and, by reducing
the tax on correspondence, relieve the commercial
interest, and benefit the whole communty.
The tariff of postage on newspaper^, periodi-
cals, and pamphlets, is almost a-, unequal and un
Just as the comparative rates of postage upo,x let-
ters and printed matter This inequality and in-
justice have arisen from the great elnnges which
have taken place in the manufacture of paper,
whereby the former distinctions as to dmensions
have been lost, and a coiresponding change m the
forms of publications introduced
All newspapers now pay the same post?ge, al
though some are ten times the dimensions and
weight ot otheis This is rot only unjust to those
who pay the tax, but equally =o to tne publishers.
It gives an undue advantage to the large establish-
ments in the commercial cities over the p^nny pa-
pers m the same places, and the country newspa-
pers, which are more removed from sinister it flu
enees, and, m general, are the most indtpendtnt
channels of sound public epin.on Theie seem* 
no good reason for the difference in postage be
tween periodical and non-penodical pamphlets, and
the distinction, mfact, is often difficult to determine
By the present law, all printed matte1-, except new.,
papers, is taxed by the sheet, and, from the cha ige
in the forms of publications, the postige is not and
cannot be collected with any unifoimity, from the
diffieulty experienced by nostmasters in classing
the various publications Sixteen pagd of octavo
constitu'e a sheet, and twenty-four a duodecimo,
although it is often nearly impracticable to distin-
guish between them.
To remove all these difnailties, and est .blish a
uniform rate of j osta^eon printed mat er, the best
rule would be to tax it by weight Batil thcieshoad
be objections to so great a change, no vspapers
could be divid d into thiee cla-se-i, «coordlug to
their dimensions, on th plm recommended by the
la,le Postmaster Gtene-il in his ammil rtpott in
1836 To tax other prm t! matter by w< íght, it i°
believed, theie cm be no objection Whither tho
other more important n firms which hive lee" re
commended be effected rr rot, the tiriff ci pott
age on new papers and punt'd matter jrg  fiydi-
maudfc a radical ievi  n The advance nine
postage (f newspaper!  „nd otner pm td ma tti
although regartted as eminently just, i. not deeirud
indispensable to the object in v cc, <-.> a renMin
and equalization of tbe tariff, taking a animon
sized newspaper of about 550 squaie irehts as the
basis, would make a large addition to Un branca
of the revenue of the Departtnen*
The tariff oí letter postage propo-ed in the reso
lution of the House o R  pie entatives would occ?
sion a reduction m that branch of tne revenue,
without reference to the increase of Hters, oí fio j
twenty to twenty-five per cent This leduc. on,
therefore, would amount to about $900 000 Tre
increase of revente, from the meáifi ation and le
stricüon of the franking privilege, mj be estima-
ted [at $250,000 and that from an increase of
correspondence at an equal sum. The saving in
the transportation cannot well le estimated, but ¡t
■would no douot amount to several nun Ired thou-
sand dollars The increase of grocs tevenue from
postages on newspapers and other panted matter,
with the advance on the postage as proposed,
would probably amount to $500,000. Without tne
advance, tbe revision and equalisation might be
estimated to prod ice half that sam
These changes m theestabli hment could there-
fore be made not only with safety fo its. finances,
but they coald hardly fail   of  placing them m a
more flourishing condition
The lull benefit of these irnpiovefi*nt could
net be reahzed urder four years loat peiiod bnng
requisite to enable all the contiacts to be made
wi h íefeience to them
It may be deemed an nauspicnus u ic, when
the finances of the Departmen are low, to revise
t> e tariff of postages on the Da is cf a re Suction
It is believed, however, that ¡t can be mo>t safely
and judiciously done at such a period It attempt-
ed when tne revenue is rapidlv increasing, tne new
tariff would unavoidably le in some degree ba ed
on a state of revenue which would be found to b 
only temporary. But from the present condi
Ucn of di1 finances, it would be aece sary to post-
pone the reduced tariff of letter postage unt 1 the
l^t of July, 1342 And by the other changüí, tak-
ing effect immediately, less retrenchments would
be required, and the finances of the Department
pluced in a prosperous cordition at the period the
lie* tanff was to fo in'o operation
These changes m the system, when their ben fits
«hall ha e been fully realized, with such improve-
ment as will natural'y suggest themsehes, it is
confidently believed, will admit of a stnl further re-
duction of tne rates of letter postag", and ulti-
mately bring them down fifty percent
T^e great inconvenience in ti e transaction of its
business to which, fot several years, th s Depart
ment has been subjected, for the warn of a pub! c
budding adapted to its uses, and the constant ex-
posure of ító books and pap°r-., will soon be re-
mover by the comple ion of th  bu 'dine; no  erect-
ing for it I have adc pted suct mca-ur'— as were
vurunmy control to croiect th  piesent b nldmg
?nd pub'ic prop rty from fii-e Th- lu Mu g now
erec tng for tin. Post Ofuce Department, ¡f the con-
tractors di not ob><- n fro-ri Congress a Airthei ex-
tension of the time for the perf nrince of ih«>ir con-
traes, wtU be fit foi occupation in the cou>- e of the
ensui g autumn
Very resp-elfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN M. NILES
PLRMANENT PROSPECTIVE PRE DMPriON LAW
DEBATE IN THE SENATE
Mom3ay, January 4, 1841.
The bill to establish a permanent piospej uc
preemption ¿stem, >n favoi oí -.ettleis on the
public land , who h?l! inhabit a d cultivate the
sdine, a d íaise a log rabil thereon, b^ing tne spe-
cial oi 'ei of thed/ty, was taken up
Mr. CLAY of Alabama aid a one) exaltation
ot th. principio ai.d en<i„tmenla o! thi  bill might,
perhap ,be pioperirom him, . .  he had lepoited it
from the Commuti-e oh the f i A c Land-, but, in
thi* e a ot good feeling tu Birds "log cab ¡is" anl
the tenants ol "log cabn>," when bad recently
been manifested all o/er th" ccuntry be p'tsumed
a ve y i,r ef stat L ent w^u d be suit; lent     iticy
1 «d, he said, in wha t m „ ii c up! anca!1/ be called
the na ot  goo 1 feeling to\ arls tro e mde pld&s
c í   iaoi ation   and  die r humble  occupants, for,
duruir  erne months pa*t, i ey h rl b °n the cspe-
. c al anl c ns mt theme oí Ii ghpraise and eloquent
I encomium, n t only m the legion whuetuey were
I almost e\c!üsívtly to be ioui d,  but even n our
cities,  and in mere  i fine i put   of th' country
Nor, (said Mi  Clay,) wa   t.    coi'i-vd r-ic.ely to
poli    vi  di-aissiois—i    "-ad been snaeie   o etiirr
I   n o eve/ In rg e,^e—eve" me jeueiitry  icrn by
|   iiflj oí c ur piost fa hiooib e   i hps, and ¡he < rna-
! m n    vvl cli decorated 'he i , Ar ons, b^re tbe im-
press cite' ]o¿ cfbm 'oí ti e w Iderne s
He (Vlr Clai) co g p'j atcd tn «i a  We t,
ard n ore especially tK tun-1!! s oí tti^' tog c^' at.,"
a"d ail others, wnerever they in I t be situated,
who stood m need, and were desiious to p s-rs5 a
freehold, on the favorab e «uspicts unter wfiich
this important bt 1 had been introduced Lookmg
to all thece f'vora'de mdi'atons, and thus sus-
tained by public sentiment tbroughou* our country,
he would not permit himself o doubt the success
of the measuie, and he hoped th' re would not be
fouisdone soutary opponent of lh" bill, to interrupt
tbe apparent unanimity.
He said he might  her''  allude   to   the very
dilierent state ot ieeling and «emimcnt which had
heretofore prevailed upon the subject under consi-
deration On all lormer occas ons there had been
s n ng, decided, «tad he might almost «ay vio ent
opposition lo every measure intended to protect
the «et'lers on. the publw lands, and favor their in-
terest. Even dunng the las' „e Sion oí Congress,
Senators would íecollect what strong opposition
was encountered by the pie-ompuou bi'l then in
piogr. s, and wbuh ultimately pas'cd both Hou^e-,,
and recttvtd the President'* approval en the 1st
of June, 1840. It would be recollected that that
measure passed both Houses, almost by a strict
party vote—the inends ot the present Chiei Magis-
trate supporting it with great unanimity, as one
cf the favorite measuves of Ins Democratic admi-
mstrat on, whilst those opposed to him resisted the
passage of ihe bi'l with at least equal unanimity.
He was rejoicd at the apparent change which
had sirce occurred. Shortly aftei the strenuous
opposition which the b>" <illuded to had encoun-
tered in be til Hemses, a,rio,t entirely from those
opposed to the Administration, those same
gent'emen (the Whigs) bad become the most ar-
dent in their piofession^ of attachment to "log ca-
fo ns" and their occupants He ¡epeated his con-
giatulat on  to the meritorious cla-s of ciiizens
whose interc ts were so deep'y involved m this
measure, that, tiom the manifestations of the six
months wnich preceded the late Presidential elec-
tion, the Whig party had now become tbeir most
zealous fnendc, and that henceforward there would
be a generous riva'ry between the two great politi-
cal parties which divided the country, in the sup-
p >rt of the privilege of pre-empiioD, the r ducüoa
and gradua'ion of the price of public lind, and
every ether nepsure of liberality to the new States,
and the humble cultivators of ti e  o J
He said he might here lAe occasion to le-
mark that he was no new convert to the policy pro-
posed by tms oill. It was one which he had la-
bored to advance, at least wi'ti eirnest zeal and
persevering acsiduity, for the last twelve years, m
one branch of Congress or the other, except for a
brief interval of ao^ence, and even ihen he was not
wnol y inactive It had long been a favorite policy
with him, through the m-dium of p e-"mptton
law^, and o her kindred measuies, if pj ->ib!c, to
make every freeman a freeholder, in favor of
such a policy he haa often before raised his
voice, and exprecS"d his strong convic ions But
heretofore he had been tne representative oí a
people whi were immediately interested in the
passpgj of bills of tms description When he first
took his seat in the other branch oí Congress, a
cons derable district of country, which had been
<e tied for some jears was ready to be brought
into market, aid s^nce that peiiod, other large por-
tions ot theSa'eof Alabama h„d been acquired
by treaties w, a the Indian tribe , and almost simul-
taneously covered wnh a haniy and industrious
population Bene3, alwavs heiU fote, his con
otttueiits were to bi. benefiei by tne passage of
pre-emption law.3, and 'he support he had given
them might, perhaps, have rendered him liable to
the imputation ot interested motives—as, although
he  ai not personally inteies'ed, and never ob-
tained a pre empfon m his Lfe, he might have
been supno«ed to pursue the course he did to m-
gialíate himself with his constituents Bu* now
ho had the good fortune to occupy a very different
position, Every acre of land m Alabama, not
owned by mdiv.dua s, had become the proper y of
the Govtrnment, there was no portion of the ter-
ritory w thm that St<ue sub) rt to th- claim of any
Indian tribe The Indian title to the last remnant
of then temtory had e^en extinsuisied several
years ago, anl he bel eved tneie was none that
had no  KeeR surveyed for the last twelve oi eigh-
teen months It h d been setded still longer, and,
consequent!}, was subject 13 be claimed under the
preemption Inns v,f 1838 and 1940 Hence, so far
as regarded pre-emp'icn , all hi  constituents were
provided roi, and he was now as dismt-nested as
any otner S nalor in that chamber. Alabarra had
no sp'c al m ertst m the bill, except as it embraced
1 nds subject fo private cntij, commonly called re-
fase lands But ne was glad to hive this opportu-
nity to gtve disinterested evidence, as he should by
