Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
26rn Con©...'2nd Sfcss.
Pre-emption Law—Alt, Clay of Ala.
Senate.
his vote on this occasion, oí his approbation oí the
principle and policy of the measure He was sa-
tisfied it was the tiue policy He bad hi'lvrto
maintained, and ho now rramtd'ned witn equal
earnestness, that Government ought to extenu fa-
vor to those who will settle and impiove the public
lands. He woald go furucr, and say, if the puo
lie lands were sold under our pre emption laws for
less money than when sold at Mict on, even for
half price, it would be the policy ot this, as it had
bean of every other Government, to confer pecu-
liar privileges on those who settle and improve
thern, for thereby trie wide spread doma n of the
United Slates was rendered prod ict ve, and the
resources of the country enlarged and improved
He (Mr C.) contended that it was not wild and un-
cultivated land, however extensive, t^at constituted
the wealth or strength of a coun ty He contrast-
ed the present condition of the valley ot the Mis-
sissippi—the great West—with a dense, nu-
merous, and enlightened population, in a Ivgh
state ot improvement and cultivation, yield-
ing annually the moot abundant supplies of
every thirg necessary to the sub-istence, com-
fort, and enjoyment, of civilizad man—with what it
would have been, had it remained a wilderness
till the preterit day. He asked, ho'v duferert it was
now, either in furnishing resources for the support
of Government, or the mm and mear, U r the na-
tional defence, compared with what it would have
been, if it hal remainel un ettlerl, unimproved,
and uncultivated'' Was it no' obviou--, that h
would have been be ter to have givoi aw<,y all lhat
portion ot th" public domain to have brought
about the present pro-.peroas condition of things,
than to have retamsd it till now, ii 'en or twenty
times the Government price eould be realized from
its sale? He tl ought these view  could not be we'l
contioverted, and il true in regard to the setuVd
part of the country, was it not equ '% so ss re-
garded the poition of the public domain whi'h still
remained unoccupied? If we bad denvtd all the
advantages, at which he had hos ily g anc^d, fnm
the occupancy and culivaun ot one portion, it
waifair to pristme, that we shall! derive corre-
sponding benefits 'rom the improv emem nd culti-
vation ot aiotiei
But, (slid ñCr Clay) l porit oTact, taere i>uo
sacrifice (f pecuniary mtere t on the part of the
Government, fien at ihp time of sale, on the
panprcposea by tlus mil—at least i'one worthy
of conudert ion Hi said it would only be
necessary tor gentlemen io urn their atiention
to a report made by the Commissioner Oi the Ge-
neral Land Office, on the 8th of Janu?ry, 1838,
with the accompanying table, and to a similar
,>atement made by h m on the 16 h of January
last, to satisf, them of the correctness of thi* posi-
tion The cash system commenced on the 1st of
July, 1820, t e íeport first alluded to, sloped the
average prices from that time to the 3(Kh of Sep-
tember, 1837, and the last gave the a vera e prices
from the 221 June, 1838, (when the ire emption
law of that year was approved ) up to its da'e, in
January last—emboli g a period oi about nine-
teen years. The wn sjstem had been in optra-
t on abr ut ten ye?rs bf toie ihe p¡>ss?ge (f ihe first
general pre emption law—which was on the 29 h < f
Miy, 1830 Let gentlemen eiamne the ave.age
prices before the passage of tint act, and compare
them with the avciage puces since rec ived, and
they will be satisfied I am coriec' id sajmg the pre
emption laws resul  in no matcnai It s to the Go-
vernment. Mr. Clay th/va re"d trom the icpirt of
Ihe Commissionei of h' G nem! Ltnd Offic,
thowmglhe aveiase pnce* paid lor pub ic 1 nt's, in
each } ear, since the commcneemcr.t ot cash sa es,
as follows.
The average price paid m 1820 was §1 40 per acre.
Do.
1821
1 5)
do.
Do.
1822
1 23
do
Do.
1823
1 30
do.
Do.
1824
1 27
do.
Do
1«25
1 35
do.
Do.
1826
1 31
do.
D>
1827
1 42
do
Do
182?
1 26
do
Do
1829
1 26
do
Dj
ISiO
1 2b
do
Now, (said Mr. Cla\ ) up to tl e 29 n of Max,
1830, taeie was no general pe emption law Foi
'he two jears prec ding (1828 and 1829) lite ave
rage price in each was but $1 26 per sere, and it
con ¡nued the came during ihe year 1830, in only
the last ba f of vjhich did that law operate Here
was an exce's, m tso consecu ive years, before,
the passage cf the ac', of only one cent per acrp,
above the nuiimum pnee, and m the iollowng
jear, during half of wh ch the first pre-emption
law was ii? operation, the price remained the
same
Now (sa d Mr. Clay ) wbat •'as been the re-
sult under ihe pre-emp* on poltcv1 The ofhc ai re-
port will answer the question For the year 1831
(dunng the first ha>f of which thj first pre-emption
law co uiuutd to operate,) ihe avrsge pr C2 sa>
$1 28 per acre—two cents higher than u had bee ,
either of the three preceding y taro In 1832, when
no pre-emplion law was m fore , the average price
w as but $1 27 per acre. In 1833, the average
P'ice was $1 29 per acrr I" 1834, when anew
pre-emption law wa passed, to continue in foice
two >eais, the average p-ice was $1 31 p'r acre,
and m 1835, (ihroughi ut wh ch th '¡ame law was
mfotcc)the avcrag- pnee was $1 27 per ¡?eie
In 1836, during the Wh.ilf of wlnc'i mete vías no
pre en p ion law, the a\erig<, price was bat $1 25 j
pei acre, and again in 1837, (still ro pre-emption '
law,) the aveiage pi ce \\ s but $1 28 per acre.
It also appeared ( aid Mr C) from the state-
ment ot ihe Commissionei, made in January last,
exhibiting the result of sales from the 22d ol June,
1833, (when another pie-emptio i hw passed,) up
to the then latest returns, lhat ihe average price
íeceive i foi nearly even mili oís of ace, was
but §1 2G 18 100 per a ic, a.i 1 < n the rati 'o'd ,U
aucion, ticluswiy, o >, jil 2J  iS-100 p r aue
N™ ( aid Mi   Ciay)i      r         \ \ ml 'h'il the
pure   r c ive 1 for tl e ten yep      b i re  th   <.iw
m'^tement (■'th° j e   mnun    .,   'm, and tho=e  I
received foi tieii.i    j  ars s i^t, dur'i'  a  'onr
portion ot wh'cb pte-ei^i tioi  laws have  b-en  ip
operation, are not siai.nally dirTer.nl, if at ail' Do
not these ofhcial statrinent    establish  that  '/en-
cave as mttcH money (ro i trie ac ua1  "ft'icr all I
cul  vitu ?o we v out 1 r1 ave liiin the sieeula-
tor oi latidmonjei'i   Audi not  the q-es'icn dis
tmedy piesented, vvh di r tv    will sell th  pubic
domain, m small qui ¡ i íes, 'o men of  ii"1 I ei-
pital, who will imin \n eiy octupv, ro i  v, al'd
render it pro i iCt've, oí \vhtthei d i   o ir b   t    p >
hey toscll £t auctun f lindo  ot    piewU'i-  >nd
Mpitilist , in ift'gc qa iiitit t , to In  il (   an I  un
profnable till  I hey tan  ev ort  Ihe   disiel  pruiit
from those a host nece si &-, eo"i,-el tin  tc hi e
ut   Ye , sir, ttj, is the  que  ¡on for  i it fr.we
consideration     At' c n an American    Vn,, e
hesitate as to die answa ,ve si^ad give ii'jo i V-
gislatiotii    He hop'd the p"tiol when 'neie iou d
be any doubt  upon this questi' n  had gone by,
and that now a favorable r< s, o se  woult cos ,e
from all quarters
H ssid he h.'d cm' ledk n cut ion one fact con-
neokd will the sales oi 0 e pubhc Ian', vhich
v a., worth/ ot con lieration— i at «as the ¿rea e,
ex,ier>se incurud ty ihe Cj e i iter , m '\t«a>
.iui*t on, tlaam ihoiC undo- ihe pie tmplio'  laws,
oi by puva'e entry In the latter, lae Goveri-ient
was at no cxpens ' whatever, beyond the regu'ar
and established salary and commi aons ci ihe
rrgistersan l receivsr-, while the sale* at ?uc ion
involved M t onal experisis; ¡n the emplovmePt
Oi audit neers ex ra competí alion to ¡egis eis aud
iixe.vers, aud exp udi'uie lc add uonai c^r't hue
—he h d i ot mp'de anj } i^Ci-c est'mate—but pre-
baoly irniuntitig to at 1 ast tier or five per
ecnium ind this ?mount i c-Jditional cxpoisp
was to be dedectit from the-mall txcess nbo "
the minimum, whici m'ghf , ppo r io be ga lie 1 oy
salfs at auciion.
But (said Mr Clay) "apio^ tbc Go\cnmrnt
were to profit even to double the amount of the
avtiagf excess wuch ma" be sumo el toappeii
by the re i or'¡> from the G-n- ?1 Li d Ornee 'o
wnieh b" haa ipfei'ed, vimd the pa'trj difL e ce
of t vo or ,!uec, oi ev ii len c ut- an ac e, bf A
sufficieiti duccment with Aod can Jates.neu to
jeoj-aid the {cat- "io .ad v   and the intei'M oí
the numerous families which are annually settled
1 on the public lands? JNo, sir: the Goveiiaaent
would lose infinitely mere by stteh a coursej m
paia!}zing theenerg es, and crippling thfe resonices
of th se hardy and enterprising pioneers, than eould
be eompemated by any pecuniary gain
Sir, (said Mr Clay,) money is ihe smallest, fend
about the last, consideration, that should entfti fiito
or influence our policy m the management of ihe
public domain It is a consideration which has
never controlled the pohcyof other Governments,
over which it is our pride to boast a superiority.
It was not the policy of Great Britain, still less,
perhaps, of Fiance and Spam, in the disposition; ot
the lands c aimed by them at an earlier period of
our history. Oecunancy, culuvation and improve-
ment oí the resources of the country, were the
considerations upon which they granted the lands
cf the Crown.
Nor was money the consideration which induced
the original States tocede positions of their territory,
except, perhaps, so far as to aid in ihe payment of
n itional debt, contracted in the war of indepen-
dence. They had much more exalted purposes in
view; to put down controversies about territorial
limits, to quiet jealousies between the different mem-
bers of the confederacy, to build up prosperous
communities, to create new S'ates, and thereby add
new stars to the bright constellation of our glouous
Union. These weic the bright and laudable mo-
tives which operated upon all the States which
made cessions of territory; it was apparent in alt
thejCompaots between those S'ates and ihe Cieneral
aJrtsfnpient, espec ally in that of Virginia, thj
mother of States, and not the sordid considera-
tion of making money fa themselves, or the Gene-
ral Govern et>*
He funher remarked that the bid under con-
s deration m ght be fairly legardtrd merely as
i measure to change the mode of sale from auc-
tion > to private entry. He thought he had suffi-
oienlly shown that it would not materially affect
the amount of revenue derived from this source,
even if the quantity sold should be the same. But
he sad the sales would undoubtedly be greatly
argmented, and consequently, much more money
would be brought í'ito the Treasury within a given
period, than under the present system.
This bill, too, was free from the objections which
hid been urged agamot Ihe other pre-emption laws
of ihe last twelve years. It haa been urged that, by
thos-1 pre-emption law, rewards were given to per-
sons who weie ire passers t n the pub'ic property,
v\ho were wojthlesi n character, and who set the
law at defiance, by sealing upon the public domain,
win no more right than ¡hey had to ^e ze upsn the
public Treasury, upon our vessels o£ war, and our
i iris and ar enals. No v such was not the bill un-
der con>ideraiion. Here the bid was prospective,
unless it was in icsptct to those who had become
settlers since ¡he date of the last pie emp'ion law
The main object of th„ bill was not to protect those
who were called trespasses and violaters of tht
laws, but to say to u e hpid} eultivatoi
of the land, who gave an earnest of being
a cultiva or, that he shmll bo safe m ths
possss ion of the fruits of his labor. Norwa>
it c nlined, a  was said by another cia«s of object
or , to ihe whabiams of ih; valley of the Missis
oippi, or to the great West Heretofore it hai
been urged that the bilis were partial—it was ob
jected, not only that they were rewarding the vw
la'e s of th^ law, but that fhey were confining u¡
advaiiiges to them and io the settlers witjnn th<
limits of ih" new States and TerntonesjJ&ut this wa-
broader in its ptovision', and it held out the*am<
induce i ems to the íadustnous and enterprising ol
'he old Statt , that it held out to the new Slates.
No v, he regardtd this as an important featu e n
ti'? bill, and one which, with due deference to thos
w.n< differed from him m opinion, it seemed to him
should s lence alt objectors, leaving out of view ih
cr.'hus.asm m favor of log cabins, and their cccn
pants, which bad been prevailing for some n n
pas' But by ibis law he poor man tf the o!
Stales had i' placed within his power, if mdustnoi
and enterprising, to go forward to the new StsU
with the guarantee held out to him of a title to th
land on the payment 'o 'he Governcjent of ft 25 pi
