20      ______________________    APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                  Jan. 1841.
26th Cong......2nd Sess.                                     Pre-emption Law—Mr. Benton.                                                              Senate.
acre. It seemed to him that by the old States it
should be regarded with more favor than by the
new Slates. In the new Siaies they had learned by
experience, and the practice of enterprise and in-
dustry, that they could be independent. There
were in those Territories few wealthy landlords,
wilh crowds of tei ants around them; but fee should
be pleased to know what number of freemen there
were in the older States who were not ireeholders,
but who were dependent on their daily labor for
the support of themselves and their families. They
were doubtless very numerous,—and to all such
this bill held out the promise of relief.
A citizen of an old State, if be stands in need of a
permanent home, to subsist, rear, and edncata his
family, is here guarantied one, if he has the enter-
prise to seek it. Now was there any objecti'-n to
this? It was the principle of a free Government
that every citizen should have the power of free
locomotion—that every one should have thu right
to remove from one part to another, and even to
abandon his country if he though' proper. Let
not, then, this be any longer called a new State
measure, or one that is partial in its operation; ¡X
was no longer calculated to benefit the new States
or Territories, but to benefit every one, from one
end of this wide-spread confederacy to the oihrr,
and at the same time to be just to the Government;
it only required that a man should become a culti-
vator of the soil—that he should place himself on
any part of the uncultivated lands, and pay to Go-
vernment the minimum price. It was equal in its
operation—holding out the same boern to citizens
of the old as well as the new States—and requiring
the same price from all.
This measure, then, not only recommended it.-cif
to the favor of all those who supported ihe p e erup-
tion projects of ihe last twelve ytarf, but it assumed
higher ground: instead ef being partiil ir. it.-, ope-
ration—instead of being confined to the new S'ates
and Territories, it extended the privilege alike to
the citizens of all the twenty-six States; while it
was liberal to the people, it did no injustice to the
Government; and he trusted it wou'd pa s with a
unanimity with which no other measure ever has
passed in regard to the public lands.
He deemed it unnecessary lo say more; for he
did not believe it possible there could be any well
founded objection to this bill. Indeed, in saying a?
muchas he had said in explanation of the provi-
sions which it contained, he had rather adhered to
form, than spoken from any conviction - of the ne-
cessity of that coarse; and he should now content
himself with voting lor tins bill, wi hout saying
more in its favor.
Mr. BENTON said the two bills standing toge-
ther on the special orders, in i elation to the public
lands, the one for «raduaimg the price, and the
other for establishing a permanent pre-emption
system, were bills upon the same subject, mutually
connected with each other, and veiy fit and proper
to be discussed and pasied together. It would be
difficult to discuss one wilhoul discussing the oih, .;
and, as it would save time, and be witinn ihe iu'c
of propriety and order, he should fav«iil hirrreq' of
the discussion of one lo speak oí both.
It would be recollected, that he had h reto'otc
spoken of the sentiments ot the piesent Pir.-sideiit
of the United States, (Mr. Van Buten,) -is being
favorable to the principles of both bills—as having
presented hia opinions to that effect inofficial miv
sages—and he had taken it upon himself to say
that he was entitled to more credit for the senti-
ments he had expressed, and the part he had
acted on this subject, than any public man in the
TJniied States; and he, (Mr. Bentok,) h-,d said
these things with a full knowledge of what he was
saying, and with a full determination to prove
what he said when the proper opportunity pie«ented
itself. That opportunity had now arrived/ The
two bills were before the Senate; the discussion
had commsneed upon them; and the offi-
cially expressed opinions of the President were
fit and proper matter to be presented to the
Senate. He would, therefore, present ihe
recommendations of President Van Buren on
the subjeit of pre-empiions and graduated prices
.of the public lands, as he found them in his annual
messages, and he would afterwards say something
in justification of bis as*ertion, that Mr. Van Bu-
rén deserved more credit for his conduct on the
question of the pubic lands,and was entitled lo
more gratitude from the cultivating and farming
interest, than any other public man in America.
The first extract to which he would call the atten-
tion of the Senate, was from the President's Mes-
sage of December, 1837, which was in the follow-
ing words:
"A large. portion of our citizens have seated
themselves on the public lands, without authority,
since the passage of the last preemption law, and
now ask the enactment of another to enable thetn
to retain the lands occupied, upon payment of the
minimum Government price. They ask that which
ha-¡ been repeatedly gt anted before. If the future
may be judged of \>y ¡he past, little harm can be
done to the interests of the Treasury by yielding lo
their request. Upon a critical examination, it is
found that the lands sold at the public saies, since
the introduction of cash payments, in 1820, have
produced, on an average, the nut revenue of only
six cents an acre more than tie minimum Govern-
ment price. There is no reason to suppose that
future sales will bo more productive. The Go-
vernment, there "ore, has no adequate pecuniary in-
terest to induce it todtive these people from the
lands they occupy, for the purpose of selling them
to others." ****** «a policy
which should be limited to ihe mere object of sell-
ing tiie lands for the greatest possible sum of
money, without regard to higher cmsiderations,
finds but few adiocates. On the con'rary, it is
generally conceded, that, while the mode of dispo-
sition adopted by the Government should always
be a prudent one; yet i's leadme object cu:>,ht to be
the early settlement and cultivation of Ihe lands
sold; and that ¡; should discountenance", if it can-
not prevent, ihe accumulation of brge tracts in ¡he
t:ime hand*, which mus', necessarily, retard ¡he
growth of the new Sutes, or entail upon them a
dependent tenantry, and in attendant evils."
In the mes.age oí December, 1838, he found
the following passage:
"Our experience under the act passed at the last
session, to grant pre-emption rights to settlers on
the public lands, has as yet been too limited to en-
able us to pionounce with safety upon the efficacy
of its provisions to carry out the wise and liberal
pol'C7 of the G-overrimr-n' in that respect. There
is, however, the best reason to anticipate favorable
results from its operation. The recommendations
fonnrly submitted to yi \\ in respest to a gradu-
ation of the price of ihe public lands, remain to be
finally acted upon. Having found no le.isen to
change the views then expressed, your attention to
them is again rcsrccifully requested."
The message of December, 1839, contained these
observations:
"On a former occasion your atlcntion was invited
to various considerations in support of a pie-emp-
tion law m behalf of the settlers on the public ¡audi,
and also of a ¡aw graduating the prices for su;h
lands as hat! long been in the market unsold, in
consequence of their inferior quality. The execu-
tion of the act which was passed on the first sub-
ject, has been attended with the happiest conse-
quences, in quieting tides-, and .securing improve-
ments to the industrious; and it hss also, lo a very
Ei-atifyn  extent, been exempt from the frauds
which were prac i->ed under previous pro omptioit
laws., it has, at the same time, as was anticipa'cd,
contributed UboirtHy during the pie.ent year to the
receipts of the Treasury.
"The passage of a graduation lnw, with the
guards before recommend, d, would al->o, I am per-
suaded, add considerably to the revenue for seve-
ral years, and prove in other ic.-pecis just and be-
neficia!.
"Your early consideration of the subject is there-
fore once more earnestly requested."
And lastly, from the message of December, 1840,
he made the following quotation:
"The available balance in the Treasury on ¡he
1st of January next, is estimated at one million and
a half of dollars. This sum, with the expected re-
ceipts from all seurces during the next year, will, it
is believed, be sufficient to enable the Government
to meet every engagement, and leave a suitable
balance in ¡he Treasury at the end of the year, if
the remedial measures connected with the customs
and the public lands, heretofore recommended,
shall be adopted, and the new appropriations by
Congress shall not carry Ihe expenditures beyond
the official estimates."
Now these were extracts from the four different
messages from Mr. Van Buren during the four
years that he had the filled the Presidential chair.
The exiracts spoke for themselves; they showed
the sentiments of the President; and they showed
him to be what a patriot President should be—the
uncompromisÍKg enemy of speculators, and the
frank and thorough friend of the settlers and cul-
tivators. The President was for pre-emptions,and
graduative prices; and these were the two things
which the speculators abhor, whjch the good of the
country required, and what every settler and culti-
vater had been demanding for many years. The
sentiments of Mr. Van Buren were made clear on
these two great points. He had spoken for him-
self, and that not once, cr twice, but four times;
not in a private conversation, or in~ a letter, or in
electioneering harangues, but officially and pub-
licly, in his high character of President, and under
the responsibility of the constitutional injunction to
recommend to Congress the measures which he
deemed proper for their consideration. Theje
were the sentiments—this the conduct of President
Van Buren; and for the manner in which he had
taken these sentiments up, pnd expressed them—
the candid manner in which he had taken them up,
and the responsible manner in which he had ex-
pressed them—he had placed himself at the head
of the list of the friends of the graduation and pre-
emption policy, and had enlitled himself to the
gratitude and confidence of all the friends of there
meat tires.
He accorded this high ptaise to Mr. Van Buren
without any reservation, and without any exception
whatever. He excepted nobody—not even any
one from the new States—and least of all did he
except himself. He (Mr. Benton) and others
from the new States, who had supported the pre-
emption and the graduation policy, had done their
duty in a good cause, but their merit could not be
equal ti that of statesmen from the Atlantic States,
who had renounced unfounded prejudices agaior,t
these important measures, and became their ardent
supporters, and that against a powerful adverse in-
urtst. This was the case of Mr. Van Buren. He
was a member of thit Senate when these measures
had but few friends there, and v.hen the settlers on
the public lands, the pre-emption bills for their be-
nefit, and the graduation bill, were all accustomed
to be denounced, and that by Western men, in
terms of unmeasured condemnation. Mr. Van
Buren was a member of this body when he, (Mr.
Benton,) almost solitary and alone, pleaded the
cause of the Western pioneer—elainied protection
for the meritorious, settler—and argued the justice
of reducing the price of the public lands according
to its reduced quality and value. His solitary
voice was overpowered at that time, and his bills
were treated as preposterous, absurd, and imprac-
ticable measures, and were said to be repudiated by
the people of the West themselves. This was what
Mr. Van Buren, in common with other Senators
from ihe Atlantic States, was accustomed to hear;
and it was natural that such representations, com-
ing from Western raen, should have its influence
upon a stranger to the West, and prejudice his
mind against the settlers on the public lands, and
against all the measures intended for their relief.
It was na'ural that such should be the effect pro-
duced; and accordingly Mr. Van Buren, with almost
the whole bidy of Atlantic Senators, voted against
pre-emption bills, and graduation bills, during
the time that he was a Senator on this floor; but
his mind, though misled, was jit t and candid, and
open to the convictions of iruth; and during the
four years that he presided over this body—during
the four years of his Vice Piesidency that he sat in
the chair of the President of the Senate, and gave
such punctual attendance and such respectful at-
tention to their debates—during these four years
his prejudices became entirely removed, and he
became favorable to the bills which he had for-
merly opposed. This change took place under the pro-
