APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th Cono.......2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
be entitled lo certain privileges tl erun mentioned,
and he wished to Ifnow wbtthT it was intended that
there should be a limitation to cjk r, or whether
blacks were intended to be ¡'¡eluded, as well as
white persons.
What the precise object of the clause was, to
which the Senator referred, did not reach the Re-
porters' desk; and as the Reporters are not permit-
ted to have the use of any Congressional bill or do-
cument, it is necessarily left m obseuruy.
He also inquired whether the bill was intended
to comprehend aliens as well as free citizens. It
appeared to him, Some of the terms used in the bill
were exceedingly comprehensive, and yet indefi-
nite. He wished further to know how Ion? a per-
son would be re quired to occupy the public ¡and,
before he would be entitled to the pnvilpges pro-
posed by this bill; and he was desirous of being m-
lormed what guard or seciiruy ihcie w«s that one
person would not sstt'e on ten or twe've suc-
cessive sections of land in the same year
He saw no provision respecting the length of oc-
cupancy, nor any to prevent a settler entering half
a dozen or more sections at ihe same tunc; and he
would be glad if the friends cf this bill uoj'd give
him the information which he rfpsited befrre he
voted on the bill. He further obsei ved that it ap
peared to him, if this bill parsed it v ould revolu
tiomze the whole land system of the country, and
confer the power on the register and receiver of the
district, and the Commissioner of the Land Office
—higher jadictal poster than was known to be be
stowed to any ofBceis m this country, in truth, the
whole land would be subject to a centrical s>stein,
and the existing land system might be dispensed
with. He further complained that the bill would
be unequal in us operation, and eon'equeiu'y un-
just towards some poruou of our citi/>ns, who
could not by possibility denre the sug'.it st advan-
tage from this law. He insinuated that thos"
"boys" of eighteen years cf age, v h >, by this act,
would be entitled to pre-emption, wc uld be twenty-
one four years hence, and af ei «t^ung that he did
not prepose to go into a discussiou oí this bill, con-
cluded by observing that he was opposed lo its
whole policy
He afterwards again rose, and moved thp amend-
ment of a section to which he had reitned, by in
lroducing the word "white" before "persons,"
thereby limiting the right to pre emption, so as to
exclude prrsons of color
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky called for ihe ayes and
noes thereon, which were oidered, and the question
being taken, it wasdecu'ed in the afBrma'ive—ayes
37, nay 1, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, An 'eron, Benton, Bu-
chan, Cilhoun, Clay of Alabama, CUy of Ken
tucfey, Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon, Fulton, Gra-
ham, Henderson, Kmj, Km<ht, Lmn, Lumpkin,
Mangum, Merrick, Mouton, Nicholas Norvell,
Pierce, Preston, Roan , Robins n, Rugóle-, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Smnh o( I' drm, Sturgeon,
Tallmadge, Tappan, Wall&r, Wall, Williams,
and Young-- ,17
NAY—Mr. Poner—]
Mr. MANGUVI 'hen moved ¡he ín^n on of the
werds "beng a cu zen oí ihe ünt'ed S-a'fs" after
the words "'lBgle man," so as toenclule aliens
irom the right of pre «mpuon
Mr. CALHOUN inquiied whfthei, in point <f
fact, any but a citizen coald ho'd land, a >! he was
informed that aliens could hold Ui d in On o
Mr. CLAY of Alabama vas alio unt'erstot rl >o
say that aliens could hüd land in many of t-e hi w
States.
Mr. CALHOUN rematked that the law m this
particular should conform to the laws of the re-
spective States.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said this wai no new
question, but no b '1 of ihis description ever did
contain a provision like that now prop sed to be
inserted, and >ei no e/il was known lo giov out of
them. This ou^at to be saiisfac oij to ihe Stna'cr
from South Ca'oh>-a
Mr. CALHOUN saw this wa* « uh hi ~i a ques-
tion of principle, and he had rne.e'y i lade the
inquiry, that be might have a knowiei« of ihe
fact.
Mr SMITH oí Indiana a><] ihr vn  a bill of
great impo U"C", and at. he was of opimon tin it
would require many amendmenk,he wou'd suggest,
as it WR) past three o'clock, the usual hoar of ad-
journment, that th" bill should be passed over.
Mr. SUCHANAPí said tint we ourselves scon
forgot what 1 ad passed m this body. It is not jet
three yea-s since this very question was argued at
considerable length, and solemnly decided b/ the
Senate. When, the list pre-emption bill sss un-
der consideration, in January, 1838, the Senator
from Maryland [Mi. Merrick] had raoved lo ex-
clude foreigneis from the benefit of its provisions,
and after much debate his motion was negatived
From the investigation which fVn took place, the
fact was established, ¡hat from the very beginning
of our land sales, foreigners had aKays been per-
mitted io purchase the public bnds m the same
manner as if they were our own omens. No in-
convenience had ever, to his knowledge, resulted
fiom this prac'ice No person even now proposed
to change it This was the estahlisn°d policy of
the country. Tha atsempt now made was t'ot to
prevent foreigners from purchasing lh" pub ic
lands, but fren acquiring the rght of pre emrtton.
For his Oi-n part, he tnou^ht that the alien who
came to this countrj, *r,tver ed the Atlam'C Stale ,
and made a settlement wilh hts farm y m the uil-
deine-s of ihe far West, ought not to be excluded
from the privilege o' purchasing at the minimum
price, m preference to all other persons, the sni<dl
tract oí lind which lu bad impioved. mere'y be-
cause he had drawn hi' first breath in a foreign
land. In this paitieu'ar he ougit to be placed on
tbe 'amp footing with oui o* n cüi¿ ns
The uniform practice of selling ihe ¡ ublie hndi
to foreigners interfere 1 with no light of any of the
State, ne matter wbethei alien0 we1 e peim t d to
purchase lands under iheu lai,s o not. The title
tbu acquirul by t! r alien would be pood a5>i nsi
all mankind except the soveiegn biate tvtbm
whose li n ts the land nas situated !f uid'r iti
laws alieiscoudno ho'd re?! es a'e, 'he State
mi^ht fufeit it b) the common hw pioc- s of
e*eheai None oí the new Sta es had ever adi p cd
tin, coar e. On the conitary, they vere a!l glad
that emigrants irom. other countries should pur-
chase an 1 culuva'e these lands He was, tnerv.-
fore, prepared, both on principle and on pohcy, to
vote against the ametidmont of the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr Mangum]
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky sai t it was very true
that this question, as hid been observed by th  Se-
nator troui Penn ytva^ia, bad b tn raised some
years ago, pnd he also '■elievcd, beyond tbe moun-
tains, d'iens were allome i to hold land, but he also
believed that there «v^s some c~>nd t on requnel ¡n
almostall the Stales—in seme of thtin, a lesidence
of two or three years. Now it might be a queotion
whe'her they ühmld exd nd the privi'ege except to
t'fose hold ng by Str.t- author'!}—and aliens who
hol1 were not eniit ed to a vi tr—but he (VIr
Ci ay) was oppo e<! on pr nciple lo the propo i ion
that aliens ■•! ould be i vjt°d frotnevciy port'on cf
ihe hibifab'e g'obe, to tal e po-session of the pub'ic
lands on terms ?r> p culiarly favoral le as weie pro
posed by lh s bi'l
Whil t i man ,s an rl r', o vmg alle°ianc" to
any foreign power, he oiuht not t> exercise ihe
ru'bt of franchise in otu cotnliy, iijr ought eithei
the ««r's of Ru°s a, or lb" su1 jcc< ol Au ina, or uf
England, o> Fiai c bound bi the r <tl eg at ce to a
forvpn pT'iitite, to le al'owtd, unt 1 ihey le-
jo.ucrcl ie r frj. i ti Ih^n o i < nal poter'ite, lo
enjov *ie piivJ zn °I Ame.it .n free en On tnis
que'ti n i o ""optd, n  ther ther^ irr e' c\\\ re,
w'uld there be anj dmr tj if opimrn, "v/hat^ver
there might be o¡ tn° t-rs yofa?r icr or l^ss
restriction n tbe ,'cqu sition of he n°Ms of an
American Ci 17^-n in n ehflWnt ' ig< of tie na-
tional p rgiesi, n lis i ifancy in I m?ti n y Theie
wasap ther poi 11 n wh eh ih r" "u-> it no to bw
any di crsitv of opin on. Tiojg' it night Le the
pracuce of our Govemiitiii io s"ll tlesnlot our
coantry a'i'tc >o ahrns as lo citzn, lh°'e shoul 1
not be extendrd an iu/iation t> aliens to come
and pvticha e o ir latu's, aid ye*, uc'i woul Í be the
effu t of il.n bi 1 It wa- a question of  ound po1 cy
whe'hei they \ ou'd hold out io all, without or
witbm tnis   ctun'ry,   tl e«p   peculiar   pnvileees
of pre-empt,oners. lie (Mr. Cuy) shou'd
conform his vote to that which he had given
this question three yeiro ago.
Mr BUCHANAN said that like the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mi. Clay] he would most cordi-
ally adhere to the vote which he hpd given on this
question three years ago. He agreed with the
Senator, that until a foreigner became a citizen, he
ought noi to be permute 1 to exerc se the elective
franchise. But the pr°sent case was far different.
What, pfter a'l, was th's privilege of pre- mption
about whieh we hid heard so much"! Was it a
gift of the land? No Was it a sale of the land
below the ordinary prce fixe i upon it by the
Government?    Certainly no'.    What then was u?
We had ascertained by long experience that th 
public Ian js, fiom some cause or other, do not
command at pub.ic sa'e on an average moie llun
two or three cents p^r acre more than the minimum
price. The reason of this, we may easily conjee
ture? The bands of speculators who attend these
sale^, combine for Ihe purpose of keep ng down the
pncj to the minuiuta standird. They arc thus
enabled to ob'am the choicj traj s at but one or
two cents above oie dollar and tnenty-iive cents per
acre. Now what u the great privilege which we
confer by thu bill? It ¡s nothing more than this,—
that the man who goes into the wilderness—selects
a quarter section of land—erects hi« leg cabm
upon it, and brings it into a state ot cultivation,
shall not be turned out of hou^e and home by any
greedy speculator who may have cast his longing
e)e«iuponit This spot of land is not offered at
pubhc sa'e, bnt is reserved for the actual settler,
pi ovided he paysfo %l lit cash at ike rale of one dollar
c-nd tweiityfiie cents p'r acu. The Government
may thus, b/ po'Sibdity, lo e one, two or three
ct nls on etch acre, m teeurmg to this poor man
his se) e'e 1 u ¡mi This is the sum total of the
[eneíit to him an 1 Ihe loss o ihe Tieasitrj, with-
out bringing into the account ihe a'vantage which
(he countiy derives fro n having in vacant lands
settled and cultivated by a brave anl harif, popu
latun.
Now, in regard to aliens The Senator has ad-
mitted th^t, from the origin of the Government un-
til the present day, they ha/e ben permitted to
purchase the public lands of lh- West, euher at
public sale or by private entry This fact is m-
controvertib'e Then why make aa odious distinc
lion against foreigners m this p?rticu)ar ca«f? It
you permit them to purchase in evsry oiher form,
why denv to t) em the privilege of purchasing as
pre-emp íoner . Toe alien who flir; from oppre*-
sio i at hi me, and makes his way mto the far Weil,
and there fixes hu habitation, at the samp time
places his body as a barrier against the attacks of
the savage foe which your pjhey has collected on
that trontier Such aliens thus furnish stronger
evidence of their fiJehty to the country, and of
ih ir intention to become ci'i^ens, than they could
do by a mere declaration t> this effect, under the
naturali7aü n¡aws though, he presumed, such a
declaration was made by them in a most every m-
s anee A man -fho meiely does this, m?y change
li intent on befo.e he become, a citzen, but the
mm who makes a set'lement on the public land,
¡ nd pincha cs it from ihe Governnvnt, thus iden-
tifies his own fate pnd'hat oí his iamtly, for weal
or foi wo, with lur Government. From such
n>en ve ha/c notning Io app'chend And shall we
suff r eien the alien speculator, who has no m'en
nonofevti btcom ng a citizen, to purchase the
humb e dwelling ¡f this poor man, and drive him
out of possession? Such might oft n be the case,
I it - -ere not for your pre--mption laws Foi my
own ¡art, I shall al«ajs!n ost cheerfuMy, as long
as I shall be honored with a seat m the Senate,
grant th s tnflmg pnvi'eiie to thp actual settier,
whether he has em g a ed from the old to the new
Sates, o mpro/e bi,oood t'on, or ha, fiel from
oppris it- in th  old world, tjnve undei ihe p'o
lection of oar R r'i'jlicai i    tt utirn3
Mr BEN FON" sa d the e «tren re> nclions in
Mis oan upoi h" requisition of Js  ids by aliens—
that it wa0, th • policy of thp Stale to encoarage emi
grat on, an i s ie bad therefore plac" I fore gners o i
a level with fingen in v,bat tclate<i 'o the ¡i"hts of
propel >y
