APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
g&TH C0NG""2ND SliSS.
Pre-e?nption Law—Mr. Wiight.
Jan, 1841.
Senate.
on the same fooling with the na ive born Amen-
can citizen. 0? the influence of such men here on
our soil the Senator entertained not the smallest
apprehension, but seemed, on the contrary, rather
disposed to cherish and increase it, to fortify it by
privileges, and nurture it with all aids and appli-
ances which law could supply Such men he in-
vited to enter the boom of our land to become
lords of the soil, but the man, who, kept at three
thousand miles distant, with all the broad ocean
between htm and us, him the Senator feared great-
ly. Well, he (Mr. Crittenden) would not dis-
pute the matter. Some men were so constituted
that that appeared very formidable to ihem which
gave other men no uneasiness at all, and one might
as well dispute about tastes as to argue with men's
fears
As lo the question of a Na'ional Bank with a ca-
pital of a hundred millions, which the Senator told
them was ¡o subvert Ameacan liberty, and make
us all the slaves of a great moneyed piwei, he
would not now enter: but he might ?s well tell the
gentleman at. once that he shou d rejoice in the
day, and he believed the day had come, «hen a
great and overwhelming majority of the people of
United Slates had become satisfied that a Nat on-
al Bank was the only effectual remedy against all
those sunVirgs under wh ch they had been groan-
ing for the last twelve year- He (Mr Critten
den) was ¡or a Bank of the United State1-, nolfor a
Bank with a capital of a hundred millions, so
verned by English millionaire1;, but i Bank made
and constituted by the people of ih" United S a'es,
owned, regulated, and influenced by themselves,
but he repeated that he would not nowgi into
that subject. The question, and the only queUicn
at present to be decided was, whether we would put
the foreigner, who wade no declaraiu n of h s inten-
tion to become an American nt /m, on the same
footing with our own citizens He lequirtd some
evidence, and he asked for only the smallest modi-
cum of evidence of the man'-, intuition to become
an American citt/en Give him but tin prelum
nary requisite, and he wm willing at once to in-
clude that man in all the b nedts ef th< bill
Mr. BUCHANAN «.aid the Senator from Ken-
tucky should not transler lhi< battle 10 ihe west of
the Rocky Mountain With lus spoil leaic we
shall keep <or the present on this side of them
The present contest was on the Indian Irontier, and
regarded ihe rights which loui/tiers ou°ht to ac-
quire by «etilmg and < ultivaltng hr ds wiihm the
limits of our ixisiu g Suites, ¡mil Ti rntoru s, and
not beyond the Itockv Mountains And now, alter
all this discussion, what via-- Ihe difiere nit 1 etween
thehonorabkSenitoriuidhmist.il? Why, ir, In
has come more than hall round. H> 1ms now be-
come a good pre emption mm, and is in I wor of
granting the right < f pre-emption to a'l foiev ncio,
provided they have declared their intention to be
come citi7ens But suppose the use of a po >r j«
norant foreigner, not acquainted with the law-, of
hisjadoptid country, who ha* gunp upon your pub
lie land, cleared away th' fotest and t re cted a home
for his. wife and his childien—I ad,, woiud y< n de-
prive such a mm of all the LuieliUoi this bill,
merely because he had omilte. 1 to make a ft rmal
declaration of his intention to become a < ti/nt'
I ask the Senator to siy whether such a nan, fir
such a cause, s-hould forfeit his right lo become lh"
purchaser of this tract of land m prtleiencc to any
hungry land ^hark who was reidy to pounce upon
it as his pre}7 The qui M on between us has been
narrowed dov n to tin po iv at la„t Now I appeal
to that gentleman's own 11 in, to say \Uie h r he
would not decide it in (arm oi th> fou goer I
know and feel Ih it he w uld JTe can entena uno
serious purpose that «uc'i a s f l!< r "-hnild fount
his right lam sure he do-s not And what, die >,
is all the mighty did rcrre between u-1 After all
our replies., and rejoin It rs, and sui rejoinders,
the whole argument dwinlles djwn to a mere
question of tweedledum anl twte'ledi- Can
the Senator mike moieef i ' lie >■ w 1 in  to
place the foreigner upnn the same ' mina i i h om
own cni7en% and grant him cv rv 'gh*  ' ¡j p-
empbo i which they enjoy, pr ,vided h> h, eon<
through the form of plaorg upon lec-rl toe lech-
ration of intention lequued by our namr-ilt/ido i
laws. I go one Utile step further, and hold that the
foreigner, by making his way to the far West, and
settling upon the public land, manifest, by actions
which speak louder than words, even a stronger in-
tention of becoming an American citizen, than if
he had merely made the formal declaration re-
quired, and in such a case, I a<-k, should he forfeit
his priVjlege on account of this omission' Sure I
am that if the honorable S nator from Kentucky
were constituted the judue, and this question were
left to his decision, he would answer, emphatically
no' He would never decide that the foreigner vho
has <ettled on the public land since June, 1840, up-
on the faith of your past legislation, or who "-hall
settle upon it hereafter, shall forfeit hispnvi'ege of
pre-emption, lud be driven with his wife and chil-
dren from their home.
The Senator has done me injustice in another
respect I never eider said or insinuated that I
would proclaim to the world 'bat we wanted fo
teigners to com  and sctte ameng-t us, that they
might protect us from dinger What I did «ay
was, that it had long been the national policy, and
one which 1 considered sound and wise, to encou-
rage the settlement of onr frontier as speedily and
as densely as possible, and if this shi uld be done
in part by foreigners, then, in the hour of danger,
their bodies would be our bulwark a amst a savage
foe, just as surply as the breasts t f onr own citi-
zens I cannt t vote foi hi-, amendment, because I
am unwilling that an nrnorant man. who rcuy have
acquired an equi'ible t tie to a pr." emrtion, shall
foifeitit for want of having gone tin ugh a legal
f rin
Mr CMTTENDKN I am ¡>nx cus to e*csp°
fiom any further participate n in this em'rot er y,
but, according to the usages of ihe Sen e, as I ha< e
offered an affumaiive pronos lion, it is neee«sar/
and proper that I should have the last word.
The only diswgeenuous th'iig wh ch the ho-
norable Senator has 'aid i- contained 11 h s la t
remark, that I am coming mun 1, rmd, if my amend
ment pievails, '■hall vo e for the bill No, I am
not committed to vote for granting a pre emption to
any hotly
Mr. BUCHANAN I did not sav that ihe Se-
nator would vote for the bill for I am s,ire he ivill
not I «aid he wou'd put foreigners on the same
footing vvnh Am-riean citi7>r"-, if ihey would only
d clare their intention to become such
Mr CRITTENDEN Ycstnday I was m favor
if confinin  the benefits of this hll to Ameritan
citi/Pii Thf S nate have voted lo cxietid ihrm
to foieigners I bow ran  -n inviidmcnt reqnir
ing a simp'o orcl ra'i n of an it t"nt'o ba > atu-
ra h/ d Th' Senator oppose i', -mi is / n p ,¡ung
those who have no It gil oi 1 "ítnnite cl? m 'o this
hi nt fit at our ham' on thes?ne f (ting wiifi our
own citizens, md be siys the d iff ■"nic between
us is a mere matttr of tweedle lum a^d tweed ejee
The Senator thinks it hard to mile a dtstmctn n
a \iinst one fore gner merely beans  h  has omitted
to ins If any decimation of his purpose to b-com0
a citizen Whv not agree at once • at it is a
shame to r ake i d ffe ren-e between a fore gner
and on i o n ci wn simply becju*e he his hap-
pened to be b >rn in anothri country, and under dif-
ferent allegune —i ma terovervhich he hat no
'tut of control' Tie ('iff"- r<-e be'vuei sucn a
>n n and i naitv1 Amtncin i u, the Senifr's es
Urn? ion, a mere nailer of iwpedi 'um md twee-
dle tee Yo' tin-, ¡s th1 ccntleman win is s0
trnil'y afrad o  felt n oi/ln rite He 's
lei maknie- no difi enec be w en *n Hrgl sh-
man, a Russ an, ? Frenchman, and ¡>n American
No /, the honoraoh fcinitf r ma; "xcu e me, vhi'p
I have all propei re-peet f r fouig-eti if I love
riy own countiynnn a h le bet'c thin them, and
if! do make a diiietcnco U veen the foreigner
vho corner and grasos me by tne hind, atdso-
lennly records his decimation to ci ' i,i his lot
with me, to make my ci tnty his ecumv, my Go-
vernment his Govern") ent, and to «ee'e an mher-
tance in tl e sod for hunsel and his e'liluten—a-d
the foreigner wh >/> veiy wil ins to rer«-iveany anl
all the benefits we may ha/e to bes i w, but who rp-
fu'es to give us the shsh est ¡t'e ige of his desire to
become one oí ourelvc To th "emWmn this
tray all he tweedledum and tw-edle lee—fo  mp   I
coife s, it is matter of strong and high American
feelmg.
On motion by Mr CLAY of Alabama, the
question was divided so as to be put first upon the
first part of Mr Crittenden's amendment
Mr PORTER inquired whether the mover
would no modify n so far as to allow a pievious
declaiation made before applying for the pre-emp-
tion to be a valid fulfilment of the condition pro-
posed.
Mr CRITTENDEN assented to the modifica-
tion proposed by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. ALLEN said ht, should vote against the
amendment because such a provision would be ut-
terly useless if incorporated m the bill. The de-
cliration of the mten ion of an individual to be-
come a citizen, m ght be made with great truth;
the individual might then occupy land, and obtain
a title thereto, and then with gieat sincerity ehanae
his intention. He was opposed io all distinctions
of this description, and when a foreigner reached
our shores he was wnlmg to take the chain frcm
his neck—every link of 't
Mr WRIGHT said it seemed to him they were
makirg themselves active about a question which
should not be enteitamed by tbem, and as it ap-
peared to be the inteiit.on to take the qa stion to-
night, If would °tate his views respecung it Now,
afierwhat was said yesterday about pecu'iar and
exclusive privileges, he would ask what was the
privilege prrpos°d to be conferred by this bill? It
was, as he understood it, the privilege to the settler
of paying that price for the land he occnpie), which
the Government had chosen to fix as the minimum
puce of úc puol c land , and he made the'e re-
maikj that he might not be misinterpreted or mis-
uid?rstnod n what he designed further to say upon
thit subjTt Was tl ere, h- n, rtass n ihat they should
chinge all their legislation m lefereaee to the public
fandsi Had not every foreigoe , every wheie, the
perfect right to go to our land office to purchas
finds' and who would mqune whether he was a
cit/«n oi intended to mike h'mseif cwl Who
would make <uch an inquiry? Where was the
law proposing cr authorizing it? T«o years ago
he knew sucn a proposition was made here, but it
was n j 'Cted Why rhould they make such a dis-
til Cton between the fort igner aid ihe native citi-
yen.m the pincha e of the public land? Yester
da,, m the coure of the debate, hehtaid an appre
hension expressed ihat they we, e about tr violate
the laws of ihe S ates, in 1 to force upon trem cit -
/ens a ains' their instituí oris but cou'd they do
iha ' Wi* ii in t1 eir power lo do il Suppose
they ma ic a grant or sa'e • f land within a State lo
a to e gner, did it prove that the foreigner could
hold < i transmit thatp operty to another. In his
(wn State, (New York,) any ft reign r conld take
the tit e to nnd, but he ct uld not hold it as pgainst
the Stale, he c ul' m t convey it by deed, and he
could not transfer it ty inheritmc . His tide was
good arramst all the world buf—what' That verv
sovere gn powi r wh en, u seemed to him, genile-
rren wre >nde¡vormg lo protec' The Unit d
£ lates hid yielded to the Sla ts all °ovemgniy over
t">is doinaii by their adm ssion into the Union and
ibey only belt! he title 1 ke a private individual,
and diey hai the riiht to con ey in the sane man-
n i, b'it suppose a foreigner should purchase
f om 'hem, and the law if the S a e did not
enable a foreigner to hold, or transmit, ihe title,
did their pa'-m c- emde the law ef the State' No,
ft e foreigner took thf tit eat In pent If he chose
not to b ce me a c t 7 n w hs t was the c n equence'
lie took lit'f foi the bpnefit of the Stale The
lands would es h a', it he did not quali'y himself
to ho d and convey W"s n disuado then to the
Safes, that we shoui 1 ptohibit such puicbaoes'?
Po long as the Lde lp.nsnipd in the Geo.raf Gj-
ve'nment, 'he pow°r of the g ate m wntch it lay
didno  r ach ii, but f-e moment it was conveyed
to any foreigner, or to any body—to an infant, a
fe<nnu converle, or any b dy else, there was an end
of the Federal po«er, ¡¡nd ¡he ques'ion of title was
v ith die S a'e And "e.e they called upon to say
Mho sin u]J or who should not purchase? The
.5 ates ' ave established the'r own institutions to
please ihetrj^elvef, and should the Coigressat empt
to interfere'   Was there a State m the XJnn n m
