2§________________________
26th Cong--"2nd Sess.
was intended to enable the pooi but industrious
man to procure it at one or two cents per acre lower
than it could be purchased at by others, and could
this be really a matter of so much moment, as to
call forth an opposition, when the welfare of the
poor man would be secured by the trifling sacrifice*
Now the question in reality was whether an indi-
vidual who has improved one quarter section, shall
go on to improve others, and obtain a pre-emption
right thereto. To this he (Mr. Pulton) could tee
no objection, as the settler might thereby first culti-
vate a quarter section for himself, and then o'hers
for and with the aid of hi^ children, thereby making
provision for them, and accomplishing what was
desired by all, the cultivation of the land.
Mr. Tafpan's amendment was then adopted by
the following vote.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ben on, Buchanan, Clay
of Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon, Graham,
Huntington, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mangum,
Merrick, Phelps, Pierce, Prentiss, Rugbies, Smith
of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tap-
pan, Wall, Webitei, William*, and Wright—26
NAYS—Messis. Anderson, Calhoun, Clay of
Alabama, Fulton, Henderson, Hubbard, Mouton,
Nicholas, Norvell, Porter, Robinson, Sevie-, Stur-
geon, Tallmadge, Walker, While, and Young—17.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said he should call for
the ayes and noes en the question oí the adoption
of the substitute which was proposed for the mine
bill; which were ordered.
Mr. PRENTISS said as fie bill wa> prospective
in its operation, it would hold out <m invitation
not only 10 our own citizen-., but to ftreigner*, to
come and take possession of our public land-,.
Now to this he was opposed This proposition was
by far too extensive, it would entirely supers-de
the whole of the present land system, it was at
variance with public policy, and it was incompati-
ble with the mteieib of the couDtty.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky now rose and addre scd
the Senate nearly is íohows
The amendment now offired by my friend from
Vermont, by drawing a line between the legislation
heretofore punued with relation to pre emplious,
and the new, comprehensive, and interminable le-
gislation proposed by tho present bill, opens the
whole question for dticussiofi, and I avail m>self
of the opportunity thus affi rded, to present to the
Senate some of the general views í have taken of
this subject, and I invite, m the outset, the serious,
and, 1 would say, the solemn attention of the Se-
nate to the bill before it. Befort, howevci, I pro-
ceed to examine us provisions, allow me, in pas?.
mg, to notice a most novel and surprising docinne
advanced yesterday by the Si tutor frjm New
Yoik, [Mr Wright,] not that 1 purpoe to discuss
at this time the position be assumed, but that I may
here enter ray public protest agamU i', lest, should
I remain silent, it might be thought by any that I
yield my assent to it Tne Senitoi's position is,
that it is competent to a State under the Consiitu
Uon to admit an unnaturalizsd foreigRer to vote m
our elections. I wage no waragaitut fort-igner  I
respect them when their character em ties them to
respect. I well Know especially the value oí the
German jeomamy, a bet er a>t <f husbandmen
does not exist on the face oí the eaith, honest, in-
dustrious, economical, admirable judges of the
soil, the best judges of land in all the eoun'iy, de-
votedly attached to their families—that is the cha-
rade' cl our Ge-rnan population as Í have become
acquainted with it in my own immediate neighbor-
hood. I will not now stop to speak of the charac
terof the gallant Irish, whose virtues, and, Í w1!
add, whose defect ot ohaiaeter (the virtues tar
overbalancing the defecis) ate <o well known
throughout the world I am not the eucmy of fo-
reigners, but the opinion expre sed by the honora-
ble Senator fiom New York is one cJ immense
practical importance, for, if I aw not greatly mis-
informed, President Van Buren owe the vote of
one State of this Confederacy, I mean the State of
Illinois, to the faet of unnaturalized f mgners
voting m oor late election, and casting their
vot(S for him I will not, howetei, enter on
that subject, and I have adverted to it now, mere-
ly that no cc nc'usien may bedrawn from my silence
that I approve or tolerate the ductnne advanced by
IX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Clay of Ky.
the Senator from New York I here-publicly ex-
press an opinion decidedly opposite I think that
ihe exercise of the elective franchise alwa} s im-
plies cit zenshtp, though citizenship does not imply
the right to the exercise of the elective franchise
I holdthata voter, whose voice may affect orchange
the entire policy of the country, may alter or sub-
vert the Constitution and laws of the country, s a
component part of the political power of the country.
I hold that the power over the subject of naturali-
zation has been confided by the Constitution exclu-
sively to the General Government, and that no
State can constitutionally exercise that power, and
that, therefore, no State can confer those privileges
and immunities, or grant those lights which pro-
ceed from naturalization Th s is my opinion, and
I advance it here merely as a counter pi ojet to that
espre sed by the Senator from Ne*v Yirk When
a foreigner has once been naturalized, I regaid him
as a brother, aj a member of oar po'itical commu-
nity, andas entitled, with ¿orne few c institutional
exception*, to all ths rights of native born citizens,
and fo Ihe protection and defence of the Govern-
ment at home and abroad, but until he hi  re-
nounced his allegiance to his foreign sovereign,
and swoi n fidelity to our country, I cannot and will
not—and I was utterly amazed to hear the gentle
man from New York express a different opinion—
look upon him as incorporated in our society, and
authorized, by the exercise of the elective fran-
chise, to exert an influence in unoettl ng cr chang-
ing our entire political po)ic>, ubiNr, asa Subject
of a foreign power, he lies undpr all his original
and native obligations If the contraty doctnne be
admitted to be a sound one, tlvn, as has been
shown by a calculation which I have seen, the
Emperor of Russia, by a proper d -tributmn of
17,000 of his serfs among the States of this UmoT
(if the States would have permitted them to vote)
might have changed the g onoi s, the triumphant
result of November last, and have c mimued those
in power who, by the fu 1, decide 1, and manly ex-
pression of the public will, have feen declared un-
worthy to be the depositaries of it any longer.
But it is with another subject that I have risen
now to deal—the fearful ex'enston now proDosed to
be given to the pre<\npn n swem We have
now hid a land system m operati n for upwards
of forty j ear Is the-e any thing m t e practical
effect of this old and long tneJ system which should
induce us to repudiatp it for a rev, untred and
wild expenment' What hive been its results? It
commenced about forty years ago, oi a little more,
in one of the great Western members of the Con-
federacy, (the S a e of Ohio,) th  "-eltlernent of
winch took place as much a twenty \ears later
than in the c  e of her i^ter and ncighb ir, Ken-
tucky. And wh->t is her populatif n now' From
ihe returns of the new census it is fi und to amount
toa million and a halt of sou's—n<-arl> duuble that
of my own State, although Kentucky had pieeeded
her by such a great length of time And if we
then go to In liana, a still youngi r sifter in the great
firmly of States, we shall find that «he exhibits a
population of betwern six and seven hundred thou-
snnd, nearly equal to that of a Stale which wisher
predecessor in the estab'ishment oí independent
State sovereignty bv th rty year I roil' not go
ihtough ihe 1 t All the members of the Senate
arc doubtle s familiar with the returns of th  late
census A'l these gieat and "s «mishine íesnits
have taken place under Ihat '\s en which we an 
now asked ii change Is it v ^e—is it pradent— s
it state manlike, to rtje t a pi n from which have
pioceedcd such glorious iriuts, fir an untried, and,
as I believe, a ffost frairdons oxpenmcni'
What is the histo y of these pie empt on laws'
They arose, I th nk, m the fir-t instance in the case
of what is called SymmesN Grant Jthn Clevre
Sjmmes purchased nom the Government a large
tiact of land between the Great and Little Miami
rivers, m Ohio, including ¡he spot where Cincinna-
ti now stands. He was unable to pay for it, but
finally made a compromise with the Government,
and took a less amount of land. He had, in the
mean time, «o'd out to numerous sub-purchasers,
who, being innocent third parties, and having pur-
chased ¡n good faitb, were supposed to have a fair
title to pre-emption for the improvements they had
Jan. 1840.
Senate.
made and the farms they had opened to cultiva-
tion. Congress, accordingly, granted to them the
right to purchase from the Government the lands
they held at the minimum price prescribed by law.
Then came the cession of Louisiana, many of the
occupants of which had settled on their farms
while that Territory belonged to the Spanish and
the French Governments, under grants freely made,
while others had entered on their lands with con-
fidence that, according to the established usages
and customs of the country, donations of land would
be obtained, totally unaware of the change of sove-
reignty which had passed upon the country without
consulting them The question then arose, what
ought, m equity, to be done m their cast' And the
American Government came to the conclusion that
all who had thus come into possession of their land
were equitably entitled to the right ot pre-emption,
which was accordingly extended to them Next
came a third cace—that of the Kahokia, Kaskaskia,
and St. Vincent settlers in Illinois and Indiana
These inhabited French villages were settled in
some cases more than a sentury ago, and were not
drawn within the action of our land sys em till
about fifty years since. These people, having settled
under like circumstances to those in Louisiana,
were held to have a claim equally equitable, and
pre eruption was granted to them aUo. Thus the
system stood till 1830, under General Jackson'i ad-
ministration Tfeen, for ihe first time, was intro-
duced an entirely new principle, and it is that
which is contained in the substitute for this bill pro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont. There is,
however, a wide difference between what this bill
proposes and the practice introduced under Gen
Jickson's administration
Tne pre-emption laws,asalfered in 1830, allowed
a right of pre emption to all setilers on the public
landa from a specified day, who should asseit their
rightb befoie the expiration of the law, the opera-
tion of wmch was limited to two years. 'Ihis new
principle continued to be periodically re-enacted
111 some seven or eight years ago. when it encoun-
tered a gallant resistance from a friend, who I re-
gret is not now by my side, but who has passed
from this place, and, according to public rumor, is
destined to a more useful, if not higher, sphere than
even that of a seat m this body, august as it may
be Greit frauds and abuses were detected in the
execution of the pre-emption laws. Speculators
freely used them FioiU especially were found to
be fraught with iniquity With the efficient aid oí
my friend, [Mr Ewiso ] we succeeded in arresting
foi a time these pre-emption law We succeeded
in putting an end to sp-cial and unlawful privilege-
We succeeded in restoring the principle of fair
equality in the disposal c f the public Hnds But
those interests, speculative and others, which are al-
wajs awake, always watchful, alwa)s on the alert,
to get up pre emption laws, under ihe coavement
and plausible puise of benefiting the poor, made a
rally m 1838. We were then told that not less
than thiriy thousand settlers had entered ihe Terri-
tory of Iov a. The Senate was as ured that these
persous could not be removed from the pubhc do-
main, that all the m litary force of the Union would
be insufficient to remove them, and thus, under a
«pecies of moral duresse, you were induced to piss
the law of 1838 and it has now been in operation
for two years. But, not contented with all the vic-
to.tes heretofore achieved, not satisfied with pre-
emption laws re-tneted m point of time, and limit-
ed as to the theatre on which they were to operate,
gentlemen now come iorwa-d ivith a new and bold-
er, and more extennve demand They have sud-
denly become converts to log cabin doctrine, and,
ut dci a log cabin prof«."sios>, they demand the pas-
sage of a new law, boundless in the space on
wh eh it is to operate, or restricted only by the
limits of the public land themselves, and illimita-
ble as to time Now with regard to the sincerity
of these gentlemen m then profession of log cabin
principies, (tnough I am very glad to see that they
have profited by the very salutary lesson afford
ed them within two oi three months past,) I like to
test their profession by their votes When my col-
league [Mr. Csittendev] offered an amendment,
the effect of which would be to confine the opera-
tion of their bill to teal log cabin men, 'o the venta-
