S3_________________                 APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             __^ Dec. 1840.
£6th Cong-'-2nd Sess.                                Pension act of 1837— Mr. Jlnderson.                                                     H. of Reps.
they had deliberately adopted and consistently pur-
sued, with intentions as sincere and patri >tic, and
motives as pure, he trusted, as the new Adminis-
tration would adopt us measures. It seemed to
him, therefore, that the lecture of the honorable
Ssnator wa> ungenerous; for what he asked was,
that they, by their actions, should take back (' e
prominent measure of the present Administration,
should undo what they had done; and should re
verse ths policy by wmch they had been hitheito
governed.
Mr. CLAY. I shall offer but a few words in le
ply. Among all the charges which at vaiious tunes
have been made against me, I had supposed that
a want of generosity at least was not one of theai.
The gentleman thinks it ungenerous in mp to ask—
what? That he and his friends here shall obey our
common masters, the people—that they i-hali repral
the Sub-Treasary law which the people have con-
demned. Why, sir, in this, I only call upon gen-
tlemen to conform to their own doctrine, so of.en,
so long, and so loudly proclaimed by themselves
"that the people are to govern—that the Democracy
must rule—that the Democracy of numbers is the
rsal and enly sovereign—that we are a'l here as
servants of the people—(hat, as Senator'-, we have
no original rights—that wc are to bow to the ma-
jeity of the people in all their pleasure." But now,
it seems that this Sub-Treasury scheme is their mea-
sure, and not the measure, ot the people whom they
repiesent—and it is veiy ungenerous to ask ihtm
to obey their ma-ters' will Vt hy,  'r, w hat is the
honorable Senatci? Able, adroit, astute, turned,
ingenious as he is, is he not the servant ot the ¡ te -
pic of New York—of the 400,000 voten, a uiaj -
rity of whom have condemned this law' And
whose will is to prtvai1—theirs or lm> 1 have
asked him to yield to then pleasure I hope Ih re
will be no flinching, no 'huillmg, but that the ho-
norable Senator will have the goodness to t>< t ac
cording to the principles lie ha, so oft. n mcnlcited
on us—that he will bow to the "Dcmocr cy ot
number ," and conform l.imse ( in wiiat Ins comu-
tuenls require 11m measure ot ihc Snb-Tiea ti'y
was, as I have undi isltod, the i he constant tin mo
of the gentleman's < loquence from the shi le ot the
Atlantic to the bordéis of the St Lawrence—that «a
the issu. he continually made—that was the is„i>c
on which his Slate cist her vete—she his con-
demned his favorite mta urc—.and vet now he < on-
sideis it ungenerous in me to ask him to a! am'on
what his own constituents condemn ' Far from it
I am not the coun-elloi oí the hoioiable Sei aiot
or Ins fnend , tin I w ill le 1 what I \u ukl do i> >
help me dud, i u my sat ltd honoi, 1 wool 1 m >vo
to itptal thv. jiib-ritasmy law I would pot s,^
that I had changed my opinion—n v pude o prin
cipl? would pitvtnt tlu t—but, finding the meaMite
not acceptable tu rny constituents, I would ccnlorm
to then will Whole on (hi uncle ice ol the
globe does not public sentiment exact obedience to
its wilH Is it in Rnisue? Wo, no The Amocut
himselt is bound to yield toils behests, and so m
fast he his dune. Whe ;* ? I ask again. la Tur-
key? No The Grind Seignior i obliged to sub-
mit as much as any c thei despot. We .ere charge <l
with a want of generosity became we have asked
the Senator to bow to ihi> common law ot < ur na
ture—a law that rules the wiio'e c vili'ed uoild '
I have now a few icmarks to make on the que
tion raided by the honorable faena t i lcspeamg t e
elective /ranchi c Why he has n en o cli cu s u
s-o elaborate a manner a mtro opinion e t mine
thrown cut «ithrut aigumcnt, 1 do notkuw
He is too acute and piacn-td a logician m I
to know thst the manner of pu't.ng a qt.es
tion, of itsrJi o.'iei decides it The Srnaioi
ask', what light IMS Fcdcnl Government hi
to prescribe (or a Stite who shall \ te foi
her rulei-' It has none—it pretends to no ie
But this case of unnaturalized foreigners it, an
exception to me otherwise universal exercise ot
the State sovereignty. The exception app! es her 
An alien is not a citizen of a Sta e, n r is he one
of "the people of a State," and tn<Woie he is no!
included in the words which the S natci r< a 1 horr
the Gonsti eilion. The question v oitld b more
correctly ila'ed to be, what right has any Sf Jfc tt
perform that process of naturalization which is ex
clusively confided to the General Government' Bu
he asks, who has a right to contest the consul u
tionality of the Constitution of 'he State of Michi-
gan. I say to him, you have; e> try man has wha
lives under the Constitution of this Union. It a
State Constitution declares tha aliens may vote
then their votes may aflect the compos.tion of the
House of Representatives, or oí the Senate, and so
eventually th? question might come into these bo-
dies in judging, as they respeclivdy have a light to
judge, of the qualifications of persons returned ao
member;, of tne two Houses
The Senator supposes as a case pos lble, thai
Congre.s should reiuse to pa„s any naturalization
law, and he asks, what is then to be the condition
of large bodrs oí emigrants to this country' There
are tve o answers to be given to this cuestión Firs ,
if Congres  should fail to ptss naturalization laws,n
fails to do its expre*s duty, a duly to which it is
bound undet the Constitution. Congress has passed
such laws, and I presume it always wi'l There
may be a difference as to the time to be pre-
tctibod as a probationary period, but therp can be
no dtubt as the obligation of Congress to fix; some
rule.
But there is yet anothei answer If Congre i
fails "o make prousion on the subject, then tie
right reverts and accrues to each Stale, exactly
a., it would accrue should Congress neglect to pas„
a uniform bankrupt law But for another clause
in the Constitution which declares that no Slate
shall pass a.iy law impairing the obligation ol ton-
t icts, but ior th? t, every ¡State would have the
ngh . There is no sUUi ob lacle in relation to
naturahzation. 1 h-< ve no desire to pre<s this ma -
tor, but if the gentleman is vciy desire us of ¿n
abstiact argument on this pom', I am ready. It is
not necessaiy, howevei, to enter into it, my only
purpose wasto entei a cat eat against the doctrine
advanced by him, as being, iq my judgment, nol
constitutional The right to vote implies citizen
ship necessinly, es>stntia)ly, althe ugh the converse
ol the proposition does not apnly then comes
>n ill" Slalp anthoi ty, but the State has no au
thoiity to conlei tie- clec ive franchise on any
1 icgiu who is not a ronsiiluent pit tion oi
the people ol the Sta'c—who is not A membci
of our pol tica! ce mmcnity— ibo is i ot ireril
the peop'e of the Unite d SU'es. Tli.it meo po'a
tion ot aliens into our roc ety is a'i i ííi e coná 1 i,
and wiselv confided to Cingrc- aline A Sia'c
mayconfei any other pnvileges it pleases—allow ti -
teigners to hold and uansm.t 1 md , but it ciinet
malm a citizen ofalereigner—it < aim t m ike an
alien my lellow citizen, without the consent ol
oui common Government Nureanit invent bun
with those privileges, the exis cure a>d exercise of
which necessarily imply the cxis pnce oí citizen-
ship, I protest against th' n„nt o! any Stale,
by its sepárate action, to dis urb th" balance of
political power between the S ate1;, orlo affe t the,
political coni'uion   of the people of oihei feta'cs
The Scna'or seems to think it ea y, after the
4 h of Mprch next, to gut rid of ihis new pre emp
tion Kv should in now pass, and bes esi.sdelight-
ed, he appears to chuckle at the th u«ht ihat he hdi
go hole1 ef i lilt e popular measure, and that it
will be a chili"! It mat ei to repeal it Why, sir,
I hr aid think that after cc ting land liaps ior the
people loi these twelve icais ¡?=tand.'II in vain,
il;t benator ardtis party would no1 be o \ery
singuint in th 'i ex[c taiions oi tha succe.t, cf a
rev O'ip Yin hive had aU the e tr?pv ior the
po¡ uk-r iavo for a period ni w oí tvelve years,
nd what have you git by them' About as much
"s you Me likely to gel h're tier you have i,ot
lour o U of Ihv nine andS'atcs' Tne more trjp
you >.!, the iti.er Statco yo¡ til catch. And
now, in co'ici'iSiOP, if I mipht bo a low d to give tci
the gentl man ai. Í hi> fnent's iiy since e, anl i
hope unobti us ve advice, I would lenund them 311
that, m the Ion? run at.d on the great «¡ciie in poli
tics and m private hie, honesty is I'ebtit policy
Mr WRIGHT said le would not protract the
debate. With the aigument he w?s con tilt, as
the honorable Senator had not materially íefeired
to it.
In the closing remark of the Senator, that "honesty"
was the best policy m politics, as in pjivale life,"
he hearti'y agreed witn him, and however the pasl
might have bten, he earnestly hoped that the
maxim might be the Senator's constant rule oí
action in the long and prosperous life he wished
him
To a single position which the honorable and
learned gentleman had laid down, he must entd
h« earnest dissent, and but for that, and the feat
rtat silence on his part might be tortured into as-
sent, he might have felt at liberty to omit this entire)
reply. The position was that a non user of a
power, expressly granted to thi  Government m
th- Constitatiou, opeiated to confer that power,
and the exeicise of it, upon the States. To such a
po it on he could not a«sent, nor could he permi
his silence to be construed as assent to a doctrino
which seemed to h m so subvelsive of the very
theoiy of written constitutions.
As to the remarks of the Senator in re-
lation to the expression of the people of tha
counery at the late elections, on the subjecf
cf the Independent Treasury measure, Ihe had
nothing to add to what had formerly passed
between them upon that point They had then
differed as to v hat thp verdict of the people, at the
la'e elect'ons, had dec ded upon that point, and it
was not likely that further discussion between them
would lessen those differences. It was enough for
him to know that a new party was in power; and if
rtey repealed that measure, he hoped they would
replace ¡t by one which would be wiser and better,
and more acceptable to the people.
Mr. LINN addressed the Senate at some length
m reply to Mi  Clay.
Aftei a few words from Mr. HUBBARD, the
debate was again adjourned, and the bill was m-
fcrmally passed over.
REMARKS  OF   MR. ANDERSON,
or MAINE,
hi tke'IIovie of Sepresentahtes, December 30, 1840
-—On the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the'amendment of Mr Shbpabd, repealing the
pension art of 1837 had been agreed to.
Mn ANDERSON of Mame desired to inquire
of the honorable member from Massachusetts, if
the bill he tnitnded to effer as an amendment to
the bill now uneiei consideraron, should the vote
tf yesterday Le reconsidered was the bill agreed
upon b> tie Comm'ttce on Naval Affairs yester-
day Mi llEi d lephed, that it was ¡lie bill adopted
by ihe ce mm ttee, with an additional section, ex-
it nehng to all the widows and children now on the
pension list, he same amount of pension they
now receive, for the further period of five years.
Mr ANDERSON ihen stated, that the committee
had unanimously agreed up n a bill, regulating
and definir g tne future distribution of navy pen-
sions, and bad mstruc ed him to impiove the first
opportunity of presenting it to the House, and
also to ask thp t it be made the special order for
some early day m the session—a duty which he
should not In! to perform at the earliest moment ;
and he vvas satisfied, that the protracted discussion
which this bill and amendment had produced,
would predispose the House to a prompt considera-
tion of the measure.
He had trade this inquiry and this statement, m
ore'er that ti e House might fully understand the
ti ue p smon of this ca«e. Ii seemed to him, that
the argument with whicn the amendment of his
friend fiom North Carolina was originally met,
vsaj rft least in a fair way  o be entirely removed ,
'oi after a three days' d bate upon the expediency
of repeal  g ih s obnoxuus law of 1837, which
was the substance o' his amendment, it could not
scriojsly be contended that ihe House were acting
with ?ny incoi -sidcraie ha te, or that members
cou d not vo'e understandirgly upon it. Sir, if 8
tithe e f the di cussion whicn this motion has occa-
sitned, Lad been bestowed upon this most extraor-
dinary act of 1837 no one will pretend that it
could have had ihe slightest chance oí passing, and it
has exciied the as omshment of every one fami-
liar witn the operation of that act, that, m
a body where every question prove kes discus-
sion and debate, a measure so important m its con-
