Dec. 1840._________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._____                                   S;
26th Cong-• "2nd Sess.                                   Pension act of1837—Mr. Jlnderson.                                                        H. of Reps.
sequences could have gone through the House
without question or opposition. I recollect inquir-
ing of th« honorable member from Massachusetts,
who generally bestows so watchful and vigilant a
care over every thing connected with the naval
service, how this most extravagant and ruinous
bill could have escaped his observation. He gave
me substantially the same account he has now
given to the Mouse. I put the same question to
another distinguished member of the committee
from the State of Delaware, not now a member of
the House, and received from him a similar answer.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wish,] also
a member of the committee, had informed us that
he was engaged in other inquiries, and knew
nothing of it. How much good may have resulted
to the country from his investigations into other
supposed abuses of the Government, I pretend not
to say. We have, in that part of the country from
which I come, a homely maxim; "that an ounce
of prevention is worth a pound of cure;" And I
cannot but think it unfortunate for tbs public inte-
rests, that these gentlemen who were then on the
committee, could not have found time to look a
little more carefully into this measure, emanating
as it did from their own committee.
But, sir, the mischief has been done, and under
the operation of this law of 1837,tntitled an "Act
for the more equitable administatton of the
navy pension fund" this magnificent fund of nearly
$1,200,000 has been entirely exhausted, and this
enormous list of pensions is now to be fastened
upon the public Treasury, unless this law is now
repealed, oi some other measure adopted which
shall limit and restrain the bounty of the Govern-
ment. By the opeiationof this and other pession
laws, persons have been included as beneficiaries
of this fund, who-e claims for pensions rest upon
the mo:t flimsy and unfounded pretences. Not
only have you given a retrospective operation to
this act of 1837, thereby giving to officers now
in the navy, and to the widows of tho.e deceased,
many of whom were in effluent circumstances,
enormous sums, to some of them as much as
$20,000 at a payment; but you have given to those
now in service, pensions tor life, and there are
officers holding a h gh rank in the navy, now re-
ceiving iheir ful! pay, and yet drawing pensions for
total drability—a degree of lavish liberality, to
which, I will venture to say, the legislation of no
country upon earth can present a parallel.
In the remarks I made upon the amendment pro-
posed to be reconsideied a few days since, I al-
luded to somi of the abuse* which had grown out
of this law. I have since ascertained, that thirty-
eight officer.*, now in service, ¿nd receiving full
pay, hive been placed upon the pension list by the
operation of tbat act, and are now receiving both
pension and pay.
Sir, it is time to .-top this gross perversion of the
public charity, and i trust that the facts developed
by this discussion, will lead to a speedy arrange-
ment of this whol3 matter, upon principles cf just
and reasonable economy. I voted yesterday for
the amendment of the member from North Caro-
lina, not because I believed it would remedy the
folly of the past, or afford any sufficient protection
for the luture, but because I would not refuse to
vote tor the repeal of an obnoxious law, and be-
cause, in making the first appropriation from the
public Treasury to pay these claims, I would couple
with it something which should evince a determi-
nation on the part of Congress to retri.ee its siep-)
in this matter, and return to a sounder and better
policy. Tnere is a difference of opinion as to the
operation of the repeal; and though some gentle-
men seem to apprehend lhat it will at once strike
from the pension lists all pensions established under
it, others entsrtain a contrary opinion. The Se-
cretary of the Navy, in his annual report of last
year, fully expresses the opinion that it will not
disturb existing righ's. Even if it did so, there
are other laws behind it, which, excepting the re-
trospective operation, are almost as tad; and the
repeal of this act of 1837. revives the act of 1834,
which is nearly as comprehensive and profuse id
its provisions as the other, limiting, however, the
pensions in all cases to the term of five years.
The only adequate remedy is in the enactment of a
3
bill which shall limit and define all pensions now
established, and hereafter granted. Such a bill,
embodying the'views of the committee, will be pre-
sented. This bill, with the exception of the sec-
tion I have refened to, expresses the unanimous
sense of the committee, has been considered with
great care, and I hr pe will bo adopted by the House;
it is just and liberal to those who have really suf-
fered in the service of the country, and provides a
limited gratuity to ihe families of those who have
lost their lives in the performance of their duties.
It, however, gives no pension to those already re-
ceiving pay from the Govcrnmen', and limits to a
reasonable extent the amount of arrearages to which
the applicants shall be entiiled.
Upon one point, the committee, during the three
years that I have had the hoaor to belong to it, have
been entirely united—and that is, in condemning the
provisions of the act of '37. They bave at former
sessions reported bills providing for its repeal; the
Senate have also passed bills to the same effect,
and every gentleman who has spoken on either
side, during this debate, seems equally hostile to it,
Why, then, should we hesitate to repeat it, even if
the process be a little irregular or unusual?
Mr. A. said he had regretted that thisdebate had
assumed a party character, and that gmtlemen had
undertaken to arraign the policy and conduct of
the Secretaty of the Navy and the present Admi-
nistration in connection with this subject. It,teem-
ed to him that ihe coarse of the Secretary, in rela-
tion to this matter, had been not only wholly irre-
proachable, but highly creditable and praisewoithy.
From the first entrance of Mr, Paulding upon the
duties of his office, he had admonished Congress of
the,effect which the operation of this act of 1837
was producing upo.i the navy pension fund, and
eirnestly and unceasingly lecoinmended i!s repeal
—he has repeatedly apprised us tbat the iund
was rapidly diminishing, and would be soon
entirely exhaus'ed, and that a demand would
be made upon the National Treasury to
make good the deficiency. So careful has he
been in the adrmni'-tration of this law, that he has
sent cases—when for a merely nominal service in
the navy, large sums would be ab-tracied from the
fund—to Congress, with a detailed statement of the
effect of their admission. These cases, one of
which is now befoie me, were leferred to the Na-
val Committee; but that committee, not deeming
it proper to interf-ie with the administration, oí the
law, declined expressing an opinion, and ihe claim,
to the amount of ten or twelve thousand dollars,
has since been established and paid. These sug-
gestions and admonitions of the Secretary fell up-
on reluctant and unwilling curs. Congress failed
to apply the proper remedy; and now, when we are
called upon to appropriate $150,000 out of the
public Treasury, to continue these payments, and
the subject has forced itself upon the attention of
C ingress, it is neither just or fair to attempt to
charge the Sicretary wi'h what he bas so earnestly
and incessantly labored to avert.
The member from Nor h Carolina has given so
minute and accurate an account oftthe origin of
this Navy Pension Fund, lhat I do not deem it
nccetsary particularly to advert to it. Tnere is
one point, however, upon which gentlemen -e^m
to be laboring under a strange delusion. They
seem to imagine tbat this fund was originally the
property of those who made the capture?, from the
avails of which it wai formed, and that the Go-
vernment is now bound to reimburse its entire
amount. This is a great mistake, and must pro-
ceed lrom an entire misccnception of its origin.
The amount appropriated to this fund consisted in
no part of the money belonging to the captors, but
was the share belonging by law to tru* Govern-
ment, and entirely separate and distinct from that
portion awarded to the officers and ciew who
made the capture?. It was a mere gratuity at
first, and if it has been improperly or impro-
vidently applied and administered, it has not
been directed to any other branch of the pub-
lic service. 1 hepe neither to see this fund rein-
stated, or any other similar one accumulated. If
pensions or re «aids are properly due to officers of
the navy, let them be paid directW out of the pub-
lic Treasury, and this will afford the suiest corteo
tive of extravagance and abuse. Under the view
of this'case which some gentleman take, there is
an ther class of claimants which, in my judgment,
present much stronger claims upon the liberality of
the Government, than those we are now consider-
ing; and I was gratified to hear the gentleman frota
Massachusetts [Mr. Saltonstaix] bring them to
the notice of the House. The widows and fami-
lies of those whose personal enterprise and bravery
in the private armed vessels of the United States
poured millions into your Treasury, are now en-
tirely unprovided for, the small fund, of two per
cent upon the amount of prize-money being long
since exhausted. Tnere ate some thirty of those
widows, whose husbands fell in battle on board
the;e vessels, most of whom are in destitute cir-
cumstances, and who have been, for several ses-
sions, entreating >ou to continue the small pittance
heretofore granted to them, a few years longer.
While ycu have turned a deaf ear to these merito-
rious petitioners, and while you have doled out
your chanty with the most parsimonious reluctance
to the offi-ers and soldiers of the Revolution, you
have not hesitated to bestow extravagant gratuities
upon those who have been continually receiving
the most liberal allowances.
Sir, I repeat, that I am gratified that this subject
has at length at'racted the attention of the
Hou.e; and lhat whether the vote of yesterday
be reconsidered or not, the whole subject of
navy pensions will be considered and revised
by the House at an early period of the session.
Mr. NAYLOR said that, ever since the com-
mencement or this debate, he had been endeavor-
ing to get the door for an opportunity of addressing
the House. When the bit! was first introduced,
he thought he had something to say upon it, but
all his intended observations had since been so
much better piven by other gentlemen, that he
should not now trouble the House with what he
should otherwise have submitted. Yet, inasmuch
as he had been a member of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, he thought it due to himself to explain
his po.ition in relation to the subject, and thus
place himself right before both his friends and ene-
mies. He hoped th« vote of yesterday would bs
recouside-ed. How did ihe matter at present
stand? The first section of the bill, which had
been pasted, provided for \hr payment of pensions
accruing under t'.e law of 1837, ?s well as under
other pension laws, it provided over $150,000
for this nurpor-e. But w' at next? After the
House hid v.isely enac cd flus appropriation for
the express parpo-e of carrying the provisions of
the act of 1837 into effect, then it had im-
mediately taken another s'ep and declared that
the very law it had provided to fulfil was a bad
law in into, and should be at once repealed! In
this there was not only a gross inconsis'ency, but
there was something else, which the whole history
of the pa-rsagc of the act oí 1837 would exhibit.
What wa.Mtnhi4ory?
The subject of n.ivy pcns.on-, had occupied Con-
gres? almost the whole oí' the last session. A bill
had been passed ia the Senate and sent to the House,
whew it had been referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. That commi.toe acted on the bill.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Anderson] in
the eloquent and very sensible speech which he
had just made, had told the House what the com-
mittee had done. They had reported a bill, and
what was its effect? To annihilate the law of
1837? Not at a'l; but to continue many of its pro-
visions in full force. It went to continue the bill
which had yesterday been repeated. But was that
hasty repeal as act of wiss and prudent legislation?
If a man had an inflamed arm, would he, to get
rid of the inflammation, cut his arm off? So if
there existed in the Sta'e a defective statute, in
part sound and wholesome, and in part injuríeos,
to get rid of the injurious feature, must a wise Le-
gislature destroy that which was good and wise,
and which the justice and the gloiy of the countrj
demanded' The bill which the gentleman from .
Maine had presented as the result of the delibera-
tions of the Nival Committee, went to continue so
much of ihe act of 1837 as was sound and whole-
some, while it cut off on'.y that portion of it which,
was unsound and was injuring the body politic.
