Jan. 1841.________     _
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
cessful ambuscade, they were superior, far superi-
or. Exposed to neighbors like thtse, was it unrea-
sonable that the people oí Missouu and Arkansas
were anxious to invite among trum all the settlers
they could get?—that they should be in favor of
pre-emption laws?—especially when it was remem-
bered tbat those laws d-d but carry out the great
and pervading principle on which the entire conti-
nent had been in the first instance settled? The
French and Spanish Government asked no money
from the settlers of their wild lands—all ihey de-
manded was inhabitation and cultivation. They
wanted men—farmers, cultivators of the soil.
And then, to encourage a spirit of devotion to the
public good, they rewarded meritorious services
by additional laud grants. Many of their colonies
had thus been planted. Even as a mere financial
measure, the present bill would do much toward
filling the coffers of the coming Administration.
The new lands on the River Platta district alone,
when brought into maiket, would brmg into the
Treasury a million and a half of dollars.
There was another point to which the honorable
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] had alluded,
▼iz: the prospect of increased revenue from the
lands, by a graduation of their price. Look at the
so much vaunted land system, and see what had
been its practical operation. The amount of land
which a settler conld take up was at first 160 acres-:
from this it had teen reduced to 80 acres. Did this
lessen the land sales? No, it had gre-.tly increased
them. The principle h<id been pushed still further,
and the quantity reduced to 40 acres. And did not
a similar result follow? Were not the sales in-
creased? And as this had been the effect of lessen-
ing the quantity, why should it be doubted that a
reduction of the price of inferior lands long re
glected would have the like consequence? The
Senator seems to think it very unreasonable, ridi
culous, to hold such an opinion—it was his opi-
nion. He believed that the result, if ever the ex-
periment is made, will prove it. lie considered the
opposite opinion supremely ridiculous. General
Hani on was held upm Missouri and elsewhere in
the West and Southwest as a pre-emption man.
Votes were claimed for him expressly on that
ground. He was spoken of by his friends as "a
log cabin man," and we were told that he would
extend his favor to the mhsbiian's of log cabins all
over the United States. If left to himself—if per-
mitted to act from the promptings of his own judg-
ment, and according to his pergonal knowledge of
Western life, it is probable he may; but it seemed
to bim, from what he could gather of his sayings
and doings, (and they seem something like the inar-
ticulate whisperings of the ancient prophetic
shrines,) that it is very hard to conjecture what his
course in this or any other respect will be. But
it had been charged upon Mr. Van Baren that his
opinions in relation to the public lands ha I under-
gone a change, from the influence of certain mdi-
• viduals that had access to his private ear. What
had the settlers to expect from Gen. Harrison, after
the bold avowals that had been made that day by a
person that might be considered a power behind the
throne greater than the throne itself? We shall
soon see.
He knew they were under great disadvantages at
the present time for bringing forward this measure,
or any other of a liberal nature, in regard to the
public lands. "Missouri, Louisiana, Wiskonsan,
Arkansas, and a few other States and Territories,
are left to fight this great battle alone, as the new
States are rapidly becoming old States, in relation
to the public domain. It is the interest of the old
States, as they seem to tb nk, to advance the price
of the public lands. Pre-emption may suit a
temporary purpos«s, by filling the exbaus'ed cof-
fers of the Governmeni; but their abiding, perma-
nent interest, is to bold up these land*, and get a
high prise for them, to go to the immedia'e filling the
State treasuries.
But looking t > this question in an enlarged national
point of view, it seemed to him thatevery reasonable
encouragement should be given to the extension of
our settlement-:, to aid in the development of our
resources. Under the invitation of the Govern-
ment adverted to, the extensive and fertile regions
in upper Illinois, Wiskonsan, and Iowa, were ra-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Huntingdon.
ndly peopled. The flourishing and populous towns
of Ga'ena, Dubuque, and many others, sprung
into existence like magic, and in a few years the
wilderness was made to blossom like a garden.
Look for one moment at the results. This people
dug from the bowels of the earth hidden riches, and
from that time have increased the preduction of
lead until it amounts to fifteen or twenty millions
of pounds annually; being enough, perhaps, to
render as independent of foreign powers for tbis
important article so necessary to our defence in
time of war. Ant!, sir, Massachusetts and other
manufacturing States upon the Atlantic border,
where labor is cheap, are as much or more inte-
rested in thus producing national wealth as we are,
as they furnish manufactured articles in return for
raw material. His own constituents (he said)
had also contributed in this way to the sum of na-
tional wealth by the annual produc'ion of several
million pounds of lead, much of which has been
made from the public lands or private property
acquired under different pre emptioo laws. They
were now turning their attention, with energy, to
the cultivation of hemp; and such was the value of
the article for its fineness, silkmess, and strength,
that it commanded in the Boston market $20 per
ton more than Kentucky, and was now beginning
to be imported into ihe State of Kentucky for the
purpose of being wrought into cotton bagging. He
understood from undoubted authority that is is
stronger than the best Russian hemp. This hemp
was raised upon lands the title to most of which
was acquired under the operation of the pre-emp-
tion laws, or by squatters, who are now awaiting
the passage of one. Th s was important for
the support of na important arm of national de-
fence, v z: the nsvy How was it that Daniel Boon
commenced the ?ettlement of Kentucky? There
were then no such laws as our pre-emption laws,
taking from the settler $1 25 per aere for his
lands; no law to restrain him from the wilderness.
He roamed and squatted where he pleased, and no
one knew better than his friend [Vfr. Crittenden]
what had been the results. Driven from Kentucky
by injustice, and impelled by his love of danger,
he sought a lonely spot in Missouri, on the extreme
frontier of civilization, and squatted on the public i
ands, and contributed to its defence. It seemed
as if his fearless sp'nt still hovered over what was
once his favorite haunt, and pointed his descend-
ants to the shores of the Western Ocean; and these
descendants are now requesting Mr. Linn to use
his influence to get them appomtme its in any exp ••
dition fitted out tor the Oiegon Teintory. It was
to be regretted that this old man, this hardy and
adventurous pioneer, could not have lived a few
years longer to see this broad Union stre'chirg it-
self from one great ocean to the other.
Boon was a living type, an impersonation as it
were, of th? spirit which had settled this continent.
Mr. L rejoiced to see tbe same spirit in full force
and action to this hour. God forbid he should ever
see it stopped; but tbat could not be. done. The
whole force of the Government could not stop it;_
be defied them to do it. Looking at the whole
course of the American Government and nation in
relaUon to the public domain and commerce, it
seemed to him to b® governed chiefly by an eye to
dollars and cent*. He saw how his countrymen
suffered themselves to be kicked about and imposed
upon; how they permitted their property to be de-
stroyed upon the ocean and upon the land, and
their citizens murdered within the very sight ot our
own shores. He saw their patience, their meek-
nes>, their forbearance; but what was at the bot-
tom of it at all? The dollars and cents. What a
contrast did this exhibit to that prominent and ad-
mirable feature of the British system of policy,
which was to protect the man, the British subject,
wherever he mghtbe! Without this, she never
conld have stood so long the enormities of her sys-
tem. He thought that, as American citizens, we
ought to feel proud while witnessing the march of
the Anglo-Saxon race in its onward progress for
the benefit of the human species. He would re-
joice to see it surmount the rugged tops of the
Rocky mountains, ana, pouring over into the fer-
tile valleys beyond, firm, by its presence and its
bravery, an impenetrable barrier against  Great
GLOBE.                                                       S5
Senate.
Britain on the Nor.h. Let the free race of Ameri-
can pioneers go onward West, carrying their love
of liberty and sit their free and beneficent institu-
tions with ihero; and he wou'd be the man to en-
eourage iheir progress by every means within the
compass of bis ability, even to the utmost verge of
the continent. When the bill in regard to the
Oregon Territory shou'd come up, Mr. L. hoped
the Senator fiom Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
might take the same view ot i the subject which he
did, ana that he should then enjey all ihe benefit of
his powerful aid. It was the State from which that
Senator came, and Ins own i.auve State, that first
settled us lands under th« system of ir->e occupation
of the public lands. Ti'cy came first into the
great wilderness; their fathers had had the brunt
to bear; and Mr. L hoped one day to g«e a
noble monument erected, it not to these bold
and enterprising men, at le?si to the noble-souled
women who had fol'o-'cd their husbands into the
wilderness, and shared their toils and dangers.
Cheated they had been, and wronged in every prac-
ticable way, by the petty county coutt lawyers and
other reptiles who were eyer tound haunting the
precincts of a court; and now, to tins hour, they
were pursued by the same class of wretches—heart-
less speculators—who were every %here prowling
along our frontier, but who were not permitted by
public opinion to wrong them. The.-e advancing
pioneers weie made of stuff which pnsented a tre-
mendous battery for the protection of the secondary
class which followed in iheir foUsteps. They hew-
ed down the timber; they subdued and extermi-
nated the beasts of prey; they di^rovertd and de-
veloped the n.uur-ii ¡esouices of the cuntry; they
compelled the roving Indian to rreede and seek
more distant hunUog-gnium's; th->y added to the
national wealth- and wou'd ¿citSemsn forego ad-
vantages like these ior the sake of making some
five or six cents more an acre ior the public lands?
Why should not a pre-empt'oi hill be prospective
as well as retí ospecüve? It ¡>tch a law was fit
and right to cure a would after uba! leen made,
why not adopt a measure which .should cause there
to be no wound1 Inegal couibi&a'iois of citizens
for mutual support against pre emption restrictions
which they deemed oppiessive theie, would always
be on the frontier. An ar.ny id 30,000 would be
vain to suppress them Way not supersede the
cause and the temptat.or?
As to adiitnbut.on ot the p oc tdo of the pnblu
domain a cons; the S'a'es, ae Wi ulJ gue it here as
his opinion th it, shoni: sin h? i.va «re ever pre-
vail, the í'ievi'a'o'e \ >>u!d be th.t the lmds would
be held up fiom «ale f,o i yat to year, until (as
he had heard sugg'-sted by an honorable Senator
once on tbat flooi) 'he.r u ue ioa hed $30 an acre.
He greatly regretted tha', by wuv-i-e and mistaken
legislation, men should be sr flgly, irresistibly
tempted, nay,compelled, to evi^c the law, and,
still more, the attenpt to en'o:i.e uch law by the
armed troops oí th? Ua t.d Sia'fcs Should a con-
test of that miserable c'wp t "er <ake place, no
man who kcew the pemil" of th • West coald doubt
for a moment how ¡t lai i te'-r-inaie.
The bill having been ordureJ to be panted, to-
gether with all the amendments h.therto adopted,
Tne Senate adjourned.
Thursday, Janutrj ?, 1841.
The order (f the day be ng ths Dill to establish a
permanent prospective ptc-euip ion systemm favor
of settlers on the public lam's who shall inhabit
and cultivate the -same, and raise a Jog cabin
thereon-, and the quest-on being on the following
amendment offerel by Mr. Prsntis? of Vermont,
as a substitute for the whole bi'Ji
"Str.ke out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert the following: That every actual settler on any
of the pnhhc lands to which the Indian tule has
been extinmivhed, except such as are hereinafter re-
served, being the head of a family, or over twenty-
one years of age, who w*s w possession and a
housekeeper, by personal res dance thereon, at the
time of the passing of this act and for four months
next preceding, shall be enti'led to a pre-emption in
the purchase of the land so settled upon, not ex-
ceeding one quarter-section, at the minimum prict
now established by law."
