NDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40_________________
26tii Cong.•••2nd Sbss.
We have studiously avoided ail such dis'incuons
in our legislation upon ih s sahject. Aliens and
citizens are alike entitled to take ¡?ni ho'd our pub
lie land?;'hey have been alike piotected by our
pre-emption policy; and I am et a loss to find any
good reason why any difference shou'd now be at-
tempted to be made—1 am at a lots to discover any
sausractory reason ior sayrnj to the foiti ner, }ou
may take our land*', subject to ^riv.ne entry, but
you must be excluded from becoming a pro«pective
pre-emptioner; sayirg to the foreifner, you may
go'on to the public land which has nit been
brought into the market, and if you cultivate and
improve it with the intent of making a permanent
settlement, Congress, will, by a reaosp^ctive pre-
emption law, protect and sustain you in your right ,
but you cannot be permitted, by th  authority ot
public law, to take up a quartet section i f ihe pub-
lic land with ever so hrnesta ruiposc This is a
distinction without a difiVre 'ee—this is a ltmd ol
refinement entirely above rry comprehension—this
seems to me to be so gro ¡> an absurdity, that it
only requires to be staled bat to be condemned
Mr President, I can t 'crate no such principle, I
an disposed to carry out, as fai as I am able, the
liberal, generous and ju provisions of our gene-
ral land system. This is but in accordance with
the practice of many of the Slates of this Union
In my own, foregners muy pnichise and hold
lands; but, unless they b c m  niturali?ed citizens,
they cannot transmit l^em by died or by descent,
but they will escheat to the & ate
After the able and eonUu ne areum**!! touch
ing this point, of the Senaioi fiom New York [Mr
Wrmht,] I shall forbear addirg any thing further
The Senator from Connecticut objects to the de
tails of the bill «ported from the Commntee on
Public Lands, and complains that the terms of set-
tlement, the period of oecupauon, are 100 vague,
and too uncertain I am lito to adrm , sir, that
I would like to sue the icqmremtnls oí ihe ettlei
more distinctly defined, and I hope yet to'-t.e the bill
improved in this parieular But, Mr, let us not
lose Sight of Ihe lmrrediate quest on befoie the Se
Bate. That question is, ^h ill ti e « hole bill, the goo 1
and the bad details, the irieii pio^pectm pnncip'e
itself, be stricken out, and t'c amend/ " t pro
posed by the Senator fiom Vermont be substituted'
This, sir, is the question, and to this amendment 1
am Utterly opposed, because it does not contain the
prospective principle I differ entirely fiom the
Senator from Conrecticu', with reference to the
provisions of this bill. It seems to mo impossible
that, under the terms cf tt.i bill, a pic emption
light can be aequued to nioic than one hun-
dred and sixty aeies ol land, or to any land
to which the Indian till  his mi be«u c ft n-
guisned. Ncr can 1 discover how th s bill
cahbe made to enure to the b"rii fit ol sp cuUi >rs,
or how the great object ol actual setikrient ar d < e-
cupation can be defeaud As fir ;sr y know-
ledge extends, <>ur pie-emp'von laws hube to have
operated to the exclusive benefit rf the actual and
honest settler. But aga n I sir, if the bill does not
effectually secure that obj ct, I will agree to any
amendment which shall lock lo the accomplishment
of such a purpose The fiist stun n cf the bill,
from which I have made ihe subjoined extract, dis-
tinctly avow? the object of ¡he fnends oi thk, mea
sure; it distinctly asserts ihe p ospscttve pre emp
five principle- and ihis is the great feature of the
bill I wish to preserve unimpaired As it rej-peas
the details, I stand leady t,> ¿giee to all such as
shall practically carry out the principle. The first
section declares:
"Thatfrom and after the pis^i  ol tin-act, every white per
son,bciug theheadof a family i wid w, oi single man over
the st¡je of eighteen ji-ir^, who shall moke a settlement on
any ol the public ¡auds to w hi^h tit > in han ttt'e has been or
shall be extinguished wlie hei the same b surveyed or not, or
who may have settled on such lat (l nice ihe fitst day of Junt,
eighteen hundred and forly -M'utiosh 1/ inhibit and impiove
ihe«ame,anüraisea log cabin or othet dwellnv thueon, shail
tie entitled, to a pre emption in ti i put cli ise oí i quantity of ihe
public landt not exceeding one quai tec ■> ft on tit ksal nib livi
sions,tobepaiáfor attho minimum i net of«ii<h land at the
time of paymg for the same Prnideif T iat no person shall
have the benefit o! tluspreempirve riuhl more than one time
And prended further That no person bung the ownei of'and
in an., tstateor ierntory.who shall quit or alandon his íesi
dence on his own land, to reside on public land m the same State
or Territory, "hall acqtme any right of pre-emption under th s
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Hvbbard.
I shall not be deterred from giving my support
to the bill from any objec ions which hav; as yet
been stated, either by the Sena'or who moved the
amendment, or by the Senator from Connecticut.
It may be well for us to consider what has been
our legislation heretofore m relat on to some of the
o^jec'ions which are now urged against this bill.
The thud and fourth sections of the act of May,
1830, contain the prec se provis oris embodied in
the tixih and seventh sections of the bill before
the Senate, and whan the Senator from Con-
recttcut, as well a-> other Senators, object to
the bill on the ground that every question of 'aw
asd of fact is summarily a"d definitively to be settled
by Ihe register and íeceiver of the district, I ai-
swer that such was tse law previous t", and has
been subs,qaeit lo, ihe act of May, 1830 The
jurisdiction tf the.e pre emp ion claims has beei
given, and pro, erly given, to th'-t-e officers. Tliev
ar*, or should be, men c mptent to deride all ques-
tions wh ch may ot c in I e submitted, and they can
have no inu re t-> in the questions nivolv
id. The bill bed re us requires that instruc-
tions should be prescribed by tin- Commissioner o'
the General Land Office, who is known to act sub-
ject to the supervision of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury. No evil has arisen under the law as it
siands. No objections have been made to that par-
tícula' provision of 'he act of 1830 I am, there-
foie, not di posed to chinge the law in this particu-
lar
The sixth section of the bill, in reference to this
pc int, is in ihe following terms
'That pnor to any entries hen g matte m dtr the pnvilegts
eiven by this act, proof of I tie settlement and miprmeme it, le
cf^u ed iiy its provisions shall be made to tht s i inaction of tile
re^isterand receiver of the I\nd distnct in w nch such tan s
may he, agreeably lo the rules which may be presci tbed by the
Commissionei of the Gtneial Land Office for that puipose
which register and teceivei ••haft, each, be entitled to tereive
fifty cents fet his Sen ices theietn and all issignments, or trans
feisof tlm right of pie emption given by this act, pnoi to the
issuance of patents, shall be null ind void"
And il is an esae' uauscnpt from the act oí
1830. I cannot the e/ore regird th s obj.cüon to
the bill as important.
It is a'so objected that by the teiras of this bill,
lands reserved by treaty fur the use of Indians are
not p-jempted rr nn the operations of this measu'e.
This objec'ion is tu t nell taken Nothing can be
more specific than the piovisiots of the seyenlh
sect on in reference to thi matter I haíf tran-
icnbed that section entire, not only as furnishing a
perfect answer io Ihe objection as siattd, bu' also
to a still farther objection vhieh his been made to
the bill—that it abolishes cash salrs and necessarily
extends a credit to the pun basers of cur domain
The section declares:
1 Th if llmactslktUnot tlela) tht sate of a } of the publtc
t and oí the Uiutnl States, bejotidlhe time uhtch has been, oi
mtybe ippointe 1 foi lhat} uipose bj the Pieaidenl s pioelt
mation norshalt any ol the provisions o! this act be at ail ible
to any pei«on, oi peisons, whoshall fail lo make (he pioof and
payment lequiiecl befoie the d ty appunte) foi the ccnimence
ment ol I lie sale of land, incin t¡n^ ttj« it act oi ti acts, on whicn
Ihonahtof pre emption is claime nor shall the right of pre
emption contemplated by th s act, extend to any land which is
¡eseived fiom sale by actof ( onsrics , or by oidei of the Pre^i
dent, t r which may have been appropnated foj any pinpoao
whatsoe\el  '
Here asatn th.s section is a h eral capy from the
lourth section of the act of 1830—and it doss seem
to me that thesv obj ctionts bave not any sufficient
foundation upon «huh to rest In spite of all of
them, I mus' go for the bi 1. I support it because
I believe it to be in accordance with the instructions
of the Legislature of my own S ate, dnecting us to
use our exertions to produce such graduation of
the prices and limitations of the sale  of th= public
lands as will best pn mote the settlement and ac
tual occupancy of the same.
I sttppor' t} s prospective permanent pte-emption
system to prevent trespasses and intrusions upon
the public do T-ain, wh eh have hnhe'lo been the
subject of so much arid so s_ve e inimadver-ion.
I support this bi I btcause I believe that it will
advance the actual setllemmt o the RildernfSi of
•le West.
I support tb s bill bfcmse it goes to encourage,
protect, and sustain the hon«-t em grant, be be
whom he may
I support th s bill because it practically carnes
out the literal and just policy of our general land
sj steal.
I sujport this bill kcaute it is just in itself—
Jan. 1841,
Senate.
extending equal priuleges and   equal benefits to
all.
I support this bill becau e I cannot fail to re-
gard it as tending to the benefit of an honest and
mcn'orious cla's of our countrymen.
I have opposed the proposition excluding those
worth over five hundred dollars from participating
in the benefits of this bill. I would make no such
odious discrimination. I would prevent no man
who desired to leave the home of his fathers for a
home in the West, whatever might be his estate or
his conditioi in life. Many a man worth more than
that sum has left New Hampshne for Michigan;
and if more choose to take the same road to com-
fort aid independence, they shall have all the aid I
can give fh"m.
Believing, as I do, that the settlement of the pub-
lic doHiain should be the primary object of the
statesman and of the patrio', and believing, asido,
that no more than the minimum price can be ex-
pected oi evsn deseed from the sales of ihe public
lands; and believin?, as I do that the b 11 before us
is admuably calculated to advance the actual set-
tlement and occupancy of the : ow trackless forests
of the West, J go for it I desire io s<=e it become
the law of the land: and in my judgment, when-
ever that time shall come, yon will heir no more of
ihe lawless mtru 'en upon the public domain, you
will find a moving mass of patriotic citizens set-
tling 5 oui outer borders, capable of resis'ing every
encroachment, and of sustaining at all times the
honor and independence of their coutitry.
Mr, YOUJ^CtjoL-Illmois. explained in reference
to the admission, by that State, of aliens to the pn
vil"ge of %otmg. Persons of lhat description
might, until lately, enjoy ih^ el etive franchise in
Illinois altera residence of only -¡x month , whe-
ther they had b>en naturali7fd or no And such
had then been the prac ice foi twenty year^. Nay,
Ihe State had gone 'tiilfuithir When thecountry
was settled by its present occupants, they found
theie many French settlers whose fa'hers had re-
side! on the soil time cut of mind. An J it was fit
that these p't p'e should be secured in the same pri-
vileges as should be granted to new coiners. There
ii a0, especially at that? time, in the courtry a de-
servedly prominent and popular man by the name
of Pierre Menard.—a man without rtp oach, univer-
sally respected and beloved by all, French and Ame-
r cans. And, in framu g the Constitution, a provi-
sion was introduced with a direct reference to his
case. The qualification required for Governor of
the State was, that he should have been a citi2en of
the Unded Stats for ih rty years, pievious to his
election, and it was a1 first provided that trie same
qualification should be icquisite in the case of Lieu-
tenant Governor, but tb,u pro/<si'n lad been al-
tered, with the expios purpo-e of admitting M.
Menard, whom the peiple generally desired lo fill
lhat < ffice. To be a membei of the S ate Legisla-
ture, a man must be a citizen, but for the e ection
of members ol Co^grtss, no such qualification was
neeesssry Tne Constitution of the United States
recognised the same distinction. The e'ectors of
President weie not required to be ci'izens of the
United S aus—the phrase was, "ptrpie of the
United Slate ,' but when it spoke of members of
the House ot Representatives, it lequired them to
b* "citizen?."
One of the first laws passed by the State Legisla-
ture declaud that al ens might lake, hold, and
transmit leal esta'e, and that their widows should
be entitled to a right of clover. And would the Se-
nate now, in reference to the privilege of pie-
emption, mseit an odious d stinction, which did not
apply even to the holding and transmi'sicn of land?
He hoped not. The uistmctton was rejected by
hisState, and he hoped it would not now be esta-
fa ished by Congie<s.
The Stnator frcm Kentucky, ['Vir. Clay ] who
had objected to the admiren of aliens to vote, and
who was so much oppo? >d to ihe present bill, had
slated that (he population if Illinois bad doubled
itself m six years Well, if that was true, á'd that
present a reason «by pwmption laws should not
pass? On the ctntrarj, >t wes the very resscn why
they should
As to the just.ee of th<  meastue now proposed,
ne would put «to gentlemen on either political side
