4é_________"_________       APPENfllX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._________________Jan. 1841.
85th Cong...-2nd Sess.                                     Pre-emption Law—Mr Hubbard.                                    _________________Senate.
them can in good faith violate. Some of these are
of a positive character, such as that they will de-
liver up fugitives from justice, and fugitive slaves
ana servants. Others are negative, such as that
they will abstain from the exercise of powers them-
selves which tbey have delegated exclusively to
the General Government. To reiuse to execute
the former is a crime of omission; to attempt the
exercise of the latter is a crime of eommis.-.ion;
both alike injurious to the other State?. When,
therefore, a State admits foreigners to political
rights, affecting the ac¡ion of this Government,
without naturalization, she violates the covenants
of the Constitution and does injury to her sister
States.
Such was his reading of the Constitution. How
stood the question upon authority He believed
that all interpreters of the Constitution sgree that
the States have alienated exclusive powers of le-
gislation to this Government in three casss only:
1st. Where the Constitution, in express terms,
granted an exclusive authority to the Union. 2d.
Where it granted, in one usance, an authority to
the Union, and in another prohibited the States
from exercising the like authority. And 31. Where
it granted an authority to the Union, to which a
similar authority in the States would be absolutely
repugnant and contradictory. And it wa-, alitle
remarkable that all the commenta'crs on the Ci n-
stitntion, from Mr. Madison down—at least as far
as he was informed—had s. lected this very power
of naturalization asan illustration of the third class
of these cases. In the Constitution of the State
which he had the honor in part to represent—and
but for this fact he would not now have obtruded
himself on the notice of the Senate—as adopted in
1776, there is this clause: "Sec 40. That every
foreigner who comes to settle in this State,
having first taken an oath of allegiance to the
same, may purchase, or by other just means
hold, acquire, and transfer land or other real
estate: and, after one year's residence, (hall be
(teemed a./ne ciiiisn." Under this section, foreign-
er s, by taking an oath of allegiance to the S.afe
may yet acquire, ho!c-l, and transfer lands but, in
the fulfilment of her duties to the Union—-tnd he
trusted she had fulfilled them all—North Carolina,
by her constituted authorities, both 1 gislaiive ami
judicial, had uniformly admitted that, by her adop-
tion of the Federal Constitution, and the passage of
naturalization laws by Congress, the latter clause
of the section just quoted was abrogated; and that
foreigners could become citizens only according to
the uniform rule established by Congress. And he
appealed to honorable Senators if it was jmt to-
wards her, and the other States of the Union who
puta like constt ucirn on the Constitution, that
other members of the Confederacy should adopt a
diffurent rule of naturalization. When the Con-
stitution was adopted, it was declared to be intended
to secure "ihe blessings of liberty to the people of
the United States and their pisterity." Aliens
were no parties to it. But a provision was inserted
by which Congiess mig! t admit them to become
parties, and to share in its blessing?. The Consti-
tution was brought into existence mainty to regu-
late our foreign relations. To Congress had been
given the power to make peace and war wiih oiher
nations; and there appeared to be a propriety in
giving it also the power of determining upon what
conditions the people of those nations should be
admitted to share with us in the privilege of de-
ciding on the question of peace and war with their
native countries.
But the States have agreed by the Constitution
to distribute their relative power in the other branch
of Congress, and in the election of a Chief Magis-
trate, according to the respective numhers of their
people; and, so long as those numbers depend on
the natural course of increase, or on the induce-
ments which might be held out for emigration from
one State of the Union to another, the struggle for
power among themselves was one of fair and ho-
norable competition. But, sir, I deny that in such
a eonteu, any State has a right to invoke as aHies
unnaturalized foreigners. This is a subject of vast
magnitude, to which I desire to call the special at-
tention of Congress and the country. There is
shortly to be a new distribution of power, accord-
ing to the census recently taken of the peop'e of the
United States. Sir, I protest against alier.s being
enumera'ed in that census, or, if so enumerated,
against any State acquiring members of the House
of Representatives, or votes in the Pres'denfal
election, by considering alien*, not naturalized, as
a part cf the people" of such State. This is an
unconstitutional mode of acquiring power, which,
if tolerated, would subvert one of the firu princi-
ples of our Confederacy. And, with proper defe-
rence to the opinions of others, I cannot conceive a
more gross violation of the Constitution, a more-
clear usurpation of power, than for a S'ate to an-
nul or dispense with the laws of naturalization,
and swell its own importance and weight in the
Unicn by the aid of aliens o .ving no allegiance to
this country, but bound by the highest obligations
to take up arms against it in the event of war with
their own Sovereign. Sach an injury is ihe more
grievous because it operates not so much against
this Government as against the constitutional rights
of the co-States of the Confederacy who had not
expressly provided sanctions to prevent such in-
fractions.
He would tike occasion to remind the Sena'e
thai not only personal bravery and adventtrous
spirit, the qualities so much landed by honorable
Senstors from ihe West as characterizing those for
whose benefit this bdl was intended—that not only
these, but the highest degree of virtue and honor,
might co-exist with a deadly hostiUty to Republican
institutions; and he would exhort th-m to beware
how bounties were bistowed on those who ( w;d no
allegiance to the Government.
He had not noticed, in its propr connection,
the precedent alluded to by the honorable .;;r,it!e-
man from New York [Mr. Wright) of the admis-
sion of Michigan into the Union with a clause in
her Constitution allowing foreigners to exercise the
elective franchise. If he had been correctly in-
formed in relaiion to the facts of that case, he did
not conceive that it sustained the doctrine con-
tended for by the Senator from New York.
As he (Mr. Graham) hid unrJerstood, the
Constitution of Michigan gave the right of
voting to the mhabi'ants of that Slate at the
time of its formation; and the act of Congres-i
admitting her into the Union was by imp'ica-
tion a special act of naturalization for the then in-
habitants. He supposed such a law was within
the power oi Congress; and if so. the case of Michi-
gan was not a precedent for this, to him, ne-v and
alarming doctrine; if, however, it were othnwSe,
he could not admit that a sing'e precedent of Con-
gress could overturn what wss in his opinion
the true construction of the Constitution—one of its
most important provisions. He had no feeing of
hostility to foreigners who "-ere disposed to become
citizens according to the constitutional mode. He
believe.l our present regulations on ihe subject were
hospitable and liberal. If they were not enough
so, he was even willing to hear piopositions to make
them more liberal. He, however,?was opposed to
annihilating the uniform rule on the subject of na.
turalizatjon, and bestowing bounties on those who .,
owe no allegiance to our Government.
Mr. PRESTON had not risen with any wish or
purpose of protracting the disenssion; but, as this
ques ion of power had been deba'ed with some
earnestness, hh would say a few words in relation
to it. He re.'ened to a period, some }ears ago,
when he bad the misfortune to differ on cer.aio,
points of State power from the opimr n of many of
his friends, and it was now again his lot in refe-
rence to the question which had been raised. Af-
ter mature reflection, his views were quite different
from those which had been expressed by the two
gentlemen near him, the Senator ¡rem Kentucky
I.Mr. Clay] and ihe SrnaW from North Carolina
[Mr. Giuham ] He did not beleve that the Fede-
ral Government po;sessed any r.ghtnncer the Con-
stitution to look in'o the qualifications of voters in
any State. No such power was expressed in that
instrument, and the power would be nugatory and
its exercise impossible even if it did «xist there
The State of Michigan had determioed that per-
sons other than naturalized citizens might vo'e in
her elections. He held that she had a right so to
determine, and that from  necessity.   The  mem-
bers of the Senate held their teats in that body
by the election of the States; but, if the princi-
ple contended for by these gentlemen were to
be allowed, then, in every case where persons
had voted within the State who were not enti-
tled under the Constitution so to do, this
original vice in the election would pervade the
whole act, and a Senator so chosen could not take
bis seat. He held that the Senate had no power to
go behind the Constitution of a State, and thought
it would be a dang tous usurpation should they
undertake to look into the case of each member at
the electoral college to sí e if those who constituted
i> were or were not duly qualified. The Constitu-
tion provided no particular qualifications for voters,
and if it implied such qualifications, it must be by
a strong net essity indeed. And should a law be
passed to lay down such qualifications, that law
would be against the expre.s declaralien of the
Constitution which provides that the qualifications
of persons voting tor members of Cobgress shall
be according to the State's own determination with
respect to voters for the most numerous branch of
the State Legislature. The whole control over that
subject was given to the States emphatically. The
logical proposition of the gentlemen who held the
opposite opinion amounkd to this: you shall in this
matter imply for the General Government the re-
peat of an express delegation of powei to a State.
The Sta'es had power to declare who should be
electors, for the Constitution provided that those
might vote for electors of President who were
qualified to vote for the most numerous branch of
the Legislature. The Sts.'e declared these qualifi-
cations," mid, therefore, the State had power to de-
clare who should vote for electors of Fresi.lent, but
the dectrine of the gentlemen would go to repeal
and completely abrogate this power.
But if ihe power for which they contended bad
been repo el in the Genetal Government by the
Constitution, it would have been impossible to e¿-
ercise it. Suppose a seat in the House of Repre-
sentatives to be contested on the express ground ,
that persons ^ oted for the sitting member who were
u-ina'uralized ftreigners; and suppose the sitting
member should appe.il to the Constitution of the
Siate which permitted such persons to vote ior
memhers of Congress, could that House look br-
3 ond the State Constitution? Was it for a committee
oí that Hoare to decide that this ought not to be so,
and thus to repeal the Constitution of a State? And
if they once got b-hind the Consiituiion, where
were they to stop? It would, in his judgment, be
wise to confine ihe elective franchise to citizens
alone, but, in the absence of ¡jny cxpre:.s prohibi-
tion, h? would not restrict the right of (he State by
implication. Had Congress any right to do it?
Might it pss;a lawd-claring that none but citizens
of the Unred Sta'es should vote for members of the
State Legislature. He apprehended not. The
Constitution did not say so, and they could not
infer the power. If time served, snd if this were
the time, it would be proper to inquire more gene-
rally into this whole subject. Gentlemen talked of
a ciiizen of the United State?; what was a citizen
of the United Stites? Could any gemleman tell
h'm? Could they define the idea? Was every citizen
of a State a citizen of the United States? Was a
citizen of the United States a citizen of all the
Sta'es? Wa? a man who was a cit zen of the Dis-
trict of Columbia a cit'zen of South Carolina? He
apprehended not. In North Carolina aliens cculd
hold and transmit land, by the Constitution of the
Sate; in Georgia they held under an exptess sta-
tute The States always modified this matter to
sun their own pleasure. A man's holding land did
not make him a citizen of the United States; and
a man's citizenship in the United States did not
make him a citizen of any one State. The States
carefully guarded this right of citizenship, and re-
quired a probationary period of various lengths.
In South Carolina a man must be a citizen of the
Siate befe re he ct uld practise law. On the whole,
he did not see where the rights of the States over
citizenship and the exercise of the elective fran-
chise were abrogated ortsuched by the Constitution.
The question, however, did not affect the present
bill. It mattered not whether a man was a citizen
of the United States or notr   He could purchase
