44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th Cong.. . 2nd Sess.
primera! beauty, covered with herbage and roamed
by countless multitudes of buffalo and deer, and
whatever else can delight the e\e and tempt the
footstep of tie hunter. Are their tendencies to-
ward u=, or toward these vast and inviting hunting
grounds? Will they bi tempted to enter the bouids
of Missouri and Arkansas, and rush upon the rifles
of the settlers, and the bayonets of our troop-, when
theCamanchts and ths Ca'1does> lie beyond them
to the West, whom they may sweep before th°m
into the Pacific? I think not. I think their nauve
tendency lies manifestly westward Stil', with (
their uncertain and malignant temper, it is our duty
to guard against all possible contingencies, and I !
am willing and prepared to do it
He observei, in conclusion, that his object in
rising had only been to speak to the question of
State rights, and not to discuss the bill For one,
he was as much di posed to trust the regulation ot
the elective franchise to the States of this Conre-
deracy as to the General Government, and he felt
content to leave the whole subject where the Con
-stitutisn had place! it.
Mr. ANDERSON of Tennes-ee rose to aldi-ss
the Senate, but yielded toa motion to adjourn
which prevailing—
The Senate thereupon adjourned.               -t      /
Friday, January 8, 1841                *
The order of tha day being the bill to establish
a permanent prospective pre-emption system in
favor of cetlleis on the public lands who shall in
habit and cultivate the ■■ame and raise a log cabin
thereon, and the question being on the fol owing
amendment cffered by Mr Prentiss, of Vermont,
as a substitute for the whole bill
"Strike out all after the enacung clause.and insert   i
the following  That every actual settler on  any of
the public lands, to which the Indian title has leen   !
extinguished, except such as are  ht-re nafkr re-
served, being the hpad of a family, or over twen-
ty-one j ears of age, w ho was m possession and a
hou ek*epei, by personal resident: tbireon, at the
time of the passing ol this act, and fir four months
next preceding, shall be entitled to a pre-emption
In the purchase of ihe land  so settled upen, not
excaeding one quarter sccim, at ihe minimum   '
price now established by law "
Mr. ANDERSON adduced the Sena e as fd-   ,
lows:
Mr. President It is alu ays with extreme re-
luctance that 1 rise to trespass oi ihe attention of
the Senate, but the great interest which ihii ques-
tion has excited, add ih* deep feeling wnh which
it will be received by imi countrymen, and espe-
cially by thosi whom I have the bono,, in pan, t)
represent, will surhiinitly justify me in the humb'e
attempt I ¡hall make t> discharge what I believe
to be my duty upen the pre cnt o tasioti
The policy of ihe tíli, of which ale ne ( shall
speak, without intending to rely, at present, upon
its details, has been rereaiedly recognised in the
legislation of Tennessse, and ha' again and «gun
received the sanction of Congress in their disposi
Hon of the public domain The peop'e of ihis
country have always sympathised deeply with that
hardy, industrious and enierprisirg portion of
their fellow citizens who ^o trom the respective
Sta es, to seek a soluary home in the grewt wi'der
ness of the West.
Str, I feel the full weight of suth co-nideraticns
pressing upon me, and I cannot repre s the abrupt
expression of my entire di^ent from the views
presented by gentlemen on the other ude cf this
House.
If an enlightened foreigner had attended ihe pro-
gress of this debate, he would have receive 1 the
impression that this was a mere question of
finance. Following, by legitimate interence, the
Une of argument pursued by gentl men on ihe
oth r side, the question would have r sen upon him,
whether it was not an evil greatly to be appre-
hended, that our distant borders w< uld be too soon
occupied by bold pioneers, and that the vast wild*,
which have now a scattered population, might pie-
maturely be formed into States, under the guioance
of those industrious cultivator of the soil. He
would have listened m vam to understand, by this
discussion, aDy   great   statesmanlike   objections
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Anderson.
which ought to be interposed against the rap d set-
tlement of the far West.    In va n m ght he at-
tempt to trace any fact in  the history of the rue
and progress of other nations that  resemolcd  the
re tnctive po'icy which so ^t lking'y distinguishes
ihe opposition to  this measure.    It is not to be
found m the action of the mother country towards
us at a.iy period     It is not to be found m th<> co-
lonial history of the grejat nations who are now act-
ing a conspicuous pa-t m the affairs of the worll
It is not to be found in the conduct of Great Bri-
tain, either towards her present  Amercan  pro-
vinces, or her settlements in As a or Afr ca     It is
not ti be found in the history of any of ihe nations
of the earth who<e territorial extension was great,
and whose border-, needed protec'ion, but on the
contrary, the solicitude of every wi<e and patriotic
Government has been to encourage the prcres*. of
their papulation to their u'most   extremitie , to
strengthen and consolidate those dis'ant feUle-nenN,
and teach the envgrant to feel that bis home there,
however lonely, was «acre d    The Rjman empire
planted not only fortre>ses, but backed them by
colonies at a vast expense, upon her remote fron
tiers    To her they were, as they must be to every
nation of the world similarly situated, net merely
the keys of peace and of war, but the shield of de-
fence    A wise people, looking at the relations of
thing'-, will appreciate the magnitud* of such a po-
licy by no present security so much as the possibi-
lity of future danger    The existence of the first is
one of the chief objects of government, as involving
the whole  question or prosperity,  and  to guard
against Ihe latter, one of the gre>t principles of i i
adminis'rative action    It is with thr new, in part,
thit England now seek* to settle  by gratuities I er
American lands    Texas—but the other day fo n -
ed by oar  own people—pursuing a wiser polry
than outselves, offers them st  literal rewards to
llio «■who will  beeone her ei'izens, while we, at
the centre of this great Republic,  receiving the
largest share of the benefits of the, public expendi-
tures,  commencing at  this   point, and  spreading
a'most exclusively upon the Northern Atlantic bor-
ders—we, sir,  m the muKt of such coi Melera ions,
hear this question  debiera ely  treated as ono of
meie finarce, of  pounds    sliding-,   am'   pence
and a   fit  occasion  lo denounce   tne   poor   emi-
grant, foi   daring to  et his  feot  uirn tie pub-
lic soil,  and that 1 e should be be Id ^nd impu-
dent enough to erect a cabin to shelter his house
le^s hear1
Sir, I do not look upon this as  a  mero question
I  of fhanee, tut one of a fai   higher ord r, afreoimv
' deeply the h?ppmoss and  prospen y of ? m gh'y
people, and the multitudes rf exiles who mil seek
our land ps an asylum  from an iron oppresrion,
|  tha has risen and  strengthened  under the feucM
subjection of a thousand yeais    I look, too, to this
1  measure as only the programme lo some system
winch must lecessanly, in the erel, take the anta-
gonist position 'o the proposition here'ofore made,
to distribute among the respeclive States the pro
ceeds of the public lands.    Both projects to which
I refer mrt mainly stand er fall upon he same
great principles.   This, Histiue, is not cemp'ete
in die final disposit on if the public land, and does
not prstpone those vececi questions which must an-
I  nuallv   arise   here,   but   it i? at least  a pioneer
to some equitable system,  which  will  mostsuie
:  ly,   in   the   great   movemtnt    of   thmgs,   come
sooner   or   later      That  other  s}stem lo which
I   allude,   shou'd   bo framed with a   careful re-
gard   to  the   various ínteres s   involved,  and   if
practicable, at least pos es  the merit of a final ad-
jas*ment cf the subject     The present system, how-
I  ever, which is proposed, ought not to alarm ihe fears
of those who  looU sp ciallv to the moneyed con-
I  eerns of the country in connecti n with our public
!  domain, for I do not entertain a doubt that it will
rather add lo than dimmish th  revenues of the
Government     Taal which you will receive, and
that which jouwill «ave in  the   cour e of fifty
years, will advance far bevond the paltry mill ons
which you can cast m o the Treasury, by any nurs-
ing policy for the benefit of the Slates respectively
I refer, sir, to the quantity of land you  will  sell,
and to the accumulation of a massive population,
upon a vastly extended and exposed frontier, whose
Senate.
prc-ence may either overawe to peace the. naturally
belligerant savage, or check his bold and bloody
incursions
I consider this measure, therefore, not likely to
have any unfavorable financial effect, and as pre-
senting the means of promoting the progress, and
providing for the safety of a great nation.
The bill proposes that e/eiy white person being
the head of a family, and every white nun over
the ?ge of eighteen, or widow who shall make a
settlement on any public land, an 1 who shall inha-
bit and improve them, and raise a log cabin or
ohter duelling thereon, siall be entitled to a pre-
emption m the purchase of one hundre j and sixty
acres of land, at the minimum puce of one dollar
and twenty five cents It was attempted to amend
this provision, by add ng the condition, that the emi
gr<mt who was wor'h more than fi/ehundred dollars
should not be enti led to the right of pre-
emption. A regret was expressed on jesterday
that it had failed Nothing, it seems to me,
could be more upjust and invidious than such
a condition, and I rejoice that it has tailed It is
the enterpri e, the industry, and the safely of the
emigrant, without distinction of persons, which
you ^eek to pro ect against the unequal power of
the speculator, and whether he is worth one dollar
or five thousand, all those «moderations apply
with undiminished force to him, while he s'ands
there as one more to be added to the living rampart,
which is tfeus formed foi the defence of the whole
country
But, sir, what is the great policy of this measure?
Tin being settled, for good or for evil, determines
of couise ihe proper line of our ac ion. Is it such
a-, we heard it denounced to be on }esterday? It
was then denominated a system ef "privileges and
bounties'"—asjstm ty w'iich our magnificent
domain would, be exhiKsud' Sir, what privilege,
and what boun y? Tre pnv lege of buying laud
at the m nimum price at which you have fixed it'
Tn> privilege and bounty of being preferred to the
specuh'oi ' That privilege and that bounty to the
ro r and th^ adventurous which alón" can mate
your publ e domain most valuabfe' The privilege
of entering a. wilderness seven hundred miles from
your seat of Governm'n ' A privilege, the natu-
ral result, I might say the necessity, of having cast
the Ind «ns out of our holders' The privilege of
a'sistine to fill your Treasury' This privilege you
confer up n the undismayed adventurer, who goes
forth from the land of his birth, and ihe home of
his childhood, from friends, and kindred, and «ho
p an s towns and citi s where you would have 'o
estall sh a cordon of i ilitary posts. Sir, let it be
remembered, these privileges and bounties fall from
our han j upon the labner, ihe farmer, and the
pioneer, ihe gteit produc ng classes of the commu-
nity like summer showers upon the parched earth '
They are rare, but welcome They are our only
tender merci >s cast upon them, like "angels' visi s,
few and far between "' And shall the humble poor
1 ok to us in vam? Shall we turn them from our
door houseless and homeless, and even forbid them
to strike the axe, and rear their cabin in our vast and
unoccupied forests? Has so 5oun a "change come
o'er the «pint of the dream?" "but jesterday, and
tbey could have stood against the world, now, none
so poor to do them reverence "' Sir, I confess it
struck me with peeul ar force, it sounded strangely
in my ears to hear from the other side of this
Hcu e—trom the party with whom w have so re-
cently contended, this bill which so justly and fair-
ly provides for the poor, the industrious, the enter-
prising, the gieat producing classes of the commu-
i lty, denounced most bitterly, as a "bill of privi-
1 gas and bounties of rewards and punr-hments "
I repeat, considei ng the scenes through which we
have recently passed, i nd the quarter from whence
this came, I was mosf proroundly astonished. It
caines with it a practical commentary, which no
ingenuity can escape, and which requires no elo-
quence to illustrate or enforce. Sir, how soon has
it been forgotten that those very men for whom we
are now iegisia'mg, belong to that great agricul-
tural mass who pursue th  only unprotected occu-
patie n id our count y? How soon has it been for-
gotten that they are the voters and the tax-
payers, from whose hands arc received alt the
