50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th Cong.......2nd Sbss.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Mangum.
Senate.
effect sales    the prices ought  to be   graduated,  j
Well, sir, on the 30th of September, 1837, some j
nine years thereafter, upwards of two millions of
acres of these lands had been sold at ¡he minimum
of  $1   25 per acre,   realizing  vo   the Treasury
$3,726,599—exceeding the estima'es of the officers,
who ought to have been well informed, by  the
um of $979,473, or nearly  one million of dollars;
here then remaining on hand nearly five hundred ,
housand acres, the most of which has since been |
old at the Government price.
I find similar startling discrepancies between
theestimated values and the sums actually realized i
from sales, applying to Indiana, Illinois, Alabama, j
Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, acd Missouri
In the St. Louis land district of Missouri, I find
that on the 30th June, 1828, there remained of
public lands unsold 2,219,426 acres. These lands
were represented as having been in market under
the Spanish Government for forty years, and
under this Government for ten years. It was
further represented that they had been so "picked
and culled" that there did not remain one quarter-
section of first-rate Und. They were valued at
different prices, but the great mass at 12& cents per
acre. The total value was estimated at $333,000,
or about the third of a million of dollars.
Well, sir, again. On the 30th September, 1837,
or about nine years thereafter, the Treasury had
realized |711,000 from these lands, a sum exceed-
ing, the estimated value of the wool* of them by
three hundred and seventy eight thousand dollars,
and leaving then unsold 1,600,000 acres, much of
which, but how much I am unable 10 slate, has
been since sold at the Government price.
I have selected the St. Louis d'sirict simply be-
cause there we find a great bulk of intelligence, and
might have expected more correct information from
that than almost any other district, and yet from
that what a startling difference between the esti-
mates and the facts? I well remember how, nearly
twenty years ago, these halls were invoked in favor
of a graduation bill, and how solemnly we were
. assured that the lands on which it was intended to
operate never would bring the minimum price, it
was argued in reply, and I thought with great ap-
pearance of truth, that, as the country should come
to be gradually settled, and lines of communica-
tion should be opened by turnpikes and railroads,
or other facilities afforded for the transportation oí
produce, the unsold lands would come by degrees
to be contiguous to infant settlements, and would
then go off at the Government price. In a dense
population, every foot of land fit for cultivation,
though poor, which yields any sort of timber, will
go off at that price, 'n many instances, if for no
other reason than to keep off a too near and incon-
venient settlement.
In looking into the history of our settlements, it
will be found generally, if not universally, true,
that, as the country fills with population, the infe-
rior and refuse lands come to be prized, and go off.
And so, precisely in proportion as the population
advances weslwardly, and fills each locality, in the
same proportion does ¡and once regarded refuse go
off. And so it will be to the end, excepting only
those lands covered with irreclaimable swamps, or
some other obstacle of like difficulty.
Such has been the experience of the old States.
In my own, in ihe portion that I know best, lands
that had been much worn fifty or eighty years ago,
turned out and recovered with a new growth, can-
not be bought any where, there, as low as the Go-
vernment price.
Sir, the grasping propensities of this Anglo-Ame-
rican race of ours, with its Anglo Saxon blood
(said, I believe, sir, to be the greatest land robbers
in the world,) would give the Government price,
ay, and more, when- the density of poaulatiori
threatened too near a propinquity of some disagree-
able neighbor.
In Alabama, I find, from this table, the most sin-
gular and extraordinary results. There the popu-
lation has filled, and is yet filling. In the Cahaw.
ba district nearly all the lands have been sold fer
three, four, and five times the amouot of the esti-
mated value by the land officers in 1828. And so
it will be to the end. To the base of the Rocky
Mountains, and when yon shall have scaled their
lofty summits, and passed to the western base, so
it wiil continue to be, until the remits* energies of
our people shall be stayed by the broad Pacific. I
would invoke the serious attention of Senator?,
more conversant with these subjects than I am, to
the marked contract between trie estimates in 1828,
and the actual results as proved by the sales. I
will as'{ their attention to tue singular accuracy with
which the predictions of the opponents of gradua-
tion have been verified by the rt suits. In Ohio
¡hey have been completely tested and verified. In
Indiana, not so fully; but the experience is in a ra-
pid process of development, and all the indications
augur similar results. In Missouri, the experiment
is in i's initiative process, but so far as it has gone
it gives the most flattering promise of results equal-
ly satisfactory.    And so ot all .the rest.
There is another feature of the bill to which I
feel no less objection; and which has been animad-
verted on by the Senator fro¡n Kentucky, near me,
[Mr. Clay.] I think it presents a strong objection
to the bill. The Government once felt severely
the inconvenience of the credit sy.-tem in reference
to the sale of our.public lands. Its evils will not
soon be forgotten. This bill revives that credit
system, and substitutes ¡t, to a great extent, for the
cash system now existing. It extends credit, pro-
fessedly, to one entire class of purchasers', and
practically and substantially to all. A man seizes
on a tract of land before he pays for it, and is to
pay for it within a year. How are you to get rid
of him if he does not pay? When the "Conven-
tion of the World," held in London, shall send
hete all its constituents, how are you to get rid of
them if they fail to pay for their land? Does not
your bill convert the system of cash payments into
a system of credit? And what will be the conse-
quence? We shall have petitioners besieging this
and ths other House of Congress; hosts of sturdy
beggars, petitioning for a long day, then to take a
part of our dues, and finally to forgive them their
debt. We have ssen all this; and are likely, should
the bill pass, to see it again.
We all remember the effect of the national ple-
thora in 1818 and 1819. You know how your ear
was vexed with perpetual petitions, until at last
you weie wearied out, and you gave up 33£ of
your demand, and allowed the debtors a long time
te make up the balance. So it will be here. If a
man pays you in cas}), it will be a matter of vo-
luntary liberality. All the better land which might
sell well at auction will be at once seized upon, and
ctedit of necessity ensues.
Gentlemen complain of the illiberality of the
old States. They call them Shylocks, and say
we demand our pound of flesh, and all that.
I repel such imputations, as far as they are
directed against me. I participate as largely
in the pride excited by the progress of our West-
ern States as the proudest of all our Western men.
I see with wonder and joy the daily developments
of that vast portion of our country, and I am
fully aware that it is ere long to become the cen-
| tre of our political world. My constituents do
not demand of me to become a Shylock in
their name; they rejoice, as I do, in the hourly ex-
pansion of this great Republic; they exult in the
extension of its population, bearing with it, in all
directions, the arts of civilization, the love of liber-
ty, and an adherence to our invaluable Constitu-
tion. We are prepared to go as far as gentlemen
from the West themselves in doing all that can
with justice be done to give a stimulus to the
growth of the new States of the Confederasy. But
really, with, I acknowledge, but a very slight op-
portunity of forming an opinion, it does seem to
me that the charge of illiberality is as little sustain-
ed by facts and reason as any accusation I ever
witnessed in my life. What is the relation which
these States bear t® the Government while they yet
remain in their state of territorinl pupilage? Have
theynot all been in succession the firstlings and the
nurselings of Congress? Have we not dandled
them upon the knees of patronage, rocked them in
the eradle of indulgence, and fed them, like petted
infants, with the money of this Government? If
any thing, we have indulged them too fondly, till,
like other pets, they have been in danger of becom-
ing spoiled by over-much kindness.    Who can
deny that the West has ever been treated, here,
with the utmost liberality? Never have they asked
for either public or private aid at our hands and
been refused. We have given them iands and mo-
ney, and we have poured forth the chivalry of the
old States for their defence in danger. Surely they
have no just grounds of complaint. Against me
they certainly have not, for I am ready to lend
them all the aid in my power toward attaining that
commanding position which it is their destiny to
attain.
But what, I ask, is likely to be the effect of such
a bill as this upon the older States? The public
lands constitute  trust fund, to be administered for
the benefit of all the States, and not, for the sake
ef throwing into the West a preternatural plethora
of growth and prosperity, to inflict injustice and in-
jury upon the rest of the Union. And yet what
must be the effect of such a bill on the strength and
prospects of the old States? The enterprising, the
adventurous young men, will all flee to the West,
and leave this old States to weakness and decrepi-
tude, and we are to be left to support the compara-
tively inert mass which they leave behind. Yet,in
ail that tends to elevate the human character—in
all that fosters moral and intellectual excellence,
they might have enjoyed at least equal advantages,
had they remained at home. Certain it is that
North Carolina has poured forth into the West and
Southwestern country a mass of talent and energy
such as, had it remained there, would have enabled
my State to lift her head as proudly as any one of
her sisters in the great family of the Union. And
ought it not to be the aim of this Government to in-
fuse an equal degree of health and vigor into every
portion of this wide Republic? Do our Western
friends desire to see us impoverished, in order that
they may be built up and strengthened? I well
know that, should we be invaded by a foreign foe,
or our honor or safety threatened with danger, the
men of the West would be the first to hasten to our
side. A more, chivalrous people does not exist
upon earth; and generosity is well known as form-
ing a prominent feature in their character. And
sure I am that, could they but abstract their minds
for a moment from the force of that prejudice
which has grown up with a false system of adminis-
tration of the public lands, the new States would
be the last to desire, by excessive and unnatural
stimulus, to withdraw the resources and prostrate
the strength of their venerable mothers on the At-
laatic board,
I ask the friends of this bill to point out, if they
can, one single compensation it offers to the eld
States for tempting their population, even lads of
eighteen, to leave their homes and their parents aud
go into the new States. I know of none. I can
perceive none, unless it be to leave to desolation
the patrimonial fireside.   None, none.
But we are told by my friend from Missouri
[Mr. Linn] that it is indispensable that this system
of pre-emptions should go on, because the Ameri-
can people cannot be restrained from seizing on the
lands of the Government, and that all attempts to
put a stop to it must be vain and idle. I confess I
was surprised at hearing language like this. I had
entertained a very different opinion indeed of the
American people; and my life on it—knowing that
gentlemen as I do to be brave, prompt, and reso-
lute—I am confident that were he President of the
United States, and should the law be openly resist-
ed, he could and would enforce its execution.
[Mr. Linn, (spsaking across.) I would resign
first.]
Ay, the Senator might resign.   The kindliness of
his heart and his habitual indu'gence of the wishes
of his constituents might induce it.   That proves
nothing.    But his energy could arrest what his
kindness might tolerate.    I know very well that,
when vast throngs ©f lawless settlers shall have
been accumulated on the frontier, it would be an
odious task, and abhorrent to the feelings of every
American citizen, to attempt to remove them by
the bayonet.   Happily, there never has a human
being in the country suffered death in such a strug-
gle since the foundation of the Government.   Bu
I  have no áoubt that this enlightened and law
abiding people, differing as they do from the popu
lation of   any   nation   under   Heaven,  woul
