Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sí
26th Cong-...2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Lavj—Mr. Linn.
Senate,
respect their own authority loo much to resis
their own laws. It Europe, indeed, obedieree
must be enforced b, a forest of bayonets, and a
park of artil eiy, oui heie, in tht free, se'f-governed
republic, there is no law but maj be enforced by the
constable and hi  tt-jfF Among my countrymen,
a littie scrip of parchment in ttie hands of a plainly
dressed, unarmed citizen, woiks like a charm; no
sooner is u exhibited than the uplifted hand falls
powerless to the side, and, like gesume descendants
of the Anglo Sax^ti race, it is their pride, their
choice, their gloiy, to bow to ¡he majesty of the laws.
If, indeed, you al'ow wth'o States, to be filiad up
by squatters—I beg pardon, I mean by gentlemen
who think propei to set down m ¡and which does
not belong to them, and without any pretence of
tule—we may prefer to pass a retrospective pre-
emption law to pressing our demand and s andtng
upon the righ s of the Government. But, for Uie
future, let the President place upon our new lands,
not his uninformed soldiers, with their bayonets, but
a corps of his marshals and their tipstaves, and kt
the first intruder be brought up and tried. I have
no doubt f-at even th-re a jury of the vicinage
would convict and punish hirn.
[Mr. Linn here shook h s head and sp.ii,
"Never; it has been tried ovu and over."]
Sir, the failure mmt nave resuued from „ornc in-
judicious mods of biing'ng up thirnatler. Let the
naked question  to tr-e jury, the isoktt-d facts be,
'•whether there was nilruMon mto the lard*," and
"«hether upon authority from thi-s Givernment,"
and all that I date to put upon it I would put, that
the verd'et would generally conform to the evi-
dence. In that case, your judges would do the
rest.
But the gentleman from Tennessee goes for the
bill because ' the great West must avail herself of
her natural advantages." I orce acted on that
pnrcipie in behalf of North Carolina, m the me-
morable matter of the branch mints That bill
was to enable North Carolina to "ava 1 herself of
her natural advantages " Now, I nevu yet rightly
understood what that par?s , "natural advantages,"
mean^, and I cannot admu the a'geaent which i 
founded on i* till 1 understand it a Mil* better And
the morp espec.ally, since that uici,mpre>len'-ible
abs raction, that oily p'nia^e, betrayed me into one
of the errois, not to say follies, mto which I fear I
fell when I formerly had ü e honor of a seat in this
Chamber. The natural advantages of the West;
in what? In mere contiguity to the public dumai-?
Is that ill They must have the land bctaust they
are conveniently Situated to tike poss'SMon of it'
Why, m ght not pny loafet about New York streets
plead the same aigunient' It h> not as near to
the vaults of the banks as our good friends of the
West are to th« pub ie domain'! What •peculiar
light have they, who have already received so
much of it as a donation, to take the whole, be-
cause it is n^ar, while the old States are to get none
of it, because they aie far off?
There has scarce been a movement on the sub-
ject of these public lands WKhin the last two yeari
that has not pioducel in my mind a melancholy
foreboding as to *he successful woikmg of out sys-
tem of Government. No one can shut his eyes to
the fact that these lands aie made the subject of a
mere political game, in wlu-h political leadeis
contend for the powei of vying with each other as
to who shall make the largest gift—who shall ob-
tain the lafgest vote, from a!i ns and all. Sortie
disposition must be made of this matter, if we
would not be subjected to perpetual excitements. I
have seen it employed long enough as a great stake,
always brought into our party questions and ¡?o it
will continue to be until it can be finally and defi-
nitely deposed of, and I hope it scon maybe.
I do not regard the introduction of the subject of
distribution as ?,t all incongruous to the present bill,
nor do I regard the amendment the Senator from
South Carolina [Mu. Calhoun] has notified u^ that
he will offer, as presenting any mtongtuity I
mean not now to di cuss eitl er the cne or the
other. I have long since, hovever, had them un-
der the mafurest delibeiation that I was e?pab!e of
bestowing on them Í have fixed ard salisfaet ry
opinions m regard to both. They are part and
parcel of this great matter of the public domain.
Tney all must be consideied; they mutt be deeded.
These great intertsts, with p,l lh«ir disturbing in-
fluences, rrust be withdrawn iiom the keenly em-
bi'tered and exci'ing comests fir the highest office
in the country, or these contests will lose their pu-
rity and digm'y, and descend to the level of a
scramble of mere mercenaries—a struggle between
p jhtical jani?anes on one side, and the honest, un-
disciplined, and generally bUiayed people en the
other.
But this is really a log cábm bill—a bill for the
poor man. I could not but regiet to hear these
patty "caich words" in'ro^uced mto ¡his Chamber,
and bul less could I have d^sited to see diem'in-
troduced, with a soitof flouti^h ol ttumpets, mto
the tPle of this bill. But a? me y h<n e oeen dragged
m and pressed toiwaid into prooime-ce, itma> le
proper for us all to deal wi'h them.
I may say, then, that I am pleaded to «ee gentle-
men on the other side taking les'otison this subpet
of log cabins. They have much aptitude, aad 1
doubt not, wi'b perseverance, 'hat th°y may come,
in time, to a respec able proficiency. Tney have
mamfes'ed, on former occasions, a very commen-
dable alacr ty, not to say °ome sparkles of pen us
— perhaps that is too stioLg a uo'd, if gomas i
suppos d to be coaver,-anl with noveltj aid xaaety
—in seizing upon cfitiin 'catch--ord-," at d say-
ing or singing thtia to ¡he same tune, whether
sleeping or awake, with a smut of mi t admirable
perseverance. Wh < has not heard -1-e euphonuua
sounds of Batik' Bank! Mon 'ei! Monster' íun
and rung again, throughout the whole gamut'
These pecimem inspire me with fair hopes, t! at
gentlemen will maki* very r{"cpeM?bleriogte with
very extracid.nary effort ".9b ho (e ¿¡.jom" is not
always an ubwk maüía , an! i ste hit gni kr.nn
are commending to them«e ves a ^dalm s study ot
i'. But, at I oroii ss to hiv  made s>en>p progress
in these log cabin donirin* -, I tfu t getitlr men will
not tl nk me officious in offenn í the n some whok-
sone sugges ion= that may aid t1 em in th¿¡r horn
bo'k.
Then, finí, Í wtl' «ay to gentlemen that one great
.■nd radical mistake lies at the foundation of their
formei essays The m stake consists n supposing
that the peop'e of these United States can be ruled,
governed, and ;ubjjgated ty means of patronage,
largesses, and party organ zation. P r m tarci, a
bill that sets out to «quander the >vho>e domain, be-
longing to all, for the benefit tf a few, i  lot the
best way'o co.nol the giant results of the elec-
tive franehre 1 giant 5011 that, when pe pie are
cool, they may s t down and chaff1r about jaltry
matters oí se fklt inteiest They ¡r.ay be swayel
(o a certain ex'ti t. But I would com j end to ¡.i n-
liemen th* fact, worthy of all consideration, that
the great m?^ of 1 ur pto, le are hones', t,'thusi
astic, devot'd to 1 fací ty and devoted to out irstiti,-
tiono. To mi ve ihe mas--, \ ou roust appeal to then
high and generous natutts, to their pt>tnotism, then
love of liberty. You must k-ndle them withal
mirñtton ot the glomui revolutionary ach.eve-
mtnts of ihfi' faihei--—awaken thwr hatred and
rouse their m lign<aion agai i t ihj sappers and mi*
ners of th.s fan and hi.ppy Government—sgainst
the spoilers—again t the impudenc- that seeks 'o
subsidise then wt'h their own means—against the
party hacks that would harness them, and then r de
them "Dooted *md spurred." If t1-ere be just cause
for these appeals, the mass-will begin to hea\e, to
agitate fri^htfu ly and fearfully from the Canacas
to the Gulf, and from the Atlantic to the base of
the Rocky Mountains; and vhat think you wou'd
be the quieting effect of a little pre emption bill
thrown in upon this wild commotion, that pgitate',
snd heaves, and shakes the continent? But as the
minutes'gossairer m a gale of wind.
When the log cabins shall be rouied—when the
high and en'hus'as'ic love of liberty that charac-
terizes thetr mdwillero shall be strung up to mten-
«ity, then snap go the meshe^ ot partj, then pv
tronage and Uig'S'CS, wheth'r in lands or nonry,
are U st sight t f or scorned. And these md nepers,
too pure, Uo irco'iupt, too untainted bj the amfi-
ciaM'esd ! igh 1 fc to le wrong! t uptn, toue a>
the winis or as the "r'.'hiog of many wateis" to
the rescue oí their Constitution and their liberty.
You cannot here, as m old Rome, gam the people
at pi asure by largesses of corn, or money, oT
offic ; nor will it do any better to give them lartd.
No. When they have n<en up, as of laie, as by
the sound ot the tocsin, to drive from power men
who they helieved had grossly abused their trusts,
their force will be found irresistible.
This log cab'n movement is no more like the lit-
tle feverish excitem nts ¡¡ot up by party trick and
machmerj and briBcry, than mimic theatrical thun-
der h like the resistless bolt thit leaps from the
cloud, echoes and reverberates throughout the vast
concave of the heavens, and shakes tho solid earth
on which we stand.
We have seen, for the first time in th's country,
the attempt made to govern it by the force of pa-
tronagt, of largesses, and party m&chiaery. We
have seen a band of (fficials at open war with ihe
peopls by whose breath they had their political
being We have seen public opinion thwarted,
scorned, and jeered. We have sero the most
trange, sudden, and portentous conjunctions—en-
tirely new phenomena in our political atmospheie.
We have ^enn heaven and eirth moved to sustain
a totteung authority, a crumbling dynasty; but all,
a'l m va n, in vam
In such a contest as this-, not all the wealth of all
the Coe ars would haie a particle of influencew
repteibii'g th-1 indignant unburstmg energies of the
p ipular power The decree has gone forth that
th'3 Government is no longer to be administered by
a system 0' official bribery. The people require a
just and equal adion m thesys'em. They demand
it They will get it. And, in this matter of the
public lands, gcntlemei must remember that new
States will not always be nev , tint they are rapid-
ly becorurg rVittfW in ítHerrst wth the old; and
1 tell my hone-able friend [Mr Linn] that even
Missi un tefore m?ny ye?rs, will be found tostand
side by side with North Carohra en the land ques-
tion, as would her gallant population now, upon
any exigency menacing from abroad the honor, the
independence, or the integrity, of this our gloriotis
Union.
Mr. LINN said that the remarks of the honora-
ble Senator from North Carolina having made it .
imperative on him to say something in the way of |
reply, in following the honorable gentleman, he
wouid endeavor to be a little more argumentative
and a htl e lf-s complimentary.   There were few
g'-nt'emra toward whom, personally, Mr,  L  che-
1 shed a h rher degree of cstt em     His brilliant ta-
lf-nt , the  Senate would  ¡ill conttss.    In the re-
marks spb utted by M- L 1" a previous period of I
'be debat;, he bad assamed   the po«i'ion  that this '
Government had adoptid the pre-fmption system ;
f-ora the very beginning; and Mr. L. was in la- '
vor of keeping the   beginning,   the  middle,   and !
the e d in const1-toncy with each other,  and   fer j
preserving  a  ptirciple   on   which   our  country j
itself had been but t up.    He did not forget our [
ong n.     it   wao   of  the  humblest   and simplest j
kind    We had taken pis es ion of the country j
as though we acted urder thf command given in j
tK lstchsp'er of Gei>ests— 'Increase and multiply, j
a id rtp'e.u-n the land and subdue it"   We were ]
all land steateis. The charge lay against the whole |
Amei can peopV.   They bad s cien, so to speak,
or   conquered, as others chose to expressít, orí
cheated the Indians out of it, which was probably j
neater the ttuth.   Tnis general statement would 3
apply a¿ much  to our fathers as to ourselves.   On j
this principle our country had begun—on this it had j
proceeded ard grown, and would continue to grow, j
He defied any one to gam ay this statement, or to t
prevent the onward progiess of our population   As S
tiey advanced, like a mighty army, to subdue the!
wildernes--, tbey were always in advance of the |
laws of this Govevernment, snd would always con-
ttnue to be so.    In support of this assertion, Mr. L. 1
had rtltrred to what had been so well stated by his j
fnend   from Arkansas, over the  wav, who hadf
stated fact, going to show that the whole force off
the army oí the United Siatrs would be ínsumcienti
effectually to remove that band of settlers who chosel
to set tbtmstIves down on the publ c  lands.    Oarf
fcrefaihers had alt  been ^q"a ters.    By what be]
muit cmis'det an nmqui'ous trea.y with an Indianj
tribe, Congress had taken off a large tract of terrH
tory, which had formerly been included wflhm t&e|
