Sfi
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th CokG""2nb Sess.
Pre-e?nplion Laiv—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
nagmgthe lands, including the saving to the Governmert by
the cession I have assumed thaf additional allov anee, because
It nearly correspond* ,o that propoped to he given m the bill for
distribution, (introduced uy the author of the scheme ) to the
new Mate*, above that al owed to the old I refer to the bdl that
passed both Houses, and was vetoed b> the President That al
lowed 12$ per cent which, for the sake of facility m calculating,
I have enlarged to 13 per cent
I have, I trust, now surcess'ully met the only two objections
which, can, m my opinion, bp urged with any plausibility
against the mea&ure 1 intend to piopose, bv ¡roving not only
that there would be reason vhie assurance that the States would
abide by the terms of the cession but that it was the only mea
sure which could be devised to prevent me almost certain loas
of the public dorosin, under the operation of ihe system, as it
now stand, and that instead of a loss, there would be a cleat
pecumaiy gam If I havesucceeded in doing so, I have done
all that ought, according to my conception, to be necessary
to obtain the support the bod} But I cannot be ignorant that
there are members from the new States who p efer supporting
this bill to the measure I intend to propose not that they think
it better, but because they believe it has the test prospect of
passing Inihialthinktheyarenusiiicn it is not probable that
either can pass the present session It is now but a few weeks to
its termination, and it is impossible, m them'dst of ihe crowd of
Other business that any important measuie, not in hspensable,
Can get through, especially a system of pie emption and giadu
atioo which has been so long struggling unsuccessfully to pass
both Houses lint if it,annot/?a?s now theiewas hule píos
peel that it could the nezlfour years igainst the opposition of
the Coming when it could not with the aid of the piesent and
late Administrations
With this prospect I put it to my fuends from the new
States, is there not danser m piessmg these isolated measures,
which cannot settle the vexed and dangeious questions of the
publiclands an [which, at I <st, can b ¡mt>sedon gioundson
ly interesting to those ¡>t in that they will lose notmlyafi
Torite measure, but canst, [he passage of obnoxious to
them of,all mcisiues, that of distiiliutioni Task them, cm
you hope to oppose successfully a mensuro so seductive to so
many membcis oí the Union, by ami miteso pirtiii in its ope
ration, and ftbich so Hi (run tpptalii ¿to t] e leasonoi sym
palhy oftwo t'nr Is of the sta cs setutesbut a lcluuanl vole
from any of them, more fmrt paity filings -n d associations
than any conviction oí us | us ice oí i \pi diet cv? I ft me tell my
friends, that if the struggle is to continue uetwten this bill and
the scheme of disiiibntion it i*, on then part o despeiateone
Defeat is certain, and tl ere is nowdy to avoid it, (if it be not
already loo late,) hut ¡to enlaree ihe issue—to raise it above
mere local or pecum try considerante to the broad and elev ited
ground of a final settlemen' of (his deep and abutting question,
onjustandsatiilacioiy principles and theiebyai rest the count
leBsevils luihmg ilnough ill it cliar net on the i ountry It is
only thus that at antagonist of sufficient stiennth cou'd be
reared up against thi dangerous and uiriupting scheme of dis
tnbution A measuieoediirme to m tnyof the Mites unfortu
nafly overwhelmed b\ d Incut!! dv b succr family op¡ used
by one which would maltf i poutrftil i¡ i etl to tnith pis ice
and patriotism Asstionga m ly bi tin i| pcil < ¡ih( necessity
of embanassed "states,-tstilUtmn^ertntiy he made to the higher
and more comimntiing consi let mh or 11 luty and patriotism
Such anmue, I belli r<, (hi m isim 11 topo e would tcndei to
ihecountry lsilum v in ilvc it 11 he ioundtdon (itith, and
sustained byjustice, in I high consul ratif use i pihry, mil ill
it needs lo tnsuii, it sm ess ifl mistake nit is the earnest
and determined support of the States wh'ch not only haietne
deepest Btake, hut whose in lepen It ni' an I equality, Innor
and pride, as membeis of this yrond Ilepubln ofsiaies, aie
involved
Having now presented my \iewn of the amendment I in
tend to offer, with a motion to strike out thp anit-ndment of the
flen&tor from Kentucky, and inseit mino I shall conclude with
e, few remarks in refti mu e to (lie leading featuru of his amend
ment, the distribution of the pi nt i eds of i he public lands among
the States
It is not my intend m to cntei on the disenssi in of t measuie
which lemnot but le^ard as palp-iblt uno stmiuoml ns well
«i dangerous and corrupting m it  n n lency I do not deem it
neceoaary, as I expressed my opinion fully on the suljectat tht
laatsesslon I intend at (his tun* to miken few remarks, in
order to show that, viewed undpt eiei y possible aspect it must
be regarded as either foolish, ldlt, or nt put
It 18 admitted on a 1 sides that the Treasury Is t uibairassed,
and that no part of the levemie can be withthawn without mak
ing a corresponding deficit, which mu t be sup, tied by taxes
on the people, lit one lorm or iinothei, rmdtbit the withdrawal
of the revenue from the land would cans, a detu it so to be sup
plied, of not lets, piobtbly, than $i 000 Out) annually Tht
whole process, then, would consist in gmnp to the people
of rhe sevei il States then proportional shut of the five
millions ol the revenue fiom the lands to lie collected
back from the peopli of the II mod State, m Ihe shape < fa tai
on imports or some othei subject lie same amount I\ow
 ir, I ask, is it not iliar if a Mate shoul ( lecuve bv its distri
butive share a less sum than the people of tli it Ma e would
have to pay in taxes to supply the ill fii it, it would he on then
part, foolish lo suppoit the distribn ion'7 ho igdln, if they
should receive (hi «ame amount they pail instead of a less
would it not be idle' Anil if mon «ouldii not he unpisfj Cin
any one deny these conclusions'! i[f!w, then, can a scheme
which implies the one or the other if these alteratives (laying
«side all other weighty obj ctloiis ) |nve any chance to he
adopted? Bi two answt t can he given Ihe one,
that- the Mate* which w ml 1 icenve more fiom
the distribution than their pe pie would have to pay io
makeup the deficit can outvote the orluis and aie prepaied
to act onthe pruic pie r t tin st ,¡g píundt nr°" iht weak, and
the other, that a majority of the states vv mi tlu money ta pay
their debts, or too] end m ftvonte srhemi s aril pi efer shut
ing the f esponsibibltv oí taxing to th (rcneidif. veinmeni to
assuming it themselves, without leg u lin" whefher then pe i
pie would contribute more or le=s (han they mav i "ceiv e They
are afraid to lay taxes lest the | tw]e sh mid se the sums es.
tracted from their pcek ts, and tmn them out ^in 1 to avoid this,
would transfer the task to the tfeneral Ooveinnent, becau e
they can take fiom the people, through tie tii on imports,
without being detected as io the amount
1 take the opportunity, before l«udown, to tender my thanks
o th  honorable and high minded suggestion of the Senator
am Missouri [Mr LhnI considering the interior quarter of
the Union from which he comes, to set apart ihe proceeds of
the lands as a pern anent futid foi the navy
[Mr Lra-i, in an ajoible voice The navy and the defences
oUriecoiimiy )
I would lejou ° to see such a disposition of it, and do hope
that he v. ill move an amendment to that effect I would gladly
receive u a  a mollification of my amendment, and would regard
it as a gieat improvement The navy, sir, is the H2ht arm of
our defence, and is equally important to every section—the
Cortil and South, the Cast and West, inland and seaboard
When I look at the condition of our country, and the world, I
feel that too earnest and too early attention cannot be bestowed
on the arm of defence on which the countrv must mainly rely,
not only for sus'ainingits just weight and influence in the scales
of nation, hut ajso foi protection
Mr HUBB4RD called for the yeas and noes on
the adoption of the bubaütu'e of the Senator from
South Ca.olma.                                                      ,
After a few wo ds between Messrs. CRITTEN-
DEN, CLAV of Ahbama, and MERRICK—
The PRESIDENT again stated the question,
and
The Clerk commenced calling the l.st, tut he
! ad not proceeded further than the narm, ftf Mr
Ai len, who voted foi the subs.i ute cf the Senator
from Son h Can hna, when
Mr. CRITTENDEN rose and ob erved that he
had hardly ever felt more surpri'ed than in listen
ing to Ihe amendment proposed by the Senator from
South Carolina in offering the amendment which
he himself had propospd, his simple and unobtru-
sive purpo.e had been mertlytnput on record th 
v.ews he entertained, and what he uasw.lhnglo
do on this subject oí pre emotion. He had been
despoils that hts views should not be miMinder food
or perverted, and he had dtawn up and offered his
ameidmen' for the purpose of «showing th?t h" was
willing togo forpre emption,'f it v asfombjned with
the just distribution anioDg the Sta'es of ihepreceedj
of the ssle"i of the public !?nds. For the e two
measures, if united, he was will.rg to vote He
had been dcrous of puuirg iht  on record, and
that «ashis whole purpose m offering hts amend-
ment For the audacity of m-,l ing such a pro-
posa1, be continued, I—no, not I—but my pro-
position use f tas been denotrjoed m all ihe
var ety of epi het which the eloquence of the hono-
noiableStnator could supply It has been pronounced
to bp ",dle, uniustjor foolish " Th s was the «enlen-
tnsus cmdemnation pa^ed upon by the Seiator
from Siuth Carolina [Mr Calhoun ] The Sena-
tor fiom Mis ouu [Mr Benton] had directed
aga nst it a storm of ep ihf ts jtt more ponderous
Accoiding to the thunder < f that gentleman's elocu-
tion, the proposition was "enoiinous"' "monslious1'"
So monstrous and so enormous was it that T shrank
from all attempt at defending if, and the honorable
Senator did n t wordei' Now titesf argumenta-
tive epithets of the Senator will, I rather imagine,
make no very great impression on the understand-
ing ot the country or on the Senate It is not by
epnhels that either of those gentlemen, h,j,h as they
may believe themielnes to stand, can put down
measures in this body Great as may be their
power of ammadversu n, it is not on that power
that the faecf ihts measure is to depend The
gentlemen may suppose I shrink from the very
thought of defending my amendment, because I
do not choose to occupy an hour or two in debate—
on whai1 On a measure new to the Senate? Not
at all. The bill b'fore us is to grant a prospective
pre-emption on the public land^. Did the honora-
ble Sena or expect I was about to take up
the time ot this body in unfolding the ad-
vantages and disadvanlages of a measure of
this kind? To htm, at least, all iuch discus-
sion must be, in an*emment degree, flat, stale,
?nd nriprofi'able Pie emption and graduation
have been abundantly argued, both now and here-
t< fore; there remain- but one more proposition to
bo coisi ¡ered, vhich is distributer Is that io be
di bated now' Dots ihe gen kman stippce Ihit J
am going to debate thai question w,th the vain
hopt ofcairjing it noil's Surely not, and yet, be
cause I have abstained from this, 1 am accused of
shrinking from the defence of my amendment. I
thoLghi trat it wou'd be abusing the patience of
the Senate ¡f I should attempt suA a thing. And
though, frcm the manner of the honorable Senator
'rom Missouri, my frankness must have surprised
the Senate, he has multiplied a repetition of his
thanks for my proposal of a measure perfectly stale
from repetition.   The propositions have been re-
peated for years. What is there about them so
' monstrous?" Is it pre-emption? Is that so atro
cious? It it distnbu ion? Is that "idk, unjust, or
foolish'" If it be, let Congress take the burden of
these denunciations on themselves. Pre-emption
laws we have passed again and again, and a bill
for distribution passed both the Senate and House
of Representative  by triumphant majorities, and
would have been the law of the land long ago but
for a most extra rdmary and unparalleled instance
of Executive interposition. Was this the measure
that w as so • monstrous," so "enormous," so
"outrageous ' as to deter any gentleman from even
an attempt at its defence?
But the honorable gendeman from Missouri
seems to consider t'us proposition so monstrous and
so outrageous, a* a measure over "tunnmg," that
I will now say a word or two on that point. It is,
on my par', no cunning proposal. I have very
little of that quah'y m my composition; it is a thing-
I know not in my public course; to work by cun-
ning is a thing I leave to older and more practised
politicians than myself It was not my purpose or
design to do any thing cunning when I offered the
amendment to the present bill; I wished, as I have
said, to put my exact position on record, that all
might see it. I do not see any thing so v ry "cun-
ning" in this. I knew, be'ore I had said a word,
that all who will not yield their ur questioning as-
sent to depredations on the public lands may calcu-
late on being denounced here as enemies of those
hardy and adventurous men who are our precursors
in subduing the wilderness. I never was their ene-
my. I am the s m of a pre emphoner, and was
myself born on a pre emption; and if I have been
restrained from goini the full length with gentle-
men on this subject, it is fr< m no enmity toward-
the pre-empttorers, but f t m a s nse of duty to the
Union, as one oi the tm,tees to vhom has been
confided ihe management of their commen proper-
ly I rejoice to find that ihere is now a way in
which I may at once gratify my sympaihies wiih
the industrious and hardy settler, and at the same
t me do my public duty to all the States, that I can
make a compromise between tha rights of the setllei
and tbo rights of the Union. I am now ready and
willing to give a pre emption right of 320 acres
of the public land to every real dona fide set-
tler who is not worth over one thousand dollars.
I am prepared to protect him in his possession
against the host of rich and grasping speculators
who, under the pretext of your pre-emption law,
and under the deceptive mask of an intention to
settle and improve }oar lands, are seeking to gel
ihe public d< main into their possesion, that they
may convert ¡t into an engine to ennch themselves.
Is there any thmg in this proposition so very un-
reasonable—so "monstrous"—so "enormous"—so
"cunmngi" If we are to have a pre-emption at
all, for whose benefit is it to be granted? Gentle-
men, in very moving tenes, demand our sympathies
and demand our bounties for the poor and needy.
This proposition meets their sympathies and com-
plies with their demarás, it holds- out a bounty to
the poor and the needy—a l?rger bojntythan the
gentlemen themselves propose to give; and all it
asks is a guild that this bounty shall not be
given to the rich. Is that "monstrous?" What do
gentlemen desire? What would they have? Do
.hey want to give pre-emptions to the rich? To make
the rich richer? If not, why do they reject my pre-
pasition? Mine has the very essence of a pre-
emption law, and it is the only sort of a pre erup-
tion law that can be honestljr vindicated Few
men worth over a thousand dollars seek lor them-
selves a home amongs the distant wilds of the public
lands. Very small indeed is the number whom
such a restriction will exclude; but it will shut
out the men who make their wealth out of the pur-
lic plunder. Do gentlemen resis' it on that ac-
count?
I would not occupy a uioro,tni of the Senate's
time were I pot b und to show that I am not
ashamed of the ¡reasure I hate proposed, and
have no th mght of "«hankies;" from its defence
"What objection ean bt uiged against ihdt part of
my amendment which p-opo es to unite with pre-
emption ine principie of distribution? It would be
idle at this time to repeat the history of the cession
