62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong--"1st Se,ss.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Predion.
Jan. 1841.
Senate.
certain conditions, and under restr.ctions, and that
our control over it is Hmued by the nature ot the
trust. Here, ihen, we have a fund created—a trust
cOBflded—and ¡he objects of both specified, viz to
relieve the States fiom the burdens imposed by the
Confederation, and each State was to receive the
benefit, according to its usual proportion in thtse
burdens.
We must perform in full faith whatever duty
was confided to us. Yet, considering the whole
scope of the deed of cession, we cat'not conclude
that, in the administration of this trust, we pre to
regard it cxclusivaly m a money punt of view, ¡>s
mere pounds, shillings, and pence. Theie are oiher
and veiy high considerations which connot them-
selves with the subject We mu*.t remember that,
while we act undei tiu t* from Virginia aijd Con-
necticut and other ceding Stat s, we also act undei
other trusts, of a very comprehensive nature, fioin
all the States, and that each of these trusts must
be administered in reference to the oth-r, so ss not
to trench upon oi be inconsistent with it If, be-
cause it is a fiscal trust from Virginia, we act upon
a calculation ol mere pounds, shillings, and pence,
then we immediately run foul of the other trusts
which we hold from the whole Union. While we
look that we are faithful to the one, we must see
that we are not unfaithlul to the othei, we must
keep an eye to the whole, and carry on ¡>11 our trusts
togeihcr, as harmoniously, with respect to epch
other, a  we tan We must destroy none, but pro-
mote all, as fai as it shall be posible 1 am not lor
looking exclusively to the financial aspict ot oui
power1;, but foi remembciing that, m the discbaige
of them, there alto political lelations which must of
necessity be evolved. No doubt, the hist motive
whicu led to the cession w,ss> a political one—the
States owning no land, seeing that llu vast domains
of other Stales, might lead to an undue ascendency
m the Confederacy, therefore proposed a cession
for the erection tfnewStaUs
We are end ut ted  then with a general   fund
which we aie bound to admmis or in a spint at
once  of liberality toivaids the new States, of just
economy as reeauhour Treasury, ard oí mere pu-
lley as regards the general Rood ot i in Union. Thi'i
new members of the Conlcder.icy have been made
States muí h more quickly than ever was anticipated,
they are treatrd as children, and  have <vtrbi.cn
treated as favored children.   They have grown and
thriven with vast and unexpected rapidity; they
are filling up with a uctning population, and aie
last becoming of theory Ires a magnificent empiie,
which stands in the presence oí the other Stales not
as a child m the presence of ils> parents, but as one
of full growth and proportions, on a footing ol in-
ure    equality    with     the   Od    Torneen,  ani
destined, at no distant day, even io assert supenoii-
ty of them.   But, on  the othti  hand, it -hoult
not be lorgotten  that while v e have bet n so ful-
filling the trushreposod m us as to promote and ¡osier
the wdl-being ot  the new States,  we holt! ntiust
for all the States of the Confide racy, and hi hi it on
the ground that this public domain on which Ihese
new States have spiung up, is a fund—a common
fund for the use ot all the btate-.    What was the
feelings of Virginia whui she  made a  cession m
terms so guarded'    She    tales  trie purpose^ for
which she makes  the ce s on,  and then she  adds
that it shall be applied to theie purposes and (o no
oiher use or purpose whatever     And to ^how the
spirit oi caution m which he proceeded, s-he would
not leave it to implication that her own rights were
of course to be ¡egarded with the right, of a'l her
sistei  Slates, but added the wi reis "Virginia in-
cluded," thus   making  assurance   doubly   sure
There is not on ib.3 records of civil zed nations a
more ilk tnous instance of long s ghted, wise, ond
devoted patriotism than this very act by the Com-
monwealth tf Virginia    She  thus dismembered
herself of an extent ot terntt ry l?rgcr 'han her own
limits, and freely gave it to tiee.li >le Repubhc   She
beggared herself that  ne might bestow th's munifi-
cent donation upon the Union at large    And now,
in her advanced age, when h. r lands ate worn oat'
and, «stead of being covered With waving haivests
of wheat, are covered over with broom-sedge, when
her finances areembairassed, and we may almost
say that in her old age she is actually impove-
rished, is it right, is it becoming, is it honorable, is
it grateful to turn round andsiyto her, you are
no longer entitled to any share m the benefits of
this your own donation? Weie there no other
State m the Union which could put in any claim
to a share in the proceeds ot tms public domain,
surely it is our duty, it is y&ui duty, it is my duty
to stand up for the rights of the Old Dominion, and
to see that she shall retain some portion in that in-
heritance, which, with a regal munificence, she has
freely bestowed upon us all
la the administration of the public lati'i , we
are not to oppress and pinch the West, so a" to
wring out the vety last dillsi the lands tan be
made to produce, « e arena to act the part of a
ni'"erly landlord. We have m t acted in this
spirit Nevei. Oa tiie comiary, I avir that we
have arted towards the->e ne<v S ales the part of a
true-hearted and generous pa'ent We have nur-
tured, and fed, and clothed them, till tiiey ?re
grown to the height and stamre of adult strength
long before they are of age. From being feeble
and helpless and lottennsr, they have'become
stong and rich and able. Eat would I stop here1
Not at all 1 wou'd act towards them m the
same spirit still—a spirit liberal, affectionate, and
generous I wou'd ioster their growth and im-
provement, and promptly defend them fiom Indian
aggression, but, at the sam<" time, as a trust e, I
would look fur *mc return of pn fit to the other
States of the Union
Now, m the application of tríele gcncrfl prm ¡-
ples to the amendment w!u< h has been prop )¡.ed by
my  colleague  from  Sou h Cerohr.a, m  the fust
piece. 1 inquire whethei his is a fmincial =cheme at
all, and if so, whether it b such ;.n one a , under
the relations in which we stand, it is ju t and pro-
per for us to adopt?    I connot  but regard it as it
respects the cession under which we have received
Ihese lands    I will not quibble about ihe terms
Virginia did eeitainly cede these lands to the United
Staies,and the equivalent w as the securing of ce tain
i ights to h rsell, toge'her wuh the i indent iiudvan-
tages which would glow ou' ol the cession to her-
sell and hei   sister States    But  was   it a sale?
Was it a financial aereemem'?    Did she   reserve
lor herself a fund from   the proceeds?    W?s it
a mere actof enrgam  and sale?   Nothing like it.
It was a deed of boundless liberality, it -uas a ces-
sion of all her mleicsts m 'his vast territory, it *vas
an  act in which she sacrificed herself and looked
only to the good  of the   country    The present
aim lament purports to be a "cession"   We are
to give away to the new States  th   publ c land
But can we give the'.e lands away as Virginia dir1?
Is this Temtoiy ouis, as it w«s her-?   Not ol si'
She held it   in fee-simple.    Sue held it Mt entire
and  ;bolue  propeity      It   wa.   her   own; -h 
m ght do with it v hat sl;e  would, and sh« chose
to give it ¿LV.A)      But   we cannot give it     It   was
hers m fee Mmj le, it is ours only m m ¡>t   She held
it in her own ngh', we hold it in ngnt of oihers
S^e held it as proprietor, we hold 't a^ trastees for
all Ihe States    TCVat we have a right to sell the
land, I nave no doubt; and  that, in  execution of
olhei   trusts confided  to us,  we may,  in certain
rases, give portions ofn away, I do not deny, but
we have no consuma nal right to destroy the trust
tlut k an act which transcends the power of Ctn-
jre s    And furth i,  if we part with it under a
mere rolo<-?b'e sale  it is an avo tlance  rf our high
trust, ard ? violation of the Constitntun     If we
sell at all, we i mn sell in. goo-1 fai h, for a valu-
able consideration, and for the benefit of the United
States.
What is the consideration reserved in this act of
cession? It purports to be 63 per cent, on the sales,
m other words it is a propoiun to cede 35 per
cent, of the proceeds ot the public ¡undo to certa n
selected Stales What consideration for this 35
per cent i We h.ve been now for fily years ad-
mmis.enng this trust, j>nd we have not yet got
throuyh wi'h it It is, m fact, continually opening
upon us Th r>- seems something magical about
it. It grows en us as we proceed. A pomon of
the tmst estate has been uestioyed, and yet just as
fan as we have sold and consumed it, it has in-
creased upon our hands In proportion as. we have
ascended in our legislation, a wider hcroon has
opened At first, there was a wail of Indians and
of foreign territory all ardmd us; but wuh every
rolling ) ear its limite have been roiled back. It as
not now bounded by the Mnmi, nor by the Wa-
bash, nor by the Mississippi; no, nor by the Rocky
Mountains But my honorable friend here [Mr.
Linn] invokes the Senate to extend its view to the
mouth of the Columbia river. We have not done
with this trust, nor halt done with it. we have built
up an empire, and yet we are only on the threshold
ot our possessions. To show how little we have
yet made by it m a financial view, let me state that,
from the returns as brought up to a very recent pe-
riod, our expenses have exceeded our gams. We
aie not yet repaid for the expenses of the trust: we
are more than five millions yet in debt. I speak ot
the whole domain, however derived. The cost and
ch jges of managing this property have been $102,-
000,000. The income frota it has been not quite
$98,000,000. Nor is this difference the only ha-
Lace against us. Thus far, the sales of the public
lands have not reimbursed the expenses of their ac-
quisition and preparation for sale. The following
is the official statement of the account current of
the United States wuh iheir publ'cfiands:
Statement of the cost m the acquisition and management of
the public landt, and of the receipts unking fiom the salí
tlmeof, to the'imk Scptembci, 1838
The whole expenditure under ihe head of Indian Depaitment,
fiom the. commencement of the Government to September
30 1838,10 far at, can be ascertained from the recoids of this
otlice, amounts to              -         -                   .$32,017,598
By tne canven ion of France of the 3d
Apul, 1803, the United States paid for
I ouisiana, in stock and money            $15,000,000
interest on the stock up to the time it
became íedeemable              .               8629.353
By the tieaty with Spain of Ihe 22d IV
hi uaty, 1819, there was paid foi the
1 loridasthe sum of
Imere&t on the stock, constituted pel act
of 21th Mry IS J to pi ovule for the
awaids of tne commissioners undei
the said tieaty, up to the tunc it w.11
paid oft
23,529,333
5,000,000
1,189 768
The paj ments to the State of Georgia, on account
of lands ithnquished to the United States, includ
ing the value of aims furnished that fetatc,
imounted to -s
Amount of Mississippi stock issued under the act of
3d March, 1815, and redeemed at the Treasury,
exclusive of the amount rtceived in payment of
¡ends
There lias been paid for salaries and the contingent
expenses of Ihe General Land Office
lot salancB and incidental e\penses of
the severa! land offices outofihepro
ceedsot sales, white in the hands of
tiie receivers                        -               3 227,939
Foi the galanes of the leisters and re
ceiveis, by warrants on the Treasuiei
el the United "states                                 12,903
M81,768
t,250,000  t
1,832,375
1,1¿6,6C9
and
their
land
For the  filmes of «urvejors general
clerks udci the commissioners lorsetthns
claims, Ac
Ana for the stuvi y of puhhclands
Cost, including ioreign cessions and expenses of In
dian*,
The cost in the acquisition and management of Ihe
publu lands, exclusive of the sums paid forces
sions fiom foieigu Governments, and expenses of
Indian vvat , foi which specific appropnatlons
weie rnadt   -
3,320/42
1,032,66b
5,106,831
$73736,047
Receipts into iheTrea&my fiom the 1 ales of public
lends 10 September 30,1838, exilusive of receipts
fiom lands sold foi the benefit of Indians,
28,181,056   I
-------------I
102,520,103 I
997,900,379
lltEAoCRY  T>FPARTMt,Nr,
KEG'STbrss Oiuce, lehiuaiyl, 1839
T L SMITH, Registei
Note —The records of this office exhibit no specific appio-
pnatious foi suppressing Indian hostilities until 1836, pnoi to
that year, the cost ol wais with the Indians was paid out of ap
propnationsfoi the Army generally The expense of Indian
hostilities from 1st lanuaiy, 1836, to 30th September, 1838,
amounts to 815,232 868 64
This account does not include the heavy dis-
bursements for Indian wais, which, swelled by the
recent enormous expenses m Florida, may be safe-
lv ret down at forty mJhons of dollars. With
this very large balance standing against the land
jet m po.sestion of the United States, if the calcu-
latun of the Vfln<= 0! that residue made by the
Senator from South Caroana be correct, the whole
will not remburse us, much luss the? 65 per cent,
which he proposes to re erve And thu* we shall
have squardereJ not only what Virginia pnd the
other Slates gave us, but alio a large sum of money
contributed by the old States in thi form of taxes
upon their citizslis before the States now proposed
