Jan. 1841.________________   APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-_______________________   6S
26th Cong.......1st Sess._______________     Pre-emption Law—Mr. Preston.                                                        Senate.
to be benefited were m existence. In this most ob-
vious view of the case, we give out of the Treasu-
ry, to a few favored States, thirty-five per cent, of
many millions of dollars collected from the other
States. By this operation, Virginia will not only
have given her lands but her money also. She
will have transferred her property and paid a sum
to those who take it. The quantity of land pro-
posed to be surrendered by this act of cessian is,
according to the report of the select committee, one
hundred and rift}-four millions of acres, lying in
various portions of the nine selected States Thir-
ty-five per cent upon this quantity is upwards of
fifty millions of acres, certainty a munificent dona-
tion The average annual income from the sale of
public lands for the last twenty years is ab ut five
millions of dollars Assuming this ratio, lha an
nual grant m money to these nine Staesis more
than a million and a halt of dollars It is equal to
the civil list of those States. It is the assumption
of the public debts of those S ates It is ti.e dis-
tribution of the whole netl proceeds of the public
lands amongst nine S a'es
It seems to me that the mode of calculation by
which the mover of this amendment brings down
the value of the public lands is erroneous, but,
whatever that value may be, we have no power to
cast it away. One thing is certain, that ihe sales
yield an income of five million , and that, in all
human probability, they will continue to do so for
the next thirty years Their value for a sum in
hand, therefore, is correctly estimated by a very
obvious process The annual receipts should
cover the annual interest, and provide a sinking
fund for the capital By this mode of calculation,
then, allowing the income from the public lands to
terminate at the end of thirty years, the present
value in hand would be upwards of fifty millions,
and the proposition thus reduced results in a dona-
tion, tn presentí, of seventeen millions of dollars to
the nine States. The eagerness manifested by the
Senators representing those Slates is natural.
There is a grandeur in this munificence which sub-
dues the imagination, and casts into shade the vast
donation of Virginia—ditfenng from that, too, in
this that, whereas Virginia gave te all the States,
herself included, this proposition gives to one-third
of the States, containing less than one sixth of the
population
That the average of the last twenty years is a
just, or at least a sufficiently low, criterion of the
proceeds of Ihe public lands for the future, will be
apparent from the consideration of the great in-
crease of the population, which furnishes the de-
mand for new lands. The United States now con-
tain 18,000,000 of inhabitants, an increase at the
rate of about 700,000 a year. The demand for
new settlements will increase m a corresponding
ratio with the population It may be sately put
down as increasing at the rate of four per cent
Experience, heretofore, has shown that the rate of
purchase does not dimmish, as the land has been
picked and culled, but, on the contrary, those lands
which have been longest in market are most freely
sold, in proportion to the quantity in market. Thus,
lands are more rapidly taken up in Ohio than in Ar-
kansas, for the obvious reason that a dense popula-
tion makes inferior land more valuable in the midst
of it, than more fertile districts in an uninhabited
country Therejs but a million of acres of United
States land now remaining unsold in Ohio, and
even this is diminishing with an accelerated ratio.
It therefore may be well assumed that from this
source the United States may enjov a revenue of
five millions, until very much the largest portion
of the domain within the nine States is disposed of,
and long before that period Florida, Ioway, and
Wiskonsan will have brought their contributions
to the general fund, and extended the period of
this income to future generations. Reasoning
upon data known to be correct, m thirty years
from this time the demand for the public lands will
be in proportion to a population increasing at the
rate of two millions a year.
But there are other serious objections to this
amendment, and I invoke the attention of Senators
from every quarter of the Union to that which I
am now about to state. The proposed mode of
disposing of the public lands is altogethei and to
an enormous extent unequal in its operation. What
I insist on is, that there shall be at any rate a per-
fect equality, that there shall not be discrimination
and bounties in favor of one S ate and against
another, but here there is a degree of inequality
which, were there no other objections, would be
sufficient to compel my decided dissent It is pro-
posed to cede the public domain to each of the
States respectively within whose territorial limits
they he. It is given to the States, not to individu-
als It is given to them, not as being all the States,
bat a1* being p&rt only of ihe States of the Union
Should it be ceded to all the States, it would be a
vio'ation of the original cession of the Constitu
tion, as the advocates of this measure contend It
is to be ceded to the States, not in proportion to
their contributions to the public burdens, or in pro-
portion to their size or population, but simply as
States And what will be the result, as between
one of the State  and another? Ohio exceds Mis-
souri in population four to one, and how does this
amendment propose to distnbste the public lands
between these iwo States? The share of Missouri
is to the share of Ohio as more than twenty-eight
to one, making the population of Missouri re-
ceive over the population of Ohio more than
one hundred to one Can Ohio stand by and
see the public domain given away m this p o
portion? Nor is this all, for the one million of acres
which Ohio gets is of lands which have been in
market for more than forty years, and have been
picked and culled during all that time, while the
thirty millions which are _ iven to Missouri consist
of fresh and fertile lands bat recently surveyed
Now let me ask, what will Virginia gei? She con-
tributes to the public burden six times as much as
Missouri Missouri is to get 31) per cent of thirty
millions How much does Virginia get? Nothing
This is not thirty millions to one, it is thirty mil-
lions to nothing. Besides, Ohio has now passed
her chrysalis condition. She has now become one
of the old States of the Union A million of acres
is nothing to her But this amendment gives her
her dividend but of one million of old and refuse
land, while it gives Missouri her dividend of thirty
millions of new land of the very best quality
Let us now look a little at the operation of this
scheme in its details I have here the report of the
learned Committee on Public Lands, made at the
last session, stating the quantity of public lands
within the various States Ohio, it appears, con-
tains one million of acres of second, third, and
fourth rate lands, while Arkansas has forty-three
millions of acres
Mr SEVIER.   Yes, and rich
Yes, said Mr P Arkansas is rich, and tms is
one or the schemes to make the rich richer, and the
poor poorer Arkansas has forty-three Umei as
much of the public land as Ohio, at the same time
Ohio ha  a million and a half of inhabitant , while
Arkansas has one hundred thousand Thus, one
hundred thousand people are to be benefited at the
rate of forty-three millions of acres of land—rich
land, as the Senator tells us—while a million and
a half of people in another State are benefited at
the rate of one million of refuse land Arkansas
is to get two hundred and fifteen aere3 to each in-
habitant, and Ohio one-'hird of one acre1 being a
difference of six hundred and forty-five in favor of
Arkansas Each inhabitant of Arkansas, therefore,
will get six hundred and forty-five times as much
as each inhabitant of Ohio And so of the rest
Michigan has thirty-one millions to Ohio's one mil-
lion. Yet she has less than one hundred thousand
nhabitants. The proportions ar# enormous The
original ce«sion said that the avails of the public do-
main were'to be shared among the States according to
their several portions of the general charge and ex-
penditure. Yet, here an inhabitant of Arkansas is
to get six hundred and forty-five times as much as
an inhabitant of Ohio, or, if you regard ihe two as
States, one gets forty-three times as much as the
other
But it does not stop here New States of the
Union are selected as beneficiaries are they, then,
to be confined to the avails of the land they receive?
Not at all after receiving that, they are then
to come in and be common sharers with the rest of
the States.   We are to give them all their own
lands, and a portion in ours besides • Virginia is to
get one twenty-sixth part of one-half of these lands,
and Arkansas, after having got her own thirty-one
mill ons, is to share this one twenty-sixth part with
Virginia. I should really hope, if the land mast
be given away, it will be at some rate more reason-
ble than this The entire quantity of lands re-
maining unsold within the States enumerated m the
Senator's amendment is 154,000,000 acres: one-
half of this will ba 77,000,000, one-third is 50,-
000,000 And ths bill gives these 50,000,000 to
nine States, the other States to give no portion of it.
I could run out ihis illustration yet further but
I refrain. Mx feie, Hercutewn. These are suffi-
cient
Tóese are to me striking views, but they are not
the considerations which weigh most heavily upon
my mind, and which I should be most glad to see
removed if ihis amendment is to be adopted, and is
ever to become a law In arguing this whole
question I feel the difficulty of our situation as ar-
guing against the wishes and expectations of those
who are to receive the benefit The nine States
who are to get this magnificent donation have eigh-
teen Senators amongst those whom I am address-
ing, who have, of course, a more direct interest in
the adoption of the amendment than any of the
rest of u  This, of itself, presents a powerful mo-
tive to secure their support to the measure and
this fact alone ought to make us pause before we
hastily adopt the plan The benefit to be granted
is not common to us all, but peculiar to them—it is
exclusive ab to us. They are to be benefited we are
to be injured In alluding to the strength of the
motive here presented as likely to band together
eighteen Senators in support of this scheme, I
mean to mibe no personal or offensive reference to
those Senators, it is a motive likely to act on all
men placed in their circumstances. They desire,
very naturally, and very properly, to benefit their
constituents and, under the pressure of that de-
sire, with such an opportunity for its gratification,
the understanding even of the strongest is vet^ likely
to be warped in its conclusions, and seduced to be-
lieve that the measure is perfectly just and pro-
per We must entreat gentlemen so situated, as I
do now entreat them, to raise their views from the
immediate interest oí their cons ltuents in such a
cession as is now proposed, to a just administration
of the sacied trust which has been confided to them
for the benefit of the entire Union. Is it right—is
it just—is it generous—to find their own peculiar
interest in sur lo s and sacrifice? I throw myself
upon them, lhat they will consider this mbject in
an enlarged point of view Especially do I wish
Ohio to do this, who is passing out of her state of
minority and becoming of ripe age Will Ohio
consent thus to squander our common patrimony?
I put it to Indiana,who is soon about to become the
third State in this Union and I ask her whether to
promote a transient interest to-day, she will be wil-
ling to sacrifice the permanent and abiding interest
of to-morrow? and whether she will lend herself to
the delusion that it is just to deprive the old States
of the inheritance they have received from our an-
cestors'
The amendment will produce a state of things I
earnestly deprecate In the administration of this
domain something is due to our past experience.
We all remember the large amount of debt which
was once accumulated under the credit system of the
sale of the public lands, you remember that the
debtors declared lhat they could not pay, and would
not. The very same spirit which prompts men to
take the land without a legal right prompts them to
stand out for the money they ought to pay for it.
Circumstances made it difficult, perhaps impossible
for them to pay, and I well «collect the terror with
which the politicians of that day looked to the
reeults of such a state of things I remember with
what anxiety, not to say terror, Mr. Monroe
contemplated a debt of nineteen milhoas owed
by one section of the Union. Congress looked
with dismay at the mass of debt due from settlers
on the Lower Mississippi, and, in contemplation
of the mischievous effects arising from the cre-
dit system, in relation te the public lands, you
determined to alter your terms of sale, and it was
wisely decided to sell, ia future, for cash alone.
