ñi                    ___________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.    _________                   Jan. 1841.
26th Cong.......2nd Sbss.                                         Pre-emption Law—Mr. Sevier.                                                                                 Senate.
But  f a scattered debt, due from individuals,
be an evil of so dangerous a character as to ex-
cite their terrors, how fearful w U it become when
this debt, instead of b°ing dispersed among a num-
ber of individual settler , is consolidated into one
mass, and owed by a ssction which has already,
from time to time, made claim to an indefeasible
title in all this land • Can you collect if! Yon
cannot drive your debtors from the land Will
you call out the force of the country—send your
army—sell the land under them, and take pocses
sion of it for the United States' It cannot be done
To individuals, in such a case, you can afford to
yield, and make a compromise, but how will you
stand when you have made States your debto s?
The amendment establishes the rela ion of debtor
and creditor between this Government and entire
States—with neighboring, with contiguous States
__with a mass of States, all having one common
interest tn the question, one common chiracter,
and ce common debt Do you expect from a
debtor like this to collect your debt by any preces-^
The thought is idle 1 estimate the honor and
fidelity of the Slates as much as any man, but
what have we heard for the last few years, from
the other side of the Senate, but wild denunciation
of State extravagance—State profligacy—and the
dear, blessed people to be taxed to pay State debb?
Suppose there corn's a short crop, or an Indian
war, or any oiher of tne like contingencies, would
it not be urged as an excuse for nit paying the State
debt? And would you ven ure, undei such cir
cumstances, to call upon them for your money?
You dare not Gentlemen have told you, m one
breath, that you cannot protact your lands from the
sqnatters either by your tipstaves or by your s 1-
diers, and m the very next breath they say you can
force whole States to comply wnh their contract-,
by the power of the Judiciary ' Your army cannot
remove a handful rf individuals, and yet you are
going to drive the States by your Judiciary ' You
cannot turn off a poor squatter, who has no sort of
tule, or evidence or pretence of title, and jet you
are, by the most nugatory provisions of this bill, to
oust a citizen of a State, having a deed from the
Slate in his pocket, and the v, hole State power in-
terposed between htm and you1 It a State shall
declare that they will not pay you, do yen exreit
that individuals of that State will? God forbi i I
should ever see the day when th s com s tobe tned,
or that 1 should contribute to the possib hty of su-
perinducing it You pkee ihe man between two
fires. The State tells him to hold lm lant; the
General Government oideis him to give it up He
is to be hung by the State if he disobeys the State
Government, and if he obejs the State, then
he i< to bs hung by the G< neral Govern-
ment' You never can enforce jour contract,
the Judiciary is utterly incapabk oil' The remedy
which the amendment provides foi the case is ut-
terly lnefhcien' It is, that if the States refu e to
pay, then ihe de-ds mide by the States to mdivi
duals shall be vacated Pshaw' Why, as I have
said, with no deed at all, the sellers, have stood out
against you, and you have been forced to yie'd,
over and over again Think jou that, with a State
deed to show, and the State au hority to shield
tbem, they ara going to march off their farms at
the bidding of > our marshal? Hi would be a bjld
man who would carry a process tbeie I «ay, then,
that there is great danger in your establishing the
pecuniary relation of debtor and creditor with the
States It they cannot pay, what wi'l you do?
They will resi t in masses They have eighteen
Senators on this floe, and it is already their boast
that in ten years fiom this time ih°y will hold the
balance of power, and that they will tak' ihe land
upon their own terms Tne remedy proposed by
the amendment is altogether fallac ou . It propo es
to divert a vested right, and to drive a man from
lands that he has bought and paid for
Something of the same kind was once done by
Congress, (andthe measure, I admit, was supported
by myself, among others,) by which the States be-
came debtors to this Government for a distribution
of the surplui m the Treasury Ard what has be-
come of jour debt? Who a^ks for it? Who dare
rao <e Mich a demand? Have we not, in the very
face of this debt of twenty-six millions due from
the States, borrowed money to supply the wants of
the Government from day to lay? The SecrtUry
of the Treasury tells us of these twenty-six millions
on deposite with the Slates, and in the same breath
asks for an issue of five millions of Treasury notes'
A debt from the States' The States cannot pay it-
they will not pay it, and we dare not ask the a for
it I would not g ve you a groat for your wh le
debt Some difficulty will occur concerning it, and
you—will forgive them all Let us not, then, take
the first step—let us not make debtors of States too
powerful for your management A contest will
arise, and if they are too strong for jou, you will
be subjected to them, and if you are too strong for
them, it will be yet worse, for they must be sub-
jected to you.
On these grounds I a>n opposed to the scheme of
the Senator for a cess on of the pub ic lands I
trust I shall always be ready *o primóte the in e-
rest of the new States, bat I am net wi ling to see
such an inequality of division among tVm as that
one man shall receive 625 acres ifths domain,
whila another man nets but one acre I cannot
consent to establish the relation of debtor and cre-
ditor with the States, and so lose all
There is one other objection to the measure, to
which I shall barely allude I am strongly im-
pressed with the idea that, while the Old Domi-
nion, in making us the cession of her territory,
wisely and cautiously provided that the benefit
should be ratably divided among all the States-,
(and therefore among the Wes em States wi h ihe
rest,) yet the msm point of view m which that cts
sion is to be regirded is as a fi lancia! tun ac i n
In regard to the propo mm fir a distubution of
ihe proceeds, commonly known as the land bill of
the dmngm.hel gentleman to rr-y right, ["Mr
Clay,'] I occupied a peculiar position As an in
dependent proposition, I have been against it, but,
in connection with the surplus revenue, I was for
it I was for a distribution of the surplus revenue
accumulattd m the Treasury, and of the proceed-,
of the public lands as forming a part of it We
distributed both the landed revenue and that from
the customs We have now the subjeU of the ta-
riff opened aga>n, or soon to be opened All ques-
tions before us m regard to tne lands are compli-
cated with the financial system of the United
States II I had the control oí matters, I would
set down five millions as the mconvfrom the pub-
lic domain, and I would then have a m ving s ale
of dunes m piopomon to the wants oí ihe Govrn
ment But this is sea c ly likely to be done Tne
tariff, I suppose, will be fixed, and ni t moveable,
wi h a view to give permanent e to our great in e
rests That Ihty will, to a certain extent bf per-
manent, no man, I think, c n doubt How tbe
pioi ^eds of the public lands are to be adjusted is a
diffncnt question I think they-shoull b" adjust-
ed contempoianeouily with the tariff, or else sus
pended till the tarín" is ¡settled
I cannot but regard the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands as a portion, and a very important
portion, of the public revenue at all times, but more
tspecially now, when thereis a public debt actual-
ly existing, and a proposition before Congress to
increase it. One of the peculiar purposes to which
the old Congress appropriated the income of the
public lands wa  the payment of the national debt.
We have, at this moment, an acknowledged debt
of near five million'! TUe Secretary i f the Trea-
sury demands an a crease of five millions to meet
pressing emergencies, and no one doubts that,
in deterred payments, in exiting charges,
in unsettled balances, and unadjusted claim1-,
there are five millions more outstanding
Thus, on the 4 h March next, th re will be a
national debt of fifteen millions. Ibis is no time
to give away any portion of our mcone, neither to
all the States nor to a portion o' them—neither to
twenty-six Slates nor to nine If these proceeds
are to be abstracted from tbe general Treasury, it
were manifestly be.it that they should be deposed
of to the Slates generally. That wou'd be an ap-
proximation to justice and equity, but the highest
justice and equiy—the moot honest and obvious
performance of our trust—is to apply these funds
to the payment of the national debt.
The proposition of the Senator from Missouri,
to appropna e the«e procesds to the Navy and the
public expenses, is conceived in so hiah a spirit
thititiswell calculated to ealist our sympathies
and captivate the imagination. I hearti y concur
with him in his estimate of the propriety of doing
some hing for th« Navy. That important branch
of the public service has been too much neglected.
It merit?, at all times, the highest consideration.
I s actual condition exacts our most anxious atten
tton. Its glory and its usefulness cannot b° too
highly estima'ed, and I fear it has fallen into great
dilapidation I' might be invidious to inquire how
this diastrous condition has been superinduced, but
it is due to our most precious recollections—to our
highest interests—to all that pride and patriotism
can enforce—that it continue no longer. That
Administration which shall build up the Navy, re-
mvigorate its energies, and revive and stimulate its
wonted spirit, will deserve the eternal grati ude of
the country. As far as the public purse can contri-
bute to this, I would not circumscribe our appro-
priations to any special fund If there be any one
thing amongst us which may be called national, it
is the Navj I would nuf limit it to any sum,
however ample Its only limitstion should be, the
capacity of our commercial marine to man it, and
up to that full fxtent I would enable it to be pre-
sent with our commerce m tbe four quariers of the
world, equipped and.mspirited to protect it and our
honor against all opponents
i      r   ----------
Thursday, January 16, 1841
The bill to establish a permanent prospective
me-emption system, in favor of settlers on the pub-
ic land , v ho shall inhabit and cultivate th same,
and raise a log cabin thereon, being the special or-
d r of the day was taken up, the question being
on the piopos ti >n by Mr Crittenden to recom-
mit the b It, with instructions to report a bill to dis-
tubute tne proceeis of the sales of the public lands
among the Stales, which Mr Calhoun offered to
amend, by substituting a bill to cede the public
lands to the States m which they lie, upon certain
conditions.
Mr SEVIER said he knew of no political ques-
tion, except it were a quesiun involving national
oj State honor, or a questnn of war with a foreign
power, m which his constituents felt an interest so
deep and universal, as they do in a just, speedy,
and final deposition of the public lands.
In the adjustment of this great question, they de-
sire whit is just and liberal, and nothing more;
and they will never be satisfied, as they ought not
t  b°, with any settlement of it which falls short of
ample justice and great liberality. Senators from
the old States have had the pewer, and jet have
the power, to vote down every reasonable proposi-
tion upon this subjec ,as they have frequently done
from time to time for the last half century But,
thank G id, selfishne s, and avarice, and injustice,
like all things, else on earth, have a termination'
Human extirtion and ?nnoyance, either individual-
ly or by Sia'es, in the wne dispensations of a mer-
ciful Providence, cannot last forever * What m-
fiuenc- a sense of justice, in conflict with pecuniary
interest, or a knowledge of what the future will
inevitably bring to [  s, may now have upon the
minds of Senators representing the old States, will
be determined by their vo'es upon the proposition
now before the Senate Ten years hence, after the
next census, should a settlement of this question be
so long deferred, and should we at that time have
no traitors m our garrison to betray us, it will be
a matter of slight concern with us, further than to
have, what would be at pll times desirable, the
friendship, good will, and co-operation of our
brethren, whether the Senators from the eld States
are willing to settle the land question or not We
shall then have the power, and we shall then exer-
cise it, too, of disposing of this great question to
suit ourselves. And when that settlement takes
place, we shall hear no more of this Government
peddling m town sites and town lots, no more of the
relationship of federal landlord and tenant, in lead
mines, salt springs, and Indian reservations;
no more of penal statutes prohibiting emigration
and settletn"it upon the public lands, no more of
sui's of trespas? or ejectment; nor of our Illustrious
army, crusading under your orders, not against the
