66                                        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                              Jan. 1841.
26rH Cong.......2\d Sess.                                    Pre-emption Law—Mr. Sevier.                                                                        Senate.
paying power, th( Ge-eral G vernmcnt I think
such indulgence right and proper But the Senate
think o h<rwise, and have already obviated the
Senator's objection He is violently opposed to
any such indulgence He says, one of our West-
em hunters can travel without difficulty, the whole
of ear frontier, from the St Peters to the Kia-
mtehie or Red river, and be able to select, and to
squat upon, and locate, the very be->t tract of land
on the whole route' Wnat unparalleled monstrosity
He would not only net permit such a fellow, with
his flap and leggms on, to have a tract of land,
even if he could sell betr meat and peltries enough
to pay fcr it Nc, not h= He would not even
permit him to camp upon the public lands for a
single nigh', le-.t suoh aoommation would pollute
even the '-oil itself on which ha slept He wou'd
remov hin fortbw ih from (be public land1-.
Not however with the militia ' On, no, sn Mi.
Poinsett, y< u kno /, Mr President, ¡rave u-, some
trouble about ibe milnit bill, of which, perhap ,
tie hon( rab c S pi 01 has heard scmething—and
the Senator is uncr t o smart to be oaught tinker-
ing with men in uiuluim He woull send a cop-
stable to i err ove h in with 'us warrant and stall of
office' Wuu 1 his c instable succeed5 On, )e-,'
qu te likel} — q <i t 1 ke'v, sir Friendly prrsua-
scn oitrn elf ct w'nt io cc wou'd fail to accom-
plish, and it ha-* bet n siul that a poor man, in
any txtiemitie , «I en loisaken by Ihe wo Id, ran
safely cocuit upon two frund , two inseparab'e
companions, t1 it will never desert him his «1 >g is
one and the t nsUMe is the olhei
The Semtor flora Connecticut [Mr iloNnso
ton] also objects to lh° passage ot this bill He
cannot be )r tl e idea of a poor man having the pn
vilege ol entering by pre-emp'un, a hundred and
sixty acres of mh 'and Becaif ■, the brute may
have the ¡uulac ty to select a spot of land where
there may be uater pnoil "fs '—watet privileges'
Why, sir, he Ic-es ih " eq miimity of lm temper at
the thought ihM i pou devil make s ike hi-, thnst
by drinking lroii a spun? ol pure water, or c(
htvmg a tub mill to grind mei) fur his family.
Water privileges' I have heaid (f tins < bjection
■before, but never hiard ol it without 1 eling as
though I h?d swallowed a dose of lartar emetic or
ipecacuanha. All the Sena'ors who oppore this
bill, represent it as a revival of the a edit system Yes,
sir, credit system ' and upon that hypothesis, they
have favored us with some learned discourses upon
the evils of the credit system. Sir, when I heard
these tli quint hirang íes, coming f om a rertam
qaarter ot tin- chamber, I felt something like ihe
Senator from Kentucky [Mr Clai] did, on bis re-
turn from Richmond, .i yeai or so ago, «hen he
wished to etpic s h s surpnse at somtthing he
Jveatd m ihii chambei, hi exc'aimed, "Where am
J, Mr Pre iden 1 An 1 in (he Senate c'ambei, or
Rot? Do I see vou, Mr President, or not? Is ihat
the chandelier I set tl ere, or not? Is. that the pic-
tare of tre fdtr-ei of his couniry which I sre sus-
pended over y> u, or noil" He could not have been
more surprised on thtt ocens on, than I have bein
at the phihnics and tu. des of certain honorable
Senators again l the citdit sjstem—some of them
the advocates of the lccepnon, for dues to the Go-
vernment, of f-e piper cf b-oken, -nspended, and
noi - pecie-paying banks—and nil of them the ad-
vocates of deposiiinj? the revenues ot the General
Governm nt with ih" States' The credit s-jsem,
indeed ' Sir, a I their fears are wi hout founda-
tion We propo e io sell io land by this bill, or
?ny other, upi n ciedit We do not propec to
part from our land vitpmit "he cash. It is true, we
propose to delay the sales of the lands to which
there are pre emption claims, for twelve months,
except n shou d Le thought «ulvisable to sell the
land at an earher da>, and of that matter, the
President of ihe United Slates is the s1 le judge,
and whenever it is sold, the rash must come It is
me/ely a question between March and Mny, and
June And September. The pre emption bill may
hasten, hut, m no event, can it re'ard the sales, and
whenever ,t is sold, to-day, to morrow, s>x or
iwelve mouths hence, the money mu=t be paid
ijwn or the claim is forfeited, and is subject to be
•  Id to any one who will buy it
Ano btj objrc"' n io the passage of the bill t^
that sett'ers upon the unsurvejed lands ore placed
upon an equal fooling with those residing upon the
surveyed lands These settlers have always been
upon an equality, and they ought to be upon an
equality. If the land1, are notsuiveyel, it is our
faul>, and no fault of theirs, and if yoa are deter-
mined to cripple our States in this manner, you have
only to refuse, as you have the power to do, to
pass the appropriations to carry on the public su -
veys, and you accomplish your purpose. Yu u sur-
vey when and where you plea.se, and are not more
m the habit of consul ing the wishes of ihe settlers
upon this than upon any other question—that is to
say, sir, th'-y are never consulted by you upon any
subject.
Su, I do notdesne to be tedious, and must now
pus on to the other bills under consideration, which
are ofieied as subsimt es for the original bul The
nfxt bill in order is the disiributu n bill Well,
sir, I am not going to dp-cuss this bill ai this time,
il I ever do I made a speech agamsi such a pio-
poM i >n twelve months ,*go, and am not disponed to
repeat now what I said on that occasion, and e^pe
cially as I have b en anticipated by the Senator
from Mrtouri, [Mi Bent in ] He, nc, for ihn
session at lea^t, has given this hill its dea'h blow—
it has fal'en dead under his Herculean blows—be
has demohihed it, kilkd it, muidcred it, and I have
no dispositio-i to lake up the time ot the Senate in
mangling the carcase of the deceased
I  was slid, howiver, to find, (rom the course of
his remarks that ih  Senator from S >uth Carolina
[Mr Piuf-TON] intended to vote agau st ihe distri-
bution bill, because he consul led n inexpcd ent
and unconstitutional There is some consolation in
th s, sir, for at a future day we may nee I his ser
vices in resisting*the passage ot this ld-ntical
bill
The next bill which is proposed as a substitute,
is the cession bill This bill pioposes to cede the
public lands to the Slates in which they lie, on cer-
tain conditions Taking the cession, as qualified by
the conditions and unmounts to little more, if any
thing, than a transfer ot the management from the
National to the 8fat' Governments The lanrhs
ate now managfdtby the General Government, and
at ib sole expense, and if this bi'l pa«ses, the lands
hereafter will be managed by the ¡states respee ively
in which Ihe lands he, and ¡>t fheir exclusive ex-
pense And as an indemnity to thofe States foi
their trouble and expense in mtnagmg this gnat
intarest, and as a con ideration for the surrender of
the five per cent on ihe sales ot land in their limit'-,
hereafter acciumg, to which they art- entitled by
the terms of their admission into the Union, the bill
proposes to give to the Stales thirty five pei cent of
the gioss proceeds of the sales of the land Tms is
the bill—a bill which ha, b"<rn most falsely charac-
tered as a bill to give away ihe public lands. It
is my favorite bill, because it embraces the cession
c'ause, by which we get the heavy, crushing, Fede
ral foot from off of oui necks, and because it puts
it beyond the power of a future Congress to laise
the price of the public lpnds, as a future Congrecs
will do, if the grow ng avarice of the old Slates
should continue to increase, and they should hava
the power to accomplish it
II  is my favorite bill lor other reason1- Item-
braces the pre emption and graduation elauses of
the formei of thee proportions I hive already
spoken,and of the Utter, I have but a word or so
to say, as the subject ol graduation is familiar to
every Senator, and shal I purpjse saying, is elicit-
ed by a remark male the other day by the Sjnator
from Nrr h Carolim, [Mr Mangim] He oppo-
ses ihe graduation principle, becaus , in the course
of time, the refuse lands may brin¿ a dollar and a
quarter an acre, and, therefore, he is unwilling for
the Government to m->ke such a sacrifice. He
states, ?s a justification for his argument, what is
doubtless correct, that in 1836, the public laiids had
brought a great deal reo e than what they had
been estimated at in 1828 No doubi of it. and
what was it that did not bring a great deal more in
183G than it did in 1828? Will the Senator se'ect
that year as the proper time to te«t the val ic of
land, or any thing else, m either old ornew State '
Doss he not know that the inflated pnces oí land,
ard every thing else in 1836, broke the banks, mer-
chants, and traders, and the United Sta'es, if not
the world? Mon certainly I should select any
other than 1836 as the proper time to estimate the
true value of any thing Where is the old Slate
that has iefuse lands to dispose of, that holds them
ap to any thing like the prices to which you hold
up the refuse lands m ths new States? No where,
sir. No Legislature ot any State in this Union
would dare pursue iuch a pohcj, noi would any
Senator h-re, with all h>s feigned independence,
dare o pursue such a policy, were they but within
ths reach of the citizens of the new States They
pursue towards the new States, who are not their
immediate cons ltuents a couise of policy they
dare not adopt in regard to their own States
What a commentary upon that good old ru'.ej of
"*o ng as you would Le ione by."
My friend from Soutb Carolina [Mr. Cílhoüs]
has shown conclusively, I thirk, thit the intrinsic
value of laud, or any thing the, is six per cent,
upon the sum it yields aneUdlly He has thrown
over this subject such a LI /  o* luht as to carry
conv cuon, Í think, ti eveiy unprcj idiced heart.
He has shown, by an un?is uraoleargurrent, that
it is belter for t e Government to receive speedily a
modi rate price for th-ir property, than to ho don
to it for a great series of >ears, with the view of
ge nng an enhanced pr ce for il, and yet, with
these conviction , without even the flimsy apology
of subserving the financial m'erest of the United
States, w" find Senators moving heaven and earth
to keep qjidtities of the inferior lands out of mar-
ket, I y holding up the pnce beyond ihetr value
Why is it, then, that such a course is pursued?
The answtr is obvi u? It is to prevent the settle-
ment and improvement of the new States, and Io
prevent them from rai n? a revenue by taxation
upon their lands. Sir if the United Slates, the
great lavd monopolist, like every honest land holder
in the State, were to my the S ate taxes upon their
lands, we should have fir le^s grounds of com-
plaint The Government pays no taxes, nor will
she suffer the lands to be sold at a fair price, that
somebody may be induced to purchase them, by
which the Slates in which they lie may, by taxing
hem, receive a small revenue to support the State
Governments
Tne friends of this b II anticipate many benefi-
cial results from us passage The reasons which
influenced the commit ee m reporting this bill, and
the reasons which influenced the author ef it to
i ffer it to our cons deratio i, have been p esented
to the Senate I shall not npeat or dwell upon
them The v.ew of the committee, and of the
author of the bill, are nmanJ opposed by the ad
vusanes of the measure'
They oppose the bill, in the first place, wi h an
exaggeration of the quantity of land subject to its
provisions The true quantity, (if there be any
truth in oar ofBc al document*,') in all of the new
Slates, which is subject to ihe pnvisions of tha
cession bill, is one hund ed <md fifty fom millions
of acre^ Some of the opponen's of this bill repre-
sent the quantity, I think, to be ten hundred mil-
lions of acres' Now, s r, I care but little what
the quantity may be, our arguments apply to the
pnncipV, rnd not to the numer of acres {should
not, therefore, nstice this bombast at all, but that I
wish to disabuse the public uimd as to the extent of
oui possession .
Where do we find tbese immense possessions,
amountinf, in acres, to nurrbers which I hate not
mathematical skill to compute'! I have no objec-
tions to go on a tr'p of pi asure with the Senator
fromSmth Carolina [Mr Prestov] to (he peak of
the Rocky Mountain , <n whose elevabon be
pexhed himself, to be able to begin to form some
idea of our countless ae¡e3 Where are thej1
Are they there? Do we not all know that all the
countiy west of Arkansas and Missouri, and south
of the Missouri river, and east of ihe Rocky Moun-
tnns, h held in fee by a pa'ent from the President,
by the Indian tribe-, and by treaty, with Mexico or
Texas' Do we not -II know that the angle of coun-
try formed by the Missouri river, Iowa, and the
Canada line, is either held in like manner by In-
dian tribes, or els= i  totally uninhabitable? Do
we not also know that all the country west of the
Rocky Mountains is held by Indians, and is claim «J,
