Jan.  1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
26th Cong—2nd Sess.
thojgh unjustly, by a foreign power, and that we
have not to tbi  day had nerve enough to wrest it
from him1 We all know the e thing , and yet,
they would have us and the world believe we have
as many acres of land at. there are grains of sand
alone the tea shore.
The adversaries of this bill also exaggerate the
benefits it proposes lo confer on the States The
Senator from South Carolina [Mr Preston] states,
that my State (yes, sir, he has done her the honor
to select her for his illustration,) will, by the provi-
sions of the cession bill, receive forty millions of
acres of land ' Has the Senator ever read the bill'
I doubt it, for if he had, I am satisfied he would
never make such a statement m the face of the
SeDate I have already ^hown that in considera-
tion of the surrender of h°r five per cent, to which
she is now er, titled, and for the trouble and expense
ef managing and selling the public lands, that the
bill proposes to give her thirty-five per cent and no
more, and not the whole of it, as the Senator ar-
gues. The Senator also misstates the quantity of
public land in that State It is a little over forty
instead of forty millions This thirty-five per
c«nt. it will also be observed, she is to receive gra-
dually throughout the period of eighty years
—and trom sales oí land in hsr own limits
to her own citizens—but, when she defrays
the annual expenses of managing and settling this
land, by paying surveyors and land officers and all
that, and when she has had deducted her five per
cent, which she now receives, and whieh she is
entitled to receive in virtue ol her compact of ad 
mis.ion into ihe Union, mthoui expense, she will
have remaining out of her thirty five cent, upon
the gross proceeds of the sales, which the bill pro-
poses to give her a trifling sum, not worth a
week's deba'e in ihe Senate, so far as money is con-
cerned. Sir, I ihink if this bill be liable to objec-
tion, so far as money considerations are involved,
the bill gives her too little instead of too much.
But I am willing, as one of her representatives, to
receive it, in order to get this land question finally
disposed of.
The Senator also opposes this bill because it vio-
lates the terms of the compact with Virginia and
Connecticut. He tells us these States ceded their
lands to the United States to be "disposed of" for
the common benefit. I have read the Virginia com-
pact ihe Senator refers to, but not lately. As his
objection seems to be founded on the words "dis-
posed of" as being incompatible with the word
"cede," as used in the bill, I hope the author of the
bill will accommodate the gent'eman, as I think he
can do with propriety, by substitu'mg in the bill the
words "disposed o/" for the word "cede " Either
term I fancy will be acceptable lo the friends of
the measure The Senator tells us that the leadmg
and only objects of those two S ates, in making
the cession, was money. Well, sir, Connecticut at
least, has long since received, for what was at best
a doubtful claim, an ample consideration for all
she ceded. The obj xts of these grants being mo-
ney, as we are now «formed, he argues, that these
lands cannot properly be disposed of for the com-
mon benefit, for any ihing else. This construction
I consider rather too restricted. Congress, I ap-
prehend, can dispose of these land  for other things
than money, provided it be for the common bene-
fit. Congress certainly have ofien exercised
such a disposition of them and probably will
do it again. There is no stipulation in the com-
pact, that I am aware of, requiring those lands
to be sold at a certain price per acre, nor any
stipulation, prohibiting Congress from selling
those lands at a price less than one dollar and a
quarter an acre They have full power over the
subject, and can sell on what terms they choose,
and either to individuals or to States. I know of
nothing to the contrary. But whatever force there
may be in the Senator's objections, they do not ap
ply to this bill, because it goes on the ground that
the lands shall be sold for cash, and upon the fur-
ther ground that the money accruing under its pro-
visions shall be paid in the public Treasury for the
common benefit
The Senator objec's, further, to this bill, because
it establishes, as he alleges, the relationship of
debtor and creditor between the national and State
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Smith.
Governments I am against any such relation-
ship, and if there be any such obscurity in the bill
on this point, I hope the author of it will modify it,
by making it the duty of every purchaser of laud
to deposite the sixty five per cent, the portion of
the purchase money coming to the United States,
wuh the proper person, to the credit of the United
States I do not desire, notwithstanding my confi-
dence in Ihe mlegrity of the Slates, for a dollar of
Federal money to be placed, even temporarily, in
the treasuries of the States Let the bill be so mo-
dified, if it requires such modification, and then,
sir, all the evils the Senator has so eloquently paint-
ed, resulting from such a connection, will be
avoided—and h re i  an end to that chapter
The next objection to ihis bill is, lhat it is
changing our most admirable land sys'em—and
that is monstrous' Will you change a system,
they ask, which has operated so happily for forty
yeaK! Behold Ohio and Indiana ' See what mag-
nificent communities have grown up under our
most admirable land system ' Yes, sir, Ohio and
Indiana have grown up with surprising rapidity,
and so has Russia under the edicts of her absolute
Emperors, and that, too, without the magical bene-
fits of our admirable land system' Has our land
syitem produced the growth of either Ohio er In-
diana? No, sir, far from it. They would be better
off, if you had neither lands or land systems in
the limits of either. And have we not changed
our land system frequently? We have changed it,
in reducing the quantity of land authorized to be
sold. We have changed it from a credit to a cash
system. We have changed it, by reducing the
price from two dollars to a dollar and a quarter
an acre. The distribution bill, which those gentle-
man advocate, is a proposition to change the land
system. And have any of these changes checked
the growth of Ohio or Indiana' No sir. They
have gone steadily onward—and would have done
so, if they had never heard of any of your land
systems. Other States, old State , all things con-
sidered, have growu up as rapidly as Ohio and Indi-
ana, where your land system never had a location
or an existence We should act with childish «¡u
perstition to refuse to make any alterations in our
system, which experience, or the wants of the com
munity, or the condition of thing , might point out
or suggest. And pray, sir, how long since is it
that those gentlemen manifested such a horror at
change' Change, change, I had thought, was iheir
war cry. I hid thought every thing was to be
changed fr^m head to foo ' I had thought eveiy
thing was to be changed, that commerce was to be
revived, that money was to be good and plenty,
that poverty and hard times were no longer to be
found m the land, and, in short, that we were to
have a glorious summer of unbroken prosperity'
And do these great reformers, that were to change
every thing, expect, now that they have expelled the
incumbents from office, and are about to seat them-
selves snugly in their places, to forget their pledges,
and sit quietly down at their ease? If they dream
of such comfort and composure, they will find
themselves sadly mistaken They must let off
their thirty-pounders, if they have any, they must
bring forward, and carry it too, some great and
striking measure, as they have promised, or they
will be laughed into scorn, ridicule, and contempt1
If they fail in all this, their days are numbered If
such logic as this could have deterred our bold and
iron nerved ancestors, (and jt was preached
by a celebrated party of that day,) from
changing the whole Government, we should
now, sir, be the humble subjects of her
Majesty, and not the independent represeniatives
of twenty-six States and eighteen millions of free-
men. I hope some of us, at least, have inherited
a portion of the inquisitive virtues of our fathers,
and have courage enough to look things in the
face as they are, and not be frightened to death by
sounds and empty shadows. I admit that every
change is not an improvement, and fear that the
late change of our President is of this character.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clat] tells us
that all these land projects are traps to catch votes,
and he appeals to the result of the late election as
an evidence to show that they had failed in their
object.^In the North, generally, I doubt if any
Senate.
candidate would obiain their suffrages who was
not considered friendly to a protective tar If In
the South, notwithstanding the result of the late
election, I doubt if any candida e could obtain their
suffrages who was known to be m favor of emanci-
pating iheir slaves, and I bel eve, in the new
State , that no candida e could obtain their suf-
frages who was known to be against graduation o£
the price of ihe pufelicland* and pre-emption rights,
or other land measures or substitutes which would
confer equil benefits upon that section of the coun-
try. And how was it in the case of the late elec-
tion m that quarter? Was not every stump worn
smooth by Whig orators in trying to convince the
people that Gen Harrison was the real friend of
the West' Did they not snow, from a history oe
his public life, that he had always voted for both
pre-emption and graduation b lis' Did ihey not
also show that his competitor had, so late as 1828,
veted against these measures? Did they not tell us
that Mr Van Buren'  profe-sion  of friendship for
those measures, as contained in his messages, were
hypocritical, and that they were of too modern ori-
gin for evidence, and that they ought not to be le-
hed upon' I can appeal, I think, with safety to
every Western Senator as a witness to the truth of
this statsment Sir, Gen Harrison obtained the
votes in the West for other restons doubtless, but
manly because he was friendly to these measures.
Ai)d popular in that quarter as he has proved him-
self to be, he never would have gotten their votes 
if his hostility to those measures had been even
suspected.
Mr President, I have dwelt longer than I had
intended upon this great question, and have, before
I conclude, but a single remark to make, and that
is, that public sentiment in the new State* requires
a change m the disposition of the public laud-, and,
sooner or later, public sentiment in that quarter
will have it done. On this subject there is a col-
lected moral force which cannot and will not be
snecessfully resisted And is it not your duty to
respect this pubLc opinion? Is it not our duty to
promote the peace and happiness, whether it be dis-
turbed by real or imaginary cause*, of every mem-
ber of our Union? And, m accomplishing so high
and so noble a purpose, does it hecome us to stand
out upon mere trifle ? What are a few dollars,
more or less,, to the National Treasury, in compari-
son to such high and absorbing considerations?
And after all, is it not our fluty, as far as in us
lies, to make every citizen of every Slate a free-
holder, an independent and happy man? What
spectacle is there so pleasing to a virtuou, and
feeling heart'                                      \
January 14 and 15, 1841. /■
The bill to establish a permanent prospective
pre-emption system, in favor of settlers oji the pub-
he lands, who shall inhabit and cultivatelhe same,
and raise a log cabin thereon, being the special
order of the day, was taken up, the question being
on the proposition of Mr. Cair tundes to recom-
mit the bill, with instructions to report a bill to dis-
tribute the p'oceeds of the sales of the dublic lands
among the States, which Mr. Calhoun offered to
amend, by substituting a bill to cede the public
lands to the States in which they he, upon certain
conditions.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said: White the origi-
nal bill granting pre-emptions to actual settlers was
the only question before the Senate, I felt no desire
to say a word upon n, but since the proposition of
the Senator from Kentucky, and the amendment to
that proposition submitted by the Senator from
South Carolina, have fairly brought before the Se-
nate for discussion the whole subject of the public
lands, I have come to the conclusion that it might
be expected of me to take some part in the debate.
And, sir, permit me to say that I enter upon this
discussion with the more pleasure, because I have
not the least idea that the question will be settled at
this session, now half expired, and because I feel
not only willing but anxious that my sentiments
should be fully known by the people of my State
before the next session of Congress, during which
I hope to see the whole subject amicably and finally
arranged: for, sir, if I know myself, I desire to re-
present, on this occasion, and upon all other sub-
