68   ________________          AfrfrENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. m_____________Jan. 1841.
£6th Cong-..-2nd Sess.                                        Pre-emption Law—Mr. Smith._______________________Senate.
jects, both the interest and wwbes of my State, and
to those wishes and that interest I will at all times,
on all questions of expediency, conform my own
action here, as her representative, with great plea-
sure. I have sail that I consider the bill and the
proposed amendment as bringing the who'e sub-
ject before the Senate, for, sir, I cannot aeree wilh
iheStnator from Missouri ihat they are incongru-
ous I consider them entirely gerraain, and legiti-
mately connected, both ior argument and legisla-
tion. The'wholi subj-c t may well be arranged m
a single bill, and a  the bas<>s of such a bill must
include the principle* of one or both of the pro-
posed amendment it is eniirelj prop r ihat they
shouldb" d.ocu sel wilh ihc original proposition.
Previous lo ti e vif ts which I intend to submit
upon this subjeet, th" Seiaie wilt pardo i me it I
notice the ciosi ij; nfns'ks of the Senator fiom
Arkansas, [Mr Sí. >n it,] v>ho has just taken his
seat 'íhj.c S-alo , taking as he generally dees,
a clear, enmm n s n e view of the relation between
cause andtOot,! s jest told Us that (he in com-
ing party m 1st d i onaeihing to meet th* expecta-
tions ol the pe>( I , i<vt it must bring up ind np-
port n-v, ureisue, that it must not sit down
in the scaK ot the ont-soi'ig pally nnl fold its
ar-is ihat lh pip btvf tten le) to belitve ihat
now aleaseis v n lo be . tl >pttd, that the d )C-
timesof ihc oi-g n ' piUy \ eie todepaitwith
Ih'm in UuirrMi moot, that the measures under
which tre Cov< imic.it his been adminr ered were
hostile to (he i', eiest oí the people, and, •-ajsth'1
Senator, it there shill le no change, the days of
the in com ng 11 Harrison parly are numbered—
it will go out at the end of loar years by a larger
majority tnati n i ame in I enuiely concur with
the Senator in In. po fit n, and thank him for the
honesty and candi r of Ihe admission he lus made,
be has lunes 'y ,<nd concluíively sulvsd the mys-
tery which suiiomidcd Ihe Kcm result ot iht poli-
tical campaign m ihe mm 1-, ot some Senators, and
especially in ihilo' the honorable 8 uatu /run
Missoun, [VIi Binion ) «bo declared, a Itw days
ago, thai lh re uu \ as a m>sterv he could n it un-
derstand lh hi tutor iron Aikmsas ¡eifeelly
under*taud it, audi concur with him that.it the
m-romiug pauy pursuer", tin same line of general
policy 'hat wts the i tiling po icy ol Mr Van Buren,
its dayi will be numb >red, Ms days ought to be num-
bered. The people have condemned that policy, they
have willsd that tho e whoMipport it shall no longer
fill thchighest offices within then gift, they have willed
that a dinero it poltev sh/ll prevail, taey have se-
lected ihi ir ríents ior the purpose of carrying out
a dixierenl jrohci, tho'-e ngi n ¡> stand pledged to do
i.0, and it would he a dirict violalion of faith to
the people to relu e to conform to their will It
would be such a brepch of faith as ought to num-
ber ¡he days of too c wh> shoalt presume t>pon
sucha dang rou experiment I trust, howevei,
that there is no cause for alarm fiom any quarter
on this subj'ft I tne'ely notice the remark of the
Senator to say thit I h°ar'ily concur with him, and,
so far as I am concerned, ihe charge shall have
no applica ion
Another lemailc of the Senator I must briefly no-
nce, in which I am ant s > lormnate as to concur
I understood the Senator to siy ilut the Senators
fiom the old Sta es hud uniformly voted down
every propj ilion from ihe ntw States in vihch
they felt any interest
[Here "*r '«i v rrt rose and said he lnd made
s veral exceptions ]
So I utd rsto d ihe S natot, but I do not feel
dispoS"d to let the remaik pass even with the ex-
ceptions, as Id) nt lh nlc it does justice to the
Senators from the oíd Stiie--, as thij are called
How raatu Senators con pose this body, sir? Trie
answer is fitty-two, of tnai nu nber only eighteen
are from the new S ates m> calle 1 Well, sir,
does not the Sena'orc n l'ei boih ihe pre-emption
ani graduation bills Western mca«UTs? And
how could the new States, wi h taeir eigbt-en merr-
bers, have passed any bill on eitoer of tnose sub-
jects without the yo es of Senators from ihe old
S ates? And sti'l these bills have a-ain and again
pa sed the Senate with the votes of Senavns fro ¡
the o d and new States. And, sir, I cannot let Ihe
occasion pas3 without doing to Senators from the
old States justice, so far as my Siate is concerned
l have frequently, since I have been a member of
this body, lelt the kind aid and support of many of
the Senators from the old Sia'es on subjects of vital
imporiance and deeply interesting to my State,
when a most settled opposition had come from S >-
nators from tM SjuUiwestern Siaies designated as
new State . It affords ire great plermre to except
from this remark (he Senator fiun A kansa^ S >,
sir, as one of the representative, <f one of the new
States, I claim no participation in the application
of the remarks of that Ssnato '.
The Senator fiom Aikansas also intimated thit
the new Stales would soon be strong enough to
make tbeir own laws on fhu. subject without the aid
of the other States of tMs Union This he thinks
may lake j laee by the year eighteen hundrtd and
tifty The Senator from South Carolina [Mr Oal.
houn] also piedicated a portion of lus remark-, upon
the same nypoih'sis Here a< aiti I amcompe led
lo d ssent «i toto fiom the po-s.tions assumed by
those Senat us It seems that the Smator  over-
look a most important fact in older to arnve at
their conclusion , tha' is thai the Sia'es are be-
coming old faster than new, or, in olhei words,
that ihe old States aie incieasing latter man ihe
new ones I use the words ' old" pnd "new" m
their confined acceptation It the Si natois c im-
der all new States that hive been, and that ma/
be, adimttel into the Union since ti e adoption of
tho Fedcial Constituí on, the/ aie ughl, but tint is
not the u e Ihey desue to make ot ihe teim , they
re er U States having a border inteii tin com-
mon, giowitig oui of their frontier ^itui'io'i, an I
the quantity of pnbli* lands within their limit Ii
this sen>.e, does it not strike those Senatoi that the
danger is the other way1* that the old S ates mu l
increase in pioportiou' and ttiat the power to
control legislation on this s ibject mu->t ultimate
!y, unless setll d oon, lie with thim? It
looks so to me, aid I have heaid no argum nt
to shake this view of tho case. How ■■lands
the case with Ohio? How with Im'una? ay, In'i
ana, tl at but a fe-v jtars ago wa  upon ll eextreme
fumii r The fcrmer no longer clums to be a new
Sl.itc, and the latter, so far as th< land question is
concerned, can seaicely be "-aid to belong to that
cla^s of States Oilier  are follown s, rap llv and
in a few years more all ihe r resent gieat Sntes
in the valley of Ihe Mi sissippi a ill b^ in the very
centre ot the Union of Siat^, and not even
the Weslern of the old State-, in the *enso I am
di-cussmg ihe subject Is it, then, wise in Ihe
Snator, from the extreme frontier of ihe State-
called the new Slates to rai^e any question
lounded upon loc>l considerations exclusively,
on this preat land question? I submit the,e
remarks in a spirit ot kindness, foi ll.e-e Se
nators, one and all, knuw that I have ever stood by
them when the interest of their Sta'e was in ques-
tion. But, sir, I must be pardoned for sayirg that
1 never hear these local and discriminating ques-
tions agitate 1 h re or elsewhere, when taey can pos-
sibly be avoided, wuhout a deep sense of the im
propriety of the course. Let us remember that we
are brethren of ihe same family, embarked in the
same vessel, bound to Ihc sum port Let us n"ver
forget our molto, ' Un ted we s and, divided we
fall " We must have confidence in earh other
Deaving our existence from the .ame race, uniied
tigether by t1 e same patriotic leve of eountiy, ac-
knowledging the sime Supteme E«ing, and cherish-
ing Ihe same fren eonstitu'i nal foim of govern
ment, should we not have full confidence m eaci
other, and should we not avoid every ihing calcu
lated to exc.te angry feelings or engender sectional
hoslililies? It may not become me to leclure older
Senators on this subject, but I shall lest my deferee
on the imjiortance of the position, an i Ihe inpres-
sion it has made on my mind I will digress no
further, but lake up the subject under eons de alion,
as I had originally intended before I was decoyed
from the path by the remarks of the Senator fiom
Arkansas, which I have thought proper to nalice.
While we differ «pon many points connected
with the land question, we all concm in the magni-
tude of the subject, and its great imporiance. There
h another point m which there is a ggreral concur-
rence, *o far as I have as yet heaid an opinion ex-
piessed, and that is, the piopnety, nay, more, the
necessity, of settling the whole matter so socn as i'
can be done satisfactorily to all. Upon the magni-
tude of the suoject and its consequent connection
wi h the legisla* on of Congies<!, and tne diversi-
fied interests of the States in all their varieties, the
Sena or from South Carol na commented at large,
and, as I do not desigt travelling over the same
giound that other S naims ha\e occup ed, where I
concur with them, I shall content myself by read-
ing an extract from the report of the Coram ttee
on Pub'.c Lind-, tj wnich the bill of the Senator
fromS uh Ciruhna bal been committed. This
extra" will show the quantity of \hz public lands
o^er which our legisla'ion extends And 1 read
it to the Fenata iha' a miy be fresh in the recol-
lection oí Senators when I allude to it in my subse-
quent remtiks    Tne leport «ays
"It ipixars horn the repon of the C >mmi3sionei of the Ge
neial Land Ofbce (, ee Hue 4b 51 isess 25th Cong ) that the
wh )lc quantity in acies of ll t- public domain on thfa 30lh Sep
u nbei 1833, to which the i han tu e was not extingnishec!,
amounted to seven hutuiicl md si\ty ^ix m ltions *n round
niiukH Tletewere atlif nmi lime, a*3 appetia bj the
same leport in the Mate au1 leulto íes three hundred and
muele n millions if actea 'o wh ch ihe Inc'im tule was evtln
gnuhiHl rnak ng the whole fubhc i mam in the aggregjteat
lhattnneto be ten bund ed an 1 eis?ht> five millions oí acies
Uy table milked A, herewith annexed it appear  ihat, on ihc
first of Tauuar) 1 ist, U eie \\eu n the newtetati s onehundied
and fifty four million^ of tries t) which the Ir dian titles were
extinguished and nine million five hundred thousand icres to
which tho Indian tule was not i \ mguished making in the
iSTigau one hundred and six'y three million five hundred
thousand icres From this de luct for disputed grants many
ol which are luge, to which the right of the Government may
n t, be esubhshed, thrte millions ard a half of acres, which
w nld le ivt, c le hun bed and ->lx y millions subji ct lo the ope
nu i ol this bill Olí Caí hoi n & intendment ) being less than
o le s vlh d the whole pabla lomam
"Who can read the aojve exiiact, and not see the
immjnse majni ude of the subjtct under considera-
tion1 I listened to ihe Senator from Sou h Careli-
na, [\n Calhouv,] thiL pmtraj nig the itnpoitance
of this great subject, with t'.e ailention due lo that
Sena or as well as. to myself—de mus a^ I was 1,0
hear th' whole aigu-nent, ard, sir, I I ad the plea-
sure of concurring most fully with that Senator up
to ihep mt of hio aigument where he declared that
the pie empiion, graduation, and distribution plans
ail lell short of tho desned object of settling the
question upon the teims of compromise upon
"vntch I denre to 'ce   t  placed, and urged as  the
0 ily panacei,ot remely for the disease, h s amend-
ment ceding to the States in whicn ihey lie the
lands within their hm ts, up n ceitain terms and
conditions At this point I was compelled to leave
the c unpany of the Senatoi I could not concur
with him m ei her of his positions, and, sir, I con-
feis that I was surprised t > h°at the Senator d clare
that his amendment, or bill, was calculated to close
the whole land quistion. "Why, sir, does not the
Senator see that it falls greatly short of meeting the
denred object? Can he slut lit  eyes to the fact
that the garm nt he has made is entirely iod small
for the body he designs to put d on? His bill ap-
plies to the landi 1> mg in the n°vv Stales alone—one
hundred and sixty millions of acres, while the
whole quantity of the public land= is over ten hun-
dred millions of acres, as shown by the report
which I hive read
The great objeciS of the Senator, as he has de-
clared, ate to get nd of this agitating question in
Congress to withdraw Executive patronage, and,
finally, to settle the lat d question. How will the
bill of th" Senator effect the e desirable re ults?
As I have said, it touches less than oae-.ixth of the
pabl c domain, the land system, with all its para-
phernalia, must sull be k pt up, Congress will have
j i t a  mueh legi Ktion and ttu patronage will be
about the same as if no such bi'l had been passed
Eat, sir, I forbear t > pish the argument on ihe Se-
n-itor'o bill further at this mo nent. I shall have
occisión to examine it m its proper order in the
course of my remaik. Our land system has been
justly eulogized by Senatou on all sides of the
Chamber     When we compare it with the systems
01  oth"r countries, how hig1  doe  it stand m the
compinson, o, even eontiast it with the manner of
the disposition of the pubic lands, by granting
large track, upon credit, to mJiviiuals or compa-
ña s, as wao first a lopted by this Government, and
how pie eminent does our piesent system^stand'
Still it is becoming too great in magnitude, too ex-
tenstje ¡n its demands upon the legislation of Con-
