72
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
2&ík Cong.......2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
the bill expire by its own limitation in a few years,
I would make it a part of the permanent land
system.
Secondly. I support it as a Western measure.
Yes, sir, as a Western measure; and especially as a
measure called for by the best interests of my State.
He must have bt en blind to the administration oí
public affairs for the last few years, who has not
seen the tendency of the Government to draw the
money from the West, through the land offices and
impost duties, and expend it elsewhere. I heard
the Senator from Tennesse, [Mr. Akderson,] who
addressed the Senate the oiher day upon this point,
with great satisfaction. The noble stand he took,
and the independence with which he announced
his views, command my unqualified approbation.
During the last three >ears, the table and expendi-
tures will show that the expenses of the Adminis-
tration have been $89,885,730.
Thus, in 1838, .... $40,427,218
1839,     -                                31,815,000
1840.....26,643,512
Now, how much of this fund has been expended in
the West? how much in the Northwest? Let the
friends of the Northern harbors answer; let the
friends of the Cumberland road and the friends to
the improvement of navigation of Western rivers
answer. Not a dollar of this vast sum vas ap-
propriated to the protection of lake commerce;
not a dollar to the improvement of the navi-
gation of the Western rivers. The imposition
on the commerce of the Ohio by the obstruc-
tion of the navigation, and the consequent high
tariff of lolls at the falls, still remains. The Cum-
berland road, that great Western measure, the
construe ion of which was commenced under the
auspices of Mr. Jefferson, and continued through
the subsequent Administrations to the present, has
been suffered to sink into a'state, of dilapidation,
decay, and ruin. I tallied the other day with a con-
tractor for carrying the mail in my State on this
road, and he told me he would have to abandon his
contract at all hazards. He said it would ruin him
to try to go on, for the mail was so very heavy, that
he could carry no passengers; and so soon as the
frost was out in the spring, it would be impossible
for four of the best horses be could got to travel
more than two miles an hour upon it; and even
then lh?y would swamp or mire down at the worst
places, and have to be raised by rails or levers.
And yet, sir, out of your expenditure of near one
hundred millions of dollars in the last three years,
not one dollar ccu'd all the entreaties and argu-
ments wc could use obtain. I saw the tendency of
the doctrines that have left us in our present condi-
tion, forcibly exemplified at the last session. After
every proposition that had been introduced favora-
ble to the Western objects which I have named had
been Voted down, and it was declared by a distin-
guished Senator [Mr. Calhoun] that our appropri-
ations had been dried up, a proposition was intro-
duced to appropriate $00,000 to the commencement
of a new work at Pensacola, on the Gulf of Mex-
ico: the same Senators that voted against the Cum-
berland road voted for the Pensacola work, it be-
ing on the seaboard; and even at this session, when
my friend the Senator from mines [Mr. Young]
introducid a bill making a small appropriation to
the Cumberland road, and proposed to let it remain
on the orders without reference, the Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Clay] objected, and wished the com-
mittee to inquire into the propriety of borrowing
money for this road; and yet I am greatly mistaken
if the same Senator did not vote for the Pensacola
appropriation when the Government was borrow-
ing money, without ever putting that question to
himself. I introduce this, not so much for the pur-
pose of complaining, as to show the tendency of
modem doctrines, and the propriety on our part of
providing for contingencies. Not that I have any
disposition to give up the Cumberland road or the
lake harbors; far from it: I expect to urge them
upon the consideration of Congress so long as I am
honored with a seat in this bedv. I hope, bow-
ever, to see the Cumberland road provided for in
the final adjustment of the land question at the next
session of Congress. It was originally connected
wi'h it, and I shall contend for the continuance of
he connection.   By the distribution, at least a por-
tion of the money that is drawn from us will be re-
turned to our people annually. The vivifying in-
fluence of these annual returns will be felt in every
part of the Union, but more especially in the West,
which is, by the modern doctrines, in effect cut off
from a participation in the benefts of a National
Treasury, so far as direct appropriations are con-
cerned. I can speak for my own State. I know
that her share of the distribution will be most ac-
ceptable to her, circumstanced as she is. And as
it is her right, I feel it to be my duty, as her repre-
sentative, to urge the measure by my voice as well
as by my vote.
At the moment the Senator from Kentucky intro-
duced his amendment, the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Linn] intimated an intention of moving an
amendment to the proposition of distribution, to ap-
propriate the land funds to the Navy and the na-
tional defences exclusively. I suppose he meant
the defences of the Western frontier, as that subject
lies nearest his heart.
[Mr. Linn, from his seat, said, no, sir; the en-
tire national defences ]
The Senator from Sooth Carolina [Mr. Calhoun]
catching at the proposition, but understanding it to
be confined to the Navy alone, took the occasion
to thank the Senator from Missouri for his magna-
nimity, and spoke in strains < f eulogy and high
commendation of the project. This is but carrying
out the policy which I have stated has given the
Government appropriations a salt-water tendency;
but, sir, as a Western Senator, I cannot sustain
either of these propositions; and, let met me not be
misunderstood: there is no one here who would go
further to sustain the nation in all necessary appro-
priations for these objects; but let the funds neces-
sary for th« purpose not be taken exclusively from
the West; let not the door be closed forever to a
return to us of some part of the money that is ab-
stracted from us by the continual drain of the pub-
lic lands upon the pockets of our citizens. I con-
fess that the two proposition , coming from the
quarter they do, are somewhat alarming to tho>e
who hope to see a return to the West of a portion
of the proceeds of the public lands. The objects
named belong to the general charge; they are
strictly national, and let the nation cheri;h them:
for, should the time come when our patriotism and
devotion to our country shall call upon us in the
We t to act with our brethren in the defence of our
common country, by land or by sea, they have in
the past a sufficient guarantee for the future.
Thirdly. I sustain the proposition because a
compromise founded upon it will not unsettle the
land system, but preserve it in an improved form,
while all the different interests represented can har-
monize. On the other hand, the effect of the bill
of the Senator from South Carolina will be to un-
settle the land system, create the relation of debtor
and creditor between the General Government and
the States, and produce conflicts arising out of our
Indian relations.
The distribution bill will also go far to equalize
the States who have received public lands for vari-
ous purposes. The Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Norvell] has repeatedly intoduced this subject,
claiming, upon equitable principles, that the other
new States should be brought up to the standard of
Ohio, that has received more of the public land
tban any other new State. This bill will accom-
plish that object, if it does not exceed it. The 12 i
per cent, on the unsold lands in Michigan, being over
21,000,000 acres, would bring that State more than
even with Ohio. Michigan has received 969,759
aews, Ohio h s received 1,842.911 acres—diffe-
rence 873,152 acres; 12a per cent, or l-8<h of the
unsold lands in Michigan would be over 2,500,000
while the 124 p=r cent, on the 2,000,000 acres un-
sold in Ohio would be only 250,000 acres. St that
the effect of the bill will be entirely favorable to
those of the new States that have not received as
much of the publio lands as Ohio.
These are, briefly, my reasons for supporting the
distribution bill. Let us lork at the grounds on
which Senators place their objections to its passage.
So far as I have been able to understand them, they
are these.
First. The measure is unconstitutional.
Secondly. It will retard the sittlement of (he
States by holding up the lands for prices at which
they will not readily sell.
Thirdly. It will stimulate the States to drain the
Treasury of all ths revenue of the nation, and leave
the General Government helpless.
Fourthly. It will corrupt the States, and produce
prodigality among their citizens.
Fifthly. It will make it necessary, by abstracting
the proceed? of the public lands from the general
revenue, to lay additional imposts to meet thedeficit.
These, I believe, comprise the principal objec-
tions; I have stated them fairly, and I intend, in the
progress of the debate, to meet and discuss them
in the same spirit in which I haye laid them down.
The first question is one of grave import, for if
that should be against me, the argument closes, and
the bill falls, so far as depends upon my vote. I
am apprised of the position that is maintained vby
those who deny the constitutionality of the proposed
measure; they contend that it is unconstitutional
to raise money for the purpose of distributing it
among the States, and therefore, inasmuch as the
abstraction of the land fund from the revenue of
the General Government creates a deficit that must
be made up by an increase of imposts, it raises the
constitutional objection. The view that I entertain
of the constitutional question renders it unnecessa-
ry for me to examine the position assumed, which
I admit to be a question of grave import, but
which, upon a full discussion in Congress, was de-
cided in favor o' the power upon the question of
distributing the surplus revenue; and that decision
was approved of by the late President. I feel no
disposition to open ths argument of the question
until the case shall arise making it necessary for
me to do so.
I contend that the proposed disposition of the
proceeds of the public lands, by distributing them
among the States according to population, evi-
denced by their representation in Congress, is the
most constitutional disposition that can be made of
them, and that a faithful discharge of the constitu-
tional duties of Congress demands the measure
proposed. The land question arose prior to the
adoption of the Federal Constitution; it was a Re-
volutionary measure in its origin; it bears date at-a
period anterior to that at which the General Go-
vernment had the power of levying imposts on fo-
reign merchandise; and hence it never was connect-
ed with that m^de of raising revenue. The diffe-
rent States, during the Revolutionary war, had con-
tracted debts which the Confederation desired to see
liquidated. Many of ihe S.a'es owned large tracts
of wild land, Virginia being the largest proprietor,
her claim covering the most of the Northwest Ter-
ritory, now Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and
Wiskonsan. Cessions of these lands were made
by the proprietary States to the Confederation.
That of Virginia, which may be selected to test the
question, after ceding her lands, provided the use to
which they should be applied, as follows:
"Theselandsshall be considered a common fund for the use
and benefit of such of the United States as have become, or
shall become, members of the Confederation or federal alliance
of the said States, Virginia inclusive, according to their usual
respective proportions in the general charge and expenditure,
and shall be faithfully mid bona fide disposed of for that pur-
pose, and for other use or purpose whatever."
The Confederation being a mere league of States
acting f<>r the benefit of States, accepted the oession
upon the terms, and took upon itself the execution
of the trust confided to it. In 1776, after the trust
had been accepted by ihe Confederation upon the
terms of the deeds of cession, and while its execu-
tion was obligatory upon it, the Federal Constitu-
tion was adop:ed, in which provision was made for
this very property, the eye of the Convention evi-
dently being diiected to it. The 3d section of the
4th article provides that
"New States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union; but no new State shall be formed or erected within the
jurisdiction of any other State, nor any State be formed by the
junction or two or more States, or parls of States, without the
consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of
the Congress. The Congress shall have the power to dipose of
and make all needful ruies and regulations respecting the ter>
ritory or other proserty belonging to the United States} and no-
thing in this Constitution shall be so construed as • to ■ prejudice
any claims of the United States, or of any particular State,"
Here are ample powers conferred and expressly
