3 an. 1841.                                    APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
26th Cong....2nd Sess.
delegated to Congress over the entire subject of the
public domain, the object of which was clearly to
enable the General Government to act directly
upon the subject-ma'ter of the public lands, uncon-
trolled except by the terms of the Constitution,
and the previous contracts and engagements of the
Confederation. These contracts and engagements
were expressly recognised by the first clause of the
sixth article of the Constitution, which declares
that "all debts, contracts, and engagements entered
lato before the adoption of tws Constitution shall
be as valid aga nst the United States under this
Cjnstituuon, as undei the Confederation." Thus
you see the comracis and engagements of the Con-
federation of States under the Ameles were
expressly recognised and provided for by
the Federal Constitution. The question then
arises—Did the cession of the public lands by the
States, and the acceptance of them by the Con-
federation under the de'ds of cession, upon the
terms specified, and for ihj purposes declared,
amount in the eye of the law to a "contract," or
"engagement," on the part of the Confederation,
which was obligatory upon u? Can there be any
doubt upon this poini? It not, then the article of
the Constitution which I have just read provides
for the very case, and the obligations of the Gene
ral Government now ¿re precisely those of the
Confederauon before the change of Government
and the adoption of the Federal Cons itution The
question then recurs, What were the obligations of
tbe Confederation? This question must be decided
by the deeds of cession, and can be as well an-
swered in the very language used by the pwties, to
dispose of these lands "for the use and benefit tf
such of the United States as have become or shall
become member  ot the Coniederation or Federi 1
alliance of the Slates, Virginia inclusive, accord-
ing to their usual respective proportions in the
general charge and expenditure, and shall befaith-
Jully and bona fide disposed of for that purpose,
and for nó other purpo?e whatsoever." I kave the
constitutional argument here, having, m my own
mind at least, sustained the constitutionality of the
disposit.on proposed of the proceeds oí the public
lands by which it would seem to folio* that any
other disposition, except to make trie uust fund
more valuable, s nee the discharge of the Revolu-
tionary debt, for which purpose they were ceded,
has been m violation of the declared object of the
trus1, and consequently an infraction ot that sec-
tion of the Constitution which I have iea1, secur-
ing the inviolability of the "contracts" and "en-
gagements" of tbe Confederation.
The questions may arise, how do you maintain,
under this state of the argument, the grants of lands
to the new States, and the distribution of the land
fund not covered by the deeds of cession? My an-
swer to the first is, that the clause of the Constitu-
tion which X have read expressly gives the power of
disposiuon over tbe property, and as a trustee Con-
gress ha* the power to grant or appropriate one
part of ihe fund to enhance the value ot the res -
due Such ha^ been the character of all the grants
made. To the second question I would say that,
as the other lands have been paid tor by the people
of all the S'ates, the same people have an undoubt-
ed right to a return of theT proceeds upon a fair
distribution, should they desire it.
Secondly. Will the bill retard the ssttlement of
the States in which the lands lie, by holding up the
price beyond that at which they will readily sell'
So it la contended; but it may be answered, that the
incorporation^ of the other principles m ihs com-
promise upon it weu'd entirely remove all doubt on
the subject. Standing alone, however, it seems to
tne that the new States have a sufficient guarantee
in the fact that the fund is to be distributed, and
the disposition of the old Slates to get posse>sion of
their share of the fund will certainly prompt them
to accelerate rather than retard the sales. Tne ten-
dency tf the measure, I think, therefore, is the
other way, and the new Statss have no cause for
alarm on that ground.
Thirdly. It is contended that it will stimulate the
States to dram the Treasury of all the revenue of
the Ration, and destroy the Geaeral Government.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Smith.
This position presents for our consideration matters
of grave and solemn import, and I will endeavor
to speak of it as its importance demands.   Tne po-
litical relations of the General Government «with
the State Governments, as well as the relation of
Congress to each, are involved m the  argument.
The assumption is that the States would destroy the
General Government, and that we, ihe Congress of
the United States, are called upon to protect the Fe-
deral Government against this disposiuon of the
States.   Let us begin at the source of pi wer, and
see what the pjsition is.    It it, either that the people
of the States are hostile to the people of the Fede-
ral  G jvernment, being the identical same people,
or that the people of the States ate hostile to the
Federal Government,   and   would  destroy  it   to
build   up   the   Siate Governments.     Neither of
these positions,  I humbly conceive, can be main-
tained     If it  were so, would not thit hostility
long since have been earned into effect'   Is  it
a controversial point that the Federal Government
only exists at the will of the people of the Stated
Can thfy not abolish it without even the necessity
ef resorting to revolution?   Should they think pro
per to do so, let them refuse or omit to appoint Se-
nators, or to provide for the election of members ol
Congress, or to elect them, for Congress has no
constitutional power even to appoint the time of
electing cither, or u> act upon the subject, nor has
the Executive any greater powers over  it, or let
them omit to pro/ide for the election of a Presi-
dent by appointing elector , which they could do if
they pleased.   I say, let the S'ates  take  either of
these courses, and what becomes of the Federal
Government   Tneparchmert, called the Constitu-
tion, would still remain, but for all practical pur-
poses it would beasab ank piece oí paper     The
Government woald stand dissolved, without vio-
lence, without t'oodshed, by the mere opera'i n of
n m-uscr, until (he same p«ople shall think proper
to set the mad inery m motif n.   So you see, sir,
the peop'e of the Sidles are to the eotipl cated ma-
chinery of our system "f government what the
heart i" to the human system—its vital,ty and jts
power.   Let us, sir, pursue the argument, and see
what out position is as memberc  of tbe S< nate.
Are we not the creatures of  the different Slates,
created by thpir power, and the lepresentativts of
their will, within the piovisions of the Fed ral Con-
stitution''    Does it become us to chaige those who
deleaated us to take s^ats on this floor, who clothed
us with all the pov ers we pos ess as Senators to
turn upon our creators and charge them w.th a d s-
positioa   to   destroy   the    Federal    Government,
and claim for ourselves   the    high   prerogative
of acting as the exclusive pro ectors  of the Fe-
deral Government against the assaults of ihe S ates"!
Can we maintain Ihe position that we h"ld powe s
legitimately at war with the rights an l mteie¡>ts ot
our common constituents, the Stated     Let Sena-
tors who choose to   assume these high  grounds
mam*aia  them     Our duties  are   of  a   two fold
character—while *• e sustain the Federal Govern-
ment and support the Federal Constituían, we do
so as the representatives of the States     Sir, to test
this question, how would Senator-, get along wi h
mstrucuons from the Lc gisla ives of their S ates on
thu> subject of distribution'   Let me suppose that
the honorab'e Senators froti Missouri  were in-
structed,   would th «y turn upon   the Legislature
and charge her wnh a dispo'it'on  to destroy the
Federal Government, or would  they obe*?   Sap-
dose th  Legislature of Alabama should instruct
h r Senators, wou'd they obey?   [Mr   Clay of
Alabama said, No, sir.]   Then the Senator wou'd
resign, I suppose    [Mr Clay.   Yes, Sir, I wouU ]
Well, sir,   then we would get another Senator m
your place, who would carry out the will of the
State, and the  operation would merely exchange
one Senator for anolher—the principle woull be
carried out, and the State would triumph    I have
introduced these remarks for the puipose of show-
ing that, if the States were so disposed, they have
it in their power to arrest the further progiess of
the operation of the General Government without
resorting to the supposed course to effect that object.
Tbe arguments have been predicated on the suppo-
sition that the people of the States are hostile to
the General Government; when, in fact, nothing
Senate.
is less true the people of the States are devotedly
and practically attached to the Federal Govern-
ment, instead of wishing to destroy or embarra??
it, they would come to this rescue in the hour of
pen!, and lay down their lives in its defence.
Fourthly. It is argued that it will corrupt the
States, and lead to prodigality. This is assuming
the position that the people of the States are not
comment to manage their own concerns, and tjfat
we shou'd act a  their guardians—a doctrine that
has of late years found its way into Congress, and
has found supporters among those who profess a
reverence next to that for Holy Writ, far Democra-
t.c doctrines! This is strange Democracy. Afraid
to trust the people with their own money! And
pray, sir, what would you do with it? Leave it m
the hands of the Federal officers for safe keeping?
Ay,that u> the safe deposite. They cannot be corrupt-
ed, as a matter of course. Is that the doctrine
Senators, contend for? This is guarding Ihe rights
of the people of ihe States with a vengeance1 We
have their money, and ihey demand it; we, their
representatives, an*wer, You cannot have it; yoa
are not capable of taking care of it; you will be.
come prodigal, let us keep it, we can be trusted'
your money will be safely kept or laid out, as we
think proper; recollect it is all for your good that
we put ourselves to the trouble of taking care that
ycu be not tempted. Would a course like thjs
comport with our duty to tbe States? Let Senators
who approve of it adopt the course; it does not
suit me On the icore of prodigality, I know of
no State that could crmpare notes with the general
Government for the last four years.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. BenionI refers
to the depo-dtc of the surplus revenue with the
States, and afribu'es the great rage for speculation
and internal improvements to that deposite Sup-
pose I admit his premises, can he show me that a
s mi'ar effect would not have been produced by the
expenditure of the same sum of money by the
General Government' It was the money that had
it  effect, and not the hand that scattered it. But,
s r, I cannot let the fremaiks of the Senator pass
withojt furiher notice I do not concur with him
in ihe cause to which he refers. The removal of
the r ublic deposites from the Bank of the United
Sta'es, thebargam that was made between the Go-
vernment and the local or State banks, that the
banks should pay a pel cent, on the public depo-
sits, authorizing the banks to usue upon them,
the circular ot the Secretary of the Treasury di-
recting them to do so, and the consequent inflation
of the curreny, proauced the effect to which the
Senator from Missouri alluded, and not the depo-
site of tie surplus with the States.
Fifthly It is obj cted tha1, by abstracting the
¡and fund for distntmuon, it will become necessary
to provide for ihe deficit by laying imposts. I pre-
sume this posmen is well founded, provided the
present imposts t-hall not be sufficient for an eco-
nomical administration oí public affairs. That it
would fall greatly shoit of the la'e expenditures I
leadily cdmi, but that u no criterion to judge by,
for I trust the expenditures hereafter will be
brougHt \tihm economical limits. 1 hope in no
emergency hereafter, we shall be required to resort
to the present pjlicy oi Trepsury notes. Let us
suppose, then, for the sake of argument, tha| we
shall have fo lay impost duties to make up the defi-
cit oí tne land fund. Tftose duties can be laid up-
on luxuries, such as vines, brandies, and silks, ar-
ticles consumed by the nth, and then only by such
persons a> choose to pay for them The great la-
boring class of society wou'd pay very lutle of the
duty, while they v ould receive their proportion of
the distubunon. As a general policy, I see no ob
jeotion to it, and as connected wi'h the obligation
of distribution, it would be the true policy in the
contingency of which I have spoken. My remarks,
Mr. Pre ideal, will be clo ed, so far as the land
question is concerned, with th.s declaration- I do
not anticipate the possibility of a'rangmg this great
subject at the present session, but I hope to see the
whole matter finally settled at tbe next session, up-
on terms of compromise and mutual concession, to
the benefit of the people, the safety of the General
Goveiament, and the best interest of the Staws.
