76__________________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             Jan. 1841.
26th Cong-••• 1st Sess.                                 Pte-emption Law—Mr. White.                                                           Senate.
wg their rich po>se^s ons. to the Union. The new
States congratulate themselves upon this result
They congratulate the Union. Had the States re-
tained this territory we should not now perhap,
have been in the hands of a paternal Government,
boasting its reedeemed "guarantee for our admission
into the Union. Wiskonsan, Iowa, Fionda, would
not have held that guarantee yet to be faithfully
and speedily performed. The territory Northwest
of the Ohio river would have been a mere appen-
dage to the Old Dominion. Louisiana in all pro-
bability would not have been acquired, nor the n<t
vigation of the Mississippi secured. We should
not how have boasted New Orleans, the peerless ex-
porting city of ihis continent, nor would our great
staple growing region of the South have had the
valleys of the Upper Mississippi, the Ohio, the Il-
linois, and Wabash, to pour, free of duty,iheir abun-
dant and ceaseless supplies into her bosom, thus
giving to her annual eighty millions of exports
one third of the element of their value
As a representative of Western mterct , I do
not complain of partial or unequal laws; but it can-
not be forgotten that commerce has its costly de.
fences, and manufactures a protection springing
from yoar laws. Of necessity, almost, the pecu
niary patronage of the Government is limited to ihe
seaboard. In proportion to its number?, the West
is the largest tax-paying seciion ot eur country, for
the simple reason that not an article of import is
produced there. These drams upon our industry
we submit to with an uncomnlaining temp r. But
we cannot forget the equity which such considera-
tions raise when jou are called to pass laws upon
subjects peculiarly affecting our interest Oar
staples sre the agwuliural products which seem to
be placed bejond the pale ot constitutional protec
tion. Compared vuh the magunude of the agri-
cultural interest, all ihe othsr prouuets of labor in
this country sink into utter insignificance Com-
merce has its me hundred million of exporis, and
an equal amount of impo. is, and our manufactures
doubtless transcend ihe e sum  in amount, but agri
culture, toweling abive all, a-scenda to t«o thou-
sand millions pir annum No nalion can be per-
fectly independent which doc not raise its own
bread-stuffs, and ihe highest condition <f oca!
happiness ard prosperity 1  attained where other in-
terests, to be iure, are flourishing, but when toe
agricultural interest maintains the ascendant In
every vicissitude of tiade,andin every revulsion
of government, while famine and distie?  loo otien
mark their desolating career in o her countries,
in pea'e and in war, our teeming soil conti-
nues to yield its fruits to the labor of ihe hcts-
bandman, and our barns and granaries ti
furnish peipelual resources f<r the life oí man
No event m history is assoctaied with -uch a nrss
of human happme s, piesent and piospemve, ns
the settlement of our Westeuic untiy, by multiply-
ing and cheapening the food upon whith man sub
si ts. But I will not press thi  topi; further. The
people of the West, exulting in their growing
strength, expect from Congress just and considerate
law>, not •=© much from their power to enforce
them, as from the enlightened appreciation in
which their claims must be held by the entire Union
It is matter i í regret that the dignity of these
claims shiuld te disparaseJ, or «uspjtion ¡e
thrown upon tbem by the irnnner in wh ch the pre
sent tul was írtroduccd into the Stnate When
preemption laws become the m> re foot ba'l oí
party, or are converted into an engine for poh ic?l
warfare, it 1? no voider thai they fail to command
that geneial assent to whicn they am entitled Tne
honorable member who brought in this bill remaik
ed, upon i s introduction, thai the Federal party (as
he was p'eased lo term the Whig part}) had, in
the recent Presidential canvas*, shown «o devoted a
love for log-cabns and th^ir inrmte-, he was fear-
ful they would anticipate the friends of the Admi-
nistration in presenting the measuieof a perma-
nent pre-emption, and he therefore hastened to sub-
mit the proposed measure. Sir, the significant title
prefixed lo this bill, if it shall not be interpreted as
ironical upon its worthy beneficiaries, has at least
that aspect in reference to one of the great parties
engaged in the recent Residential struggle Cer-
tainly, sir, either the bill or its title, or s=ome other
associations, have produced, m this debate, not a
little raillery against the emblems adopted for good
cause by the Whigs in the la'e con'est. The
freight with which this p^e emption vessel is laden,
is acceptable to my constituents, but they like not
the flag under which she sails In a word, sir, it
cannot be concealed that this measure is intended
to overreach the action of the coming Administra-
tion, and either to force that Adm nistration
into an antagonist posit on, or obnubilate its
glories by this forced and sudden interposition of a
policy for which the country was as ripe eight
years ago as now It matteis net to me, however,
whether this consummation be achieved under the
star of Geneial Harrison, whether it be the con-
comitant of that series of conservative and patrio-
tic measures which are to íestore the character A
the age and to elevate our institution", or whether,
now urged on by influence  no longer lo be resisted,
ihe measure has been precipitated upon us by the
s'ern virtue which 1-. felt and appreciated, and, I
may add, feared in the character of General Har-
rson, and by that pewerful \oice of the people
which has pronounced his election
Connec'ed with the subject of a final settlement
of the land question, as proposed by the bill, two
antagonist measures have been presented to the
Senate. That contained m the amendment of the
hon rabie Senator from Kentucky, [Mr Criiten-
den] propces to giant to the actual settler, who e
estate slnll not exceed the value of $ 1000, the right
of pie emption to any rjuanti'y of land not exceed
ine 320 ac es, and to distribute th proceeds of ihe
sales of the pubhc lando amtng the «everal States
of the Union in just and equitable proportions
The other, proposed by the honorable member
from Soaih Carolina, [Mr Calhoun] contempla'es
a cession of the public lands to ¡he several Slates
within whose limits they he, upon conditions, the
principal ot which are, that the States shall annu-
ally pay to the General Government sixty five per
cent (1 the gross proceed^, and that the cession
'shallb in full of tit five per cent fund or any
pait theieoi not alieady accrued to any S ate, ard
the -said Sia es shall be exclusively liable for all
charges that may heuaftei arise fiom the surveys,
sales, and management of the public lands and ex-
ttnguishm nt of Indian title wi htu the limits of said
States respectively " I' also provides that the
S ates may pass pre emptnn and gralu^t v.ri laws
I shall first consider the amendment of the Senator
from South Carolina.
I object to thib scheme as unsettling the who'e
land system, approved by the experience of forty
y< ars, as oetln -5 mg that uniformity u n ch Ins con-
tubuted so much not only to the security of titles,
but to the v\iue of impi overrents made upon the
newly purchase lands It tiansfers the mum
rr-er-tsol title from thJ archive^ <f this Govern
went to the custody rl the Exe"u ivps of the «eve-
lal S'ates the firms ot conveyance of course to
be devised by the auihoriues of those States It
reat-5 new responsibilities unknown to theCm-
stuut'on, pnd dangerous to our revenues Who
can bencve that the States will meet pecuniary en-
gagements et th s kind with promptitude? Yout
laws canni t enferce their collection, and your only
reliance is upon the fat h of the States In origi-
nal erigagemerts if the several States with the
woild, then plighted fd th w li be a sufficient
guarantee for the redemption of any pecuniary ob-
Igation But here the ease is veiy different This
proposition créales íelations between the States
and the Federal Government, not very dissimilar
to those which extsed under the old articles of
Confederation A p'mcpal inducement for abo-
lishing th  eld Confederacy, was because requisi-
tions for money, (even for so serious a considera-
tion as the piymenl of the Revolutionary debt,)
made by Congress upon the States, were not re-
garded Thi* failure of a single debtor State to
meet engagement's imposed by this measure, would
produce dissatisfaction, and justify a like remissness
on the part of others. In every aspect of the case,
the relation of debtor and creditor between the
States and this Government is to be deprecated,
but when that relation is relied upon to supply a
considerable portion of our current revenue, it can
result only in disaster and disappointment, until the
sense ot obligation shall ultimately be broken. But
one experiment of the kind has been made since
the era of our Constitution, and that was in the act
of 1836, deposita g forty millions of our surplus
revenues with the States ^ From the moment that
this act was passed, and "in contravention of its-
very terms, the s«nse of the nation has pronounced
it a distribution, and not a deposite act. That
fund (or rather so much oí it as was deposited)
his ceased to belong to the resources of the Fede-
ral Government, and he who would treat it as such,
subjects himself to the just animadversion of every
practical man.
But if, for any purpose, and particularly for re-
venue purposes, it is unwise and hazirdous to in-
volve the States in a condition of indebtedness to
the Union, how is the argument strengthened, and
the danger increased, when the consideration of
that indebtedness is the price of their own oomam '
Some of the Slates have already asserted that the
proprietary interest of this Government in these
lands, and the authority necessarily assumed ia
consequence thereof, is in derogation of the rights
and sovere'gnty of the State-. Such doctrines have
been held, I believe, at least in Alabama and Mis-
souri. They have been advocated by prominent
members, both upon fins floor and in the oiher
branch of Congress I can regard this amendment
in no other hgh1 than as an entering wedge for the
surrender of all the public domain to the States
where it he< W hat, st, are the pnaciplej of the
contemplated cession' Not, surely, the employ-
ment of tne States as agenis merely of this Go-
vernment for the sale of the lands, but a transfer to
them m their own right, by virtue of a contract of
purchase It «as so treated by the Committee on
Public Lands at the last session, who were friendly
to the measure Tne amendment ex t>t lewiu re-
cognises a crtam right on the psirt of the States to
control these lands, at least so strong an equity as
to render it improper in this Government further to
direct their management. How long will it be, af-
ter a cession mads under such motives and im-
pulses, unlil the Stales habituated to regard these
lands in the f'rat instance as their own, shall forget
tie secondary obligation of yielding sixty five per
cenr of their proceed  to the general Treasury? By
this act you weaken, nay, almost destioy, the sanc-
tion of t e old deeds of cesai, n from the original
Sut"s, which now cannot be violated without con-
vul ten, ard tempt the States to forget a contract
wh ch, after the lapse of a little time, shall seem to
carry with it no moral oVigation. I sum up all,
when I say that the success of this measure is the
loss of the landi.
I lorbear to treat of (hs objection which other
Senators have handled, of the great inequality of
this pKn rinong the several States to which the
cess on is to be made, further than to quote a pas-
sage upon that s ibj ct fiom the repott of a com-
mittee in tne Indiana Legislature, made in Febru-
ary last.   Th*y 'a>
8e<si leslhe objections thptwill be made to this measure by
the old States us gross inequality cannot nuke it generally ac
citable 10 the new ¡slate     The patron allotted to Indiana
would be double that of Ohio    Illinois would in like manner
quadruple Indiana    Missouu, Arkansas and Michigan like
wise    The re-mlt would be, that those States are to Ea\e the
leaf> benetit wli   havebomethe licit and  bmden of the day
rti? cettiuiipr t of Michigan Illinois   Missouri   Arkansas, Mia
issippi, and Louisiana  has been compaiatively ea&y to that of
Ohio and Indiana    1 hey have endured no devastating wars,
their home have not born pillaged and destioyed, and then cm
7uio massacred as ouis have been, noi have they paid into the
national cotters any thing 1 ke the sumsof money that Ohio and
Indiana llave done   therelue this rneasme of ^fl   Calhoun s,
-vO unequal in alt inhering*', cainot be acceptable, especially to
In liana '
To this I will only aid, that it is impossible so
unequal a, system can endure, and in its destruc-
tion it is ln-^vitab'e tha' tne States will stand by the
deeds you have given them, sir pped of all condi-
tion. In such a dilemma, of but little avail will
be the defeasance m your deed, or your reversion-
ary interest
The committee of this body on the public lands
of the last session, did not attempt a vindication of
this measure upon any ground of economy or right,
but base their recommendation upon the equity dne
to the new States, and upon the impracticability of
the subject as a topie of Federal legislation, and, as
if doubting the validity of their own argument,
they attempt to lessen the importance of the matter
