Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
V
26th Cong....2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. While.
Senate.
by disparaging the fund deemed to be available out
of the public domain, I shaft not attempt to fol-
low the committee through the intricate process oí
reasoning, by which they endeavor to show thit
the present value of all the un-old lands in the nine
States upon which this amendment would operate,
(bemg one hundred and sixty millions of acies,)
amounts only to the sum cf twentj six millions,
four hundred thousand dolíais, or abcut seventesn
cents per acie, although it would te dimcolt to
assent to such an estimate. Tne cremittee, to de-
termine ihe extent of the subject, should have locked
at that boundless territory which lies west of
the States immediately named in the amendment,
and which will claim i's benefits the moment tbey
are admitted into the Confederacy. It is idle
to suppose lhat their c'arm can be resisted,
nor do I imagine lhat the advocates of this plan
contemplate aDy other result. The consequence is
that Iowa or any of the Tern'ones coming into the
Union with 60 000 inhabitants will claim an imme-
diate cession of the r lands. The average area of
the Western States is 30,000,000 acres, this, di-
vided among 60,000 inhabitants, would be 500 acrts
to each per %on, and to each family of six persons
three thousand acres. Tnirty-five per cent, of th s
(their [proper inteiest) would give to each such
family ten hundred and fifiy acres. What an ap-
peal to the cupidity of cur Territorial inhabitants'
What clamorous demands vt ill it beget on the port
of the Territories for premature admi«non into the
Union! What conflicts \u'h your aulhon 5' How
will the gift turn to poison m their cup and corrupt
the legislation of the infant Stales' It there can be
an appliance to tempt the population from the old
States into the Tern'ories ¡he wit of man could
not devise a more effectual one than this
But, sir, it will give rise to otber and unusual
difficulties. The Federal Government will bs
backward to extinguish the Irdian title wiihin the
Territories, when the berefit is to enure to the
people of those Territories, so soon as they are or-
ganized into S'ates The umfoim policy ot the
Government hss been to extinguish «hose titles es
fast as practicable, but row that the neighLorirg
settlement have rendered Indian lands m.re vari-
able, theie will be a constant struggle b^t^ee^n the
Territories and the Metropolita ! Government,
which shall avoid the iostly sacrifice It has been
the boast of our institutions, lhat amidst the jarring
interests of States, the Government has always pre-
served the most paternal relation towards its pro-
vincial appendages, the Territories. Let Ite plan
of cession succeed, and this relation will be broken
up, and in its place wi 1 be substituted the most
cold and bitter rivalry. One of the Sates named
in the amendment (Michigan) has, remaining with-
in her limits, about eight millions of acres of In-
dian lands The>e lands lie adjacent to Lake Su-
perior, and are o' little \alue. You had not many
thanks from Michigan when j on gave her thc^e
lands in lieu of those valuable possesions on the
Maumee bay, and her gratitude will scanty be
increased when you require her to pay out ot her
own coffers for the extinction of the Indian title.
I cannot omit, before concluding my rem-rks
upon this topic, to inquire what would te the con-
dition of Indiana if this cession were accepted
Evidently ene of positive loss. There are remain-
ing within the limits of Indiana, including that
part of the Miami Reserve, not yet purchased, un
sold lands amounting to 5 706,508 acres From
this deduct the sixteen h sections íeserved for
school purposes and the canal lands (in all about
151,000 acres,) and there regain 5 055 508 hcks.
A large part oí this is refuse land, vbich has been
in market from twenty to thirty } ears. The whole
cannot b& es imated at more (han seventy five
cents per ace, making a snii of 3,791,631 dollar--.
Thirty-five per cent on this amount is 1,329,070
dollars, wh.ch is the gro s sum to be retained by
the State. Against this sum we have to set off .be
following an oun s.
Gross amount due the Miamics and Pottawata-
mies by ext-ting treaties,     -           -    $¡¿55,544
Perpetual annuities under those treaties
$38,070, equal at 5 per cent, to a
capital sum of       -           •           -      761,400
Three per cent, fund on nett amount of
|3 602,050, is                                        108,061
Estimate for extinguishing the residue
of the Miami tit'e    -                              550,000
Estimate, (by Commissioner of Indian
Affairs,) for expenses of emigration
of the Miamies      -           -           -        55,000
Estimate for their subsistence oie yeat,        36,666
Five per cent, estimated expenses of
survey and sale, is -           -           .      189,581
Estimate by topographical bureau for
completing the Cumberland road in
Indiana,       ....  3,144 250
Tota1,
$5 100,502
So that the S ate of Indiana without including
¡be Cumberland road, r.ould be loser by the pio-
posed cession six hundred and twentj-nne tbcu-
sand one hundred and eishty-two dollars, and, with
the loss of the Cumbetland road, tbiee millions
«even hundred and evcnty-thiee thousand fcur
hundred and th rty-lwo dollars. The Committee
on the Public Lands, in recommendmsc this mea
sore, expressly spy that "thsir report h&-, been
diawn up on ihe suppoM'ion ihat expenditures in
the ne>v States by this Go\ eminent for mtert-a1
improvements would ceare should the bill pass," in
wh cb they also include ihe annual appropuations
for improving the navigation of the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi rivers. They credit (by ihe of erstion of
the bill) the Federal Government, and consequent-
ly charge the nine Slates embraced m the bill,
among other things with the w.'hdrawal from, those
State  of the toliowing appropuations-
Grants and donations of land (except the six-
teenth sect ons) -           -           - §7,017,540
Improvements on t^e IV'is issippi and
Ohio r.vcrs, and Cumberland road -     6 939,274
Five per rent, fund to be surrendered
bytheSta'es           -           -           -   10 314 263
$2i 171,076
This loss it is Irup, fh-y dis'nbuie through a pe-
riod of eighty )ears, (the length of time computed
to be necessary to dispo e of the Lnds ) but the
StaUs interested in those improvements would
hardly be wilting to forego, at so critical a period
of their alia is, almost the en y bold which they
have upon the pecuma-y ra rot age of the Govern
ment. In every aspect in which it can be \i-wcd,
this plan of conditional cessio 1 js full of obj etiocs
not to be oveiccme.
The amendment of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] prop sing adi tnbut on of tin.
proceeds of ihe pubic hnds anung the sever 1
States of the Union, is a renew al of a mesure of-
fered nine yeais ago by a"c thei d'stmguis' ed Sena-
tor from the same S'ate, [Mr. Clay,] wh'ch t v ce
pas ed this body a'*d wos c nturied in by the po-
pular branch, by large majorities, but did not re-
ceive the Executive approval I' las then a mea
sure of benefit and oí fruitful hope—it is n:>v re-
medial. When we co-i'emplate the p'es-ent pecu-
niary cindmon of the S a'es, ?nd contnst it  nh
whit ltprobably would h*ve been, had the diatriba
Hon bill become a law, aid when we review the
substituted sene° of mpas ires uh'chfor i'->e last
rine jears have ma'ke I t!>e p-ocress of ihe Gtve'n-
ment, and their mfioe-ce upon the policy of the
States, it ¡s ¡mpjs'-ib'p to suppress our regret at a
loss wiich Ri'inv ye? s 0f wi e legislation wi'l now
'cafelv "¡pflice to tccore Viaen the rjistnbi ttoa
bul of 1'32 itas nepativet' by the Pie tcer><,
tbe Sta es weie in olved in tin mo t tn/ al
ancui.t of debt. At th* pi -.ent time, tie
Pr"ident cst'UiPtis the annual tn'e e-t upon diatr
deb s to be twelve millirm 0 doil&r., wh ch, at s x
peí cent m.ikes a pnr.cp"! debt of two nun bed
mi'lion*. It "■' a y to trace tHio ruinous cordiuen
of the Slates o ns primary cause-., m st p'omnrnt
among \\hich stands ihe defeat ot the distr butK>n
bill At ihat time, your Treasury, from an abun-
dant commerce, (the fruit cf an antecedent wi-e
administration ot the Governrnetit) was redun-
dant, and your revenues outran the necessities of
the Government Instead of withdrawing thiss ex>
ccs from our exchequer (which would have,been
effected by giving the proceed.- of the lands to the
States) the whole of our revenues were removed"
!rom their accustomed depositary, the Bank of ths
United States, and placed m the local banks. In-
structed by the Secretary of the Treasury, these
banks immediately increased their discounts to an
unparalleled extent, and flooded the countiy with
currency. Sudd nly a wild and infuriate spirit of
speculation ovetran the land. Individuals and
States were hurried by an irresistible impulse into
the most extravagant enterprises, the sequel of
which, in the part of the States, is found la the
tale of two hundred millions of debt.
Meanwhile our custom houses continued to pour
their fljod of revenue into the national coffers, un-
til in 1836 a surpluv, 0f ¡¡¡o^ ^jm forty millions
bad accumulated. As a measure of the h ghest
necessity, this surplus w¿s, by an act of that date,
cbrec ed to be deposited with the States, the true
effect of which wai a distribution to the States of
the amount paid und r the aet, about twenty-nine
milhcns. Unfortunately, for want of a supposed
competency in Congress to do so, no spsciric appli-
<a'ion of this fund was diret'ed. Some of the
Suits invested their portion of the fund for various
purposes; 0 hers divided the principal sum per capita
ammg their people; but ihe general effect of the
uncontrolled possession < f the money was to induce
new undertakings by the States, and an increased
accumulation oí liability. Their resources being
thus sqnand'ied and exhausted, it was impossible
that euh r the States or the banks could long sus-
tarn ihemse'ves in such a career, and the revulsion
has come wnb wnich we are all too familiar to re-
quite a recital of it
Having looked at this uninviting pie'ure, let us
for a mo , eut imagine what would have been cur
condition 11 the distribution bill of '?2 had passed
Having withdrawn from c ur current revenues so
ranch as proceeded from the lands, the ¿eposi e
banks would have he'd no excess. The daily
diattsof the Treasury would have emplojed all
our iunds and the banks could not have enlarged
thf-ir discounts beyond the ordinary wants of con?-
me-ce. That ra>h spirit of individual adventure,
w'iich, combined n masres, controlled and directed
the legrlr uve councils ot the country to the same
ends, would not have been arous-d. The moneys
received by tie States from the land  wete dtrec'ed
0.yjtóte bill ti sp c.fic objee s Tnese were to pur-
pofPs of int-rnal ir proveíamt or the payment of
deb s contracted there'or; of education, and of ihe
colcnzationoi free black . This stimulated by
no exc ting influences, and thus prudentially cheek-
ed, what monumen s woold not the Sta'es already
have buib 111 aid of commerce, what prouder monu-
men's 11 aid ol <c ncc and of mtel'eci, unburden-
el with debt, and fr^ovpul TMih means and capa-
b li'i s for progress.'e ach e^cnen s m these great
objrc-is 11 piir o'ism a'.d benevolence throigh an
unto'd ser es of ytuis '
Bf a re] oit fiom ti e Secretary of ihe Treasury,
mad m 1838, it appears that if the land bill of
1832 bad p-^sjed, the Spates wou'd have leceived,
110 1 > ihe 30 h of September of that 3esr, tiesura
01 $57,297,230 Ol .h"> the 'hare «f O^io would
have beer $4 557 933, of Indiana, §2 616 74 4, of
Illinois, $1,797,554 of AL-baria, 01,965,934, and
cf New Yi ik, $8,190 10 > The^e wou'd hive been
the °ura ol min^y tec^iveí' bj t^ose S'ates, mad-
ditio.i to the m o r er cent fund accruing to the new
Siat ', ?n 1 i" ti e expenses iiicHfn.t'0 the sales of
ih  land In pdditnn n ih.s, Indiana would hate
leeeivel 115 000 a res of lai.d to make ht-r equal
vith f ímer g'<sn s to Oho, and the other new
S*t es tie r prrpc- propcrio '- to reach he same
equali • if the author of the land mil cf 1832
dtceiv-« what pos'emv will awarJ h'm—perpetual
rei-neri.biarfe from his < ountry—what must we say
ot those adrm'iistra'ors of our affau-, who feave en-
ta 1-d uron us that counter policy n which we lave
adverfd, and the fruits of which are now like wa-
ters of bi'ferness in our mruths'
But gentlemen say thv ^h.s di^'iibut on isuscon-
stifutional and m violation of thp deeds of cessioa
from the original States.
In opposition to thr view, I shall not not detain
