10________________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.   ________________Dec. 1840.
26th Cong«'"Qnd Sess.                            Navy Pennon Bill—Mr. Sfupard.                                                          Senate.
rffice and for spoil, which was spreading and ex-
tending m our country, and giving to our pany
contests a savage and ferocious character. He
attributed the bitterness of our election contests, in
a great degree, to the personal m eren which so
many took in them. Office—money—special legis
lation—privileges and monopolies—weie ihe pur-
suit of myriads, and the exci'mg cause of ihe.r
zeal and fmy in elections. The public good re-
quired this spirit to be checked, it required the pub-
lic mind to be turned m a different direction—'o
self-exertion—to the pursuits of industry, aud the
practice oí economy—and made to find in these
resources the true road to independence of mmd
and character as well as to independence of fortune
Too much had been done by Congress to give the
public mmd the wrong direction—to bring indivi-
duals, classes, and coporations, to the Federal Go
vernment for support and relief. Too much of
this work has been done already, and if the States
«re now to be added to the list, and are to come to
thn same fountain of supply for relief from dis-
tress, where is the end of such a perversion of all
the objects of the confederation, but in the consoli-
dation oí the States, or the dissolution of the
Union?
SPEECH OF MR. SHEPARD,
Or NORTH < AROI lis a
In the House of Representatives,  Decemb°r,  184(1 —
On the motion of Mr Giddincs, of Ohio, to re-
Íonnder the- "Navy Pennon Bill "
At Spe4«*r I am aware tint the task which
have ujálntaksn u an unpopular one, he,
o endeavors to lop off patronage, will e\citc
the hostility of those who rec ive its benefit?, and
npst j£pect opposition from that party, who e
dactrpe istostrengihen this Government by creat-
lBg¿& dependence of particular cla-sts and inte-
rest But having been place J on the Committee
o#*Naval Affair?, I must do what I cons der propel,
at the risk of incurring enmity, or I mu.t be faith-
less to the trust, and iril ct a wound ( n my twn
conscience. Without the slightest hes tation, the
former couise will be firmly taken
The motion to reconsider the lull, which paved
this Bouse two days ago, is advc cited on «everal
grounds The member from Massachusetts [Mr
Adams] thinks lhat my amendment, wb ch became
the 2d >ection of the bill, was out of order, and he
has been pleased to insinuate lhat there was some-
thing unfair or tricky in the proceeding You will
remember, sn, that Iinquired of the Chair if the
amendment were in order I did not seize a sly
opportunity to thrust ¡t on Ihu H >use, wb"n my op-
ponents were absent, and the deci ion being fivci
ble, 1 have the protection of your slmJd in d flermg
irom the honorable gentleman fie is cloabilcs 
well skilled in the law of Parlt mi til, a <•' when he
occupied your seat on a celebrated recast >n, we
were all charmed with theccirectneis of /usopinion*
as well as the dignity oj las conduct But, sir, lh 
2d section was in order, because it reltttd to the
same subject as the lit, heretofore naval pen-
s ons have been paid out of a spec fio fund,
and now when we are asked to make a draft
on the Treasury foi that purpose, the i atuial
inquiry is what has become of the mouy, set
aside by Congiess, tony yeais ago, to mea ti e just
dem mds of {.allant officers and siíilo s? The ac tf
1837 has estrojed lhat fund, and in a ¡ill in ende i
to supply the deficiency it is certainly pioper to te
medy the evil, and lo kill ihe insect wnich has
eaten up the snbs'ance. If,however, we aie wrong,
it i= too late to make this cbjfction, <t is a naked
¡tchnicality, not favoic I by theiutej o' Parliament
and should be taken advantage if at the propei
time, whilst a noticn to reconsider ought rot to
prevail except on 'eticr0! merits
The member from ¡VI¡-s<¡achu ct s a.l*o sstrs
that the amendment was las ]y inneduc<"d, and
adopted without due ecnsideiatton V/ho else is of
lhi« opinion? Anethcr gentleman from Ma «achs-
setts, [Mr Reed ] And who joins the wonby
coupl* in this eomplamil A ihirel irembir frim
Massachusetts, [Mr Saltonstall ] It a you h ul
tyro had asked tor time to think, to consul  and ex-
amine document, it would not have been  sor
prising, but when "grave and reverend sen ors" re-
quest delay in order to deliberate, one ii tempted
to si? lie These honorable gentlemen are ac-
quainted with all the laws relating to this subject—
with them the pension system is a bantling that at-
tracts peculiar care—and if fifty years were allow-
ed, a hundred more would be asked before they
leached wtat I consider a just conclusion But to
propose the repeal of the act of 1837 is no new
thing, if I am not mistaken, Mr. Dickerson and
Mr Pauldmg agree with me in opinion, and at the
last session a bill passed the Senate, embracing a
provision ot this kind,-but was smothered m this
House under a mass of business. So lhat this sub-
ject has attracted the attention of Congress fir
some time.
How was ihe act of '37 passed? It was not
discussed, the )eas> and nays were not taken on its
pissagi, no man is bold enough to claim its pa'er-
nitv, and it mav be said with truth that it sneaked
through this Had quietly and unnoticed on the last
night of the session. Where was the member
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams'] He is a sleep-
less drason over the Treasury, when a political op-
ponent is to be assailed, and why did he not in '37
cry against the hasty outrage that was about to be
perpetrated? Where was the other gentleman
from Massachu-elts [Mr Reed]? He was a mem-
ber of the Committee of Naval Affairs, and ought
to know something of this extraordinary m°asuie
Tne honorable member states that a portion of
the fund had been given to Mrs Decatur by a spe-
cial act, and theiefore it was thought reasonable to
invite other widows and orphan" to partake of
what had been sacredly devoted to a d fitrent pur-
pose. This is admirable Ugic, and might have pre-
vailed with Congress, though the gentleman made
no speech to this effect, nor did he object to hasle
on the night of the 31 March, 1837. It is there-
for" wisp and proner to make an irruption into Ihe
Treasury, when the sentinel is a<leep, or when
good rumor and km My feeling have banished sus-
picion, but wl in the enormity is discovered, we
are asked not to turn out ihe intruders with preci-
pitation, but to act cautiously, to consult with each
other, to debate, lest bairn should come to the un-
fortunate persons who have exhibited *o «Inking a
'ondness foi oihei people's properly Si', this act
was passed stealthily, and should be repealed wi h-
out ceremony
The member from Massachusetts [Mr Adams]
further Mated that my amendment was m conflict
with the original bill Thenistsectien,quoth thegen-
t'eman, provides for the p-vyment of pensions.and the
stcond repeals the law which grants them—to that
tie bill is made up of inconsistent enactments
It the law of 1837 viere th  only one lhat gave
p nsi ns,the reasoning would be conclusive, but the
h morable member forgot to mention that pensions
were due under lhat of 1S00 and perhaps others ,
should the appropnaiion of the fiistsection be more
than sufficient to carry into effect the old laws of
t>e country, ihe remainder will be safely kept in
the Treasury as an unexpended ba'ance I hope
that the patriotic anxiety -of (he gentleman will be
relieved by this explanation
The same member proceeded to say that I had
mi^s'ated the act of 1837, and thereby led honora-
ble gentlemen into an error—he was also charitable
enoui h to proclaim that I had nit jearia law which
I «is! ed to repeal This is one of those random
as. eriions, for which the distinguished member is
remar! able, and to prove its gross injustice, I refer
to the Intel lgencer of this morning wh ch contains
my lemark-of Monday. Thatj urnal repiitsme
to have said that the law of 1837 "provided that
these naval pensions were to be paid, not to those
who had suffnediti the service and defence of the
countrv, but to the widows and children of those
who might, at any previous time, have died in the
service, whether tbey h"d svffeted or not And it
also provided lhat, when penwns were thus paid
to invalids, or persons who bad incurred disability,
the pension should be reckoned back to the date of
the disability, as well as ff rward from th  date of
the act " Tms is what I said then and what I now
repeat those who refer to the act as published,
will find it substantially, if not literally quoted
Mr. Speaker, i have been particular with these
matters, in order to avsid the making of irrelevant
issues I wish the House to decide this question
according to its real merits, and, having cleared
away the dust and smoke, that might have blinded
our eyes, I shall endeavor to take a rapid view of
the whole ground of controversy
In the jear 1800 an act was passed for the "bet-
t'r government of the navy of the United States,"
the_8ih and 9 h sections ot which were as follow-.
"Every officer, seaman, and mame, disabled in the
line of his duty, shall be entitled to receive, for life,
or during his disability, a pension from ihe United
Stales, according to the nature and degree of his dis-
ability, not exceeding one-half his monthly pay,"
and "all money accruing, er which has already
accrued, to the United States from Ihe sale of prizes,
shall be and remain forever a fund for the payment
of pensions and halt-pay, should the same be here-
after granted, to the officers and seamen who may
be entitled to receive tne same: and it the said fund
shall bs insufficient for the purpose, the pvMic faith
is he eby pledged to make up the deficiencj but if
it should be more than sufficient, the surplus shall
be applied for the mating of further provision for
the comfort of the disabled officers, seamen and ma-
rines, and for such as, though not disabled, may
merit by their bravery, or long and faithful sa-
vices, the gratitude of their country." Thus in the
pure days of the Government the corner-stone of
the pension system was laid, a fund was established
to accomplish ihe benevolent object, and ihe great
principle was declared which should regulate its
disposal
At that time the country was new and thinly set-
tled, it presented lo industry ihe most flattering re-
wards, and it was difficult to draw our people from
ihe walks of domestic life. Patriotism is a strong
feeling, but cannot be relied on except under the
pressure of ciroumstince«, love of glory will stimu-
late the most intellectual, but it has little influence
over the great mass of mankind. It was, there-
fore, wise in the Cotgress of 1800, to hold outstrong
inducements to ihe ambitious and enterprising, they
who seive the nation fatthfu ly, should be treated
with dis'inction, and granted every comfort, con-
sistent with out means and their own efficiency.
And yet, sir, we may err onthii side, Ihe popular
mmd is apt to be dazzled by military display—if a
man goes into an Indian fight he is thought worthy
of a seat on this floor, and it he runs away and robs
a fellow-soldier of his laurels, he is fit for the
Presidency—so that there is no need of legislation
to exalt the profession of arms. But this law was
equally free from n'ggardliness and false senti-
mert; it conferrfd no «mecures, whilst it encou-
raged the navy lo the gallant performance of its
dutv If an "officer, seaman, or marine," be "disa-
bled in the line of his duty," a pension is awarded
to him, inju'y received in the service is the title to
public bounty, and if misfortune comes to the brave
and zealous, it is in some degree alleviated by the
country's gratitude The whole nation approves
of this policy. To turn adrift on the world those
who have become unfit for other employment by
their devotion lo u?, would be inexpedient as well
as dishonorable, and, without regard to the finan-
cial condition of the Government, Congress pro-
vided means lo cheer and sustain the unfortunate
men who might suffer in defence of our flag. The
United States gave up all claim to prizes which
should be made by vessels of war, half of the mo-
ney accruing from this source belonged to the cap-
tors, and the other half was to "be and remain
foreier a fund for the payment of psnsions," for
' the making further provision for the comfort of
disabled officers," &c. or "such as, though not dis-
abled, may merit by their bravery," &c. You will
observe, sir, thai pensions were not promised to
eveiy body who came within sight of the ocean,
or who might possess a commission from the Pre-
sident, and that our faith was pledged to keep the
prize money a sacred deposite for the use of those
who were so particularly described. Such was the
spirit of the act of 1800, an act that passed before
seJfUhness and injustice predominated m our coun-
cils L t us now examine the laws which have
been subsequently passed. In 1813, pensions for
five year , payable out of this fund, were granted
to "the widows, and, if no widows, to the children
