Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8S
26th Cong...-2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Clay of Ma.
Senate.
shall neither attempt to discuss nor pass upon it on
this occasion. It is true, sir, that a motion was
made, so to ain«nd the bill, as to exclude foreigners
from ihe benefits it is intended to confer, and that
amendment, with my concurrence, was voted down.
as was a similar one, when the pre-emption bill,
passed in 1838, was before us. It was an attempt
to introduce an entirely new feature lntooui system.
Prom its foundation to th* present day, the law of
this Government has indiscriminately authorized
sales of the public domain to foreigners, as well as
citizpns. It is wholly a quc^t.on between such m
dividuals and the Siate in which they purchase, as
to how far they shall be permitted to hold real ewate,
or transmit it by inheritance to their children No
gentleman can doubt the power ofaStaleto cons'i-
tme any de-cnption of persons legal owners of such
property as they may purchase, and to determina all
the incidents of such osmersh'p—it properly b -
longs to State authority, nor does it conflict at all
with the constitutional power of this Government
over the subject of naturalization. Sir, there are
reminiscences connected with our earlier history,
which I cannot and would not willingly forget—when
the natives of other climes generously came for-
ward and fought the battles of our independence
shoulder to shoulder with our father*. The time
was, when we would not have raised this question,
and I am unwilling to rai3e it now. In othei times,
it was our proud boast that our country  as the
refuge and the home of the persecuted stranger, and
the asylum of the oppressed of afl other nations
and it shall continue to be our boast, so far as my
vote is concerned, as long as we have unoccupied
space in our wiJe spread and happy land.
Mr. C. said the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] had thought proper to give them the history
of the pre emption pohcy, commencing with John
Cleves Simmes, and the persons holding under
him, and going through the various, acts which had
been passed to protect occupants, in Louisiana and
elsewhere. To this he (Mr. Clay of Alabama)
presumed the Senators had turned their attention,
and understood it thoroughly. But the Senator had
charged that after General Jackson came into
power, there was ever attendant oi the land sys-
tem disorder and fraud, an t conduct of a most im-
proper character. Yet, win re w?s the proof of if!
He (Mr. Clay) denied that disorder or fraud had
increased under the legislation of General Jack-
son's administration; and he told the Senator if he
would look back to the memon-ls on file, he would
find there had teen infinitely more not ?nd disor-
der before that period, than from that to the pre-
sent. Why, on those occasions almo¿t an univer-
sal combination of capitalists would take place, and
they took the land from men oí small mean=, and
monopolizad the whole at the Government price;
and they would hold the land in an uncultivated
and an unproductive state, until the necessities of
the cultivators compelled mem to give to the spe-
culators th- desired profit. On some occa-
sions the sales tr ere suspended, in consequence of
those combinations of the speculator and appeals
were made to the authorities here, to know whe-
ther the sales shsuld be proceeded with at all, so
great was the anno; anee from that cause. But
had they heard recently of a sale being broken up
by not or combinaron'* Par from it: on the con-
trary, so far as he knew, every thing had been
peace and quiet, and except in a few isolated ca«e',
there was no evidence of fraud. Where was the
inducement to friua' And if there were induce-
ment, where, under their pre emp'ion ]?w>, could
it be successfully carried out? Could it be done by
the individual who sits cosn on a srrall tract of
160 acres of land' by the emigrant who went from
an old to a new State, with the wish to till the hnd?
Oh! it was said, money was made by tie pre-
emptive right, by fraud and perjury If this v ere
so, ihe parties would be subject to prosecution, but
had there been any prosecutions1 and where was
the evidence that such frauds and perjuries had
ever taken place under this law? In the part of
the country that he (Mr. Clay) came from, he
knew of no such instance. There every thing un-
der thsse laws was peace and quiet.
But gentleman told them they were introducing
the credit system.   Wow, as it regarded the fresh
land brought into the market which was subject to
the pre-emption law, there was not the color of any
ground for the imputation. According to all the
pre-emption bills which had hitherto been passed,
and such would be the law if the present bill passed,
the sales could not be postponed beyond the period
appointed by the President's proclamation. If no
pre-emption law ever passed, the time of sale
would be the same. Could the Senator find, m any
law heretofore passed, a provision which denied to
the President the power to bring th  land into the
market at the earliest moment'' No. Well, then,
how was it with the land which was subject to pri-
vate entry1 It wai allowed to them before to enter,
and they were privileged to enjoy it during the two
years of the operation of the laws, and now
they were restricted to a period of twelve months,
and if the payments were not then made, any
other individual was entitled to pay for it, and the
occupant was ousted from it. Was that credit?
By no mean*: the Government forbears merely to
sell to z.ny other man, until after the lapse of
twelve months from the passage of the law, or Ihe
time of settlement. There is no >ale to the occu-
pant until he makes payment; and, of course, no
credit.
But the Senator went still further, and slid that
great losses had accrued under these pre-emption
laws; and how did he make this appear? He called
their attention to the President's message of De-
cember, 1837, and pointed to the statement that
the average excess, as he alleged, according to that
document, was six cents per acre, and they were
told by the Senator that this was made out by
spreading it out over all the sales by private entry,
as well as those at auction. Now he (Mr Clay of
Alabama) assured the Senator fio-i Kentucky that
he was totally mistaken. If the Senator would
look at the document sent to the Senate in the be-
ginning of January, 1838, which was m progress
of preparation from the month of September of the
preceding year, and from which, doubtless, the Pre-
sident made his representation of the land sales, he
would see that it did not tmbrace the lands sold
by private entry, but was confined to lands
sold at auction, beginning in the year 1830
and coming up with the cash system to 1837,
just before that document was communicated
to Congress. Tne average excess spreading over
all the land sold at auction, and by pnvate entry,
was but 2 4-5 cents per acre. He would, more-
over, call the attention of the Senate to another re-
port, which showed thit all landso'd at auction af-
ter the passage of the pre-emption law of June,
1838, up to the last jear,was but 4 38-100 cents per
acre above the minimum, and the average price
of the whole by pnvate entry, and all, was but
§1 26 and a fraction per acre. Independently of
all this, had the Senate forgot that for two years and
a half before the first pre-emption law was ever
enacted, it was but one cent an acre excess? If
Senators would look further back into a document
embracing Indiana, Illinois, and Missoun, it would
be found that ihe general averse excess in those
States for three years, (before the passage of ihe
pre-emption law oí 1830,) was only six mills per
«Cíe above the minimum pr ce, and this would not
coyer the expense of sales by auction, in the em-
ployment of an auctioneer, the cttra compensation
to the Registers and Receivers, clerks, &c. The
pre-emption bill then, was not a proposition to
give away the public land«, nor to reducf the
amount of money received for them, materially
below that which would be received under Ihe
auction svstem
[Mr Clay of Kentucky here interposed, and
said he alluded to this subject to show what the dif-
ference was with and without pre eruption laws.
He then went into some explanations, as we under-
stood, to sustain his former views, and concluded
by reading the following extract from the message
cif President Van Burén, m Pscember, 1837, to
which he had leferred.
"Upon a critical examination, it i^ found that the lands sold at
the public ^dles, since the introduction of ca^h payment^, m
1S20, have produced on an average, the nettrevenue ol only six
cents an aeieiroiethan the mmiiiuni Government puce," &c.l
Mr. Clay of Alabama resumed. He said the
extract from the President's message, which had
just been read by the Senator from Kentucky,
proved that he had been mistaken in his former
s'atement, and agreed precisely with what he (Mr.
Clay of Alabama) had said. As the extract read
by the Senator showed, the President expressly re-
ferred to "the public sales, since the introduction of
the cash system, in 1820," and did not mention nor
embrace the sales by private entry, in fixing the ave-
rage excess, above the minimum, at six cents an
acre. He said, if the Senator from Kentucky
would review his remarks, as pubhshsd in one of
the daily papéis of this city, he would find that he
had been understood by others, as saying that the
average excess was rtduced to six cents per acre,
by being spread over all the sales made—those by
private entry, as well as those at auction. This
was the error he (Mr. Clay of Alabama) was en-
deavoring to correct.
[Mr. Clay of Kentucky again interposed, and
asked if the six cents average above the minimum,
was not made out by ineludmg the lands sold at
private entry.]
Mr Clay of Alabama maintained the con-
trary; and repeated what he said before in substance;
that the general average, including private, as well
as public sales, from the commencemsnt of the
cash sjstem in 1820, to the 30th of September,
1837, only exceeded the minimum 2 4 5 cents per
acre. He said this was shown by a report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, made
on the 8 h of January, 1838, responsive to a reso-
lution of the Senate, of the 20th September )>re-
ceedmg, to which he would invite the attention of
Senators. Mr. C said, aware that the Senator from
Kentucky had heretofore maintained that the ave-
rage alluded to had been made out by embracing
private sales in the estimate; and being anxious to
to satisfy him, that the difference would be mconsi-
derable, he had twelve months ago called on the
the commissioner of the General Land Office, and
obtained a statement of the quantity of public
land, which had been sold at auction, from the 22d
June, 1833, to that time. The result was that, in
the sale at auction, exclusive of nearly two millions
of acres, the average price had been but $1 29 38 100
per acre, being a gam of only four cents and a
fraction above the minimum, without any deduc-
tion for extra expenses; and the general average
wasbjtfl 26 18-100 per awe. Mr C remarked
that these facts were sufficient to show incontestably
that the gam of the Government, by selling at auc-
tion, was too insignificant in a pecuniary point of
vi w, to have any material influence on the policy
of the Government.
1 have felt it my duty, Mr. President, (said Mr.
Ci6ay,) to say this much in reply to the objections
which seemed most worthy of notice, urged, by its
opponents, against the original bill. I come now
to the second branch of ihe subject under conside-
ration—the motion of the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. CaiTTSNDEN] to distribute the revenue arising
from the salts of the public lands amongst the seve-
ral States—a proposition, in mv opinion, more ob-
jectionable than any other. Tins is a question
which I have heretofore had occasion to examine,
but I have now re-examined it, with care and atten-
tion, and have been confirmed and strengthened in
all the objections which I have urged against the
measure on former occasions.
The first general reflection that arises urepressi-
bly to my Blind, in approaching the discussion of
this proposition, Mr. President, is the time, and the
circumstances, under which it is brought forward.
If we had a redundant Treasuiy—a large surplus
revenue—as we bad a few years ago, although it
would not, m my judgment, warrant the exercise of
such a power, it would render it more plausible.
But, tir, what has been the s'ate of our finances
for the last three or four years? and what is their
condition now? Four years ago, we had a redun-
dant Treasury—it contained more than $40,000,000.
trader an act of Congress previously passed,
near $30,000,000 of this amount was deposited
with the several States, on the 1st of January,
the 1st of April and the 1st of July, 1837. In the
mean time the commercial revulsion cf May, '37,
took place—the banks saspended specie payments,
and refused, or were unable, to refund the public
money deposited with them—thus crippling our or.
dmary resources, and reducing the Treasury below
