86                                             APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________Jan. 1841.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Clay of Jila.
benate.
26th Costs.......2nd Sess.
remain unsold io the. Northwestern States—being
so far as the plats of survey have been returned,
in Ohio less than a million of acres—in Indiana,
less than five millions—in Illinois something more
than fourteen millions—and in Michigan about
fourteen millions—amounting in the aggregate to
34,345,871 acres. Yes, sir, even if their deeds of
cession sustain their pretensions, they_go thus far,
and no farther.
But, Mr. President, there is another aspect of
this subject which presents a conclusive bar to any
claim of distribution which can be set up in behalf
of the States. It certainly cannot be pretended, on
any fair principle, that we are bound to divide any
thing but the nett profits of the concern; nor that we
are bound to divide those profits before they accrue.
The gentlemen on the other side represent the Go-
vernment as a trustee for the management of the
public domain for the benefit of the several State?;
and that much may be conceded. But it will be
recollected that the peformance of this trust has
been attended with much expenditure of money, as
must have been well understood would be the case
at the time it was confided. Now, admitting for
the sake of argument (and lam sure I could not
otherwise maka the admission) that a division of
the proceeds was contemplated by the part es to
those conpacts, when they were made, is it rea-
sonable to suppose that it could have been intended,
on the one hand, or expected on the other, to divide
all the money that might be received for the lands,
without first deducting the expenses necessarily in-
curred in the performance of the trust? If the Ge-
neral Government was bound to return any thing
to the States, must it not have been the nett pro-
ceeds? The Indian titles were to be extinguished
to a large portion of those lands; and vast sums of
money have been paid to effect that object. We
have paid for Louisiana and Florida about thirty mil-
lions of dollars. Again, it was necessary for all
these lands to be surveyed before they could be
brought into market. And then district land offices
were to be established and supported; and a Gene-
ral Land Office to exercise a superintending control
over the whole business. Oueht not these necessa-
ry expenses to be deducted from the amount re-
ceived before any thing is demandable from the
Government? If you, sir, were to employ an agent
to mana?e and sell a large real estale, necessarily
to be divided into smaller tracts, and unavoidably
attended with great expense, would you expect him
to band you over the whole amount of his receipts,
or, indeed, any part of them, before he had
refunded himself the amount of his expenses?
No, sir, you would not, nor would any
reasonable or fair man; and the ."ame prjnciple ap-
plies in its full force to the claims of th« States in
their most favorable aspect. Then, how stands the
account? Why,sir, according to a statement from
the General Land Office, a little more than twelve
months ago, the aggregate expenditures of tbis Go-
vernment for the public domain amounted to
§134,329,375 20, and the aggregale receipts into
the Treasury on account of sales of the public
lands amounted to 1116,198,179 15, leaving an
excess of expenditures above the receipts into the
Treasury to the amount of $18,031,196 05. This
is the state of the case, on the supposition thai divi-
sion was ever contemplated, a balance in our favor
in the account current of more than eighteen mil-
lion?, of dollars! And this balance cannot be pro-
bably met and cancelled within less than three or
four years by the uettpioceeds of sales.
Then, Mr. President, the public domain not hav-
ing refunded the General Government the amount
of the expenditures actually incarred in its pur-
chase, management, and sale, and the entire reve-
nue from all sources, including this branch, being
inadequate, as all admit, to meet the current de-
manda upon the Treasury, the plain question is,
have we the power, and is it expedient to lay new
taxes and collect revenue, or shall we borrow mo-
ney to distribute amongst the States? This is the
true question, and one which demand.*, and, I trust
will receive the calm and eolemn consideration cf
every intelligent and patriotic citizen.
Sir, said Mr. C. where do we find our power to
distribute revenue amongst the States at all, much
-'ess to raise it for the purpose of distribution?   He
asked, was there any single expression in the Con-
stitution which could be interpreted to justify such
a proceeding? When we ask gentlemen on the
other side to show us our authority, to what clause
of that instrument can they refer us? We may
answer triumphantly—to none. The exercise of
3uch a power is against the whole genius of the Go-
vernment, and would be destructive of the princi-
ples on which it is founded. The Constitution de-
clares that "Congress shall have power to lay and
collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, topay the
debts and provide far the common defence and general
welfare of the United Slates." Yes, sir, for those
purposes, and those only, have we the power to tax
the piople—"to pay the debts" of the United
States, and "to provide for the common defence and
general welfare of the United States"—not to raise
money to pay the debts of the States, nor to raise
money to provide for their sepárale welfare, but in
common with the other members of the Union.
Gentlemen must admit that no express power is
delegated to us to lay and collect taxes for the bene-
fit ot the States separately; nor can they show that
it is "necessary and proper for carrying into execu-
tion" those which are granted. Far from it, Mr.
President. As I have already remarked, the taxing
power, even for the general purposes of the con-
federation, for the common benefit of the United
States, was the last with which the States parted,
and the one which they surrendered, perhaps, more
reluctantly than any other.
But, sir, it is unnecessary to pursue this view of
the subject any farther. The friends of the propo-
sition now more immediately under consideration
have not met the question of constitutional power,
nor undertaken to sustain it by any direct argu-
ment. They attempt to get round it by reference
to the acts of cession, and by placing on them a
construction not warranted by their language, their
spirit, nor the history of the times, as, I think, has
already been sufficiently shown. Yet, sir, I trust
the people will understand it, and regard the mo-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky as it truly is—
as a proposition to divide money amongst the
States, which is assuredly to be refunded by a tax
on themselves—as a proposition for this Govern-
ment to become the tax-gatherer for State and local
¡imposes, thereby cutting eff and destroying all that
salutary responsibility of the taxing power which is
now felt by their immediate representatives; and,
werse than all, as a proposition to sink the State
Governments into insignificance, and make them
dependent upon the General Government. No
other measure has ever been proposed so well cal-
culated to bring about that centialization and con-
solidation of all power in the Federal Government,
so justly deprecated and cautiously guarded against
by our ancestors, as that now under considera ion.
Once establish the principle that the Slates may
look to this Government as the great money power
upon which they muy depend for all their local
wants, and you will realize the most sanguine
hopes and expectations of the Federalists in former
times, by building up a splendid Government at
the national metropolis, which must, and will,
sooner or later, absorb all pclitical power.
I fear, Mr. President, I have already occupied
too much time in my remarks on the motion of the
Senator from Kentucky; but there is one other
point, which I cannot pass by altogether unnoticed.
I mean, sir, the effect which the proposed measure
would have on the interests and prosperity of the
new States. They have already had sufficient
cause of complaint against the couise of policy
which has been pursued towards them by the Gene-
ral Government, as the numerous memorials and
remoEst'anccs of the Legislatures and the people
of those States, which have been presented session
after session, for many years past, and are now on
your fileu, will abundantly testify. Their great,
and at the same time well founded cause of com-
plaint, has been the inflexible adherence of this Go-
vernment to one fixed price for lands of all descrip-
tions, whether rich or poor. They have, again and
again, appealed to your sense of justice, and referred
you to the terms of your compacts with them, on
their admission into the Union, showing, as they be-
lieve,lhat while you retained by their consent the right
to the unsold and unappropriated lands within their
limits exempt from taxation, jou at the same time
undertook to sell them in a reasonable time—but,
thus far, they have appealed in vain. What are they
to expect when you shall have enlisted the cupidi-
ty of all the other States of the Union against a re-
duction of the price of their inferior lands? Need
they expect the representatives of States; that are
to receive annual dividends from their proceeds, to
an amount sufficient to support the Government of
some of them, and exempt their citizens from taxa-
tion, to vote for their graduation bills, the passage
of which they have so long anxiously desired? No,
sir; and I now tell the people of the new States, if
their petitions on this subject have heretofore been
unavailing, should the proposed measure become a
law, they will be utterly hopeless. They may ex-
pect, for a hilf century to come, that millions of
acres will remain the property of this Government,
nominally, but in fact the domain of the several
old States—unsold, unsettled, unimproved and un-
productive.
But, Mr. President, I turn with pleasure from the
discussion oí a measure to which, I think, there are
so many insuperable objections—fraught, in my
opinion, with so many evil consequences, not only
to the new States, but to the wtiole Union—and
will direct your attention to the amendment pro-
pobed by the honorable Senator from South Caro;
lina, [Mr. Calhoun.] Perhaps no measure of its
impoitance, which has ever been brought forward
here, has been more misrepresented, and less un-
derstood, than the bill of that hcnorable Senator "to
cede the public lands within the limits of th new
Stales, on certain condiiions therein mentki ed."
It has been characterized and denounced as a pro-
position to "give" the public domain to those Slates;
and such representations have been sent ab -fad,
and have had their effect, unaccompanied by p nn-
gle condition of the proposed grant. Sir, the bill
does not contemplate a donation, and it.-, exaniia-
tion is sufficient to repel the imputation. It pro-
poses a sale, not a gift. These are its provisions:
The first section cedes the public lands to the States
in which they lie, which may remain unsold after
the 30th of June, 1842, excepting the usual
reservations for public purposes, on condition that
the States shall pay to the General Governmcmsixty-
five per cent, of the gross proceeds, as the Senator
proposes to fill the blank; that the miaimum price
shall remain, as now fixed by law, until the said
30th of June, 1842, but, after that period, the price
may be reduced to $1 per acre for all lands then
remaining unsold, wbich'have theretofore been of-
fered for sale for ten years; that, five years after
the day aforesaid, all lands which may then have
been offered for a period of fifteen years and re-
main unsold, may be reduced to seventh-five cents
per acre; and thus going on with a reduction of the
price in the same ratio, for every additional term of
five years it may have been in market, till it comes
down to twenty-five cents per acre; after which, if
it shall remain unsold five years longer, it shall be
ceded absolutely to the respective States in which it
is situated; and the system of graduation to com-
mence with ill land not now embraceá by it, so
soon as it shall have been offered and remain un-
sold ten years. A further condition is, that the lands
shall remain subject to the same legal subdivisions
which now prevail; those not heretofore offered for
sale to be fitst offered at auction—afterwards to be
subject to graduation; and that all laws of the
United States on the subject of public lands in
force at the passage of the act, to remain so, ex-
cept to far as modified by its provisions. Another
condition is, that the cession is to be in full of the
five per cent, fund, not already accrued, which was
reserved to the new States by the compacts for
their admission into the Union, for the purpose of
making roads within, and leading to, those
State.; and the S ales to be "exclusively liable
for all charges that may hereafter arise from
the survev, sale, and management of the public
lands." And, finally, any violation of those con-
ditions is to be followed by a forfeiture of all the
rights granted by the act; and all grants, or titles
thereof made by the State ¡to acting, to be null
and void. The second section of the bill autho-
rizes the several States, in which the lands are
situated, t® grant the right of pre-emption to ever
