Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sr
26th Cong....2nd Sess.
actual settler for a petiod of ninety days, at esch
sucessive graduation, or reduction of price, after
which, if the settler should not avail him<elf of the
privilege, it is to be subject to entry by any other
purchaser. The other provisions are not neces-
sary to be not ced on this occasion
These, sir, are all the material enactments pro-
posed by the bill of the Senator from South Caro-
lina. While they are fresh in our recollections, let
us test the accuracy of some of the repre entations
of its characteristics, which have been sent abroad.
Is it a gift—a donation of the unsold lando to the
States in which they are situated, as has been
been broadly asserted'? So far from the fact, we
see, at ihe first blush, the States are to pay the Ge-
neral Government 65 per cent, of the gross pro-
ceeds of the sales, and are to release the United
States from the payment of the 5 per cent, of
the nett proceeds, reserved for making roads
for their benefi'—these two items being 70
percent of the gnss amount received. The States,
too, are to be at Jhe entire expense of the manage-
ment and sale of this domain which constitutes
another impoitant item of deduction. What would
be its amount, of course cannot be determined
with precise accuracy, but I find it stated in ths re-
port of the Committee on Public Lands, prepared
with much care at ihe last session, that there were
then "spread over the new S ates fifty-nine land
offices, connected with which there weie one hun-
dred and eighteen registers and receivers, eight
surveyors general, with a ho t of deputies, clerks,
draftsmen, chain carriers, and axemer, at an aggre-
gate annual expense ot upwards of |334,000, on
an average of the last two years" preceding Then
suppose the aggrega'e amount of sales, in all ihe
State , to be equal to three millions of dollars—
and, without the territone-, it would not probaby
exceed that sum—'he expenses, at the rate ju^t
stated, may be estimated at nearly 12 i per cent.
which brings up the credits to 82i per cent. Then,
sir, add 125 per cent, more, the amount proposed
to be given to the new States above an equal divi-
dend with the old States, bv the former distribution
bill of the Senator from Kentucky, and which I
suppose to be aeam contemplated, and we have
accounted for 95 per cent, of the gro«s amount
which may be paid to the States receiving ihe
cessions. And, sir, it >s just as fair, and not more
liberal, to make the allowance of the last named
item to the new States, under ihe bill proposed by
the Senator from South Carolina, as under that of
the Senator from K<*ntueKy, for the citizens of
those States, in the obp ca„e as well as the other,
almost exclusively pay this large amount of money
into the general treasury, and may be expected to
go on increasing in population, more rapidly than
their elder sisters, at !eact for some time to come.
[Mr. Clay of Kentucky desired to give a more
full and fair explana'ion of one point It wou d
be recollected that he introduced a bill for the dis-
tribution of the public lands m 1833, near the be-
ginning of a p°nod, at the end of which, the popu-
lation of the United S'ates would be greatly in-
creased. His leading motne then, in proposing
12J per cent over and above, was that the New
States had, at that time, anl would continue to
have up to the time lor taking the next census a
vast amount of po,ulation more thm by the rule
proposed would be estimated, and great injustice
therefore would be done 'f they <vc c to receive"by
ihe census of 1830 That was the mam m< tive
It was from a disposition to effect a satisfactory
adjustment tnat it was done, for the new States, for
the reason he had given, were entitled to something
more than the old—but whether it should be 10 or
191 per cent would be a subject for considera-
tion ]
Mr. Clay of Alabama said he perfectly under-
stood the Senator's motive m the matter alluded to,
he knew it was, at least in part, on account of the
more rapid increase of population in the new than
the old States, that he proposed to allow them more
than was granted by the compacts fo' their admis-
sion into the Union. He was alss satisfied that Ihe
same inducement ior the discrimination still exist-
ed, and he hoped the new"St;tes would still go on
increasing m population in the same ratio they had
done since the census of 1830.    Mr. C. by no
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Clay of Ala.
means objected to the discrimination m their favor
—it was j ast and fan not only on the ground stated
by the Senator from Kentucky, but also on the other
ground which he (Mr.CLAY of|Alabama) had alluded
to. Wbw t he meant to say was, that the additional
twelve and a half per cent, could as properly
be allowed to the new Slates under the bill
of the Senator from South Carolina, as undei
that of Ihe Senator from Kentucky. Under the
latter the deduction of twelve and a naif per cent,
was first made in behalf of the States in which the
lands were situated, and then a distribution made of
the remainder amongst all the S'ates, on terms of
equality. So, he contended, under the bill ceding
the lards, it was no less just that the new States
should be allowed the additional twelve and a half
per centum, for under its provisions, too, the inha-
bitants of those States would pay all the money for
tre lands, which weni into the general Treasury, as
well as increase inore rapidly in population than
the o'd States; and although it was not divided
amongst the several Slates, ihey all shared in it as
equally, for it enured to their common benefit, by
exempting them proportionately from that amount
of taxation. What, then, Mr. C asked, will be
left to the new States, above the payment and de-
ductions stated' Probably not more than five per
cent. Then, sir, this is the amount of the sacrifice,
if any, that is proposed by the bill of the Senator
from South Caiohna, and it must be apparent that,
so far from being a donation, as heretoiore alleged,
it is a sale, and for an adequate consideration.
I am aware, Mr. President, that great loss has
been apprehended m another respect. It is as-
sumed, in the first place, that the entire one hun-
dred and sivty millions of acres intended (o be
ceded are worth, and will ultimately command the
present mimmam pnce, and, in the next place,
that, under the power of giaduation, the States
woald eil them greatly b.low their value. A re-
mark or two will be sufficient to show that both
these assumptions are erroneous It is altogether
unfair to suppose that the entire quantity of this
land would ever be sold for any price; and it is still
more improbable that it would all bring $1 25 per
acre, it ever seld We know from the official do-
cuments that a large portion of it has been m mar-
ket without finding a purchaser for periods of fif-
teen and twenty years, and some of it th'rty and
forty years We know, too, thit a great deal of it
consists of mountains, swamps, ard p>ne banens,
that woull never command ten cents an acre, in
deed, it is certain that some ot it would never be
received is a donat on, as it might impose on the
donee the responsibility of paying taxes. Very Ii>-
tle would bp sold annually; and I am safe m say-
ing that all would not be sold m a century. It Is
obvious that such land, as I have tiuly described
much of it to be, would never be purchased at th 
minimum, wh°n v*e have such a boundless extent
of rich, fresh soil, that can be bought at the same
price.
Another consideration, worthy of notice, is the
large annusl expense of keep n up our land sys-
tem—a deduction which should manifestly be made
t > deiermire the nett value of t^is property. The
committee which had the subject under considera
turn at 'he la=t 'esi.on, takirg all the e things mlo
view, est ma'cd th( present cash value ot th- who! 
at $26,400,000 They a'so went on ihe supposi-
tion that the land Hugh' all be sold m a period of
eigh'y years, which, ?s I have already in'mioled,
w?s going too far Th  sum of twenty six mill ons
four hundred thousand dollars, at six per cent in-
terest, von d produce $1 584,000 annually, wh ch
m pigr'y )ears would amount to $,126 720,000 in
interest alone, added to the principal it would
make the aggregate §153,120 000 Thus we see
th=t this appa.ently small sum, it low interest,
would ?ltnost amount to the average of one dollar
an acre within the time stated. An average of
seventy-five ceils an acre, wh ch u above all rea-
sonable expectation, would make the aggregate
sum received amount to $120,000,000—being
$6,720 (jOO I low the interest alone on the sum es-
timated b> the committee. It is 'hen manifest that
the opponents ot the bill have greatly magnified
and overestimated the value of the property in
question. It would be better to receive the sum
1
Senate.
estimated by the committee now, than to obtain any
probable price alter the lapso of so many years.
As to the appiehension that the States would re-
duce the pnce too rapidly, it is equally unfounded.
It would be against their interest to do so, more es-
pecially if the lands were as valuable as gentlemen
supposed, and they would be restrained from such
a course by ihe restrictions of ihe bill on their pow-
er of graduation. Trie land mast have been in
market unsold ten years before it can be re-
duced to ^1 an acre, it roust then remain unsold, at
that price, five years longer, beiore it can be re-
duced to seventy-five cents, and the reduction of
price continues in that ratio every additional five
yeais. There is no danger of less in this re«pect;
the objection would be mere plausible, that the re-
duction of price is too slow, and postpones too long
the leceipt of i'« real value.
Sir, another objee iun against the proposed ce$<
sion is ihe want or power. Mr C. a ked, can this
difficulty be seriously entei tamed by those who have
exairmed the subject Does not the Constitution
provide that 'Congie s shall have power to dispose
of and make all neediul íules and regulations, re-
peeting the teintory or other property of the United
Stated" Regarding the cession as a sale, there can
certainly be r o doubi, whedier it be for cash, or on
credit, foi we have given our sanction to both-
modes in practice. Noi can it be denied, that we
have as much power to sell to States as to indivi-
duals. The Constitution does not prescribe to
whom, noi in what manner, we may "dispose of"
"ihe territory, or other property of the United
Sates," but gives us abroad di-cretion to "make
all needful rn'e  and regulations" respecting it, and
we have cxerc st-d it in almo.i every possible raan-
nei by sales and donations. "We certainly have
power, too, to eiiipuy whatever agent we may
t! ink propti in the disposition of the public pro-
perty—aStatc, as well a  -nindividua'—andu must
be admitted there u more ^alety in the former, than
ihe Uttcr kind ol agency—by the one we have lost
nothing, by the o'her we have lost millions
Again, said Mr C it has been urged against this
bill that it wou'd est^bl sh the relation of creditor
and debtor between ih- Gtneral Government and
the new States and t >e most frightful consequences
have been shadowed iorth by the imag nations of
gentlemen as likely to íesult ftom it. They have
told us fat, althougn the bill did not make a do-
nation in leims, t'.„t ov..ng to ihe couise which
tbe Statt-s would pursue, and their fa lure to com-
p'y wan th  corn'iions ot their compacte,
it woald became <o in ulrc Hear'-burmngs, dis-
content, and (vi-n the dar>° r oí disunion, had been
alluded to i, hitely to flow Itom thu> measure. Mr.
C. said, he appealed to every gentleman to say,
vvhetner the new Sta'es had not hitherto observed
their compacts wito the General Government? He
appealed to ev«ry honorable Senator, whether
they hid done any th ng to wanan' the insinua-
tions that had been ulieuu isainst dvirgood faith
in the course ot this debate? He asked on what
terms the new States h d been sdmiiled mto the
Uqiou' Go to 'h «ic's proudi 3 t< r their admis-
sion, and) out v. i fin .tac y were required to pascan
ordinance, inevitable > xtt'oa' the consent of Con-
gre ¡>, uscUimug all right rnd title to the waste
and uTpptopnated iando 1 íag w¡ h n ihei" limits;
that no 1 'x hall be imp <-ed on lam's the pruperty
of the United Sue , t &t ewy tract of land after-
wards sold by Ü" time am nt sl.all remain free
from taxat en, f r nj t írprse whatever, for the
term <f fiveje^s from a A af'cr the respective
days of the sale " leo und that land belonging
to non resident v uj n*ver be t?xed higher than
those of íesident c zer¡=, besides other condi-
tion , which need not te recited. These, s>r,
were some, of the condiim- extorted from
them as the price of t! eir adm ssion into he Unon,
nt tv uhstpndipg they v ere pumised admission on a
footing of íeifect equity, m aii t" n 'hl*ot sove-
•■eigrty, ireedom, and 3"d p*n(,e ce CneGensial
Government relamed he no 1 • 10 s-1 ir; unap-
\ 'opnated land wi hiu th*" o - >- , aud, ot et urse.
virtually unde'too'i 10 re  <. - >* iuir When
was this to be done?—r ~ 11? Wi' it not the spirit
of the compact, that . s tu V d^ne in z, icasona-
Me tinie9 and for us fau value? This certainly
i
