88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th Cong-"2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Reynolds.
H. of Reps.
cannot be controverted, for it cannot be suppossd
that one Government would willingly agree for its
domain to be held exempt from taxation and im-
provement interminably  by another. Well, sir,
what is the fair value of property? Is it the price
it may possibly command a quarter or half century
hence? or ¡s it not, as th° Senator from South Ca-
rolina [Mr. Calhodn] justly remarked, the other
day, the price it will command m cash at the pre-
sentí This is the true test of value, by the com-
mon con«ent of all business men. And has the Ge-
neral Government performed the conditions of this
compact according to its spirit. On the contrary,
in despite of the memorials which have been sent
here annually for the last twelve or fifteen years,
by the Legislatures and the people of the new
States, appealing to your jusiice, and call-
ing on you to fulfil your agreements, have
not millions of acres of the most interior qua-
lities been held up from sab—some twenty, some
thirty years and some still longer—because it
would not command the same price you receive
for your richest alluvial soils? Yes, sir, it
is undeniable, and, dufing all this time, those
lands have remained unsettled, unimproved, un-
productive, and exempt from taxation. Yet every
new State has observed good laith in the perform-
ance of the condition ! imposed on her. I am
not aware of a single violation on the part of any
one of them. Ionot this a sufficient test of fidelity
to satisfy the most incredulous and skeptical? And
does it not aflbid an unquestionable gu-ranty that
the same Governments will faithfully perform
whatever they undertakf.^ Sir, sustained by such
faets, I feelwarianted—nay I leel called upon, to
repel the unjustifiable insinuations which have
ben beeH made against them However, to obviate
conclusively any objection on this ground, it has
been suggested by a friend Oi the bill, [Mr Se
■vieb,] that the 65 per cen>. payable to the United
States shall at once be paid by the purchaser to
to an officer of this Government. II gentlemsn
think it safer to trust individual agents, when they
have so often swindled us latherthan the States
which never have, (and, I may add, never will,) be
it so—the friends oí the measure will cheerfully ac-
quiesce in. the modificad n
But, sir, the bill íuelf contains the best answer
to this objection,an 1 a sufficient guarantee of good
fai'h. It provide , "that on a failure lo comply
with any of the aboie conditions (iho^e before
enumerated,) ora viola ion of the '-ame," &.c. the
cession made to the Siate failing to comply, &<■
"shall thereby be rendered null and void " In
this provision there is an ample remedy, even in
the event any one of the States should tarnish her
escutcheon by a breach of good faith By the
same clause it is furthei declarul, that ''all grams
or titles thereafter made" by uioh S ate, shall be
"null and void, and of no eflixt whuever"
Henee, should such a remote contingency happen,
as that which teems to be apprehended,ilic Judiua-
ry would have jurisdiction, and could peacefully
and effectually «eltle the question
Gentlemen have objected to the inequality with
which the benefits of this measure wou'd be dis-
tributed amongst the different States, and have
have dwelt, more especially, upon the stna'l quau-
ut'es of the public domain, remaning unsold
m the States oi Ohio and Indiana, and the
large quantities m Missouri «nd Allans>s hence,
they argue that the latt*rwoukl be vastly benefi ed
while the former would bs very h tie Now, sir,
this view of the subject ísevtdtmlj founaeJ on ihe
idea that the bill proposes donation- and not sales
to thr b ates Enough has already been sa>d upon
the subject to satisfy the Senate that, if the State1;
gam any thing above what has been piocosed
W other schemes, it would be but a paltry diffe-
renc*. If gentlemen wish *o expend their com-
plaints and ami.i_jver>,ions on inequalities amongst
the Swes, I would turn their attention to a more
striking class—to tho e u'idcr which the younger
member. of tae confederacy now labor Behold
them, sir, not only without the power to _ell the un-
appropriated domain, but cut of from the ordinary
sources of revenue, withoat the power to lax,
m some instances, bilf ihe lands within their
limits* Let them bear in mind, too, that this state
U things exists uaáer the solemn declaration by
Congress that they shall be, and that they have all
been admitted upon an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States in all respects whatever. How long
it will continue to exist, Heaven only knows—but
perhaps interminably, unless the price shall be
graduated according to ihe qual ty of the «oil Yet,
gentlemen on the odvr side consider ihe General
Government as having been wondious kind to ihe
new Slate ; and one of them has illustrated his
views by comparing the former to a kind guardian,
and the lat*er as its ward*. Let us test the conduct
of the General Government by the^prmciples appli-
cable to such a case. Suppose a guardian, having
possession of his ward's estate, were to require him
to surrender a portion on hit. arrival at full age, as
a condition precedent to his enjoyment of the ba-
lance-, would it not be íegardedptwna/aae as a
fraud? Who, as a judge or juror, would look with
any forbearance on such a tramac'ion? And is
there not a strong analogy between sueh a case and
the course pursued by this Government as their po-
litical guardian toward the new States, upon their
admission into the Union—when they are íequired
to surrender a portion of their sovereignty, that
they may enjoy the remainder.
Sir, said Mr C. one of the best features in the
measure proposed by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, is that it goes furiher than any other hitherto
offeied to remove speedily the just comp'aint of in-
equality, to which I have referred, and to place the
new States, in tiuth and fact, «omewlia* on an
equal footing with the oldei membersot .he Union
It i-, the theory of oui system that the States should
be equal in sovereignty. Under the Article  of Con-
federation they had the same weight m Congress—
each of them having one vo'e And under the
existing Constitution the principle has been so far
preserved that they all stand upon a footing of per-
fect equality in the Senate. It is certainly not less
just that they should have equal righ's of sove-
reignty within their own Urm's. If they cannot be
placed on that footing at ence, they have a n?ht to
claim the adoption oí some measure which will
put an end to their present inequality within a rea-
sonable time.
This measure should be acceptable to all parlies,
more especially to ihe opponents of the present Ad-
ministration, on another ground: it will go fpr to
dimmish Executive patronage, against which we
have heard such repeated denunciations for nnny
years past It will take from the Executive the
appointment ot about one hundred an 1 twenty re-
gisteis and receiver^, and six surveyors general,
with their numerous deputies and subalterns, no v
disponed throughout the new States, at an annual
expense of moie than three hundred thousand dol-
lars It has been mam'ained that \ery extensive
and dpngerous influence has been exercised through
the instrumentality of so many dependent , and
that such might be th<* case, m*y be rtadily
imagined I hop" Ihe enemies of Executive patron-
age will avail themselves of this ooeasion to evince
their sincerity, and \ote for a proposition which
will, to a consideiable extent, remedy the evil of
which they complain
The proposition of the Senator fro  South Caro-
lina a'so challenges the support of the friends of re-
trenchment Independently of the large amount of
expenditure, which I have already noticed as mci-
dem to the dbt i t land offices, and the other ma-
chireiy at piesin  required by the system, we
hould take into the est mate the ti ne which is oc-
cupied at eveiy sfs<-ion of Congre s in the con<i 'e-
ration of the numerous memorias, cbinis, and
o he. appl cit'ons cr.rmect.-d with the pi blic
¡"nds. The committee winch bad this sub-
ject befara them at the last ses-rn, supposed
that the passage of the bdl "would pnb?bly
diminish the business of Corgress a th'id, or a
fourth, and shorten the sesS¡ons m the same propi r-
1101)," and, it seems to me, the experience and ob-
senationof every gentleman wno bas been here
foi the las'ten or twelve} ears, «ill ful y ustain that
opinion. And, if we take the lowest estimate of
the committee, is it not appirei t that it would save
the expenditure of «eve<al hundred tbousai.d dol-
lars annuallj? Then, sir, it is a retrenchment mea-
sure, and we have a right to expect the support of
all the friends of economy and reform.
Sir, said Mr. C. I have no hesitancy in giym
my preference to the bill of the Senator from South
Carolina over any other that has yet been submit-
ted to the Senate. The people of the States, in-
cluding the public land, desire the privilege of pre-
emption to be extended to the enterprising settler,
who goes into the wilderness gives it the impress of
civilization, and readers it productive: this bill em-
braces .hat principle. The same people desire the
graduation and reduction of the price of inferior
lands which have been in market, and remained un-
sold , ten, twenty, thirty, and, in some instances, forty
years, that they may find purchasers who will im-
prove and cultivate them, and augment the re-
sources of their Slates: that principle, too, is em-
braced by this bill.
They are unwilling that this Government should
continue to bp tbeir perpetual landlord, holding vast
domains within their limits exempt from taxation,
and yielding nothing for their benefit or that of the
Union. They wish to be assured of some proba-
ble terrmmnation to their present state of colonial
dependence. This measure responds to those senti-
ments. If it should become a law, it will settle
definitively the numerous, intricate, and perplexing
questions, which are almost incessantly agitating
the councils of the nation, and producing collision
and controversy between the old and the new States.
I submit the question to this enlightened body,
whether such results be not desirable. The har-
mony of the Union was one of the principal
grounds on which the States were pressed, and
upon which they ultimately agreed to surrender
portions of their territorial claims. It is a subject
no less worthy of consideration now, and must
ever be, so long as "the s abhty of the general
Confederacy" rpmains desirab'e,
Sir, 1 w 11 detain the Senate with but one single
further remark. Whatever may be the ultimate pur-
pose rf gen'lemen, in regard to the bill offered by the
Senator Jrom South Carolina, I trust they will, at
least, prefer it to that of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, than which, in my opinion, no other mea-
sure has ever been brought forward here more pre-
judicial to the interests of the new States, or more
dangerous to the welfare of the Union itself.
SPEECH Of MR. REYNOLDS,
OF ILLINOIS
In the House of Jíepresentatnes, December 24, 1840—
On t|e following instructions which he presented
to the House.' That the Committee on the Pub-
lic liinds report a bill to grant prospective pre-
emptions to actual sett'ers, and to reduce the
price' to 'settlers according to the value of the
iand *>
Mr REYNOLDS having the floor, said
Mk Speaker- I consider it my duty to my "con-
stituents" to present this subject to the House, and
to th° people. There is no subject that is so inte-
resting to the people of Illinois, and particularly
to the d strict in that State which I have the honor
to represent, as that of the proper disposition of
the public doma n. All other subjects dwindle into
insignificance in comparison with this and as I am
well acquainted with the feelings, wants, and
wishes, of the people I represent, on this subject, I
would be derelict m my duty to them, and be un-
worthy ct the high trust which they have reposed
in mc, were I to remain inactive on this subject at
this or any other session of Congress. I am well
aware that this subject, wilh many members in this
House, is extremely un{ opul?r. Many persons re-
sid ng in the old S ates, and perhaps some members
in tins House, consider the public lands belonging
to them, a= much ss as their own plantations on
which they íeside. To tuch people as these, 1
would be pleased to sneak. Reason and facts
would convince them that they are m an error.
They are laboring uncer a misapprehension of the
subject. These lands were cedpd to the General
Government at a time when me nation was em-
barrassed with a public debt, occasioned by the
war of the Revolution. They were acquired prin-
cipally to relieve the country from this embarrass-
ment, and to settle and improve them, as other
sections of the Union. That these lands were ac-
quired puneipaily to lecuro the payment of the
great national debt existing at that time against the
Government, is established by the following resolu-
