92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
28th Cong.....2nd Sess.
Relief of Nathaniel Goddard and others—Mr. Turncy.
R. of Rep3.
or expect to receive any favors at the hands of his
country. I will call your attention, sir, to the fol-
lowing paragraph:
"lathe Massachusetts Senate, October 8tli, 1814, Haruson
Gray Otis íepoited the bit] for the Hartford Convention, which
wascained, 22 to 12 Its principal advocates wcie Messrs
Otis, Quioey, and White, all now Whtes Of those who voted
for it, there are now living Josiah Quincy, President of Har
yard University, Harrison Gray Otis, Thomas II Psbuns,
and Daniel Sergeant, of Boston "
Here, sir, we find Mr. Perkins, m the Senate of
the State of Massachusetts, voting for the Hart-
ford Convention The objects and design <sf that
convention I will show before I shall íesume my
seat; for the present, I will proceed with Mi*. Per-
taris. We next find him voting for a resolu'ion
which declared, that m a war l)ke the present,
(1812,) waged without juvtifiabie cause, it «as not
becoming a moral and religious people to express
any approbation ef military exploits. Sir, he did
not stop at this he went further, and voted for a
report of a committee, which isas follows
"The resolve of the 11th oi June is in itself highly correct
and expedient to fotm the younds oí corstmmona! opposition
sndpatilotic discomageinent to the piosecution of the wai
''Tilts pissed, 20 lo 8, and the sttivivors who voted loi it
were! sish Quine), 'Ikonias II ^tikins, fcninuel Putnam,
Hitas Holman Daniel A White, S C Alien ^oloimm htioilg,
Nahittn Mitchell,atid TirmsRichardson o! Delnam-alf Inn
Mr Allen piominoiH Hairisonmen, and ill now holding Whig
State offices, thlce of them bt,iu0 judges in the 1 tnd
The sentiment expressed in this report is, that it
is constitutional to oppose, and patriotic to dis-
courage, the prosecution of the war—a high-loned
Inderal sentiment—it it, even more—it is ihe senti-
ment of a Tory Th s is Federal patriotism for
you, and I am free to admit that Mr. Perkins has
as much of that kind of patriotism as any man id
the whole country Yes, sir, to oppose ihe prt sc-
cuüon of the wsr was considt red comtttutioral and
patriotic—it was so established by the Federal par-
ty in their legislative enactments oí the State of
Massachusetts,—and it ¡t> no doubt the kind of pa-
triotism to which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts allude* m his eulugium on the character of
Mr. Perkins, il so, I think it well bestowed Even
after the wai was over, m> late as Itii I, whin there
was scaiceiy a division of opinion in regaid lo the
war, Mr. Perkins's patnolts n remained the same as
it was when he sailul his vessel under a British li-
cense. It was in that year that the D-mocratic
party elected a m,jonly oí the members of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, an(1 an altempt was
made to riJievt the journal oí tho e dVgnceful
resolves which had bien placed upon it eleven
years before A lew lines icul from llm valuable
document, will show ihe pait Mr Ptilnns acted-
liliuliy I", 1K!I tint tin ilsoIvci i ilu 1 > hoi TmelMt
lurlilu | i i II then t, b ml Dm siiin an lnuby 1 •>
l'VNGÍA) limi lit   ii            ■
rilCHUI VHOI1 Wtl I V
// J'erLiiu* no 1 1   tt i (
i l r < I tiiL N
li d in in st ilu c\t uiiHti
lnuiks ot ÍÍ       II
Here, vir, hi s(i  that Mi PmIi ns acted m ac-
cordance wiiu his o'd Ftdor.il Jioliiii,*" and princi
pie?. In opposition to ihe ¡Dimoci<uic parly in the
effort to expunge the disgraceful resolution tl at it
was unbecoming a mota! and religious pcop'e t)
repHce at then countiy't, victoiie , be, Hue to the
Fedetal parly, and uucomp omising in his hostility
to Ihe Republican measures ot the Government,
letteiatod one of the nu t odious sen unit n is that
ever rtceived ihe «notion of 1 gislattve enactment
in this country Yes, sir, in the «hole of his ca-
reer, so far as the lusecry oí th< arms brings it lo
my vie*, he has bo a tmiKrm and consistent 11
oppo nig the best inieifsrsut h siountiy lie v as
at first kii d and hotral in sUppiylng ,hs British
with proveíjns m direct vio'aiton i1 ih„ laws ot the |
United Sates, and mile n it place aided ioJ |
abetted the ireasorable a semblage. at Hart-
ioid in Utir uohily efforts to destroy th 
Government Ye> ve are told by the gen-
tleman from Ma^achtreih, [Mr Salton-
staia] that Mr Pfikins i* as patriotic as any
man m the countij- ' The gentleman must
mean in the whole ctuniry ol M?s!cichusetts, and
with particular reference to the Federal party in
that State, for I am certain that hie >\.mark would
not apply to Tennessee. Hot do I imagine that
any person m the State of Massachusetts would
endorse the eulogy which has b°en pronounced
upon Mr. Perkins on this floor, ui less it be by
those whose opinions corresponded with those who
voted for the resolutions which declared it constitu-
tional to oppose, and patnotie to discourage, the
pros cution of the war In this bind of patriotism
I am free to admit that Mr. Perkins has few rivals
of equal pretensions.
I will proie to the House that it was not only
held to be patriotic to supply the enemy with money
and provisions, and every other aid and assistance
which could be afforded, but it was regarded by
the patno's of the Federal school as d.«graceful
and mfamous to afford aid to (he Government m
prosecuting the war.   I will read the proof of this
[Here Mr. Tohney read from the Olive Bianch
as follows.]
' At this awful moment the disorganizing, the Jacobinical idea
was not nnirequently advanced in our colteehouses and m oui
stieets, that the war having been begun by the Demociats they
rrnist cany Hon, that they hid no light to call on the redera!
ists loi assistance, which the latter ought not to afford, that if
the Democrats cotnproimtted tho honor and infeie«t of their
country by thshonoiable peace, the Fedeiahsfs should take the
power oiuol then han ¡s and then contend tor the violated ho
nru ind dignity oí tlie country, that the British «outd not nor
consistently with a regard t> their honoi, ought they to treat
with Mi Madison, who should be compelled to resign, with a
vast vaucty ol the same patriotic cbc riñes, whieh were public
ly piomulgited m someot our newspapers Atthesanse time
a tew despetate men weiepreparing to adl to the geneial dis
tie s dnd difficulty by a dissolution of the Union "
S r, this needs no elaborate comment from me.
It was asserted to be a war commenced by the De-
mocrats, that the Democrats should rarry it on, and
that they had no right to call on the Federalists for
assistance, and that none ought to be afforded by
the latter Thus, according to the Federal cieed, it
was not a nat  nal, but a Democratic war, and
pursuing ihe same mode of rea^onma, it was pa-
triotic in ihe Federalists to refuse lending money to
Government, and to discourage enlistments of men
to piosecute the war Peihaps, under patriotism of
this kind, a justification could be found for supply-
ing the enemy with provisions Sir, there is another
id-a expre< sed ií this extract, which strikes my mmd
with great force, it is what the "British could not,
nor,consistently with a regard to their honoi, ought
they to treat with Mr. Madison, who should be
compelled to resign '" Why could they not con-
sistently with their honor, Heat with Mr. Madison?
and why should he be compelled to resign' Was
it because they had entered into treaty, alliance, or
cngagemt nt with the Federal party of the United
Siates, wherein they had promised or agread not to
treat with Mr. Madron? erhad they promi-ed or
agreed to assist the British in forcing him to re ign,
and which the Hartford C invention iltempted to
execute by sending a commit ce, of which Mr Pur-
kins was one, to demand the resignation of the Pre
sidim? Was. it the object and intentions of the high
contracting paitiesin'foictng Mr Madison n resign,
lo piare the Fukiil pirly in power in ordpr ihat
ilk y mi.'ht so ch mg< and temodel our form of Go-
vernment s i as to make it meet trie views of the
Fedeialist .indih'B'i sh1! Hot/ was \It Madt
son to be ft rce 1 to le^ign? Was it lo be done by
the British bayone , sustained and suppot ed by the
Faieral pat y tf the Uní cd ^ta'es? If this was
not the und rs atidmg between the eontiacltng par-
tn\ the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Sal-
roNsrac] or some t 'her Federalist can inform us
what it was I \ til not dwell long-r on this p-=s-
s ae, the evidence is stronger and more cone'us to
lh<ui my argument I can adduce I will now lead
at other s\tract from the same b >ok, page 312
Mtn l i tht moil! ni ieíifti u ' (own of Iiiston lie uhhred
to !« id tin n n out j ti [lu.lt o\v l l.omul Hi I by Mtihh lint
III (he Hie oí il ty witl in ihe Icr o\\ c<lxc la whole lonnnuint/,
th y ^tnd °-\ ei c lo the tmiiwn enemy cm hint n natmo
ni towel' Huyan tnimuil an t too itliMOus' t> tcjotce
att'i vi oin.«iii their follow iiti? n--, buttlieyare neither 'too
to iaI u itoouhrfiou o at I shcfsic-uyto nctoiy An a"e
oi \ c ltcnci in cac! cbth ml isli swiull noteitace litis Rut
bl t ftotn the e^oun heunuf ho ton
This, sir, is a sample ot the Federal patuotism—
constitutional and patriotic, agreeable to legislative
enacimen's of the State of Massachusetts to which
I have referred I will not consume more of your
time in readin? from this volume to prove the op-
position of the Federalists to the wai, and having
shown that during that gloomy ponod they were
engaged in supplying the enemy with money arid
provisions, I shtU turn my attention to Mr Per-
kins and ihe Hartford Convention, the part be
took in getting up that Convention, and his en-
deavors to enforce us resolves It remains to
*how the objects and designs of its authors.
[Here Mr. T. was interrupted by Mr. Win-
throp of Mas?achutsetts, who called him to
order, alleging that it was out of order to dis-
cu«s the merits of the Hartford Convention
on this bill; but the Chair decided that Mr. Tor-
net was m order. Mr. Turne? then proceed-
ed, when he was again called to order for the same
cause. The Chair adhered to its former decision,
from which an appeal was taken, when a number
of Whig members alleged that it was out of order
to discuss the merits of the Hartford Convention on
this bill. Mr. Calhoun of Massachusetts then
rose and requested his colleague to withdraw his
appeal, remarking that the discussion was out of
order, but he hoped that the appeal would be -with-
drawn, and Mr Turnky permitted to conclude his
speech, and he expressed the further hope that none
of his colleagues would reply to it The appeal
was then withdrawn, and Mr Turnev proceeded ]
Mr. Chairman, is it not remarkable that I am se>
often interrupted by gentlemen in calling me to or-
der' and is it not more remarkable still, that in
every instance it is done by the Whig members ot
this House. Why is this? Have I attempted to
discuss party polities'! Have I not confined my re-
marks to the merit* of this bill'! Why are the Whig
members so exceedingly sensitive whenever the
subject of the Hartford Convention is mentioned?
Why shrink from this investigation'! Is it because
they shudder at the conduct of their own party, or
is it because they are apprehensive that the identity
will be shown and expressed of the modern Whigs
with ihe old Federal party, as it easily can be, and
often ha? been done? Where were the old Fede-
ralists in the late Presidential election? Were they
not all good and true Harrison Whigs! Mr.
Perkins voted for Harrison, the old Hartford Con-
vention Federalists voted for Harrison, and they
are now the leaders of the Whig paity coming
into power. They do not desire that the people should
know this, and hence their great uneasiness, when-
ever the subject is mentioned. On the contrary, it
is a part of their system to conceal their real de-
s gns, just as they did during the war; for exposure
is certain defeat ts their party. Sir, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr Calhoun] hopes that my
speech will not be replied to; no doubt of it; be-
cause he knows that my facts cannot be con-
troverted, and that the conduct of his party is in-
defensible. An attempt to reply weald confirm
my facts and give strength to my arguments: he is
therefore right in requeuing his colleagues to be
silent Now, sir, I will proceed to «how the object*
and designs oí the Hartford Convention, in doing
which I will not ask the House to 'ake my state-
ments, but will rexy upon the proof of others. I
wdl now read a letter of Mr. Aaron Wallis, who
is vouched for as a gentleman of high respectabi-
lity, and a woithy member of the church.
Here Mr Turkey read as follows:
'Sir Af er peí using Mi Parmenter's speech, in relation lo
the Ilartfo d Convention, I find a very important'part omitted
vv   the vi w the British took ol then assembling together
' Bung at that time at Halifax, a prisoner of war, at work,
with John Bhatswell, ol Sdeni, and Alexander Black, of New
\ ork, m the King's Stoi e, ,n the north side of the Parade, at
Melville 1st ind m the winter ol 181<1, one Major isickholife, or
r<u hoN ol the 90th or Wd legunent, (I think the 92d,)acung, as
was sud as tc stant quaiterma3tei general of his majesty's
luces uIIilifdY, came on to the island about 2 o'clock, ji m
Altei tiansactug some business with the loyal artilleryman,
with íelatifln lo the telegraphic tiags, &c he came into the store,
wheie Sshatswelt and my elf weie malving a chest of drawers,
art! Black a stetgh, all foi Captain Cutchett of the royal navy,
the ti mipoi t agent foi prisoners, and said 'Well, boys, what are
you a í' 'At woi k for the agent, su ' Aftet inquiring as to our
fare, tieatment, &<- he said, 'Wejl, boys, where do you belongs
bhatsw-ll and myself ha led from Salem, and Black lrom New
Yoik Howlong have you been here-*' We answeied accord-
in? to tun" when he immediately said to Shatswell and myself,
that we should be sent home in a few days, as the Nantucket
men had been Wo mquued the cause, and he immediately
sialed, that ' i convent or of delegates fiom the New England
States meet this day at Hartfoid, foi the puipose of withdraw
mg from the Union, and declaring then neutrality, when all the
New England men will be sent home, as the Nautucfeet men
have been, ltnmediatel} '
"We made inquiry how this was to be bl ought about, and^ie
íeplied, 'The whole ha« been arranged 'ihe fleet in Boston Bay
wilt watch a favf lab e wind, and appear off the light, when the
troops at South Boston will take np their line of march through
Boston for Charlestown, ostensibly for the protection of the
navvyard butinfactto pi event Commodoie Bainhndge from
shedding blood The fleetwill sail up past the Castle,without firing
a gun, and the troops at Charlotown will immediately march
into the navy yard, and the choice omceis, already selected,
will suirounl Commodore Bambridge, and say to him, Sir, do
youiselfno harm, you must not burn powder this day, and no
one will hurt you    The fleet will anchor offLong Wharf, ana
