Jan. Í841.                                 APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            99
■—~-------------------•—-———-------------- ■'"""i ■      ^ ^ ~   '      "—• ~~~    ■-----------------------------------------1-------~—-—*-———-—■———.—.—,--------------    i.  i.
26th Cong....2nd Sess.                                        Pre-emption Law—Mr.loung.                                                                     "Senate.
States avoided, the principle of graduation in the
price, and pre-emption to settlets secured, and a final
cession of such lands as shall have been in the mar-
ket,, and remain unsold for thirty years to the States.
It istrue, sir, that the Senator's [Mr. Chittenden's]
proposition embrace? the principle of pre-emption,
but with what limitation, and with what restrictions,
we know not, except as inferences may be drawn
from hi  own aigument and the arguments of gen-
tlemen who have tollowed his lead on this occasion.
His honorable colleague [Mr. Clay] said some
days ago in reference to, and in opposition to pre-
emptions; and attempted to prove by documentary
testimony, that much had been lost to the Treasury
m consequence of a departure from the old system
of selling all the lands m the first place at public
auction, and that he had been informed that many
of the pie-smptionTs had, by rushing out and
seizing upon the best lands, been permitted to pur-
chase lands worth ten, twenty, and thirty dollars
per acre, at the minimum price of one dollar and
twenty-live cents a  acre. Well, suppose thisstate-
msnttooe true, and, if so, ltmusthave betnmavery
limited extent, in the original settlement of a new
country, and what does it demonstrate' Nothing
more than that ihe lands were, in a great degree,
made thusvaluabie by the very settlement and culti-
vation of which the Senator [Mr. ClayJ complains.
It is by the pre-t motion policy that we secure these
occupants, wko ha\e incorporated their labor with
tie soil, m their possessions, against the more
■wealthy who buy on speculation, and against
■whom they could not be expected successfully to
compete, at public auction, ai.d place the lands in
the pioper hands of those whose occupation is to
cultivate them
But the honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] says, will you break up and destroy by such
measures, ibis old, well tried, and well approved
'and system, hitherto unchanged; that the flourish-
írg States of Ohio and Indiana have grownup
under its benign influence, that Illinois has doubled
her population in the last six years, and now has
near half a million of inhabitants under its fo ter-
tering care also, and concludes by asking emphati-
cally, are you not satisfied with your prosperity?
It is true, Mr President, that these States have
grown up, as well in population, as in. agneullural
improvement, and m irals, with an unexampled
degree of rapidity and procp rity It wa  in on-
scqtience of this prosperity, Mr President, that
Illinois, with her free white population, and liberal
principles towards foreigners, gave more vott s at
the late election for President than either Virginia
or Kentucky; not that she had more popula'ion, as
was erroneously stated in the sketch of the debates,
published a few days ago. But, sir, her march is
onwaid, and if her legislative guardians at home
shall promptly discharge their duty m the preser-
vation of her credit and her honor at home and
abroad, who cannot fore'ell that her destiny is no
less than that of an empire State.
But has the Senator [Wr. Clay] forgotten that
thii s)s's.tn of pre emp'ions for which we contend
commenced as far back as 1813, and that it has
been continued with but flight interruption ever
since, until it has slmost become a part of the sys-
tem of winch he speaks withM> much commendation?
and does he not know, that another important
change was made in this old and well approved
system, by the act of the 24 h April, 1820, from
a :redit to a cash system; and by a reduction in the
price of the land frem two dollars to one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre' And is it not a fact,
that this unexampled prosperity to which lie alludes
is in a sreat degree attributable to these very
changes, the pie-emption feature of which he now,
at tins late day, so much deprecates? Sir, what
said the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wessteb] in reply to the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr Clay] m the debate of J838 on this
same subjeet of pre emptions? Mr. Webster
said:
"The difference between the member fiom Kentucky [Mr
CtAYland myself on this occasion is plain and diotmct it is
precisely thi=,
' He i-> lit igtlhei against the pre emptire right lie is for
eairymg into opfistion ¡he kw asit stands, and forgivingitef
iectovel the Hilda on which these settlers live, mthe same way
ao over other public lands lie is lor putting all tnese lands up
to open auction, and selling them to the highest bidder, letting
the settler lake the consequence He says there should be an
auction, and a free auction, and he argues, with that consisten
cy and cohesion, of ideas which belongs io him, that if there is
to be a public auction, as he insists there ought to be, then
there must be, and ought to be, a perfectly free competition
That it should be as open to one manto bid as another, that no
man, or men, ought to be privileged or favored that it is ridi
culous to talk of an auction, at which one man may bid,
and another may not, or an auction, at which some bid
ders are told thatothers must have preference He, therefore,
is for a free sale, open to every body, and to be conducted in
that manner which shall ensure the receipt of the greatest sum
of money into the Treasury Now I say at once, plainly and
distinctly, that this is not my object I have othel views I
wish, in the first place, to preserve die peace of the frontiei,
and I wish, also, to pieserve anoWo protect the reasonable rights
of the settlers, because I think ffiey have rights which deserve
to be protected These are my objects Sir, if we could order
an auction here, in this city, or elsewhere, out of alt possible
control of thesettleis, and far from all fear of any lnfiuenceot
thens, and could theiesetl the lands they live on and their ím
provements, for their utmost value, and put the proceeds of
the whole into the Treasury, it would be the veiy last thing I
should ever do God forbid that I should make gam and profit
out of the labors of these settlers, and carry that gam
into the Treasury I did not suppose any man would desire
that I did not suppose there was any one who would con
sent that the mcieased value of these lands, caused by the
labor, the toil, and the sweat of the settleis, should be tuined
to the advantage ofthe National Treasury Certainly, certainly,
sir, I shall oppose all pioceedings leading to such a result
Yet, the member froti Kentucky has nothing to propose, but to
bell the lands-at auction for the most they will bring, at a sale
which he says ought to be pet fectly free and open to eveiy body,
and to carry the proceeds into the Tieasury let the sales go
on "hat is h>s doctrine Let the laws take their course, he says,
since we live under a Government of taws Have a sale, make
it fiee and open, and make the most of it Let the Government
take care that every body, who wishes to bid be as free to do so
as any other, and that no combination, 10 privilege, no pie emp
tion be suffered to exist
'"Vow sir, in my opinion, alt this is what we cannot do, if we
would, and what we ought not to do, if we could I do not he
heve we can have an auction, under existing circumstance,
such as the gentleman insists upon The known condition of
things renders it impossible The honorable member thinks
otherfti e lie v. ill not agree, he «ays, that hie P,esident, with
the militia and the army, cannot protect the authorities m mam
taming a fan and ope i sa e Su, iq itdifccreet i-* it pru lent, to
refer to such a recomse as that? Is it not srieatly wiser and
gieatlybe te>-, toiem >ve the occasion which m iy be dore with,
out injury to the Government, and in peifect e insistency with
the rights of others rathei than to thmk of =meh measures as
have beoia suggested?   Tor one, I disclaim all such policy "
But the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Critten-
den] proposes to grant pre-emptions exclusively to
those worth less than §1,000, for the sole purpose
" of accommodating the needy honest settlers and
cultivators of the soil. Well, sir, what is to be-
come of the poor and needy (to say nothing about
hene*ty) speculator under this arrangement? Mr.
President, if the Senator had known the situation
of many of these poor, needy, and I may add,
miserable speculators, I feel satisfied, from his
govdnéss of feeling, that he could not have found it
in bis heart to have proposed their exclusion from
the benefits of his system, of which chanty would
seem to have been the moving consideration.
Why, sir, of all the untortunate beings m the com-
munity, none commend themselves mere to our
sympathy and charity as a class, under existing
cucumstances, than these same proscribed specula-
tors in the public lands I believe, however, on
reflection, that they will most likely find their relief
under another proposition submitted by the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] (the bankrupt
•bill) which is pressing hard upon lh.8 bi 1 under con-
sideration, rather than und^r any system of pre-
emption whtch could be devised by the ingenuity of
gentlemen, and especially if the cmh principle
should be retained, as I assure the Senator that
most of them are very tender foo'ed on this subject
of cash payments just at the present time.
But, Mr President, is there no wason to fear-
that the Senator, in the fulness of bis sympathy
for these poor needy tillers of the soil, will, if his
proposition succeeds, do more mischief to that
class of individuals, than to any other, by his thou-
sand dollar restriction? Suppose, for instance, a
man of fifty >ears, with a large family of children,
and an unhealthy wile, should emigiate from Ken-
tucky to Illinois, for the purpose of making some
piovision for his children, ma new country, which,
fiom his saaniy means, he could not do in Ken-
tucky, and he should unfortunately happen to be
worth $1,050, would you exclude him from the
benefits of your system? Yes, sir, he is worth
fifty dollars too much, and if he desires to procure
good land, must buy second hand, at five, ten,
and fifteen dollars per acre, and yet there are
among the emigrants to the West thousands of
just such persons and families I never will, Mr.
President, gite my consent to any such pre-emp
tion'law. I desire that all socb laws may be fisee
and equal; that the rich and the poor, and those of
middle degree, may all fare alike, provided they
will settle down upon the land, and cultivate it.
Sir, I have lived through a period, although not
yet as gray as my old friend from Missouri {[Mr.
Link] and m reference to whom I use the -wfiid
friend as no common-place term, in which we have
had many ups and downs, in the way of hard times
and measures of relief; and ay experience has
been, with but few exceptions, that the "poor peo-
ple," as they are called, and for whose benefit these
measures of relief are ostensibly proposed to be
enacted, are, for the most part, the very persons
who suffer most by them, and have the least occa-
sion for their enactment. And such is the case
with your border people, who are represented here
as being "poor squatters," or rather "poor intru-
ders," upon the public lands. Sir, all they desire
by your legislation here is, that you shall do equal
justice to the rich and to the poor—by selling your
mud at one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre to
all who are willing to go upon and cultivate them.
At this price, the poor can compete with those who
are really rich, when they could not at the sales by
auction, and only desire that those who go first upon
the land shall have the preference m the purchase
of it. Mr. President, these squatters are the men
who are semper parali, always ready, at the day, to
pay their $200 for their 160 acres of land; while
the 'and dealer, or «peculator, m most cases, cao
purchase, or not purchase, as the banks, for the
time bf mg, happen to extend their accommodations
in that way or not. How is it with th  bankrupt
bill, which is pressing so closely uron our heel=>, as
a great measure of relief ? Io this intended for the
unfortuna'e poor man, or is it for a more favored
class of individuals' In this I believe, Mr. Presi-
dent, the thousand dollar principle works the other
way.
But, Mr. President, if this scheme for distribu-
tion succeeds, are we not in danger in the new
States, from the cupidity 'that may be excited m
the old States, to maks it exclusively a money
measure, with an eye single to the dividends, of
Vavmg the price raised upon us? But more than
this have we not just cause to fear that an attempt
rill be made to limit the settlements to such lands
only as shall be subject to private entry, ard that
our borderers are hereafter to be considered,
watched, and dealt with, as a band of lawliss de-
predators and trespassers? What, sir, said the Se-
nator from North Carolina [Mr. Manoum] on this
subject but a few short days ago? He said, if I re-
msmber, "that he had been informed that great de-
predations hud beei committed upon the public
lands in the West; that these trespasses were con-
sidered not only excusable, but honorable, by those
who committed them, and conc'uded by warning
the old States to watch this interest with increased
vigilance, and to adopt measures to prevent such
spoliations in future "
Thus, Mr. President, I suppose we are to have,
under this new guardianship, a cordon of spies, or
common informer , upon our frontier—perhaps
one from each of the old S'ates—the settlers are to
be driven off, nolens volens, by a military force, if
necessary—their cabins burnt down—their crops
cut up and deitrojed, and themselves subjected to
fine and imprisonment, or other pains and penal-
ties, if they should happen to cross over the border,
and cut a few logs for a cabin, make a few rails to
fence a truck patch, or even cut down a board or a
bee tree, although it may be considered "honora-
ble" among backwoodsmen, in accordance with the
public sentiment generally, and in conformity with
the immemorial usage of the country. Sir, 1st me
tell thst Senator that such a system of espomage
upon the citizens ofthe new States, hitherto unpre-
cedented, or any other system of that character,
will never be submitted to.
Mr. Prenden', as the honorable Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Manoom] seems to thmk but
li'tle of the morals of our pioneer p pulation, on
account of their honorable trespasses upon the public
lands, as he is pleased to teim them, I beg leave
to set htm right, and to quiet his apprehensions on
that subject, by referring to the honorable testuno-
ny ofthe Senator irom Massachusetts, voluntarily
