100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Young.
Senate.
accorded, m behalf of the settlers m the West,
shortly after be had made a visit to that countr>,
and when their character, on a like occasion to the
present, had been called in question here. Mr.
Webster said:
"Much has been «aid of the general character of the settlers
I have no extensive information, sir, on that point, and had not
intended to say any thing upon it But it has bo happened that
1 have recently been in the Northwest, and has e met, for a
ehorl time, with many -of these settlers; and, since they have
been spoken  f here with so much harshness, I feel bound to
«ay that, so far an my knowledge of them goes, they do not de
««tveIt Undoubtedly, air, they are trespassers m the contem.
plationoflaw They know that very well They aie on the
public lands without title, but then they say that the com se of
the Government heretofore has been such as to induce and en
courage them to go where they are, and that they aie ready
and willing to do all that Government has required from others
mamilar circumstances, that is, to pay for the lands at the
common price They have the general character of frontiers
me  they aie hardy, adventurous, and enterprising They
have come from far, to establish themselves and lamines m new
abodes m the West They appeared to me to bo industrious
and laborious, and I saw nothing in then chai acter or conduct
that should justly draw upon them expressions of contumely
and reproach. 
Bilí, Mr, President, this plan or restricting the
sales, and of consequence the settlements, to such
lands only as shall, for the time being, be subject to
private entry, is no new doctrine. As far back as
December, 1829, now eleven years ago, Mr. Foot,
of Connecticut, then a Senator on this floor, intro-
duced a resolution intruding the Committee on
Public Lands to inquire into ihe expediency of li-
miting the sales of the public laud* for a certain
period to such only as had been before that lime of-
fered for sale, and subject to private entry at the
minimum price, and also whether the office of Sur-
veyor General might not be abolished without detri-
ment to the public interest This, sir, was a dis-
tinct proposition, coming from a distinguished Se-
nator from &n old State, not only to restrict the
sales to the lands subject to private enlry, but to stop
ihe surveys, and even to abolish ihe office of Sur-
veyoy General, *o ihat no more could be made in
ftstoe. Here, then, we hate an exemplification of
the record of what we of the new Slates may ex-
pect, if the oíd should once fairly get their clutches
apon these public lands. Yes, Mr. President, here
was a proposition which, if it had been adopted,
would have put an end to all the inducements to
emigration. The operatives (as ihey are called)
would have remain? d in the manufactories, < r as
tenants and dependants m iomc form to their more
wealthy neighbors, m the old Siaie^, and all ihe fa-
cilities for the extension of oui settlements and im-
provement of the country broken up and utterly de-
stroyed*. And not only so; for we shall soon ha\e
claims set up, under a variety of pretences, to cer-
tain rateable proportions of ih's great trust fund,
(as it has bien calleJ,) in the way of back
rations, wit'i a just victo, doubtless, of equalisation,
in respect to ihe lands which have been granted to
the neto States for internal improvements and the
purposes of education; and for this, also, we are
not without precedent As far back as January,
1821, Mr, Lloyd, of Massachusetts, then a member
of this body, submitted for consideration a resolu-
tion instructing the Commitu-e on Public Lands to
inquire into the expediency of granting land for the
purpose of education within the limits of the o¡<¡
States, corresponding with the appropriations which
had been made for ihe "¡ame object within the
limits of the neto States Had that Senator foigot-
ten ihat these lands for school purposes were grant-
ed by virtue of compacts, and in consequence of a
valuable consideration, on the part of the new
States, and were not mere donations'! And what
was that consideration'! Take ihe Slate ot Illinois-
for example Congress agrees, on the part of the
United States, that section No. 16, in every town-
ship, shall be reserved for the use of schools; to
grant to the State all salt springs, and the lands re-
served for the use of the same, five per cent, of the
nett proceeds of the sales of the public land* within
the State; two-fifths to be disbursed by Congress in
making roads to the State, and three-fifths by the
State L&gislature for the encouragement of learn-
ing; and an enure township of land for a universi-
ty. For whsch favors, Illinois agrees, on her part,
that she will exempt from taxation all lands sold
after the 1st of January, 1819, for five years all
lands granted for military bounties for three years
from me date of the patent^ and that she would
not tax the lands of non-residents higher than those
of residents. This was the consideration, and
what dops it amount to? According to the report
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
the amount of money received on account of sales
of the public lands, in that State, into the national
Treasury, is stated at ¿14 207,046, the number of
acres sold at $1 25 per acre, would be 11,305,636.
These land , if subject lo taxation from tne day
of sale, at two cents per acre per annum, which
corresponds with the rate of taxation in that
Slate, including the road tax, would, in five years
produce to the State ihe sum of $1,136 560. The
quantity of land appropriated for military bount es
is slated at about 3 500,000 acres This, at Hie
same rate of taxation for three years, would amoun
to «210,000, making together the sum of $1,346 560,
and this system of exemption from taxes is sti.l
going on part passu with the sale of the Uuds, and
is applicable to the ntneíeen millions of acres still
unsold in that State. And what amount of lands
has been granted to Illinois, for various purposes,
internal improvement, education and all, in consi-
deration of this exemption! Why, sir, according
to the Commissionei's report, from which I have
quoted, 1,537,317 acres up to January 1st, 1840;
and I believe, if we may judge from the "signs oí
Ihe times" here, that we have received but precious
htile since, with a very gloomy prospect for the
hereafter. These facts, I trust, Mr Piesidcnt, will
put to rest this question of equalization, At least as it
regards the State oí Illinois, as I think that all
unprejudiced men will agree, to use a Wall street
expression, that we have grantel a pretty broad
margin to Uncle Sam for all the favors and pri-
vileges he has conferred, to say nothing of our re
framing to tax all the lands for an indi finite period
of time, during the continuance of their ownership
by the United States.
The operation of the proposition of the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr Calhoun] will be, to
avoid all occasion for conflict of jurisdiction be-
tween the United States authorities an 1 th(-> e of
the new States. And this, Mr President, is, in
theory if not in practice, and a theory which may
be practised upon, a most important consideration.
The act of Congress of March 3d, 1807, authoriz-
ing ihe President to cause the settlors on the publ c
linds to be removed, is ¡>'iU unrepeded. That act
provides, "that the President of the United States
may direct the marshal, and employ the military
force to remove person;, (squatters of nurse) un-
lawfully taking possession of ihe public 11 idi until
thereunto authorized by law," &c. And the Sena-
tor from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] moists that it should
be enforced at least as to the unsnrveyed lands, if
not a? it regards all lands unul they are first
brought into market, and offered at public auelion,
in such manner as to secure a fjir competition at
the sales. And he predicts in such an evert, that
many of them, which are now sold lo the sqaatters
under our prt-emption laws, at |l 35 per acie,-
would sell for 10,20, and even as high as $30 per
acre Now, Mr. President, there are m Ihe Slate
of Illinois 4 322,171 acres of land as jet unsur-
veyed—a very considerable amount ot that which
is surveyed has not as yet been brought into mar-
ket Tnese lands are situated in the Northern part
oí the State—embracing much, if not the whole, of
what is calied the Rock river county—and most of
them that are desuable are settled upon by theap
same "squatters." Well, st, the State proceeds m
virtue of her sovereignty, as she has done, to district
the entire State into counties to establish seats of
justice for these counties, directs courts of jast.es
to be held in them, p'ovides for the appointment
of sheriffs and constab'es; and for the organiza-
tion of the mililia; and whatever t be is necessary
to put Ihe machinery of the body politic in motion.
Now,sn, taks one of these counties m which the
public lands are unsurveyed, or, if eurveyed, have
not been brought into market, but which, neverthe-
less, is settled and giving Us thousand votes at our
elections; and suppose that, under th s law of 1807,
to which I have alluded, er any o'her law that
Congress, in Us wisdom, may see fit to pass upon
the subject of preventing trespasses, the President
should direct the marshal of the Stale t  remo ve these
persons as trespassers, and to use a military force,
if necessary, in their expulsion; and «oppose still
further, thai the circuit court of the county should
happen to be in session when ihe marshal, with tya
military posse, went to execute the mandate, and
the marshal should, in obedience to his oiders, say
to the sheriff, or to the judge upon ihe bench, Gen-
tlemen squatters, in the name of the Ut ited States,
I anest you as trespassers upon the public lands!!
Sir, the tmng is impracticable. You cannot, and
you ought i>ot to be permitted, if jou had the
power, to execute any such law. I know that I
have put a strong ca^e, but it is, nevertheless, one
which might ar,se,if Congiess ehould, at any time,
attempt to enforce such laws within the jurisdic-
tional limits of an organized sovereign State of this
Union. Tne Senator fiorn South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] proposes to avoid any such conflict of
jurisdiction, by placing the lands at once under the
supenntendtncy of the States, to which they re-
spec ively appertain, where of right it should be-
long. With the right of pre-emption, the Senator
from South Carolina proposes graduation and re-
duclion in the price, and a final cession of the re-
fuse lands to the States.    His proposition is:
"That the minimum price, ai now fixed by law, shall remain
unchanged until the thirtieth day of June aforesaid, but, after
thatpenod, the puce maybe leducedby thewiitesrespectively,
aixoiding to the followingscale, all lands thei Eofore offered at
public sale, and then remaining unsold ten yeais or upward,
preceding the thirtieth day of June aforesaid, may be reduced
by saul States to a puce not less than one dollar per acre, and
all lands that may have been offered at public sale, and remain
nig unsold fitieen years or upward, preceding the said thirtieth
diyoflune, eighteen hundred and fouy two, may thereafter
be reducotl by said States to a price not less than seventy five
cents per acre, and all lands that may have been offered at
public sale, and lemaming unsold twenty years or upward,pro
ceding the ^aid ihu licth day of June, eighteen hundied and for
ty tw i may then be reduced by said Mates to a pr,ce not less
than fifty cents per acre, and all lands that may have been offer
ed at public sale, and remaining unsold twenty five yeais or up
waid, preceding tho said thirtieth day of Jure, eighteen hun.
drtd and foriy two, may fhereaftei bt reduced by said States to
a puce not, less than twenty five cents per acre, and all lands
that m ly have been offered at public sale, and i emaining unsold
thirty yeais or upward pieceding the said thirtieth da> of June,
eighteen hundied and forty two, shall be ceiled immediately to
the &tates in which said lands are situate Provided, That all
lands which shall remain unsold after having been offered at
public sale foi ten years, and which do not come under the
above provisions, shall be subject to the provisions of pre emp
turn, graduation, and disposition aforesaid, at the respective pe
nod, of ten, fifteen, twenty, twenty five, and thnty years, after
said sale, commencing from the expiration often yearsafler the
same had been offered at public sale "
In reference to this subject he [Mr. Calhoun]
say^:
"That the occupants of the public lands paitake of the feeling
that the same price ought not to be exacted for the mlerior a 
foi the good lands They are unwilling to give for the inferior
lands, which for the most part they occupy, SI 25, when a
small part only of the best lands offered for sale would com-
mand that price and lee] that they have something like justice
on then side in not giving so high apiice lor their possessions
"Ihii feeling must be mel, and it is pioposed to meet it by
the provisions for graduation and pieemption which I have
just stated, a policy so hbeial towaids a large, though a poor
class, not Ilbs honest and patriotic than the rest of the commu-
nity, cou'd not fail to have a happy effect, not only in reference
to them, but in a more enlarged pointof view Oneofthe most
important would be the gieat increase of the number of small
freeholders, which, m the hour of dangei, would prove of vast
importance, espeuallv in he weaker portion of the Union—in
the Southwestern States—where the provision would havethe
gl eateat effect it would be the class that would furnish the bar
¡best and best soldieis, with the idvantage of being inuied to
the climate Combined and modified as they would be, they
cannot but have a powerlul weight in inducing the occupant to
purchase It will v, ork a íevolution in his chararter He will
legaid himself, on his little domain, more a freeholder than a
sqatter, and ae the price m the descending scale or graduation
ap^io^ches the price that lands, euch as he occupies would sell
foi his industry and economy will be exerted to be prepared
with the requisite means to make the purchase The' liberal
character of the policy would impress lam with deep feelings
of respect foi the justice and care of the Í3 ivernmpnl, and the
security it would afford would put an end to the espiü de corps,
which otheiwise would be so strong, and all, combined with
the influence of tho States on the side of the Government, would,
1 feel confident, guard effectually against the dangei of losing
th* lands, as far as the occupants are concerned, in theonly way
that would be piacticable "
1 understand, Mr. President, that the lands in
your State (Kentucky) belonging to the State,
south of the Tennessee river, have been gradually
reduced from fifty cents down to twelve and a half
cents, or as they call it in that State, nine pence, to
the acre Now, will the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Crittknden] require mordí from us of the
new States lhan is exacted from the people of bis
own State. And will not the same rule which will
apply to the inferior lands in Kentucky, apply with
equal force to land-* of the same quality in Illinois,
separated as they are by the Ohio river only, and
inhabited by the same kind of people? Sir, it is
a bad rule which will not work both ways,
