APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
186
26th Cong ."2nd Sess.
districts, and the circuit courts, and oth'r courts of
the United States, of similar jurisdiction in crimi-
nal causes, in each district of the united States, m
■which any offender against this act shall bs first ap-
prehended, or brought for tria!, shall have, and
hereby are invested with, full power and auiho-
rrty to hear, try, and punish, all crimes offences,
and misdemeanors, agarau this act; such courts
proceeding in the jame manner as if such crimes,
offences, and misdemeanors had been committed
withm the bounds of their respect've district"
SPEECH OF MR. BUCHANAN,
OF PENNSilVAMA,
In Senate, Friday, January 22, 1841—In defence of
the administration of Mr, Van Buren against the
charge of extravagance in expending the  public
money.                             '•
Mr. BUCHANAN rose toj answer each of the
four specific charges of extravagance which had
been made by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr
Cbittenden] against the present Administration
That Senator had called upon him personally to
make this answer, and he undertook the ta k with
pleasure, not believing it to be one of much diffi-
culty. Before, however, he should apply himself
directly to this work, he would take the liberty of
making some preliminary observations
And in the first place, said Mr B permit me to
observe, that I, at least, have never introduced in-
to this Senate, as topics of debate, "log cabin*,
hard cider, and coon skms," nor have I ever made
an observation here which could be tortured into a
reflection upon euher the integrity or intelligence oí
the people of the United S ates for having elected
General Harrison their Pie<ndcnt The Senator
from Kentucky has promptly and frankly dis-
claimed any intention of imputing to me such a
charge, and with this I am entirely satisfied The
people are the only legitimate sovereigns of this
OQuntry, and however much I may regret thsir re
cent decision of the Presidential question, I ¡>hall
never, either here or elsewhere, indulge myself m
the use ot reptoachtul language against them fir
this or aiy o hti camp
If I kn w mys li,sml Mr B I cime to Con-
gress in December last with the dcsiii. an I with t'u
expectation that this would prove to be a bis m>s
session It was my sinceie wish that the political
excitement which his recently agi a ed fhi people
and haw extended to every portion ot t! e hml,
might, for the present, be suffered to subside, and
that we might bring up the arrears of business
with which we are now encumbeied I had not
the most distant idea that thi chamber woul 1 again
bo soon be converted into a rntrf prlitual arena
Ac.iog nnler a serse of duty, 1 have at named
from politual corfl els since the c nmu<onnent of
the present session, exospt when compelled to en'er
the lists m th" necessary defence of myselt or oí
my party I hi\ e maje no assaults, and have
genera'ly been a u ere lis ener.
I had another reason for refraining from any par-
ticipation in the dtbite now before the Senate I
knew that the question oí the distribution of the
proceeds of the public lauds was before ihe Legis-
late  of my own State, anJ that I might be m-
structed on the subject, and, as I shall ever en-
tertain and express the utmost deference and re-
spect for that Legislature, whatever political party
may be in the majority, I thought that a proper
sense of delicacy required me lo abstain from dis-
cussing this question.   Í have not, therefore, said,
i The President—Mr. Buchanan.
nor do I now intend to cay, a s ngie word upon that
subject-and I shall either give my vote accoidmg
to these instructions, should they pas , or resign my
seat I am not the man wh", af er having enjoyed
the sunshine of political favor, will shrink from
the storm. I long since, from the deepest convic-
tion, adopted the principle that the representative
was bound by the instructions of his constituent .
I consider it essential to the wholesome action of a
free, Democratic Republican form of Government,
and having publicly avowed this doctrine at a pe-
riod when there appeared to be but little probabili
ty that it could ever reach myself, I shall not dis-
avow it in the day of apparent gloom and adversi-
ty.   I am willing to abide the fate of war.
For a similar reason, I might even have refrained
from advocat ng the passage ef the pre emption
bill, dear ps ¡t now is, and ev>r has been to me,
had I then known that the instructions before the
Legislature of Pennsylvania embraced th-s subject,
as well as that of the distribution of the proceeds
of the public lands. I am glad, howevei, now to
find, that even the Senator from Kentucky himself
[Mr CruTTFNDEN] is in favoi of the principle of
pre-emption, and has ac ually incorporated it with
that of distribution in his motion now before the
Senate. This lenders it certain, that if ever a dis-
tribution bill should pas?—and from the signs oí the
times I consider such a result probabl"—the poor
man, who has expended his toil in erecting an
humble dwelling, and cultivating the «oil sha'l not
be driven fiom his home on the public lands of the
far West, provided h  is willing to pay the Govern-
ment price for too quarter section which he has
selected and improved
For one, it was both my des gn and my desire,
so far as I was concerned, to devote this session to
the neces'ary business of the country, and to wait
patiently until General Ilmrison should  et into
power. I shall then judge the fee by its fruits,
without any predetermination to oppose his mea-
sures I am bound, n uwithstan ling, in candor, to
declare, that if he en " an the opinion of his
uieml liom Kentucky, [ ill rniiTFNní n,] in rc-
gi'd io a Nitionil 13 ink, ht [ icneial Hdii sot ]
beheves tint to be a great gio I, which I consider
one of the greatest ivils wluch can befall the coun
try Without, at pre e V, allu ling to its fa'&l poli-
tical consequences, I believe tint in a mere finan-
cial point < f view, it would prove d'S'ructive to
our prosperity la ofd r to ob'ain a specie capital
for sweh an mMitu ion, you m ist cithei rum or
e sent ally nipple our State banks, or you must
nl)pt iht  alterant ve of borrowing specie abroad,
and cre.x inf a n->uonil debt fi i th s purpose One
or other of th s a'ternatives is inevitable, and the
eountiy is not in a con It on 'o resort to euner,
wi hoot .jreit inj uy to the peop'e But enough of
thi tor the present I ittura to the subject with
which I c ¡mmenced
I shall now proceed to show that the charge of
extravagance whicn has been so often made and re-
iterated against the present Administra! on bj both
the Senator-v from Kentucky, [Missr  Crittí.ndí,n
and Clay,] is without founda'ion It will be for
the Senate and the country to decide whether Í shall
have succeeded
It will be recollected that in the month of May
last, a report was made by the Secretary of the
Treasury m obedience to a resolution of the Senate
en the subject of the annual expenditures of the
fLOBE.                                 Jan. 1841.
Senate.
Federal Government daring the fifteen preceding
years. From that rep >rt it appears, tl at the ordi-
nary expenses of this Government, which m 1824
amounted to a little more than seven millions one
hundred thousand dollars, had been gradually in-
creasing until the year 1839, when they a little ex-
ceeded thirteen millions and a quarter. I mean by
"ordznrny expenses," the money annually disbuised
in ma ntammg the permanent civil, military, and
naval establishments of the country, and embracing
e/evy expenditure necessary to conduct the Govern-
ment prosperously in time ot pea-e. Now, m re-
gard to this c'ass of expenditures, I have never
heard any Senator on either side of the House com-
plain of their amount, or tha' they had risen from
seven to thirteen millions of dollars between 1824
and 1839 Dirmg this period, a number of new
State, have been admitted into the Union, and seve-
ral new Territories ciealed—'he army and navy
ha/e both been considerably menased, and the ex-
penses of Congiess have of late years become enor-
mous, requiring reform more than ary other braneh
of the Government. Oui expenditures must neces-
sity increase with the growth of the country, but
it ought to be our care that this increase shall be as
slow as possible, and never proceed beyond what is
absolutely necessary for the public service.
We might with as much reason expect that the lit-
tle garment which was sufficient to cover the child
of eight or ten yt ars oí asre, would prov sufficient
to piotecthim from the wind and tie storm after
he had grown to b  a giant, as aigue that the "or-
dinary exp-n-es" of the Government should not
have increaceJ with th" rapul, nay the unex-
ampled growth of the nation during the last fif-
teen years. Nothing has been said against these
expenses, either m the aggregate or in detail, since
they were brought to the attention of gentlemen
by the Secretary's report. It is, then, fair to pre-
sume that nothing can be urged against a single
item of them On this triumphant result, I am
most happy to have it in m/ power to congratu-
late the fi len is of the present Administration
The Secret".vy of the Tr asuiy in the same re-
po t to i hi h Í lave reftired, also, pi"s«nted an
annual statement of the expense  "of an extraordi-
nary or temporary craracter," from 1824 to 1839,
both 5 ears íncla-ive arranged under different heads
When this report came into th- Senate in the
month ot May hst, bith the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr Bfntin] and myse'f called vpon the
gentlemen on the opposite side to point out a single
item of extravagance amo lgst aH the^e expendi-
tures of the Goiernm-nt, whether ordinary or ex-
traord nary No' one of them * ?s ihen bo'd enough
evin to mak* the attempt. Our challenge was not
m t. And now I would ask trie S nator frcm
Kentucky [Mr Critti \DF\]on whom ought the bui-
den of the prrof oí extravagance to íesi? Would ne
require the fcitnds of tie Admin s iation to go over,
item by item, all the ten thousand items of expendi-
ture wh ch h?ve b en submitted m a distinct form
to Congre s, pnd shoiv hat in eieh particular in-
stance there 15a- no extravagance' Th s wi uld,
as that honorable Senatcr well knows, be reversing
all the rules of common law, as well as of common
s-nse We present to the Senators m opposition a
clear and distinct account m detail of the expenses
of the Government, and it is manifestly their duty,
if they believe there has been extravagance
in any item, to lay their hand upon it and show
