Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONALGLOfiE.
W
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
The President—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
wherein the extravagance consists. This they
cannot do, or they would long since have
accepted our challenge. They are, therefore,
driven to condemn in the aggregate, although they
can find no fault with any of the details of which
this aggregate is composed. They exclaim that the
Administration has been extravagant, because it
has expended one hundred aad thirty millions of
doliars in four years, whilst they do not point out
in what manner it would have been possible to have
. reduced this expenditure. It is true that at this
late day the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Chitten-
den] has denounced four particular items of the ac-
count as extravagant; but I think I shall prove, be-
fore I sit down, that he has been less wise and wary
than his colleague, [Mr. Clay,] in descending from
generals to particulars.
I do not deny but that the "extraordinary ex-
penses" of the Government have been very large
during the last four years. But whether these ex-
penditures were great or small, is not the question.
Were they inevitable? Could they have been
avoided by any human prudence or foresight on the
part of the Executive or his friends in Congress?
Was not each of the treaties and acts of Congress
under which these expenditures were necessarily in-
curred, sanctioned and sustained by the very Sena-
tors who n w condemn them in the aggregate?
These are the true questions.
These "extraordinary expenses" must, from the
nature of thing", vary with the ever varying condi-
tion oí the country. Our circumstances are chang-
ing with every changing year. Some 3 ears ago,
the nation was gliding along on the smooth current
of prosperity, and requiring but little above the or
dinary expenditure necessary to keep the Govern-
ment in regular motion. Not so, since the present
President cams into power. It has been his mis-
fortune, that, during the period of his administra-
tion, heavy expenses, of an extraordinary charac-
ter, which he could not have avoided, were ren-
dered absolutely necessary, whilst the revenue of
the Government ha; been greatly reduced, by causes
equally beyond h;s control. Is it not, then, the
most crying injustice—is it not the strangest accusa-
tion in the world, to charge the man who happened
to take the helm of State when the country was in-
volved in such difficulties, with extravagance,
merely because he was compelled to execute trea-
ties and laws which had received the sanction of
all political parties in Congress?
Under such circumstances, ought he to be de-
nounced because the necessary expenses of Go-
vernment happened to exceed, under his Admi-
nistration, those which were incurred under his
predecessors.? True economy in a Government
does not consist in hoarding money like the miser,
and doing no good with it; but in applying it,
with a provident hand, to the accomplishment of
such objects as are necessary to the defence and pros-
perity of the country. After these objects of ex-
penditure have been designated by Congress, Ex-
ecutive economy consists in accomplishing them at
the cheapest rate possible. This is the only economy
which can be practised by the President; and if
he has neglected this duty in any particular in-
stance he would be liable to censure; but not
otherwise.
In order to swell the expenditures of the last
four years to one hundred and thirty millions,
Senators have  included items   not only of the
most unjust, but of the mosi ridiculous character.
I shall enumerate a few of them.
One large item in this amount was for money
expended upon the public buildings. Is there a
single member of the Senate who either raised his
voice, or gave his vote against the appropriations
for this purpose? The money expended on these
buildings atone during the period of the present Ad-
ministration, amounts to between four and five mil-
lions. I have not added up the sum; but it is
certainly not less than four millions. And yet
these appropriations made by Congress, without
distinction of party, are converted into an item of
extravagance against Mr. Van Buren!
Then there was the money expended in the pay-
ment of pensions, amounting to upwards of ten
millions of dollars. Had the Adminisiration any
control over this expenditure? These pensions were
granted by a grateful cenntry to those who had
defended it in the perilous times which tried men's
souls, and who are now the feeble and broken re-
lics of a past age, dependent on the public bounty
for their support. Congress has also granted pen-
sions to such widows of old soldiers, as in the days
of the Revolution remained at home, and attended
to their families whilst their husbands went forth
to the battle field. Be this right, or be it wroner,
had the present Administration any agency in
granting these" pensions? Did not Congress pass
these laws; and did not the Senator from Kentucky
vote for them? I do not know the fact, because it
is not my practice to examine the journals for the
purpose of ascertaining ho«r individual members
may have voted; but I do know, from the nature
of the man, that he TMr. Crittenden] is one of
the last members of the Senate who would vote
against such pensions. And yet, strange to say,
the payment of these very pensions to old so'tliers
and their' widows, by the Treasury, is one of the
items of extravagant expenditure charged against
Mr. Van Buren's administration; and the aggre-
gate ci $130,000,000 composed of such items as
these has been spread over the whole country, in
order to alarm tV.e fear* of the people.
Again. There was the expense of extinguish-
ing the Indian title within the States and Territo-
ries of the Union, and of removing the Indians
west of the Mississippi, which amounted to more
than ten millions of dollars. Are the present Ad-
ministration to blame for this expenditure? Could
the President have avoided it, after the Senate had
ratified the treaties under which it was incurred?
No Senator on this floor will say that he could. He
had no discretion whatever on the subject; but was
obliged to execote these treaties and the laws made
in pursuance of them. How unjust is it, then, to
put down this item in the aggregate of one hun-
dred and thirty millions of dollars expended by
the present Administration!
I might, if Í pleased, pass in review all the other
heads of extraordinary expenditure detailed by the
Secretary of the Treasury in his report, and show
that it was impossible for the President to avoid
any one of them. He can exercise no dispensing
power. He must obey the acts of Congress and
treaties; and these laws and treaties were of such
pressing necessity as even to have disarmed opposi-
tion, and to have received the votes of the political
enemies, as well as of the friends of the Adminis-
tration. I may well spare myself this trouble; as
not one of these items of expenditure has ever
been questioned by any Senator upon this floor. It
is true, they exclaim, you have spent one hundred
and thirty millions of dollars, and this is enormous;
but they make no attempt to show how it was pos-
sible for the President to have reduced this amount.
There are two or three items embraced within
this aggregate, of a character so extraordinary as to
deserve more than a mere passing notice. In the
Secretary's report, the indemnities amount to be-
tween six and seven millions of dollars. _ What
are these indemnities? General Jackson, during
his prosperous Administration, succeeded in obtain-
ing satisfaction for all the old claims which our citi-
zens had against foreign Governments. He got
nearly five millions from France; and I do not
recollect precisely how much from Denmark,
and other nations. At all events, he left us
a clear score, and the enjoyment of peace with
all foreign nations. Now, according to the terms
of the treaties, these indemnities, obtained from
foreign Governments for our own citizens,
were paid into the Treasury for their use, and
were of course paid out of the Treasury to them 
as soon as it was ascertained how much each one
was entitled to receive; and yet, strange as it may
seem, these very payments from the Treasury con-
stitute a large item of the aggregate of one hun-
dred and thirty millions, about which we have
heard so much. This sacred trust fund, which
was acquired for our citizens by the most efficient
and persevering exertions—this very fund, which
waifairly distributed amongst those entitled to re-
ceive it, has thus been converted into a charge of
extravagance to its full amount against Mr. Van
Buren, simply because it was paid out of the Trea-
sury during hi* administration. This item shows
conclusively why the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] goes for footing?, and not for particulars.
Is this fair towards the present Administration? If
it were, then had General Jackson succeeded in
obtaining twenty millions more from foreign na-
tions, Mr. Van Buren, who disbursed the money,
would hive bsen twenty millions more extrava-
gant; and the gentleman might hsve exclaimed,
"you have expended one hundred and fifty mil-
lions of dollars, instead of one hundred and thirty."
In making out these debtor and creditor accounts
of extravagance, will any man say that it was
either jutt or proper to chrirge such an item as this
against the retiring Adminisiration?
I should hav? been rejoiced if the subject of the
expenditures of the present Adminisiration had not
again been introduced until after the accession of
General Harrison, because (her, as the Senator
[Mr. Ci.ay] say:', the books and papers will be in
the possession of his friends. They will then be
enabled to search thnss books and papers to their
heails' content; and, for one, I now give them fair
notice, that should I be permitted to remain in the
Senate, I shall call upon them, when they have all
the official documents in their power, to make good
the- charge of wasteful extravagance against Mr.
Van Buren's administration. This is due to them-
selves, as well as to that portion of the American,
people who have been deluded into the belief that
the present Administration has been guilty of a
prodigal and wasteful expenditure of the public
money.
Another most extraordinary charge against Mr.
Van Buren, embraced within the aggregate of one
hundred and thirty millions, is that of more than
