NDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             Jan. 1841.
toé______________________APPE
S6th Coy&--"3ND Sess.__________________
twenty miljions paid oat of the Treasury m dis-
charge <5f the na tunal debt. Now, str, observe
the gross injustice of this charge The Adminis-
tration are first charged with all the expenditures
which rendered it necessary to create a debt by the
issue of Treasury note=, and afterwards, a? this
debt was discharged, they are again charged the
second time with the amount paid to the public
creditors. According to this mode of stating the
account, an Admiaistration is first charged with, I
shall say, twenty millions of dollars for public ex-
penditures. Their necessities require them to bor-
row these twenty million?. They then pay ihe bor-
rowed money, and this discharge of the debt is
twenty millions more expended, and swells the
total to forty millions instead of twenty, although
this last sum is palpably the whole amount ex-
pended. As a further illustration, let me suppose
a case. The Senator from Kentucky employs an
agent to build him a house which shall cost ten
thousand dollars, and directs him to borrow the
money on his (the Senators) credit The agent
borrows the money and builds the house, and after-
wards discharges the debt from the proceeds of the
Senator's estate What would be thought of lm
justice, if the Senator were to brand ihis ?gent with
extravagance, and say, you have expended twenty
thousand dollars of my money when I autho-
rized you to expend but ten? You have first paid
out ten thousand dollars m the erection of my
house, and, shameful extravagance' you have
squandered ten thousand dolhrs more in discharg-
ing the debt which I author ?ed you to contract.
And yet this is the meisme of justice which the
Senator would apply to the present Presi lent of the
United States as the agent of the people
Now, fortunately foi Ihiscoumrj, neuher the
present nor any future President o! the United
States can be justly charged with extravagant ex-
penditures, except in few cases, thould Congress
do their doty Under the Constitution, not one
dollar of pabuc money can ever be drawn fiom
the Treasury, "but in constqnenj of appropria-
tions made by law " In most instances, Congress
appropriates  the prrc vt, iitmwh eh, undrr existing
laws, is required foi eio'i spe^nl pu pose, And the
Secretary ol the Tieasury in iely pays < ut the e
sums as their agent. Nutbei ho noi ih Pre.idi nt
cin. make these payments either greater or le«s
Stnee the origin ot the Government, the public
Treasury has been protecte i by this constitutional
guard.
Bat the present Administraron have done more
than all their predecessors i > secure the public mo
ney m the hands of ou v< ivmg a>d disburs ig
agents Hitherto, w iiKt h p >or vretch who
stole five dollars to grata, t ¡e c in ¡?s o huiger,
was doomed to he penueitia-}, ihe public officer
who sqnai d^rcd ihe publir moae/ enuiistul to hi- 
care, or fled with it to a f irei->n countiy, was hel 1
to have committed a mere '«reach of tru t,and
escaped without arj p imshment whatever The
much abused Independent F ex ury lw, ivh ch is
SOW about to be r pea'c 1, w trie fi-st act o( legis-
lation wh ch ever m ii-tcd any p injshment upon
public officers for plard tj ire pnbuc monej
Under its provisions, uich i i. une is nade fdonj,
and the culprit is consigned to t it lour walls of ihe
penitentiary, mstsad of be  g ent on a mi sion to
London or Pain, to revel m luxury there on tne
spoils of tha public, and to enjoy the pleasures of
The President—Mr. Buchanan.
"good society " But the decree has gone forth,
and thi* law is to be repealed by the new Adminis-
tration.
The President of the United States can only be
guilty ef extravagance by recommending and by
influencing hs friends in Congress to adopt useless
and extravagant projects not necessary for ths
public gx>d, or where, from the nature of the case,
a general appropriation must be made to accom
plish a particular purpose, by not appljung this
money, necessarily subjected to his discretion, wuh
a wise and proper eeonomy.
Gentlemen may test the expenditure? of the pre-
sent Administration by any reasonabl- rule which
they please, and ascertain whether any of them
could have been avoüed. There they are, spread
upon the record of the American Senate in the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, anl there
they have been ever since May last, subject to the
inspection and scrutiny of each American Senator,
and what has been the result? At this late period,
after the Presidential election has been decided, the
Senator from Kentucky now, for the first time,
makes four specific charges of extravagance If
we were even to admit that these specifications are
all well founded, happy indeed would be the coun-
try where, m the expenditure of so many millions,
the research and ingtnu'ly of genilemen could dis-
cover but four small and comparatively inconside-
rable items to which they can object There is no
o her nation on the face of the earth which could
pr S"Bt such a spectacle in the admminrat on of
its finjiic^, ardeven with these blemishes, if they
existed, it would br the gl ry of our country to be
abie to present such an account It would be con-
clu ivc evidence of the regar 1 f r law and ihe mo-
ni iy which prevails amongst us
Aftei this report had been thus subjected to the
ordeal oí these gentlemen for th" greater patt of a
year, the Senator now confines himself to a specifi-
cation of only four part culars, m which ! e alleges
the Government have been ku lty of extravagance
It I can demonsira'e, as I b uevc I can, that he
has been mistaken in each of lhnse paruciihr ,
th<n the tnends of the praent Admmis ration will
indeed have cius  for congratularen and tnumph
Th  Senate's fir^t speciricatio i is, ihat the Ad-
ministration hal brought moun ed volunteers all
ihe way from Mis oun to the Florida war, when
men in abundance might ha/e been obtained fiom
the ne ghboring Sta es at a much less expense, at d
that 'nstead of trau'portmg th se volunteers from
Mi souri to FlondA by water, a useless expense
wis incurred in sen íng them over land Three
hundred was the whoie nu0iber if these Mi souri
volunteers, a i have been i i me! y th hignest
offiml autnor ty at the proper Departn-ni Ard
to wnat, then, do s this «h b charge of extrava-
g.ii ce agairst the Admin --tratioo ari ount? To the
execs?of what't wou'd cos' to transpon thr^e hun
died men fiom Missouri to Florida ?bo/e the cost
of transporting the sd>ne nu-nber of men from
Georgia, Alabama, or Keituc y Th s diffeienee
of price is. the whole sum and *ub$tance.of ihe Se-
nator's firU charge of extravagance I hive been
ab-o informed from the same authont/, that these
men did not march over land through Kentucky,
as the Senator suppose*, but were unfortunately
transported by water from St Louis to Plond-i
The consequence wa=, that they encountered a
storm in the Golf of Mexieo, and many of their
___________________________Senate.
horses were lost. Happy, indeed, therefore, would
it have been for them if this portion of the Sena-
tor's charge had been well founded, and if they had
marched over land
But why did the Secretary of War resort to Mis-
souri for those "volunteers? Was it because he bad
not entire confidence in th  patriotism and courage
of the men of Georgia, Alabama, and Kentucky?
No, sir, not at all But it was suggested to the
Secretary, that the frontier men of Missoun—the
hunters and trappers of the far West, who had
been accustomed to Indian war, were be ter ac-
qua nted with the character and habits of our
savage foe, and would, for this reason, be more effi-
cient than equally brave so'diers who had not the
same experience It was believed that thefe fron-
tier men would be skilful in peretrating the Ever-
glades of Florida, and discovering the Indians in
their hiding places
In ihe days of the Indian wars of Kentucky, the
Kentuckians were probably the best Indian fighters
in the world. But these days have fertunately
long since passed away; and you must now go fur-
ther West for men of experience in this peculiar
mods of warfare Considering how our army had
been baffled by the Florida Indians, it might have
been wise, and I believe it was wise, to accept the
services of these Mnsounant, and the conduct of
this brave band, with the lamented Colonel Gentry
at their head, proved that the Secretary was not
mistaken either in iheir skill or courage Some for-
tv or fifty of them lost their lives in battle, and yet
the charge i«, that their transportation from St
Louis to Florida had cost the Govern Jient more
than it would have aune io transport the same num-
ber of men from Lexington or N ishville This is
truly a grave and serious accusation!
I can inform the Senator in what manner I pre-
sume his mistake originated in regaid to the march-
ing of the Missouri volunteers through Kentucky
Although they did not march through Kentucky,
yet the second regiment of dragoons did,' and he
mu't have mistaken the one for the othpr And
why was this regiment marched to Florida over
laa\ and not transported by water? It was not
don" to expend, hut to save money They thus
•ransportcd themse'ves, and iherefo e, the Govern-
m nt saved ihe cost of their transportation Be-
sides, ¡n addit on to all this, tney were trained and
discipline! every day upon the roa4 as cavalry
ought to be trained and disciplined The conse-
que ire was, that he moment they arrived in Flo-
rida, they were prepared for active and efficient ser-
vre On the otner hand, had they been transport-
ed by waier, inef hordes m ght piobably have teen
last, as were tnjse of the Missouri volunteers, and
the} could not hive improvei in discipline on the
way In regard to the expenditure, I rave been
informed at the Department that it wa  a < lear
saving to thf> Go/ernment to march this regiment
to Floitda by land, instead of transporting it by
water    So much for the Senator's first charge
Tne «econd chirge made by the Senator cons sts
in thi , that the Adrnimstiation had collected five
hundred thou-and dollars' wor h of provisions in the
Cherokee country, for theu^e of the army, and that
these provisions, not being wanted, wereafterwards
so'd at auction for a sum but 1 ttle exceeding fifty
thousand dol'ars To this and to all the other charges
of the Senator, I felt myself prepared to reply last
evening, but concluded that it was best to wait an
