1L0                                           APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._________________Jan. 1841.
26th Cong......2nd Sess.__________________
the expense which has been thus incurred? He is
not to blame if the gold has given oat and cannot
be found in such quantities as to keep them in em-
- ptoyment. The only mode of getting clear of them
js that suggested by the Senator from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Manodm,] and I pledge myself to support
any reasonable bill tor that purpose which he may
mfrpaqce. In the event of its passage, for one, I
should feel myself indebted to the gentlemen on the
opposite side of the House, if they shall be able
to find a purchaser for them.
{Mr. Lumpkin of Georgia here said he wished
to stát  that the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania was mistaken in saying that the gold had
given Ottt in Georgia. On the contrary, new dis-
coveries are constantly being made ]
Mr. Buchanan resumed I am glad to learn
that the gold has not given out in Georgia, and that
there is still some prospect that the Mint at Dah-
lonegamay yet be employed. In one thing, how-
ever,! cannot be mistaken, and that is, that if gold
has been found, very little of it has been brought
to the mint to be coined, within the last few years.
I have no right to doubt the statement of the gen-
tleman, and I should rejoice it gold would descend
in showers from above upon Georgia, as it former-
ly did upon Danse. It makes no difference, how-
ever, for my present purpose, whether this mint be
necessary or not. It is certain, at least, that Mr.
Van Buren was not even President when it was es-
tablished, nor is his administration responsible for
what appears to me to be the useless expense which
has been thus incurred.
If this were the proper occasion, I might adduce
man/ arguments to prove that not more than one
mint ought to exist in this country, although I ac-
knowledge that strorg reasons may be urged in fa-
vor of a branch at New Orleans. "Whatever gold
may be found in the vicinity of Dahlonega and
Charlotte, might be disposed of as profitably to the
finders &t if they carried it to these mints for coin-
age. The other Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Cut] will bear me witns>s that I steadily follow-
ed the lead ef himself and my friend Governor
Hat, of New Hampshire, from first to last, in op-
position to the establishment of tbese branch
mind.
I have thus gone over the four specifications of
my friend fr m Kentucky, and happy indeed am 1
to find that thc^e aie the only specific chaigts of
extravagance which have been made against the
present Administration. This veiy fact is, in it-
self, their moat tr umphant vindication Indeed, I
am almost sorry, for the sake of the gentleman,
that he could not have discovered some charges a
little more plausible than any of these,on which he
might have rested an argnmen'
If Congress, then, have determined that the exi-
gencies o-t the country absolutely demanded the ex«
peaditure of one hundred and thirty million., with-
in the last four years, and if the Senator and his
friends have concurred m this necessity, and have
united with us in making appiopriatious to that
amount, with what justice can they now blame the
President for this evoendiiurc? It cannot be pre-
tended either tliai he crtattd this necessity for a
large expenditure, or t iat he squandeied the pub-
lie money m accomplishing any of the objeCiS de-
signated by Congress Away, then, with such
charges of extravagance' If any debt has been
created, in consequence of these large expenditures
directed by CoDgres , whose fault is it? Certainly
not his.    He had no contrclover the matter.
I undertake to predict, that should the Secretary
of the Treasury prove to be as correct m all other
respects as he is in 1 is estimate of revenue to be
derived from custi ms dur.n< the present year, we
shall, at the end ol i, b« entirely clear of debt I
have no doubt but that the revenue from this
source will, at the very least, amount to from
eighteen to twenty millions of dollars. Should
th  be the case, then the Secretary is of opinion
that the ievemieof the country, duiiiig ihe year,
will be sufficient to meet its expenditures, pro-
vided Congress shall not exceed his estimates in
their, appropriations, and will, m addition, dis-
charge the amount of the outstanding Trea uiy
notes.   But we are willing, nevertheless, to pro-
The President—Mr. Buchanan.
vide five millions more to meet any unforseen
contingencies which may arise at the commence-
ment of a new Administration.
I have now answered the remarks of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky. The facts which I have stated
in regard to his four specifications of extrava-
gance, have of course been communicated to me by
the proper Department. None of them are within
my own knowledge; but I have no doubt they are
all substantially correct.
Mr CRITTENDEN replied at some length to
Mr. Buchanan His remarks will be given here-
after.
Mr. BUCHANAN again rose, m reply to Mr.
Crittenden, and said that he considered this a
proud day for the retiring Administration. It pre-
sented a moral spectacle on which the world might
gaze with wonder. In an expenditure of one hun-
dred and thirty millions of dollars, during the pe-
riod of four years, the Senator from Kentucky had
only been able to enumerate four items of ex-
travagance, and each one of these had been fully
explained Had the world ever beheld a nation in
which such a spectacle could be presented? Look
over the kingdoms of Europe; look over the vast
continent of America; examine the abuses under
every other form of Government; and where, ex-
cept in this Republic of ours, can yeu find such an
example? One hundred and thirty millions had
been expended, and the only complaints of ex-
travagance were, that three hundred troops from
Missouu had been employed in the Florida war,
that five hundred thousand dollars' worth of provi-
sions had been collected to subsist our army in the
Cherokee country, all of which was fortunately not
required for that purpjse, that two hundred Florida
militia had been called into service on a kind of duty
which did not meet the approbation of the Senator;
and that three branch mints had been unnecessari-
ly established, two years before the present Admi-
nistration came into power1 And this was the
sum total—these were the entire charges—which
the honorable Senator could urge against the Ad-
ministration This was, then, the only foundation
for the statements which had been made m
every portion of the country, swelling the extrava-
gance of this Administration to hundreds of millions
The vindication of the old Administration was
now triumphant against the chaiges which had
every where been ureed and rutira'e! by the
Iriend* oPthe new Admmi-tration He and his
friend frim Missouri [Mr Benton] had challenged
the gentlemen of the Opposition in May last, ti
point out the i ems of that extravagance of which
they complained in the aggregate. This challenge
had not ihen been accepted They remained si-
lent The Senator from Kentucky had now come
forth with bis specifications, and what was their
character? They afforded ample testimony that
the working of our Republican Administraiion hi>d
been admirable Indeed, no Administration in this
country could «quam'er the people's money without
detection, becau e the pec pie always keep a vigi-
lant eye over their public servants. A Republican
Administration would not if it could, as it could
not if it would, be guilty of extravagance Their
own his;h principles wouíd condemn and forbid the
act Theie was no possibility, under the Constitu-
tion of our Republic, that any Administration
could be guilty of expanding money on ut>e!ess
and extravagant objects, without the previous au-
thority of Congres  And hare he was about to
say, that the honorable Senator had treated a por-
tion of h>s argument unfairlv; but he would not
apply such a term, as he had never met with un-
fairness from that source. The Senator had stated
that he (Mr B ) had maintained that the President
could not be held responsible for the extravagance
of officers acting under his authority Heaven
forbid' that he (Mr. B ) should ever have enter-
tained such an idea. Far, very far from it The
President'  la^k was an arduous one. Whilst it
was the most honorable, it was al->o the most re-
sponsible sution on earth. He had the selection
of his own agents, and their improper acts must
always attach odium to him. If his station were
high, h s responsibility was and ought to be great
Now, for what had be (Mr. B ) contended? He
had taken up the triumphant report of the Secreta-
Senate.
.ry of the Treasury—a report which could not be
met—and had presented from it the expenditures of
the Administration under their appropriate heads,
and demanded whether any man could complain of
them as furnishing evidence of Executive extra-
vagance. What was the nature of Executive esti-
mates? Did the Executive ever send estimates of
expenditures to Congress which were not demanded
by pre-existing laws? It was his duty to go through
the statute bo k and furnish estimates of the
amount required to execute existing acts of Con-
gress, and whilst he confined himself to the per-
formance of this duty, he was under no responsi-
bility whatever. Congress, and not the President,
were then responsible That was the pomt. The
President stood upon thelaws of the land, and had
confined his estimates strictly to what they enjoined.
He could not repeal any law. On the contrary, he
was bound to carry every law into execution.
Tnere was, he had expressly admitted, a class of
cases in which a President ought to be held respon-
sible for extravagance and this was when he re-
cemmended unwise and unnecessary objects of ex-
pense to Congress He would also be responsible,
in a great degree, for the expenditures voted by his
party in Congress even without his express recom-
mendation, beeaut.e it was fair to presume that he
and they acted in harmony on all great public mea-
sures.
Again: He had declared that the Executive
night be justly held responsible for the economical
expenditure of public money whenever gross sums
were appropriated towards the accomplishment of
particular objects, and the employment of the
money was thus necessarily subjected to his discre-
tion In such a case, it was his duty to see that
the object should be accomplished in the cheapest
and best manner, and if he failed to do so, he was
justly censurable. Responsibility' Yes, the Exe-
cutive was, and, on principle, ought ever to be, held
responsible for the economical expenditure of the
public money, m obedience to the laws of Congress.
Under all these admissions, said Mr B I ask the
Senator to take up the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and point out a single head of expen-
ture with which the country could have dispensed.
He [Mr. Crittenden] said, yesterday, that he did
not complain of any of those objects of expendi-
ture. No, he did not—he could not; for, from the
fir^t to tne last, there was nothing in that list which
could have been avoided, with a proper regard to
the interests of the country. He might add, that
he believed there was nothing in that list which had
not received the support of the Opposition, as well
as the Administration party on this floor.
He had but a few m rds more to say m reference
to the four items to which the Senator had specially
referred. He deemed it unnecessary to follow him
at lensth, because he had already furnished what
he believed to be the facts, and they constituted the
best refutation of his [Mr. Ckittendes's] argu-
ments.
In regard to the three hundred men taken from
Missouri, the Secretary of War might have judged
unwisely. He might possibly, with equal advan-
tage to the service, have taken a like number of
men from Alabama, Georgia, Tennessee, or Ken-
tucky The people of ihese States were all equally
brave with those of Missouri There was no ques-
tion about that. But if the Secretary had thought
proper to employ three hundred Western hunters
and trappers from Missouri, who were behe?ed to
possess more experience in the mode of attacking
Indians, and driving them out of thsir Everglades,
could the difference of expense in transporting these
men from Missouri to Florida, above that of trans-
porting a like number from Kentucky, be made a
matter of grave accusation against the Executive?
The Secretary may have judged unwisely, and the
President may be responsible; but it was as light a
responsibility as ever President bore. Unfortu-
nately, a number of the horses belonging to these
men were lost, and the Government had to pay for
them, but this could not have been foreseen. All
thw might have been an error in judgment, though
he (Mr B.) believed it was not; still it could never
be converted into a subject of serious charge against
the President, or prove that he had been guilty of
extravagance.   In attempting to magnify into im-
