Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
Senate.
26th Cong-".2\'d Ress.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Norvell.
portance so small a matter, the Senator from Ken-
tucky had unconsciously bestowed one of the high-
est compliments which he could pay to the econo-
my of the Administration,
In regard to the provis ons conveyed to the Che-
rokee country —we know tnere was not only dan-
ger ef a war with this powerful tribe of Indians,
but that an incipient war then already existed.
Blood had then been shed, according to his best re-
collection. The whole neighboring conntry was in
commotion, and the people of the surrounding
States were teTified and alarmed Under such cir-
cumstances, was i  not the duty of the Administration
to collect troops for the defence of the country and
the removal of the Indiana And he asked the
honorable Senator if these trouble? had not ended
in peace, if war had been the r sjlt, and aa army
had been collected there wuhout provisions, might
not the Administration, with great justice, have
been attacked for their improvidence' In such an
event, they would have been guilty of a criminal
dereliction of duty, not only against the army and
the prople of the States where ihe Indians were lo-
cated, but against the whole people of the United
States. And yet the burden of the Senator's  charge
against the Administration, is for doing an act,
which, if they had not done, might have resulted
in disastrous consequences to the wholr country,
in case the threatened war had not been avoided It
became, therefore, absolutely mdispensab e to collect
these provisions for the subsistence of the army,
and it was only because, through the mercy of a
wise and over-ruling Providence, another Indian
war had been averted from the people of Georgia
and ihe surrounding S ates, that tin-, transaction
could p ss^bly have been convened into a charge
of ex ravagance against the Admin stratijn "Who
then can be justly blamed? There were ihe piovi-
siom and we ought to be thankful that they were
not all rendered necessary We had peace instead
of war, and by the early dismissal cf ihe troops,
all of these provisions could not be consumed.
Now he, Mr B shrunk from no responsibility on
this occasion. He admitted that the Administration
were responsible for the conduct of General Scott,
a gentleman for whom he entertained the highest re
gard and esteem That General had dons but his
duty as commander of the forces, m ordering these
provisions, which he could not use, to be sold In
deed he could not have ac*ed o herwise
But the Senator had int mated that this sale was
not fairly made, and that gold and silver being re-
quired in payment, the purchasers were Govern-
ment agents, who bought in the provi ions at a low
rate, with Government money, for their own pri-
vate emolument If this were true, every one of
these officers ought to be mstanily dismissed. It
was a heavy charge, and the Senator did not pre-
tend to know any thing about it, except from news-
paper rumors, which were certainly not the most
authentic source of information He, Mr B had
heard that some of these provisions vere damaged,
and he had learned from the most authentic source
that Ross would not puichase provisions from the
contractors at any price, though he might have
used them advantageously in removing the Indians
It is much mote probable that the distance of these
provisions from any point whjre they could have
been sola for their value, and the consequent cost
of transportation to uch a place, together with the
perishable nature of some of them, wer  the rea-
sons why they did not command a greater price,
than tha the disbursing offiers of the Government
had been guilty of any fraudulent conduct This,
then, was anion  the sins of ex ravagante charged
against Mr Van Buren, although he k"ew nothing
about it until long af'er it took p!a. e Hanp/, in-
deed, would le ihe fate of the succeeding Admmis
tratiou, if no heavier charge could be made against
them at the end of their term of service.
A few word , more in repaid to the Florida war
When Congress omitted to provide regular troons
for the defence of Florida, what was the only al-
ternative left' Did not this omiss'on necessarily
devolve upon the Piesident Ihe duty of calling out
the militia for that p irpcse, under ihe Constitution
and existing law' The neglect of Congress to
raise the fore required by the Secretary of War,
did not prohibit him from availing himself of the
militia, but, on the contrary, rendered a resort to
them imperatively necessary. The militia law still
remained in full force, and to that, and that alone,
could he recur for the defence of Florida.
[Mr. Crittenden here inquired whether Briga-
dier General Read was not aa officer of the United
States Army ]
Mr. Buchanan said certainly not. In his fa-
mous order, to which the Senator had himself re-
ferred, he had styled himself Brigandier General
of the Florida Brigade He was not an officer of
the United Slates Army; but of the Florida mihtu,
and he (Mr B ) understood they had been called
into service under ihe authoiity of our existing mi-
litia laws And what else could the Secretary have
done under the circumstances'? What else would
the Senator from Kentucky himself have done had
be been Sfcretary of Wai? Would he have aban-
doned Florida whilst Florida was bleeding at every
pore] Would he have said, "I demanded a mounted
regiment of regalar troops and Congress refused
to grant it, and because ihey refused, I shall not
order the militia into serv ce, notwithstanding the
exi=ling i aw renders this mv duty Let the blood
shed m Florida be upon the head of Congress, I am
innocent"' ¡So, there was nit a man in America
who would not have recoiled from such reasoning,
and none sooner or moie repulsively than the ho-
norable Senator himself.
And yet, wi h all his eloquence and ingenuity, to
whit had he finally been driven? To read an ex-
tract from some newspaper, the name of which he
had not thoaght proper to give us, for the purpose
of evening a laugh and a sneer in ihe Senate of
tha United States Ail this w?s ' at the expense if
Uncle Sam," but, from informal on dented frtm
th"D partDicnt i s lr, h c uil wue the gent'e-
¡nan thai the«-e mi itia íufantiy did net, as the paper
alleged, ¡ece've §18, but merely $7 per month—the
pay of United States infantry soldiers, and that,
tso, w thout either bounty, clotmng, or rations.
Now, Heaven forbid that the time may ever ar-
rive, in this country, when Senators should serious-
ly attempt to criminate any Administration on this
floor by bringing here the tittle-tattle of a newspa-
per, whilst they could obtain the information de-
sued in an authentic and official form from the pro-
per Departa ent How unneces ary aswell as unjust,
was it to attempt to prove a high officer of
the Government guilty of misconduct by newspa-
per statements, when, upon the motion of any
member, the power of the Senate would ?t any
lime be exerted to prove hm guilty, if guilty he
were, by official documents authenticated under his
own hand' And yet this was the course which the
honorable Senator had thought proper to pursue
But, says the Senator, how could ihese tivo hun-
dred militia infantry have raised i crop of corn be-
tween the l?st adjournment of Congress in July
and the present time? Bu' had he notinfonned the
Senator that while the questiun was depend rg be-
fore Congress, whether mounted men should be
ra sed for the defence of Fionda, the Governor of
that Territory, knowm" that the expen e nould
eventually fall upon ihe Government of the United
Sta'es, had cal'ed these men in'o service bc/ore our
adjournment, and under the S'Cf Kry's ad\ice he
had adop ed ihe policy previously pursued to en-
courage 'he raising of provisions for ihe army' If
the gant'eman thought proper, at any time, to call
for authentic information on il is subject, it would
be furnished him most oheei fully by the Dipart-
ment.
The'.e, then, are the items of exnavagance with
which th" railing Adrr¡nitration were charged,
ard this was uV mjictmeit preferred asrmst the n
The brarch mints are still c^rt ■-ucc', and the Pre-
s dent i*. condemned because, fcsooti, he does aot
5>bo ish thern1 Now could (he P esident repeal the
law which crea ed their' Coul 1 he undertake to
iy he would rot execute the will of Congres, de-
clarel by an act of Congress' It he had closed
Ihe e miuti, by hisosn authontv, he would have
been guihy of the highest crime a«a n¡,t the Con ti-
lution of h country He would, hy usurp n  the
pr r gative el annu'mg ac s of C ingres , have
placed hmise ' °bove i e I fisative power
He might ihfti, vi h jus ^.e, have been
denounced and coi-'eured as a tyrant.   And yet
it has been made a grave accusation against the
President, that he had not shut up these branch
minis, because they were too expensive—that he
had not done an act, for doing which he ought to
have been impeached and deprived of bis high of-
fice The Senator from North Carolina [Mr.AáUu-
gum] took a more correct view of this subject. He
thought, with him (Mr. B ) that Congress was the
proper source of power in such eases. Let us
move on m the ancient constitutional manner; and
although there might be some "prospects" of gold
around Dahlonega and Charlotte, he would vote at
any moment for the repeal of the law which had
established these branch mints He believed them
to be unnecessary, but how the present Administra-
tion could be h 'Id responsible for their expenses, he
was u'terly at a loss to determine. Nothing but the
ingenuity of the honorable Senator could ever have
led to the suggestion He could draw upon the
abundant fountain of h's wit, and turn the most se-
rious subjects into ridicule, when it suited his pur-
pose, bu i he would never succeed m Molting out
from the minds of the people of this country the
gratitude which they would ytt feel towards an Ad-
ministration against which no charges of extrava-
gance could be made, except such as ht\had enume-
rated.
THE BANKRUPT BILL.
J
REMARKS OF MR. NORVJSLL,
Or MICHIGAN                              ,'
In Senate,   Thursday, February 4, 1341—0{t4fhe
Bankrupt bill                       /
Mr NOTIVELL sa d The amendment submit-
te 1 b> the Senator liom Missouri [Mr Bcnton] to
the b n'-rupt bill, now under cons deration, re-
q u ed tr>e consent of two-thirds of the creditors,
m value and number, before the debtor could re-
ceive a certificate securing him the benefit of the
act He hoped that the amendment would i o be
adopted by the Senate Its effeU would be to sub-
ject debtors to the tender mercy of their creditors.
It was a remnant of the old spirit, the pound of
flesh spirit, which prevailed in the age of Shylock.
He would rather see no bill pass,than one with such
a provision in it It would only harass and annoy
the unfortunats, and expose him to an ordeal at
once gratng ard cruel The Seiarxr said
lhat his amendment was sanclionel by that
provision in the Constitution, which prohibit 
ed us from impairing the obligation of contracts.
No such provision was to be found in the Consti-
tution A clause is in thai instrument, forbidding
the States from passing any law impairing the ob-
ligation of contracts The power, given to Con-
gress exclusively, to enact uniform laws on the
subject of bankruptcies, in his judgment, implied
and comprehended the necessary authority to
change the character of contracts, so far as to re-
lease the debtor upon the surrender of all the pro-
perty, and o protect the future acquisitions which
he might make On thrs point he entertained no
doubt No bankrupt law would be of much ser-
v ce, unless it embraced si ch a purcip'e But if
Congress cou'd pa s no law impairing the obliga-
tion of contract , how could they pass an act, with
the consent of two-thirds of the cred tor , impair-
ing the obligat on of the contract of a debtor with
the other third of his ci editors? If the argu-
ment of the honorab e Senator amounted to any
thing, a debtor could not receive a certifi-
cate «f release as long as a single creditor refused
his consent to'he gian mg of the certificate Bat
there was nothing nte argument. The power of
Congress was ample on ihe subject And if they
would nitrerftrm hen duty—if they still refused
Ufxercista power beneficent m us tendency to-
wards a largt pinion of the American people—let
them return it to the S.a'es, from which they had
icceived it He was sorry to say, that the course
of Senators lagged behind the spirit of the age.
They did not keep up with the sentiments and feel-
ing of the people. Tne great mass of the people
weie n favor pi toe ; assage cf such a bill as was
now before the Senate, whether memorials had been
nres^nfed from this ot that Stile on the subject. A
disregard of the advances made by the great body
of the peopl«, in principles of this kmd, might wel}
