Feb. 1841                                APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            US
S6th Cons-...2nd Sess.
Treasury JYote Bill—Mr. Shepanl.
H, of Repsi
lieious beverage called 'Yankee rum." Teas,
amounting to $2,424 594, are also free: they come
from China, in exchange lor specie, and cotton ma-
nufactures. In 1839, there was exported $850,539
of fish to Cuba, Hayu, and South America; $600 455
of oil to the same and the Han3e towns; §2,975,301
of cotton goods to South America, principally;
$178,142 of spermaceti candles to the same region;
$361840 of furniture to Cuba, &c; $453 471 of
soap and candles to South America; ¿131,588 of
iron and nails to Cuba, &c; §748,862 of manu-
factures of iron to South America and Cuba,
&c. &c; and $197,162 of gunpowder to Mex-
ico and South America. 'Nutmegs, pepper,
cocoa, to a considerable amount, come in free from
Holland and South America. Without going
farther into detail, it will be seen that Many other
articles, besides wine, silk, and linens, are admit-
ted free of duty; but they are essential to the fac-
tories, or come in return for ihe products of manu-
facturing labor, and this may be a good reason to
continue the bounty. More than two thirds of the
imports from England are taxed, and one-third of
those from France, whilst the merchandise from
other couniries is admitted on more favorable
terms er entirely free; the commerce,, in which the
agricultural States of the South are most deeply in-
terested, is shackled and embarrassed, whilst that
which is carried on by the industry of other sec-
tions, is placed on the most liberal footing. And
this is done by a Government established for the
whole Union. Sir, I will not ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Breckesridge] to tell his
constituents that good policy and fair dealing for-
bid such legislation; it might be cons.dered rude,
as they doubtless think it just to tax the whole
world for their own benefit. But I was grieved and
astounded to hear the honorable member from South
Carolina [Mr. Thompsjn;] he has volunteered to
lay a burden en those whom he represents, and he
will bespattered wilh praise for his magm nimity—
but, sir, it is a virtue that he has no right to prac-
tise, until he is prepared to defray the whole cost.
The excuse for taxing wines, silks, and linen?, is
that they are luxuries. Tfie gentkman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Nisbet] talked of the rich man, riding in
his carriage and. fliunting in silk. Such language
gave me pain; it may blind the people of Georgia,
but it cannot exalt the reputation of the gentleman.
A tax on the rich will not benefit the poor; the fine
lady will use silk, thoiuh its price be increased,
but a heavy duty will debar the less wealthy
from such apparel. But this cry proceeds
from a'source, that honest men will uistrust
—it comes from those who established and
fastened on the country the restrictive system.
Mr. Clay was the author of the act of 1824, and
Mr. Webster was the champion of the law of
1828; by the former a tax of 33^ per cent, ail valo-
rem was placed on woollens, 31 cents per squa>e
yard on cotton banging, 3 cents per pound on cables
and other iron, 5 cents per pound on nails, 30 per
cent, ad valorem on scylhes, spade*, knives, shovels
—-bv the latter the du'-y on woollens was increased
to 45 per cent, ad valorem, an additional tax of 10
per cent, ad valorem was put on axes, drawing
knives, adzes, 10 cents per gallon on molasses, and
by this or the act of 1832, 10 cents per bushel on
salt, and 2i cents on brown sugar. Tne«e things
were done to benefit the manufacturer  of Lowell,
the iron monger of Pittsburgh, the grower of hemp
in Kentucky, and tho sugar planter of Louisiana:
the poor were taxed for their bhnke's, for the ordi-
nary comfons of life, for the utensils which gaia
their livelihood, and the rights of all were tram-
pled under foot to gratify ambition and cupidity.
The bare memory of such sets raust fill every
sound heart with indignation; t'hc authors will find
it difficult to assume the guardianship of the poor,
for professions will not save them, from suspicion.
But, sir, I am willing to lay the greatest burden on
luxuries, and, to test the sincerity of gentlemen, I
ask them to lower the tax on necessaries; let the
rich pay well for silks, linens, and wines, and per-
mit coarse woollens, salt, molasses, and iron to
come in without any duty. Will our opponents
agree to this proposition? Will they do any thing
that is really beneficial to the poorer classes? No,
sit,no; the cry about luxuries is a mere plea fox
8
getting money, to squander oa electioneering pro-
jects. If,however, gentlemen pref-r anoth.r prin-
ciple, let an ad vtlorem duty of 10 per cent, be laid
on all importations, wnether necessaries or luxuries;
a common feature should perva'te onr system of
taxation; we ought not to legislate agains'.a luxury
to-day, and make war to-morrow on the common
necessaries of life, ©r the Government should re-
cognise no distinction, and put all on the same foot-
ing. If I am not mistaken, the northers capitalist
is beginning to manufacture silk goods; the day is
past when he can boldly ask for protection, but if
a duty could be laid, under any pretence whatever,
the infant factories would swell into great es-
tablishments, and the whole people would contri-
bute to his weal.h. This may be one of the secret
springs of Ihe hypocritical movement for the relief
of the poor.
Mr. Chairman, an attempt has been made to di-
vide the friends of free trade, by appeals to the
se'fi.hne^sof the tobacco planter. We aie told
that a duty of 75 cents per pound is levied on to-
bacco in England, and that France prohibus the
article, except a certain quantity for the King, who
derives a large revenue irom its sale; these facts
are considered sound reasons for taxing wines,
silks, and linens, in order to force England and
Fiance lo admit tobacco on more liberal terms. If
there was the slightest probability of openng the
market, I should not hesitate to impose counter-
vailing duties; but I ask the gentleman from Mary-
land to mention a single instance where they have
succeeded, i hese nations themselves have been
waving a commercial warfare for centuries; their
statute books are full of the most absurd regula-
tions, injurious to both parlies, and now, when the
error is seen, they cannot be touched, because great
interests are dependent on the permanency cf the
laws. England and France are enormously ir.-
debied, and they must impose heavy taxes to pay
the interest. Does the member from Maryland
expect tobacco to be favored, when almost every
thing thing that is eaten, drunken, or used in those
countries-', is grievonsly burdened? Perhaps Eng-
land considers tobacco a "luxury," and thinks it
right that her aristocracy should pay for the enjoy-
ment; or sbe views it as a poison, whose use is
destructive to health and cleanliness, and should be
discouraged. The climate of Great Britain is
good for tobacco, but its culture was forbidden
more than one hundred years ago. This cir-
cumstance may throw light on her policy,
and warn gentlemen of the danger of con-
verting a consumer into -a rival producer,
Now, sir, is there much hope of driving France
and England from their ancient policv? Nego-
tiation may ultimately succeed, but the pnde
of those firm and gallant nations -will be kindled at
any measure, which bears the aspect of constraint,
and the trade may be still faither ¡-hackled. Sup-
pose, however, that reiaiiatory duties should not
be successful, end then ihe tax on wines, silks,
and linens vail become a real injury to tiieplanier;
these are some of Ihe articles which coma in ex-
change for tobacco, and, if their consumption be
diminished, the foreigner will be less able to pur-
chase the domestic product. So thai in striving to
get more, we may loce the advantages already pos-
sessed.
But in quarreling about tobacco, we may bring
down the ralue of another great staple. France
and England will take cotton in exchange for ¡heir
productions, and is it wise or just to embarrass
a trade, that is mutua'ly beneficial, because the ru-
lers of Europe will not also receive tobacco? Sir,
this would not be dissimilar to the opium war on-
China. The universal demand for Ihe great ex-
port, may be a blessing conferred, in recompense
for the desdiy climate where it grows, and I feel
sure that the tobacco planter will not grumble at
the preference, or wish to pursue a dangerous po-
licy at the risk of injuring another citizsn. It can-
not be that Maryland, Virginia, and the fairest
pot lion of my own State, will desert the princi-
ples for which they have long struggled; the gilded
bait now presented is a deception of the enemy, to
lure them from the safe ground heretofore occupied.
The outsiders fair,but within is concealed the inslru-
meat thai will ár g them to destruction. If our ranks
be broken, and the Government once more begin
to regulate industry, the stronger interests will
rule according to their passions and their appetite.:
ihe his'ory of the past ¡san index to the future, and
the tariffs of 1824 and 1828 show what may be ex-
pected from those who are hungry and thirsty ftfiee
plunder.
Tli9 principal object of these taxing schemes, is
to prepare the way for dividing the proceeds of the
public lands among the States. Wh'O Virginia
ceded the Northwestern Territory in 1784, she de>
*clared that ' the lands shall be considered a com  ,
monfund for the use and benefit of such of the "
Umt.d States, as have b;corae or shall become
members of the Confederation or Federal alliance
of the said States, Virginia inclusive, according to
their usual respective proportions in the general
charge and expenditure, and shall be faithfully
and bonafidi disposed of for that purpose, and for
no o'.her purpose whatsoever." At that time, be-
fore the existence of the present Constitution, the
Treasury of the United Slates was supplied by
assessment oa the Sta'es, in proportion to the land
tax of each, and it is not surprising that the idea of
a general fund should be connected with the man-
ner in which it was usually raised. This ex-
plains the language in the latter part of the para-
graph above quoted, "according tu their usual re-
spective proportions in the general charge and ex-
penditure," which has been seized on as an autho-
rity for giving to the States the proceeds of the
land. A mind anxious for truth, and not in
search of an excuse for bad policy, will be satisfied
that the expression "common fund," evince? the
intention of Virginia to grant this Territory to the
S'ates a nation, not as separate communities.
From the time of the cession, down to a very late
period, this opinion was universally eaterta'ned,
and its contrary is not heard of, till polricians be-
gan to think it a good instrument for delusion and
bribery. The grant of Virginia extendei only to
the sovereignty of the country; the land itself be-
longed to the aborigines, it was purchased from them
by this Government, paid for by taxes levied
at the custom-house, and in every view must
be considered a national property. But that por-
tion of ihe Northwestern Territory which remains
unsold, is very small in comparison to the im-
mense domain which was acquired from France;
and yel honorable members who use the cession of
Virginia as an argument, do not disfnruish, and
intend to apply th? same principle of ds'nbutioa
to the whole of ihat vast region. Whatever pre-
tence, therefore, may be set iorth, and however la-
borious gentlemen may be to disguise the real cha-
racter of this measure, it conceals a doctrine of
great magnitude and of momentous consequences.
Sir, is it constitutional, or is it proper, that Con-
gress fh^uld collect money for the S ate Legisla-
tures? These are the questions involved m this
discussion, and it is unworthy of a statesman to
evade them, for th= decision must deeply affect the
destiny of our institutions.
Tne Federal Government was established for the
purposes declared in the Constitution; it was au-
thorized to "regulate commerce," "to declare
war," "to raise armies," "to maintain a n&vy,"
"¡o provide for the common defence," &-.; all.
powers not delegated are reserved to the State*,
and it was designed that all the duties of Govern-
ment, not imposed on Congress,should be performed
by the local Legislature. The excellence of the
system depends on keeping each of these agents in
its prescribed orbit. If the central body draw to
itself what specially belongs to the smaller crea-
tions, or if these grasp at the means which give
vigor and efficiency to the great head, the wbele
Government will be thrown into confusion- The
Constitution does not empower Congress Jo become
a tax gatherer for the Slate Legislatures, and it is
net necessary that we should assume this respecta-
ble position, for the same authority is given to both,
thori^h the forms may be different; and if money
be needed for sectional object's, it ought to be levied
by the local Government. But a great arguer
[far. Webster] has said ihat Congress has power
to "dispose of the territory of the United Slates,"
without any limitaikm, and therefore we can acton
this subject according to our own discretion. If this
