«fan. 184Í.                              APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th ConG'-"2nb Sess.
the argument, is  constantly used here,  and else-   I
where.   It is the term cession, as applied to the
acts and deeds by which Virginia, Georgia, and ¡j
some other States, conveyed their rights m these   |
lands to the General Government.   That term is   |
constantly used in the sense of gift, gratuity, dona
tion; and that not in relation to jansdic ion, or a
right of purchase from the Indians, bat m rela ion
to the soil itself— n lelation to  the land itself—
which is supposed thus to have been gratuitously
bestowed.   This li a mistake—an error—a fallacy
—an illusion.   The ceding S'ates ceded no Und—
gave no Und—conveyed no Imi, to the General   |
Government     They ceded noth ng but that which
they had, and they had rothing in the*e lands but  ¡
the right of purchismg them from ihe Iiduns, or i
the right of conquest in the event of hosmues     ,
Prom the time of William Penn, this is all that rte ,,
grantees of the crown, the colonies, or  the States,  i1
have claimed in the Indian land covered by their
grants or charters  Each for itself claimed the right
of acquisition of that which was within its limits, and
th s right of acquisition is all that the ceding States  !
could convey, or did convey, to th" United States.   .
They conveyed nothng but the right of purchase,
and this has been the understanding of all the par-
ties—the States, the Indians,  and the Federal Go-
vernment—from ihe first day of the cessions to the
present hour.   Never, in a single instance, has the
Federal Government occupied one foot of  this
ground until after it was purchased from the Indian
tribe which claimed it.    Never has she sold an
acre until she had first bought it of the Indians, and
where they have refused to sell, she has refu ed to
disturb their possession, apd ei her waited their time,
and their price, as in the ca e of the Cherokee
lands in the Southern Sia es, or became their agent
to sell the whole for their benefi', as in ihe case of
the Chickasaw lands in Ine  State of Mississippi
Tois is the exact state of all these cessions so that
it is indubitably true lhat, so far as land is con-
cerned, and thai xs the only thing which the presera
question touches, the Uniicd S a'ss is a purchaser
from the Indians, and not a donee from the S'at<-s.
She holds under  Indian  treaties, and not under   i
Sta'e cession .    The 'ame with th  Florida and
Louisiana acquisitions.  We acquired from France   I
and Spam precisely what «e had acquired from   '
the States—'he sane, and n-thirg moro nor less.
We obtained jurisdiction over the ceded territory,
and Ecquned tha ii„ht of purchase from the Indians.  !
We nave taken possession of no ground, not an
acre, in Florida or Lou's ana, until purcnased tiom i
the Indians who claimed it    We  have acted by  p
the lands ceded b/  Fiance aid Spam pieci ely as
we have acted by taose ceded by the S ates.    We    i
have bought them ftom their Indian owners, 01   l|
claiman s, before we touched them. Th y a 1 come  11
to us, so far as we nave acquued Mem, in the same    i
manner—by  Indian treaties and not by foreign  I'
treaties—by purchases trom the Imi'an', ani not ,
by cessions from the c owns of Pi?nee and Spam.
Thus, sir, all the lands of the Un ted States   aie  ,
held by the same tenure, and acquired m the sanie
mode.    All our proprietary  r'gats aie the same!
they are all held by purchase, and all paid for by
money taken out of the treasury of the Uiion.
All our acquisitions ?re pinchases, and large is  I
the amount which ha. been paid   for them- to  l
France, fifteen millions of dollars; to Spain, five
millions, to the laJian , eightj-five millions, to
Pre-empdon Law—Mr. Benton.
some of the Slates Urge sums, as to Georgia, to
which State the Federal Government paid a great
sum, besides extinguishing, for her benefit, at a
great cost, the Cherokee title within her limits.
Eighty-five millions 1  the purchase money paid to
the Indians alone, besides annui íes yet to run, and
other indemnities', amounting now to about
$775,000 per annum. Four hundred and forty-
two millions oí acres is ¡he quantity thus purchased
from the Indians, eigh y-five millions the amount
paid to them besides the running anncutie-, twen-
ty millions paid to Fraoce anl Spain, and seveial
niunons to Georgia tor the r git of pmefaase in
all, above one hundred and lea millions pa d for
these lands Now, where did all this money come
ftoin1 Sir, it came from the Treasury of the
Unite! Sta es, and has not yet te^n reimbursed to
n foi 'he sa es of ihe Und.s have net been equal to
he cost of their acquisition and management.
Can we di>tnbute cus'om house or direct tax
revenue? It is admitted that we cannot The
who e argument that we hear, and the bill in ques-
tion all admit it All agree that we cannot.
Bu', behold the wonders of the jusglsng art 1 We
cannot take the money out of the Treasury aisd di-
vid > it, but we may take the money out of that
same Treasury and convert it into land, and tlrn
reconvert the land into monev, and then make the
division ! Tr-is. is what the new argument of the
Senator from Massachusetts amounts to' It is a
mere circumvention of the Constitution. It tnakes
mockery and derision of that instrument. It is a
esson in legislative alchymy, by which, not base
mttalsare transmuted into gold, but unconstitu-
tional acts are metamorphosed into constitutional
ones.
This is the character and effect of th" new ar-
gument, and '«here is ihe limn to its applica-
tion—whe'e the limit to the division of money
which Congress may make under it? Our public
lands are already estimate i by tos disinbtun n par-
ty atore billion two hundred mi'lions oí dolía «. All
tnatmay b «ok andaiurled out We r-av, besides,
some rundid mu i 'is of ot-c propert\—hr's—
ships—foundries—arsenals — i avy yar s—public
build nss of all kinds—tbi Capitol all the e may
be divided ou , for ilpí r i  u\et ¡irojcly, and all
th" other property of the i rated Siatis is sub eu
to the sai e power of di losiuoa which app íes to
the territory In addition to this we m v go on to
convert and reconvert, to Ihe end of 'ne chaptei
We may buy, and sel, and divide, as long as mo-
ney, or laud, or prop-rty of any kin i c i be found
Such is i1 e ei d ot the Sena'or'o new and amended
a guinent
W  have heard of l&titudiiauat". m re'isi n and
in politics We have hea-d os dexterr us construc-
tionists, who could c"n.tru  themse' es tut of „ny
creel, oi ary iunianen'al lat. We have seen
soire std* eonstiuc ions pnt upon our oun Con". 1-
tut on Eat who ever bear J of ihe 1 ',e of ih ¡> be-
fore' Whoever heard be'bre that tne Congress of
the United States was without a limit, without a
restriction, without a guide, upon th  exeieise of
its money powers1 that it may, by a juggling trick
of IiOíí contri/anee, throw o'T eveiy co istiiu-
tiona1 Tf traint upon the pn ver to n< se, or to use
moi ey—tike isom will f r us so!" crude, and go
oi to dispose of hund'eds of minions-, or thousat as
of millions oí di lur., according o it* o 'n will and
p'eastire Ceitamly, of all latitudinanan c n-
stiae ions of the Constitution, this is i*>e wideband
most dangerous It is also one ot t! e most fla-
grani'y unfoundett and indefensibie, so that tv
Senator >rom Massachusetts, unfortunate as he
was in hs sea it aid stm'ed constitutional dien-
raent of ThusiUy, was «-tnl nioie so in the new
pnd emer-ded &"d ooundle s ens of Saturdv
I now coiie, caid rVIr B loa «ubj ct which has
became conn°cttd  ■ h m s oeb  <e, and \*hi~h has
assamed a ro'm to rcqui.e a moot Oc i eiate cansí.
Senate.
iteration    I allude to the questnn of a foreign in-
terference in our late   Presidential  election.    1
chancer1 to lefer to this interference m a late speech;
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr CairiENDEN] de-
nied it, and ihe Senaior from Ma-sachusstis [Mr.
Webstfi) has reiterated the denial.     Under mesa
circumstances it becomes my duty to advance, or
to recede—to sus am my assertion, or to retract it;
and, as truth and justice will not permit me to do
the lat'er, nothing remains but to go on with ihe
accusation and bring f>rward the proofs.    This I
mean to do, and with the gravity and modcra-ion
which is due to the occasion.   It is. notan occasion
Cot hi «recti ve, for dem.nc atton. for assertion with-
out evidence; it is not an ouasion  for passion or
personally    It is an cccasitn which requires calm-
ness, fairness, oonsiderat on, and precision.     It is
|   a ca-e which requires tne proof   to follow the
charge, and the wh j)e to be conducted with the
giaviiy and equity oí a judicial invest gatioa.   It
concerns foreigners, who are not I ere to speak for
I   tneniseUes, it concerns tbesafety and independence
of our form of government, which shouM not be
lightly subjected to suspicions which weaken its
strength     I know the responsibility of my posi-
lion.    I feel myself to be responsible for what I
sa;— responsib'e to tnv own conscience, and to thn
greatest power of the f>gc—the moral sense of alt
good men     Under  this sensa «f  responsibiii y I
'    proceed lo tha discharge cf my duty, and will first
stat  ihe question over again, lhat Senators may be
corree ed of errors into which thiy have fallen,
and my own des gn b« made more c ear and mani-
fest    I have nothing to do with the loss or gain of
tne late election.   I do not pretend to account here
for its result    I do not trink the inaairy a fit topic
!   to be introduced m o this chamber  Itisoneofpa'ty,
¡   and belongs to the forum of the ¡ eople, and not to the
I   bar of the Senate    I have a h gher obj ct in view
—one which   rises   far above   party contests-
one which rises far above the question of party
supremacy—one which goes to ihe independence
and the safety of our form of Government—which
concern  the teehrgs of every pstnot, be his place
what it may in party politics—and which naris
the frigh ful question  whether this Republic, like
ail tree Government, is  to become the prey and
sroil of foreign interference, and foreign influence?
This is  tie object m   view, and this  the question
«hicri it raises, a ques'ion which Ins nothing to do
wiiti ihe loss or pa'n of lha election—which has
nu l m, to do  wi'h  our   par j contests—which it
fero aolely io fo-eignet", any to their conduct in our
electa n—to th ir mierleience in our election, and
th "  without even suggesting the effect ol that I'l-
t rferenee, and  how i.r it might  ha^e i flaenced
th° result     I discUim  and rtptl a'l   this inquiry,
and limit myself to ihe men. quesioio! mteifer-
ence      Have foreigners interfered in our election?
Testis my question, and not have foreigners go-
verned the election'2 Theoflenceismt'ifint'ilereDC*'
Tne oulrage to our form of Governme'it—the insult
to evei y Amertu n feeling—th  a taok upon our in-
I dependence—is in toe interference i'seil' in the au-
! iic 'y andcnmma'ily of darmg to mierfere a our
I  e' etion at all, and   not m the contingent conse-
I  quenceof more or less effect from th^t mterfence.
1 T'iis is my question   It is one worthy to excue my
'  ma ames—worthy to  engase the  at'ention ot ihe
Sena e—worthy lo  commard U>e attention of alt
I pitnots, be their paay politics w ¡at they may, and
I  io t us qucs nri, s ripped of a'l extraneous matter,
I now proceed, pad sha!1 commence at once with
1   the mtroduct " i of proois
Benold this b ott, said B. hold.ng up a new and
I   hanasome  octavo volum"    ft is fie h froai ihe
Loudon  p   s«, and speaks the -eitimeMs- of the
|    English capitals s in ic ation to  moneyed ques-
I    t'Oiis, and political pawei, m the United Sate     It
is a sork upon the fiaaucial posit en and credit of.
sioh of our states a  ha.'econtr¿c eú a bu in Ei-
rope, with a survey of th ir v eal'h and lesourcfs,
t ieii'ability and disposiucn io pay  ne r debt , and
!    tHe dangeis to be apprehended trJTi the growth anr1
|   provalenee of Democratic principles in the Urn ec
I    Statrs    U vas published m Loadon on the 26ir
uay of Dscember, 1839, be ng, by a curious co.nci
1   dene*, the precise tm e at which  tie anti-assamp
j   tun icsjlu ons \\-!s>   i brmtted m this chamber
