3 an. 1341.                                    APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
26th Cong-.>-2nd Sess.
that provisions had been purchased for high price-,
which were not used; and that they had been sold
at public auction for low prices. These might be
facts. The Senator read from a printed documf"-1
■which he [Mr. Weight] had never seen, but ^hxb.
he presumed was good authority for his positions.
Did it follow, however, that the present President
was in fault in the mattei; Did it follow, by ne-
cessity, that any perjon was in fault; and if any
person, would it not be more just to state who was
the officer in command, who bad charge of ihe pur-
chases spoken of, and under what public agent the
property had been thus sacrificed?
There had been a period in our history, if he was
not mistaken as to facts, when provisions pur-
chased for the use of oar armies, at a dearer r-te
even than those referred to by the Senator, had
been piled together and burned, to furnish light for
a distinguished retreating General from a repeat-
ing enemy; and yet, neither the General, nor the.
Administration under which he served, was con-
demned either for the military achievement, or the
loss of the public property. This did not take
plaee, as his memory told him, upon ihe South-
western, but upon the Mrtkwestern frontier, and
not during the Florida war, but ¡he war with Eng-
lasd of 1812-'15.
Had the officer in charge of this property in the
Indian country pursued this course; had he, instead
of his auction sale, burned the supplies, and made
a precipitate retreat, the Administiation he served,
as well as himself, might have been spared theie
sharp censures. He however, as Mr. Wright be-
lieved, had accomplished the duty assigned to him,
and was ready to dismiss his force to their homes,
so far as they were militia, and to other service so
far as they were regulars, and the supplies not be-
iüg wanted at the station where they were, and
transportation being ihe principal ingredient of their
cost, he took, whether wisely or not, the expedient of
a publicsale at auciion, rather than that of a second
transportation. If the prices paid at the sale were
low, the loss was the greater, but it was not a total
loss, nor was the property consumed to furnish a
light, not for a pursued, but retreating geneial. He
thought, therefore, he was authorized to say that if
the entire public loss in toe one case was not cause
for censure upon the general, but rather for his
greater elevation, the partial loss in the other could
lot be a broad ground for the sweep.ng condemna-
tion of a whole Administraron.
CESSION AND   DISTRIBUTION BILLS.
SPEECH OF MR. CALHOUN.
OF  SOUTH   CAROLINA.    v
in   Senate, Jmutvy   23, 1841—On   tie   amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Crittenden ¡to the pre-
emption bill, to distribute the proceed* of the,.pub-
lands among the Stales.                            /
Mr. CALHOUN said that the proposition" of the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. CrittekíiíÍn] to dis-
tribute the. proceeds of the sales oí the public
lands among ihe several States-, «as no s'ranaer in
this chamber. His colleague [Mr. Clav] had in-
troduced it many years since, when he was in the
Opposition, and had of.cn pressed its passage as an
Opposition measure, and once with success, while
the Treasury was groaning under the weight of a
surplus revenue, of which Congress was willing to
free it on almost any terms. It was then vetoed by
General Jackson, and has had to contend ever
since against the resistence of his and the present
Administration.
But it rs now, for Ihe first time, introduced un-
der different auspices, not as an Opposition, but an
Administration measure—a measure of ihe coming
Administration, if we may judge from indications
that can scarcely deceive. It is brought in by a
Senator,who, if rumor is to be credited, is .--elected as
a member of the new cabinet, [Mr. Crittenden]
backed by another in the same condition, [Mr.
Webster] supported by a third, [Mr. Clay] who,
all know, must exercise a con (rolling influence
over that Administration. It is then fair
to presume, that it is not only a measure, but
a leadirig measure of General Harrison's adminis-
Jration, pushed forward in advance of his inaugu-
Pre-empíion Luw—Mr, Calhoun.
\ raiion by those who have the riiht of e.-nside.-ing
: themselves his organs on this fi^or. Regarded m
i this light, it acquires a vr.sily increased importance
¡ —so much so as to demand the raost serious and
j deliberate considerador!. Under this impress-ion I
' have carefully re-examined the measure, and have
- been confirmed ¡n the opinion previously entenain-
¡! ed.'hat it ¡«perfectly unconstitutional, and preg-
j -Dint with the most disastrous consequences; and
J what I now propose is to present the result of my
■ r< flection under each of these views, beginning
with the former.
Whether the Government can constitutiona'ly
distribute the revenue from Ihe public lands- amon 
the States, must depend on the fact, whether ¡hey
teions to them in their un¡t(d Federal character,
or individually and sepsratfly. If in lbs former,
it is manifest that the Government, as their com-
mon agent or tru-tee, can have no rvht to distri-
bute among them for their individual, separate use,
a fund derived from pro; erty held in their urrited
and Federal character, without a special power for
that purpose, which is not pretended. A position
so clear of itself, ard resting on the established
princip'esof law, when applied to indivdnalshold-
ing property in like manner, needs no illustration.
If, on the contrary, they belong to ihe States in their
individual and separate character, then the Go-
vernment would not only have the right, bet would
be bound to apply the revenue to the separate use
States. So far is incontrovertible, which presents
the question, in which of the two characters are
the lands held by the Sta'es?
To give a satisfactory answer to this que:tion,
it will be necessary to distinguish between the lam.s
that have been ceded by ihe States, and those" that
have been purchase! by the Government, cut of
the common funds of the Union.
The principal cesMons weee made by Virgir.ia
and Georgia; the former of all the tract of country
between the Oh-o,  the Mississippi and the iake«,
including the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
i  Michigan, and the Territory of Witltonsar;  and
¡  the latter of the  tract included in Alabama and
| Mississippi.   I shall begin with the cession of Vir-
j  ginia, as it is on that the advocates for distribution
mainly rely to establish the r.ght.
I hold in my hand an extract of all tha* portion of
the Virginia deed of cession, which has any bearing
on the point at issue, taken from the volume lying on
the table before mc, with ihe place marked, and to
whtch any one desirous of examining the deed may
refer. The cession is "10 the Uni'ed States in Con-
gress assembled, for the benefit if said States "
Every word implies the States in their united Fede-
ral character. That is the meaning of the phrase
United Stales. If s'ands in contradistinction to the
States taken teparatcly and ii.dividnslty, and it
■ there could be, by p ••nihility, any diubtonfha!
point, it would be removed by the expression 'in
Congress assembled"—an as-emblase which con-
stituted the very knot that united them. I regaid
the execution of such a deed, m such an as-em-
blage, to the United StUes so as^rmhleil, so conc'u-
sive, that the cession was to them in their united and
segregate chaiactr-r, in c-n radi-unction to their
individual aud separate character, and by necessary
consequence, the lands so ceded belonged to'hem
in their former and not ia their lafer character,
that I am at a loss for word* to make it clearer. To
deny it, would be to deny ¡hat there is any truth m
language.
But as strong as this is, it is rot all. The deed pro-
ceeds and rays that all the lands so ceded, "shall be
considered a common fund fur th" u*e and benefit of
such of theUn ice, States &* have become member* of
'he Conf derati'in, or Federal alliance oí said States,
Virginia inclusive," and eon-Jodes bj saving "and
shall be faithfully and lona fide dispos*d of tor that
purpose, and for no other ire and purpose what-
ever." If it were possible to rar-e a doubt before,
these ful', clear, and «¡pi-cit terms would dispel it.
It is impossible fur language to be clearer. To be
"considered a common fund," an expression di-
rectly in contradistinction to separate or individua',
and is by necessary implication as clear a negativ 
of the latter, as if it had been positively ex-
pressed. This common fund to "be for the use and
benefit of such of the United States, as have be-
Senate.
come or shad become membets of ihe Conreaera-
tlon or Federal a'lunee;" that is as clear as lan-
guage can express u for their common use in their
unit-d Federal character, Virgin!; being included
as thp grantor, out of abundant caution.
[Here Mt. Clay said in an auciible voice, there
were other words not cited. To which Mr.' Cj.l-
ii"UN replied:]
I am glad to hear the Senator say so, as it show?,
not only that he regards the expressions cited stand-
ing alone, as clearly establt-trng a hat I contended
for, bat on what ha relies to rebut  my-eonelu-
!  sion.    I  shall  presently show,   that   the <- pr>s-
| sion to   wh;ch   he refers   will   utterly   fail him.
i Tna concluding wtrds are, "¡hill be faithfully and
i  bma fide disposed of for that use, and no other use
| and purpose whatever."    For that use—that is, the
I common use of the S'ater, in their capacity of mem-
!  bees of  the Confederation  or Federal alliance—
■ and no other; positively forbidding to use ihe fiind
to be derived from the l:;nds for the separate use"of
the States, or to he distributed among them for
their separate or individual use, as proposed by this
amendment, as it is possib'e for worts to do.   So
far, all doubt would seem to be excluded.
But there are other words to which the Senator re-
fers, and on which the advocates of the measure
vainly rely to establish the right. After a-serting that
it shall be considered a common fund for the use and
benefit of the S'ates that are or shall become mem-
bers of the Confederation or Federal alliance,
Virginia inclusive, it ad.is, ''according to their
usual respective proportion  in the general charge
and expenditure." Now, I assert, it these words
were susceptible of a construction that the fund was
intended for ihe separate and individual use arid
benefit, of Ihi S'ates—which I utterly deny—yet it
wcuM bf contrary to one of ihe fundamental rules
of construction to g'v* ¡hem that rotating. I re-
fer to the well known rule, mat doubtiul expres-
sions, in a grant or other instrument, are not to be
so construed as to contradict v.-l-at is clearly and
plainly expressed—as would be the case in ¡his in-
stance, if they should be so construed as to mean
the separate and individual use and benefit of the
States ¡reverally. But they are not susceptib'e
of such construction. Whatever ambiguity may
be suppo=ed to attach to them, will be readily, ex-
plained' by reference to th  history of the times.
The cesrion mi made under the old Articles of
Confederation, accord'P  to which the general or
common fund of the Union w¡>s raited, not by
taxation on individuals, as atp"cs nt, but by re-
quisition on the States, proportioned among them
according to ihe assessed value <>f the r improved
lands. An account had, of course, to be k>pt be-
tween each Slate and the commoii treasnrj; and
these words were inserted simply to direct that
the funds from the ceded lands were to be credited
to States according to the proportion they had to
contribute to the gi-ner.tl or common fund rtrp-c-
lively, in order, if not enough should be received
I from the lands, to m'ct th-r contribution, they
should be deoited with the deficit; and il more than
sufficient, credited with the exce5s in making the
nest requisition. The expression can have no
otrer meaning; and so far from countenancing the
construction, that ¡hi common fund fiom the lauds
should be applied to the separa'e me of ihe Slates,
it expressly provides, how i> shah be credited to the
confederated or ailedSiates vn ¡h?iracc?not cur-
rent with the «enera! or common fund of that Con-
federacy. Tne opposite interpretation vould im-
ply the mtst palpab'e contradiction and absur-
d.'v.
But it is asked, what would have tí be done if
their had been a penn- mnt surplus? Such a case
was- scarcely supposable,  ih the heavy debt of
'he Revolution, aud the small yield from the land
at It.e time; but if it had occurred, it would have
been an ur.forseen contingency, to be provided for
bv the United States, to '.\h<un ihi fund belotiget?,
' and r ot by Congress, as its a.-en', or tru tec, for
i  its manst.rement.
That this expression was intended merely to di-
rect how ihe account should be kept, and not to
make ihstth- separate prop-rty of the S'aus indi-
vidually, which had been declared, in the most em-
phatic manner, to belong to them, and tobe osid
