tu
AÍ £ENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
: :_SÓth _Co;íg.,..~.2md Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Colhoun.
Senate.
by them, as a common fond, in their united federal
character, we would have the most conclusive
proof, if what ba$ been stated already was not so,
in the fact that, in the deeds of cession from all the
other States, Massachusetts, Connecticut", New
Yorlr, Nonh Carolina, and South Carolina, these
«words are omitted.
As to the cession from Georgia, it is impossible
that there should be two opinions about it.   It was
..made under the present Government, and in the
very words of the Viiginia cession, excepting the
WOrds, '-according to their usual respective prorior-
, lion in the general charge and expenditure." The
omission, while the other portion was exactly co-
pied, is significant. The old system of requisition
on the States to supply the common treasury, un-
der the Articles of Confederation, had been super-
seded by taxes laid d.reetly on the people, under
the present Government, and it was no longer ne-
cessary to provide for the mode of keeping the ac-
.count, and for that reason was omitted. But tee
cession by Georgia was, in reality, a purchare.
Tile United States has paid full consideration for
the land, including the expense of extinguishing
tbe Indian titles, and other charge?; and of course
the portion of the public domain acquired from
that State may be fairly considered as standing on
the same principle, as far as the present question is
concerned, as that purchased from foreign powors.
So undeniable is th? conclusion that the lands
ceded by the Slate* were ceded to them in their
united and aggregate characer as a Federal com-
' jnunity, and not in their separate and individual,
inatthe.Senator from Massachusetts was forced to
admit, if I understood him correctly, (and if not, I
wish to be corrected,) that they were so ceded in the
first instance, but only for the purpose of paying
the public debt, and that on its final discharge, the
lands became the separate property of the States.
This, sir, is a perfectly gratuitous assumption on
the part of the Senator, and is directly opposed by
the deeds of cession, which expressly provide that
it shall be a common fund for the use and benefit of
the States in their united and Federal charae'er,
without restriction to the public, debt, or limitation
in point of lime, or any other re*pects. This bold
and unwarranted assertion uny be regarded as an
implied acknowledgment on his part of the truth of
the construction for which I contend, and on which
tho Government has ever acted, but now attempud
to be changed on a false assumption.
The residue of the public lands, including Flori-
da and all the region beyond the Mississippi, ex-
tending to tbe Pac fie Ocean, and constituting by
far the greater pari, stands on a different footing.
They were purchased out of die common funds of
the union, collected by taxes, and belong-, beyond
all question, to the people of the United Stales in
their federal and aggregate capacity. This lias
not r-ee , and cannot be denicdja nd yet it is proposed
to distribute the common fund derived from the
tales of these, as well as fiom the ceded land?, m
diretft violation of the admitted princip'c that the
agent or trustee of a c imaiiw concern has no right,
without express authority, to apply the joint funds
to the separate use and benefit of its individual
members.
But setting aside the constitutional objection, rí
conclusive as it is, I ask what consideration of ex-
pediency—what urgent necc.wtv~iR there for the
adoption, at this time, of'a mejfcore so extraordi-
nary as a surrender to the Sjates, for their indi-
vidual we, of the importa'nHtor-ion of the revenue
derired fr. i.i the public ¡domain, which, it is pro-
bable, will not fall short, fa an average of the next
tea years, of five millioniof dollars? Is the Trea-
sury now bard.nrd with a surplus, far beiond the
van's of the Government, for which all are anxious
to device some met .-tire of r-.lief, as was the cae
when the Senator in traduced and passed his scheme
of distribution formerly? On the contrary, is it
not la the very opposite; condition—one of exhaus-
tion, with a deficit, according to the Matement of
that Senator, and those who act wi h htm, ol many
millions of dollars? And is not the revenue still
declining, so that in a fhort time the piesent deficit
will be double? To take a broader view, I would
ask, is the condition cf^e country less unfavora-
ble to the adoption of the measare than the slate of
the Treasurj?_ Is there an individual capable of
taking a comprehensive view of our foreign rela-
tiens at this moment, who does not sre the impe-
rious necessity of applying every dollar that can be
spared to guard against coming dangers, more es-
pecially on that element where a revolution so ex-
traordinary if going on, by the all-powerful agency
of steam, both as to the means of attack and de-
fence?
If, then, the state of the Treasury and the condi-
tion of the country so urgently demand the reten-
tion of this important branch of revenue, for the
common use and objects for which the Govern-
ment «as crea'ed, what possible motives cnii im-
pel those who are ehorlly to be charged with its
administration, to bring forward, at such a period,
th? extraordinary proposition to take from the ne-
cessities of the- Treasury and the country so larce a
sum, to be distribuid among the Slates for their
separate :-.nd individual use? To this question
but one answer has been or can bo given—that
many of thp States want the money. They have
contracted debts for their own individual and local
purposes, beyond their ordinary m-.ans, and which
the dominant party in those Sta'es are unwilling to
meet by raising taxes on their own people, for fear
of being turned out of power. The result has been
a loss of credit, followed by a depreciation of their
bonds, held by rich capitalists at home and abroad.
The immediate object of this scheme U to raise the
credit of the indebted States by distributing the re-
venue from the lands; that is, to surrender about
one-fourth of the permanent revenue of the Union,
and that the most certain, to enh.-.nce the valu-i of
the State bonds, now greatly depressed, because
some of the indebted States do not choose to raise,
by taxes on their own people, the means of paying
their own debts. To have a tru- coaception of the
whole case, it must be borne in mind that these
bonds were taken by the capitalists on this and the
other side of the Atlantic on speculation, in the
regular course of business, as a profitable inve t-
mmt, and, many of them, at gieat depreciation;
and that the demand on the common Treasury is
substantially to make good, not only their losses,
but to enable them to realize their anticipated pro-
fits.    Such is the object.
We are thu ¡ brought to the question, in what
manner is this deficit of at least five millions to be
supplied? By taxes—additional taxes on the com-
merce of the country, preparing the way for still
higher by combining the indebted States with the
tariff interest, to impose heavier burd;n< on that im-
portan! but oppressed branch of industry. Wines
and silks aro to be seleced, unier the plea of tax-
ing luxury; and much manoeuvring his been >e-
sorted to in order to enlist the tobacco interest in
favor of the tax, with, I fear, too much success.
They are, I admit, fair objects of taxation, and
ought 10 bear their due proportion of the public
burden. I am prepared to act on that opinion
when the tariff comes up for revision, as it must,
at the next session. I go far'her; Fix ihe amount
which the just and necessary wants of Go/ernmeit
may require, including the revenue from the lands,
and I will cheerfully agree to lay as much on luxu-
ries as gentlemen will agree to leduce on necessa-
ries. It is my f'lvi-rite system, and I am prepared
to go as far as any one in that direction. But I
«ball not agree to impose ;i centón luxuries, or ne-
cessaries, on the lich or poe-r, to pay the debts for
which this Government >s in no way responsible, and
which we cannot pay without a palpable violation
of th- Constitution, and gros- iijastice to th? great
body of the community, I was struck wi'h the
fac', tha', while lh- Senator [Mr. Webster]
hí Id out at one moment that the dunes on
wines and siks would fall on the consumers,
and, by CHis~quence, on the rich, in. the very
neti. he informed us that thsy would n't rise iu *
price in consequence of ihe duties, and, of
course, tii.y would e: tirely escarie from them. To
prove that thei would not increase in price in con-
sequence i>f the duties, he assumed, as a principle,
that where one country is the principal producer of
certain article*, as Fiance was of wine and silks,
and another a principal consumer of them, as the
United States were, a dutv imposed on thsm by the
latter would have the effect, not cf raising the
price in the country where it was laid, but to re
duce it where ihey were produced; that is, to reduce
it in France, and not to raise it in the United States.
Now, I put it to the Senator, whether the los?,
taking his own conclusion, could fall on the French
producers of wines and silks, wi'hout, in its reac-
tion, falling also on the American producers of the
products given in exchange for them—that is, the
growers of tobacco, rice, and cotton, which fur-
nish almost exclusively trie means of payment? Is
it not clear, if they cannot sell as high or as much
to us, inconsequence of the duties, that we in turn
cannot sell as high or as much to them in conse-
quence of the fall of price on their products?
Their loss must be followed by ours; and it follows,
according to the Senator's own reasoning, that the
five millions, which is proposed to be raised by-
duties, to make good the deficit caused by the
distribution, would be filched from the pockets of
the honest and industrious producers of our sreat
staples, and not, as alleged by tha Senator, from
the wealthy consumers of wines and silk?. It is
out of their hard earnings that the means must be
raised to enhance the value of the bonds of the
States in the hands of foreign capitalists. The Se-
nator must surely hold in low estimation the intelli-
gence and spirit of the Southern planter, in support-
ing such a pioposition.
But I take still stronger grounds. The necessary
effect of all duties is to diminish the imports; and
the consequence of diminishing the imports is to
dimmish, in the same proportion, the exports. Im-
ports and exports are dependent each on the other.
If there can be no imports, there can be no exports;
and if there be no exports, there can be no
impot's. The exports pay for the imports,
and the impoits for the exports—the one al-
ways implie- the other. So, if the imports are
limited in amount, the exports must be limited,
when fairly estimated to the same amount, and vice
versa. But the erilcts of all duties, whether they
fall on the consumers of the articles on which they
are laid, or on the producers, must be to diminish
the amount cf the imports, and, by consequence, of
the exports. In a word, duties on imports affect
the amount of the exports to the same extent that
they do the import?; and it would have just the
same effect in the end, whether the deficit of five
millions which would be caused by the distribution,
be raised by a duly on tobacco, rice, and cotton, or
on the wines and silks for which they might be
exchanged. The loss would fall, in either case, on
the same interest, and lo the same amount, and
those immediately connected wiih it.
But I rise to higher grounds. As bad as the
scheme is in a financial vie*, it is far worse in a
p.-lit'cal. The most deadly enemy of our s;s:em
-could not, in my opinion, propose a measure better
calculated to subvert the Constitution and the Go-
vernment. It would necessarily place the State
Governments in direct antagonist relations with
this on all qnes'ious except that of collecting and
distributing the revenue, which would end in de-
feating all ihe objects for which it was instituted,
and reduce it ultimately to the odious capacity of a
mere tax collector for the State Governments. In
this there can be no mis'ake.
The money to be distributed wou'd go, not to the
people of the Sta'es individually, but to the Siate
Lee u ¡atures; or, to be more specific, to the ma-
jority, or rather to the dominant portion of the
majority, whieh for the time might have ihe con-
trol. Thsy, and their friends and supporters, would
profit by the scheme. The money distributed would
b? applied iu tbe mrst effective way to secure their
ascendency, an i to give them ibe lion's share of
the profit. The dominant party in the S ates would
thus be enlisted to continue and enlarge the distri-
bution; and when it is added,, that the sums ex-
pended in ihe Slates would embrace powerful local
interests, which would be seen and felt in its effects
by large portions of the people, while the expendi-
tures of the Government would be on object of a
general character, connected, for the most part,
wiih the defence of the country against foreign
danger, which would be little felt or regarded by
the great body of the community, except in war,
or on the eve of hostilities, I hazard nothing in
asserting, that the interests in favor of distributing
