Md
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL06&
Jan. 1841.
26th Co«is "-2>id Sfss.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Wri^h'
Senate.
standing the duly on every article not produced in
the country was repeated, amounting m value to
one-half of the whole, to smh an enormous extent
baa the protective duties been íaised. A remedy
had to be applied to meet ¡he corrupta)!; and dan-
gerous influence oí thus temporary surplus, ttll the
gradual reduction of the prrtecive duties under the
, compromise act would bring them to the ordinary
wants oí the Government. There was but one
remedy, and that was, to take it from the Treasury
The flow was too great f r the most lavis.li expendi-
tures to keep down I saw, in advance, that such
would be the case, and, with the design of devising
a remfdy befo ehand, moved ior a special commit
f tee, with the view mainly of freeing the Treasury
of its surplus, as the great source Oi Executive in-
fluence and power. The committie concurring m
that opinion, recommended that the Constitution
should be so amended as to enable Cong e<* to
make a temporary distribution The repo't fully
explains the reasons ior behtvmg there would be a
large and corrupting surplus, and why, nnd-r the
peculiar circumstances ol the case, the distribution
a* proposed was the only remedy. I bate marked
r portioa ot a that will show the opinion I lr>en en-
tertained in reference to d'stnbuti&n, and which I
U& the Secretary to read
Stand ibeosit a Tit, tit y (find Conai e«
Youl commi tee an Ituly aft ne nl the inwy an I fala! Ijec
Huns lo the disiiibiuion il list. &iur luti revci ue anionr ihe
Suite", consideicdasapiuoi the o dinaiy anliesuhii y tew
of this Government ihey din t ihei i it bo a& Rttat in can le
well imagined file uioiioaiut n itself tint il i t. iv in tot
«IVottM collcot money foi the ; Be; o c o) s {"• t> iwuho i
Biiontd dn,uibutoa ismphjs loi the impuse ol jni¡ntimluii
íOsJíís.is too absm i tore^ane letutatmri aidjeiwhtt worn 1
bu when applUd &s sipposetl, no aland and pcinieioiis w in
tin opinio mryuur committee, in the picí>ei t i\ü toulm iry
mid deeply distad ttd stale ot our alUus not unly eihclul ant
ealtuury, butiudispeusub otitheieiitotamnol ihe body poll oto
a sound condition, just aisjomopo' nt medicire whit h tttonkl
hedaasjeroueantl-uieMd to prescribí to the he%Hlty uurv, to
thiaiáiseesed, be the only inca is tu airostitu iho ban t ui il uh
Distllbuu ti, aipiopt eil, >Miot Im tin pn.pi I i m and dun
gerouspmpi=enf nu-'iiig itivniu 101 theiiihuiim oi ni dis
lrfbmim£ ihe stnpliH is tin tns ot ¡íipelnin/í l sj sh ni i f
tiutiesot luxcb but n u mpm uj n is^ut t uln-pt m. ol nn u i1
voklab esuiplu nhilttli i \ unci l the en ir i it icihit i n
mil which ctnutt bet ib iwh ihsp e dnf \yk!h ut piculy ag
giavnniig a disi ise that Omanna the moM dar^ei un, lii^p
quencos, and which ltd l-xiut tin, hi |e not tnlyol anic u , i •>
ftirtliei pi "jrt ,btHt- 11 hj onn0 the bu !y p ililiou asíale
of health and vt« >i iheinuhol tins as-'eiuon a tew o i ei
vations will stub b to illnutrue
Itmiy p ihaps, bo t,hon_lit 1 y some, ih it tin povc which
Un dio rftniuun among the sun * would brinj Id lieu i unit
llteeSQmmhturo, and us toiweqnont itníe ey lo icUuneli tins
dttfbliiíítHrtoiHS of tu t« ivctitnttnt, w ml 1 bt, t?o ^tton^ üí not
<snly to Cui utl u^o í trim top i e\¡eidmno tint A •> thu
tt ftliil add neceíMi v Such im I inbit llv won tl bo the const
t|U8ttoe, if the | roio^i w«io too lo i, co niuutd, but in ti pio
«ui irr<^ tldi an 1 cvcc^ive t timofiho -yjun when stu fn
tripoul t> Cethrt un lo to ic ntialo !' in. tuiwunn a s '
depattmtni ih< it ir thai iboatiiuu o tins G >vu mm nt will be
ttto mil bledtuetlv tlu net^tue inli r t-iid i Ul l h lln
short peiiid t) wiiitu u I t) t II) linn ibi ijtreiio n
Without )i ml I till ill in O i i t ni i ll v 11 il pi op v. J
íiieaaureshüaltl he tpplit! in iho i h-í ntdis u> I i u oi the
tiovafmnenl i \<ft ct wtul t be like th ti t t,i u e ¡ iw ilt! n!
toratlye medicin , opt ut ni^ in t ¡ n¡, cnn i h i > t!ui ¡f die
prtwntmotb dar mi but n i i'i untlj long lostii ninlti t
another of an opp .eitc eliul u lei
The meisure le'co . men'cd tas n t a'opt 1
It was denied, an i violen ly t't> led, that th rt
would be d "-urplu1-, ana i ic-tt it to tine to dea e
wheh op uioii w i1 nnci i. AyorioMM rou id,
arid corclu j\ ly tct,i i I (¡it i nt Ij>-leid of
ovarraUus;, r<,icn <iC jn nul i I id g ctily un' i-
esümated thesu.p it-., di 1 ltltco ñ n <U the n
1 hid. Il more than tit ttb'°d i vt>i in/cj' It in
I again revived tV> iiedMiit, but lie me t1 ( >d if
acted < n, íijstit.e ion tro i fct e Leii- at >r , % it j
in'evemrg e'ret oa\ tuned the maj ir ty n the
Senate, wh ch i a 1 teen opposed to the A nn >i -
Iratun, t« í) i u>'ty I aeqmes ed, ; ml gave
notice ü at i wo s <1 nut p ^ ihj irn ^jre I hiii in-
troduced ,tnd «(lid 't«v > tne fe^f "n ib i i, \ i h
themajoii) to dev s a icm dy for <\<«it was at
lsstackno  tr fd to te a pea' ard oargercs
eyd. AUfeJt that sonnet uig mu'-tbe done ard tn t
promptly. In tne ctraily e^oanded state tf the
currency, tne en Jt'i <. tt^ «u pHi^ httd il xvert off m
thudiEtctionof tbc public land , and was, by a
bort of rotary est t o , irom the u p ■■ ite banks to
the speculators, and fiwn them to i' e receivers,
and back again to tas banks, to perror-*i the same
round agam,rapidly absorbing evciy acre if lha
public lands. ímo one saw tnoie cle?rly than the
Senator from New Yoik, [Mr. Wright,] ihit an
effeclua! and ¡.peeiy remedy was indispensable to
prevent an overwhelming catastrophe, and he
promptly p.o^osed to vest the surplus in the stocks
of the State, to which I moved an amendment to
deposne it in their treasuries, as being more equal
and appropua'e Thtse were acknowledged to be
the only alternatives .o leaving it in the deposite
banks. Mine succeeded, and the passage of the
deposite ao*, which is now unjustly denounced, in
a car a.n quarter, as distribution, and not as depo
site, as it ually is, followed.
As far as I an concerned, the denuncation is
utterly unfounded Í ie-arded it then, and still do,
as simply a deposite—a deposite, to say the least,
as constitutional as that in St ite banks or S ate
sticks held by speculators nml/loelqobbers on both
sides of the At'atitic, and í¿r more just and appro-
piiate lhaoeither But a hi e I re? ard it as a depo-
st e, I did then, aid nu\v do, believe that it should
nener be withdrawn but in the even! ol war, ttDen
it tvou'd be found a valuable resource
But had it ot-ea in rea'ity a drtribu'ion, it wou d
be, 11 my opinior,yf apt al ogelhi r, in a great mea-
sure, jusyfie t, unaerihf peculiar Circumstances of
the case. Tne stirMs was not lawfully colLcttd.
Congress I as no ngbt to take a teit fiom the peo-
ple, but lor the just ard consti ut onal wants of the
country. To take more, oi ior other put poses, as
in this case, is neitner rat re nor less than tobbery—
more eummal for bemp; perpetratul by atiusteeap-
pom el to «nard th-it interest It in tact belonged
to iWe irom \ Lo i it was unjjstlj plundered, and
if the individual , a d the s.,att ot ejeh, c m'd
ha e been as. i iu lei, it ougiit,on tvetj pnncip'e oí
justice, to hive been let irntd to tl em. But as mat
was unpu> b'e, the neartst pract cable .ípproach to
justice was to return it proportionably, as it was, to
the States, as a depooite, till wanted, for the use < f
the people fiom whom it isas unjustly taken, uisiead
of leaving it with th" banks, lor their use, which
had no claims whatever to it, or vesting it in State
s < cks, for the benefit oí ."peculators and stockjob-
b r
As brief as th s narative is, I trust it is sufficient
to sh )"/ th -1 the advocates of this amenJtrent can
fin 1 nolh ng in my fotmer opinion or course to
w aken my rrsistanee to it, or to form the show of
a pr cedent for th" cxliaordma'y measure wheh
it proposeh. So far froai it, tne deposite act,
whethei vi'wrd m tl e crises which led to it ort's
object an I elTect, s and^ to direct contra" with t.
We s'jsi d, sir, in the midst of a remarkable junc-
ture in o u aira i , the mod remark.ib e in many
ie perts, that has occured sm"e the foundation Ot
t ¡e Gove nment, noi is it prooa'ile tint a similar
ore \vill ever a'^m occur. JVns Govinmcnl ts
nwi h't aificc to i'i ape lis pjhci ,wumba>i<t'scd by
ii sli f en arements ot past l g¡nUHin.ai it was nhm
itjvt uieni into opt rat.in, and tvenmote so The
euiro"i\st m ol p it y oiigtinting in the Fe'eral
cun«o id Jiion chool h s fallen pros HU> 'We have
now no Inn Jt I tent, i o National Eaik,no con-
ti i n with the bai Vi.if; system, no protective
tinll In a woid, tlu paper s>strm, wi'h all its
< )irupt and . orrup mg progeny has, as f^i as this
G iveriuntnt isconcer" d vanished,leaving noth rp;
bit ts 11 ti r funis bohinl Th° great and solemn
qutsti m now to be dee 'ed is, shall we a?;a n re-
tin i .'Pel to, *it ie .¡. jstem of, policy w,th
i1 N d sis ri n e ke I efoie a. and under wmeh
l o c e ryisniv s!,Ttrm¡?, to b a;an Í Heed
withtei i 11 ,'pguva 10 i, or, piofit ng by pist cs-
pTitnte, "/fie prce ous nppor uitty to take the
n y c u se \vh ci cm s«ve th> C i,iit tu n -i
ib r v of the t tin .j -that cl he old Siate 1' = s
R°p iliatp'Iic oi 08? Sec3 i  i' e q e a
s ib nit ed for oiii dee is on at i i s dee-p'y nn mí i
junct.ire, an 1 on hat decisn n hangs 'ne des iw oi
om c ¿muy Afcwje^rs wu^t determus I>L:ii—
vciv much will dep nd on thePteste'entc-lecl I 1  
shou'd re^t n>s polity rn the broad ana sohd princi-
ples 'iiamta ned by bts native S'ft", m h°r purest
■ nd prtudest cVy, his name will go d uvn tc pos-
terity ps one offhe distinguished benefactors of the
country, but, on 'he contrary, ¡fhe shouU adop' the
policy indicated by the amendment, a-d advoca ed
by his prominent supporters in this chamoer, and
at empt to erect anew the fallen temple oi cens h
dation, Aij overthrow, or that of his cntnlry, rmiit bs
tne inevitablt consejuenee.
SPEECH OF  MR.   WRIGHT,
OF NEW YORK
In Seríale, Wednesday, January 21, 1841—The Pre-
emption Bill being under consideration, and the
question being upon the motioa of Mr.  Crit
tenden to recommit the bill to the Committee
on public Lands, with instructions to report a bill
to provide for the distribution of the proceeds of
the sales of the lands among the States.
Mr. WRIGHT said he would occupv a single
moment to explain the singular state of facts be-
fore the Senate, and  to put himself right in the
matter, as he could not hope, at this, or any other
time, to fulfil the expectations which the conversa-
tion now poing on «as likely to excite here and
out o   drors   !t had been his mien ion to take part
hi tne discussion o' th* question now  before the
body, but he did not know, until yesterday  that
the honoiable Senator irom Kentucky [Mr. Clay]
was desirous to follow him, or again to adiress the
Senate in th ' course o' this deba'e.   A private
c aversation betseen himself and the Senator, on
that day, had notifi>d him of bo'h facts, and he had
then manifested  tl e willingness he then and now
felt to accommodate the distinguished Senator on
upon bo h points.
Still the discussionj in the course of that day,
seemed to him to Uke a wide depaiture from the
question before the Senatej and with ihe collateral
ma'ters thus drawn into the debate, he had little,
and did not wish lo have any thing more to do.
His object had been lo obtain the ílo r when they
should have been disposed of, and he had refrained
irom making the attempt for this day, became it
wis expressly uiumated to him that other Senators
de ued to o„cupy a patt, or the who'e of it in a
con muaiice of the d scussion of those collateral
topics. lie had not, theieiore, come to his seat
with an expectation ot addressing the Senate to day,
and being reluctant to tirow himself upon us atten-
tion at any time, he was much more so, when he
was consciously unprepared to oiler the views he
wished to present. Yet rather than see the day con-
sumed, for the purpose of affording him time for
preparation, and be, in the mean time, the declared
object of that delay, he would now enter upon the
task he had de-ogned to attempt, and would ask the
Senate to extend to h m its patient indulgencp,
whtli he should pass, as briefly as he might, over
his too vt luminous notes.
He hjd not desired, if he could have avoided it
cinsisttntly vtnh his s°nse ci his public duty, to
a klress the ¡Senate jt all upon the fieat question
which n w ecu pus i s itie'iitton, or indeed upon
th bill to whith the prop is .ion now under const-
d ration reUtes, but ecessions had an.en, in the
ciurie of the tvds discission, when that duty
seemed impei itivc, ?nd now he would endeavor to
peifoim it wi'.n as little consumption of time as
possible
What is die propost ion immediately before us?
It is very simple, a id may be perfectly intelligible
to all wuo will try to understanf it. It is to take
f o n the permanent levenue oí the country, at a
time when that wh le levenue is confessedly made-
qui'e to meet t' e v<>ms ol the Treasury, from one-
fifth to oi e quarto^ uf i's wind riinount, and to give
it a a ay, so t.ir ts the National Government and its
Tre=tsuiv a e concerned, to do thts at a time when
no pioposition to sup > y the defici ncy of revenue
lo be thus caused is d.rectly and practically before
ei'her Ils-use cf Co~gr«~*, an 1 to do this, under
th se Circuro&tances, wuhm five weekj of the close
of in annual session of Congress.
1 his was presen tris iho quesaon ofadtstribu-
t n of the lind tevenae tj the S ates ia a manner
nil ch it h ,d never before b°en presented to his
in ii', at least, and he be'ieved in a manner and
u et circumi'ances v hich had never before at-
tprdeditspiesentationtoCongiess, ortothe country.
In the curse of the debate, much had been
said of foimer p'opcitions of this character, and
the hi^h antnon'y of di t nguished statesmen had
been quo'ed m fa^or oí  he policy. In favor of it,
h iw? By thus giving away the public revenue,
when ¡he Treasury of tbe people is in want? No!
But by discharging that Treasury from an inconve-
nient, a vicious, and a dangerous surplus, and by
doing that in a constitutional mode, in obed.ence
