Jan. 1841,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lar
26th Cons.•••2nd Sess.-
Pre-emplion Law—Mr. WrizM.
Senate.
to the will of the Constitution-making power o; the
country. He would go back to the first of these
hitih references, in paint of time. A di<iingui hed
Governor ofhis own State, (Dawitt Clinton,) now-
deceased, had been quoted as favorable to this
po!icy. Favorable to it at such a time as this, and
in this shape and way? No, sir. Favorable to it
by way of relieving ihe Treasury from a sur-
plus, expressly reserving any opinion as to
the competency of Congress to make the
dtsribution under the Constitution as it is,
and expressly referring to the source of all
power, the people themselves, as the proper tribu-
nal to settle all doubis upon that point by an
amendment of the Constitution. Expressions of
a subs-quent Governor of his State, and of its Le-
gislature, had also been made matters of reference
in favor of the policy, but ail these expressions
would be found accompanied by the same reserva-
tions cf an opinion as to o\ir constitutional power
even to distribute a surplus, and the same refe-
rences to one great source of power, for authority
to carry out the measures thus equivocally recom-
mended.
The late President Jackson had also been re-
peatedly quoted as a friend to this distribution po-
licy, and quotations from several of his early
messages had been read to the Senate t„ si-iow his
views. Tnis was fair as to him and fair as to '.he
question: hut what were his vieras as thus given
by himself? To distribute the revenue, when tha
Treasury was in want? No, far from that. They
were to relieve the Treasury from a surplus. And
did he express the opinion that Congress possessed
the constitutional power to make the distribution.
No. So far from i', he expressly, in bis first mes-
sage in wh ch the subject is mentioned, and an ex-
stract from which was, but a few da_« s ago, read
lo the Senate, recommended an appeal to the people
to amend the Constitution to reach the cbject.
In that same message, in conformity with his pro-
fessed principles and uniform practice, he says
these appeals should be made in all ci«es where a
reasonable doubt exists, and the exercise of a power
not expressly granted is supposed to be desirable.
He considers such appeals not dangerous to any
sound policy, but heal hiu! and falutary in their
very nature. And why did he favor a distr bu-
tion at all? He tells us it was because the country
was then threatened with a surplus revenue-; that
when the national debt should be fu.l? paid, such
a surplus must accumulate, unless our revenue
laws were materially modified, and that he did not
antieipa'e that the public opinion would sanction
modifications so Midden and extensive as would be
required to bring 'he revenue withn the wants of
the Treasury His only object was to devise a
safe and constitutional mole of disposing of lhat
surplus wlrch did accumulate from l?3í ío 1837,
and which brought upon ihe country many of the
evils under which itsnfieis to this day, and u,.on
this Government the very extravasantes in ex-
penditure of which his po'itical opponen's had so
loudly and persevering!;/ comp'amed; but he did
not propose even the distribut'on of so mischievous
a surplus, without an amendment of the Constitu-
tion, which should expressly confer the power io
do it.
The high authorities, then, to which reference
had been made, were not authorises for the propo-
sition now before the Senate. Tin y had prepared
to di-tribute surpluses only, not cuirent revenue of
which the Treasury was m daili wa.t; ar.d even
such a dtstribut'on as they suggested was alwiy 
with them a question of constitutional power, which
they proposed to refer to :ru sovereign reople, the
source of power under oar system" It was that
question, prominently, which he proposed to dis-
cuss, and he woull proceed to that d scu.vion,
merely remarking that he felt most sensibly hi' ina-
bility to conduct ihe argument as its importance re-
quired. The consciousness of this fact had, from
day to day, detsrred him from making the attempt,
until further delay nrght be, on hi.- pait, a criminal
neglect of a h'-gh duly. That he might now have
the attention of the boly. as far as ti.eir great pa-
tience would permit, giflileraeti would pardon him
for saying that he believed, in his heait, if he
could do jastiee to the facts and the fair csnclu-
s.ons fiom them, this would be the last occasion
upon which the word "distribution," in the sense
in which it is here used, would be heatd in the
hails of Congress, under our present Constitution,
and with an empty Treasury. Now to the discus-
sion.
His first proposition was one which he was sure
would net be controverted from any quarter. It
was, Uut all the powers of Congress rest upon, and
are derived from, ths Constitution of the United
States, and that it has no single power which is not
granted by that in-tremen7.
His next proposition involved the great point in
controversy, and must be disputed, or he uusted
the distribution policy would be nbandoncd until
the constitutional power to adopt it should be con-
ferred. He would state it, os follows; The power
conicrred upon Congress by the Constitution over
the money derived from the siles of the pubjis
land0, and constituting the proceeds of >Vns.e lands,
which the proposition before the Senate declares
shall be distributed to the States, i? identical with,
and in no way different from, the power of Con-
press over all other ¡ooney and property of the
-United States, however derived, or in whatever
s-hape existing7, within the exclusive control of Con-
gress.
He found but two provisions of the Constitu-
tion, materia! to the fair and full discission j>f this
bro d proposition; and those he would read m the
order >hey wete found in the instrument. Toe first
was i'i article first, section eighth, clause first, and
in thes  words:
' The Congress shall have pov.'er io Uy and collect íaxfp, du-
ties, imports, an. 1 excise--; to pay the deb(¿ raid provide fjr
ttie common dfj'enii and t'enernl ?<j{ftireof;t¡': United St:<!n"
btiiall thiues, 'imno.-l*, atiJ cxoisi-b," shall be uiillui-ni tluousli-
out theltimed tálate^ "
If is reacting cf ihis provision of the Constitu-
tion was, that the potter "o lay ami collect taxe=t,
du.ie-, linpo.-t-', and excises,"' vas given to Con-
gress for the puipose (f paying ihe debts, ami pro-
fidins; for ihe common dtjence and gemrnl welfare of
the United SlaUs. He knew a ve.y d.ffdreiu read-
ing had been sometimes contended fr, and that
the second clause of the sentence, instead of being a
limitation upon the powers granted in the first, had
been supposed to confer d'Slinet and gsnaraie
powers of inetf. Under this construction, the
reading would be to give Coti!;¡ess power "to lav
and collect taxes, duti's, imposts, and excises,"
and power "to pay the debts, and ;rovide lor the
common defence and Rcrirrel welfare of the United
States " It «-a; net h s pics'nt ¡ tjjct to enler into
a discus-ion of the eo.Tt'ctn-'SS or incorrectness of
either of th^e constructions, hut simply tosíate
what he be i? ved tobo ihe correct lar.diag, as he
had dote. N.r was be now to mier into argu-
ment of any sort in relation to ihi-' ' geneial wel-
faie" clause of the Constim'ion. He too well ic-
mcmbeicd the volumes which had been wii'.im
open !hesurj<;ct, wiinou! accumpi shmg any t-'her
pnrpcse than to show the .-¡iiiicil (Ufí-r^iiee in the
role v.l.x-h governed the two great coGtemhr.g po-
li'ical pisrti'.s iti construing 'hat instiumer.!, ti, tn
whiih «til ihe po'iV-rj of this Govctnm at luuv. be
ifr.'Wi.. Tohisniind, the si'ius  v«v!> rota s-,r,\iit
of potter «:t all, bs't ;ui cjinm litni'ation upon the
powers conferred by t!;e etiastú which im-scdiateiy
pe.'.cte- it; ard he bütved ths, af thepre-en'
tiree, was a much more un'versa'ly received
op,nicn of the cour.t.y, th^n at a fo.-jier pe-
li'-d. I.) aay eve'i, it there i-ho-ild b^a-Jvoca'c-t
ft-r the d:stnb',-' on of the proceed* of the publte
land , vVo seek the power to'pas* a law for that
p-irpo--e in ¡h's general wel'ar* .clause, it will be
f r the-n to s''>o-.v lhv Living money from the com-
mon Trea-u'y t-- the separate S a'.es. tv b: expended
upon o! jfc s excluri'.-tly of a Stats iharac'er, is, ,'n
f.ii.ness of Itnt-u^g,; a-.d m'erdmei'', to oro-.-tde
for "the general wi-ltcc of the United Slates," in
th-tir nni'ed capacity as contradiitr ■juished from
the ir.divi'ual S.ales as sovereign arid independent
Governme-iis and communities, and which, as
sufh, con.-'i'u'ionally hold their repa-a'e general
welfare in their septrate and tt!d«-p°ndent keeping.
The • ther ch.u.-e of the Con>t;:u'ion to which he
bad referíed, wa^ the second clause of the third
secth-n of the fourth artiel , in the following words:
"The Congress sh iii have power to dispose of ami nraiie all
needful rules anil leguísimo vespcutwg We Territory, or other
property belonging to the United State ; and noilimg in the
Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of
the United Stales, or of any particular Stale."
The powtr here conferred ia over the "territory,
or other properly belonging to the United States"—
terms as broad as could have been used to include
every thing which is property, and* belongs to the
United States, while the word "territory," instead
of lands or public domain, clearly shows that that
single enumeration of a single description of pro-
perty had not reference lo ¡he public domain sim-
ply, in the common acceptation of those terma as
used by us, but was intended to embrace all lands
and soils "je'on'ing to the United States,"however
and wherever situated, for whatever use and pur-
pose heid, and however acquired—all ¡erritory.
The pmver conferred is identical over the "territo-
ry," and over the other "property," and it is to
"dispose of" both, and "make all needful rules and
regulations respecting" both. The grant of power
is as broad as the terms "territory"and "property,"
and ¡he whole grant is alike applicable to both and
either, and to every part and parcel of each. Who,
then, snail say that this provisto  of the Constitu-
tion gives to Congress a power over the public do-
main of the country, which it does not give over
any other property of the United States? That it
authorizes Congress to give away ihe public lands,
and does not give the sams au'hority to give away
the public money? That it confers the power
to distribute to the S'ates, for their separate
use, the mone; in the Treasury arising from the
sales of the public lands, and does not confer the
same authority to distribute in the rame manner,
aid for th- same purposes, any o her money in the
Treasury belorgttij; to the United States, from
 hnever souioe deiived? T.tat it authorizes the
tiUiribution of the proceeds of ihe pub'ic domain,
usually so called, and does not auihoriz? a like dis-
tribution of the proceeds of any other ¡.omen af the
"territory" of the United Stit s? That the lands
can be "old to raise monty for distribution, and not
the fortifications, ships, arms, and any other" like
" ernt"ry" and "property" belonging to the United
States? That the property of the country, as con-
tradistingatshed from its money, may be made a
fund for distnbuion by a sale and conversion into
money, while the money itself required to purchase
the property cannot be so distributed? That all
money in the Treasury, and belonging to the United
Sta'e*, from whatever source derived, is not as
much "property belonging to the United States,"
as "ihe territory or ot:-,er property" mentioned in
ihis constitutional provision, and as much subject
lo the po er of Congress, therein granted over
"the territory or othei properly," either for distri-
bution to theStates, cr for any o-h¿r application or
expenditure?
He would not for a moment suppose that con-
tradictions of ihis character cou'd hi contended for
by any Seeaor; and he must, therefore, suppose
hat the only s¡round upon which tu.s proposed dis-
tribution of tie proceeds of t. e pu&l.c lan.is was to
be advocated snd d.*:ended, vms that ihe deeds of
cts.ion of the pub-ie ck-raam from the States io the
United S'ates I-id the foundaiwa for a "claim" to
such (U-tributien upon some principie, and thus
br"H;jhi the proposition within th° terms ot the last
clause of th'1 constitutional provision Ian referred
to, in ihe following wcrds: "And noth.ng in this
Co ustitution shall be so construed as to prejudice
any tUims of the Ur.it. d State", er cf any particular
State."
That this policy is urged under this clause of the
constitutional provision is made more probable,
from ihefaetih.it its advocates have usually re-
ferred to the cnsiions from ihe States, and the pay-
ment of ths debt of the Revolution, as facts upon
which the right to the distribution on the part ot the
Slat is, and "the auihority to make it on the part of
Congrc-s, were both to be rested. It would be ne-
cessary, therefore, to examine the deeds of cession,
and see whether they furnished any foundation for
"claims" on the part of the Statrs, or any of them,
within the meaning of the provi<i,,n of the Consiti.
tut ¡un above quoted, or of a power on the part-of
Consress to satisfy such "claim-." in the way pro-
posed.
Upon this point his examinations had induced
