128
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fan. 1841.
26th Cong.......2nd Sess,
F) e-emption Law—Mr. Wright,
Senate.
him to come ¡o the fo'iowjng conclusion, arid be
now slated it in the form of a proposition.
The deeds of region from the States of thai part
of the public domain held by and antier those ces-
sions, da not c n'am any thing which gweo the
S ate?, or any of them, "claim*" to those portions
of the public ¡art's, or to the proceeds theieof,
whieh do not equally exist against all other "tern
torjr or property belonging ,o the United Stales,"
nof-do those-deeds of cession contain any thing
whieh confers upon Congress any other or different
power over the ceded land?, or the proceeds from
thff sales thereof, than that possessed by the grant
of the Constitution ever "the territory and property
belon|ihg to the United S a'es," acquired m any
otile* manner.
A. brief reference to the csstons would establish
this proposition. The States which made cessions
under the Articles ot Confederation, ¿nd before the
adoption of the Constitution, were five in number,
and the order of the cessions in pomt of time, were
as follows:
New York—Deed of cession executed 1st March,
1781.
Virginia—Deed of cession executed 1st March,
1784.
Massachusetts—Deed oí cession executed 19th
April, 1785.
Connecticut—Deed of cession executed Uth Sept.
1786
South Carn'ioa —Djcd of ctss.on executed 9 h
August, 1787
All the deeds of cession above enumers'ej were
executed by the delegates rtp.e enung the S'ates
nuttred, m the Cong ess of the Cc.nfedi.ra ion, and
in conformity to laws passed by the Legislatuies of
the r spective States, conkrnog the power upon
their i'elcgties m ills Congress to make the cessions
for them respectively. He had carefully ixamtned
those State laws, and the dee s, executed by iheur
authority, and had fount that, in theteiros of the
grants and the esta es co myecl, >hc au'h  nty thus
conterred upi n the grantors had been can tally fol-
lowed. It w u'd not be nrees ary, ihertfore, for
him to make a referente to the laws One to the
deeds executed under unckr ihem would be suffi-
cient. And here again his references might be ma-
terially abbrevi'tnt.as he found all the grants sub-
«t&ntHfy following eithn the form adnptid by
New York, or that adopted by Virginia, and f x-
iiacts from those two d<cds would si ow ihc natmt
aad rharacter and extent o* the estate conveyed m
all the five esta s
Before here d the extracts it would be p-ofitnble
to make a remark, ihit the p. cubar languure o
the deeds might be more fully und rstomi and
rightly apprccia'ei1 lli-iu «a , at the lime of
these cession , no Union, but a simple 0< rue¡'i r,i
Hon, an alliance oí the. o <1 iluten Stales los
common Government was o.llul <t C( n^tos , l>ut
it was more like a Congas ot Ninons iha>i lit c
th  present Consress cf the United fct m s Ah ihc
Stat<i>, however jepresemed, were cqu il n tivt
body, and it h<ut no power t > act coucively eilhtr
upon the States, or the people o¡ ihe S ttes,
jn the raising cf rev nue, <r the imposition
ol taxes of any chi.r>< ti. Wen moi ey wa.
wanted for the purp sCs of ¡h- rrtumon Go
vernment, the Congress leterrn cl tht, muí
to be raised, apportioned i" amou:; lie Su es
according t arule csubhs1 fd n the \rtir'cs ot
ConfeJtration, and called ti, on e\ h Pta e to raí e
its propon  n, 11 its own way, by vatue of Us cvn
tanii!poitj> and ibnugl  the a^ncy ot is o.ui
affair . Ii ihesv fjcb are borne constantly in mind,
the language u a! ¡a n e deeds ot cession uii, b'
perfectly'in (ell.gib'e
The State oí New Yoi'v oid "cede, traa-fer, and
forever relinquish, to and foi the only « e at d
benefit of such ot the S ates as are, or shall be-
come, parties lo the Articles of Confederation, all
tHnght, tttk)miereit jurisdiction, and claim, of the
said State of New York, to ail lands and territories
to-theaoiihwart and westward of the boundaries
towÍHOh the «Hid State is m manner a'ores-aid
limited and restricted, and ts be granted disposed of,
and appropriated in such manner only as ti e Con
gress of the taid United or Confederated States shall
order and direct."
Tne Legislature of thi State oí Virginia, in the
ac authorizing and direc mg thecessi)n,en3ct that
the lardi ceded "shall be con idered a common
fund for the use and bf nefit of such of the United
States as have become, or shall become, membeis
of the Confederation, or Federal alliance, of the
said States, Virginia inclusive, according to their
usual íespecüve proportions in the general charge
and expenditure, and shall be faithfully aad bona
ftde di-p sed of for that purpose, and lor no other
u*e or purpose whatsoever," and her delegates in
the Congiets, in obedience to that act, "transfer,
assign, and make over, unto the Untied States in
Congtess assembled, for the bensfit of the 'aid
S ates, Virginia inclusive, all right, hue, and claim,
a? well of soil as of juiisdiction, which the said
Commonwealth hath to the teintory, or Uact of
country, withm the lirr its of the Virginia char er,
situate, lying and being to the northwest of the
nvpr Ohio, to sndfor the uses and puipose^, and on
the rot ditiras of die said recited act "
Such were the terms employed, and *uch the
crates- granted by the States oí New York and Vir-
gtn'a, and the other three Stales named followed
substantially the one or the oiher of there fi rms in
their ce^s'ons sub equeotly made. All the five
Sta'es granted all ihey had, all they owned, and all
they "claimed " m the lards ccdscl by them respec-
tively, and wha1 was that9 It was, at most, the
sovere guty, the jurisdiction of Government, and
as appurtenant to th se the njjit to purchase th'
hmts ft >m the hid ars Perhaps, it wou'd b" rrore
lechn oally proper tosiy tint the Sti'es granted the
'o I, the fee, ot the land, with the sovereignty and
junsd ction, and the a'purtenjnt right to pu'eha^e
the posse siry mteresls < í the Indnii' The -ob-
stance is the sam°, However, as each State f rant' d
all u had, "nil its r ghi, title, interest, and ' claim,"
in the laiigupgc ef the deeds.
Is there, then, m pny of the'e deeds, any condi-
tion of reversion? any specific appropriation of the
piocecds of the 'ands, with remainder over to all
or any of ihe S ates? None whatever. The gian's
woie "fi r the only u e and benefit of such oí the
States as are, or thai! become, parties to the Arti-
cles of Conft derail >n," "for the benefit of the said
Stites, Virginia inclusive," and the proceeds were
to be "a common fund for the use and benefit of
such of the United S ales as have become, or shall
become, members of the Coitt deration, or Fcdeial
alliance of the said Siite ," the granting State in-
clusive, "according to their usual resp^cti/e pro-
portions m the scleral ch'ige and exp nditur  "
T<eS ates, undt the Confederation, paid ih-T re-
spective proportions < f the charge and expenditure
of th c ninori Government by State , and cich
vv is 11 receive fiom lh" prrcv-cels ot tht ce !sd Isnd1-
a sh ue f jf-e !y in proportion to its share of ihe
common ch ice H oihei word-% it? pr< pottion of
llatclnve to be raised by tixation ujk n its own
ci \7(xti, nas to be d mmi-he I by if propo tion oi
tl r proced of th" lands, which p^ocfeds v ere to
b a ' co iim' n lund" fi r the btm fit, in mat way,
of all the Stti ss, parties to the aliune liu com-
mon Oovernrnent, the Congress-, was to "di po e
t Í" the lands, bat 1 >r that pui pose, íiii<¡ no other
Suchn.s the <■ ale cf things ur dei  ihe  Conice'e-
1     101
Yls^ d ffcnlties ab-ut these land  realdad the
en Utni) ii ii <I tht Conf d ¡icy Ih^iSlats
which did .lot cUnn any of the celed la ds a>
\n bin th? r 1 mi s, did claim s. commrn rig! t with
ih othei Stales n tbem, cou'endmg ihat tbej were
not ">(t «tno'a'e p'opeity of oer' on S'pks, but a
ja t of the i na'i oin in of the British crown, won
ly cmq estm t   war i f t''f RrveLt on, at tí e
c m- on expense and ¡ e^nl of sil the States, pir-
ties to the war, and thtt t, ey were thus-,of nBht,
mide the common prrpeity of all Tti  State of
Mary'and, though as ac.ive and pi'nouc in flie
prosecution of the war as h-r sister Sia'es dil not
subsenre to Ihe Articles of Confederation unttl the
day of the d?te cf the New York deed of cession,
s'andmg out exclusively upon her claim to a com
mon r ght tn these lands.
The Cons'i'ution was formed in 1787, subse
quentiy adopted by the S'ates, they being tne same
States which were parties to the Confederation, or
Federal alliance, and consequently to the deeds of
c ssion, and the new Government went into opera-
lion on the 4th of Match, 1789. Still the cessions
were imperfec ? The States oí North Carolina
and Georgia, claiming large portions of the West-
ern lands as within their respective chartered limits,
had made no cessions to the common Government.
Tney did, however, subsequently cede, not to the
confederation, but to the Union, at the following
dates
North Carolina—Deed of cession executed 25th
February, 1790.
Georgia—Deed of cession executed 16th. June,
1802
The deeds from these two States were,m all malo-
rid respects, so far a; this argument is concerned,
similar to those executed by the five States before
named. They, like the other deeds, contain no
reversionary clauses, no specific applications of
the proceeds of the lands, with remainders over to
the granting States, or any other, but expressly
declare the ceded lands "a common fund" for
the benefit of the Union to which lh y ceded.
The fact that these States had not made cessions
at the time of the formation of the Constitution,
may and probably does account for the insertion, in.
that instrument, of the c'ause last above quoted, "and
nothing m this Constitution shall be so construed
as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or
of any particular State." What has been before
said wdl show that oilier Stales did claim a com-
mon right m the unceded lands, not as their indivi-
dual and separate property, but as the property of
the nation, of ihe C m federation before the Consti-
tuí on, oí the Union afterwards. Still the ceding
Slates claimed them as their several property, and
hence the ipn^uage, that the Constitution should not
"prejud'ee any claims of the United States, or of
anj particulpi Sta'e." It this conjecture be well
founde), the deeds of cession from these two State 
put at rest forever th: "claims" referred to of all
the parties inteiested, by the surrender ant! relin-
quishment on the one side, and the acceptance and
satisfaction on the other.
Be that, however, as it may, there is not, upon
the face of any of these deeds, any ground for
"claims" in favor of any or all of the States against
the United States, beyond the obligation upon the
fatter to administer the common fund constituted.
by the cessions for the common benefit of the whole
Union, and the right of the former to have it so
a ministeicd. "Whatever may have been the pow-
ers of Congrcs over this fu d, under the Confede-
ration, is not now material, as the parties to the
Cinf-deration are the same patties which formed
and adop ed the Constitution, and voluntarily
merged tht; o'd in the new Government, with new,
a id tl iferent, andd fined powers The Congress
under the Constitution cannot look behind that m-
trame t for either powers or prohibitions, not even
lo these deeds of cesión, or to any o'her act of a
smcle State, or of t^e confederated States If it
possess any power over tais common fund consti-
tuid by the deeds of cession, that power must be
found in the Co-st tutton, and be exercised in obe-
di"nce to its provisions This will te admitted as
to the two ces°j.ons made subsequent lo the Consti-
tuí on, and to 'he Union,and no man has ever yet
been iound to contend trut the different portions of
the ceeled lands are subject to d fferent rules of dis-
pjsition or that the poners of Congre s over them
aic diffpient. S 11 n is worthy of remark, in this
connection, that the power conferred by all the
d^eds of ce sion was ' to dispose" of the lands, and
the power confeired b> the Constituí on is "to dis-
prse," &c of tne "territory or other property" of
the Uni'ed States
It is said, however, that these land*, were, in fact,
ceaed to pay the debt of the Revo'ution, and, that
debt beirg paid, that there is an equitab'e right in.
fdvor of the Slates to a revers on cf the funds, or
to the remainder of the proceeds, for their indivi-
dual and separate use. Indeed, so confidently was
this opinion entei tamed by one honorable Senator,
and he too a distinguished lawyer, [Mr Chitten-
den] that he had, upon a former occasion, said he
ver'ly believed, if a suit in chancery could be m-
stttu'ed against ihe Government, the States would
obtain a decree for the retrocession of the lands, or
a distribution of then proceeds.
