Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cowg.."2¡\d Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Wright.
Had this assumption that the lands were ced d
for the specific purpose of paying the debt of r>e
Revolution any foundation in fact' The assump-
tion, so far as be bad been able to ascertain its
foundation, was rested" upon the resolution of the
old Congress, of the 10 h of October, 1780. That
resolution was in the following words.
"Resolved, That the unappiopmted lands that maybe ceded
or relinquished to the United lstAte= by any particular State,
pursuant to the recommendation of Congress of the6ihday of
September last, shall be disposed of for the common benefit
of the United States, an I be settled and f irmed into dis inctRe
publican States, which shall become members of the Fe lera!
Union, and have the nine rights of sovereignty, freedom and
independence, as the other ¡State*, that each State which shall
be so formed, shall contain a suitable extent of ttrntory, not
less than one hun Ued not more than one bundled and fifty
miles square,oras near theieto as circumstances will adm 1
Tlialthe nccessaty and leasunableexpenses which any pac
ticulai Sítate shall havpmru7red ^inee the commencevient of
of the piesentwar, in subduing any British po,ts or in
maintaining fori*, or gammons within and for the device
or in acqun mg any part of the ten itory that may be ceded or
relinquished to the United ^tatei,, shall be reimbuised lhat
the said lands shall be granted oi settled atsuch times and under
such regulations as shall heteafter he agreed on by the United
States, in Congress assembled, oi any fitneor moreof them J
Here is a promise ot a specific appropriation of
the proceeds of the lands, or other means, for a
certain object, namely, to reimburse the S ates ihe
necessary and reasonable expenses incurred by
them, after the commencement ot tie war, in sub-
duing Batish posts waim the ceded ternary—in
maintaining forts and garrisons within and
for the defence of 'he ceded tctntory, or in
acquiring any part of the ceded tpnitary.
These items of expend ture weie made cljim¿
in favor of the Slates agd>nst the United S a'ts,
but not claims upon the lands particu'ariv. They
were to be claims 11 favor of the par icular States
incurring the expenses against th; common Trea-
sury, and might be paid from the pioceeds of sa'e¡>
of the lands, or from any other means, as
the United States shou'd choose The cess,ons
were not tobe made conditional and dependent up
on the payment of these expenses, and no such
condition is found in any one of the deeds of ces-
sion. Yet this was a sort of specific obligation
connected with the cessions, but not to pay the debt
of the Revolution, or any portion of it which was
a charge against the common Government It was
simply an obligation to pay certain specified ex-
penses which had been ¡i cmred during the war, by
particular States, in acquiring the land, or in de-
fending it.
While, then, this reso'ution furnishes no ground
for the assumption that the land  were cedtd for ihe
specific purpose of paying the debt of t^e Revo'u-
tion, with any legal or cqmtabte «.version to in-
states, or remainder over in the proceeds a ter the
payment of that debt, it does furnish, in this very
stipulation to reimburse 'o the eeding States all the
expenses incurred by them i i acquiring and de-
fending the land0, the strongest circumstantial evi-
dence that no iuch reversion or lemamder, either
equitable or legal, was contemplated, a ,d that ro
dher obligation cr mdeb etln'ss w¿s centrae'ed by
the common Governmeit to ihe Sta'es than that
mentioned and directly assumed. That obligation
has been long since di charged. Tho<-e expenses
of the States we e assumed and paid by th s Go-
vernment, together with their separate debts con-
tracted to carry on the war of th  Revolut on, and
both together lormed a pan of that mass of na-
tional debt which this Government has finally paid
No claim, therefore,in favor et any Stale, can now
be sustained upon this part of t> e resolution, and
none otner of a pecuniary charae'er was incurred
by it.
The deed of cession of Massachusetts makes ex-
press reference to this resolut on, and declares tint
the cession oí that State is made m conform'ty with
it. A reference is made m this resilufon to a re-
commendation of Congress of the 6'h of Septet -
ber, 1780. That is a report and resolut on adopt-
ed in consequence of cert-- m instructions from the
State of Maryland to her delega'es, re pectwg the
Article? of Confederaticn,and containing a declara-
tion as to her common n h s m this lands, the act
of the Legislature of the Sia'e of New York au-
thorizing her cession, and a remonstrance from ihe
Sta'e of Virginia, upon the same general subjects,
all before Congress at the ->a.ne time, and all re-
ferred to the same Gomauttee 0f the body, which
9
mide the tepiit, aid proposed a re,o ut on, by
way of recommendation to the Slates fo-re n furred
to This report and lesoiuuon is no oiiur way
impor'ant to this ciiscuss on, thin to show, as part
of the history of the period, that the cessions from
the States were urged—not so much on ihe ground
of (he pecuniary benefit to be derived to the com-
mon Government, a= to promote harmony among
the Stairs, to perfect ihe alliance, ¿ad bring into
the Confederation the State oí Maryland, which
Slate declined to sub criba to the Articles of Con-
federation, in consequence of dfTrtnces aiout
these land*. A refsrenoe to this repoii was to him
a matter of the highest gratificati n, as it presents
the S'ate which he his the hnnor m part to repre-
sent heie, forem j i m the exhibí ion ot iba* patrio-
lie liberality, which did finally perfect the alliance,
cement the Union of the States, and lead to the
glorious consequences, the clessmgs of wMch we
now enjoy.
Nothing, however, is found in any of these pro-
ceed rgs upon which to found tbeas,u-npuon that
the cessions were made for the spec fio object of
paving the deb' of ihe Re volution, bat, en tKe con-
traiy, the report and both lesolitons, ret ut that
assumption rtirec'ly, and exhibit other and h'gher
objecs as movirg ihe Sta es to loose grant —ob
jects connected wi h he harmony of (he ctai*s,the
Union of ihe S ates, and, consequtii'ly, with their
success m tie fearful stniggle which was to deter-
mine the question of o ¡r independent existent e as
a nation. He felt author z^d to CTiclu \e, there-
fore, that th s assumption had no foundatim in
fac*,and could not be sustained by '"-e his or/ of
thj transactions, pnd it foiling, the a st me i rights
of revors on or remainder in the St ,fs, t) the lands,
or their pr ceeds, supposed to (low i oír anel rest
upon ¡t, must fall vu>h it.
S'lll fmther gr und r assume 1, however, and
that v, lhat an equttubl* right t> ihe n-'t p>-oteeds
of these lands, afier tne payment of debt sf ihe Re-
volution, results in faior of the States, notwith-
standing there are not, in the deeds of cession, or
m any of the proceedings on the part of the Slates,
or of the United States, any terms or conditions of
reversion, any reservations of remainders, or any
specific application of the fund to the payment of
that debt. This broad assumption of an equity
would require examination in various aspects.
The first step m th s examma'ion wou'd seem to
him to be to mqu,re to what pa' is  th s equitable
reveision, cr i gh , not o'airred a pa U r t ( law, or
oí f,ur legtl inference from the dee's, bi t ps a ge-
neral equity, w th< ut spcoirW foundation, would
enure, in case the right shoult be recognised'!
Could it be to any o'h-r pari.e- than th< ee malting
the grants' He thought not It «as found that
there was no reverán in terms, ana no remainder
reserved, either to the ceding Stves, or to a 1 the
States, and the ch m was nri  nfm"*p "q'tit", with-
out legal fonuda'ion, snd s?id to resn't f,om Ihe
cortvpyat ees Cou d such a claim  ent" to r-irtits
not known, not th u'ght of, i ot in exríe ce, at the
time the grants were nade? He aflm t ed the
r cht ol anj grantor of an es'a en seen e remain-
der? and melons to ary parties he mii,Vcuoosp,
wheiherin existenc" or not "t the tnie of ihe grant,
but he could not corceive of a resulting legal right,
much les  of a r^sulacg equity, to an tn ire siranzer
to the c nve,ance, to one ot wnosc ex stence the
grantor had not a thought, and towards «1m he*e
could have been no mention of maling the fratw
The claim is that of a mere legal, or equitaoh\con
sequence. It is rested upon the assumpt on that
the estate convejed was a mere trust, that 'he trusts
have been fulfil'eJ m the p-ijmentcf the debt of
the Revolution, and tha', in the absence of other
express provision, a reversion, lcg-il oi equitable,
follows Follows to whom' To v.hat pan es' To
any but the grantt is? Ceitam'y not Itwastom-
petent for them to have secured remaindei s and re-
verse ns to whatever parties they p eased, but it is
admitted that they did not do so n any parties, by
the terms cf their grants. If, therefore, any such
resulting right can be sustained, it must be m favor
of the seven ceding States only, and upon the prin-
ciple that wh?tever remains from an esiate granted,
beyond the full purpose and object cf the grint, as
well by legal as by equitable consequence, reverts
to 'he grantor. In other words, wnat is not grant-
ed is retained, and when the grant is satisfied the
remainder, if any, re'ts where it did before the
grant.
If this position be wrong, and the deeds of ces-
sion are susceptible of a construction which will
ma'ie thi- equitable remainder, or reversion, enure
to the benefit of all the States, jet the claim as-
sumes lhat ihe lands have been a mere trust m the
hands of the Feder"! Government, a trust te pay
ihe debt of the Revolution simply, and that the
remaining, or reversionary claim m favor of the
Sta'es is OEe exclusively equitable, there being
neither the specific application of the fund, nor the
resu ting right expressed ii the grants. In this
sense the equ ty mus , of course, be claimed from
ihe trustee, subj-ct to all eqjitable demands against
the estat  in his hands. How, then, will this claim,
m'erpesed in favor of the States to the proceeds of
the public lands stand, upon a fair adjustment of
accounts betwehn the trustee and the cestui que trusts;
between the United States, which have held and
managed the fund, and the several S'ates ¡n whose
favor the cteim is made?
It has already been seen that, so far as ihe pecu-
niary interests were concerned, the States did not
convey a clear title, but the mere right to purchase
such a title from the Indians The trustee, thera-
fore, must make this purchase to bring the trust
fund m o a productive ofate at all, or to render it
possib'e to perform the trust, which is assumed to
be ihe pay meat of the debt of the Revolution. If
these be sound positions, tKere is a very short way
of showing that the equity in the remain3er, or re-
version, wha'ever it may be, and however clearly
it may exist, cannot jet attach, because the nett
annual proceeds of tha lands do not now, and are
not anticipated for the year to come, to be equal to
ihe currrnt charges upon the Treasury, ior the
purchase of the Indian titles, and that branch of
the Revolutionary debt yet undischarged. Two
items only of ihe current ordinary expenses of the
Government will demonstrate this fact.
The Indian annuities are debts contracted for the
purchase of the Indian title to these lands, and the
Revolutionary pensions are, upon every fair princi-
ple of equity, a part of lhat debt which it is as-
sumed the lands were to  pay.    It might be sa d,
lhat these  pensions were  mere gratuities, discon-
nected from the legal debt at the urn  of the ces-
sions, and, therefore, not legally chargeable upon
the funoi thus provided for the payment of lhat debt.
Admit this objection, m its legal sense, and what
is  its iqwtable  a peel?    Why have  ire  p«-n ions
been granted?   Is it not because resola íors of th 
Congre s held out inducement to enter the milita-
ry service of the country which were not lu filled,
and because the currency in which the soldiers m
lhat memorable  war were   paid  was valueless?
Wff not these, 'hen, equitalle claims against  t>e
United States, and are not the ppyments equitable
charges upon a ft nd dedicated to the payment oí
the Revolutioiiaiy debt, before a meie inferential
and cinscqiien'iil equity can sweep away lhat fund?
It did not appear to him that ihe point admitt d'of
argument.    It was too clear for discus  p, and too
just for  resi tince.    He wou'd  state  the sccounr
current between the Treasury ¡>nd the  lands, up(n
this simple principle, and see what was the equita-
ble remainder or reversion to the States.
The fCnal amount payable to the various Indian
tribes annu My from the pubbc Treasury, as an-
num- s secured to taem b/ d fferent treat es, arid
as in ere st upon monsy s'ipiilaled by treaty to be
peiman=ntly invested, and  not vet invested, as
shown by a s'a'ement in his hand, carefnllv pre-
pared at the Indian Office, is       -    $817,793 00
The actual paj men's from the Trea-
sury for Revolutionary pensions,
for the j ear 1839, as -hoa-n by a
statement trom the office of the
Second Comptroller of the Trea-
sury, and now before him, wer"    2,950,131 75
Making, tcgelher, an amount of an-
nuities for Indian l?nds, and pen-
sions to sfficers and so'diers oí
the Revolution, pav abler annual y
trom the National Treasury, of #3,773,938 75
