Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
26th Cong-...2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Wrignt.
Senate.
ally ceded, including the cession of
Georgia            -           -           -       224,546,974
Oat of these lands Congress has made
certain specific grants, vir
Por military bounty knds,
(acres) 4,266,615
For schools, roads, canals,
&c. -           -           -       8,673,278
And'there was reserved  in
Indian treaties, to be sold
for the exclusive benefit
oflndiam,   -           -       6,830,051
And certain pnva'e claims
upon the lands northwist
of the Ohio, existing pre-
vious to the cess oss, have
been since allowed, and
have taken, -                   2 310 265
---------—   22 080,209
Thus leavng the number of acres for
sale, and to produce money to  the
Treasury, out of the whole cessions, 202,466,765
Of this quantity of the ceded land-., the
Indian title snll remains not jet ex-
tinguished, or, m other words, the
United States have not purchased,
the following parcels, viz.
In the State of Ohio, (acres) 107 816
Do.         Indiana,          504 800
Do.         Michigan,     8,932,440
In the Ter'y of Wit.kon-.an, 17,377,675
---------------26 922,731
This leaver the number of seres own-
ed by the United States, by clear ti-
lle, and which could have bee  and
can be sold tor the benefit of the
common Treasury,            -           - 170 5 '4 031
Out of this number of acres, the Uni-
ted States had, on the 30th of Sep-
tember 1839, sold, and received
piyfor,     ....   69,678915
Leaving, of the ceded lanh, suscepti-
ble ot sale, on the 1st October, 1839,
this number of acres, though por-
tions had not b-en snrveved and
made "subject to sab,"      '*         -105,805 119
These lands are situate m the follow-
ing States and Territories, viz-
In the State of Ohio, (acres) 1,801,394
Do.        Indiana,        4 984,354
Do.         Illinois,        19,436 870
Do. Michigan, 20 998,493
Do. Alabama, 19,940 585
Do.         Mississippi, 11,549,003
In the Ter'y of Wiskonsan, 27,154,420
---------------105,865 119
These statements, as will be seen, exclude the
remnants of the ceded land bflcnging to the United
States in the State of Tenaessee. The reason  for
that exclusion have been before given, and the stm-
ple fact only requires menuon here. It will be
seen from the above table that a very large propor-
tion of these lands are in Sta'es extensively settled,
and whelher, from the fact of those settlements, and
the improvements consequent upon them, ihe Ian Is
are worth more than lhe average of the publ c
lands, or whether they are from ibis same fact of
extensive settlement , culled and inferior UnH-, he
had no means of determining-. The term of jears
for which maiy of these lands have rema ned m
the matker, and subject to sale at $1 25 per acre,
to any purchaser who should ch^se to ent"r th?m,
is certainly not favorable evidence either as to thru
quality or location, oi boih
Such, however, is the extent and pte^ert condi-
tion of this ceded territory, and such the fund from
which any distribution, rested upon the deeds of
cession, mu>t be made, and not from that great
public domain of the Unton, the mest of which has
been acquired, not from the States, but by
purchases from foreign Governments, by the
powers of the Union, and with the "propert}," the
mmcy, of the Union.
This would bring hm to a further position,
Which, in his mind, was most material to the pre-
sent discussion. The assumption wa  that on equi-
ty, on the part of the States, to the distribution pro-
posed, did actually exist, from whatever source
that equity was derived, and upon whatever foun-
dation it might rest Still the equity set up and
contended for was merely to the nett proceeds from
the sale's of the public lands, and it became, ihere-
fore, material to determine what was "rettpro-.
ceeds" from those sales, in an equitable sense, be-
tween the common Treasury and the several States;
inasmuch as the proposition wa^ advocated by its
friends, as he had bed re shown, upon equitable
and not legal grom ds. What expenses, then,
should be deducted fiom the gross proceeds to de-
termine ihe equitable nett amount for distribution?
He would name ihe heads of those expenditures,
which he thought such a rule would deduct, and
he would leave it to those who should lol'ow him
in the discussion to point out his errors, it any,
upon either s de. That he should not include any
head of expéndame which ought to be excluded,
he felt sure but that h1* should omit some which
ought to be included, his very impeilec; acquaint-
ance with the subject rendered more than proba-
ble. The following, howevei, were the heads of
expenditure which he would present
I.  The purchase money for lands paid to the
Indians .n hand.
2 The annuities stipu'a ed by treaty to be paid
to the Indians in lien of purchase mom-y.
3.  The expenses of holding Indian treaties for
the purchase of lands.
4   All paj ments stipulated to le mpd<? to In-
dians, by lh" t canes with t^em, lor buildings,
school5, mechan cs' tool-, ni '1 , imp emi ms ot hus-
bandry, ?nd ihe Idle, all t'ese bung payment  m
lieu oí puich íse money
5    All expense", of thercm'xvl of the- Indians
from fie lands, and ot t-ieu sul s terce on Ihe way
, nd. at their new h( mt«, whsn nude from the Trea-
sury of the United States.
6   All expenses of the survey of the lands for
?a!e.
7   All expenses of the Surveyor Genrral's offices.
8   All expenses oí the local land officts, which
are not paid in commisaons upon the morey re-
ceived
9    All expenses of suiti to establish the tule to
the lands,or to maintain it, pnl to p otcct the lands
from trespasses.
10   All expenses of lh" General Lind 0/h-e at
Washington, and of the ofliccs to preserve the re-
cords ot ti'les elsewhere
II.  The five per cent commissions reserved to
the new States, by the terms of Ihsir admission into
the Unton.
All the expenditures, undei all these heads, have
been incurred, and must have been incurred, to
enable the United Sta'es to perfect, preserve, and
maintain, the titles to ihe lands, to pro tot the lands
from waste, and to make sale of t^em, and thus
execute the alls-ged trust of pajina the debt of the
Revolution from their avail- "Nett proceed-,"
therefore, could not be looked fu until these ex-
penses were paid beyond the assumed t>-ust
It was proper here to say, that most of the land
bills heretofore mtroluced, and which had occu-
pied the attention oí Congres- at former ¡sessions,
either d.d not prescribe any rule to determine what
should be considered nett p-rcceds, oi prescribed a
rale erroneous m principle, and unju-t to the Na
tional Treasury He believed there hal bien six
of taese bills ptesentcd to, ard considered by, this
body; an ¡the fi/st tour provided for the distribu-
tion of the ' net! proceeds" of ihe sales oí the lands,
without declaring what shou'd b° con- dered such,
or laying down any rule by wh ch that sh uld be
determined. The two last declared tint tne expen-
ditures under the following hea is should be deduct-
ed fiom the g;ross proved-, an 1 what remained
should b° heid to be nett p.oceed*, viz
1. The sa'anes and expenses on a count of the
General Land Office.
2   The cxpen es of survevwg the pub! c land-.
3   The salaries a-id expenses tf the Surveyor
(Jem rat's tfuceo.
4.  The salaries, commissions, etc of the regis-
ters and receiveis ot the local land offices.
5.  The five per cent, upon the amount of sales,
reserved by the terms of their admi-sion into the
Union, to the States in which the landi are situate'
The deductions here provided for, it cannot fai
to be seen, ars merely such as are indispensable to
keep the system of sales m operation, and do not
make any allowances for the expense of acquiring
the Indian title, of defending that title, and clear-
ing it from the Indian possessions, and other incum-
brances—expenses as necessary to bring the landi
into the market for sale, as those of the land sys-
tem itself. Such a rule of nett proceeds was
to charge upon the common Treasury, and the re-
venues of the country derived from other sources,
the cost of the land  and of acquiring their posses-
siort, ana to divide their avails among the S'ates
dtschaiged from that cost
This brought him to another and most impoitant
position in this discussion. It was that, upon the
tatr rule of calculating the nett proceeds of the
lands which he had laid down, there never had yet
been any nett proceeds, either for application to
the debt of the Revolution, or for distribution,
whether the whole public domain, or the lands
ceded by the States only, were taken into the ac-
count. This proposition might be startling to seme
members of lhe body, as it would no doubt be to a
very large proportion of their common constitu-
ents, and yet he had taken the utmost pains to learn
the truth from the proper offices, and he held in his
hand the official statements to verify this posi-
tion. He had procured ihe data from which he
spoke during the Ian session of Congress, and the
arcounts were brought up to the 30th of Septem-
ber, 1839, but nothing had transpired, since that
tine, whi h could materially vary the results then
exhibited. The facts were taken from the records
in the archives of the country, and must, if any
thing ctuld, lay the foundation tor correct and sate
ctn< lusions
He would first state the account with the whole
public domain, as these records presented it.   He
would not detail" item , as that would be tedious
and unprofitable,  but the statement  before him
showed that the cost to the United States of Louisi-
ana, as purchased from Franc*, and Florida, as
purchased from Spam, the payments to and for the
State of Georgia in conformity with  the terms of
the cession, the expenses of the General Land Of-
fiee, of the local land ófricas, including salaries,
commissions, and the like, the expenses of sunejs,
including those of the Surveyor General'.- Offices,
and the five per cent, upon the amount of sales to
the new Sta'es, had together, up to the 30th of Sep-
tember, 1839, amounted to           - $49,081,173 20
A si mtlar statement from the Indian
Office, made upon the principle
of estimating perpetual annui-
ties at a capital wh cb, invested
at five per cent, would produce
the annuity, annuities for terms
of years at their actual amount,
and life annuities as annuities
for  twenty one years, and   all
oiher   amount      as     actually
pad,   or   stipulated   by   trea-
ties   to  be piid and yet due,
showed that the amounts actu-
ally paid and liab.lities incuired
by thi* United States for the ex-
tinguishment of Indian title to
d fterint por ions of the public
lands, and for the removal ot the
Indians therefrom, up to the 30th
Sept mfeei, 1839, were -          -   85 974 052 84
Making the whole actual co5t of
the public domain, t) the Trea-
sury of the nation, up to the
da'e named    -           -             #135,055,225 04
A  statement  from the   Genera!
Land office shows that the gro s
receipts of money from the sa e
of land=, up to the same date,
was but                                      ¡16 198,179 15
Thus leaving a balance a--aimt the
lands, and m favor of the Trea-
sury, upon a simp'e comparison,
between the expenses iox their
