Jan. 1841.    ________           APPENDIX TO TAB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                       is
26th Cono......2nd Sess..                                        Pre-emption Law—Mr. Wright.                                                                       Senate.
cal with a proposition to distribute any other equal
portion of the revenue, derived from customs, or
from any other source, or an equal ponion of the
proceeds of any other property if the United States.
His cou'se of argument was,
First. That the power given by the Constitution
to Congress, over the lands or ''territory" and
over all "other property belonging to the United
States," was iden-ical.
Second. That the deeds of cession from the
State  contained no provisions laying a foundation
for "claims" upan the lands, or their proceeds, in
favor of the ceding States themselves, much less in
favor of the other Sta'es, within the meaning of the
second clause of the third section and fourth article
of the Constitution.
Third. That any such "claims," if existing by
legal inference and consequence from the cessions,
and whether of a legal or equitable character,
could only so exist in favor of the seven ceding
States, and not in favcrof all the States, to which this
proposition proposed to distribute the proceeds of
the public lands.
Fourth. That no such "claims" flowing from the
cessions, either by express provision, or by legal
inference and consequence, can attach to any other
than the ceded lands and their proceeds, while the
'proposition under discussion is to distribute the pro-
ceeds of the whole public land% including as well
the proceeds of the public lands acquired by pur-
chase as of those ceded by the Slates.
Filth. That if, as is insis'ed by snme, there be
f qubable "claims" in favor of the Stales to the nett
proceeds of the put lie lands, after the payment of
the debt of the Revolution, no such claims can yet
exist, because that d-.-bt is not paid, and cannot be,
while the Bevolutionaiy pensi ns remain a charge
upon the Treasury; because no part of ihe pro-
ceeds of the lands have yet b-en applied towards
the payment of the Rev< lationary or any other
debt, except the expenses incurred for account of
the lands themselves; and because, whether the ac-
count be stated with the whole public domain, or
with the ceded knds only, the whole proceeds have
not yet equalled those expenres.
Sixth. That ihe sum paid to the States under the
deposite act of 1836 is greater than any sum they
ould have received under any of the former land
bills, if either of those bills had passed and become
a law, and consequently any equity in favor of the
States thus attempted to be established, had been
cancelled by payment in money.
He would now pass to another view of the sub-
subject. Much had been said, in times gone by, of
the seventy, the injustice, the cruelty, of our Indian
policy—of our driving ".he poor Indian" from his
home, and the graves of his fa'hers, without a just
compensation for his lands or a suitable provision
for himself. At one period during the late Admi-
nistration, complaints of this character took a po-
litical and partisan direction, and the venerable pa-
triot then at the head of the Government, with the
friends who supported him, were charged with cru-
elty and extortion towards these ignorant and un-
p.-otected native?. Tbe treaties making for their
lands were broadly and loudly censured as oppies-
sive and unjust, as securing no adequate return to
the red man for the value of his property wrenched
from him; and his removal from the lands, ia con-
formity with his trea'y stipulations, was characte-
rized as nothing short of a violent exercise of arbi-
trary power—an expulsion by force from his native
hearth and his native hom".
Perhaps impressed with a sense of the partial
justice of these complaints, the then President, Ge-
neral Jackson, directed a change of the policy as to
the purchases of land, and a treaty was entered in-
to with the Chickasaw tribe of Indians, covering
their whole extensive country e-ast of the Missis-
sippi, in the month of May, 1834, upon the new
terms proposed. These terms, were, in brief, that
the United States should become the trustee of the
Indians, without compensation, for the survey and
sale of the lands and the removal of the tribe
to their new homes in the West, and
should account for and pay over to them
the whole proceeds, merely deducting the actual ex-
penses of the execution cf the trust; but reserving
po commissions or other compensation for the su-
perintendence and responsibility. This new poli-
cy met the approbation of this body, as the treaty
was ratified here, by the vote of two-thirds, of the
members present necessarily, and thus became the
supreme law of the land, as between the United
States and these Indian?, and as between the Trea-
sury of the United States and any proceeds from
the Chickasaw lands. He well recollected that, at
the time, this treaty was freely a^d universally
spoken of as the commencement of a new and
more just policy in our dealings with the Indians,
and the subject impressed itself more strongly up-
on his mind, because it was substastially the policy
which his own Siate had pursued in the purchase
of the Indian lands within her limits, and subject
to her pre-emptive right, ever since he had had any
knowledge of her Indian relations.
His present impression was, that this treaty with
the Chickasaws was among the last which had been
made between this Government and the Indian?,
covering any large extent of lands. Was this
new, more liberal, more just, mere humane policy
to prevail hereaftet? Wh^o vtould rise in his place
here, and say it was not? Who would contend
that, for tbe sake of bringing money into the Trea-
sury for distribution to the independent States of
this Union, speculations were again to be attempted
in the purchases of Indian lands? If no one, then
th.; question of proceeds f r such distribution, be-
yond the unsold lands to which the Indian title has
been already extinguished, is at rest forever.
Tbe extent of the interest in the unsold lands to
which the Indian title has been extinguished, he
was Hnable to siate, as he had not possessed him-
self of the facts upon that point, except as to the
ceded lands. In reference to them he had done so,
wilh great labor, and he hid reason to believe with
great accuracy; and ai tome of the leading features
of this discussion made iha facts upon this point
most important, he would asain refer to the exact
figures, in another view whi h he was now called
upon to tate of thi* equity in favor of the Slates,
growing out of the ceisions.
The assumption and argument is. that the ces-
sions were made to pay the debt of the Revolu-
tion, with a resulting equity, not in favor of the
ceding Slates, but of all the States of the Union
at any period, not expressed upon the face oí the
deeds of cession, but following as an equitable con-
sequence from all the transactions connected with
and relating to the cessions. This position and ar-
gument pre-supposes that the payment of the debt
was ihe first condition of the tru^t, and that ihe re-
mainder over to the States was ihe residue of the
fund after the pavmentof that debt out oí it. The
equity contended for, therefore, must be to that re-
sidue of the convnon fund constituted by the ceded
lands, for it would be trifling to say that the ces-
sions were made to the common Treasury to con-
stitute a fund for the payment of the debt of th 
R-volution, with an equity over in favor of the
Sfates, to such remainder as might exist after the
payment of tbe deb', and ihat that equity at'aches
before one dollar has been taken from ihe fund to-
ward; the payment of the debt, for ihe payment of
whica it was exclusively pledged: m other
vvorr's, to contend that the entire pledge, the very
object and purpofe of the cession, has become
merced in tbe mere equitable remainder, and that
that incUemal snd inferen'ial equity now swallows
up the whole, and mare than the whole, fund; the
entire proceeds cf the whole public domain, over
and above the necessary expenses of Administra-
tion.
Take then the fair ground of the argument, that
the equity, if it exist and can be maintained at all,
is to the remainder of the fnnd to arise frsm the
sales of the ceded lauds, after the payment out of it
of the debt for which the fund was constituted and
pledged. It had been already seen that, of the
ceded lands, the Indian title remains yet unextin-
guished to 26 933,731 acres. If the policy adopted
in the Chickasaw treaty is to govern the extinguish-
ment of the tide to these lands; if the Indians are
to receive the whole proceeds as the Chickasaws
do, deducting merely the setual expenses, then no
proceeds are here to be reali2ed, either to apply re-
wards the debt, or to strengthen tha remaining
equity in f&w of the States.   All that remains,
theretore, for both objects, is the quantity of- the
ceded lands, yet unsold and to which the Indian
title has already been extinguished. That quan-
tity had been shown to be 105,865,119 acres. A
balance in favor of the common Treasury* for the
mete expenses upon the ceded lands, has bean
shown yet to exist to the amount of more then
eleven hundred thousand dollars, which should be
first paid out of this uns-ud remainder of the fund.
Then the future expenses of management and sals
and collection mu=t be deducted from the proceeds.
Then the debt of the Revolution, usually so called,
exi'stirgat the time of the formation of tbe con ;ti-
tutional Government, was more than one hnn.lred
millions of dollars, and after all these demands
shall be discharged from the proceeds of 'he sales
of the one hundred and five million- of arr-'s
of culled lands, what do g-ntlemen suppose will
be left for distribution to the States under ibis al-
leged resulting equitj? Is there a'm?n who be-
lieves that ihí claims specified can be r-3m from
the re'Adunm of the fund? He did not beli-v-'e there
was, and yet he had said nothing of tbe R3vilu-
ticnary pensions, as a pat of the Revolutionary
debt, and which were now a larger sum annually,
than could be brought into the Treasury 'it pro-
ceeds from the sales of tie ceded lands remaining
unsold. Admitting, therefore, forthe sa'-.e of fhs
argument, the equity claimed and contended for,
and which is not admitted for any other parpóse,
or believed to be sustainable upon the f;.c"s, and
there does not seem to be any fund upon which it
can act in aid of the measure now proposed.
A sing!e other piopo:-ition would enable h'.,f> t>
cos>ie to the close of thu part of his argu'r.ei1.; r-.nd
that was one which hid been refeire.'to in his
opeo mí r- marks, and wh>ch would nowbefulV
admitt"d by every friend o' the etistribui-nn v^o'iey
in t'-.e S'-nale. It was tha' the common '!'rras -ly
could spare no'.hifg from its pr<s?nt revenues,
those from all 'h° public hnds included, and m^t
the necessary expenses of the comtsou Govern-
ment, wi'hout an increased supply of means,
from some other source of revenue, at least equa.!
to the amount of money distributed under the
name of nett proceeds of the land sales.
It was his goád fortune, after the tedious details
he had been compelled to go through, to kn-nv,
and to be able to say to the Senate, that very-
brief references of this character would content
him upon this point. He had before said bis
notes were prepared during tbe last scss:<. a "í C-jii.
gsess. His re.'erencs, therefore, as a reeess;>ry
consequence, had been made to the sute oí t-c
Treasury at that time. The year 18-10 w-^s then
his lest of the proposition—a year when the esti -
mate of revenue, from the proper department of
Ihe Government, was less than the estimate of e:-r.
pendiiure by one million four hundred thou--s.ni)
dollars. This expected deficiency was to be met,
for that>ear, by tbe unexpended balance in the
Treasury on the first day of it, and by the avails
of certain debts due to the Treasury from tbe bank>,
growing out of the accumulations of reveaue m
former jears.
Still he had felt it tobe his duty, racking hi*
remarks now, to apply them, in thi.. respect, to the
anticipations for 1841. He found the citisiaies
from ihe same Department, f«-r the current reve-
nue of the piesent year, to exceed :hat of ti-e csr.
rent expenses by three millions three ba.:drod
and thirty thousand dollar-; but, at (he s?,mi'
lime, presenting the two material fae's that
the collection upon the deb's to the Treaforv, r ¡th-
in the last year, brd very nearly fiensumtd 'hat ac-
cumulation of means from the revenue of for.ner
years, which wis then made a reliance, an 1 ha' m
outsianding debt, in the shape of Treasury not",,
issued for the expenses of thi last year, w *tld fa'l
upon the Treasury for redemption durii;, th  pte-
sentyear,overand above the current cxpen-esof tbe
year, which would very nearly consume th s sur-
plus of revenue, and all which could be farther re-
alized from the debts agsinst the banks, a<-d would
only leave in the Treasury, on ihe 1st if January,
1842, the sum cf $S24,273, in case every thing
shall be realized which is anticipated, and appro-
priations of Congress shall not exceed by a dollar the
estimates cf expenditure.
