136
APPENDIX tO TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 184Í.
26tp ConS"..2nd Sess.
In reply to Mr. Webster and Clay—Mr,. Calhoun.
Senate.
I stand corrected, and am happy to hear the de-
nial of the gentleman, I had so understood him,
and ata gratified that he had so restricted the
right as to.exc'ude the revenue from tajes. But
I cannot be mistaken in assorting that both of
the Senators concur in regarding the power con-
ferred in the provision referred to as having no
imitation tekattver but the discretion of Congress.
i such be the true construction, it would, of
course, give the right of making the proposed
¿istribution; whieh presents the question, has
Congress the right of disposing of the public
domain, and a!l the other property belonging to
fhs Union, and the revenue derived therefrom, as
it pleases, Without any constitutional restrictions
•whatever?
Before I proceed to discuss (hat question, it
will be well to ascertain what is the extent
and value of the property embraced. The
public domain, as has been frequently stated
in the course of the debate, embraces more
than- one thousand millions of acres; and ths
other property includes the public buildings,
docli and navy yards, forts, arsenals, magazines,
ships of war, cannon, Rrms of all descriptions, na-
val stores, and munitions of war. It is difficult
lo estimate the value of the whrle. The public
domain alone, according to the estimate of the gen-
tlemen, (no! mini-,) at §1 25 per acre, is worth up-
wards of $1,200,000,000; and, including (he value
of the other property, the whole, at the lowest esti-
mate, must far exceed f 1,500,000,000, and proba-
bly would equal not less than $2,000,000,000.
Such is the extent, and value of the property over
which the two Senators claim for Congress unlimit-
ed and absolute right to depose of at its good will
arid pleasure. And the question recurs, have they
such right? A graver question has never been
presented for our consideration, whether we rf gard
the principles, the amount of property, or the con-
sequences involved.
„ Now, sir, in order to test the right, it is my in-
tention to propound a few questions to the Senator?,
to which I hope they will give explicit answers.
Suppose, then, in the progress of time, an admi-
nistration should come in, (I make no allusion to
the next,) which should think an established
church indispensable to uphold the morals, the re-
ligion, and the political institutions <sf the country:
would it have the right to select some one of the
religious sects—say the Methodist, Baptist, Presby-
terian, Episcopalian, or Catholic—and erect it into
a splendid hierarchy, by endowing it out of this
ample fund?
[Mr. Webster. The Constitution expressly pro-
hibits it ]
Í hear the answer with pleasure. It a^isns the
true reason. Here, then, we have a limitation in
the Constitution, by the confession of the Senator;
and, of course there is one restriction at le-ü-t on
the unlimited right whieh he and his friend claimed
for Congress over this vast fund. Having made
good this step, I proceed to take another.
Suppose, then, that such an Administration
should undertake to colonize Africa, with the view
of christianizing and civilizing it, and, for that pur-
pose, should propose to vest this vast fund, or a
portion of if, in the Colonization Society: would
Congress have the right of doing so? Or, to take a
still stronger ease. Suppose a majority of Congress
should become Abolitionists: would it have the right
to distribute this vast sum among the various Abo-
lition societies, to enable them to carry out their fa-
natical ¡schemes? The Senator is silent. I did not
anticipate an answer. He cannot say yes; and to
say no, would be to surrender the whole ground.
Nor can he .«ay, as he did, that it is prohibited by
the Constitution. I will relieve the Senator. I
answer for h m: Congress has no such right, and
cannot exercise it without violation of the Consiitu-
tion. But, why not? The answer is simple, but
decisive;—because Congress has not ihe right to
exercise any power, except what is expressly grant-
ed by the Constitution, or may be neceser? to ex-
ecute the granted^ powers, and that in question is
neither granted, ñor necessary to execute a granted
•power.
Having-gained this important point, I next ask
¡be Senators, wonld Cong re s have the right to ap-
propriate tbe whole, or part of this vast fund, to be
diawn direcly from the Treasury, ¡a. payment of
the principal or interest of the State bonds? And
it not, (&« they certiinly would not, for the reason
already assigned ) has it the right to give it to the
S ates to be so applied? Can il do that indirectly
by an agunt, which it cannot constitutionally do di-
rectly by it;elf ? If so, I would be glad to hear the
reason. 1 might proceed and propound question
after question, <qually embarrassing; but abstain,
lest I should exhaust the patience of the Senate.
But there is one question of a different character,
wl'ich I must propound, and to which I woujd be
e'ad to have the answers of the two ingen'ous and
l'arred Senators. They are both agreed, as I now
understand the Senator from Massachusetts, that
the revenue from taxes can be applied only to the
objects specifically enumerated in the Constitution,
and in repudiating the general-welfare principle,
as applied to the money power, as far as the reve-
nue may be derived from that source. To this
extent, they profess to be good State Rights Jeffer-
sonian Republicans. Now, sir, I would be happy
to be informed by either of the able Senators—I
regret that one TMr. Clay] is not in his seat—by
what political alchymy the revenue from taxes, by
beifg vested in land or other property, can, when
again turned into revenue by sales, be entirely
freed from all the constitutional icstricnons to
which t! ey were liab!e -before the investment, ac-
cording to their own confessions? A satisfactory
explanation of so curious, and apparently incom-
prehensib'e a process, would be a treat.
The Senator from Kentucky LMr. Cur] failing
to find any argument to sustain the broad and un-
qualified right of distributing the revenue from the
public lands as Congress might think proper,sought
to establish it by precedent. For that purpose, he
cited, as a pri-cedent, the distribution of armt
among the Slate?; which he contended sanctioned
aho the distribution of the revenue from the lands
among them. The Senator forgot that it is made
trv duty of Congress, under an express pro-
vision of the Cons.itution, "to provide for arm'ng
the militia;" and that the milia force belongs to the
States, and not to the Union; and, of course, that,
in distributing arms among the States with the view
of arming thorn, Congress but fulfil a duty enjoined
on thvm by theCont-tilutioi.
The palpable misconception, as I must consider
it, into which the two Senators have fallen, in refe-
rence to this important question, originates, as I
conceive, >n overlooking other provis:ons of the
Constitution. They seem not to advert to the fact
lint the land  Ik long to the United Swes—that is,
to the Slate i'i ¡l> -ir united and Fedt ral character;
and dut t:^ G.wcromen', instead of beinc the ab-
solute ¡.ropr.elor, is but an age-it anointed lo mi-
nage the joint concern. They oveilook as ill more
important consideration—that the CJmle 1 Sta'es, in
their united and Federal character, are restricted lo
the express grants of powers contained in the Con-
stitution, which says that "the powers not dele-
gated to the United Stales by the Constitution, nyr
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the
States respectively, or to the people;" and, also,
that the Congress of the United S'ates, as the com-
mon agent, is restricted expressly, in the exercise
of its powers, to the, objects specified in the instru-
ment, and passing such laws only as may be- ne-
cessary and proper for carrying them into execu-
tion. It follows tiat Congress can have no right to
make the proposed distribution, or u«e its powers
to effect any other object, except such as are ex-
pressly authorized, without violating and transcend-
ing the limits prescribed by the Constitution.
It is thus the whole fabric erected by the argu-
ments of the two Senators falls to the ground, by
the giving way of the foundation on which they
rest, except the small portion of l;nds embraced
in the Virginia cession; which I will next pro-
ceed to show stands on ground not more solid.
It will not be necessary, for that purpose, to tra
vel over the arguments which I offered, when last
up, against the right to make the distribution,
attempted lo be deduced from that cersion, and
which have been so much enlarged and stregthen-
ed by the ftble and lucid speech of the Senator
from New Tort, [Mr. Wbiqbt.]   I propose sim
ply to reply, in this connection, to the arguments
of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] who I
again have to regret is not ¡n his place.
"His first position was, that the resolution of the
old Congress, which recommended to the States to
cede the land to the Union, held out, as molives,
the payment of the debt contracted in the Revolu-
tion, and the inducement it offeied to the States to
adopt the articles of Con.ederation. From this,
he mftrred that these constituted the sole objects of
the cession. I admit that, if there was any ambi-
guity m the deeds of cession, as it respects the ob-
jects of the cession, a reference to the resolution
which proposed it m'ght be fairly made, in order
to ascertain the intention of ihe parties; but that is
not the case. The deeds are couched in the
broadest and most comprehensive terms, and make
an absolute cession of the lands to the United
States, as a common fund, without limitation as to
the objects.
But the argument on which he mainly relied
was, that, although the cession is of the United
States in their united and Federal character, to be
adminis'ered by Consress as a common agent, the
use is for the Siates in their separate and individu-
al character. If the fact were so, the argument
would be strom?; but it happens to be the very re-
verse. It is expressly provided in the Virginia
cession, that the land shoull be considered a mtii-
mon fund for the use and benefit of the States, as
members of the Confederation or Ftderal alliance,
and for no other use or pwpose whatever. The Sena-
tor will not venture to deny that common is the ve-
ry opposite of separate; and, of course, the distinc-
tion on which he so much relied, that the use was
wat sépante, falls to the ground.
His next position rested on the expression in the
deed of cession, "according to their usual respect-
ive prop ¡rtion in the general charge and expendi-
ture," which has been bandied about so often, in
this and former discussions on this subject, that I
will not go over ihs argument again, as conclusive
as I cons'der it, as I am sure the Senate must be
surfeited to nausea with those words. I take
higher ground, which £ regard as conclusive, be
their meaning what they may.
It will not be denied that the Constitution must
override the deeds of cession, and that of Virginia
among the rest, whenever they come in conflict;
and that, for ihe plain reason that the parlies to
bo'h were the rame, and had of course n right, in
adopting the Constitution, to change or modify the
previous ac's of eetsion a* they pleased. Now,
sir, I repeat, without Sear of con'radiction, that the
Constitution, in superseding the old system of re-
qni'i'i n on the S'atp-, a'-; the modo of raising the
r.iiiiiiKii! supplies of tho Union, by the system of
taxing tho p« iple directly, snperyeded this par-
ticular provision, which, all admit, had reference to
the former system of requisition. The Senator
himself ii reality admits lach to be the fact, by
proposing to distribute the revenue from the lands
according to federal numbers—'he rule of imposing
direct taxes under the Constitution; instead of the
assessed value of i-nproved lands—the rule of making
requisitions under the old confederation. This pro-
vision, then, being thus superseded, the lands are
left, as the property of the Union, for the common
use of the States which compose it, freed from
th se di-puted words, and without the semblance of
a doubt; and the Constitution accordingly speaks
of the public lands, in broad and unqualified term?,
as belonging to the United States.
The last ground assumed by the Senator was,
that as the lands are common properly, it is com-
petent for Congress, as the common agent, to di-
vide their proceeds among ihe United States, as
joint owners. It might be true in the case of indi-
viduals owning a joint farm, to be worked m com-'
icon, as supposed by the Senator; tut that is not
analogous to the cass of the United States, where
there is a joint concern, for specific objects, with a
common agent to carry it into effect, for the joint
inteiesl oj the conce,~n, without etny authority to distri-
bute theprofits. In such a case, it would be contrary
to the plainest dictates of reason, and the establish-
ed principles of law, for the agent to undertake to
apply to the sjparate and individual use of the
partners, what was intended by them for the joint
