144                                                APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G]
26th Cong......2wd Sbss.
been unrivalled. The census of 1830 showed the
population to be about one hundred and fi ty seven
thousand, and it is in 1840 almost half a million
I have no hesitation in saying the census oí 1850
will exhibit at least one million of sou's in Illinois.
There is no interior State in the Union, so far frcm
the ocean, that has such facilities for the transporta
tion of her products to market as the S'ate of Illinois
possesses.
The resources of Illinois are incalculable, and
will, when properly developed and made available,
reduce the present State debt into insignificance.
Possessing these physical resources, Illinois has
al o an honest, industrious and intsiligent popula-
tion to sustain and support the honor and character
of the State at all hazards.
The Chief Magistrate of the State, in his la'e
message to the General Assembly, pos ess,ng that
neble and patriotic feeling which actuates all ho-
nest and patriotic men, and expressing a/ac simile
of the sentiments of the State, says
"A failure to meet promptly a single one of her engage
mentó would inevitably throw around her iutuie operations
difficulties that would prove desti urtive to her character and
wteiest, and in a great degree, paialyze hei eneigies
"Although theie may be but one opinion mi m^oui citi/tns,
that the money for which we are indebte 1 b is been injudiciously
appropriated, still their vutne and patuotism—their high sen e
of honoi andjustice ltnpeuously iotbid delinquency in ttspiy
ments Iamclearly coi vmccd that they would look upon no
calamity which might belall them, so ereat and humiliating as
that which would strip them oí their reputation foi punctutluy
and probity m their eng gemtnts When a hítate loses sight
of thece paramount const leratione in her public policy when
she ceases to hold integrity up to the world us the polai -.tat
of bel legislation—when she bee. mes catcltss of her standing
among the communities aioun 1 her «ho will settle down in
hopeleBS degradation, antllccome the scorn and contempt of the
world Strongly impiessed with these sentiments, I have ton
voked you "
No hing can be more honorable and patriotic
than the above recommendation to the Legislature
I hope the member^ of the General Assembly will
take fire at the holy zeal of Governor Oarhn for
the honor and interest of ihe State; and make am-
ple provision for ihe punctual payment of interest
on the State debt
This debt itself is not «to great as is supposed
without examination. The whole debt for
the canal wbieh is already contracted and may
hereafter be contrpcted to complete it, cannot in-
jure ihe State. The amo mt at present is $3 950,-
000, and perhaps it will require a similar sum to
complete it Th'S work will take two or three
jears to finish, and when completed, will not only
pay the interest on the dtbl, but produce a conque-
rable rtvenue to tbe S ate This is ihe most im
portaot work m the Unit n, or perhaps in tha woitd
It connects a more extensive region of (em e coun-
try m commerce, than any other improvement on
earth All the wattrs of the valley of ihe Misms-
sippi p e connected by it m h the Lake>, St Law-
rence and the various kcihiics of commerce in ihe
State of New York
The country is becoming so denstly populated)
and the improved ems tf the sime so much ad
vanced, whose mteres's it will be to uae tl is can il,
lhat it will be a s mrce of revenue to the State so
soon as it is comple'ed
It is ninety teven miles long, sixty feet wid  at
the top water mark, and the water in it six feet
deep, commencing at Chicign, on Lskf Michigan,
and terminating at Peru, the head of navigation on
the Illinois rtvtr
I may add that about two hundred and s venty
thousan'acres of land, which were gran ed by lie
General Government to (he State lor the construc-
tion of tino eanal, remain yet unsold, and will,
when the tana! ts fi u>h°d, produce an amount of
money that will go far towaids liquidating the
whole debt For ihe sa e of part ot the^e lai ds
the sum of $l,117,b54 is now due the c^n<tl.
The total bsnk dtbt is $3,100 000 Thus amount
is m operation in ihe bariKs ol the State, and yields
a dividend of sis or eight per cent, so that m fact
that is ntt a debt, but rather an income to the
State.
* The internal improvement debt is $"3,187,000 for
the sale of ¡.tock for railroad and nver improve
ments. There are various other items of indebted-
ness, which, added 1o the above sum, swells it to
$5,345,000 The railroad iron amounts to half a
million, which is unsold. There are upwaids of
forty thousand acres of land appertavowg to this
Treamnj Note Bill—Mr. Welkr.
fund, and oilier property and buildings, so that the
debt of the State, on which interest must be paid,
may be placed at about $4 000 000. Not many of
the roads on which the above sum was expended
are completed, so that, as to the present time, ihe
State will receive no great benefit from them. The
State debt to the school fund is near $800,000, and
the sum to the banks of the Stare, which constitute
the whole State debt. The domes ic debt, for
which the S ate has isiued no bond', will not press
on her at this crisis for the interest, so that ihe only
debt for which the State staads bound to provide
for the permanent payment of interest, is that of
$4,000,(j00 for the railroad system
The canal debt, and that for the banks,and some
others, are not computed m the four millions of
dollars for which the State is bound to pay inte-
rest. All the others are for works which enher
will sustain themselves, or not pre s the payment
of interest at the present time.
Mr Cbairiran, having resided in Illinois from
my early youih lo the present time, and thereby
being identified wiih the people m all our common
interests and feelings, I would be derelict to myself
and the people were I to remain silent and heir the
character of my country assailed for the non-per-
formance of her engagements. I therefore make
the above unvarnished statement in the perform-
ance of my duty to the people. The public is uete-
by enabkd to lorm a correct judgment on this sub-
ject, which it m) only obpet
Note. —Since the above speech was delivered,
the Sup eme Court of the Stale of Illinois has de-
cided that aliens are entitled to vote.
SPEECH OF MR. YVELLEEt,
or onto
In the House of Representatives, February 3, 1841—
On the Treasury No e bill,
Mr "WELLER addressed the committee as fol-
lows-
Mr Chairman In rising to address the commit-
tee at this late hour in the debate, I can scarcely
hope to say any thing that will be worthy of their
serious consideration My object, however, is not
"O much to discu s the immediate question before
Ihe committee, as to allude briefly to some of the
various topics nhich gentlemen ot the Whig party
have introduced into ihi-. debdtp
I'he question upon which we are now caled to
vole, is, whi ther or no we will authorize the Se
cieUty to isoue five millions of Treasury notes, to
snpp'y a temporary defice cy in the revenue
The fcxcretai), who is oy law placed at the htad of
the fin mees of ihe Government, has, in the dts-
chai^e of his cifi lal duties, presented a report, in
whu li he informs us that it will be ntct-s ary, m or-
der to meet dll t e demands against the Govern-
ment piomptly when pre enttd, that a debt should
be contracted to ihe amount ot five millions of dol-
lars, not for the purpose of supplying a permanent
dtfioency in me Treasury, but for tte purposed
am cipating ihe revenue In o her words, he csti
males that the receipts into the Tieasury will, dur-
ing the vho'e year, be amply sufficient lo defray
alt the neces ary expenditures of the Governmen ,
but that, in consequence <f ihe limited rece p s
during the first quarter, and th? great demands
pgaiM->t the Treasury at that tune, there will rot be
enough to meet all the liabilities as they fall dup
The reasrn of tins is, cbvious, and is sa lsfactonly
explained in the repoit—the larger portion of the
revenue will come into the Treasury towards the
clo <e of the fiscal year, whilst fh  heavie-t demands
will be made at a much earlier period The use
by ihe Government tf its own credit, m ih^ form
of Treasury notes, is deemed the cheapest, as well
as the most convenient, way of meeting this state
of affairs, and has been resorted lo at various times
in the history of our Government. In ihe report
before me, th  Secretary sets down the whole
means of the Government, for the year 1841, at
$24 723,473, and estimates the ordinary expenses
at $19 250,000, to this last sum is to be added
$4,500,000 fsr the redemption of Treasury note?,
and the further sum of $149,200 on account of tbe
funded debts, chit fly for the citi s of this District,
making, in all, $23,899 200 So that there will
be, at the close ot the ye0r, should Congress con-
LOBE.                                  Feb. 1841.
______________________H. of Reps.
fine the appropriations to the estimates, after all
payments whatever, a balance of $824 273 in tbe
Treasury. Here, then, is the official report,
made by the Secretary under the re ponsibi-
ltties of his oath, exhibiting the fiscal situa-
tion of the Government, lhat officer has all
the data in his possession necessary to enable htm
to communicate the truth to Congres". He has
done so. and yet we find gentlemen on this floor
making a systematic effort to induce the country to
beheve that there is a psimxnent deficiency in Ihe
revenue, that the Government is deeply involve 1 m
debt, and that no reliance is to be placed in the re-
port Now, Mr' Chairman, why is it that the
leaders of the Whig party here are laboring so as-
siduously to produce the impress on that the Go-
vernment is in debt? The reason is apparent to
every man who has paid any attention to ihe
movements of that part). They dtsire to make
this a pretext for an ex'raordinary session of Con-
gress, and then, by resorting to a loan, create a na-
tional debt, and thus lay the foundation for the es-
tablishment of a National Bank That cla s of
politicians who believe that a national debt "is a
national blessing," has not jet become extinct.
They know that the B nk of England (and from
that country they borrow many of their political
dogmas) would soon totter, and crumble to ihe
ground, if it were not for the enormous debt of thtt
country, they know, too, lhat a National Bank can-
not be sustained in this Government without a na-
tional debí; and hence their efforts, on all occasions,
to produce a necessity for one.
I have been considerably amused at the contra-
riety of opiii on amongst the learned Whigs who
have addressed the commi tee on this branch of the
sulject. They all agree that there is a permanent
deficiency in the revenue, and yet differ widely as
t" the amount of that deficiency The gentleman,
from Maine [Mr. Evaní] declares that the defi-
ciency will amount to fiom seven to ten millions
of dollars ! The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Bell] thinks it will be some fifteen millions! The
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Thompson]
says about twelve or fifteen millions. While the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Barnard,] ottt-
ciphenng the whole of them, pu's it at net less than
forty millions' Now, sir, whatever confidence I
may have in the mathematical learning and ability
of the e gentletnen, y«t I prefer, in a case of this
kind, relying on the report of the Secretary, who,
from his posinon as ihe fiscal officer of the Govern-
ment, is enabled to look over the whole ground,
and give us trie true condition of our finances, he
must, certainly, uiid rsiand the resources of the
Government, the sum lhat will probably be received
in the Treasury, and the amount necessary to a
proper admim-.tiation of i s affairi Tins bill is
founded on that repon, and we, who are now in the
majority here, are no' only willing, but anxious, to
provide the «ecessary means to enable those who
are "¡oon to take charge ot the Government, to
meet all the demands against tie Treasury, and
preserve the public credit in/iolate. Al hough
the Administration we have supported has been
defeated and overthrown, yet our interest in the
Government does not cease on the 4'h March nex .
No, sir, the fame love of country—the same ar-
dent desire to perpetuate tte liberues transmitted
to us by our ancestors, that actuated us in by gone
years, still animates our bosoms, and, although
displaced from offiee, we still cherish our institu-
tions, and wish that they may be so administered
es to promote the interests and advance the happ -
ness of the people. As I know these to be my own
feel ngs, so I believe them to be the s-ntiments of
the party to which I belong.
Several gent emen of the Opposition, high in the
confidence of the Whig party, have, during the pre-
sent debate, advocated the establishment of a Na-
tional Bank, as not only constitutienal, but as ab-
solutely necessary to a proper administration of the
fiscal affairs of the Government I have no dis-
position to anticipate this question, by entering into
a discussion of its merits at the present time, but
when it is submitted, as it probably will be at the
next session of Congress, as a distinct proposition
for action, I trust I will be ready to meet it. In
the mean time, however, I may remark, that it is
