Feb. 1841,_______________           APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.__________145
26th Cong...-2.\"d Ses>s.                                   Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Wetter.                                                        H. ot Reps.
now before the country, a* one of the piomment
measures of those who are soon to come into pow-
er; and, as such, demands the serious considera-
tion of the American people. Upon this subject,
permit me to say, I stand where Thomas Jefferson,
the great apostie of American Demociacy, stood m
17 91;and deny the constitutional power to create
each an institution. This, sir, is my position, and
no human power snail drive me from it. As long
as I retain a seat in the public councils, as long as
my constituents ho;i r me with their confUetice,
you may rest assured that no institution which ex-
ists by a violation of the Constitution, and which,
in its practical operation , is calculated to swallow
up the sovereignty of the States and the rights of
the individual citizen, will receive my countenance
or support. But, sir, although invited by gentle-
men on the other side, I do not intend to debate
this subject now, but merely to mark it as one of
the measures of the new Administration.
I have said, Mr. Chairman, that the leaders on
the other side have attempted, by their ingenuity
in the use of figures, to make us believe tkat there
was a permanent deficiency in the revenue. If such
be the fact, (whicn is by no means admitted,) how
comes it that we have a proposition in the other
end of the Capitol (the Seriate) to divide the pro-
ceeds of the public lands amongst the Sute.? If
the Treasury is, as yoa allege, already bankiupt,
why increase that deficiency, by cutting off the re-
venue arising from the pabhc domain? Sir, this is a
new plan for replenishing a d.fioient Treasury, and
deserves to be ranked a.nongst the greatest dis-
coveries of the age. You have said that there was
a "permanent deficiency" in the Tica, un;
and, in order to make ¡his true, yeu piopose
to give a poiticn of t■>.- revenue to the Stales! But,
sir, I deny ¡he power, under the Constitution, to
distribute this money amongst the Sla'es, as has
been contended for by gentlemen on the other side
of the House. Cmgie.-s has no power to levy
taxes on the pptple, to collect money for distri-
bution among the State*. No gentleman in this
House dare rise in hi  place, and assert the consti-
tutional right of Congress to divide the revenue col-
lected under your tariff laws amongst ¡he Slates.
The money arising ¡torn the sales of the pubiic
lands goes into the Treasury, constitutes a part of
the revenue of ¡he Government, and is hable to all
the restrictions imposed by the Conslnution upon
any part of twe public treasure. If you can dis-
tribute any portion, jou can distribute the whole.
But, gentlemen tell u*, ¡his money arises from the
sa'e ot the lands belonging to the Government, and
that the Constitution declares that Cunsress snail
have power to dispose of the territory belonging to
the United States. It, under this section, j ot¡ claim
the power to set! the public domain, and aistr.buie
the proceeds to the Stales, you can levy taxes on
the people, purchase land, sell it, and divide the
proceeds. Now, it is a well settled rule m law,
that you shall not be p°rmi'ted to do indirectly,
what you are not alloweJ to ouectly; so that, m my
humble judgment, the admission that Congress had
not the conslitutional po t-er to distribute iha mo-
ney collected by means of a tariff, is a surrender
of the question, and an acknowledgment of the
unconstitulionality of the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands.
But, sir, this distribution act, so far as it goes,
is intended to be an assumption of the ¿State
debts; its effect will be to enhance the value of
the State bonds, some of which are now wotth
only sixty cents on the dollar. These bonds, to
the amount of more ttian two hundred millions,
are now held by ihe British bankers and brokers;
and you propose, by assuming the debt, to
enhance the value in their hands; thus giving
them at once some seventy or eighty millions
of dollars! Many of the States have rnr p¿r-
fectly wild in their schemes of internal improve-
ments, and have contracted dubts abroad, which
you now propose to pay by imposing additional
burdens (tor you must increase your tariff if you
divide the land revenue) upon the people of'the
non-indebled as well a-s the indebted States. It
was boldly charged on the Wlvgs during the
late canvas;, that, if they succeeded, the Briti-h
bankers would have cause to rejoice; for a bill pro-
viding, in some shape or form, for the assumption
of the State debts, would be passed. It was
charged that these bankers were exerting the influ-
ence which their money gave them to defeat the
present Administration. They held upwards of
two hundred million^ of our str-cks; and it is un-
reasonable to suppose ¡hey would remain inactive,
when their pecuniary interest, to so great an extent,
was involved in the contest. I do not intend to say
that a sufficient number of votes were actually
purchavt-d to change the result—(although, under
the pipe-laying system, which has recently obtained
in many parts of the country, much was doubtless
used m this way)—but that its corrupting influence
was seen and felt, in ¡he prm'iüg and attribution
of the various publications made by the Whigs,
misrepresenting the acts and traducing the charac-
ter of the present Chief Magistrate, and m the
getting up of idle shows and pageantries. That
foreigners did interfere in our elections is proved
by the numerous publications which have recently
been made, it is unnecessary for me toread them;
for they have already been submitted to the people,
and have doubtless received, as they merited, their
serious considers'ion. I present, however, one ex-
tract from an English paper, snowing the feeling
of the people of that country againn tie Demo-
cracy of this:
"The election of General Harrison to th; Presi-
dency of the Unit"d Siates is an event deeply inte-
resting; to England.
"Mr. Van Buren was the deadly enemy of
Great Britain. He stimulated the various crusades
against paper m^ney. He headed the coaspi-
racies that were formed for the puip.'se of defraud-
ing English oiedrois out of the dents dua them by
Amer.Cii. fie was die abettor oi tiias.m in C..r?.-
da. He prompted resista/ice to ¡he ji/s'¿ cla'rns of
England in reference to the J\rurtLñast b'ALndjiy ijues-
tion.
"The   sympathies   oí   General   Harrison   point,   j
we   believe,   in   a   ¿ireclion   the   reverse  of   that
to which the prejudices of Mr.  Van Buren inclined.
"The e'ectiou of General Harrison is, in
short, a result on which England may congniiuiuie
herself"
This extract is taken from the "London Morn-
ing Chronicle," and is, in my opi don, the high,
est compliment that could be paid to Mr. Van
Buren. To be abused and denounced by ths
monarchists of England, is the strongfst evi-
dence of his attachment to our free institutions.
But, sir, I have no disposition to pursue this subject
fanner.
Some gentlemen, seeing iki (Vlenma in which
they were s.oout to be placed by trie distribution
act, have sought to leiieve them elves by a propo-
sition to l=vy a duty on wines, síIks, &a. and tnus,
by the imposition of new ¡axes on the p. ope, sup-
ply die vacuum produced in ihe Trcti/.nry by trie ¡
withdrawal oí. th  land revenue, so that, in orJi.r
to have money ior Jis'ribuiion to the Stales, you
must mercase the burdens on the people. This is
not, in my opinion, Mr. Chairman, th<? proper
time lor the adjustment ot tin1, que.stior; but when
the tariff comes before Us for revision, it can be
discussed. In the meanwhile, let us husband our
resources by an economical expenditure; and, if
duties are 10 be levied on these articles, let it be
tiiken off, in a corresponding degree, from the ne-
ceisaries of life, m order that the laboring nun
(who, after all, is compelled to pay this duty,) may
bs relieved as far as possible from taxation. But I
have no deposition to debate this question now.
The genilern&n from .New York, [Mr Barnard ]
notwithstanding ho declares there is a "permanent
deficiency" in th- revenue of some forty million--',
charges the Democratic party widi "niggardly par-
simony" in the Admimsration of th-' Govern-
ment; and hopes that, under General Harrison's
auspice*, trie various harbors, fortifications, and
other woiks vjrneh, he a-leges, we have neglected,
will be liberally attended to ! Instead oi rcduoir.g
the expenditures of the Government, &s the Secre-
tary recommends, he is for increasing then;; n>,d
¡his. I sctpp se, is his plan ior dimmish n;; hs de-
Sct o' i'oi y miiiions in the revenue. B;>t, sir, we
are charged with r. "uij.g.rdly parsimony." Befwe
the election, the Wh'g orators in every part of the
country denounced, in tones of thunder, theAd-
mini.-natiofi,for having increased the expenses of
tae Government. Notwithstanding the expendi-
tures last year (1840) were some ten millions less
than in 1838, yet we were told the public money
was squandered. Now that the election is over,
instead of extravagance, wo have the cry of "par-
simony." Let the people mark this! The gentle-
man from New York also said (if I understood
htm) that the furniture in the President's House
was unfit for the dwelling of a gentleman. This,
Mr. Chairman, was the unkindeit cut of all. Im-
mediately preceding the adjournment of the last
session of Congress, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Ogle] made a speech commenting on
ad the articles of furniture in the President's
House, from the garret to the cellar, and from the
parior to the kitchen, and attempted to show that
Mr. Van Buren was living in the style and fashion
of a king, rather than of a Republican President.
That speech was sent out by thousands—yea, mil-
lions—and constituted ihe political capital of the
grogshop politicians and small-beer orators of that
party throughout the country. But the object has
been attained. The election is over, and the "goli
spoon" humbug explodes. Prom the coarse you
are now pursuing, the people will be enabled to see
how much honesty characterize your conduct pre-
ceding the election.
There is another subject, introduced by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] to which
I beg leave to refer. I allude to the "prospective
pre-emption law," which, I rejoice to learn, was
passed by the Democratic party in the Senate on
yesterday, and is now in this House for its action.
It has been denounced here as a "humbug, de-
,'ig. edto catch votes;" and gentlemen have vo-
lunteered the as.e-riion that we did not desire its
passage. Now, sir, what is this bill? It is simply
a proposition to give the settler upon the public
lands" the right of pre-emption; and differs only
from the laws heretofore passed, in the fact that it
is prospective in its operation. It does not propose
to give the public domain to the settler, but to allow
him to take that portion on which he has settled
and built a log cabin, at the Government price,
wiihia a limited period. It is a measure for the
benefit of the poor man, for the humble tenants of
the loir-cabins; for those, who may be driven by
poverty from the older States, and who may go
with no bank-bills, perhaps, in their pockets, but
with strong arms and honest hearts, to hunt for
themselves and their families a home m the far
West. Sir, if this were a measure for the advance 
mtnt of the pecuniary interest of spectators or
bankers, it would not meet with the opposition it
does from Whig gentlemen. Although loud in
'.h.-ir professions of aiachment to the poor man,
when office is to be obtained, in their legislation
little regard is paid to his interests. Gentlemen.
have denounced these settlers as "lawless squatters"
and "land pirates," and told us that the United
States marshal ought to be sent with a military
force to dispossess them. S r, if a banker (as is
the practice every day) swindles the community out
of millions, the act gors unwhipt of justice; but if
a poor man settles down on th? public land, and
endeavors, by his industry acd fiugality, to pro-
cure a livelihood for his children, you would raise
a military force to turn him off, and deprive him of
the li tie improvement he had made. This may be
Whig policy and Whig justice; but, I venture the
assertion, the American people are notprepared for
such docirine. In the estimation of these Whig
orators, to cut down a few trees in a dense and
almost unbroken forest belonging to the Govern-
ment, for the purpose of cultivating a few acres of
corn, is a most heinous offence; whilst they suffer
the bankers to violate the laws, make sport of their
legislation, acquire wealth by their villanies, and
ride in proud triumph over the ruin and desolation
of the laboring man. Sir, there is a point beyond
which forbearance ceases to a virtue; and the time
wilt come when this great money power, which is
eatm? out the substance of the people, must be
checked by ye.ur Isolation, or the land will be de-
luged in blood. The day of retribution is at hand,
and wo be lo that legislator who seeks to aggran-
dize the few by the oppression of the many.
