FeT). 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Con ......2nd Sess..
Bankiupt Bill—Mr. Wright.
ÍI5
Senate.
the sole owner of the stock Suppose a suit is to
be instituted in the courts of the State for the bene-
fit of the Bank of Alabama, does the State of Ala-
bama bring the sun' No But this artificial ex
istence, this banking incorporation, created by the
sovereign authority of the S'ate, brings it. Again,
suppose the Bank in default, and, by a citizen of
that or any other Slate a su t is t© be broughi, was
it against the State of Alabama? And would exe-
cution issue to be satisfied by the State in its sove-
reign capacity, or against the property of that
State, properly speaking, as separate from its pro-
perty in the bank1 Certainly not The execution
would act upon tre incorporation, and that alone—
upon the legal fie ion, as to its personal action, and
upon the corporate property, and that only, as to
its effective operation
Suppose the bankrupt law be made to act on that
fiction. Would it put the sovereign Stale of Ala-
bama under a commission of bankruptcy' No but
it would put the person of its creation, its legal fic-
*ion, into bankruptcy. That seemed to him to be
the effect, and the only effect, of the inclusion of
State corporations. His friend from Arkansas,
[Mr Sevier,] had made a strong argument upon
this point, but was it pertinent? The Sute itself
might become bankrupt, but the State was not
placed within ihe jurisdiction of Congress It was
sovereign, and not, in any sense as such, subject to
the legislation of Congress It was not to the
Slates that this power was sought to be extended,
but to the artificial creations of the States, to the
"persons" which, in a legal sense, and for business
purposes, they assume to create, and make material
and practical agents in 'he transaction of the com-
mon affairs of the communuy. The power of Con-
gress to pass a bankrupt law reaching by its provi-
sions and its action the business, and credit, and
contracts of every trading man in the country, was
not questioned, and were gentlemen prepared to
contend that these artificial "persons" w!>ich the
States could create, were superior, and entitled to
exemptions and privileges not granted to freemen, to
the persons created by the GreatCreator of all things.?
The honorable Senators to whose remarks he
was more particularly replying, [Mr. Cuy of A a
bama, and Mr Sevier of Arkansas,] mu'i believe
that he had peculiar reasons at this time to feel
kindly towards their respective States, and to re-
spect all their sovereign rif hts Still he could not
rate them, in creative power, above the Sovereign
of the universe He could not concede to them ot
to the "per ons" of their creation, a superiority so
vast, and so inconsistent with hisleelmg*as a man,
and his rights as a freeman Tne corporators ex-
isting by State authority are mere le°al existences,
the creations ef the State, and are they superior in
moral and legal p ívtlces, to the hororable Sena-
tors who represent those S ates here? And if this
Government is likely to exercise a po\>er tyranni-
cal and unjust over those honorable Senatois, u it
less objectionable ihan when exercised over those
legal fictions of their respective States? over arLfi
cial persons which the Sfa e may create, with attri-
butes and power  not different in nature and cha-
racter, howevr tiffirent in extent ard compass?
What ate these corporations? Nothing but busi
ness institutions, business "persons," like a free-
man, and so far from carrying any power to the
extent asamst them to which it can be carried
against either of the Senatois or either of the free-
men of th ir respective States, it was beyond Ihe
lnjenuity of human power to exercise coercion on
a fiction The property of the cjrporatio i may be
taken, and so may the property of the natural man,
but when his property is consumed, coere on mav
be exercised over his person The State-, of the
honorable Senators could do this to any ex ent, but
when a power expre sly granted to this Govern-
ment over the trade, and credi, and business ortne
country, is called into exercise, are we to be ti Id
that the legal fict'ons oí the States aie to b1 ex
empted from its operation, whue the creations ot
God, the natural persons of the country, are ex-
pressly subject to 11? He could not induce his
mind to admit the preposterous idea n theory, or
to assent to it in prac ice
What was the law of his own State (New York)
in relation to its own corporations?   It was a bank-
rupt law upon its banks, and nothing less It
was that, when any bank, chartered by its authori-
ty, shall suspend «pecie payments for the period of
ten days, its affairs and effects shall be handed over
to hone t men, receivers appointed by the authori-
ties of the State, to close it up, and do justice to
its creditors What had kept the banks of New
York, in a sound condition, while the banks
in the Middle, Southern, and Southwestern
States had been involved, and in a state of sus-
pension, for the last year and a half? Nothing,
n the judgment of any reflecting man, acquainted
with the various State laws, but that provision of
the law of the State which visited effec ive bank-
ruptcy upon every defaulting ban 
Had the sovereignty of his Stale exempted i s
banks from that provision? Not at all It mat-
tered not who held the s'ock—whether the State or
individuals—the liabi Hies, in either case, went not
beyond the stock held and paid in full, and under
the law, the defaulting corporations were wound
up for the benefit of the persons m'erested m them
Were the States, m their sovereign character, touch-
ed by such a proceeding? His oun State was yet
a stockholder m many of its bank , but were they,
therefore, exempted from the bankrupt provisions
of its laws? Why exempt them? When the State
brought herself to the position of a bank stockhol-
der, she placed that interest in subjection to the
same law and the same equity to wm h a similar
interest, m the nanas of the eitizsns, would be sub-
ject in like circumstances. It should be so, and
the sovereignty of the State should furnish no ex-
emption for the rotten insolvent banking institu-
tions of her creation.
The sovereignty of the State was not torched by
the process It was but a few vears since, that one
of the banks, in his own State, m \\ "ion the State
was a stockholder, was wound up in this manner
Still the Chancelloi of the Su e, one of its own
agents and servants, as readily lsued an injunc-
tion agxinst that bank, and delivered its affairs and
effects into th  hands and charge of a receiver, as
if the State had had no inteiest in it And what
was the consequence? Every dollar of the stock,
the interest of twe State, proved to have been sunk
and lost. Was the sovereignty of the S ale lost or
impaired by that proceeding? Were us pr dp,) it
credit, its great and essential interests, impaired and
prostrated, because one of the banks of its creation
had proved to h've been grossly mismanged, and
to be perfectly insolvent? Or because it had been
unwi e eiiougn to invest the money o' i s people in
such an institution? If consequences such as these
had followed the winding up ot the rotten bank to
which ne referred, neither the Siate nor her people
had yet to realize those fatal injuries If then a
bankrupt law of the State itself, operating upon the
corporations of its creation, did not impair its so-
vereignty, injure its credit, or jeopard the inte
rests of its people, even where the State itself \ as
astockholler, why should such fearful apprehen-
sions be entertained, where the bankrupt la"v is one
passed by C r< ress, in pursaance of its expressly
granted co  stitutional powei? He was wholly un
able to sin'.ver ne inquiry nor was he able to
perceive the *ligh e*t difference, either in principle
or effect, whe her ti e stock of the incorporation, to
be made subject to the bankrupt law, was the pro-
perty of the State chartering the company, of its
citizen , oi of strangers to both
There was no question about the power of Con-
gress to pass a uniform bankrupt law, and to what
could it applj? Need he *ay to all ínteres s of the
same grade and charactei? Wh"n, then, a sove-
reign State creates an incorporation for banking
purpose , was this corporate banker tobe exempt-
ed from the liabi lties. to which the private b=nker
ot the State must unquestionably be mad*? sibject?
Must the corporate banking powei be subject to the
provisions of a bankrupt law, when the stock is
held by the citizen' of i! e State, -jnd not when the
stsck is held b> the State itself? The liability of
the stockholder does not go, in ei her case, be}ond
the stock itself? No o h r property than that of the
corporation can be touched by the proceedings in
bankruptcy. The State, therefore, when a sUck-
holder, cannot be affected ra its sovereignty, its
credit, its property, beyond the mere stock owned,
and where is the ground of exemption, in either
case, which an individual might not claim with
equal force and justice?
The individual of wealth, who might a be stock-
holder m the same bank, could be no further af-
fected by a subjection of the bank to the provisions
of a bankrupt law, m the worst possible event,
than the loss of h s siock His general credit as
an individual wou d not be destroyed, because an
incorporation m which he might happen to held
stock became bankrupt The only influence upon
him, or his credit, would be his ability or not to
lose his corporate noes. So precisely with a
State holding stock in its own incorporations. The
ex s ence of the State as such, and its other pro-
perty, and its credit, are as distinct from the cor-
poration in which it may hold stock, as are those
of the individual in the ca«e supposed There
does not seem, therefore, to be any reason for ex-
empting the corporation from the provisions of a
bankrupt law in the one case, which do not prevail
with equal force in the other, nor any reasons of
justice, or of business expediency, in either, which
would not equally exempt every private banker
and individual trader
Was the principle, then, upon which the exemp-
tion was attempted to be sustained, that of Slate
sovereignty, sufficiently well «ettled and clear to
warrant the conclusion contended foi' He thought
not
His impression was, that in England Sovereignty
itself was subj ct to bankruptcy, under the English
law, if it chose to invest property in particular in-
terests, in trading, merchandising, banking, etc.
and was just as liable to be proceeded against as a
subject That, he believed, was a well settled
principle of English law The crown was not
protection, if its weaker embarked his interests in
trading or commercial enterprises Was the case
different in regard to a State? He could conceive
no difference
These few brief suggestions he threw out for the
consideration of members, in determining the ques-
tion of the power of Congress to embrace banks,
and other trading cerporations, m the provisions o
a bankrupt law
But he wou'd make another suggestion. It was
said Congress could not include the corporations as
dtblors, and still the bill before the Senate con-
tained express provi ions to include them as
ctcdVois, aid to give them all the powers and privi-
lege of other creditors under a bankrupt law.
Now is it so, that, under the constitutional powers
granted, Congress can give to these institutions the
benefi'sof a bankru¡ t law as creditors, and not
subject them to the debtor responsibilities of the
same law Were they, as members of Congress,
so to construe their powers, and so to practise upon
them? The bank, have a cr dit or interest, at this
moment, vastly greater m amount than any other
similar interest existing in the country, and he was
ready to admit that the influence of a bankrupt law
up n the outstandirg debts of these institutions
m ght be fearful—myht be destructive He would
not, hoi ever, en c. upon that c< nsideration now,
as he nad touched upon it at the last session Still
he could not admit, great as was the interest in-
volved, that these institutions were to enjoy the
summary exerc se tf the creditor power under a
bankrupt law, and not be subjec to the correspond-
ing debtor liabilities, that they were to be per-
mitted u put the whoe community under a com-
mission of bankrup cy, and not to be the subjects
of such commission themselves More especially
he could not consem ti this practical exercise of
our constitutioral powers now What is the news
of the da,,? Why that the banks, not singly, but
in ba talions, are fill ng to redeem their obliga-
tions, and to hold themselves liable to comply with
their contricts a*d promises Hence it was pecu-
liar!/ proper, as well as necessary, that they
should, by law, be put under a commission of bank-
rup cy io' ihe benefit of their creditors, and he
should find the utmost diflicu ty, m the present as-
pect of affairs m th count! y, prd with his present
views ot the powers anl duties of Congress in the
matter, to vote for any bankrupt law which should
not include banks and trading corporations within,
its provisions as deb ors as well as creditors.
