SNDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            &„. i84í.
GLOBE._______________J^1^84Í!
___________________________   H. of Reps.
154
26th Cong.-•••2nd Sess.
ling to sell their birthright for a mess of porridge;
those who were willing to barter off their princi-
ples and their institutions for the ass'  load of gold.
Bat here is the second letter
[Pei Gieat Western }
London, September 11,1840
Dear Sir We have duly received yoiu favors of July 9,
from St Louis, and Tuly 29, from New York, and must regret
we stilt continue unable to meet your wishes as regards a sale
Of your bonds, or a loan on the security of them The war
with which we are threatened by France again diveitstbe atten
Hon of our capitalists from permanent investments, and all
American securities appear quite forgotten Indiana 5 ppi
cent do'lai stock was offered to us at 67^ 0 0 and Missouri, be
mgless known, could not even be sold in lesspropoition IF
HOWEVER, YOUR ELECTIONS FOR THE PRESI
DENTSHIP SHOULD HAYC THE RESULT NOWANTI
CIPATED, IT IS VERY PROBAlil E 1IIAT AN IMPULSE
WIDL BE GIVEN TO ALL STATr STOCKS AND TEH
MOMENT MAY JfilLN ARRIVE WHEN YOUR BONDS
CAN BE INIRODLCED UNDER TaVORAULE AUS
¡PICES, though not at the limit you have fixed whilst Illinois 6
percent sterling bonds can be purchased so much lowei the
price asked at present for this latier stock is 87 0 0 hems nearly
10 0 0 under your limit AFTER VOU HAVE WAIL ED SO
I OVO, WE THINK IT WOUI O HE A PITV 10 RECAÍ I
THE BONDS WITHOUT srLING WHAT FITFt T A
CHANGE ir YOUR EXECUTIVE Will PRODUCT, IN
WHICH POINT WE MAY EXPECT TO EOR1VI A I AIK
JUDGMENT AUOUT HIE BEGINNING OF NrXT V'EVR
If, however, >ou wish the bonds, or a poition of them to be te
turned, please give us your instructions and they will be pune
tually followed
We lemam respectfully dear sir
Youi obechentsei vine,
TREDPRK K HUTU & CO
John Smith, Esq  Piesiden* ol the Rank of the State of Mis
soun, tot Lotus
Missouri, by hei Legislature, met this insolence
in the proper -pint—in the •spirit worthy oí a free
State and of freemen—worthy the imitation of
other States and o'her freemen Her band  were
recalled, and their arrogance denounced and re-
buked But the election is over—Mr VanBuien
is defeated, and General Harrison is elected Hear
the congratulations' The frantic joy of the money
chancers and rag barens of this country lurdly
excelled that of the moneyed ans ocray of Eng-
land I read from the London Morning Chronicle,
a fall-blooded Tory paper-
MONEY MAllhTT AND ( II\ NTOS
Wednesday, Deie mlier 10 lletleifnn Mb rn i i! Ifiin
son to the Presidí una! ch m of tlit Umt< d St itos is m t vc m 1
ffi eat linpoi unce lo the t omnir-renl intricsts of Annuel m I
Gieat ííiitíiin A new systun ol lininiiil pduy will lie pio
pounded by the cabinet ol tin Untie I s,tn s ml, it stucco lul
the chanT will lie Hi tlnou da ut J inojc On tins connfi) it
will act, howevet, most tmniulitlely anil 10 the "it uesl t_\ttnt
We have deep mttt sta it suite, tin u loir, m askui out ti'ans it
Untie brethicu not to „,o dietdioo last noi too f u, but io n e
their success with pindcnce
The meamnes which will 1 mn the It iilin-t h Utiles of discus
sioit, when. Congress assemble s are lihlyt  hi Ut I lie id
justmentof the uinency, 21 The baiikiupicy 1 iw, Id lln
genetat land distribution bill, and, Hh Ilu tuiil ihchist
named of these important questions will ¡old to lcní?luhnn i
discussion It iso! villi intelist to tin luluit piospculy ol th
Union, and ought not to he (lei lied without full ind matute dt It
helatlon A laslioi lint ilsl't i ut sit j mi lit nol t nl\ ov< mill]
the new Govi inment hutli nl to distsiitus convul io is in the
money muket the Govt mmem howowi iu ^os(,d by lb
< onauiutlnii of lln Unu d M itcs with spunlpowns L (o coin
money, and ri ^ulati tin v line thcicof, t thtlthtii| n\tisto
establish a imifoiin mtionil citiitm vcnmnt bt sum slullv
disputed Ml Webstu was tin It ilin t v( itimli r ol Iht
views of thi new mlministnlnn } in> on litis u! | 11, ml i
he predicted tint it would Ic id to the si t ssotnn sysomoi
Government,and to the overthtow ol uiothoi, it is lumhts
views ih it we are to look foi the inttni of tin motsimswlnt h
Willi  bioil'htforw-lld    If biso} nilon   be itloptt d I y i.t.n ill
Hiiiihon, the newFetteiil Government will not only pinpoint I
a bass foi   i  nuionil  ttpor  tuiuucy    1 tyiblt   in   sold
and silvei   but list  l i a Nititml linde     lb   lattei int t
Hiirp would mtet wuh   ptwtiftil  nipisnioti,   mt!   wt   tu u
that  the  Wing paity lit   ti 1   all of  one way ol   think in
aboutit    The sime may b   saal i _nr In     tilt   gtnttalbnl
ruplry bill     It would n \ei  di  to It   i I        í  i b I     I   >t lilt
lit btot  inly, as wa pioj ose 1 bj tb    bill ilhst s s inn     Ai y
measure, lo destivc sue ts   slnultlbi euiihand d, ai tl if | iy
both tothbtí i anl tu btor    It  is conoid it 1  hi   l>   llul   Mi
Clay will lit surtes lit! m ctriymir a mi isiut foi tlit    istnlu
tion of the pul lit  lands belonyin- to the genei i! bt dy oí i!
Republic   in I   at  tin   disposal ot ( migrí^     It has but n | io
posed by Mi  Chy !b it tin st I ut 1  sht ul! be st   lunUith   p,
visions of i spccnl law   mi tin \ loreeds dm ltd iimns; du
various Mitts on hted ¡ i in q its arcoidun; to then lept   n
tation m Ctn  te s    A Í ill  1 >i   that pui| o^e f nnulv  ¡ m I
the Legislating but («t in i il  Ii I sou did n it ¡ utmtit in 11
comealaw li iviinsUoweil it tiilioj withou tttvinghis Pre i
dential sanction, bum i    nidtist     ithitt, mill Hani  mVMll
reatllly tpptovt   il if bos nr ujt   i In 11 > (I e ^ nate   Hit, j o
ltlgof surh ameasine w ul I it! nl tlit, % -in   is statesponnlul
aid in completing then sent tnc ol u t unlit ij i ivement    Ri t,
then, whatever is Ti ven to tin i   ven i     ! tli    t tl i cot ¡Mitts, is
withdrawn from the ic\ turn   f th   [Jinn
It is supposed til it a chang til iht tirili will le iienuon ly
mooted by the nianufauuting -.tale ^fio i le iiouí, lor
heavier protecting dum s bit they will it t with vetement
opposition ftom the expt rtmg mteiests mine mist lint bee
principles of trade will still prevail in C >i 3it ^
I shall trouble you with no into, etlratts ff
what I have read are not «liffieient to c-,ubli-h 'he
fact that Briti<!> capital and British mftuenc" wre
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Duncan.
brought to bear en the recent election', no amount
of evidence would ava I.
sBut permit me to dischavgea duty to a large ma-
joftjy of the American people by saymg again that
they are incapable cf being bribed, or turned from
the support of our Democratic l'stitutions by any
direct attempts oí foreign mfluer.ee or money. It
will be asked how has this influence been brought
to beat' I answer, by indirect means Such is
the hold that foreign «apualisls have upon our cre-
dit and monetary institutions, that, by a combina-
tion with thoce isfih whom they aie connected and
associated m this country, having an identity of in-
terest, they can say to the banks suspend, and
they suspend—expand, and they expand—contract,
and they contrae—resume, and they resume. All
these they can do, and havo done. And what is
the efFeci' It is Io make m^ney scare or pleniy at
their Wjll, to raise or lowei the price of produce
and labor, to suspend < r progress with public
works and impiovements, a<; nay best alvanre
their interesis The un=ns¡ pciing laborer who only
seeks to maintain himself by honest economy and
industry, does not understand the cause of those
expansions and contractions which at one time
give him ample compensation, and high hopes for
his labor, and at another sink him into poverty and
nakedness. He looks a'oundhim wuh astonishment
and surprise for the causes of tho^e changes which
so effect him and his interests. He is told that it
is by the mismanagement of the ruling powers,
and he is admonnhed, as he values his own pecu-
niary interests, to change the Administration Now
look at the number oí banks in this country, the
amount of bank capital, the number of bmkrffi-
cers, of bank directors, and bank stockhoId"rs
ninety-nine in a hundred of whom are opposed io
the Demociaiic party—look also to the fart that
foreign capitalists own a van poriion of all ihe
bank lock in ihis country, and are like Iheir as-
sociates here, oj posed in pnncip'e and policy to
this Administration, and tverv thing like demo-
r-cy Again, look at 1'ie wide *pie¿d influence
thai tho banks ai tl the eipn ihs's can and have tx-
eieised on the elec ions throuih ?11 the mediums,
and the more than t'n tin u and < nannels of mo-
neyed a rncies that control ili-> value cf every
thing that is the subject of ¡ccuntary value, and
deny, in the spmt of truth il jou cm, lhat fore gn
lnfluenc™ has controlled Ihe elections I say
again, lhat foicign capital has eontrolle 1 and is
now controlling ihe elec'ive franchise, the ballot
bt x, and the institutions ot tin* country, not by
direr t bribery, hut by secret montyed influence,
more dangeious Io Ihe 'ibi.ne^rf this roundy,
and more subv r ívt o! our Republican institu-
tions than the anillen; and ihe boy net of Enehnd
or all other military pouer^ tm eaith combined.
I may name am trier <u umslanre, whith «as
used to overthtow the A Imin stiation, rnd so far
a it was successful, I ugiet to 'ay it was dis-
graceful to Amei tan m elbgi no , and di honora-
ble to American patriotism I alliu'e to "Mr Van
fímen's Handing mmy of lino hundirá thousand mm'"
It will be remembered, and the journa's show ihe
fact, that timing the short'esstt n of the Twenty-
fifth Congress, a resolution was passe', reque ling
iheStcreUty ot War lo report io the next Con-
gress a plan of romiim/ing tW ruliln That re
quest i as mide with relctf nee mot border dinV
(ul'ic, and srme t Ihrr d ilieuliits «huh might
glow t ul ot hem Tht Serte ary t ( Wat, i i c >n-
lotiiiily to th tlt'ij írnpisid on him Iv lhat resolu
tion, rtponed t plan of let r^an ration It «as
submitted to Ctnoie , and diflori I but little frcra
i'il plan subnuitu' l< ^ongi s    b,  G neral Kn j,
n General Wt limtitn'i, atlimni'trition, va°
p sspd hy Congress, and approved by Gmert!
VVashmglon, ant11 now a 1 iw, in 1 has been, ftom
that time lo this. In whatever Mr Poinsett's plan
(iflereil flom the pit pnt 1«, lhat cliff" ronce made
his plan less ezceptir nib'e? dmmtrt oi Mr
Pcinselt's plan is unnct rs ary \- uh tho^e who deal
in jestice an?  irulh     Bit c roraent on  it wuh
hose who dial in hisehrod find slander would
be worse than idle. K is sufficient to «ay
that the measure ne< er was acted on by Congress
I never was presented to ihe President officially,
nor did he sanction it, but, on ihe contrary, disap-
proved of some of its provisions, and pronounced
others unconslitutisnal But still that plan,through
the whole canvass, was urged upon the people by
the political demagogues and the Bink pensioned
presses, as "Mr. Van Burets standing army," a
thing which had no existence; a thing that was
among the things that never were. But it was
urged, too, that the object in taking the census and
the statistics, was to ascertain the number of men
the country could furnish to the constant supply of
that array, and the amount of property which could
be taxed for lt^ support, when the records show the
fid, that the resolution which provided for taking
the statistics, was inircduced by a Whig member,
[Rice Garland,] the object of which was to fur-
nish data and useful infoimation as to the worth
of the nat on, vutbout reference to Ihe subj-ct, or
thought, of taxation. I believe every member of
the House suppi rted that resolution. And this is
briefly th* story of Mr Van Buren's standing army
of 900,000 men I only name the subject to m
vite those who may have been influenced by lhat
charge upon the Administration, to examine the
charge and see how basely they have been
imposed upon But how ungrateful and un-
kind was it to charge Mr. Van Buren with
an intention to overthrow the liberties of the
country and establish a military despotism.
Of all men, we have the least to fear from him
He has been tried, and he has been found true
and faithful The whole history of his life, civil,
political, and official constitutes the surest guar-
antee of his a tachmen's to, and his support of, free
institutions and Republican principle' But if any
thing more were wanted, we have it in the fact
that Congress, at the close of the long session,
25ih Congee s, with a view to defend tur Maine
boundary, placed at the disposal of Ihe President
ten million* of dolíais, and authority to raise fifty
thousand volunteers That was putting the sword
and the purse duly m the hands of the President
Well, how tiid he use this trenvndous mi ltjtry en
?me, thus surrendered to him' Did he weld the
purse and the sword to th  overthrow of our Re-
publican insimulen'' Did he organize a standing
army, oi did he establish a mi'itary despotism?
No, he d d reither of them What did he do?
Whv, by his diplomacy, and his «kill in interna-
tional laws, he so far succeeded in compromising
the border difficulty, i0 to make miluaiy force un-
nece^sirj. And when Congress assembled, he
handed back the purse and ihe swt rd to the peo-
ple's Representatives, withhis hands as unpolluted,
and Ihe swo>d as tm lamed with human blood, as
were ihe hands and sROrd of General Harrison,
when lie ihiero dovn hi cemmt s¡on in the midst
ol the last u,'r, and admonished Ctnfiess, in a
mai ner uhich shou'd be remembered, never to in-
vest the Executive wuh such power again.
So much for the circumstances uni'ed with the
factions which were brought to bear to ihe over-
ihtow of this Admin siration I could name others
equally unfounded and unjust, hut 1 have not
time
Before I proceed, peimit me !o give the gentle-
man on my right s me notice
The gcntlman from Massachuse'ls [Mr Ou<h
ing] ihe other d->y, aflei mourning; for some t me
over ihe distre= ed condition ol our foor country
and the wickedness and profl gacy of Mr Van Bu-
rc \ Aministration, suddet ly furred his tune and
prtnoimced a eulogy on th ■ gallantry of General
Harrison, and conned hiet'elf nrd h sfriends, that
' die gallant Harrison" nil l ¡ relieve Ihe cruntry.
"Th gallant Hanison'' hpu tl spcnre ¡rospenty to
the countiy. 'The gal ant Hair son" weulddo
tins, and 'ihe gallmt Harrison" would do that.
I am tired ?nd -ick of Tippecanoe songs, and I
wou'd hke to knoii what difficulty the countiy is
in that General Harrison's gallan'ry can relieve
it ftom, and Í x , nld alsi like to know m what his
f«Zi««'?«ctrsM, Dots it consist m his having
been the commander at the ma-saere of Tippeca-
noe, vbeie ten or tnelve hundred men, as brave
a= ever dcf-ndeda country or faced an enemy,
were snip ised in the night and me hundred
and eighty of their number slaughtered and
wounded by four or five hundred Indians,
who, after performing Ihe work of death for more
