Ué______________________ÁPPBKTflfX f O TBÉ COftGitfigSlONAt GtOm_____________Jan. 1841.
26th Cong.......2nd Sbss.    _______                     Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Duncan.                                                      H. of Reps.
Sampsons m thefield, and Solomons in the council but who have
had their heads shorn by the harlot England In shoit, we are
likely to preseive the liberty we have obtained only by unre
muting labors and peril But we shall preserve it and our
mass of ^weight and wealth on the geedsldels so great as to
leave no danger that force will ever be attempted against us
We have only to wake up and snap the Lilliputian cords with
which they have been entangling us dnnng the first sleep which
succeeded our labors "
How, Mr Chairman, do the modern Whigpri 1-
Ciples measure with the stand ards of Jefferson Demo-
cracy which I have been reading The blush of
shame should mantle the face of him who would call
himself a Jeffersoman Democrat, when at the same
time he tramples under foot the principles and ad-
monitions of that father of Democracy and patriot
of the Revolution. Did Thomas Jefferson now
live, and could he describe the Federal party of
this day with living lips, their principles and their
favorite measures, he would fad to give a better
description of them than he has in the extracts
which I have read.
It is due to the memory of Alexander Hamilton,
the elder Adams, and the oiher leaders of the Fe-
deral party of '98, that their political names should
be preserved by those who make th.ir prmcip'es
their ru.le of faith. It is due to their memories that
those who practise the doctrine? of their school,
should maintain the name that represents their
doctnnes Federalists should be called Federal-
ists Every thing has a name, and every thing
should be called by its name. The modern Whig
who calk himself a Jefferson Democrat, defames
and slanders the name and memory <f Thomas
Jeffsrson, and is guilty of moral depravity and
falsehood.
The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr
Thompson,] in the commencement of his speech,
asserted that this Administration, from its com-
mencement to this time, had declared and kept
up a war of extermination against the credit and
commerce of this country, and that one blow had
succeeded another nntil the best prospects of the
country have been prostiated.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr Bell] as
serted that the extra session (1837) was called to
carry out the Independent Treasury scheme.
Every Federalist who has spoken has asserted
that it is the wnhenng effect of ihe Independent
Treasury that has blighted and proslra'ed the
country.
All ttiose charges in thPir turn, but to answer
them it will be necessary to go into the history of
banking and the Independent Treasury, so far as
the Government is or has bean concerned or con-
nected therewith Be the Independent Treasury
good or bad policy, Mr Van Buien is not its au-
thor. Hi  credit conn ts in rccomm nding Us re-
vival by law, not in its invention Th<it system
has its root in the Constitution The framers of
the Const tution art the authors ot it, and when
gentlemen are denouncing it as a corrupt measure,
and its author as an ambitious a puant at er power,
they are treading upon sacred gi< unci, it is the me
mories of the Revolutionary patriots that they aie
denouncing and slander ng
The patriots of the Rtvolution wore the framers
of the Constitution, ard ihe Constitution expressly
provides that no mon y shall be drawn fiom the
Treasury except by appropriations made by liw
What did the lramers mean wh< n ihry s? d tint
no money should be dra#n from Ihe Tieamryl
Did thty not mean that there shou d be a Tieasmi/,
and that the public money «hould le kept in ihe
Treasury, and that it should be drawn out oV> as
authorized by hw What did the lramers cf the
Consumí on mean when tney provided that no-
thing should constitute a lawful tender in the pay-
ment of a debt but p Id or snvcr? Did they net
intend that gild and silver should const tule i ur
national cur ency, ard tl a lie money which
should be phced in t e Nation?! frea^ury «hou d
he gold and silver? Wow, s,r, « hot is the Indepen-
dent Treasury measure, and «bat i s obi d? it is
that the public money sha'l be co Irci'd m gold
and silver and kept m the National T easury, and
paid out for public purposes as appropriations by
law may direct. That is the lens; h and breuh,
the depth and height of ihe Independent Trea-
sury. The patriots of the Revolution, and ihe
framers of the Constitution, were (or many of
them) the members of Congress m 1789.   That ,
Congress passed a law making it the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury to collect
the public revenue in gold or s Iver, ard making it
his duty to keep safe the public revenue They
also prescribed the manner and mode by which it
should be kept safe until it should be paid out as
appropriations by law should direct So we find
the Independent Treasury founded in the Constitu-
tion, and practically established by the Congress of
1789, long before Mr Van Buren had an official
existence When the Bank of the Untied States
was established, in 1792, by a Federal Congress, on
the recommendation of Alexander Hamilton, and
against the wish and efforts of the entire Demo-
cracy in and out of Congress, the public depo-
sites were made in that Bink That was ihe fir't
innovation upon 'he Independent Treasury pnnc-
ple That was the opera ion by which a un on of
Bank and State was effected—and a most unhappy
and unfortunate one it vas As Mr Jefferson
says, that union continued until the Bank expired by
the limitation of its charter, which was in 1811
Between that t-me and 1816, I believe, the State
banks were us«d in some instances as depositories
of the public revenue And an unfortunate con-
nection that was, too, for, according to a report of
the Comm ttee of Ways and Means ot the House,
in 1830 thp Government lost about fbirtyfour mil-
lion* between the years of 1814 and 1817 But m
1816 the late United States Bank was incorporated
By a resolution of Congress, it was made the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury to deposite the
revenue ef the Government in tint Bank and its
branches, an 1 to receive its notes and the notes of
its branches in liquidation of the Government re-
venue, thus givu g it lh" use of all ihe undrawn
balances of the people's money, and a credit to its
notes far and wide as tUe Union and far and wide
as the credit of the American Go <rnnvnt I be
1 eve the average amount at all time* fit hand, of
undrawn balanc s, frr m 1816 until 1834 the prae
when the ("epositcs were removed, was near eight
millions ot dolíais All this the Bink hid Ihe use
of for the pititil bonus ot §1 500,000, for ihe whole
time—a sum insufficient a  a bonus for the use of
the Government credit rnd icvenue for one year
And yet, notwithstanding "ill ihi.se, that Bank came
near breaking in less lhan t to years afti r lis esla
blisfement Nothing bul the timely mterfeience of
the Governm nt saved it from bankruptcy and nun
It brought more pectin ary rum and distress on this
couniry and ihii peop'e than all the calamities
which have afflicted ns either by our own folly i r
the visitations of Providence, not even the cholera
excepted I sp aU of th> pecuniary and com ner-
cial calamities of 1818, '19, "20, and 21
But to progrc s with the Independent Troas iry
system In 1W!4 Goneral J~ck on recommenlrd
the public deposit "; to b rrmo cd f c m the Bink
of the United Sl-itss, ind brincics, and nade
in the local b->nks i1! at wis done, not be-
cause Ihe local barks were fivonte institutions
with Gen Jackson or hi supporters but because
the American people had put their veto on 'he
United States Bank Thev bal said, through the
ballot boxes, that it should not be rechartered, but
because the eomrreicidl and trading community
«Pie in the use of the public deposites, and it
would have pioc need enbarris inrnt 'o sud len'y
hive withdiawn ihein, Coi g rssj n 1836, pi sed
ihe deposite ret, einfirmirs ?nd a-iptovin  th" rr
der which the Prrsi3 >nt b"i' Islun on the deposite 
By that act, the Seciftarv < f the Trea ury was re-
quired to m ike dep si e of ire publ c ret enu0 in ihe
specie paung ban s, and t) rec"ive *he notes rf
•■uth banks m dsclvrpc of the public lcrenue
Thereby the 1 cil bink<s, whic*1  fe sc'=et d ?s
depositaries, enjoy d ihe s->me advntages w> 1J1
the United StaKs Birk pn<! I rvenes bao, a'd all
Ihe banks «et b runted th?tbad th*1 name of par-
m" pec e for tl en no e , for ibe fact lb?t their
no'cs weie received i'i paynent of the revenue,
gave them a c ^dit and a c rculattrn coexien ive
and wide as the Unit n What was the result of
th  deposite connection with the local banks? Pre-
cisely what it had been w h the Bank of the
Unt ed States and its brancoes—overbanking,over-
trading, stockjobbing, and universal panic, dis-
tress,  ruin,   and   a   prostration   of   commerce
and credit Now be it remembered that Mr Van
Buren was installed into office on the 4th of March,
1837, and on .he 10 h of May, in that year, the
banks suspended payment; just one month and six
davs after he came into office. B°fore Mr Van
Buren performed the first official act of a financial
or general character, all the calamity which we
have heard so frequently and so pathetically recited,
was brought upon the country by the aclton of the
banks, without the agency of Mr. Van Buren or
his administration, or the time or the power to
control the banks How do these facts measure
with the broad charge of the gentlemin from South
Carolina, viz that "this Administration, from the
first day of its existence to this time, declared, and
has kept up, a war of extermination against th
credit and commercs of the country." When this
Administration came into power, we owed a com-
mercial debt of upwards of sixty millions of dol-
lars Commerce was suspended, and credit was
destroyed. The banks had suspended, and tha
Treasury was without an available dollar And what
has been the lesuli? Why, under this Administra-
tion, our commercial debt has been paid—com-
merce has revived—credit is fast restoring—and
the banks have resumed payment The gentleman is
welcome to all the credit he may gam with the can-
did, honest and intelligent part of the community
by such charges
What was the cond tton of the country and the
Government when the banks suspended specie
payments? A credite system had been introduced
by the bank and deposite system, by which almost
all who traded, and all who bought and sold,
traded, bought, and old on credit The Govern-
ment reve me was in the banks I ask, then, what
was the condition of the country and the Govern-
ment? The people were all indebted to each
other, and h rdly a constitutional dollar to pay a
debt with The debtor was at the mercy of hts
creditor, to be dealt with as his avarice might diG-
tate The people's pockets were fil'ed with the
ragged promises of the banks, and the gold and
silver of the country locked up in their vaults.
Bat what was the condition of your Government?
When the bank* suspended, I say the Govern-
ment revenue was m their possession Your G«-
verno ent was without a dollar. Your Federal
judiciary was spread over the Union dispensing
justice with not a dollar to pay them with. Your
army was spread along your frontier defending
vour coun'ry, and not a dollar to sustain .t with.
Your foreign ministry were representing you in
e/try civ li/ed court known, and not a dollar to
pay them with Your navy was displaying
her canvi's upon every sea, every bay,
an 1 et rry ocean where you had commerce
to dtferd, and not a dollar to support her with.
Not a dollar with which to pay your Executive offi-
cers in the various D°partmeiits here or elsewhere,
commerce at the time suspended, anl ihe channels
of revenue «toppe' What was. lo be done' .What
was left for ihe Executive to d<? Why, just what
he did do He ca Ird Congress, to i ther to devise
wajs an 1 mea is by which the Government should
continue to perform its functions, or, to use a com-
mon phras", "to fuim«h Tieasury oil for the
wheels of Government" That meeting of Con-
gress was the extra s< s<-ion I ask the candid and
the honest man how it could have bten avoided?
An > jef Ihe gentleman fr m Tennes-.ee [Mr Bell]
boldly assorts here, and to the counliy, 'that the
extra se sion was called to carry out the Indepen-
e'ent Treasury scheme ' Sr>ch an as«er ion will be
rewardei with the contempi and densmn of every
honest man, when the historv of this Administra-
tion shall be. fairly piesent<=d to the country
The Independe it Trea ury system was revived
by the ac of bank suspension, and brot gh' into full
ft rce, ¡>s authorized b\ th  act of 17*9, and as pro-
iK' d for by loe Consti ution The dtpo ite act of
1836, undir wuch ti° Secretary of ihe Treasury
acted, in matan" the local banks fiseal agents of
the Government, required the Secretary to deposite
the puVic revenue in specie paying banks, but
when ihe banks suspended specie payments,
there were no "specie paying bank " in which
he could make deposites. He was therefore
driven to the duty of keeping   safe  the public
