Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
26th Cons....2nd Sess.
moneys as the act of 1789 provided (if there was any
to keep safe ) The deposite act of 1836 also re-
quired the Secretary to co'lect the revenue in the
notes of specie paying bank1; but when the banks
suspended specie payments there were no "specie
paying banks;" the Secretary was therefore compel-
led to collect the revenue in gold and silver as the
act of 1789 required So we see the whole policy,
and all the principles of the Independent Treasury
were revived by the act of the banks, which is to
collect the Government revenue m the currency
provided tor by the Constitution, and to keep safe
the public moneys^until appropriations by law shall
disburse them.
But what tru'h is there in the assertion made
here by every Federalist that speaks: "That it is
the withering effeet of the Independent Treasury
that has prostrated the credit, the energies, and the
commere  of the country'*" Let the disasters of
May, 1837, answer. When the banks were in pos-
session of the public revenue, and were m Us daily
use, and when pos-essed of the credit, the vast and
unlimited credit of the Federal Government, ihey
could not maintain themselves—they suspended,
and thereby brought upon the country all the disas-
ters and calamities of which gentlemen sing so
piteously. So far from ihe Independent Treasury
paralyzing the energies of the country, under that
system, I repeat, that the country has been relieved
from the embarrassments which never would have
existed had the Independen' Treasury been in force
But it is row time for me to illustrate the opera-
tions by which the union of the Government with
the banks produced the pecuniary and commer-
cial embarrassments that have periodically afflicted
the people of this country. One of the conditio: s
of that union has been the us« of ihe public money
to bank upon, and the credit of the Federal Go-
vernment to the amount of the revenue gives to
the paper promises of the banks. The banks dis-
counted upon the public deposites, as did trey on
general deposites made by individuals, as well as
on the capital paid in. That made paper "money
plenty'" and its reception m the [collection of the re-
venue gave any quantityof it which was issued cre-
dit,without doubt,or limit, aad individual credit ran
pari passu with the quantity of paper currency.
Bank paper and credit were more abundant than
the commerce and products of the country re-
quired.
The facility with which credit and bank paper
was obtained, encouraged a wild rage for «pecula-
tion among individuals, as well as a wild rage for
internal improvements by the States Specula'ing
in trade, and gambling in State and bank stocks
were the orders of the day. A general system of
plunder and spoils, extravagance and dissipation,
supplanted industry, economy, and sobriety. It
was all a system of plunder, and ,every man, not
governed by better motives, put in for a share of
it, and dashed headlong like the reckless adventu-
rer, regardless of consequences or ' the day of set-
tlement."
Such was the almost universal rush mto trade
and speculation, stockjobbing, and banking, that in
the language of Thomas Jefferson, the tailor was
disarmed "of his needle and thimble," the anvil
was deserted, the plane and the hammei dropped
from the carpenter's hand, the shuttle ceased to
fly, and the "plough was left to rust in the half
finished furrow."
The redundancy of paper money raised the piice
of produce so far above its intrins c value, that it
would not bear exportation to foreign markets,
where produce bore a price corresponds with a
sound and uniform currency. It would not sell m
a loreign market for what it cost the trader here.
Again, the quantity of produce of the country was
diminished, m consequence of the hundreds of
thousands of producers who -were withdrawn
from the productive pursuits of life to be-
come speculators; and the price of produce was
raised still higher above its value by competition
between the individuals composing the swarms of
speculators, so that your produce was diminished in
quantity, until you had but little to export, and
what you had, I say would not bear exportation.
What was the consequence? Why, exportations
in a measure ceased.   Importations went on. The
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Duncan.
Atlantic was whitened wi h the sails of importing
vessels, but exporting vessels were few and iar be-
tween. What was the effect of all this? It was
to turn the balance of trade against us. What
farther' It was to bring upon us a commercial debt
of I believe over jíxty millions of dollars, and the
time arrived is 'he coarse of trade, when that debt
must be paid; and how was it to be paid' You had
no produce or articles of commerce with which to
pay it; or if you had, they bore so high a price that
they would not bear exportation, but ihe debt must
be paid Again, what had you to pay it with Your
ragged bank promises would not pay it As I have
said at other times and piaces, you could not get a
dinner or a drink of grog in a hot day with a com-
mon basket of such rags m a foreign country.
How then was the debt to be paid' It was to be
paid ¡n that which all nations regardas the only
legitimate and natural currency ever known since
Joseph was sold to the Ishmaehtes for.twenty pieces
of siloer. That was the currency, or what is its
equivalent, and what the modern Whigs deriding
and sneermgly call the "Tom Benton humbug," I
mean the j ellow boys. The gold and silver was
all that you tould pay that deot wi'h So Ihe
foreign manufacturer, capitalist, and merchant,
called upon the importing merchant for gold and
silver; the import! g merchant called upon ihe
wholesale seaport merchant to whom he had sold
on credit, (tor all this wa^, the result of the glorious
credit system,) for gold and silver, and the whol< -
sale seaport merchant cabed upon the country re-
tail merchant for gold and silver; and the country
retail merchant called upon his customers, the
people, for gold and silver, and the people gathered
together their lazarom ias? bandr. piomtses and
called upon the bank  for^ddand silvei, and the
bank1-, unable to stand the shock, shut down
their trap-doors, and that was the suspension
of specie payments. Thix, s r, describes th" circle
of the bank and credit operations which brought
all the distress we have experienced m 1837 and
since. It results from the sime operations which
produced the distress and ru.n of 1818, 1819, and
1820 It is a principle m politics and government,
as well as in logic, philosophy, and ethics, that like
causes produce like effects; and whenever the In-
dependent Treasury is repealed and the Govern-
ment and banks united, the deposites put into the
banks to bark upon, and their notes received m
liquidation of the Government revenue, I care
not wheth-r the union be with the local banks ora
National Bank and branches, the result will be the
same as it has been, for, in kss than two years
from the commencement of such a union and such
a use of the publ'c money, we will have another
bank bubble explosion, and all the pecuniary afflic-
tions and commercial disasters which we have here-
tofore experienced. The Federal party promised
relief to the people, if they would change the Ad-
ministration. If that íelief is to be attempted by
repealing tne Independent Treasury, and making
banks the fiscal agents of the Government, and
thereby make paper currency plenty by banking
upon the revenue, I would like to have it in my
power to admonish every Democrat in this Union,
in peals louder than thunder, to be on the look out
for the day of evil. I would admonish h'm to
avoid the snare and the mire which will enta. gle
and swamp thousands m irretrievable disaster and
rum.
I would advise him, too, if he shall be compelled
to take for his labor and his honest products the rag
promises of the banks, not to let the sacred day ot
rest pass over without converting them into cash, if
the speed of a race horse will carry him to the
couater on Saturday evening, where promise of re-
demption is to be found A Democratic Adrmms-
tiation has been overthrown by foreign and domes-
t c banking and stock-jobbing influences, but if
every Democrat is true to himself and his princi
pies, every bank m the United S'ntescan be wound
up in six months, and ihe Federal Administration
overthrown, for it has no foundation but fraud,
falsehood, and rotten borough corporation' to <>hnd
upon. Such an Administration, composed of such
factions, bound Ugflher by no ties but hostility to
Democratic principles, and at this moment wrang-
ling with each other, and threatening a blow up,
________                                H. of Reps.
before they have come together, cannot stand; it
will crumble, and mingle with the rottenness upon
which it stands. Firmness to your principles, and
union of your party, Democrats, is all that is want-
ing to restore the Government, your party, and our
free institutions.   Fear not—be firm.
I repeat, that this Administration has been over-
thrown on no principle. The Federal party came
into power upon no principle or pledge ol measures.
They came into power singing
"Tippecanoe and Tyler too "
And now, sir, as I before said, they are flocking
from the head waters of "Salt river," as poor and
cadaverous as if they had lived on locusts and coon
skins during the forty years of their political ba-
nishment The motley groups of spoils hunters
who are now besetting this city remind one of the re-
turn of the Persian troops from the Scythian expe-
dition, whom hollow hunger and pelting storms
had deprived of the countenance and walk of men.
Why, sir, when the gathering shall be complete,
there will be two thousand for every office there
will be to fill, after every Democrat is reformed.
Every applicant will demand spoils. Every man
will have made himself poor and bankrupt by his
expenditures in ovei thro wing this "wicked and pro-
fligate Administration1" Every man, too, will
have a wife and nme small, hungry, ragged chil-
dren, and one at the breast. Sir, feeling myself un-
able to give a suitable and proper description of this
lazarom gathering in prose, I callsd upon my poet,
as usual m such cases, and he has furnished me
with:
THr GATHERING, MARCH 4th, 1841
With crookf d shin and jultlrig heel,
( ornes crni° 1112 Abolition,
With blue light 1 e leialist, born to peal
The glone-i of sedition
The paper kin_ and all his spawn,
1 ne boiip !o<-ks and the dandies,
The pn t- men and the men ot Rhawn,
Stock] jbbers and the grandees,
And tanif men, who strive to get
A duty for piotection,
To pay then pockets back the debt
Occasioned by election
A noble band, that hand in hand,
Have piped m many places,
Around the dieadful heio* stand,
But scale him with their laces
And while they chant his simple Jay,
They hold their ready dishe«,
For seven pimciples have they,
Tive loaves and two smalt fishes '
My poet has oone justice, in his description of
the hungry pilgrims of ' Salt river "   I have  said
the Federalists came into power singing,
4 \\ hat has caused this great commotion,
Motion motion,
Oui country thioughi
II is the ball a rolhn" on
If or Tippecanoe and Tyler too "
They wi'l go cut of power on the 4th of March,
1845, smging a different tune, to a different song.
My poet, who you see is admirable at description,
says they will take up their line of march for the
head waiers of "Salt river," to the tune of "Row,
brothers, low," and the song of,
With broken hearts our Tederal bands
In shallops move to bailen sands
Soon as the vVe*tem stai Slows dim
We'lining at SI James our parting hymn.
Row, biotheis, low, the stream lunsfast,
Salt m ei is n<* ir and our gtory 's past
Fteady ' our shallop will tun agtound,
Hoarsely the ripple is heard around
Listen ' out fuglemen raise a sohg,
And the buiden is ' Justy, oh Jim along "
Row, brothers, row the stieam runs fast
CU/, \\ ebster and I lp are veto'd at last
Money is gone, and oui billsare due
Ci edit, deal ctedlt, where ai e you?
Loafcis and pipéis   o mmc we 11 dins
On bacon boiled m Champagne wine
Row, btotheis low, the <tuam ruusfast,
Com biead an 1 hard cidei are all out repast1
Swiftly we neai the and shore,
Pufil ig and t lgglng the heavy oar,
Sao y we sit on our threadbaie cloth,
robing for meatin our coonskin bioth
R w. biothois, iow, the stream run  fast,
'1 he humbug of log cabin is a!) gone past
Metiy we've been in daysgoneby—
1'ieasurehas beamed fiom our !oid y eye,
B it thankless ate  ley o ei whom we've luted,
V t ve been slupp d off by tho*e we've fool'u
Rest brothers, lest, the distance is past,
fe ltnvei is game 1 and om shall->p's fast
Here, where the can ion ciow ne'er flits,
Where want grows poor md tamme dies,
We'll eat our shadows, and blow away
Like mists that hang on the mo antain gray.
Die, biothers dte, out day is past,
Salt uyei will murmur oiu dirge at last.
