158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th ConG"-1st Sess.
Mr. Chairman, the Democracy have been charg-
ed with attempting to destroy the batiks, and over-
throw credit. That charge is without the least foun-
dation mtruth. I defy any man to point to the ac-
tion of (he Democracy, which will justify such a
cnWge./True, the Democracy regret that thebank-
wSsyrfem, on its, present plan, was ever mtro-
docesigand there is no man, who is not a bank
knave or a bank vassal, who makes himself ac
quatnted with the bank statistics of th,s country,
and the stupendous frauds which the banks have
practised upon the Government and the people,
who will not regrtt that there ever was a Bank es-
tablished in the country. But the evil is hen , and
it has interwoven itself with our institutions, co n-
merce, and credit, m sucn a manner, thot the De-
mocracy are compelled to look upon it ¡or th pie-
sent as a necessary evil, and to content themselves
with attempts to reform it. I have betn engaged
for some time examining bank documents and bcink
statistics with laborious attention, and here is the
result ol my labors in a table, on this small piece of
paper. Here is a table, disclosing, m a compressed
manner, the frauds, and publ e and private losses
by bank--, that must astonish all who may read it
I have the document  and statistics which piove
every woid of it. I h«ve slated that ihe Ommit
tee of Ways and Means ot the House ot Repre-
sentatives reputed, April 13th, 1830, the Ot vern-
ment to have lost by the local banks, bctvse n
1814 and 1817, $34 000,000 or $35,000 00O
That report was made by a committee, a majon-
ty of which was m fav t ot tie reeharhr ol lie
Hank of the United Slates, and was intended to il-
lustrate the necesuty ot rechartering that msiilu
tion. It is a Federal expos", and ought to i e good
against that paity and the b?nks, but 1 believe it is
an exaggerated es tímate, and as it s iruth 1 was
after in my research, 1 have not relied on it
Now foi my table litre il is It is --boil, and
consists in generals and íound numbeis not m dc
tails and fractions The number of bank laiUirts
in this country since 1769, is about four bundrul
The lo ses by and ihrougli banks that have fiilul
since 1789, on their capital, circulation, deposites,
and bank lialanc s, are about               #80,000,000
Losses on depreciation ot bank notes-
on banks which have fiom time to
time suspended spece payments     . 100 000 000
I find by the repoi i of ihe Secretary of
the Treasury, Doc No  10, made lo
the Uousc lastses'ion met nlormuy
wilh a call lor that purpose, ihit ihe
G, vernment lost by the bmk-, be-
tween 1814 and JS17, m principal .      8,000,000
Interest from that time to Ihis            .     8,000,000
Losses on deposites]m banks, and  br-
lancs due Irom banks  wh oh have
suspended, about   .                            50 000,000
These last losses were effected by the
reception ot depieciated p^per from
banks which suspendí d specie pay-
ments, in lieu of gold and iilvcr, or lis
equnal nt, which had been deposited,
lor it is a part of the sys em ot bank
suspensions to pay nothing but tank
notes on deposites, however depre-
ciated they may be
Loss to ihe Government in  ttpetite
by the cxtia session, occa mned hy
tbegencial bank&tupcnsienin 1837,
and othei additional expenses ami
losses in settling with the bank,     .        300 000
The aggregate amot.nl of which is §240,300 000
These, sir, Pie the stu-eni'ous kese  and frauds
which this people and tni Government have sufttr
ed by the pic¡>eiit banking -.Hem—losses ard
frauds, which have brought periodical rum upon
this country, embarrassment upen th" Government,
and sunk hundreds and Ibou^an N into poverty and
the grave. It is this s^tem ,.1 banking that the
Democracy «re exerting themselves to reform.
But the p cumary embatrawneriK and 'osses to
the Government and the people are lb, sri allei
evils which this sjstem is working The effect
upon our political institutions and mdrtdua' poli-
tical lights is a thousand times more to be depre-
cated and feared.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Duncan.
Let us briefly examine the subject—an J I have
I but time to glance at it And first let me remark
on a truth well known, which is, that all the
wealth, comfort, and temporal happiness we tnjoy
in this country, Is dug in toil and sweat from (he
grour.d. The earth is the source of our suppoit.
The farmer and the mechanic are the operators
to whom the country and the Government must
look (or support m peace anl war There must
be so much labor done to íurritóh the means ot
support, and any system of policy which may be
introduced, that will enable a portion of the com-
munity to live witnout lalxir, must throw upon tne
balance not so favored, a grca er proportion of la-
bor and re posibility. So, too, in the establish-
ment of i istitiilions, which bestow exclusive pu-
vrjeges and exemptions upon a portion of the com-
munity, mu^t deprive ihe balance, not so favore I,
of a pan of their pnvileges, which the pnrciples
ot political equality entnle them to
What is it that induces an a sociation of indi-
viduals to petition a Legislature for a bank char-
ter' It is to secure to thejiselv *, in an aggie-
gate or corpora'e capacity, a leyal r ght to exet-
cise powers and privileges which ihe piuiuples oi
our Government prevent them from excici^iiig in
th ir individual capacisy. Here thru is an obj et
and a design in the beginning, odious ai d anti Re-
publican, and at war with eve y pnnciple ot eqtnl
rights What aie the privibge and poz/cis wh ch
have been be towed on ¡---scented ipplicants '<i
bank cartels'! Afti i ibty h.i.e been it ci iporated
by the pri vi ion ot then t'arter they have teen
privilu* d to u'scubt "tick Haviu  subscnicei
-■lock, it became thi legal eluiy lo piy u il When i
iequi*i'o imount of stock has eti> u cubed aid
paid m, by the present system ot banking the a so-
ciation have the right to issue ihree time ihe
amount ot papet piormses that theie is caiital
paid in. That is, they have the right lo l'nd lime
dollars in then paper piomi es for every drllar
in ¡m«it ) they have, and íeeeive six p i cmt unt-
ie--1 on cv íy elellai so issue 1 We the Demo-
cracy think it i. unfair an I unjust, that one part of
the commu h y should icceive mteiest on their pa-
per promt e-> to pay, while all c thei-, not co la
vorcel, have lo pay interest on their debt  We,
also, think n un ur, unjust, and nequit >ble,lhtl an
associalitn of nch and monejed iren should be
permitted by law to receive eighteen pt i cent upon
eveiy dollai that ihey own, while the laboring me-
chanic, and the fanner, m bis individual capacity,
<an ncc vt but six percent for a dollai that he
may have to lend, ove i and abe ve what may le
nece. sar) lor hit, maintenance and ih-t of his
family, (it h his a family, and if he las i ot, he
ought to Inve one )
Without further lllust ation, a is seen that ilf
present lnnking sjstern is cikulaed m it-, very
mture ami piivi)e"( to male t' a r eh richer, «ml
the poor poorer It ai once creates Uo orders of
society, a r nvilegtd order, and an oppres cd o>d r,
and it provides the means to maintain and support
the former, while the same m-ans imk and oppress
the latier
But the members of this bank association are ex-
empt, by thnr charter, from individual liability for
the dtbls ol their coipoiati >n The bank maj divide
hundred ol thou-ar-d of dollfrs among its stock-
holders, and it may fail for the amount so divided,
and the individual community may held its rag
promises to the amoun' of its iailure, at d yet not a
dollai can lv> collected from tnese who have re-
cived it e .alue of its preim es Nothing can be
collected frem a bank, except corpora'e pnpeny
can be loiind, and this is rue cf the din "erou ,
fraudu'eiit, and uajust principles connected with
the present binkmg system The bank stockhold r
may posse s himself, bj In. bank advantages- and
privileges, of a princelj tst-te, he may bve in a p -
lice, tre d i Turkey cart ti, <'r nk the richest wme
fu in goblets of gold, eat ihe faites' be^f, ¡oil'¡irough
your stree1 m a gilded carr age arid-four, With his
likened out riders, and tran  nit pecuniary inde-
pendence to his children, vmle the bank from
v hich he ba< diawn his wealth and splei e'oi may
owe every do lar to the community wh eh has been
rJivitJed lo him and his incorporated as ociates. lie
may look with coutempt on   aU below him m
H. ot Reps.
wealth, when the fiauds that made him affluent
made them poor This is no supposition
or fancy sketch, it is all truth, and thousands who
may read me, and thou and  who may not, have
experienced its sad realities.
But further    Those bank  lenders are  money
borrowers     1 have stated thev have the power to
manufactui  three tirn-s as much paper money a-s
they have silver money in then van ts, and then
they have powei   to borrow  it themselves     They
not only m nopobzj by their chart r  tin- preroga-
tive of manufacturing money, hutthej monopolize
its loan.    This is in violaiion of Ihepnrciples upon
which a bank  charter is, granted, if í have any
knowledge ot Ihe intenti-in of Legislatures.   No
one will contend that a bank charter is bestowed
loi the benefit exclusively of those who constitute
the members ot the coipoiation.   It is the public
advantage that is looked to, but that object is de-
feated by the bank stockholders, director, piesi-
dents, andcashiers,bc ng the bonowers themselves.
Now let us briefly present tne evils that this abuse
may and has produced.    Banks have power to ex
pand or contract tneirnsues as much and as often
as ihey please.   Suppose that the pecuniary influ-
ence of a local bank covets on^  hundied miles-
*auaie, and mat us capí al paid in is t*o hundred
thousand dolíais    On lhat cipital it  ha? power to
issue six hundred ttuusand dollars.     Suppose that
its pap^r constitutes ihe principal circulating medi-
um in the suppiseti area  That the price of every ob-
ject of bargunand sile is regulated by the quantity
e 1 currency, s a tact well known,    l'hen this bank
we ul 1 ¡ ave piv er to >aise  and lowtr   the price  of
pr   luce oí e.ciyd sc-iptioti, within th^  nflucice
of i's cu  ulatic i      Suppose at at early  period of
iheveasenl  r otuehisin^ produce  fot exportation,
ihe diiectorsand s.oiicholdcr , m  p'ace of   lending
mo icy to others lo   purchase  pioduce v Uh, mono-
polize all the loans the  bank can muke themselves,
?nd b come the traders   nl ¡unchasers cf produce.
All this the owners of a  bank  can  do     But sun-
I ose before they enter mto such a specuIaUon, ihe
Lank calls in a great portion of its paper, and cur-
tails its ssue and its loans to aU but its directors,
this would have the effect to reduce the price of pro-
duce in pioportion lo the curtailment suppo-ed
The directors would then, being the  monopoh/ers
if loans,  become  the monopol z-=rs. of purchases
with money of their own manufactory, and at their
own price.    It may be said that tiaders could pro-
cure  loans   from   other   banks       But   perhaps
net      The   tialers   and   th ir   securities   may
not   be   known   lo   other   directors of   banks
at    a    distarce, and   befóle    they could    make
tlieiri=tlves   known,   tie   monopoly   would   be
cumplí el      All   tins   the   directors   of   banks
can   do,   anl have dme,   and, by    a   combina-
tion of bank mansgets for such  a  purpose, ihe
who'e trade of the   coun íy may be engulfed and
monopol ¿ed   by  I auk direct rs.    They may, or
they may not, tike n, orrmbrace, the stockholders
generallv     Tnen the banks monopolize ti e manu-
facture of the currency of tie count.y.   Their di-
rector may monopol ¿c  the  loans of iha  money
they manufacture, and by monopohzing the loans,
they monopolize the trade of tie county    These
are eviL that do exist, as connecied with thepreient
banking system     They are evils that strike at the
roit of justice, eqinhty, and every principle of mdi-
v dual  r ghts, anti Repub ican and  oppressive in
their character, vh'ch must, and  will  eventually,
ovenbro v our  boasted tibe^ty, and s.nk our free
institutions
¡t isby such a svstom of monopoly, as well of
bank pnv leges ard unequal credit as of political
privilege* and distinctuiis) v hich have mude two
hundred and eventy thousand oí Eng and's sub-
ject, rich noblemen and haughty aristocrats, but
have reduc d .nd ground down twenty-six millions
of her sub) cts to poverty anc' r>e dust, and made
one-sixth p?tt of the who e population paupers and
beggars Tnat system of monopoly is now un-
dermining oui Government, sapping ourKepubli-
can institutions, and, ¡ repeat, will eventually sink
and subvert oui boasted lioerty
Thee pre the evils of xtlneh the Democracy
complain, and it is the coirection of these evils
that the Democracy mean by bank reform.    If
