Jan. 1841.__________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,___________________________159
26rn Con ....2nd Sbss.                                 Treasury Note Bill—Mr Duncan.                                                        H, of Reps,
banks must exist, we desire to have them placed
Upon the same footing with other institutions in the
country. IÍ moneylenders must be incorporated, we
desire to see ihem deinved of the power of mom po-
hzing the loans of the money of tueir own manufac-
turing, forsurely mcorpoiated money lenders should
not, or need not, be money bonowers If the rich
must be incorporated as money lender- , we desire
to sec them deprived of the power to receive three
times as much interest en their capital as the poor
can receive. And last, if batiks must be mcorpo
rated, we desire to see their stockholder-, held and
made liable for their debts as olher individuals are,
tha the laoorer who is compelled to lake their pro-
mises for his work, may have a right of action and
pro cess of law to recover the amount of that pro-
mise in the currency which the Constitution gua-
ranties to him Thi<, 1 repeal, is what the Demo-
cracy mean by bank reform I  there any thing
wrong in vfl Is there any thing in it that any man
would not approbate who looks to his own and the
best interests of his. country? Is there any thing m
it that any man but abank knave or a bank spaniel,
without a soul and with less spirit than Baalam's
a^s,  would deprecate'
Mr. Chairman, I wish the American people
could have heard the debate on this bill I wish
they could have heard the high toned Federal doc-
t fines which have been boldly advocated I think
it would have removed the scales from ihe eyes of
all who are not m wnful Feaeial and party blind-
ness. Never were the Federal doct-ines in trie
Admimstiation of '98 more boldly asserted than
they have been during the du,cu<sion of thio mea-
sure. The distribution of the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands boldly advocated—a high tariff advocated
with equal boldness—a National Bank—assump-
íon of the Stale debts—and an extravagant and
reckless system of internal improvements by the
Geneial Government, are now urged as a national
policy; and it is claimed that this Administration
has been overthrown by the people in order
that these Federal measures may be carried out
Had such declaralions been madt before ihe elec-
tions, the result would have been different, we all
know. These measure  are all of a character, and
all lead to one object and one great and fatal politi-
cal result, which it has been the caidinal object of
Federalism to secure, viz subjection and dej
pendence of the States and corsolidated power of
the Federal Government I have no t me now to
discuss those measures separately, and if I had, I
do not know that I would do it The American
people understand ihem, they have repeatedly de-
nounced them through the ballot box, and they will
again do it when they are called upon
What object can the people have ,n submitting
to a distribution of the proceeds of the public lands
when they know that that distribution must dimi-
nish the Government ¡evenue, and that diminution
must be supplied either by direct taxation or an in-
crease of duties on imports, which they w id have
to pay, and which will be no more nor less than a
tax, with the adiitional expenses, both in the distri-
bution and the collection? What object can the
people have in a high tariff, when all the additional
revenue ansirg from it must come out of their
pGckets, together with the expenses of managing
rueh a tariff. What object can the people have in
permitting or wishing the Federal Government to
carry on an extravagant system of internal im-
provements, when every dollar tnat is expended
must come out ot their pockets' Why not leave it
with the States, whose legitimate light it is, and
who do, and can, conduct improvements more thin
fifty per c«nt. cheaper than can the Federal Go-
vernment, and who know best the character of
improvements they want? What object can the
people have in an assumption of the Stite deb s by
the General Government, when those debts must
be paid by means drawn from their pocket*, and st
an expense m the management of the trust vastly
greater than jf the Slate? managed it themselves
What object can the people have in the establish
ment of a National Bank whfh they have sen,
more than once, shake this Union to its foundat on,
and bring blight and run upon them, and embar-
rassment upon the Government? An institution
or the establishment of which no object can be an-
swered bat to engender a system of swindling, a (
'pint of stockjobbing and gambling, and to provide
the means for thousands to live without labor, e-n
the industry of others. I ¡rake these inquiries
merely witn reference to the policy and pecuniary
economy &f these measures. I have no time to dis-
cuss their uncon'tituiionahty and iheir subvening
effects and subjugating tendencies I can only say
that the exercise of all, or any of them, except so
far as the support ot the Government for national
defence is concerned, is a departure from the origi-
nal object of the Federal Government, and calcu-
lated 10 subvert those institutions which it was es¿
tablished to protect
Mr Chairman if I could mak- an appeal to the
American Demicracy which every one coull hear,
or e.ery one could read, that appeal would be to
stand 10 their principles, ami the measures which
they have ever supported I wioh I could point
them to the totterine; Condition at tnis moment of
the triumphant party I b<d eve they would see
and feel, as I do, a confidence in its downfall and
final overthrow within the term of its political pow-
er All the Democracy have to do is to be firm
and nniled—firm as to principle, and united as to
men, and then triumph will be eertiin II they
will once more give the vote that Ihey gave last
fall, Federalism will be routed, horse, foot, and
dragoons, for Quch a combination of factions and
circumstances nevei can again be arra>ed against
them. Thousands oi those who have been misled,
will visit with vengeance in >se who have deceived
them, and the ten thousand falsehoods, slanders,
corruptions, briberus, ai'd frauds, by which the
Federalists have gained power, will be made
to recoil upon their heads with fearful judg-
ments I would, then, say to the Democra
cy, as they value the principles and measures
which they í ave ever considered sacred, and
which tney have so long, so manfully, and =0
successfully maintained ajainst the combined pow-
ers, factions, wealth, 2nd influence, of Federalism,
Stand to your principles, and be united I would
say to them, as ihey fear and dread, wnh patriotic
hor or, the successful efforts of Federalism «nd
the fatal effects of a political combination of a do-
mestic and foieign moneyed bank aristocracy, or-
ganized and drilled, and clothed with powtrs and
exclusive privileges which now give tlaem "a
power behind the throne g> eater than the throne
itself," I sa},as they fear and abhor thes , I
would appeal to hen o stand to their principles,
be united, be vigilant, and triumph will be iheirs
If the Federal factions should han¡_ to ether, and
survive the commcti m in their ranks that now
«hakes and threatens them with dissolution, the first
Congressional elections wiH give them s>n earth-
quake shake, and the elections of 1844 will secure
their overthrow more complete and fatal thin the
Babylonian fall. Once morp I say to the Demo-
cracy, be united and firm, and triumph will be
yours.
When Mr. Ddncan had fin «ned his remarks,
he lead from the Intelligencer the following, as re
portel in that paper
"Mi W. C Johnson submitted the Chair
whether it was m order for an individual to charge
General Harrison with cowardice, who had him
self been branded as a coward on this floor1"
This paper was put in h s hand a moment before
he commenced speakins;. He had deferred saying
anything on ihe subject until he should fim«h his
remarks, exp-cting tnat some denial would be
made, or some correr non cf the report ordered
But that not being done, he denounced ils author
(pointing lo Mr Wm Cosr Johnson,) a bd.e liar,
a contemptible puppy, a scoundrel, pnd an infamous
coward Now, sir, «aid Mr. D I heard no part
of the matter «o reponed, as applied to mvselr, and
I ask the chairman, who was nearer to Mr. Join
son whether or not hj heard the member so ex-
pre s himself
The chairman ["Vlr Campbell] responded that
he heaid no such remark
Tnen, snd Mr D if saidat all it must have
been muttered, and not m'end^d to be heard
Mr.  Johnson rose and said he was conectly
[ reported that he had made the memark, and justi-
fied it He read a part of a speech which purported
to have been delivered m support of the resolution
which had been introduced to expel Mr. D. for
the publication of certain letters, postmg certain
members therein named. Mr. J. made some other
remarks m justification.
Mr. Duncan said that resolution and its sup-
port was founded m base cowardice It was
manufactured as he was inrormed, and had rea-
son to believe, in a caucus, and the object was to
relieve the members posted m ihe said letters from
disgrace, which they had not the courage to re-
1 eve themselves from When the resolution was
in roduced, m was intimated that the publication
of ¡heselettris was postponed until after the pas-
sage of the Uw against dueling. As soon as that
in imation was uttered, Mr D said he pronounced
tie man who imputed such a motive to him, a base
scoundrel and a liar The member from Kentucky,
[Mr. Mfnifí e] intimated the same, he, too, said
Mr D I pointed out instantly, and pronounced a
contemptible scoundrel, and told him that the
duelling law only operated over ten miles square,
and in ten ot twelve short days- we would be out
of these ten milts square, and any gentleman who
felt hims,elf aggrieved, might call on him he
should be met, and have such redress as he might
have the couiage to ask Mr. D disclaimed
having charged General Harrison with cowardice,
in any remark he had made, he had presented no
fact or statement but what the pohticil history of
the counti y and of the last war warranted and suv
taned Those who heard him, and those who
might read him, louli draw their own conclusions
And to conclude, once for all, sa d Mr D. I repeat
and fix upon the member [Mr Johnson] the charge
I made upon him He is welcome to make the
best of it
Thursday —When the House went into Com-
mittee ot the Whole, Mr. DUNC4N rose and
asked pel mission to make a remark oi two per-
sonal to himself Leave being given, he said that
it was with some astonishment that he had seen a
report of some remarks of the member from Mary-
land, [W C Johnson] in the Intelligencer, deny-
ing ihe charges that he, Mr Duncan, had made
upon Mr Johnson on Tuesday last I will read,
said Mi D the report as it is in the Globe It is
as f< Hows;
'When Mr Duncan I ad finished his remarks'!
he read ire m the lntelhgencer the following, as re-
ported in that paper
'Mr W C Jon\soN submitted to the Chair
whether it was m order for an individual to charge
General Hirnson with cowardice, who had
himself leen branded as a coward on this
floors
" This paper was put in h s hand a moment before
he commenced speaking He had eleferred saying
any thing on the subject un'it he should finish
his remarks, expecting that some denial would
be made, or some correction of the leport o'dered.
But that not being done, he denounced its author
(point ng to Mr Wm Cosí Johison ) a base liar,
a contemptible puppy, a scoundrel, and an infamous
coward Now, sir, said Mr. D I heard no part
oí the matter so reported, as applied <o myself, and
I psk the chanman, who was nearei to Mr. John-
s >n, whether or not he heard (he member so express
himself
"The chairman [Mr. Campbell] responded that
he hear! no such remaik
"Then, sail Mr. D if said at all it must
have b en muttered, and not intended to be
heir!
"Mr Jo'tNsOuroe and snd he was correctly
repirfd He had made the remark, and justi-
fied it He lead a part of a speech which pur-
ported to have been delivered in support of the re-
wlution which had been introduced to expel Mr.
D for the publication of certain letters, posting
certain members therein named Mr J made
so-no  other remarks ¡n justification
"Mr Duncan said that resolution and us sup-
port was founded in baie cowardice It was
manufactured, as he was informed, and had rea-
son to believe, m a caucus, and the object was to
relieve the members posted in the said letters from
i
