160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong.--"2nd Stss).
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Brown.
Feb. 1841.
H. of Reps.
disgrace, which they had not the courage to relieve
themselves from. Whea the resolution was in
troduced, it was intimated that the publication of
these letters was postponed until after the passage
of the law against dueling. As soon as that in-
timation was uttered, Mr. D. said he pronounced
the man who imputed such a motive to him, a base
scoundrel and a liar. The member from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Mbnifei.] intimated the same, he,
too, said Mr. D. I pointed out instantly, and pro-
nounced a contemptible scoundrel, and told him
that the dueling law only operated over ten
miles square, and in ten or twelve shott days we
would be out of these ten miles squa e, and any
gentleman who felt himself aggrieved, might call
on him: he should bs met, and have such redress
a$ he might have the courage to ask Mr. D
disclaimed having charged General Hamsun with
cowardice, in any remark he had made, he had
presented no fact or statement but what the politi-
cal history of the country and of the ,ast war war-
ranted and sustained. Tnose who heard him, and
those who might r'ad him, could draw their own
conclusions And to conclude, once for all, said
Mr. D. I repeat and fix upon the member [Mr
Johnson] the charge I male upon him. lie is
■welcome to make ti e best of it "
The mernbei from Maryland denies that the
words in italic* were utteied by me. I say they
were as reported, word for word, and d'lvcted in
the member's face, not in a cowardly mut'er, but
in peals that filled this hall to its icnuUsi corner.
And I now endorse the above report, ami reitera te
what I then said, and piouounce the member now,
as I did then, and as 1 can do at any time oi place,
a base liar, a coMemptibhs puppy, a.coundre), and
an infamous couard. 1 hope I amumv h aid, and
I am prepared to prove ihtt I so denounced ihe
member on last Tuesday, as reported, and I have
now to add that his sneaking and pitiful effort to
changa the issue, and slnit the responsibility, by a
contemptible quibble and a bart faced falsehood,
sinks him stjtl lower in my estimation Tins he
has done by denying the (orrectrpsv of the leport
Here is the report ot the Intelligencer, whuh
would surtly do him no injustice, m which the
Globe is sustained in all that is essential, so i«r as
he was denounced.
"Now (proceeded Mi. D.) I never heaid this re-
mitir made by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Johnsoh ] It was not addressed to me noi to
the Chairman of the commit ee in such a way as
to be heard. And i was astoni.bed when it wa.
pat into ray hands; and if I had h&d time U>i reflec-
tion, I would have contradicted it through some
o'her medium. Í sty Í did not hear the icmark,
and I have no hem'atiuu m declaim; that the m.m
who uttered it is guilty of able UKcnoi d, ind i-s
himself a liar. And I call upon the Chairman ot
the committee to say whethu such language v,¿s
used in hisheaung.
"When called upon by Mr. Duncan—>
"Mr. Campbell of South Carolina rose and said.
I take upon myself to say that I heard no such ex-
pression when I was 'n the Chair. I bad called the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr Duncan] to order for
irrelevancy, and he had aiquieseed. 1 then undi r
stood the gentleman ftom Maryland [Mr. W. C.
Johnson] as rising to the same point oí order, and
my reply to him was, that 1 had already called ihe
gent'em.in l> order, and that he had acquired in
the decís on. But, I repeat, I did not hear the ex-
pression referred to.
"Mr Dt/Nco I protest against the «la'ement
that I bad ever sai 1 any thing against General Har-
rison except what the lately ot the conn ry sus-
tained me in saying. I never intimated that he
was a coward, nor any thi.ig like i , and no con-
clusion can be drawn Horn any thing I have said
other than that he was no entitled to that character
of a great military cbieitain w h oh ivas claimed for
him by his friends "
"What moréis neccj sary to pio/c the member
guilty of falsehood in his aiior"pt io d> ny th^t he
was denounced in the words reported' A single
remark, and I am done.
The member from Maryland is ¡he la-*' man who
should attempt to shuffle irom responsibi'ny by
making the question of character  an objection
to a demand for satisfaction. I will take some
other occasion to present the member's charae er to
the country It is not my object to rrake any new
issue at this time, I have the member nailed, snd I
intend to keep htm so I am no duellist, I know
but h tie about the rules and laws of etiquette that
regulate duelling, if there be any, nor have I any
desire to know them, but I have just got skil1, the
courage, the power, and the Highland blood, to
meet the member, whenever and wherever he may
have the courage to invite me nnd five him such
redress as he may have th  chivalry to ask, and I
will make the member gentleman enough for lh.it
purpose Let me remark, too, that the duelling law
has as few terrors for me as i' has for the member
He has nothing to fear through me from the duel-
ling law I am done. I will tiouble the House or
the committee no m^ie with this subject If I ap-
pear again in this matter, it w.ll be alone m the
columns of the newspapers, unles. the member
should rally his courage, if he has any, and mvi'e
me to some other place.
REMARKS OF MR. BROWN,
Oi MI->S1V3IPJ?I
In the If'Wbe if Representatives, Monday Pebiuaiy
22,1841- In Couilpittee ol the Whole on ins
General Appiopna ion bill, ou the amendment ot
Mt Thompson of Mississippi in relation to the
fees oí marshals., clerks, eV*
Mi. A. G BF.OvVN said the proposition of his
(ollea¿uc w.Aj the only one loi which he could vote.
That amend aent proposed to redact* the It cs ot of-
fice] i in the dis net and e rpu.t e i its ul the united
Silled to a Mundaid with the lets of oili ers p i-
ioruimg like services in Ihe comía oí tae s veial
States, and it further provided that the fee bid in
the i'tdtral couits, should ill all aaer time confo'in
to the lee bills oí ihe S ate court -. This was light.
The fee bills ol the Slate courts were under t1 e
eoi troi of ihe Leg slaluies oi the respective Stat s,
and theie was not, m his judgment, the slightest
danger but that the people would always exerc.se
suiheent control over their immediate repre enta-
tivts to loiee such a regulation of the fees of law
oihceis av should be acceptable to themselves he
believed there was no community in the Govern-
ment who would object to pay marshals and
clerks ot the United States couits the same
lees that weie paid to clerks and shenfls oi
State courts; and he was quite certain that
no people would be willing to pay m re. Pass
then the amendment oí hs colleague, and >ou
would do all ib.it jou ought to do—all that the p c-
ple comm md you to do on this subject You
li ave ttie fee bill in the Federal courts to be _>egu-
laud by loe.il legislation. Ineie vas a pecu'iar
fitaess in tin . Services in soiri. S a'e weie north
moie than hue seivc^s in (tie i States Ihe L-
gislaiure oi .New York was the best judge oí u > at
the isauai ce of a subpisna, < r the service of a cn/ius
was worn m that Stale, and the Legislature <1 his
own Slate (Mississippi) was met competent to ad-
just all such mattcr-i in that State. If Congie-s
undertook to pass a geneial fee bill, it must ne-
cessarily do injustice to some ot the States, unce
that bill, wh ch conforms to the interest of trie
S uth,may be mucn too h<-avy for the Norm, «here
labor lsgeneially much lowei, and every one kne -
it was nor h moie to di chaige the duties oí mar-
shal or sheiiff, in a spaisely populated coun'iy,
thin in one densely sett'ed At all even'', thee
could be no harm in leaving this matter entirely m
.he hands of the respective State Legislatures
The proposition ot hi  col!ei"t>e (Mi. Thompsí n]
p opj ed to place it there, and io permit it to re-
main through all after tune.
Ihe bill, as íeportei i/ora the Committee of
Wats and Means, he demand a pu iticil cnoim t/.
What doss that Old propose? ./io, sit, not to re-
duce tbe fees, out to eo cct fum ihe unforturnte
d b or he enormous sut, s wh cm you have always
¡orceli'on h m vu'i such m stable twatldle as
that c eiks and maisiial, aie pc permuted to reta u
toe money, but compelled to pa*- it over to tins
United S'aes Tr-asury—as tnei>gh it "as a mat-
ter oí any so.t ot constquenca to the plmdiied
man whither the money winch you had thus foiced
from him went into the pockets of an officer or the
vaul s of a bankrupt Tieasury. For one, if this
system of legalized plunder was to be kept up, he
desired, so iar as his own State was concerned, that
ihe e'erks and marshals m ght have the benefit of it.
In that event, montoriou  citizens m Mississippi
would derive some benefit fiom your cruelly to the
unfortunate; and the aggregate wealth of tne State
would not be diminished But pay it into the
Treasury of the United States, and what goes with
it? It is lost to us and ours forever. It goes to
build up light-houses, harbors, and to make other
improvements in your Eas'ern States, and the
gross amount of the wealth of Mississippi is dimi-
nished to the lull amount of the mesey thus un-
righ'eously abstracted from the p ckets of his in-
drb ed con' tituems, and strained through the hands
of Federal officers into the vaults ot the nation.
His constituents had asked to be released from this
0NKRou¡> tatat on, and jou propose to quiet their
supplications by taking their money to build light-
house^ and other things for the benefit of other
States. Sir, thus is not the relief a ked for, and
it is an insult to the people thus to íespond
to their petitions. Ii you take Ihe money
from the poor litigant, let the marshal and clerk
keep it. The pecpe oi Mississippi, had already
been ¡ore&d to pay five tines their jusi quota for
the support of Government undir lie tariff laws
and land laws of ihe United S.ates; and now you
piopose to levy a lix of of seventy-five tr eighty
thousan I dollars per annum, and call it ithef Be-
lieve mo, Mr. Cliairman, my unfortunate constitu-
ent have had asttr/ttí oí just such relief.
Uut, Mr Ch.iuuj.iii, I have anothei and msupe-
íable olj Cion to the b'lla te,ie>iled by the com-
ma ee, ei . s preyo ed to b_- amended by the gentle-
man tie m Tennes e<, [M Johnson,] and that ob-
jection is one loi nded on w^at I deem to be a just
a id projier construction ot the Constitution If I
h>ve read thatinstn ment ansht, it secures equality
m taxation to all the people oi this Confederacy;
and whit do you piopose Io do ly thv bill. Why,
sir, to collect eff of about 2,000 defendant suitors
and citizen, of Mississippi, eighty-five thousand
dollars in the way of tax on law suits. Of this
sum, you propose to give to the marshal ten thou-
sand dollars as the maximum of his compensation,
and to pay the remainder into the United States
Tieasury. Is that equality of taxation which ex-
acts f om two thousand citizens ot Mississippi,
who are so unfonunate as to become suitors m
jour Federal court, a tat of seventy five thousand
dollars, whilst yeu e\e¡ pt iron similai taxation
the remaining thmj-five thousand who are not
sin ora ni thdtcoui ' is that equality of taxation
which e\d( is seventy Pve thousand dollars from
two thcusai d eiU7ens of Mississippi, and not one
cent Irom the five hundred thousaad who li/e in
Om ' Is that rqjilily ot taxation which exacts
ot me fi ty dollar , b cause I am so unfortunate as
to be sued, and jet exempts entirely my neighbor
or my biother, v.ho i  not sued' Is that equality
of taxation wmch exacs of the unfortunate debtor
thousands and tens ol thousands, and not one cent
from the unemb?rra"sed and umndeb ed part of the
commumtj' And does any man seriously pretend
th t this will not b  the result if this law is passed'
Is it not in fa-t avowed, in all parts of the Hou-e,
lhat this will be tbe ie*uli' And bavc rot defence*
been attempted to be set up for this political mon-
stros.ty?
Sir, you have ro authoiity to raise revenue in
this waj, and if jou had, >t would be a monstrous
abuse of power 'o exeu ise your authr n y I would
not have one dollar of icneni'a co'lected in this
way,—such nl-gotieii ga.n—gotten in violation of
ihe Constitution—isruig frtm the t,nforlunatp
debtor—coined, as U were, from the fie h of a tor-
tured cit z p, I should expect to turn to slray
rep lies and to m  ins adders, t->u i ould besmear
t e vaul's oí year Tieasuiy with their filth, and
* n"-, ps vita a deadly poison, each hand that
diredrem /e them. I cannot, I will not, vote for
any maxar u-n compf n«a ion—to ao so i> to fix a
comitgeicy on the suffering, of wh ch this ill-gotten
treasure  nuus to the naLon. You have no autbo-
n'y to fix any suca contingency. You have no
authon'y to take one dollar of money collected in
