Feb. 1841. __________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.  ___________                   !¿
26th Cong....2nd Sess.                                     Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Black.                                                        H. of Reps.
this way, though there were millions wrung from
the unhappy citizen, I will voie for ire propor-
tion of my colleague, and I shall do so wiih great
pleasure; but when this it, done, I bhall have done
all that I can or will no I shall not be a-cu^ed of
voting against a maxvnum through party motives,
for befoie this law goes, into effect—ií n pisses at
ail—there will probably not be a political fuend of
mine in any office in the Republic within the gift of
tne Executive, that is wor h a king for. I chira to
give the vote winch I shall gt-re, against the origi-
nal proportion, and ajam t ihe amfndmcnt of my
friend from Tennessee, [Mr Jon  on,] in obe-
dience to ray tense of justice to my constituents,
and my duty to tb.3 Constitution, and to these
alone.
SPEECH OF MR. BLACK,
OF GEORGIA
In the House of Representatives, Ftbruary 2, 1841—
On the Treasury note bill      t
Mr. Barnard  montion to strike out the. enac*-
ing clause be ng under consideration,            \
Mr. BLACK said He deemed it incumbent on
him, at tuts late period oí the discussi n, to detain .
the committee for as -hort a time as the importance/
of the subjects introduced into the debate wouM
permit. It the hono able gentlemen who preceded
him had confi ved themselves to the merits of the
bill on the Ub e, he vvould, in all probability, have
given a silent votf but the me e question whether
we shall authorize the issue ol five millions of Trea
sury notes to enab'e the Governme .t t> anticipate
a portion of us r«venue% had beea wholly lost sight
of. It seemed to be conceded on all bands that
the bill must pa^s, he doubted whether the gentle-
man himself, whose motion was now pending to
strike out the enacting clause, would vote against
its final passage, nay, the gieat difficulty wi h the
reforming and relienchmg Whigs who had ma>-
shalled themselves in apparent opposition to the
bill, was, that instead of too much, it gave too lit-
tle. But ill1 issue of Tieasuiy noes, whether
coEstdered wnhr'gard to the constitutionality or ex-
pediency of the measuie, had hardly been mentune I
lor the lasi we^k—the tariff, m eri>al improvements
by the Government—the d stnbution of theprr ceds
of the public landi amoig the Stales—a public debt
(which they denomínate a ";« ,") and a National
Bank, are the vital and important questions which
have absorbed Us, since ths commencement of this
discussion. Nevtr hn«seif a great stickler for
"relevancy of debate," he was rejjiced that the
leading fneads of General Harrison had seized this
occasion to show the r hand¿ to the people—patti-
cularly to the Southern people, who had great inte-
rests at stake up >n tne policy and measures of the
incoming Administration. Fie had never before,
from the commencement of the struggles between
the rival pames, heard or witnessed, trom the op-
ponents ot Mr. Van Burén, so bold, candid, and
fearless an avowal cf policy and principle as had
characterized their speeches on this cceasion. He
ventured to say, if these confessions of Whig faith
¿ad been made during the last summer, "old Tip"
had never been President—it least, if his election
hal depended on the vo e of the Sta'e of Georgia.
Sir, said Mr. Black, my de'ega'ed light is flick-
ering m its socket, my representative career is about
tj terminate abruptly, and the trappings of office,
which I have endeavored to \ etr meekly,will short-
ly fall from my shoulders Tney will be transferred
to aa abler.but not more hone t crzeUous incumbent
But while, in obel>eaee to the vece of mv consti-
tuents, I willingly resign to the hinds ot ano her the
high trust, and the representative chaiacvr wiih
which they endued me, I am jet "onjü dp this
people," of thai character, ard of the righ's which
p-rtain to it, no msn ran depnve me, and in that
chaiactei, as one of the sovereign people" of the
State ot Georgia, I claim to be heard on this floor.
I availmyselt then, sir,of my privilege, not only asa
Representative, but as a constituent, to advise my
fellow-citizens at home of what 19 trans-piring here,
and to warn them that a high discriminating tariff,
under the the speci >us garb of a tax on luxuries, is
to be saddled on them, and perhaps on their po te-
nty. That a public debt, disguised as a loan, is
11
prepar ng for them—that their hard earnings must
go tj support a splendid sysem oí interna! im-
provements by the General Government. That
the proceeds of the public lands, instead of being
made to rontnbue 10 the reduction ofdutieson
imports,are tobe abstracted from that purpose,
and divided cut amos? tr.e States in proportion to
their population, for th" avowed purpose of paying
the debts of ifuse States. That this vacuum, thus pro
dura), of between three and five trillions annually,
is 10 be «uppliel by incieasing the duty on tbo«e ar-
ticles of commerce which depend Irr their importa-
tion into the country exclusively opoa the agueultural
productions r f ti e Sooth. That a National Bank,
to which they hav« ever been opposed,as nncoistitu
tional, as des'ructive to their own S ate institutions,
and as hostile to their agricultural and commercial
prosperity, is to be fastened on the country. These
are the measures, fir, which have been openly ad-
vanced m this debate—not hinted at or suggested,
but boldlj- proclaimed, as if "by auifcortfy," to be the
measure- whicb nre to ch?iaeieriz- General Harri-
son's administra on My object, tl en, is to give
Hmely notice to the people of Georgia, to Wnigs
as well a1; lo D^moei its, that their day of trial is
. at hand—that ?11 the evilvhich it was predicted
would follow the elect on of Genera! Harrison is
about 'o be realised, and ihat the foiebodmgs
which were denounced in cerHm quartersps the in-
terested misrepresentations of poliUcal aspirants,
are n-">w ab ut to assume the unquestionable cba-
rac'ei of passing events Sir, spid Mr B I ques-
tion the motives of no man; I shtlt not be so un-
parliamentary as to deny to gentlemen here the
same lecti ude of in'ention that 1 claim for myelf-
but, at the sarn  time, my rights and interests ?s a
constituent, and my 1. gh duty as a Representative,
wh'C'i Wiih me are paramount to all other eons>f,=-
raiion , cons rain ms to <pvk out plain'y ?nd au-
dibly, ^ thout regard to consequence^. Wh n I
do th s, I "hall have done my dutv, and ihe people
of Georgia, who T doubt not ate equal to any
emergency, will most assuredly do (heir 
Sir, my friend from New York [Me. Vander-
f el] ddiveied yesterday an able speech in vimh-
catioT of ihe present Adminis'rauon. I listened lo
i' with great pleasure, as a prompt and conclus'Ve
rej-ly to the blunderio" attacks which had been
made on the official estimates, but there was one
rem rk of that gentleman which I regretted to h°ar.
He told us he had listened to so much rant and gas-
conade about Southern wealth and importance,
he had almost concluded that Pennsjlvama and
New York were nothing more than ner  colonies,
111 compari op with «ome other States of the Union
I cannot but regret to hear these comparisons msti-
tu'ed as to the relative importance of the North and
theSmth But if gentlemen will talk abcut it, I
msi it thit just.ee at least tb.ill be done to the South.
She does not urge the comparison, but when North
em gentlemen are making these unprofitable
estimates, let rnea'k th'nvwhat would all their
boasted eommerciil importance amount to, without
th' a-nciltural product.ons of the Sjuth it the
aruc e of cot'mi was stncK^n from their comme-cial
vorabulaiy, what would tney expoi 1 Could th y
freight their si ips to Europe wun app'e', potatoes,
onion-, and " 0 jden nutmegs? Let th° production
01 cotton be destroyed at th- South by actual legis-
lation, or the prevalence ot the Abolition mama,
and what would the Slite of Maine do with hei
ships'! Instead of employing them, as she now
does, m exporting ¡he produce of ¡he South, and in
brmgmgback the manufactured goods with which our
raw materia' 15 purchased, hei merchantmen wou d
freeze m her dorks, and rot at her wharves, un-
less, ind cl, ihe embarked t^em in the commenda-
ble einp'oymenl of abducting our s]aVes from their
lawful owners She could, itistrue,sendafew '.on ,
lov, blacK 'ctiooreis" to S'Vamiah, and down ihe
Smthern oast, in command cfsuch m n as Phil-
brook and K>II-rpn, woo, unier pretence of taking
lumber to the East, might stow away our negroes
bstween the interstices ot the r timber cargo. But
however this sort of "tr?mc inhuman flesh might ap
prove its'lf to the philambropic senumenis oí the ad-
vocates o< "human, rights," yet I apprehend that m a
commercial point of view, the profits ol the voyage
would not be quite as large as if they had been ho-
nestly employed in carrying our cotton  to Liver-
pool or Havre.
[Here Mr Albert Smith of Mame interposed,
and said that «0 far from employing "long, low,
black schooners  m the abduction of slaves from
Georgia to Maine,he.would be very thankfel if
the gentleman from Georgia would abduet the
100 negroes from Maine who had voted against,
and beaten him in his own district at the last Con-
gressional election.
[Mr. Black assured his friend if he would de-
liver these negroes to him at his plantation, on the
Savannah river, at any time after the fourth of
March proximo, he would employ them m a much
better business than voting against and defeating
so distinguished a Democrat as the gentleman from
Maine.]
But, Mr. Chairman, I deprecate this sort of dis-
cussion, espfcially with our friends—this unneces-
sary compa-ison between the different sections of
the Union. All that I have said on the subject has
been «strictly in reply.
Sir, I take the liberties of tins debate to digress
for a moment to a topic m relation to which much
has been said, not only in this House, buj in  the
newspapers ot the day.    I allude to the supposed
influence of British gold in controlling the elections
which have just passed.   What the extent of that
influence was, if it existed at all, in other sections
of the United States, I cannot assert of my own
knowledce    T'ie charge of corruption has been
made, and has been met on this floor by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Gov. Pope] only with sir
lence and alleged contempt.   It may be that m the
dense and crowded cities of the Nonh, the East,
and even in the West, the "noble a> t of pipe laying"
was resorted to, to secure the ascendency of the mo-
dern Whigs     It may be true, as I have seen it
gravely and circumstantially stated, that in many
of the Harrison counties of Ohio .hey haveactually
beaten the census at ihe late elections in  that State.
But whatever may be my opinion as to  the truth
oí these   charges, or the manner in which they
have been  met with  regard  to other and distant
parts of the Union, I am free to declare lhaSt so far
as they lela'e to  the State of Georgia—to any of
my constituents, whether Democrats or Whig*,
they are wholly and totally false.    It is true the
party, with which 1 am acting, was defeated in Oc
tober and November last, but it was because the
majority ot the people was persuaded to* prefe 
General Harrison to Martin Van Buren—because
they believed that the a ¡ministration of the former),
if fleeted,  won'd be str.cfly conformable  to the
rights and interests of the South—that we would
have no bank—do protective tariff, open or dis-
guised—no internal improvements by the General
Government—no distnbu ion  of the public lands
for the purpose of assuming the State debts, or for
any other purpose—'hat supposed abuses would be
reformed, and last, not least, that we should have a
retrenchment of the expenditures of the Federal
Government. Because the people believed that these
wou'd be  the  characteristics of a Whig adminis-
tration, they thought  proper to sustain our oppo-
nents and   abandon   us.     We   told them   then,
as   I   tell   them    now,   that   they   were   de-
luded   and  deceived   by   the   false   professions
of party hacks, and party leaders.   Bui still th©
people chrse to believe, as they had a ught to do,
in the tiuih of t! e professions which were made to
them.   That belief, honest, I have no doubt, to the
full extent of it, aid not  ihe appliance of either
British or American gold, induced them to the sup-
port of the dominant party.   Nay, sir, so far from
the great rna-s of the people oí Georgia being
tamt  d or tí uched wi h the corruption of gold, I do
not believe thtt we have even a floating  balance
of population that conld be bought by such vile
means, ard  the charge,  when   made against any
pmtym Georgia, is false, and a slander upon the
reputation of «he State.   By the way, said Mr. B.
whil -1 am talking about bribery, I may be permu-
ted to a'lude for a moment to a pictorial represen-
tation of two of my colleagues and myself, which
is now exposed upon 3 our avenue to the public
gaze, and openly 1 ended m the Whig print shops
of this city.   I mean the base libel which exhibits
me as bought over by Federal gold to the sap-
