j^eb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
¿tes
26th CotrG....2sD Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Black.
Bú otBeps.
and individually, if this Whig
law of the land.
Stock issued, and authorized
States.
Massachusetts
New York
Pennsylvania
Maryland
Virginia    .
Sonih Carolina
Georgia
Kentucky .
Tennessee
Ohio
Louisiana .
Indiana
Mississippi
Illinois
Alabama   .
Maine
Missouri   .
Arkansas .
Michigan .
Florida
measure 1  made a
to be issued by the
$4 943,197 92
13,394 018 19
27,665 003 32
16 407,001 39
6,662 0e9 17
5,753 770 12
1,500,000 00
7,369,000 00
1,789,166 66
10,030,162 71
23,139 000 00
14 717,000 00
7 000,000 00
11,600 000 00
15,700,000 00
554 976 00
2,500,000 00
3,100,000 00
5,340,000 00
3,900 000 00
$183,064,385 48
The above table is abstracted from Trotter's
Finances of the United State*, an English book,
published in London as long ago as December,
1839. I do not give it as exhibiting an accurate
amount of the debts of the Slates at this time, be-
cause, in some instances, a portion of the stocks
auihonzed to be issued by certain of the States,
has not yet been disposed oí, and besides some
time has elapsed since the compilation. However,
it will serve to show which of the Sta'es are in-
debted, and wilLindicatc -something like the amount
of their debb. From the best information I can
gather,the present aggregate of the whole debt is
considerably over $200 000,000, and the annual mte
rest thereon, as 1 have already shown, is nearly
|20,000,000.
Sir, I confess I was as'omshed and mortified at
the speech ef my honorable colleague, [Mi Kfs-
bit,] who succeeded the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr Rhett ] I do not intend to attack
the motives of that gentleman, or to exprés? eien
a suspicion of his intentions, bat while I willingly
concede this much to him, and promise to set down
nothing in malice, I shall speüfc plainly and can-
didly of the position hs assumed^ and of the conse-
quences likely to result from it * The more I see
of that gentleman, sir, the more I am, convinced of
his firmness and resolution I will not say that h 
ever was a nullifier, eo nomine, but that he professed
to be a State Rights man.and was willing to take the
advantages of nullification principles, however he
may have found it convenient to shan the odium of
the name, he himself will not deny. His old asso-
ciates, than, for the sake of their principles, to the
success of which he is indebted for his present ele-
vation, ought to have been secure from any detrac-
tion, either direct or indirect, at his hands. But in
his haste to commend himself to his new and un-
natural allies, he has the boldness to turn upon his
old coadjutors, and, with a small but bitter vi'upe-
ration, assail them and their principles in an UBpro-
voked attack upon the distinguished Carolinian
who represents the palmetto State m the other end
of this Capitol.
Does not that gentleman know that the majority
of this world has not yet been able to distinguish
between measure  and men1 Does he not know
that the eminent statesman, against whom he hurled
the shafts of his new-born mdisnation, has by his
able and fearless vindication oí the righis of the
States, identified himself with the principles upon
which those rights depend? Does he not know
that any assault he may mike agam-t that states-
man, personally, must recoil from the man to the
political system of which he is justly regarded as
the head and from? Wherefore the necessity of
wandering from the question before the Hous" to
speak of John C. Calhoun as a political comet,
wild and errant in his course, coming from whence
he knew not, and going whither no man could tell,
as a politician who ought to have a straight jacket;
and as a leader whom he could not follow? Sir, I
think my colleague ought to be able to tell whence
Mr. Calhoun came on the Slate Rights question, and
whither he went, for the gentleman himself, what-
ever he may now think of it, was, m that celebrated
progress, the travelling companion of the great
Nullifier. AUhough he may have worn no
badge by which he ui'ght be marked and
distinguished, yet he had our countersign, and
was certainly at that time in the State Rights
camp, wherever he may now be. Notwithstanding
all this, he affects to be extremely ignorant of Mr
Calhoun's "whereabout " As a Southern S ale
Rights man, I most decidedly object to this unpro-
voked attack upon an individual, who, m'the hour
of our utmost need, defended us and our n|hts with/
an ability and constancy equalled only by the-pa-
tnotism with which he was ready and willing to
sacrifice himself for the good of his counUy. Sir,
the gentleman's arrows were well dipped, but his
bow was too weak. He may exerci e his archery
if he will, but his shafts fall, as they ever must,
fir shoit of the bright and elevated object at which
he would hurl them.
Mr. B. said he had just alluded to his colleague's
fortitude; he could not but do so again, for no man
as a Representative of the South, could make,
such a speech as the gentleman had just delivered
upon the "tariff question," without utterly disregard-
ing consequences.
¿Mr. Nisbet explained. He had no idea that
his colleague would intentionally misrepresent him
he therefore asked bim to bear m mind thit,
throughout the whole of his speech, he had protest-
ed against a tariff for protection, and that he advo-
cated duties for revenue only.]
Sir, said Mr. B. I repeat again, I do not question
the gentleman's motives. I freely concede to him
all the benefit of "good intentions " He has a pet-
feet right, as an individual, to choose his position—
that I shall not que«tion, but when he speaks here
as my repre entative, I must be p^imnted to dis-
sent from ihe doctrines he has thoutht proper to
advance. Nor shall I misrepresent his remarks—
I remember them well, for ih?y Nounded ominously
on my enr The gentleman did say, more than
once, (and I thought he was unusually ¡tolicitcus
to ltnpre-s it on his hearers,) that he was opposed
to a protective tariff, and advocated duties only foi
revenue That was h's text, but did he stick to it?
We '¡.hall see 
In the first plioe, "hs advocaled duties only for
revenue" What sort of areveme? For a reve-
nue commensurate with the demands of the gentle-
man from Itew York, [Mr Barnard,] who esti-
mated the deficit of the Treasury at ¿40,000 000-
to which we must add his estimates for the current
expenses, not only of 1841, but of 1842? If
my colleague is willing to raise a revenue by
means of a tariff sufficient to cover these liberal es-
timates, I apprehend he will find but few of his con-
stituents who would go wnh him. This is an im-
portant point on which ne are left to grope our
way thropjrh an mdefin'te generality, and I
protest against leaving open any door through
which the e "liberal estimates" cf avowed ta-
riff men may be forced upon us hereafter un-
der the guise of ' duties fin revt-iue only "
We are told by the gentleman from Georgia that
he will support and maintain the compromise act
of March 2d, 1833—for that "it settles a great con-
servative principle for the Souih" The only
"conservative ■principle" in favor of the South which
that act settle, is to be found m the third section,
in these word' "And such duties shall be laid for
the purpose of raising such revenue as may be ne-
cessary to an economical administration of the
Government." So far as that principle is concerned,
I am willing to support it myself, but to the two
other principles contained in this -eetion, to wit-
the cash duties, and the home valuation, I am op-
posed upon the ground that their insertion in the
act was a reservation in favor of the tariff interest
of the North, which of itself stamped upen the law
of 1833 the character of a "compromise" between
the conflicting claims of the high tariff men and
those who opposed that iniquitous system I op-
pose them because when they shall come into full
operation after the 2d June, 1842, they will run up
the maximum of 20 per cent, duties on imports,
as nominally settled by that act to 50 or 60 per
cent, ad valorem I mink the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Vanderpoel] proved that these t^vo
conservative principles which my colleague would
support and maintain, would have precisely that
effect, to wit. that this 20 per cent, duty, whenle-
vied, as it must be if this compromise is maintained,
after the 2d Jpaie, 1842, "m ready money," and
that too upon "goods, wares, and merchandise,"
valued "at the port «here the same shall be
entered," will be increased to a comfortable tax
of 50 or 60 per cent, ad valorem, without hmita-
non as to time. For although the act provides for a
/reduction of duties "in the contingency, either of
of excess or deficiency of revmus," the expendi-
tures, if we may judge of the future by the "K&eraJ
estimates" of the present, will always be made to
keepjpace with any "excess" of revenue that may
accrue.
Let me illustrate these conseroaittie principles
which my colleague would maintain, and by the
tt5e of a few facts and figures show the effect they
will haveon the consumers of imports, who with us,
for the most part, are the producers of exports, and
who, at last, it is conceded, must pay this insidi-
ous tax. The committee will remember that the
imports of 1840 were much lower than those of
any other year since 1832, when they amounted
to only $ 101,029,266 In 1836, they reached to
|189,980,035. But take the imports of 1840-^
1104,805,981—a tariff of 50 per cent, on that
amount would produce a revenue of $52,402,990 !
Is my colleague willing te sustain a "compromise"
that m all probability will produce such a revenue?
Let us suppose, however, that the cash duties and
home valuation willnot increase this compromise 20
per cent, to more than 25 pel cent, even that tariff of
duties on the unusually small importation of 1840,
will yield to the Government $26,201,495—this
added to f 4 000 000 from the sales of the public
lands will give you $30,801,495 per annum. Is
any South, rn man prepared to support a "compro-
mise" that will ihrow this amount annually into the
Treasury? (to say fay nothing of the revenue that
would accrue from a tax of 50 per cent, instead ot
25 per cent upon an average importation of one
hundred and forty millicns?) This estimate is
made upon as reduced a scale as any gentleman
could require; and even at that rate we should
have, m a short time, another surplus revenue to
scramble for, besides the burden it would im-
pose upon the people. The public expendi-
tures have, fer the last few years, exceeded
the usual expenses of the Government m
consequence of the extraordinary character of the
exigencies which demanded them, but from causes
now in operation, as has already been shown, we
have a reasonable expectation that they will con-
tinue to recede in amount, especially if the retrench-
ment advised by Mr. Van Buren in his last mes-
sage, and heretofore promised by the Whigs, be ho-
nestly and efficiently carried out by Congress. The
expenditures for 1841, for ordinary purposes, are
estimated at $19,250,000, with economy we may
hope to find them in a few years down to f 15,000,-
000, and yet, with ihis prospect m view, my col-
league will support and maintain a compromise
which, at the lowest and most reasonable calcula-
tion, must yie d, in conjunction with the sales of the
public domain, at least $30,201,475 per annum.
Against supporting such a compromise, I, as a re-
presentative, and as one of the people of Georgia,
do most solemnly protest.
The committee are aware that (he gentleman
from New York has given notice, that if the enact-
ing clause of this bill is stricken out, he will move
the imposition of a tax on silks andwiniS, and other
luxuries, this, with the other proposition to tax
lmen fabrics and puis, leaves no doubt on my mmd
of the settled determination of the great majority
of the Whig party, m this House, to fix upon the
next Administration the policy of a high protective
tariff. To the tax on French silks and wmes,
which above all others would be most mischievous
to the cotton and tobacco growing States, my col-
league gives his hearty assent. Let us see if that
assent comports with his declaiation that he was
opposed to a tariff for protection, and advocated
duties only for revenue.
What is the fact, with regard to the consumption
