Feb. 184 i.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
26th Co\o.....2nd Sfss,.
SPEECH OF Mil. BLACK,
OF GEORGIA
In the Howe of Meprtsenl&hves, February 9, 1841—
In Committee of ths Whole (in reply to Mr
Gidmngs of Ohio,) on the Pension bill, and the
amendment thereto appropna'mg |100,00O for
removal of the Indians from Florida.
Mr. BLACK addressed the Committee as fal-
lows:
Mr. Chairman: I haJ hoped to be permitted to
devote myself peaceably and quietly to the per-
formance of my ofhcial duties during ihe short pe-
riod of time that lemains of my public service I
did not expect, when I concluded my speech a few
days since on the Trta-sury Note bill, to be called
up so soon to defend my c nslituen's against a most
wanton and ou'rageou^ attack. I did not dream
there was a man on tjis fijor who would dare
to advance, in ihe face of an American Cingiess,
and in ihe presence of my colleagues, charges so
false and calumnious as those which were delibe-
rately uttered in Ihia House, yesterday, against the
piople of Georgia, by th- member fro-n Ohio,
For three long hours did that memDer [Mr.
Gwdings] impose him«elf upon your unwilling
ear m the delivery of a violent, inflammato-
ry, Abolition speech, in which he distinctly
charged the infamous cr.me of megro stealing upon
the people whom Í represent. Abolition, anti-
slavery, hum?n rights, the oppressed African, Flo-
rida blood hounds, and all the miserable cant which
make  up the sum total of a modern philanlhrop st,
were the chief theme and burden of his song
Upon a bill providing a «canty subsistence for the
feeble and suffering remnant of our Revolutionary
soldiers, this crafty and daring Abolittomsr, in de-
fiance of the 21st rule of the House, and of all
parliamentary order, has managed to ingraft an
open and vio'ent attack upon the institutions of
the Souih What availed it, ¡Mr Chairman, when
I stopped him and told him that his assertions were
palpable falsehoods! Why, sir, it passed him as the
idle wind, and although my colleague [Mr. Haber-
sham,] my friend fiom South Carolina, [Colonel
Campbell,] and myself, repeatedly called him to
order, he was as repeatedly pronounced to be in
ordsr by the Chiir. 1 do not make this allusion to
question the decision of the Chair, tor "o long as he
refrained from actually presenting an Abolition pe-
tition, he certainly did not violate the letter of the
rule, which prohibits their reception, and as for
"relevancy of debate," that has long since been
banished trom this hall. I only desire to remind
you and the committee that Southern gentlemen
had no agency m pushing this exciting topic into
the House. So far from it, we did every thing in
our power, short of violence and indecorum, to ar-
rest the mcendiaiy harangue, wh ch we forusiw
must end in excitement and reply.
Sir, said Mr. Black, we committed an egregious
error in the outlet, by permitting the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs to propose
an amendment to a pension bill, by tacking to it a
measure which, iu my opinion, is nothing less than
an acknowledgment of our inability to whip the
Indians out of Flonla I will vote for no$ 100 000
to buy up cur peace from lh  Seminole wamers. I
am willing aid anxious to do every th ng which
comports with the honor and d gnity of this Govern-
ment, for the relief of the suff-ring } eople of that
doomed Territory. If thr- money is wanted to re-
double your forces—if I could be assured it would
be expended in exterminating these savage bell
hounds from that ill-fa*ed land, and in offerm"
them up as a aacrafice to appease the blood which
cries aloud from every hearth stone m Florida, I
would freely and joyfully give it. But I would
sooner see tiie whole Territory abandoned by its in-
habitants, and sunk in the Atlantic ocean, than vote
one dollar to propiliate those whom we ought to
conquer.
Whatever, sir, we may think of this proposition,
we committed an error by receiving it, m the first
place, which you cannot now retrieve without d>
ing injustice to those whose ngbte have been assail-
Pension Bill—Mr. Black.
ed, and to it we are nrleb el for this insulting ard
wanton attack Under cover of this irrelative
| amend-netit, the A boh onist has w.tli?ed abroad
wi'h a blazing torch m hi-, hand, reidy to light up
the path oí ' human, rights" by the conflagration of
our peaceful dwelling-. I have no idja that the
gentleman irom South Carotina anticipated such a
result, from that suspicion I whclly discharge him.
What human intelligence could have foreseen that
an Abolition speech could be made upon a ptopo-
sm< n to vote money to remove the Indians? And
5 et it has been done. The member from Ohi i has
manage J, in defiance of the feelings of the Chair
and the Hoiue, to go on h s way reducing in his
love for the negro, and his ha ted lor the white
mat. He was not content with inuendoes and
vague declamation about the lights ot the enslaved
African—he pointed directly at the people of Flo-
rida and G orgia—he particularized transaction5,
and alluded to citizens of Georgiaas actor  in them;
and then, m close connec ion with those allusions,
he descanted upon the crime of "ne ro stealing" in
such a way as to leave no doubt ot the application
he would make of his slanderous charge. Sir, I
understood him, every maan this Hou=-e under-
stood him. It was too plain to be concealed—nay,
he took no pams to conceal n—tha' his speech,
which he says was prepared long since, was intended
as a regular, systematic attack upon slavery and
the slaveholder, and all this te built up en
his postulate that "negro stealing" was the prime
cause of the Florida war. I cannot sit
still under such a «peecb; I cannot permit any man
even to allude, with impunity, to my con«tituents,
or any pottion of them, as men who would act in
derogation &f the high principles of honor, morality,
or religion After the display we have had, I
should be fai hle^s to ihe trust reposed m my hands,
if I failed to hurl back upin ihe slanderer the
ca'umny he «ould fasten on the people of Georgia.
Lei other gentlemen pursue whatcoar'e they please,
I intend to reply to this attack in my own way. I
will no longer stand upon my dignity, as we have
been too much in the habit of doing when Abolition
was the theme I will no longer treat our assailants
with silence and contempt. Whatever may be my
opinion of the man, as an individual, I am con-
strained to notice him here, because he represents, a
population of lorty thousand rou's; that gives him
importance, and if, as we are bound to admit until
the contrary be shown, he truly represents his
constituents on this subject, it is time that he should
not only be noticed, but promptly repel'ed. Let
him not mist ike me: I do not mean to argue the
abstract question of rlavery with him, nor will I
discuss the question of Southern slavery m any of
Us aspects. Upon that subject I have been in-
structed by my constituents, particu'arly by the in-
telligent and patriotic men of my own county
Th°y have told me that their slaves were their own,
that on this subject I shall hold no argument with
Abolitionists, and that if one of these fanatics
should dire to present himself within the limits of
their county, (Striven,) they are pledged to bring
h m to a speedy and condign punishment And,
sir, they are men who have never yet failed to re-
deem the'r pltdges, at whatever peni Yes, sir, if
t>at member will go to the county where I reside,
or to any other county in the S ate of Georgia, and
dare to utter but half of what he sail here yester-
day, he would most certainly be subjected to the
infliction of Lynch law, and he mignt be happy if
he escape! at that.
[Mr Gidd!\tgs was understood to say that he
hopod never to be found among such people ]
Yes, sir, I admit that discretion in such a case
would be more safe than ?eal or valor; for I assure
the member if he ever comes among us, and dares to
utter such sentiments as he delivered on this floor,
we would give him an elevation of which he little
dreams Now let him put that down m his book,
an 1 tell it at his "indignation meetings" when he
goes home
When we decline lo argue the question of
"Southern «istceii)" on this fiVr, it is not because
we are afraid of the discussion. We feel and
know that «e aie fortified on ihat subject not only
by the practice and example of the world, but by
the precepts of D'viae law.   But will a man stop
____________________      H of Reps.
io argue with an incendiary who is about to stick*
a lignted torch to his dwelling'! Will you wasie
words in. a oissertation on justice and honesty when
the thief h-s his hand m your pocket? Beside?, we
are tired of all thisiaffc, it is sickening and disgust-,'
ing to those whom it does not inflame. I say tc-
this member, whose fellow-feeling makes him 'so
wondrous kwd to the negro—Cease your petitioning
for the abolition of slavery and the slave trade,
against the admission of Florida, and the annexa-
tion of Texas. Waue no more words, and if you
really think you can effect jour darling purpose of
lobbing us of our property, come and try it. We
do not seek it, but we ere ready for the conflict.
We will not meet you then with "paper bullets of
the bra n," but we will give you a reception that
shall touch your feelings, and in that way we will
convince your judgment much more effectually
than any argument we could address to yottr intel-
ligence here
Bjt, Mr. chairman, whue I will not argue the
"abstract question," I will meet the member on bu
own ground. I will no longer content myself with
a mere defence, I will carry the war into Africa,
and charge our invaders in their own camp. Yes,
sir, I wilt show from extracts, which I shall pre-
sently read from a pamphlet written by the Aboli-
tionist, Jay, that these tender hearted, canting phi-
lanthropist-,who come here and whine so piteeusly
over the "down trodden slave," are the veriest hy-
pocrites on the face of the earth—that the claims
and professions which they are eternally ringing in
our ears in behalf of the neero, on this floor and m
then newspapers, areas far different from their own
pract ces at home as the poles are asunder. 1 will
show that they say one thing and do another. I
w,ll show that while they cla.m of us to liberate
our slaves and give them all the rights, privileges
and liberties of freemen, instead of practising their
precepts at home themselves, they actually deny to
their negroes, whom they have nominally freed, all
the "human rights" about which they talk so feel-
ingly to us. And this I will prove irom their own
record.
I have nothing to say to those gentlemen on this
floor and elsewhere, who let us and ours alone—
who do not disturb the peace of the country by
agitating the subject of abolition—and who keep
their opinions to themselves, and recognise our
constitutional right to our slaves. They are guil-
ty of no false professions,iat least so far as we are
concerned, nor do they make any extravagant
claims on u* They have nc thing to do with sla-
very here, nor do they meddle with it in the South,
nor do they insult Southern gentleman by abas-
ing and vilifying their constituents as kid-
nappeis, and dea'ers in human flesh and
blood. With (heir professions and practice I
have nothing to do. I will not even utter
an opinion as to the propriety or impropriety
of their treatment ot the negroes resident among
them. That is their own matter, so long as they
do not interfere with our practices and domestic in-
stitutions It is only to those who would override
the Constitu'ion of the country, who would invade
our rights of property, and who would compel us
to elevate our slaves to the condition and pri-
vilege;, of freemen, that I read these extract , to
prove the inconsistency between their profes-
sions, their claims on us, and their practices at
home Let me not be told that the anti-Mohtioniats
at the North have ihe power, and are answerable for
ihis treatment of the negroes among them. I hold
them to no arswer: that portion of our Northern
brethren have not exposed themselves to be ques-
tioned on the subject; they have not laid themselves
liable to be charged by me with imconsistenct—
because they repudiate, publicly and privately, all
interference with the concerns of the South in this
regard, bes des, it is not the fact that the anti-Abo-
litionists con'rol public opinion and the "customs
of society" in all the towns and districts of the
North and East. And as for the power of majori-
ties, I ask, where is the power of the vast majori-
ties that returned, not only the member from Ohio,
[Mr Giddings,] but his fellow laborer from Ver-
mont, [Mr Slade,] and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. James,] and the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and many other ha,*
