168_______________________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                     Jan. 184L
26th Cong'--1st Sess.                                                Pre-emption Law—Mr. Linn.                                                                                Senate.
Fifty three steamships of war, ana some ef them
of the largest class, and it is in her power to bung
one hundred on our coast, as she cao, in a very
short denod of time, convert all her steam packets
into ships of war, they being built under that stipu-
lation with the Government. And what man,
knowing the state of our relations with that power,
and the excited state of feeling along the bordéis
of Maine, and the whole Northern frou'ier, would
da)§e assert, in his place here, that there was not
momentary danger o£ collision with Great Britain
No member of this body could have the hardihood
to deny that, if the soldieiy of Englan i were to
shoot down half a dozen oí the citizens of Maine,
war would not be inevitable. It would be as cer-
tain as that the Almighty rules the heavens and thj
earth. No man cau permit himself to deny it,
however much he may depreca'e jt, or close h s
eyes to the conviction; and such a war as it will be,
never to end till we are subdued, or they expelled
from this continent Yet, sir, with these dangers
staring us fuli m the face, we are quarrelling about
giving away the treasure of these United Sta'es '
Look at the red fiery wall which this Govern-
ment has built up of fierce Indian warriors along
your defenceless Western frontier. Turn your
eyes to the Gulf of Mexico; thencs to the island of
Jamaica over which hangs a dense black cloud ot
danger, which, in due time, will roll itself along
our Southern coasts and from its murky folds scat-
ter pestilence and death' to the mouth of that no-
ble river, the Mississippi, which floats on its bo«om
to the ocean, the rich productions of the magnifi-
cent valley of the West. Considei the Mate oí your
navy. Thirty millions of dollar^ would scarcely
be sufficient to pat it m a condition to defend our
coasts, or twenty mi lions to place it on a respecta-
ble footing. Examine for a moment the state of
your defences along the lme of the Alhmic from
Maine to the Mississippi and Sabine avers, and
say it they do not demand prompt attention and
care, and yelwe are now called upon lo dishihute
five mtkim annually among ihe Stales of lit Union '
The Constitution ot our common country calls
upon as to provide ior the common defence and
general   welfare,  this was one oí the principal
arguments urged «favor it  adoption  to piotect
our intere-sts abroad; and to defend  ihr country
agamst foreign aggression.   Now is the accepted
time to fulfil these great and   paramount obliga-
tions.     We   cannot   evade,  we   dare  not post-
pone,  without being faithless to the  noble   trast
reposed in us by our constituents, we h ive had one
distribution, and that is ¡>ufhcient foi me     No, sir,
I mistake; it was hones ly intended, as far as my
action was concerned, to be a deposito ot our mo-
ney with the States for safekeeping, rath< r than per-
mit banks to speculate on it, and flood the country
with iheir paper.   But it <e-ms I «as b h'nd the
age, and it was, and is,  considered as a debt we
owed, trie last instalment of  v'uoh is to bs paid by
the passage of a bill (tí it do s pass) now upon our
tables.   Make ihis other distribution, a> d do you
suppose that it will stop at thit po n ?   J>i tV por
tiort of the revenue so, and y>u w t'l he c lie i upon
to y\ei$anoilm-, and yet another, until  •    s¡la]| De
left p >werless and helpless, and wh i, ,> ^ a nation,
we are insulted and trampled on, ar '   our rights
violated, it w.il be too late lo call  al i id   upon the
j.'0|.ie to provide for the juUig dtf nee.   A>vful
then will be tlmr vengeance upon their unfaithfiit
servant.
I repeat it again, now is the accepted time lo do
our duty in providing for the common defence and
general welfare. If I know the feelings that ani-
mate my bosom, so help me Heaven, ii such a
proposition came from ike side of the Senate with
wn cli I usually act m politics, my American feel-
ing is so strong, that I would throw to the winds, all
minor and party considerations, and vete, without a
moments hesitation, against it.
Read over carefully all the messages of your
Presidents, from the fir*t to the last. They all
breathe the same spirit, the sime language, m effect,
Viz. in peace, prepare foi war. Eiamne well iht 
repor s fiom the War Department, pond"r over
the following sentiments from the Secretary at War
to the Senate, in 1836-
"But it isupun our mantine fiontiei that we are most ex
pnsp I O ii coist foi thicc thousand mile-. 11 washed by the
Oeetn, which bepaiatea us Irom those nations who hive made
the highest advanccsm al the ails, and puticolailv thosewhich
minister to the operations ot wai, and with whom, lioin otu in
teioauise and political lelations, we aie most liable to be drawn
into collision li thN great medium of communication, the
elemental the bame lime of separation and union mterp ses pe
cull 11 obstacles to the ptogicss oí hostile di monstlations,
italso offers tdvantajres which aie no le^s obvious audwhich,
to be successfully resiste I, lequne coriespundmganangemenls
and exeituns fhes advantages depeuu on the economy and
ftcillty of ti iitspoitauon,on tlieiclenry 01 move nent, ard on
the power of an enemy to t'uc tío 1 tne whi'cshoie, spieadout
betoie him, indio sekct his point of attack it pleasitie A
p twclful hostile fleetupon the c test ol the [ímlcd State pie
semssonieol thefeaturisof war, where a heavy mass is hi tight
ti act against detachments, which nay be cut up in
detail, although then combnet iorces would t\cecd
the assatlm" toe Our points oi pxpnsurp ireso numciou
and disiaut, tint it would be m pianable to keep, at
each of them a. fotcc competent to resist the attack of an ei e
niy, pipparcd hy his naval ih endency and his other a.iangc
mt ot to inaki a sudden and vhoious inroad upon our shoies
It bicornes us, theiefoie to inquuc how the consequences ol
tins tuo of things   trei i! e test met mdavciiel
"Ihetirst and most o1 viou , md m evt iy point of view the
inostpiopei niciliml of dt ft me, is tn aurrnieniation oi oui na
vil foue tu in extent ¡11 opoi tinned 10 the it sconces andnecessi
tie of the in ion I do not 111 an the actual construction and
equipment of vessels only Ihenumhei of those in service
hum depend on the state r.[ the toiuiiiyatagivtn penod But
1 mean (¡u collecuoo ol allbueh mttemls is may be ptPservtd
without uqiny, tnd a doe encoui 0emeut ot ih sp br niches oí
mtciesi to thegiiHihot a navv, tnd which maybe piopetly
nuriuiid bv the (.ovtirmeni, so that on the at pi o tell of tun
goi 1 tt otmayiut to set, wuhout deity, sulh icntly powei
ful to meet any luice. which will piobably be suit to our
coast "
' Olltl CltTAr UAfTIF UPDNlHEOeCAMSVLl   TO   IIBI-lUtHC
and we sh ill, tin nothing hy shutting 0111 evts 10 the nature ol
tilt simple, m lo the 1 xtldoljs wt shall find Itncccssaly to
make All 0111 msiiitnions ait cssenu illy \ icinc andevciy
citi/i 11 It els ih it his shaicol tht com non intere t is ¡fleeted by
tliedt 1 ingi metit ot busiiit byihe enormous expense ind by
the unceitim lisulls ol w tr rii s leeling jtesst^ upon (ht
comr amity an 1 llie (.ivcinmcnt, t nd is 1 muc gun lime í]¡ it
Wt shaN net el be |uecipluttd into t to nest tun dial ki 1 one,
unless impcuously r q nred t> liio^e etiisihi iims which
hate nodiloimne lieiweeniesi t mi t mddi ¡1 in >r Accoul
ly,all out histuiy shnvs that we aiemne <li pt-to 1 to beai,
wln'o evils lie to bt hoi 11 than to sctkitth ^shyappid^ii
nms siiii howevel a c 11 test must cone, an! it behootes
u , wh u we have the means md oppoiliouty, to look forwaid
tolls dliendanl encumst nces, and to prepue 01 theconse-
qences
"Thi'ioiiao little need of lnqimy now into 0111 moral as into
our physical capacity to niainiaut a navv, and 0 meet upon
equal terms the ships and seamen ol olher nations Our ex
Itnded commerce, treating tnd cicatee! by Ih «>•■ icsuurces
tvliit h aie (=s«Hnl to the building and eq up new of fleets, re
n vt ill doubt iq on one p imt, toil the history 01 uu tuval
enietpll e, liotn ti t 111 mi nt when the coiois wtt fnsthcisied
ii| on 1 le h st ly piepned vt ~els at the tonin encemen of 0111
Kevolutiooa v stiu -,1c lo t[i I tsi c nitest 111 whlth 1 v of our
sliqn weie Pillaged Is equallv sa i^t ic oty tipor tí e othei
Iheaehieveio-n sol oar 11 ivy hive stamnedn-, chai uhrwith
the c ninny m 1 tl e woild lm simple recital t f in,exploits is
the highest euiugium i\h ch c tu bepicnounctd uji Jti n  '
Look at the recent rr>es pge <1  the Governor of
tlip S at« ol Ma ne,    líe s y :
'lhet uipspinlencewhnhha i«cently betn co mum icaled
toynt !iy 1 ty j redcecs ot, discloses anothei movement f 11 ihe
paitotthe linuoh aulhuntits, well cali ulaled to auest atttn
1100 tn 1 call fouh !mhena it lemoustitnce t n ii e paif ol Man e
ml the I'rnon It Í a 1 cirrecrly it forme I, in % veiy short
lime aft 1 tht conclusion > thea^ieemeni, uy wh di it wa6 in
eff t «upj ate Uhx th Bn is 1 luthotllies shoul 11 ot attempt
toltkemlia y ptiNsp-siri, of whatl teimedhy them 'the lis
puted drill nv diinn the iiMtmt ol lliat tmrttment 1 de
latiimetit of ht 1 Maicst/ s tioors w is t ttioned al 1 imiseouata
nka within ihatt 1 itmv, an 1 ht.s been contin led tl ere evei
oluce An ( we are now mioimed that another detachme, 1 has
been move 1 to and stationed at me Madawaskt settlement fn
tte purpose 01 subiaimng ilia jarisdiuion ami suppomn. the
PSeiciSeof autllonty on the fait of the ISiitish magwrete*
Ihiomovemem has been made by the Governor fieneral of the
Dutish Provinces, without any puor notification or correaron
dence, seeking mfoimation 01 explanation from tbeauihoruies
of this State or the United Sutes, and assuming as the giound
of action, the reportof acts and threats 01 individuals without
inquiring whether those assumed lacts, 11 in anyparttlue were
111 putsuance of ordeis, or justified by the Government ol
Maine I cannot hut view this pioceeding, aa my predecessor
does, in hi¿ íeply to Su John Ilaivey, as 'a dnect and palpable
1 ilringement ol the subsisting arrangements,* and as takui"
null ary possession of that poition ol (he contested terrnoiy"
And it the suggestion of i íeutenant Governoi Harvey, who
seerns not to have been consu'led in íelation to tint, new act of
jurisdiction and who evidently regards it with regret, if not as
an mliingement of subsisting arrangements, is disregaidcd, and
the Briii¡.h troops a e peimanently located at Madawaska, I
shall ¡eel it my duty to reiterate tne 1 equest aheady made to the
General Government, and to mge upon thatGoveinment the
justice ami expediency 01 lakmg mili'ary pooscosi in on the part
of the United istates, of the ttmioiy tu dispute Thr General
Government owe<> lila Mainr lo -mol e foi ward in thismallei
uilh pi omptneit, and einqy, wi h a smctie, and even anx-
ious, de lie to pip erve peace Ii twilli an equally firm deter
riiina ion to mainlam subsisting engagements on ow j?art,
and to insist upon a J nil per foi manee fiom the olher party
But I wilt not puinit mysel' to doubt, that piudent and wise
councils will pirvai!, and th u the piomisetl teimmationof pend
log neso'iat'ons Will not be rr (aided or prevented by hasty and
ui justifiable movements, in lejation to mili'ary occupation,
dming the progiess of the surveys and negotiations, intended
ot a final deteluunatlon of the long vexed question
11wouldagain call attention loom deft neelcss seaboard
andfiontiei I need not enlarge upon the topic for the
naked facts are the sll ongest arguments on the sub/ect As
g uurdiana of Maine, i/toyniii 11 «lit and duty to set forth our
situation and Ohr claims upon the Goi eminent, that alone
has the pewer to place us in a pi oper state of defence agamst
foi t'gn enemies, and 1 have no doubt you will dischai ge ijow
duty o
Turn youi eyes to the sta'e of jour defences on
the great lakes and their borders Oa the'e internal
seas you have neither steam nor any other vessels
ol wsr, whilst Great Br'tam has both, and, by the
Welianl canal, can eoncen rate any number of
sloops and small craf, so as to command any
and all fie lakes, and strike at any point she
pleases.
Whilst we have but one ot uvo national steam
vessels of war, Great Butam cau command one
hundred, by he conversion of her steam packets
into vessels of war; and, sir, but little is risked,
when I assert it as very possible for six steamships
of the first class to force their way into the harbor
of New York, our great commercial metropolis,
bombard and demolish it, or lay it under contribu-
tion, in lesi, than tort}-eight houis from the time of
the at lack. Look at the state of your defences on
Staten Island Why, s>i, it will lake five millions
tf dollars to fort fy pro¡ eny the ci y of New York;
and yet we ate ca led upon to give away five nvl-
hiis annually of ihe peopU'i, money, entrusted to
us foi these objects, and 101 their use, to the States,
which have surrendered to us the power and duty
of proieciing then agamst foreign assaults.
The eloquent Sena or [Mr Clay] has told us
that this was the ag-- of peace, that there was no
danger of war, that war was beginning to be con-
sidered disgraceful. I quote hi* sentiments, not
exactly his words. I am aware, sir, of the progress
of Christian and Democratic principles over the
world, and that they will ultimately iu'c, it is my
serious belie/. B it ajes and aj.ea must io!l on be-
fore that happy and bh>sful per od will arrive
Come it w 11, in the fulness of time But to prove
that this happy period has not yet arrived, see the
English nation throwing its mighty power upon the
far distant sh iret, of Chtna, and carrying deduction
and death along her bcrdtrs, because ^he will not
permit her peopis to be poisone' by English
opium.
Have ice no just ctu e of d íhc u¡ íes with her?
Arc they no aicunvi'ai.r . f r,>m t,me to time, and
from the shoros 0f ihe Ai annc to tb ■ Panno ocean?
Are not the cau es ,or war more grate and serious
between us iban b-twee.i Englaid and Chma? And
wnat sccunly have te that she wi 1 not be down
upon us for some real or fancied wrong?   Her con*
