Feb. 1841.                               APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
enough to do to repel the attack of the picket
guard, commanded by the gentleman from Ohio.
I may sink under it when sustained and prosecuted
by the distinguished gent'eman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams ] I have thought tor some tiaie that
he, with other , had a fixed, preconceived purpote
to press then views and plans here See 'he gen-
tleman from Ohio, with his spfech before him,
written out letter and word beforehand, ready for
any and all occasions See t„e impulse now given
to this committee. Remember the declarations
and threats of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr Adams,] made during the present session
Sir, when gendemen have wished to turn the force
and effect of what the venerable member has said,
they insinuated that he is deranged. If he is de-
ranged, I feel curious to behold a sane man If he
is deranged, it is the dei augment of a masterly
intellect, tutored by long experience, foitified by
va"-t knowledge, unimpaired b/ age, and stimu-
lated by physical qualities peculiar to that gentle-
man. It is the derangement of a mind which evi-
dently has a giant strength, and the quickness of
lightning. He tells } ou this subject shall and must
be discussed in this Hall The evidences that he
is right, ar« daily multiplying.
Mr. Chairman, whilst the crime ef negro steal-
ing is acknowledged by the member from Ohio, for
the purpose of fixing th3 guilt of a savage warfare
on the peop'e of my State, and th it of kidnapping
is charged by him Gf Maine against a citizen of
Georgia, who take* his own negro, no charge
whatever, as ihey thiik, rests on a m?n of Ohio or
Mame who shall entic- orla'te away the property
of my constituents, or of the people of Kentucky.
I know the fact, sir, that a negro belonging to a
citizen of Georgia was enticed and carried away by
certain people in Ohio, and that not for the benevo-
lent purpose of freeing the slave, but tor ihe very
virluim intent of pocketing the ii waid offered ioi
her apprehension Foi no socnei than a sumci nt
reward was offered, they caused her to be delivered
safely over ©n the Kentucky side, for which act,
all the pai'ies concerned, including the agent of the
owner of the slave, were presented by a grand jury
for kidnapping.
[Here Mr. Cojpmi was called to order by the
Cnair ]
He said he had no purposp to discuss these to-
p c>, bui believed it to be nj,ht and proper m reply
lo what had been said, to show ho* this sunject
was differently viewed urdei diferng circum-
stances. I have (said Mr. C ) no noies ot my
own, save those taken of whit the gentleman fiom
Ohio said, and I am strictly puistung his remark .
[Mr Black of Georgia appealed from the deci-
sion of the Chair. Tht committee overruled the
decision, and Mr. Co^pub was permitted lo pro-
ceed ]
I have said, sir, a 11 designed to siy of nesro
stealing in Ohio and in Maine. As I before re-
marked, I will not discuss any point involved in
the subject. I shall be content to bring in review
before ihis committee the views of gentlemen pro-
claimed here, m all their alarming import.
The member from Ohio magnifies the evils of
the Florida war, as he conceives them, and express-
ly cimges thit "slavery was the cause oí it " [Here
Mr. Cooper paused, loosing Mr. Giddings in the
face, Mr Gidwjg  remirted, "the gentleman is
rgtt "J I know I am right, sir. And ihe gent'e-
man arrives at his conclusion in this way the
Georgians stole the Indian negroes, f< r which rea-
sm, the Indians ¡ought. Without slavery, there
would havs been no negto stealing; therefore,
slavery caused tne war.
This, sir, reminds me of a certain mode of rea-
soning wh ch I read about at school, by which, tt
may be proved, and wuh about as much propriety,
in tie conclusion, that a certain animal, going on
two legs, havn g me «tature and appearance of the
gen lemán trom O no, is a goose
Slavery had about as much to do with the F.ori-
da war, as had a certain breed of cattle m the low-
lands, in causing tnat nara-s ng b irder warfare
kept up between the Highlander and Lowlamiers of
Scotland About as much to do as the taking of
game and fish, or peltry, had m produc ng the war
with Tecumseh and Black Hawk, or about as
Pensión Rill—Mr. Cooper.
much as the stealing of ponies had in producm
the Indian wars in Ohio, or that which resulted in
the battle of Tippecanoe.
It the gentlemen's reasoning be just, there ought
never to have been any Indian war north of Ma-
son and Dixon's Line, west of the Oaio. How
stands the fad? It confu'es and confounds (he gen-
tleman. No, sir, it is not true, and the effori to
make it appear, on an occasion like th  present,
demonstrates tus great anxiety to get up an 'VJntj-
Slaveiy Indignation meeting" m 'his Hall He and
his associates expect the benefits of it, and, so far
as mischief is threatened to my peopie, he and they
shad bear the responsibility.
Whilst he knows it to be contrary to rule to dis-
cuss slavery here, he has formally anl at great
length dwelt on the evils of it, notwithstanding be
has been called to order by three of my colleagues,
[Messrs. Black, Habersham, and Warren.] The
first evil alledged by him was a sivage, unjust, and
iniquitous w?r waged, as he says, against innocent
unoffending red men of the forest.
The second, and, as he thinks, the greatest, is
that his constituents have to pay for it, and not only
so, but have been required to pay for negroes cap-
tured in it, thereby acquiring the relation of masters
lo those slaves.
Thirdly, slavery, he says, has prevented the Semi-
nóles frum emigrating.
To make good thee serious cotnpla nts, he ad-
duc*s the leport of Gen. Wiley Thompson, aid of
Gov Daval, the orders of Gen Jesup, the memorial
of John Walker; and that of an Aptlachicola
chief. These documt nts may serve his purpose of
getting up ' indignation" meetings amongst his c >n-
stituents They are insufficient for any other.
By one of tlem, he would also implicate two gentle-
men of character personally known to me, the one
res ding in my own town, and the other res ding in
Irwinton, Alabama, and distinguished for his gal-
lantry in tne late Creek war. On sach evidence,
mtioduced at this time by the member from 0 uo,
for such purposes as he has. m view, I would not
feel it just to these gentlemen even to join 's'.ue.
If they wereheie to hear the imputations, or if thty
were made elsewhere by the gentleman, [Mr. Gid-
dings,] I wojld not promise to save his person
hirmless. S r, it is ot a piece with the slander he
so I reel}' dealt out in legard to the peop'e ot Georgia.
Another evil of lavery he «tates i ' Tnat it pro-
duced that clause of the tieaty ot the Indian
Spring-, whicn reqivred the Indians to pay fot
runawav negroes har joredana held by them, from
1802 to 1821, c'auned by the people oí Georgia "
This tr«aty, he says, caused ihe Florida war,
and to prove it, read> from General Wiley Tnomp
son's report as follows:
The Cieek otaim to negioes now in possession of the Semi
nrle Iridiar5" which is suppjsel to oe the fit si cause of h vti ¡(y
fo pmi "ration of the latter tribe grows out ol lire treaty ot 1 2i
between the United totates and tne ioimer '
That treaty, it se ms, was the foundation 01 the
Indian ti'le to the Georgia negroes, thwefore that
treaty caused the Florida war—and hence Georgians
produced the war
Tins, also, is another specimen of the eentle-
man s    rea oning   by   syllogism       It    measures
again his sense of ju^iice, '*eeause, from the fact
that   those Georgia  claims were consequent  upon
the loss of that property, he would have refused lo
ratify it, or when rat fled, would object  to its exe-
cution,   andmra«eof wir, resulting from its pro-
visions,   (us he alleges,^ he   would justify the Ind,-
ans, an I lefu^e supplies to his Government to o o-
«e"u'e it     For  he says  that treaty required  250,
000, part and ppreel of  the purchase rroney   pad  |
by this Governmlnt to extinguish  the Indian  tule  I
io the .ards west of the Ocmu'gee, to be app'ied to
those G o-gia claims    This is true.    And  it was  I
so agreed by the  Government and  th<* Indians   |
The gentleman has no ground of comp amt, and I  i
presume will cease to complain when he  reflects '
that sur h apshcation of the money eiid cot incieuse  I
the burdens of /¡is people on  dollar                           '
But he si}"*, "the people of Georgia extorted th s I
sum from the Indians   This position is taken by
Die gen 'erran, no doubt, on the ground that he
denies ihe right of property m negroes. Otherwise,
he must know that he asserts what is not trae, but
what is palpably false.
irt
H. of Reps.
A balance of this sum—say $149,000—being un-
expended, he says Georgia memorialized Congress
to have it paid to claims of a similar kind, and
that Congress, by a repor. of Mr. Gilmer, was di-
rected to apply it to the payment of negroes never
born, but which would have been born if their pi-
rents had lived.
[Here Mr Gidmngs explained, and said he was
misunderstood: he referred only to the increase.]
Mr C resumed. Tnat may have been his mean-
ing, Mr. Chairman, and I am willing to be correct-
ed. That ¡report of Mr. Gilmer is ba«ed on im-
mutable principles of justice tt is able and unan-
swerab'e, and can only be withstood by those who,
like the gentleman, think no maa ought to be paid
for a negro that is s'olen from his roaster.
But it is monstrous, he siys, that Geneial Jesup
should offer to give the Indian property to the cap-
tors—stnl worse, he think , that, when captured,
the General should declaie them to be the property
of the United States. These are atrocities not to
be atoned for, he would have you believe—not even
surpassed by another great evil, to wit, a threat of
the General to hang the runaway negroes, who
were engaged in the war.
All this, sir, is intended, no doubt, for an "in-
dignation meeting" amongst the gentleman's con-
s'ituents, to excite them pgamst slavery and South-
ern slaveholder ; and for the same purpose he
speaks of the bloodhounds. He, sir, knows very
little of Indian fighting, and would no doubt much
rather attend a dozen such meetings, at the hazard
of destroying this Union, than go into one fightof the
kind. Avery little knowledge or experience would
teach <nd instruct his tender conscience that tae best
move }et made there was that by Harney, when
he hung the Indians and left them hanging. And
so far from a'iachmg blame to Gen. Jesup lor such
orders, or the Government for sanctioning them, he
«ouldatonce conclude that the most reasonable
comp aint would be that those who managed the
war did not make it a war of extermination from
the beginning. In the end that policy would have
proved a saving of much human life, and millions
ot money.
But to get out of the difficulty, the Government
caused the t e ioes to be sold lo Gen. Watson.
Here, sir, is a braneh ot the subject which is on 
reason tnat indued nt t ¡ take the floor—Watson's
claims to these negrots. Id.sue it may be well
und> rstood, and t iat it may not b^ prejudiced. It
is true that he boegbt th o<" negroes by and with
theadvicean iGonseritotyourGovernment Thecon-
tract was witne sed by its asent—the money paid m
his presence. The sum paid was between fourteen
a' d fifteen thousand dollars It was done to aid
the pacific policy of the Government in regard to
the Indians, with a pledge at the time by your
agents tnat the negroe  should be delivered to Wat-
son, they being there m posses/ion ol th* officers
of Government It is true, also, that the order
to del'ver was i«sucd by the Secretary oí War,
anl eqii ¡ y tru t*iat an officer oí the army,
influenctd p obably t«y lie benign feelings that
the gem email irom Ohio claims, declined to
obey it, by reason ot which Watson failed
to gi t po se^sun ot ihe prop-rty, and it was re-
moved o A'kansas by your < fiicers, in violation of
the p'edgi's tt ihe the Govern ment officers, solemnly
made t > Wat en, which pledges alone induced him
to em> his money t > aid you m carry ma out your
policy ' You have ha 1 the benefits ol bis m ney.
The Indies retened i' by your con-enr. Wat on
paid it ;it jour m tanee fne negroes jouhave
a1 so and c\a dehvei if you will. You ought to
d <it wit-out atli},cr promptly pay Waison the
damages S r, if your Goven ment ceuld be sued,
W<i'so-i wo*ld recover in an action at uiv the ne-
gro -,  ■ h their increase and hue. Your exemp-
li m from suit increases the obliga ion to pay.
But tre gentleman has such a refined <-ense of
ri"ht rnd wong, that h= commend \our rfticer as
nooieaid pa'itotc, m recusing >o del ver the pro-
perty to i¥M on, whiht he j is mes tne G>vern-
muit ixr viola'ins its fa ih Tnis seems conso-
nant with h s tod1 oi morals Ht never can be-
an objec if envy amongH men oí stric ly ho-
nest purpo^ts,^
He expreses for his constituent  ihe utmost "ab-
