APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
172________________________
2()th Cong.....2nd Sess.
horreoc and scorn for iho buyiDg and selling oí
ne/roes "
And who are his constituents'? Who is tne gen-
tlemaB? He is the same who makes it his boast,
that hts di«trictai the late tleonon gave to General
Harrison a larger majority than any district w the
Union.
After what has occurred, it is unbecoming in this
gentleman and hu. constituents to make this assault
on Georgia and her institutions—ungrateful in the
extreme, and particularly iMifc.ni! to my colleagues,
who co operated with h m in the late election
What has Georgia done? Has she not united with
the geml««ian's conituueuts from Ohio, those ot the
member from Massachusetts., from Mame, from
Vermont, New York, and elsewhere, to elevate this
distinguished chieftain? to place their party in
power? In doing thi<, have they not discredited
liim who now additsses you with two othei of her
sons who have fai hfully and zealously endeavored
to defend her against her adversaries on thio floor'
Have they not put th<se three aside, to make room
for three others, «hose views in tbatccntes-t more
nearly accorded with those < f the gentleman?
(Mr. Nisret here spoke from his seat, and ■-aid,
' No, not so."]
My colleague sajs no I siy yes, it is si, a d
wilt repeat it, that he may not misun lersiand
Have not the peopb of Georgia put cuide thtee of ha
sons, to make roon A tie fjr thtee other*, whose views
in that contest moi e nearly accorded with those of I he
gen lemanl She has in this—he is for Harrison,
and so are they, whilst we are against him And
what is his return? Scoffing, levilmg.'abuse, and
slander. He n. lost to alt sen e of propriety, lost to
every sense of justice towards tho=e who aided htm
in the "great it/arm," unmiudtul of the relation her
representatives, bear to him and hi* party Disre-
garding the obligations ol giatitude, he dtives his
Abolition foices headlong upon them
I call my colleagues here to bear wilnrss to his
conduct Did 1 not feebly endeavor to warn my
constituents ot what is now before us? Did I not
name this veiy man from Ohio, as one that would
turn upon them? I did, fir, but I did not expect
so soon to see the prediction leali/ed I did not
expect so soon to heai such sentiments avowed in
this hall—that he would travel out of his way to
publish them, that it should be done on Hit very
event General Harmon's advent to this city, be-
fore be is duly installed, and that I should be de-
fending my constituents against atlack, while the
ihunder of joyous arulleiy, buiMin^ foiih Jit the
great hero's approach, deafen  mj ears, and r< vei
berates /rom these  a Is, ísmoie than I looked for
I have thought that regard lor my colleagues and
what they have said, an unvrillinxtiess to betray
in* miSfrablG humbug by wh ch Georgia had been
led into a false po<iuon, oppose 1 to her own poli-
cy, would have induced the g-ntleimn to lelrain
[¡-Ion Mr Nisbkt rose and asked it his colleague
meant to intimate that the Staiv of Georgia, in the
Idle election, had been carried by humbug] No,
sir, said Mr C 1 made no such intimations I
spoke plainly concermns the Presidential tlfction
I said what I row repeat, and what impartial his-
tory will rtcorcl ¡t was emied by the veriest
humbug My colleague surely knows what I mean
by humbug If not I will ell hm I mesn not
fair argumrn s fddiess,ed to the reason and judjr
ment of men, to «etiie and decide issues lairly
made, but i mean timt-sf rvmg expedients, resorted
to to evale the true is uts and «uldies-e) to the
pas uni tmdprrjadices of m<n, lo stimulate ilvm to
act by these mi, ul es I need r ot particularize
But it my colleague wisties to be informed, I com-
mend t mi to n e i of ad parties, Tsho, s n^e all is
over, have taken a «ober second thought [Mr
Waddy Thomp on of South Carolina, here inter-
posed, and said he regret ed lo see this reiival of
a family quarrel, on a question where all Southern
gentlemen, ought to siand tiguhei, a>i1 jroiested
«gama the rractice of charging the Whig party
■wi h holding senhonen s p cut .r to the gentleman
from Orno, who was the ob turest of all the ob-
scure members of that party ] Mr Coori.il pio
ceeded.
Mr Chairman, I have had no purpose to
revive a iamiiy quarrel or to provoke it.   I have.
Nabal Appropriation Bill—Mr. Welter.
Feb. 1841.
H. of Reps.
home a domestic policy, which will be adapted lo
coming event" T is much I feel bound to say,
whilst I feel satisfied, for myself, to leave the sub
jeet in the hands of my constituents—of those to
whom the State of Georgia has confided it.
RriMARKfS OF MR. WELLER,
'       OF OHIO
In the ifouse tf Representatives, Febiuary 26, 1841.—
'On tí/Naval Appropriation bill
Mr WELLER said he had not obtained the
floor for tne/purpose of discussing the various sub-
jects mire d/ced into the debate. He was desirous
of concclmg some errors into which gentlemen in
the Oppo «ion have tallen, and to make an appeal
to his mends on all sides to termiaate the debate.
We have now only four days lest for the transac-
tion of the public business, and unless this desulto-
ry debate is speedily closed, we must of necessity
adjou n without any action being had upon many
of the most important bills These a/iet-dinner
speeches are usually spun out toan interminable
length, coveiim. the who'e field of general politics,
and, however interesting they may be t© the galle-
ries, are of very little use in enabling us to com-
prehend the subject upon which we are required to
vote. Tne committee charged with the subject,
have reported a bill appropriating the sum ol
$1,425,000 as necessary for the naval service iur-
liij! the present year The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr Saitonstall] proposes to increase
that appropriation to $2,400 000 This question
is njw fully undeistood by evrrj mtn on thisfloor,
apd no doubt each member has made up his judg-
ment as to the manner in which he will vote.
Why, then, consume the important time of the
Hou e in usekss debate? No one here has atlacked
the navy, an 1 jet we have been compelled to sit
for hours, and 1 sien to bombastic eulogies upon
our naval heioes, the importance of keeping up
the navy, and the probability of a war with Great
Briiain Gemlemea have displayed as much zeal
and eloquence as though we were about to make
an appeal to the God of battle There are times
(said Mr W ) when I could perhaps listen pa-
t ently to this wmdy declamation, but now, at the
close of the ses>ion, when our table is loaded down
with important business, I confess I have no taste
for such speeches.
We are all, said Mr W the friends ef the navy.
We all regard it as the right aim of our national
defer ce—the arm upon which we must mainly rely
if at any time we thould unfortunately be involved
in a war with a foreign countrj, and «e are willing
to do every thing m our power to preserve and
maintain the dignity and importance of that navy.
We would have it sufficiently str >ng and powerful
to preserve un'arnished the honor and integrity of
the Ret ublic We are in favor of its gradual ad-
vancement, bnt we do not believe that ir is expedi-
ent in a time of profound peace, to involve the
Government in debt for the purpose of increasing it
Before we make large and liberal appropriations of
the public money, we should look at our resources,
examine ihe condition of the Treasury and see
whether we have the means to accomplish the
objec. My colleague said he, over the
waj, [\Ir. Mason] has told us that the
Treasury is barkrupt—that we have no money
at all to ca ry on the Governa ent, and very
little credit, and yet, sir, we find him and
otheis, who h?vc expressed similar opinion^, zea-
lously advoca'ing the amendment to increase the
appropriation m this bill five hund ed and seventy-
five thou.and dollars ovei tt e es imates (f the Se-
cetary of the Navy and of the Committee of
Wajs and Means' You tuve told us, «aid he, that
the Government was already deeply involved in
debt, and, .n lead of devising some plan to relieve
U from i<s embarrassments, you propose to plunge
it still farther in debt' Is this the course tbat pro-
dent men «could pursue in the management of their
ovfnoffair^ If youi navy requires an increase,
n<\xt }ear, when you cjine to revise your tariff
laws, let them be revised with an eve to such in-
crease, but let us now, when our resources are ex-
hausted, confine the appropriations to what the Se-
cretary has deemed necessary.   Our vessels are
found it so farperunent to advert to whai occuirpd,
that I m y make the gen'leman from Ohio feel tae
unwonhtnrss oí hi  conduct If by so doing my
colleague is made to f°el, I regiet it, but cannot be
responsible for it I disclaim having charged the
Whig pany, as a party, by word, thought or deed,
with holding the opmims of the gentleman from
Ohio, and fot what purpo e this is impuied to me
I know not I merely said that ssveral prominent
members of that party here, (besides that mem-
ber') representing a great number at home, are of
his opinion I so charged, and it has not been dis«-
vcved b/ any .but the gentleman from South Caro
lina, [Mi. Waddy Thompson] from whom the dis-
avowal ought not to comp Let tho e who are
known to t'>ink wnh the gentleman from Ohio dis-
avow for themselves
Ifunhertbar ed, what appeared t> me to be
evident, a fixed purpose on their part, by an orga-
nised effort, to uige tneir opinions on th s House,
and that was not disavowe t
Sir, I desire io cherish the kindest relations with
my colleague* I have no motive, object, or inte-
rest, ihat could induce me to do otherwise My
p ditical career is drawing to a close I never ex-
pect, never wish, to return here My co'kague
knows that my purpose was to have resigned, even
it elected AnJ though the people «ho sent me
h°re, have not afford d me an opportunity faithful-
ly to íepresent their best interests, with a chance to
show such disiuterestednes , I still assert it, be
cause it was reton ed at a lime when all thought I
s ion ¡i be return d And rather than have my col-
leagues heie think I am aimin  a suig'e blow «t
them, I will suppiess all report of my remarks
No, sir, I only design m trankness and candor to
point a faithful finger to events as they are turmr g
up during the short peno 1 I have to remain.
Mr Chairman, I have nearly said v>hit I rose
to say, and, but for the interruptions, should not
have said many thinsss which have been drawn
from me The people t f Georgia, I trust, will
have sagacity enough to discover their true policy,
and firmness enough to adhere to it Bat whether,
as recently has occurred, I shall agree to disagree
with them, 1 still maintain that whatever, a« a peo-
ple, they imy think their interest and happiness re-
quire, will be right foi them to do Theirs will be
the less or the gam, and trom that judgment I
shall never appeal
But there is one thought I will here pre'ent, dic-
tated, as t trust, by an uno mquerable attachment
foi the land that gave ine buth It n this When-
ever her adversaries here, (and by such 1 mean
tnose whos  antagonist intensts drive them to a
polioy injur ous to her) ¡«hall d sire to carry out
any of th'ir gitat viial measuies, interesting to
them, but strongly objected toby hei, they have
but to arm tl ems Ives with the levtrage of a bank
chaiter, with which to ensnare her people, }ou
will ihen first est iblrsh th^ decoy, then spread the
sinre, an 1 a.tei a generous, a patriotic, and con
fidmg people shall have entered into it, draw the
c irds upon them Finding them no loneer fref to
act, but closely engaged in extucaiing themselves
from the meshes of jour net, you will, with impu-
nity, drive down your stakes all around them
Bat only et them burst then bonds asunuer, and
>our day ot retribution will be at hand
Sir, I shall i piose this appropriation, but for ve-
ry contrary reas ns from ¡hose I have b en re-
pljingto I think that to pay money to those In-
d ans to induce them to qu t fight ni , will be to
puiJiase an Im'ian war whenever they want mo-
ney Such in effect, i the proposition offered by
the gentleman from South Ca olina
And now there remains but one idea more
Tfn>, sir, is an imporant crisis for the peculiar
intetes's of the peep eof tne S iu h What is tran<-
pinng here—in the canvassing—m the S ate Le-
gisl-tures—m s0cteti's and c-iurches, and conven
tions both io this Union, on the ocean, and in Bu-
r< pe, admonishes us to take heid? JVoto ik the
time, not to rnonow, lejet week, nor next year,
but this i? the time, «h°a the happiness and mte
rests of the South demand that they should wisely,
gravely, and prayerfully consider what they will
do—whethei they will demand that this subject
be arrested here, or whether they will adopt at
