m___________________    APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,_______________Jan. 1841.
26th Cons—.2nd Sess.                                    Treasury Note Bill—Air. Thompson.                                                          H. of Reps.
a little will be taken. And if they should collate-
rally be «fed as a remittance, from State to State,
- orasameaasef discharging debts between citizen and
citizen, this is not a kss acceptable service to me,
than to be used a? a remittance between capitalists at
home and abroad. But they are continually knock-
ing at your door for redemption, and create, of ne-
cessity, only a temporary indebtedness.
Bat, it is said, they are "bills of credit." Well,
sir, what is a bill of credit? In the case of Craig
vs. the State of Missouri, which has ever been
considered as deciding leading points on this sub-
ject, Chief Justice Marshall defines a bill of credit
to be " a paper issued by the sovereign authority,
and intended to circulate as monej." "" This inten-
tion is to be gathered from the face of the act and
the phraseology of the bill. Trie act under dis-
cussion, the debate, the cancelling of these notes,
asd not reissuing them when returned, all show the
intent to be to raise money, and not to form a cir-
culating medium. Thus, all the argument based
upon their being bills of cred t falls 'o the ground.
But, even if you consider them bills of credit, it
appears, by a note in vol. 3 oí Madison's Papers,
that the power to issue bills of credit was stticken
out of the Constitution, because it was thought
useless, as conferring no new power. By remain-
ing in, it might lead to an improper use of them,
and serve " as a pretext for a paper currency."
The qusstion of constitutionality and necessity
being conceded, the only additional inquiry re-
mains: Is the sum of five millions sufficient?
It is pefectly apparent, from the remarks of the
gentlemen who have preceded me on the opposite
side of this question, that an extra session of Con-
gress has been determined upon in their party coun-
cils, and it is necessary to keep this fact steadily in
view, to underuand their remarks, and to apprec ate
aright iheirsingnlar viewsand differing calculations.
Truth, sir, said Mr. T.is the basis of all excellence;
and the unbiassed mmd will follow on in whatso-
ever paths may direct its footsteps. But here a
certain conclusion is assumed, a cerlsm purposr
must be carried into execution, and, of course,
there must be a due adaptation of the reasoning.
The lawyer assumes that the cause of his client is
just, and directs 'the energies of his mind to the
elucidation of the grounds of its propriety andjusli 'e.
Every fact that interposes and militates against hh
purpose i i either rejected, or so colored as to de-
stroy i's force upon the minds of others,. This is
the great source of sophistry and false reasoning.
It is in this way alone, we can account for the
amazing difference in sentiment, opinion, and prin-
ciple among mankind. Oar feelings, our desires,
our interests, control our reasonings and our jn<!g
ments. Sir, said Mr. T. to my mmd my friend
from South Carolina (Mr. Routt) hasdcmonstiat-
ed, with gteat forre mid clearness, that nei'hor n
new tariff nor a loan is called for by the i-xgencie;
of the Government; and that th"sum.specified in ihe
bill would afford ample relief to theTreaserv of the
nation. And, from the examination which I have
given these subjects, aided by 'he sugges ions ot the
best informed in nds as to ihe necessary expendi-
ture of the current year, I am free to admit, fiat,
had the Arlministraiion been successful betore the
people, 3,01)0,000 would have been the ubimaium
to which 1 would have gone in the present instance.
But, in providing ways and mean" for an opposing
party, I shall adopt such a curse as to cut off all
just gr.;iin«l of complaint; and, tor all m-il-admin s-
tratiot), I shall hold them responsible.
I hav? been not a little amused at me mathemati-
cal talent which h.-.s been exhibited in th's deb tie.
The gentleman fiom New York [Mr. Barnard]
leads off wuh the m-'.-! expensive and varied calcu-
lations, showing not only v-haf will be expended,
but what ought to be expended, in ti,e year '41;
and at length concludes, that the probable deficit
in the Treasury, at the termination of ihe year, will
he seven ami a half n i'hons. He is followed by
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Evans] whose
learning and ability are acknowledged on all iidesof
this House. He differs very wi.'ely in his esti-
mates. He joins no issue with ihe Secretary of the
Treasury, as to the probable amount of receipt-* for
the current year; but prefers rather to admit their
correctness, and, if the appropriations should not
exceed the estimates, or even the expenditures of
the last year, the means in the Treasury, with the
proposed relief, will be sufficient to meet the 'cur-.'
rent demands. But he objects to what he eails the
miserable parsimony of'the Secretary; and, in a
bold,- manly manner, he admits that it has ever
been his rule of conduct to vote for the largest ap-
propriations on every subject, for he viewed that
as the best policy. Then came the gentlemen
from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] who developed a
wonderful talent for figures. In early life he mu*t
have outstripped all others in this branch of study.
He considers them all wrong. He enters into the
calculation, and soon the answer is presented: The
deficit at the end of the current year must be, he
asserts, ten or twelve millions; but more probably
fifteen millions.
Sir (said Mr. T.) I have been amuced at these
calculations; for, however much they dtff-.r in
the rationale, yet all agree in the result—an extra
session of Congrtss will be necessary. It is not
required of me, at ibis stage of the debate, to
make out an estimate for myself. I am neither
prepared or willing to do so. Now, sir, the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] has commanded
my respect and regard since I have been honore d-
with his acquaintance; but, in this instance, the mo-
tive, the guiding principle, the «¡rito animo, was too
apparent, not to be perceptible to the most negli-
gent observer. Men's desires, in a great degree,
control their reasoning; and the gen>.!em?n himself
has furnished me with an apt illustration of the prin-
ciple. In the spring of 1837, just before Mr. Van
Buren was inaugurated, when ihe fortification bill
was before this House, thatgenileman propo ed on
amendment, which provided that the balance in
the Treasury at the end of that year should be de-
posited with the States, in accordance with t le pro-
visions of the act of 183C, usually called th* depo-
site act. In his speech on that occasion, he is re-
ported in the Register of Dabatos to have said:
"Ad must admit, not only that there will b  a sur-
plus, but 1h.1t il will be a very large one; and the
question is now presented, and must be decided by
the vole which we are about to take, whether the
fi/.een or twen'y millions in the Treasury, over and
above the demands of the public, service, will be
more secure when deposited with and distributed
among the several States of th-i Union, or in the
State banks " Now, sir, (said Mr. T.) it is a
matter of history, that, at the end of that year, not
only was there no surplus, but, during the year, the
President of the United States was under the pain-
ful necessity of calling together the members of
Congress, at great expense and trouble, to devise
the necessary ways and means t.j meet the ordina-
ry expenses of the Government. Then, however,
th  gentleman'* calculation was, that there would
bj a turplus of 15 or 20,000,000 in the Treasury;
now his calculation is, that there will he a deficit
of 10 to 15,000,000. Trien hin desire was to make
out the largest possible surplus; now his desire
is to make out the largeu possible deficit. Then
he came with 15 or 90 millions of the truth; now,
I suppose, he Will come within 10 or 15 millions
of the truth: which will show a considerable im-
provement on his part in the setene-: of figures.
It is in vain (said Mr. T ) to try looser to de-
stroy the confidence of this House in the integrity
and f,ur dealing of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The more his statements are attacked, the more
impregnante they appear. Di*cusiion and investi-
gation, as they shed light upon these subjne's, d*-
monsirate the more c'early th  ju-.iness and pro-
priety oí his estimates. This circumstance, alone,
ha-. gre.U weight m my mmd. Lsst. year wai an
extiaordmary commercial year. It was evident
that the country was poorly supplied with goods,
and reasonable expectations were formed that the
imports for the year would be large; but the singu-
lar and uncommon fact occurred, thut the exports
e^ceede*; tho imports more than 364 million's.
Yjt the estimates of ihe Secretary of the Treasury
rame within about two millions of the amount ac-
tually realized.
Sir, (said Mr. T.) these calculations must all
prove uncertain. To man is not given the power
of foreseeing events. He cannot tell what a day,
or an hour, may bring forth.   At seed time, the
farmer cannot decide upon the extent of his har-
vest. Nor in the blossom can we determine the
abundance of the fruit. Nor can the financier fore-
tell, with certainty, the per annum receipts from
impost duties. They ar« uncertain, and must be so
from their very nature; they depend upon the wind
and the wave, the caprices of society, the mutations
of trads, the fluctuations of commerce, and the
intercourse of nations. But the Secretary bases
his estimates, I leirn, fiom information derived
from the revenue officers scattered ali over the
face of thi* continent, and, therefore, is more en-
titled to credit for his conclusions than a member
on this floor, who ha? not the facts en which his
judgment may act; and, therefore, gentlemen must
not consider me as calling in question their mathe-
matical talent by adhering to the estimates made
by the Secretary of the Treasury. Then the ac-
count will stand thus:
The receipts from every source of public revenue
will make the whole means for the year 1841,
#24,723,473
The wholi expenditure, including the
funded debt for the cities 0! this
District, and the redemption of out-
standing Treasury notes, for the
year 1841, will be -           -           -   93,899,200
Balance in the Treasury, at the end of
1841, after all payments whatever
are made   -                                          $824,273
This is the estimate of the Secretary ot the
Treasury, I attach more faith and credit to it than
any other calculation I have seen. But can gen-
tlemen of the opposing party have the least possi-
ble pretext for complaint, when we propose by this
bill to give them the power to raise five additional
millions. Justice forbids a murmur, and fairness
and candor could ask no more at the hands of un-
bounded liberality.
The gentlsman from New York [Mr. Barnard]
enters into a formal and seriou; complaint against
this Administration for endeavoring to cut down
the expenditures. He asserts your public works
are suspended; your fortifications are neglected;
your harbors, and roads and canals, which have
been auspiciously commenced, are now going to
ruin for the want of appropriations of public
money; and, to my surprise, he was followed by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] in the same
vein. He accuses the Democratic party of being
guided by a spirit of mean "parsimony." Sir,
(sail Mr T ) are we in the same House? Is this
the same body that met here in council twelve
months ago? Is the present or the pist all a dream?
The proll gacy, extravagance, and wastefulness of
tins Administration, are still ringing in my ears:
tirso walls have scarcely ceased to reverberate the
sound. But now, how changed! It is now guilty
of a mean "parsimony." Three months ago, the
cry of prodigal expenditure was echoed from one
end of the nation to the other. It was the charge,
above all others, relied upon to proslrate the pre-
sent Executive before the people. But being de*
feated, even before he lays down his brief authority,
the same lips turn upon him, and accuse him of a
mean "parsimony." 1 will not say, consistency,
thou art a jewel! But I will say, oh, shame I where
is thy blush? Wilt the American people endorse
all this? No, sir; they will not—¡hey cannot.
When they find they have been deceived, they will
spurn those arts by which it has been effected.
Sir, before my constituents (said Mr. T ) I ad-
mitted that the expenditures of the Government
were too large, and accounted for them on the
ground that too much money had been collected
from the people; for if Congress found the money
in the Treasury, they would assure Uy spend
it—they would not. leave it in the hands of the
officers of the Government. And however strong
their principles of economy might be, and however
much the Executive might inculcate the doctrine of
a cheap Government, yet the members of Con-
gress would not withstand the seductions of as
overflowing Treasury, and the true way to treat
the Government was to adopt the practice of the
provident parent towards the profligate youth at
college—to cut off the supplies. Now, sir, the
supplies have been cut down, in pursuance of the
