Jan. 1841.
APPENBIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong-...2\'d Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Thompson.
179
H-.of Reps„'
from the States and the people. We have
twenty-six sovereignties. These can make banks
at will, aud unmake them when they fail to effec-
tuate the objects of their creation. Bat they
can never make their paper, money, or rece.vable
as money, but with the consent of the citizen.
Thus, by discba'ging oar dmy, and no more than
our duty, the people will bemlu-ed to repudíale
all paper promi-es which are not convertible into
specie. And thus ihe fra-aers of the Constitution
intended Cong ess to a d 11 s curmg to our p ople
a sound, uniforu, and stable currency. Thus
we will leave to alt the S atss the full possession
and enjoyment cf ail their reserved rights. But
create your National Bank to regulate your State
banks, and furnish a pap r currency, (it may, and
perhaps will, do it, if you will confer upon it
plenary power-,) but, in so doing your trench upon
S aie sovereignly, in creiling an engine whose ob-
ject is to control and govern the institutions of ihe
States. You í'iipiy that the Slater, who have the
power to create banking corporations, aie unable
to rule and manage ihe workmanship oí iheir own
hands, to restrain and keep within metes and
bounds their own offspring. You cr«ate a master
to rcgula'e with stnoe-,, with t le infliction of con-
dign punuhmmt, the freaks and caprices of these
disorderly an I unm-upgeable children of the
States. Well, sir, -uppooe I ->dmit the Sae
Legislatures cannot regu a'e the State banks, in
which Í fear the'e is -i me truth, does not lh 
question recu% Who will reguli'e a Natunal
Bank? Lft every utizen ,11 this wide spread Re-
public asir, himself, «hat auihon y can or will re-
gúlale a National Bank? C?n you depend upon
this House1 I intend no refl c .on upon this bod},
but create this mighty giant, whoso strength, and
powei, and influence can, almost in a day, reach
and pervade the remotest corner of this vast con-
tinent, and, instead of being regulated by Conguss,
it will regulate Congress.
But suppose jou create a bank with the capital
and power contemplate!; (and to make it efficient
you must clothe it with thesepowers,) you putiuto
its keeping tne money 01 the people, and thereby
you conftr upon 1' the wi.olt credit of this Go-
vernment Its notes will be received as specie,
perhaps will b" preferred These no es will find
their way into the vaults of all the StaJe ba lk-,, and
become the basis cf Heir issues Instead oí spe-
cie, the locil bank  will redeem their circulation in
United States papnf. Goli and st'ver «ill not be
wanted, and will be considered an inconvenience
and an incumbrance, and, obeying the rece-sary
laws of trad", wi'l disappear from our conntiy,
and find their way to that nation where they are in
demand. When me sympathetic chord i„ once ar-
ranged—and, to reach that p >in>, most afflicting
will be the pecuniary distres es of the country—
when the N fonal Bank expands, the S ate banks
will expand, aud when the National Bank contract ,
the State baiks will be forced to contract also Thus,
in practice,m po>nt of fact, tae notes of the Nation-
al Bann will become the standard cf valae What
prmcip e will guide the movements of that bank?
Avarice—the soil, if it has a s-ou! th? ruling
principle oí eve.y b'nkinj corporation is avarice
Thus, as it may "¡uj: tne interest, the views, or th 
policy of th"  majority of the stoctiholaer'*, money
in this country will le plentiful or scirce. The
standard of value is to be cnaiged at the will of
selfish speculators and soeljobbers. Is this your
stable, uniform eurteiicy, winch t>day stands at
fifty millions, to morro.v at seventy, and next day
at one hundred millions, and on the fourth day re-
turns to fifty millions? Would that b^ cors dered
a stable, uniform measure, wh'ch to-day meisjred
tnree feet, to morrow six feet, and on th; third,
measured only two ieet? From such acurrenc),
when the makers of it wdl feel m'erestef in its v.i-
nablene't,, sit'y Piovid^nce sa e my couafy. It
will be as changeable s'h-'Wiiid; as, fickle as *ne
' shade of th/1 asnea íeaf.'
On this subject the 'en lem.tn ,s «jirtly mistaken.
Thts Adm.ini3tra.oa h>-> dune its duty, and de-
serves tie thanks o' ihe people; and I doubt not
will receive than, fui adhe -nj: in ihe most tiying
emergence-, "10 tu  «at red obligations cf law," in
executing ai' Givernnunt  contracts "according to
the requirements of the Constitution,"' and thus, in
presenting, "when most needed, a rallying pomt by
which the business of the whole country has been
brought back to a safe and unvarying standard."
Tne great purposes for which thu Government
was created, are lew and simple. To conduct our
intercourse wuh foreign nations, to provide and
maintain a navy for the protection of our commerce
with the world, to ra'se and «upport an army 10
guard our defenceless fromiei from the incursions
of the ruihle s savage, to com money and fix ihe
s'andard of weights and measures, constitute the
ma n objects desigr-td by oui Revolutionary anees
tois in the formation of this confederacy. Where
is the just ground of complaint under these heads'
'Uxportt* to JTi a?ice

1S33
1830
1837
1838
1839
Exports
Dollars
¿0,0,5 066
Dollars
31 441 200
Dollars
19 7oU ¿53
Dollars
15822 405
Dollars
18 336 854
Cott n        17 460 415
Tobacco     |    937,129
Rice            1    245,817
1
17 519 78?
954,846
413 54S
15 ¿65 679
723 84¿
274,62o
12 360,073 13 323142
l,232,41 |    810 093
139,525!   ,320 911
Tne wi dom, firmness, and forbearance, which
have cha^c erize 1 oui foreign intercoms, have
challe.igi.d and received the approbation 01 all par-
ties Our navy Ins cn!aig d and sireig'hentd;
aud though our cimmeice has íi.creased, and tne
canvass oí oui tradu g ve =ds whiten e\ery sta
under 'he canopy of Heaven,} et our fUg is honor-
ed, and our Sime respected every where. <>ui
an«y ha„ proved sufficient for the defence of the
eountrj; and the eonslituin nal sandard of value
maintained under ih« moa tiying cucunstances
My ideas of government evidently uifler widely
from th -e of the honoiable gentleman They aie
drawn from ih1 writings and sa}mDs of the great
Republican* who have gone befoie me, ' A splen-
did Govarnm°nt, an Ian impoverished people,"such
as we fml 111 Great Britain, I abominate In
my estimat on, the following constitute the outlines
oí a perfect Government, and consequently light
taxation, and a pure and speedy .'dminioiiation of
JUSllC.
Though I have detained the committee longer
than I intended, it would be considered unpar-
donable in me to conclude ihe-e remaiKs with-
out noticing the reference of the genileman frim
Main.  [Mr Evats] to th£ pres in embarra sment
of the . Ule of Miss s >pp¡ In spe km¿ oí t'-e
present condi'ioi of the touriir , he ?-ks, en Mis-
si-s ppi Sema s'ate 0 prospe, ,ty uhen but a year
or two s.ice, the Urn ed S ates rmrsial recet/cd
§37,000 for fee4 I take it forgian ed that h s re
ferenc  wis made 111 ro spirit of unkmdaess o
that people. Every represéntame, I presume,
feels proud of his constituents, but no member on
this floor has stronger reasons lo e ilertam that sen-
timent wi'h heartfelt swcetiiy ¡nan the humble in-
dividual who now addresses you For intelligence,
energy of character, enterprise, noble bearing, a
lofty sens  of h'snor, and a geneioas confideac-in
public agen s, my constituent stand second to no
p«op'e on earth And I will seize t>u occasion to
explain their present condition and future prospects
I begin wi'h the odiouv tariff of 1823, as the
fruitful source of all <he ravages which ^ave swept
like a tornado over th s fair country, leaving th 
most palpable and striking marks >f then severity
with the people I have the ho"or to represent
The immediate consequences of that act were felt
m the diminished demand for exports Our cot-
ton was carried abroad, and instead of being ex-
changed for the proluc ions of othT countries, itu as
sold fir Amer'can fund-, ««.en were biough' into
this country aid inceste! for tne most part in Ame-
rcan manufactures This enabled our bank  to
enlarge the r 1 sues, oar cir^ulat on becan.e en-
larged, the cost f produc ng domestic act.c'es fi-
nanced, til!, a issi, our merchan's weie able to
pa> t" pnce of fjtiign aitieh s, imj Oitjhein ln.o
thiscijntij, « dd on the heivy duties,"and tneu
ucc^'sruhy v,<npetethe uurtfet <u a dot estic ma-
n.i'acluier T.113 siai„ oi 1 ing, bt-an about the
}ear 1332, ft at jct'i ¿luc ihe piss0¿e oí that
,anff law «hi h constitue, an era, 111 'tie history of
th<s Government. Simul aneou , v nd v. inch, v. • 
the enactment of the tariff law of 1832, which was
modified by the compromise act c£ 1833, wtaob
caused a progressive reduction of duties on foreign
articles This was followed by an increased de-
mand for the'products of this country for exporta-
tion The importation from foreign epustoes in*
crfasedpan passu Cotton being the chief arftsle
of export, invited capitalists from every quarter.
Mi-sissippi lands were in high demand, and the
production of that article increased with a rapidity
unparalleled in the growth of this country. To
prove this, it is but necessary to cast our eye over
the following table:
The exports of cotton m 1829 were - |26 575,311
"                  in 1830          -   29 674,883
"                  in 1831          -   25 289,492
"                  in 1832          -   31,724,682
It is yet in the memory of all those who were
engaged in ihe growth of that article, that during
tnese tour years, their crops yielded theíb a les*
amount than at,any period of four years, sincece tton
has been an article of any consequence, previous
to or subsequent 10 that lime. Both land and ne-
groes were at a remarkably low price, and all busi-
ness 111 the Southern States pined and dwindled
Bat take another period of tour years.
Exports of cotton.
1833       -           -           -     $36 191,105
lb34       -           -           -       49 448,102
1835        -           -           -       64 96i,302
1836        -           -           - 71,284,925
Thus it will be seen that in four year , the pro-
duction of cotton was more than doubled. It wi 1
he recollected, however, ihat th? demaul was in-
crease 1, and the prices greaily enhanced. Missis
sippi now became the centre of all moneyed opera-
tion-, it was v cwed as il eEl Dotado of the South
Your Southern and IV este n highways wfre
thronged with emigrant  to that fair ¡and. Men
cougiatulated themselves when they were able to
place their foot upon Mis-ijsippi so 1 Fortune
was thoaght to be there, fieely dispensing her fa-
vors to all her votaries; and the ardent fancy saw
boundless wealth blooming m hoi cotton fields
But, sir, it is necessary to notice id. tnis connec*
tton two other events which have had a material
bearing upon the State of Mississippi In 183 J,
the Government of the United S ateo made a tieaty
wuh the Choc'aw Indians, by which it acquired
7,796,000 acres of cotton lands In 1834, a irea y
was concluded with the Cti ckasaw Indians, and
more than 6 000,000 acres of laud were b.ougnt in-
to market, all m the Siale of Mi-sisuppi. Tnese
lmdsi peneda wide fitldfo specuUtion, and had a
duect influence upon the legislation- of tne State.
Capitalists, as it was befive s'ated, gathered m
from every quarter m flocks an 1 swarms, to pur-
chase fresh cotton lands. At home, the wane of
money was felt by our citizens, to compete with ci-
tizens from other Stales in the purcha'e if these
rich aud fertile lands. The reasoning m the part
of our Legi lature, under the principles si Inch then
obtained, was mi st natural to induce them to create
capital for the u-e of their own peop'e They
made banks to make monpy to buy lands, and thus
emich their constituent-, ft r it must be remembered
that, in those days, it was the received opinion of
many, however nliculoos that op msm may now
appear, that the creat on of a bank was bringing
into existence of so much additional capital. In
hot haste bank charters were obtained; in hot haste
there banks were put into operation; m hot haste
the money was loaned out to adventurers. The
loss of an hour was considered well nigh the loss of
a loriune. The discounts were had, wild lands were
l ught, farms were opened, negroes and stock weri 
purchased and placed upon them, and all went on
mos prosperous'y. Cotton aline was produced,
however, and every thing else was obtained from
abroad. But, as long as the banks could expand
thcu t-sjes, all was well; all was life and anima-
tion, and prosperity and happiness Rumor was
ever busy in pointing to some lucky wi^ht who had
«rovvn rich by a fortunate turn of speculation.
Tnis led on hundreds in esger pursuit. I'is true,
mjrshty suffered. Máchame-, though they re-
ceived the mooi ample restird for their labors, de-
serted then trades; the various professions neglected
their pursuits. The toil and pains-takmg vtkieh
distinguished our frugal ancestors were sabi<*lS °f
