Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GkfiBE.
26th Cong....2nd Sess.
appropriations, civil and diplomatic—Mr. Steenrod.
H. of Reps.
the public lands may be divided among the Slate*;
and that the revenue may be increased, to make up
the deficit which would be caused by this distribu-
tion; going to work to figure the country in debt,
in opposition to the statement of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and asking more revenue to meet
the emergency. And they tell us that, under the
«niggardly policy'" of the past and present Admi-
' mstratiens, the army and navy, and the fortifica-
tions of the country, have been neglected; and de-
mand more revenue to bui'd up these interests, and
to meet ihe desired increase of the public expendi-
tures for them.
Mr. Chairman, has the public service been thus
neglected? Is not our navy now sufficient to
protect our commerce in every sea on which it
floats? Have not liberal appropriations been made
to improve our foitifica'ions? And have not
our army, and us interests, beep as well observed,
as was required by the policy'of our institutions?
which does not regard a large standing army as the
safest means of protection; but a well organized
mililia, as the proper constitutional bulwark of pub-
lic liberty.
Here, sir, is a letter m reply to one which I ad-
dressed to the Secretary of the Navy, propounding
to him several inquine* m re'ation to the naval ser-
vice:
Navy Department,
February 4,1841
Sir I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 2d instant, enclosing a series of queries addressed
to this department, and requesting as full an answer as possible
at the earlist period convenient
Answers to the three first queries have been prepared, and
are herewith enclosed I he information required in the others
will occupy much time m its preparation, and will be given in
subtance m reply to a call of the Senate The papers containing
it are on file in the office of the Navy Commissioners, and their
whole force is now employed in compiling the document or-
dered by the Senate
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
J   K  PAULDING
Hon Lewis Steenrod,
House of representatives
A part of the information enclosed m the letter
of the Secretary, is as follows
Statement of (he naval force in  commission, with the
number  of men in   «dive service   in, 1829  and
1841.
NUMBER AND RATE rF tHIPS IN 1829.
One ship of the In e                      -             - 74 guns
Three frigates, first class              -             - 44 £uns
Mine sloops, second cla~s            -             - 18 guns.
NUMBER AND RATE CP SHIPS IN 1841
One ship of the Une                                    - 74 guns
Three frigates, fir^t class              -             - 44 guns
Two frigates, second class           -             - 36 gurs
Eight sloops, first cla.-.s -            -             - 20 gun?.
Five sloops, third class -             -             - 16 guns
Three brigs       -             -            -             - 10 guns.
Six schooners.
Tne number of men in active service in 1829
was.....3 875
The Bi'\.üer of men in acuve service in
1841 is.....6 000
This statement exhibits ilie increase of our ves-
sels and naval force, and the Secretary of the Navy,
in his last annual report, says: " Neither the per-
sons nor property of our cit zens have any where
suffered outrage or wrong for ihe want of due at-
tention m affording the means oí protection and~re-
drefs."
Within the period refeired lo atove, the ap-
prentice system has been introduced into the navy,
which, we are told, m the report ot the Secretary,
"continues m operation, and thus far us re<ult<;
are highly sati-factory. The conduct of the young
lads is generally exemplary; and such is their
rapid progress in the art of seamanship, that, by the
time they are of age for sea-service, our command-
ers generally prefer them to older seamen I take
this occasion," he says, "lo recommend that this
system be fostered to the utmos* extent of which it
is susceptible, being fully of opm<on that it p e ents
one great m^ans of partially, at least, rea e lying
that increasing scarcity of competent petty officers
and able seamen, which greatly embarrasse-. the
op< rations of the navy, delays the sailing of our
public vessels," &e. The marine corps has been
increased, under the act of 1834, from seven hun-
dred and fifty privates to one thousand; besides
many commissioned and non-commissi-ned offi-
cers; and the pay of the navy has also been in-
creased.
In addition to this, great expenditures have been
made for the improvement of the navy-yards, dry-
docks, wharves, buildings, machines, shops, ship-
houses, materials, and naval stores.
I have here a statement, showing the increase of
the army within the period heretofore referred to;
from which it will be seen, I think, that this branch
of the public service has not been neglected.
STATEMENT
Showing the increase of the army by the acts of 1832,
1836, and 1838.


JS&SW
•J <7> CTS tvJ f3 iO
n> o S-P  -i o o
3 £ ^ S1^ -3
^  p$
to  —  j£ Í-J (D  _
Ifag-gts!
"o =; Zs£ <°
S,"" 5,3 3'2. s
5?I"pel
D o p.     a, 2
2 2         =-S
§ 3o «„S 3  J
  " n   ,    .   & 2
O
!   Ol
1    1—1    i—i    I    1   K> 1   t-< i    1   t->
| Colonela
CO
SO
j                                                                       1 Ju.icuienAn"
ia>|ii^-ii*-,-i-N)ih-ii,-            J   cointfeiH
íOS
1     I—-       WWtSl   ►-  1     1   t-" 1   —lo
I Maiors
| Capfams
rf >  1           tu 
CO  t     I   GO
I^Ol    l   (SOi 1    1         f   O 1   0*0*     >fco
3
en 1        *-       *-           v     -                    1 F rat   lieu
i^l  i coo   wool i   i  !   i - f oí i             j    tenants
CO 4*
ÍOGO
có*-       i-                  y*                     i    Second
t Í5© i a oo> i   i  i   i o i o> i             | lieutenants
<T>        i   C4
1 Third I ieu
■     '      i   i  ■ i   ■  i  i  i  i * i            |    tenants
>* ■ |    1   i* -
>iiit      i <t i  i w i >u i i            Í Surgeons.
en      i w
_                   j   Assistant
i  i  i  i  t   i   i  i j   i en r o i  i             j   surgeons
rf* i   1 ^
j   Pay mas
i   1    1  ~ 1    1    1   t        l  W I   i   i    )                 |         lers
W        1   o
| Chief mu
■  i to <   i   i   i      i     i co    i  t             |     siciana
ÜO  !     !   OT
icoSiiiiiiiiSiii             ! Musicians
ÍS      1 íü£
SSwi   i       \   i   t   i   i til &&            | Sergeants
S
i §
i So i  i   i   i  i   í  i     o i oí             j Corporals
18
, ¡8
1   ÍO 1    1    1    1    1    l    t    1    1   O '    1    1
Artificers,
farriers, Á,
black
smiths
CO
Í5
1 £
.600
630
-
P00
sos
2b60
Privates
s


Commis
sioned offi-
cers
£3
Oí
i    CT)
NO!©                                               *•       C)^D
Non com
mipsione
ofttcei*,
musicians,
&c
en
* cu
¡^coeo                                  --3     oseo
Aggregate
NOTPg
Í Figures marked with aaaateusk, (*) show the reductions
made
2   By a law of March 2d 1833, the army was increased by 9
officers and 55 pnvates, but not being embraced m the call, no
mention therpof is made m the tabular statement This m
crease, and the battalion of mounted rangers, constitute the pre
sent Istiegiraentof dragoons
3   Six assistants adjutant general, eight additional assistant
quarterm inters, and tour additional commis aries, wereautho
nzed by the act of lulv 5th, 1838, but being ol the line, and not
increasing the aggregate oí officers, no account is taken of thern
m the table
4   Chaplains, not to exceed twenty m number, and wagon
masters, not exceeding twenty in number, were also authorized
by the law of July 5,1838
t THOMAS, As¡3t Adjt Gen
Adjutant General's Office
Washington, Feb 2,1841
In addition lo ihis statement,  permit me here to
read an extract of a letter from G Bomford, Colo-
nel of Ordnance, in reply to some inquiries put by
me to the Secretary of War:
"With regard to the second inquiry, viz 'Has there been any
mcreasein the several kinds of ordnance and ordnance stores
stoce 18a?' I would state that there has certainty been a great
increase since that period, the annual appropriation devoted to
that object having al ways been expended To furiuslut detailed
statement of each item which has been increased, would require
a long time to prepare, and would mate a document too voHi-
minnus to be of material use to the interrogator. 1 therefor 
beg leave to refer, for a detailed statement under that bead, to
tables C and G, winch accompany the annual report of this tie-
partment each each year tj Congress, with the exception of the
year 1810, wnerethe papers B and C furnish the same informa-
tion
"With regard to the last inquiry, viz 'Has there been issued
to the States, for arming, &c of the militia, since 1829, the esti
mated amount under the law of 18081' I have to state, that the
annual appropriation, under the act of 1808, for arming the mi-
litia, has been regularly expended, and the proceeds distributed
to the several States for the use of the militmhereof, according
to the returns made by the proper officers to the Adjutant Ge-
neral, as required by law These distributions have generally
been made within the year, except in cases where the States m.
teiested cho^e to let the arms accumulate for a longer period.' 
To this may be added $1,572,585 10, which has
been appropriated for the improvement of the two
armories, fourteen arsenal*, and one depot, exist-
lsting in the year 1829, and subsequently to lhat
period, since which period, there has been ex-
pended, in constructing six new arsenals and one
depot, jj658,375 31 There has been expended on
the fortificatiuns on the Atlantic and lake shores,
finished and under construction, from the 4th of
March, 1829, to the 1st of February, 1841,
$8,014,342 24.
While I am free to confess that the  appropria-
tions ftr these great interests have not been exor- '
bitant, I maintain that they had not been "niggard-
ly," but have been such as accord with the policy
of our institulions.
If it be the policy of England to have one hundred
and twenty ships of the line, one hundred and thir-
teen frigates, fiftj -eight steamers of war, and two
hundred and eighty-seren sloops, her immense
standing armies, her superb fortifications, her num-
|J berle«s foundries, armories and garrisons, and her
standing pobce—more than sufficient todo battle
to ail Europe, to keep m subordination the citizens,
under the burdens imposed to support this magni-
ficent policy—our po'icy has been, in time of
peace, to impose light burdens on the citiztn, to
loster our national resources, and should war come,
every citizen will pour out his humble store,and eve-
ry State its might, for the protection and defence of
ihe country lhat has been so lenient in its burdens,
and so economical in its guardamthip of the public
good.
But, sir, the gentleman| from* Kentucky, [Mr.
Graves,] who addressed the committee on last
evening, has charged lhat the number of officers
and the patronage of the Government have greatly
increased under the past and pre'ent Administra-
tions, under the policy which I have been endea-
voring to sustain.
It is the duty imposed upon the President, to see
the laws faithfully executed. The frasiers of the
Constitution deemed it wise to confer on him this
authority. Bat he cannot nomínale or appoint
any officer, nor creáis*" any cffice, that is not
authonzed by the CoTfstitution, or by laws made
m conformity with it. And as the great principles
of this Rpublic become developed, as our commer-
cial and agricultural interests extend, as our
popu'ation advances, as our immense and
boundless domain passes from the Government
into the possession of the citizen, as our
innumerable rivers and lakes become covered
with the living throng in ihe engagements „
of trade and commerce, as Slate afler State
is added to this Republ c of Republics, when all
here is prospering and advancing:, the power,
patn nage, and officers of this Government
must increase, must go on, must advance.
The immerse number of acres of public
lands, whicn this Government has thrown
into market, requires officers to survey and dis-
pote of thern, your revenue laws require ports of
entry, and officers to prevent smusghng and to en-
force the revenue laws. Since tke year 1829,
there have been erected one hundred and thirty-
two light houses and beacons, and four monu-
ments. These require keepers, supermtendsnts,
and other officers. The extension of the judiciary
to the new Stale , and over the increasing popula-
tion of our territory, has increased the number of
judges, marshals, and other officsrs of the courts,
