14       .        ________________
mea Ccwg.......2nd Sbss.
AFPENJDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
In reyly to Mr. Nisbet.—Mr. Cooper.
H. of Reps.
The hranclfraints, too, which have been establish-
ed re  coia money, and to furnish the country with
a constitutional currency, require superintendents,
and other officers to conduct them*. In carrying
oat various treaties and engagements with the In-
dians, agents of the Government were necessarily
required and employed. We have now forty four
thousand pensioners, to whom this Government
will pay, this year, two millions forty-eight thou-
sand^ and sixty-three dollars. To perform (hese
duties, offices are created and agents are appointed
by the Government. The post routes now covered
by mail service, as near as cas be ascertained by
the Postmaster General, amount to one hundred
arid fifty-five ihousand seven hundred and thirty-
nine miles; and. the annual transportation on them
is aboat thirty-six million three hundred and seven-
ty thousand seven hundred and seventy-six miles.
This extension of the' mail routes to almost every
section of the country has required the increase of
the post offices, since 1829, from 7,651 to 13,638.
- .«The gentlemaB from Kentucky [Mr. Graves]
should recollect, that, while this policy of our in-
stitutions has been sustained, it has not been by
imposing additional taxes on the people; but under
reduced duties, and a system of economy which
has extinguished a debt of fifty eight millions of
dollars, and returned beck to the, people, by de-
positing-, with the States, twenty-eight millions of
dollajs.                                              (             i-
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Massafyhtt;,
setts [Mr. Adams] told us, a few days since, when
addressing the committee on another bill, then -
wider consideration, that the late election had
proven that the people were not satisfied with the
present Administration, and that Jie himself teas not
.-ealisfied with it. And is this to be the reason for
changing thepast policy of the cj&Md? for legis-.
latisginto existence all those r^raTa and dange-*
rous principles forbidden by our Constitution,
and condemned by our Revolutionary fathers in
framing onr free and equal institutions.? ts.lftife
Government now to commence its municipal and
local lesisladon, encroaching on the province
of the States; and have n. cribed and conferred
upon it the same powers over the fortunes of the
oilmen, that it has over the general concerns of the
States and the foreign relations of the nation? Is
the Constitution to be ^legislated away, to adminis-
ter to that spirit o* gain that thirsts for place, and
fof that desired favoritism in legislation, with
which the public mind was imbued during the last
Presidential canvass, that then seemed resolved tn
oversweeping public justice, public liberty, and the
limits of the Constitution?
The propositions I have here heard advanced
and sustained by the members of that great par-
ty whMh, in the last Presidential canvass, was tri-
umphant, are portentous of this, and will be alarm-
ing to the friends of the1 Constitution.
What, then, are they? The propositions to in-
crease the revenues on certam articles. For what?
Necessary revenue? No. PorNRtotection? No.
To take off a correspsnditig duty ori the necessa-
ries of life? No. But to supply the, deficit in the
Treasury, which would be caused by the distribu-
tion of the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
among the-States. This is what was staled by a
gentleman in the other end of the Capitol, [Mr.
Webster,] who is soon to take his seat as a mem-
ber of the new cabinet. Thus the taxing power is to
employed to extort revenue from"** the citizen,
to enable this Government to be a bountiful
alms-giver to the States. But not only the tax-
ing power is thus to be employed, but the mo-
ney power is to be seized upon; not to coin
money, and regulate the value of foreign coin
—no, sir; but we are asked to strike down your
branch mints, by withholding the appropriations
necessary to sustain them. And thus ate we to
have the paper system permanently fixed on this
country, by the creation of a. Bank of the United
States, which shall be the fiscal agent of this Go-
vernment, and have the use of our revenues to
bank upon"; shall have its notes receivable and paid
out for all public dues; shall have its pappr the ex-
changeable measure of valueof the property and the
labor of the entire country: and this power, too, is
to be exercised by this Government.   But, sir, it is
not only tbe taxing power 06,this Government, and
the money power that are to fee employed, but tbe
appointing power of the Executive is to bring the
citizen in more humiliating subjection to the pow-
ers of this Government. Yes, s^r, we have been
told by a distinguished gentlemaniume of authority
in the land, that all the officers of fije Government
who are the friends, the parti.-aos, if%you please, of
Mr. Van Buran, are to be displaced, an4 the parti-
sans of General William Henry Harrison-appoint-
ed in their places. Sir, these strong powers* "Were
conferred upon this Government by the friends of
liberty with great reluctance; and this threatened
abuse of them will alarm the people for tbe public
safety, and the security of the citizen. It must
humble the Stale Government', by invading their
power; destroy the constitutional guard of the citi-
zen, by rendering him dependent on the caprice of
authority, and peril the public liberty, by the in-
fraction of its only security—a written Constitution;
and build up here a great central power, a consoli-
dated Government, that must ultimately settle
down into a despotism.
Mr. Chairman, I opposed the coming in of this
Administration  wiih all my poor, but best exer-
tions, at the sacrifice  of my  health, and at the
.peril of  my life.   I feared the overthrow of the
-past .policy of the Government, and the introduc-
tion qf principles alien to our institutions and disas-
trous' fo the*country.   This was  the cause of the
'{extent of my opposition to General Harrison.    I
hope, sir, that these apprehensions may not be re-
alized.    I sincerely hope that he  may so demean
himself in his high office as  to prove himself enti-
tled to the confidence of this great, free, and gallant
jseopfe.    I hope he will call around him able and
' patriotic advisers—men in whom the people con-
v fide,".and. whose lives abound wi'h testimony of
Ikfidqilftl* the country.   I hope that he will admin-
1 Mer theCiovernmeni as ore with limited and speci-
fied p$w"efs, as one whose institutions are free and
equal, and as one whose burdens should bs just and
light.    Then, sir, all :he friends of the country—all
good men—will gather round him, and support him;
and History will record his name on her impartial
page with her favorite sons    But if he should not
do tfiis, ayd select as  his chief adviser one who is
suspected' by many rf being opposed to the in-
terest* and liberties of this "people; one who, in a
dark hour of the country, when our free institu-
tions were in peril, and a merciless foe were within
our borders, sacking our towns, pillaging our coun-
try, murdering our people—one who, in a season
like this, refused to vote protection 'o the  people
and defence to the country;—if he should do this,
and administer the Government on those principles
which will encroach on the   rights of the great
masse*,  bearing heavily and burdensome on   tbe
peopl", then, I say still, for one, in  honor  to the
people, in deference to one they have honored, and
inclemency to the. infirmities of age, spare him;
but banish, banish*his advisers for ever from place
and public confidence.
REMARKS OF MR. COOPER,
OF GEORGIA.
In Ihe House of Representatives, February, 1841—In
reply to his colleague, [Mr. Nit bet.]
Mr. COOPER rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: I fíela little surprised that my
colleague, who has just Jaken hisseat, should-have
risen with a fixed and deliberate 'p*iirpos> to" inflict
what he supposed would'lEmount to'a chastisement
on me; that this should have resulted from a candid
and sincere effort o do my duty, by repelling the
slanderous, attack of a member from Ohio, upon
our common constiuents and their domestic affairs,
in which 1 made no allusion to my colleague with-
out a proper explanaion. He has spoken at length,
and with more warmth than he is wont to do. He
evidently designed to be severe to the utmost of his
ability. To avail himself of tha advantage of his
position, for the exertion of his utmost power, he
has not hesitated to contrast himself and his po-
sition With mine. He has referred to the results
of the recent election in our State, with a manifest
air of triumph. He has not scrupled to define and
desigual  what he conceived to be my purposes.
He has assigned to me a purpose and an object
disclaimed by me when I spoke a few days ag.;
which disclaimer was accompanied with a refer-
ence to bis private knowledge of roy views of which
he conld not be dispossessed. I have not misun-
derstood him. His manner, his matter, and his
words, es'ablish>-*wbat I say. He said my posi-
tion and his>-were the antagonist of each other;
that I wa>-ieeking to wield public opinion against
hitnfthat I was preparing the people of Georgia to
believe, that the Whigsof that State were advocating
a tariff; that I was seeking to put myself up, andhim
and his party down. He claimed for himself by con-
trast, an ardent zeal, in a statesmanlike manner, to
promete the Southern interests He says that his col-
leagues (meaning, I suppose, those to whom he di-
rected his reply, Aiford, Black, and myjelf) shall
not claim to be the exclusive friends cf the South;
that I assume to school him—I, against whom the
voice of condemnation had gone out, who have
been disbelieved by the people, and who, he says,
will be disbelieved again. Finally he said, in re-
gard to Southern interest, there is a power in use
north of the Potomac, on which he will throw him-
self for aid; and wheneverthat power should mani-
fest a disposition to meet him, he would not stand
off on the rigid rules of party, and refuse to co-ope-
rate, but would meet them on common ground.
I ought to feel humbled, sir, in presence of my
colleague, and, in spite of his physical dimensions,
I should realize the necessity of looking up when
I would behold him; but the considerations which
have elevated him would place me lower than I
now am. He has procured that elevaiion by an
abandonment of bis policy; / have lost it by a re-
fusal to do the like. The same power that elevated
him refused it to me, because / could not, like him-
self, compromise my opinions. He must feel the
consciousness of versatility, and for that rea-
son must think less of himself as he ascends; whilst
/never knew what it was, and hence am not re-
quired to think any worse <4 myself, whatever your
elevation may be. You are never so low as when
you have lost .confidence in yourself.
In this attempt to elevate himself by lowering
me, my colleague is not entitled to the credit of
originality, since the committee now know no more
of my discredit than it learned from me when I
last s-poke. I was more happy in the voluntary ad-
mission than be can be in the charge..
In conceding to him the advantage of position,
I have reference only to that accidental promotion
which, wiih all a man's merit, often happens to
him by force of circumsiances, which he has but
Utile merit in controlling, and which, for lhat rea-
son, in the present case, m^y very soon place my
colleague a little below the level of his starting
point. That he won the pr.ze, is true; but, in win-
ning it, he lost that, which to me is of greater va-
lue, and  therefore not to be parted with.
He says, I have endeavored to "wield public
sentiment." How small th s seems t« me! That
/should wish to wield public opinion. Would my
colleague do me injustice? By no means. Why
then make this charge? Why can't he understand
me?   Why not comprehend my movjments?   He
haJkhad
roughly-
roughly. We were schooled together—have de-
scended from a common ancestor. My life is all
before him, in whatever station I have acted. He
know  it all. Why then has he not perceived the
very little respect 1 have ever paid !o that "public
opinion," which can be wielded by any man? Why
has he omitted to observe, I have ever maintained
that the only legitímale or reputable agents, with
which to control or 'wield public opinion, are the
facts as they exist, and the principles of right and
wrong applicable to them? Why fail to remark,
what every act of my life shows, that I have not
only been unwilling that it should be wielded by
myself or others on any plan than this; but have
refused to accept the benefi's of a change induced
by other means?
But, be says, I am seeking to wield it "for the
purpose of elevating myself, and putting him and his
patty down." This is still more remarkable. It is
unauthorized and unjust. If he and bis party "are
what they have been," I could not put them dowa
without going down with them.   I have preferred
