M:j.r. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
IS?
26th Cong......2nd Sess.
Fortification hill—Mr. S'arkiventhe:
H- 6f Reps.
portion of the regular fund fi r ihe gradual mo ea->e
and improvement of t! e Navy had been divcr.'-d
from that ohjec'; but who had done this'' Congrt ss.
The fund had accumulated to the amtunt o!
$1,500,000, and Congress thought u best to take a
part of the money, winci would have gone back
into tbe Treasury, and apD y it to the building of
two steam frigates. T iere we ample materia s
on hand; and contracts had been entered into fir
the means of eons'raclipg 15 shios of the 1 ne, 18
fn?ate=, 15 sloops cf war, 9 s earner-, bes des cop-
per and iron, &c These conti-ct  wtre autho-
rized by law; and it was ascertained that, in
applying the money of the fund, no inconvenience
■would be sustained. The present bill allowed
$750,000 for the giaduat increase and improve-
ment of the Navy, ?rd it was tounded on saler
data than the suggestions of any individual
member.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday evening, March 3, 1841.   '
After the recess,
The Hou e being in Conunitiee of the Whole on
the fortification bill, reported by the ComtmtteSe of
Ways and Means,
Mr. POPE resumed his remark? He urged the
commit'P'f not to insist, at this lime, fon any new
measures of defence: it wfts better to postpone it
entirely for the new Admimstra'ion, and let them/
take ihe entire respons-ib hty. He was entirely
without authority 'o s¡. eik fjr that Administration,
bnt should lend it In hones* and hearty support.
He gave credit to Mr V?n Buren f«r the pacific
course he had pursued He warned penile men not
to tell the nation they could not be k'eked into a
war: it was dangerous language to sa excitable a
people. Give the new Administration fair oppor-
tunity to v-ard off Ihe uatiinal danger-, if it coull
be done with honor and propne'y He shoo d
make no war speeches and no vr reports. He
concluded by adv.sing his Inen is to suffer Ibe b il
to pass
Mr LINCOLN addressed tbe c^mmi'teea'some
lenglh in favor ot an increased appiopnation for
Boston harbor.
Mr. HAND was opro ed to smcndiag this bill
by inserting the uems from an ther bill Mr H.
v.n's one who believe 1 we should have r.ar Eng-
land could not sustain hetself Ion0; without it, he
deprecan d, howevee, a 11 exct'rmen" of feeing
He hoped ihe conduci of the people on the b ider-,
would not be rashly condemned, they certa'nly
badieceived sreat provocatuns. He believed the
new improvement-, in war wrre no obj-ction to
forts, England d d not think so, for she was repair-
ing old ones and building new. What we chiefly
wanted was sufficient f rtres'esand «ell stored ar-
senals This lesson "-as taught us by the expe-
rience of the last wsr. (He bee purl s me com-
phnvnis to the mditia, not voy plainly he>'d by
tht Reporter) Mr H obs rved that th- w'mle
sum needel for Ihe enure s\«'em of fort-ess de
fence would cost us bn' six'cen millions He
pleaded the necessity and expeiiency of a fort re s
in his own district.
Afier some remark* fnm vrr JAMESON,
Mr STARKWEATHER of Ohio, gave notice
that he should discuss tbe quesfon at large, and
thould not address this coinm'Hee alor.e, but t^e na-
sion at large. It had been sa>d ihe Northern fron-
tier was at the mercy of her Britannic Mjjpsiv, but
yonrg Ohio was ready t > meet her rVUjestv, ihey
bad there a foruficaiion winch shp cou'd rot ovei-
come, no, not with ihs aid of Rns-a \ and France
She invited the foe to come, and she would make a
f laughter-house and b'irjmg ground of her sod.
The East were a Batten of beggars; a rPie-faced
people, who ran behind a fori; the people oí the
We^t mea the enemy on tbe open field. The
American people have never yielded their stripes
and stars to the British km, (he rreant on the wa-
ter.) Perry bad covered the whole lakes with glo-
ry. Mr. S said he intended to speak the balance
ef Ihe se sien—not on-the question before ihe com-
mittee, for he did not know what that was. Cen-
neencut gave him birth, and what little bunging up
he had, he got there. He complimented their enter-
rise, but charged jheta with a love  f gam.
'lhc CHAIR ca.lcd the gentleman to O'dei, and
required Mm to e nfine himself to the question.
Mi S insisted he had a right to speak on the
prospects of war, and the ncce-sity of defence. He
dend-'d ¡he i^ea of defending Msune, becau-e one
Cape Crd fi herman could whip twen'v British
sailors on tbe ocean; so could on  Ohio ranger do
ihe 1 ke to twenty Brii'sh soldiers on land. We
had now a hero in h- chair—a hero at the head of
the nation; he would whip them as he d d at Tippe-
canoe. The Indians had carried away their sra!p«,
tut it was confidently said that thirty were killed.
This hero was to fight—with whom? With a Wo-
m.>r-, Without money and almost without nvn he
bal «hipped the Briiish; and yet now it was said
we should be whipped to dtatn. No An Cleans
never «ere whipped with equal advantages With
General Harrison at our head, no nauon dare at-
ia<k us. H« was a son of ihe mother of States,
but he hid bved in Ohio; they knew hira when he
was the clerk of a counting hoti^e; and he had
burnt mere wigwams which were deserted th?n
any man living Tins argument was conclusive.
The House must be convinced, it was now time
to eonvmci the galleries. He here t;u( ted «orne
verses; and ihen said he should address himseh' to
the/fairest and most belovfd portion oí our p¡ oplf.
Freedom of action and of sprech weie constuulion
al right, (this was an episode,) and if re had the
power of keeping the committee in order till the 4th
ofMaich, he wished to reply to some remarks
made (tree weeks ago. He had so no nation dared
attack us with our beloved hero at the head of the
nation. It had been said lhat ihe election of Gen.
Harri'on settled the question that a taiiff law was
to be passed
The CHAIR interposed and reminded Mr. S
Iba' the tariff was not in order
Mr S. ,nsis ed that it must be, lo show bow the
money i > this bi 1 was to b> ra s-d. Some b leved
Ibat a called sesión wi> nerc. ary 'o pass a law
laying dunes en silks and «inc.
Tie CHA'R Pga n called Mr S to order.
Mr S. said ii had been s 'd ihere was a d. hcien-
cv i" lh° Treasury, it hid been full—*as now
emp'j, pnddid not coniain money enoush to jug'e
on a 'i-mb'tone; yet gentlemen now asked more
money to fortify a country hat needed no fortifica-
t>c n, and io increase a navv which, when not half
its prt^ent number, whipped the navy of Encland.
The treasures < f the coun'iy ha I been squandered,
it w;>s *aid, in erectme pabce= of more ib-n Ea't-
ern m?gi lficcnee.
Mr S. was then about to s-peak of ihe inconsis-
tency of th  OprositiAn m relation io ihe furniture
at ihe White House, when
Mr EVERETT here called to order on the
ground of irrelev inev
Mr. BEATTY. Yes, thit is always the case.
When any of our party are about to tell gentlemen
th nsrs ihey do not like, they always shout "order "
Mr. S.said h-wou'd i heve ihe committee cf
all implea^nt feelirg. lie hid -at here for three
rnonths subj-et to the same meo ivemerce If he
hehrved 'ha* others, who co ild not sp >k a whit
better 'ban h° could be stopped in like msnner, he
wou'd tal e his scat; but oiberwise he could assure
gentlemen he should speak til! ihe blushes of the
4th cf March appeared
Trie question on the amendment of Mr Sm th,
proposng to insert $6,600 for Forts Preble and
Scammel, m Poriland'harbor, and $4,000 for re
patnne forls at Wiscssset, Pam.'-nscotta, Castme,
and Easspon, in Mame, was then put ^nd decided
in tbe negative
Mr. CRO..S moved an amendm°nt for Fort
Wayne, $50,000 He e->rnesti> piessed the nece*
sitv of such a woik f he Indian" were already
i.iuch emb'itered against the Government, and if
they saw it neglecting the frontier, would oe em-
boldened lo make an attack Ihey were not then
in a condition to repel mva  on; and ihe Govern-
ment was bound by treaty to p-pseive peace
pmong ihe Indians, and between them and the set-
tlers.
Mr. JONES opposed the amendment. The pre-
sent bill applied only.to works b gun; the army bill
contained some provisions for the Western fronli r;
this bill was net the proper placs tor them.   The
sue of this fort was notom usly unhealthy, and
it was proposed to remove the site of the fortifj-
catimis.
Mr CROSS urged his point, saying th'at it would
be destruction to lhat region for the Government to
withdraw from psmis now fornficd.                        *
Mr. WILLIAMS of New Hampshire opposed
ibe amendment m a speech of some length. The
i bject embiaced m tbe amendmen*, he said, was
not of sufficient importance to justify an increased
expenditure He had, at all times, labored to keep
down expenditures as low as practicable, with a
pr tper regaid to the public interest, and to preserve
a financial policy simple and economical; and he
could not now, just at the time the people had been
seduced into a belief lhat the expenses of the Admi-
nistraron were extravagant, vote to increase them,
until the true charncter of Ihe past expenditures
were better understood by tbe people. He then
pioceeded to show that the expenditures of the
Administration foi the ordiorry and permanent
purposes of the Government had been reduced
b°low Ibat of anj preceding Administration, and
to delend i s general measures, policy, and princi-
ples.
The question be.ng put on the amendment, it
was negattvpd.
Mr. KEMBLE mevi-d an amendment for forti-
fications at the outlet of Lake Chanipfain,
§50 000.
Mr. Kemble moved an additional sechon, allow-
ing ihe President power to tr-nsfer the appropria-
tions in the bill.
Mr. EVANS moved to amend the bill by adding
therelo the follo*irg section-
"Foi reippiopnations of several amounts car-
ried >o the "-uip'ns fund for the objects hereinafter
named-
'For c<nin>iin¿ vork^ at Buffalo harbor,
$5,869
"For erecting i mound or sea wall along the pe-
ninsula sepa'atm  L&ke Erie from Buffalo creek,
03,463.
' For ihe cea wall for the preservation cf Fair-
weather island, and repa ring the breakwater of
Black Roek, in Conn.cucut, jJ2,800.
"For the c nstrtiCtion of a road from Tallahas"-
s>e lo lola, m Florida, $9 500.
"For the m'li.arv road from Fort Ciawford to
Fart Howard, $232.
' For Wilmu gton harbor, Delaware, §2,411.
"For the impiovement of tht inland channel be-
tween Sr. Mary's and St John's, $0,102.
"For the improvement of Dog river bar and
Choc aw pass, in Mobile harbor, $7,134.
"For ihe removal of obstructions at Ashtabula
cre-k, Ooio, |>369.
"Fi r the improvement of Cleveland harbor,
$1 J 66"
Mr. Evans cxp.amed the amendment to be for
the reap; ropnation of certain sm?d amoun's which
had gee back into .he Trea ury. It had been
eari e-Uy recrmmended by tre War and Tieasury
Bepprtrrm . The Secretary ol War had been
annul to draw ibe monev, but was dissuaded from
di mg so by th  persuasions ef the Secretary of the
Trea-ur), under the assurance that it should be
reappiopnated. The sums were ^mall, and were
chiefly intended lo keep m preservation the public
prop-ity, now °o exposed ihit the Department of
War bad not a do'lar lo pay a man io lake care of
tools. If this pr vailed Mr. Evans should move
a general s-um of $")0,000 ¡or the preservation of
public prorerty in vwous other portions of the
country.    This was a mere «appropriation.
Mr. JONES inquired for Mr. Evans's authority
for what he had av\ relating to the understanding
between tnc Wprand Treasury Depar'ments.
Mr EVANS rep! ed that his authority was that
of ihe Head (f the War Dep?rfment, from whom
he qao.ed a le'term his hand.
Mr JONES submitted whether this amendment
was m order on an appropriation bill, to appropriate
for roads, harbors, &c.
The CHAI K ruled the amendment to be out of
order.
Mr. JONES moved that ihe committee rise and
report the bill,, but withdrew the mot'on at the re-
quest of
