ttó
ÁPPENDÍX TO T1ÍE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$th Cong •••1st Skss.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Nicholson.
Feb, 1841.
Senate,
Mr. W. THOMPSON, who moved an amend-
ment for the preservan"  of the sue of Pjrt John-
son, harbor of Charleston, South Carolina, $16 000,
the case was precisely similar lo ¡hat in an amend-
ment which had been adopted.
Mr. T. read documents from the Department
shpwing the need of the appropriation.
Mr. HOLMES explained ihe facts and support-
ed the motion of his colleague, urging ihe necessity
of a speedy application of aid to save ihe fort
from being undermined by the sea He protested,
in the name of a commercial peop'e, against ihe
mtanness and parsimony which had marked the
proceedings of the Administration on these sub-
jects. He was a friend of that Administration, but
he could not approve of this. Mr. H said he diJ
dread a war; and he leproached the committee
With their inertness in malting preparations to meet
the case.
Mr THOMPSON moved an amendment for the
purchase «f an arsenal in Charleslsn. Ih that city
there was neither arsenal nor custom houle belong-
ing to tte Umied States. If thi< «pportunity was
lost, ihe building used would be bought by a pri-
vate individnal.
Mr. JONES objected to the amendment, and the
CHAIR ruled it out of order.
The question now coming up on Mr. Kemble's
amendment, giving the President power to transfer
appropriations,
Mr. LINCOLN said it was unnecessary, the
President haviug that power already by law.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. JEMESON moved to add an appropnalion
of $25,000 tor Fort Leavenworlh He suppoited
the motion by some remarks, observing that it was
founded on an e tímate Fort Leavenworth was
the key of the Missouri frontier Why it was over-
looked by the Committee of Ways and Means, he
could not conceive.
The amendment was negatived.
Mr. HABERSHAM oflered an amendment of
#5,UQ0 for a fort at Savannah, to preserve it ins me
stale oí repair. The Depaitinent hid recommend-
ed $50,000
The item was rejected.
Mr. CRANSTON moved $13,000 for complet-
ing a dyke for the light-house on Goat Is and He
stated the gieat want of the c< mpletion of this
work. The want of it was a great annoyance tt,
the commerce, not only of Rhode Inland, but fiom
all other quarters
The amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. CROSS moved an amendment of #10,000
for a military pet on the western border of Ar-
kansas.
Ruled out of order.
Mr JONES moved for the rising of ihe com-
mittee.
Which prevailing, the committee ro«e and repott-
ed the bill and amendments In ihe Houi>e
Mr. WELLER meved ihe previous quest'on,
which was seconded, put, and carried
The amendments 10 the bill were read.
The «em for Port Macon, North Carolina, hav-
ing been read, and the question being on concur-
rence, the yeas and nays were demanded and or-
dered; and, being taken, resulted as followed
Yeays 79, nays 53.
So the amendment was carried
The other amendments having been then agreed
tc—
The bill was ordered to its third reading, read a
thud time, passed, and sent to the Senate.
Mr. JONES sent a resolution to the Chair, sus-
pending ihe joint ru'e uf the two Houses wh'ch pro-
vides that "no bill oi rt solution (hat shall have
passed the House shall be sent lo Ihe Senate ffr
concurrence on either of the tbrte last days of th«
session," so far as the Army, Navy, Indian, For i-
flcation, Military Academy, and two other small
appropriation bills which passed ihe IIi use on Sa-
turday nigh', are concered, wh ch resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carol,na moved to
adjourn, but wi'hdrew the motion
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON moved  to  suspend
he rules to take from the table the Senate bill to
continue the corpora e existence of the Banks of
the District of-Columbia
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON demanded the yeas and
nays
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON said he would not
debate the bill; all he wished was, that a silent vote
be taken.
Mr WELLER moved to adjourn at a few mi-
nutes before 8 o'clock, p. m.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina asked the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. WELLER withdrew the motion, but it was
immediately renewed by anothei member
The yeas and nays were laEen, and resulted as
follows: Yeas 39, nays 103
So the House refused to adjourn
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved a call of the House.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS moved to adjourn
The   eas and nays were d m=nd d, but íefused.
And thereupon the House, at a quarter past eight
o'clock, adjourned.
v,
REMARKS OF   MR.  NICtfOLSOIf,
OF TENNESSEE,
In Senate,   February   16, 1841—The amendment
offered by Mr   Hubbard to include trading aiid
other incorpora ed companies in the "bill tojes
tabhsh a uniform system of bankruptcy," be|ng
under consideration—
Mr. NICHOLSON addressed ihe Senate as
follows:
Mr. President: I have no disposition to pro-
tract ihe debate, wh ch has alrtady l-een continued
until it has lost much of its lntenst in the Senate.
I should be content with giving siknt votes against
the bill and the proposed amendment, but tor the
fact that sueh votes might be subject to miscon-
struction. Without troubling the Senate, tbereloie,
with an elaborate argument, I will only tax its
patience with a brief statement of the reasons
which will govern ma in votiug upon the measore
un l< r ducussioa.
Nothing but the high ob'i¿atton imposed by a
sense of duty cou'd íestr in me from gratifying
my own feelings, by suppoitmg a proposition
which appeals so powerful!) to our humanity If
evidence were wanted of the mínense amount
and ext< nt ol the distress and suffering which ex-
l t in every portion and in every rank and c mil-
lion of our country, enough lo oatisfy any mind
may be found-in the memorials which are daily
presented hire, ca ltn>  upon us to interpose relief
by parsing a bankrupt law. There are high con-
iideiationsof pnblif pol cy, as well as of humanity,
wh chs'rorgly unline me to lend a favorable ear
to these numerous appeal 1 am satisfied that
whilsi lhcpis>-3ge if a bankrupt law would open
a «pcedy way to ih • t'ellvtranee of thousands of
h,ine t, but unfortunate, debtor , who have Ullen
victims to the abases of the credit sv0|em, u
would, at the same time, restore their enerjtp?,
and enable them lo become again vaiuab'e mem-
bers of socitty. I hold ih it, in too many ca-.es,
ihe man who i, bowed down under a weight of in-
debtedness, from v. h< h I e cunnol hope to ielieve
himself by his own exeition , is "i rth but little to
himself, his family, or his country.
But whilst I thus frankl) acknowledged the force
of these high <>nd hurnam c< n iterations, duty
denianr's that I shall no lore^t th^ tine na'n'e
and character of the rem dy proposed for ri lief
We are called upon to step m leasee i the creditoi
and his debtor, and, by the exercise of an exira-
ordm, ry povier, to annul iheir contracts en'eied
into volun'anly, a>id upon valuable considerations.
We are appeal d lo for relief, by pro-iouncmg
bends, entertdmto with all fo-mality and solemnity,
null and void toenler he vtry tempi sof ju tice,
to close their door aaamst the creditor, a' d even
to vacate the very lecords cf ihe courts, and all
this we are called upon to do, without ihe consent,
an 1 even again t the remons'i anees of the credi or.
That such a power exists in Congress, and in Con-
gress alone, is conceded, at least so far as the
trading part of the community in concerned But
the history of our country pruves that it has laid
dormant in the Constitution, with the exception of
about three }ears, during our whole existence as jj
a Government.   I wafer from this fact, that there
is a settled repugnance in the American character
to the exercise of a power which interferes with
individual contracts. Our history is marked with
periodical revulsions in the monetary affairs of
ihe country, attended, time after time, with a de-
gree of suffering and bankruptcy equal, at least in
amount and extent, to that which now ensis. In
every such instance, except one, the nauvs ener-
ares of our countrymen have enabled them to re-
cover from their embarrassments without the in-
terference of this Government. On ove occasion
only was a bankrupt law resorted to; and then,
although enacted to continue in force for but five
years, it was permitted to stand in force for but
three years
But there is anothe' consideration connected
wi h the subject, which goes far in determining
my vote. Amidsi that heavy mass of memorials
under nhich our tables are groamn?, I find not one
from the State which I have the honor, ¡n pari, to
represent. The citizens of that State have not
escapad ihe calamities wh ch have fallen upon
the enterprising in other portions of the country.
Thev, too, have pushed the credit system to an ex-
treme point, and they, too, are reaping the bitter
consequences. But, so far, they are enduring their
fate silently, and, I trust, are appealing success-
fully to the resources of industry and economy for
relief. It is certain, at least, that their voices have
not been heard in this chamber.
Under the influence of such considerations, I
cannot, at this time, consent to exercise a power
so delicate and responsible. But, in coming to
this conclusion, candor rfqmres me to sta'e, that
if, upon more mature cinsideraiion, I shall become
convinced that ihe exercise of this power ought to
be res irted to, and especially if the developments
of public fe itimenls in my own S aie shall indicate
a wish for such relief, I shall not fed myself so
committed by my present course, as to preclude
me from acting different'/ 1 erealter.
Having said ihui much m explanation of my
vote on the original bill, I wid now proceed to ex-
amine ihe arnen-tment proposed by ihe Senator
from New Hampshire-, [Mr Hubbard ] That
amendment proposes to place banking and other
trading corporations on the same footing with in-
dividual traders. If they are a'any time unable
or unwilling to redeem their notes with specie, and,
upon demand made, refusp so to do, ihey are by
this amendment to be declared bankrupt, and be
placed in the hand-! of commissioners, their affairs
wound up, and their effects distributed amongst
their cieduors It is designed to operate as a
preventive measuie against the frequent recurrence
of tho<e fatal expansir ns and contraction's of the
bank paper currency, which lie at the bottom of
the rum and distress which never fail to follow
these abti«es o' the credit system.
It cannot be deiii' d tint such a restriction would
go far towards chechn< and limiting the issue  of
barks. That it w uk "-cure an entirely stable
currency would be mor 1 than cold be reasonably
anticioaled. So 1 mg ps tha' radical defect in
our sjitem of bank'rg continues, "of uniting in
ihe same corporat on ihe right of lending and of
creating cunency, expansion^ and contractions to
«oire rxtent must ixis'. Our whcl  experience
lu iy demo, strates ihe necessity o''adopting some
some remedy which will limit the ruinous ten-
dency to constant fluctúa ions m t,,e currency of
ihe coin'iy On this question fh-re can be but
one sentiment m th's country The disasters
whirh have from time to lime befallen every in-
terest in society, arrang from rapid changes and
vacillations in the prices of properly and the re-
wards of labor, produced in every instance by sud-
den contractions of an expanded currency, have
been so many powerful arguments, going to
strengthen and confirm this sentiment
The only question now open with the people is
that which relates to the best m<=ans of securing
some degree of stability in the currency.
A portion of the present Opposition party main-
tain, that a National Bank would famish the most
effectual remedy. In support of iheir proposition,
they have a stereotyped argument, which they have
urged for years -wnh unceasing real and with no
little effect.   That argument is, that a National
