Jan. 1841.                                APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19!
26th Cono......2k  Sess..
tion of his owb Siate In 1820, the population of
Vermont was over two hundred and Ihuty five
thousand, in 1830, over two hundred and eighty
thousand, and now, a little short of two hundred
and ninety-two thousand. It would thus be seen that
from 1820 to 1830 the increase wa« about forty-
five thousand, while from 1830 to 1840 it was only
about eleven thousand And how did the account
stand in regard to the neighboring State of New
Hampshire? In 1820, the population of that State
was two hundred aid foity-four thousand, in 1830
two hundred and sixty-nine thousand, and now,
about two hundrpd and eighty-three thousand.
From 1820 to 1830 the increase was full twenty-
five thousand, while from 1830 to 1840 it was only
about fourteen thousand. In some of the towns in
Vermont, the population had diminished in the last
ten years, and there was reason to presume that
such was the case m New Hampshire Had it not
been for the manufacturing business, which, though
greatly depressed of late, had built up considerable
villages in different parts, it was probable that the
aggregate of population would not have been aug-
mented at all in either State, but might have been
diminished.
In view of these startling facts, Mr. P. said it
was quite impossible tor him, representing, as he
did, an old Stale, to give his support to a measure
which offered a bounty, and a most tempting boun-
ty, too, to emigration While he would impose no
restraints upon emigration, but leave every one to go
where he pleased, he would give it no extraordinary
facilities or encouragement, and especially such en-
couragement as this bill held out, and which no one
could fail to bee must operate very injuriously upon
the old States Emulation to the new States was
rapid enough, and one would think that they ought
to be satisfied with the surprising and almost in-
credible accumulations their population was annu-
ally receiving, without exacting new facilities and
new encouragement at the expense of the old
States. This was what their true interest did not
require, and what they had no n^ht to demand
At any rate it was wnat, coming as Mr P. did from
an old State, and meaning to perform his duty faith-
fully in, the station he had the honor to occupy, he
was not willing to yield
Public attention (Mr. P. said) was awakened to
the great and momentous subject of the public
lands The statesmen and patriots of the country
were beginning to see and feel the importance, and
even the necessity, of adjusting the question, and
that speedily, too It was not difficult to ^ee that
the public lands, if not made or used as a bribe for
votes, would become, more and more, a cause of
jealousy and collision of interest between the old
and new States, tending not only to conflict of opi-
nion, but to alienation of feeling. Every one
knew, and well ¿new, that the question had already
entered, more or less, into the politics of the coun-
try, and exeited a powerful, if not a corrupting in-
fluence in elections, and unless the question was
soon disposed of, it would not only create a combi-
nation of mteiest, attended with concert of action,
of a nature and aspect at once alarming and threat-
ening, but engender a sectional spirit, fostered and
inflamed as it might be by mteiested and «mbitious
politician , of fearful influence, and most dangerous,
tendency. The Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] had been so deeply impressed with the
nature and extent of the evils which threatened the
country from this source, that he had felt it his du-
ty, as a public man, to bring forward a pioposition
for settling ihe question, by ceJmg away and dis
posing at once of the lands themselves Wrile
Mr. P. agreed with the honorable Senatoi ?s to the
necessity of a speedy adjustment of the question, he
could not agree with him as to the mode of doing
it. He did not thmk that the proposition to cede
the lands to the States in which thoy were situate,
would remove any of the evils they had reason to
apprehend from suffering the question to remain
open and undecided Passing by all other objec-
tions to the proposition, it was enough that the ces-
sion proposed would create the relation i f debtci
and creditor between the new States and the Gene
ral Government, a relation, above all others, to be
deprecated and studiously avoided. Besides, if the
new States, without a cession, would insist, as had
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Prentiss,
been said, without even a plausible pretence of
right, upon having all the lands to themselves to
the exclusion of the old States, they would be quite
as likely, after a cession, to insist, against right,
upon keeping to themselves alt the money which
the lands pi oduced.
In the opinion of Mr. P. the only plan which
seemed to be at the same time practicable, consti-
tutional, and likely to settle the question finally
and satisfactorily, was a distribution of the proceeds
of the lands among the States. A division in fair
and just proportions among all the States could not
fail to command general acquiescence, to secure
general approbation, and give general satisfaction.
It would put an end at once and forever to a dan-
gerously disturbing and distracting question. There
would no longer exist among politicians any mo-
tive for agitation on the subject. It was moreover
the only conservative measure—the only measure
which would preserve the public domain, save this
great interest of the country from spoliation, and
secure permanently, and for generations to come,
its benefits to all the Slates.
It has been said, among other things, in opposi-
tion to the measure, that if they took from the
Treasury the rev nues arising from the public
lands, for the purpose of distribution, they would
be obliged to provide in some way for the deficien-
cy it would occasion, and that it would be idle and
foolish to distribute the money among the States,
and then impose taxes to supply its place. Mr. P.
would frankly admit that the reasoning of gentle-
men would be unanswerable, and he should feel
himself bound to vote against distribution, if, m
his opinion, Congress had the right either to distri-
bute or retain the proceeds of the lands at its dis-
cretion, and the question was simply a question
whether so much money should be retained or dis-
tributed, and nothing more In his view, the ques
tion went fai beyond that, and involved other and
higher considerations. It was a question which
agitated and distracted the councils of the nation,
ani affected the peace, tranquillity, and harmony
of the Union. It was on high considerations of
public policy, for the sake of settling the question,
and at the same time giving to the States what
rightfully belonged to tnem, that he was in favor
oí distribution. It was his deliberate opinion, long
since formed and settled, that the States were fairly
and justly entitled to the proceeds of all the public
lands embraced in the compacts of cession. He
had given th« reasons foi this opinion on a former
occasion, and he did not know that he could add
any thing, either new or mat-rial, to what he then
saul He then considertd, as he now considered,
that the question depended upon the terms of the
deeds of cession, connected with csrtatn provisions
of the Constitution.
The deed from Virginia, the leading and most
important deed, and the only one material to be
noticed, declared that the lands ceded "shall be
considered as a common fund, for the use and be-
nefit of suck of the United States as have become,
or shill become, members of ihe Confederation or
federal alliance of said States, Virginia inclusive,
according to th°ir usual respective proportions in the
general charge and expenditure, and shall be faith-
fully and bonafide disposed of for that purpose, and
for no other use or purpose whatsoever."
It would be difficult, giving to language its fair
and legitimate sense, to make this clause any thing
more or less than a declaration of trust in behalf
of the respective States composing the Confedera-
tion. Such was l's obvious import and meaning
The words "for the use and benefit ef such of the
United States, &c. Virginia inclusive," eoulá be re-
garded as nothing else than a declaiation m terms
that the cession was a grant to the use oi the seve-
ral Slates. But not only was the use declared to
the States as States, the proportion m which the
States should share in the use was also declared
A rule was given for apportioning the fund among
the States, and ¡he insertion of a rule of apportion-
ment, of itself, necessarily implied ajseveral, sepa-
rate interest in V~e States in the common fund
They were to share in it "according to the usual
respective proportions in ihe general charge and ex-
penditure," that is, they were to share respectively
n the fund, each State to havs its proportion, its
Senate.
distributive share, according to the ratio prescribed
This was the plain import of the language used
and there wis nothing in the words "common Jmd'
which at all varied or m any way qualified the
meaning.   In the case of a grant to A, in trust foi
the use andbeneht of B, C, and D, the fund would
be a common fund, whether so declared or not, but
the beneficial interest would be several.   Nor was
the meaning at all affected, as some had contended
it was, by the words m the concluding clause,
"and shall be faithfully and bona fidt disposed of
for that purpose, ard for no other use or purpose
whatsoever."   Disposed of for what purpose? The
word  referred to an antecedent member of the sen
tence, and supposed the substantive object of the
grant to have been previously declared and stated.
Aud what was it?   Why, to form "a common fund
for the use and benefit of such of the United States
&c. Virginia inclusive," &c. That was the declared
purpose of the grant, and that was the purpose foi
which the lands were required to be sold.   The
words "according to the usual respective proportion'
t  the general charge and expenditure" were used
not to designate the object or purpose of the grant
but to give a measure of apportionment, and Irmi
and fix the respective interests of the States in thi
fund    The short and true reading of the deei
then was, that the cession was a grant to the Con
federation by one member of it, for the use ant
benefit of itself and the several other members ol
it, respectively, to be shared by them m the propor
tions specified.   Such was clearly the nature anc
effect of the cession under the Confederation; anc
had the substitution of the prrsent Constitution and
Government   in  the place of the Confederatiot
woiked any change in the rights of the States to thi
fund?   Whether it had or not, would be seen fron
the Constitution itself:
1 The Congress shall have powei to dispose of and make a]
needful rule:* and regulations respecting the territory or othe
property belonging to the United Slates, and nothing in tin
Constitution shall ce so construed as to prejudice any claim c
the United Slates, or of any particular State "
"Alt debts contracted, and engagements entered mío, befor
the adoption of this Constitution, shall be aa valid against th
United ¡States under this Constitution as under the Confesteri
tion "
These provisions of the Constitution, whicl
were the only ones having any bearing upon thi
question, instead of extinguishing or impairing
in any degree, the obligation of the compacts o
cession, saved and confirmed all the ameceden
rights springing out of them. The new Constitu
tion superseded the old Confederation, but the trus
continued a subsisting and binding trust, and th
beneficial interest in the lands remained, as be
fore, in the States. If it had so happened that th
trust could not now be executed in the precis
manner designated and directed by the deed o
cession, then, according to well known and esta
blished principles, it was to be executed as nearl
m that manner as was practicable, or in sue
other way as would give effect to the^trust. 1
Congress could not apportion the fund among th
States in the mode specified aud prescribed, it wa
bound to adopt such other course as would a¡
proximate in its results the nearest to thi
mode.
Such, Mr. P. said, was his reasoning upon th
question at the last session, and what he had no\
said upon it was little else than a repetition, in sut
stance, of what he then said. Distribution, h
would repeat, was, in his judgment, the right o
the States. Justice not only required it, but it wa
demanded by considerations of policy of the higl
est and moit weighty nature. He thought th
thanks of the country were due to the honorabl
Senator who originally ¡brought forward the pre
position. It was a wise, just, and conciliator
measure, and Mr. P. would venture to Ely fha
amon°- all the mea&ures which the honorabl
Senator from Kentucky had originated,, an
which had rendered, and would, m future histor
render his name signally conspicious, the mei
sure of distribution, above all others, would be r
garded by posterity as the highest and stronge
svidence of his wisdom, his sagacity, his enlargi
and enlightened patriotism.
Mr. P. said there was one other topic, not ve
intimately connected, it was true, with the sabjt
before the Senate, upon which he wished to say
