96____________________                 APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.__________________   Jan. 1841.
Ü6tií Cong.--"2nd Sess.                                   Pre-emption Bill—Mr. Mangum,                                                                       Senate.
■w«ld or twg. It was a topic which had arisen
rather incidentally in the couroe of the discussion,
and he neticed it, not because it had any imme-
diate bearing upon the merits of the main question,
but on account of its general importance, and for
the purpose of expressing his dissent from some
of the doctrines which gentlemen had taken occa-
sion to advance upon it.
It bad been said that the States had the un-
qualified and exclusive right to determine and fix
the qualifications of electors, and might by their
Constitutions -or laws admit whomsoever they
pleased, whether citizens or aliens, to vote in elec-
tions either oí S ate or Federal officers. To that
doctrine Mr. P. could by no means agree. It was
not only, m his opinion, repugnant to sound, ac-
knowledged principle* of national policy, but was
incompatible with the express provision and plain
object and intention of the Constitution ot the
United States.
The Constitution gave to Congress the power
"to establish a uniform rule of naturalization "
The power thus given was, from its very nature,
national, and, though not made so in express terms,
was of course exclusive, as much so as the power
to regulate commerce, or the power to declare war.
The States beiDg one nation under the Constitution,
and these powers being all equally and strictly na-
tional m their nature and character, they could be
exercised only by the National Government. It
would be inconsistent with the nature of the Union,
and ihe objects of the General Government, to al-
low either of the powers to be exercised by the
States. Congress wag empowered to establish a
uniform rule of naturalization, and for the purpose
of securing uniformity on a subject of such nigh
national concern, the power was surrendered by
the States and vested in the General Government.
It was to be borne m mind that no one could be
a citizen of any State without being a citizen oí
the United Staies. The Constitution declares that
"the cilizens of each Slate shall be entitled to all
the privileges and lmmumues of citizens- in the
several States." A citizen of any one State, there-
fore, must have the rights and privileges, of a citi-
zen in every other Stale; and this consideration
alone, if nothing eke would do it, demonstrated
the utter repugnancy and incompatibility of the
«Krcise of the power by the States. It was true
that ¡t was> once supposed, and indeed even held by
the judiciary, that the States possessed a concur-
rent ««thorny in the matter of naturalization, but,
considering the nature and purpose of the power,
and that such concurrent authority would render
the power entirely nugatory and wholly defeat its
policy, the error which prevailed for a time had at
length given way to rounder reasoning and more
comprehensive and enlightened views upon the sub-
ject, so that it might now be considered as tettled
and astablwhed that the power was execlusive.
The power of naturalization given in the Con-
stitution, Mr. P. said, necessarily implied that no
one could be a citizen, or enjoy the lull rights of a
citizen, who was not such by nativity of birth, ex-
cept by naturalization. Every one, therefore, was
an ali«n who was not a citizen, either native or na-
turalized, and the question was, could the elective
franchise be given to ahem, to persons who owed
no allegiance to the country, but were bound by
allegiance to a foreign country, which was the le-
gal condition of every alien? If the States could
not exercise the power of naturalization, could
they confer all the essential civil and political
rights and privileges which naturalization gave? If
they could not directly, m a legal and constitutional
sense, make an alien a citizen, could they give him
all the right  which belonged to a citizen, and thus
indirectly, but substantially, exercne the power of
naturalization? It appeared to Mr. P. to be very
plain that they could not. The Constitution of the
United States was the supreme law of the land,
and it was hardly necessary to say that every State
Cansatation or law which was repugnant to any of
its provisions was of no validity, and could confer
no rights. If an alien, without naturalization,
could have and enjoy all she rights, civil and politi-
cal, which properly appertained to a citizen, he
would be, to every intent and purpose, a citizen in
every thing but in name.    There would be nothing
left of his alienism but a mere attraction.
Mr. P. said it was very clear to him that the
right to vote in political elections could only be be-
stowed upon citizens, native or naturalized The
supreme power, according to the theory of the
American Governments, rested wholly in the citi-
zens, or, in the language of the Constitution, in the
people—a word evidently used as synonymous with
citizens—and it might beaassumed, as an elementary
principle in our potitical institutions, that the exer-
cise of the powers of Government could be dels-
gated by none but citizens, and only to citizens.
Citizenship, on the general principles of law and
reason, was essential to the capacity of an elector.
Though every citizen might not be an elector, no
one could be an e'ector who was not a citizen. It
was true, the States might superadd, or dispense
with, other qualifications, but they could not give,
of dispense with, the fundamental one of citizen-
ship. They might, perhaps, repeal the common
law, which disabled an alien to hold land , and
give him all the rights of property; they might, per-
haps, remove other disqualifications, and a'low him
to be a juror, or to enjoy other civil rights depend-
ing on municipal regulation and of mere mun ci-
pal concern. But when they added to these civil
rights the political privileges which belonged only
to a citizen, such as the exercise of the elective
franchise, which was the highest function of a ciu-
zed, and was of general and national concern, the
constituency of the State Governments being the
constituency of the General Government, thty did
that in substance, it not in form, which was pal'
pably at variance wuh the meaning, spirit, and po-
licy of the Federal Constitution.
Mr BUCHANAN said that, as he was very
fríenJly to sarly nuiriag«s, he oould not consent to
vote for the amendment, and, indeed, on a little
reflection, he was persuaded the Senator from
Connecticut would never find it in his heart to de-
prive a youug fellow who was under twenty-one,
and had an affectionate wile ot eighteen, from get-
ting a pre emption right and settling down in life
As to our Western boys, he believed many of them
were disposed to many early, and he thought that
those who did so, ought not lo be discouraged from
going into the new country. Give them a fair
chance, and even those who were not married, let
them go and erect a log cabin, and get it ready to
accommodate a wife immediately after they should
be twenty one He thought it would be rather a
refieelioiuon the Senate should they refuse so
small a boon The provision in the bill could
do no harm, and he could not consent to strike
it out.
Mr SMITH of Connecticut «aid his colleague
had proposed an amendment which he deemed a
very proper one, and that he should have given his
vote for it with great cheerfulness, had a vote been
taken upon it, but he did not feel disposed to sustain
the one now offered by him. He remarked that if
the settlement and cultivation of the new lands
were primary considerations with the people of
this nation, collectively or individually, he thought
Ihe people of the old States would feel as deep an
interest in the disposition as those of the new; and
it was his opinion that the inhabitants of the old
States, and especially tho&e of the Eastern Stales,
would be quite as much benefited, if not more, by
pre emption law^, than tho«e of the new Had
there not been (said Mr S ) great inducements to
the enterpn ing people of the Eastern States—and
none were more enterprising than the people of
Connecticut, whom he, in part, had the honor to
represent—to emigrate and settle upon the new
lands at ihe West, there would probably have been
as dense a population at this time in many ©f the
old States, or nearly so, as in the most crowded
European States, and he was not disposed to check
the spirit of emigrat on, by which they were so
signally marked, and from which so much personal
benefit had been derived, and he was disposed to
give them every advantage that they could have by
emigration, not as an inducement to go, but, if they
were disposed to go, as a compensation for the
many sacrifices they were compelled to make, in
leaving a well cultivated land, with all the conve-
niences and comforts it afforded them, for a wild
and uncultivated country, where deprivation? and
hardships surrounded them for many >ears Often
families moved with only the means of carrying
them there, and without any thing to purchase or
pay for bread after their arrival. Pre-emption
rights, in such cases, would be very valuable to
them, and often equal to a small capital They
had only to select a farm and go to work, and be-
fore they were called upon for payment, their farms
were sufficiently cleared to enable them, not only to
support their families, but raise and spare produce
enough from them to pay for the land Pre-emption
rights will enable a great many worthy citizens to
move into a new country, where they will soon rise
wnh the country, from poverty to wealth, they are
there enabled to take rank among their neighbors,
and in society which is gratifying to their ambition,
and to give full scope to u eful talents which other-
wise might have lam dormant, and been smothered
and stifled by the cold chills of poverty. A young
man without means, by hiring himself out for a
few years, as was the custom in the New England
States, could earn moiey enough to buy bim a
good farm, upon which he could rear a respectab'e
and useful family, and make him a valuable home
for life The impulse that is given to society by
such citizens, the ruing West furnishes us with the
most ample evidence. It was no uncommon thing
to see those who had thus commenced in life, even-
tual y become prosperous and wealthy. There
were men in the Western country now worth fifty,
sixty, and even a hundred thousand dollars, who
had gone to that countiy with an axe, and when
they went were not worth the clothes they wore.
By hiring out and laboring for others, at ten or fif-
tetn dollars a month, they earned and saved enough
to buy mini a piece ot land, and by industry and
integrity, and strict attention to business, had
gained for themselves valuable reputations, and
were among the most valuable and respectable of
our citizens. A man in the Eastern States, who
had a family which he found it difficult to main-
tain, would move to the West, bringing with him
his family, and among them, frequently, sons,
healthy, and with good constitutions, between the
ages of eighteen and twenty one it was a common
occurrence. When he arrived at the West, the
services and labor of the sons would command high
wages, and they were not backward in taking ad-
vantage of it, and would hire out and labor for
others, while the father would clear and subdue a
piece of land for himself, and in a little mi hile the
sons, from their wages, would be enabled to pur-
chase and own farms of their own. Thus pleasant
neighborhoods were formed, having similar and
congenial habits, and there were nearly whole
towns in the Western country which had been set-
tled by people originally moving from the same
neighborhood in the Eastern States, and though far
removed from their native land, were in the full en-
joyment of all the social relations and pleasures that
are so endearing to man
The young and inexperienced members of the
family, thus settled and established near, and in the
vicinity of the parents, could easily avail them-
selves of their experience, and receive their advice
and friendly aid The advantages derived from
society thus formed and constituted, boih to indivi-
duals and th~ public, Mr S said, were too apparent
to be doubted, and he had a strong desire to aid
them in their prosperity, and certainly should not
known gly do any thing to prevent it.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he wished the hono-
rable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr Bdciunan]
had furnished a i«ore practical commentary than
he had done on his own doctrine of early mar-
riages. Mr H. had no desire to prevent ihe pros-
perity of enterprising young men, who chose to
marry early, and they were embraced in that pro-
vision of the bill which gives the right of pre-emp-
tion to "every person, being the head of a family,"
but he could not consent to give this privilege to
minors who were yet single, as this bill does, under
the description of a "single man over the age of
eighteen years " In regard to the latter class, he
was inclined to "follow in the footsteps" of our
"predecessors," esteeming their policy on this sub-
ject to be a wise one.
Mr. MANGUM, said that after the last votes
