«00
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
36th Com(j--2nd Sess.                                    Pre-emption Law— Mi. Clay of Ky_______________Senate.
was not a member of the Senate when what he re-
ferred 'o as the longest stssio  ever known was
held, but, I ask, what w&s the cause of the protract-
ed lengtlt of mat session1! If any one would know,
let him look at the volumes—I think there are not
Je$s than six—yes, six large volumes of "panic"
memorials—which were then sent up and flooded
both Houses. And let him remember Hie long and
eloquent speeches which, for the most p^rt, aecom
eompamed their presentation, intended to convince
the American people that they were the most op-
pressed, impoverished, and ruined nation that ever
existed. And all for whai? Why, simply with a
view to have the deposites restored to the United
States Bank. And are we to be charged wi'h the
protraction of sesuonb of Congress whrn the true
cause is so manifest' General Jackson has now
retired to the Heimitage, and may perhaps live to
have the judgment of posterity as it were passed
upon him. He was an able, sagac ous, and truly
patnotic man, and I now say that those of us, it
there be any such, who shall survive during a
quarter of acentury longer, will live t> see the day
■when Jackson's name and fame shall be cherished
alike by persons of all political parties During
the late uemendous Presidential canvass, atmdit
all the thousand speeches which were made, who
denounced him? Not one, at least in my part of
the country, and I personally know at least one,
and he a man fot mei ly opposed to General Jack-
son, who then lauded him to the very echo Were
that distinguished man nov in powei, I would not
speak of him the hiah opinion I entertain, but now,
when praise from me or any one el e can no longer
be suspected to proceed irom selfish, motives, my
heart dictates to me to do him the fullest justice
which my tongue can accomplish.
And now, as to the extravagance of the present
Administration, have we not repe?tedly calk d on
gentlemen who so loully urged the "eneral char-"
to specify particulars? Mr Van Btnen inhcrittu
the war with ihe Indians m Flon I1 He came into
power incumbered wuh an immense debt for the re-
moval of the Indian tribes west of the Missi sippi,
and he entered on the Presidency j st at iht com-
mencement of a great fiscal revulsion, which, af-
fecting the business concerns of the whole country,
dried up ihe sources of revenue He had to en-
counter every conceivable obstacle to a prosperous
financial admmi'tratmn of the Governrmnt The
Senator from Kentucky [Mr Csittenden] can
very readilv give us thj aggregate of expenditure
which has accrued, but that is not the question. If
the experditure ol a large sum was rendered neces-
sary by the state of the country, who is to blame?
Nobody If the gentleman can go to the «cords,
which are all open to his inspection, and point out
extravagant and illegitimate charges on the 1 rea-
sury, the Administration must answer for it But
whilst he merely deals in the gio s, without ren-
dering ai y bill of particulars to prove thai the \ a-
nous expenditures were wasteful and extravagant,
his' chaige falls harmless to the ground. Genera),
indefinite accirationa of this kind amount to no-
thing If this country were engaged in a just and
defensive war, the etptnses attending it would no
doubt be enormous, but would their mere magni-
tude or nst ute in lUelf a just charge against any
Administra on? Surely not The chaige of extra-
vagance in th  present case is jdvanced m he very
face of documents going to show that ihe regular
expenditures oí he Government ever which the
Executive has hau any contrrl, have been in a
course of gradual dimi i ilion from j ear to ycai I
sincerely hope that in this itspeel General Ilarnson
may "walk in tht footsteps oi hi  predecessor " I
make no war on General Harnson in advance—it
w not my nature. I will ju'ge of his acts fairly,
and if he shall go opt of office, ifer foar year ,
«nth as little just complaint on the y ound ot ex
travagance, a-> Martin Van Bjr n will do, I shall
consider his administration a most ft rtunAie one m
this particular.
On tíiedoetrine of pre-emption, I f.nd my<e f sus
taming the opinions of General Hariiscn igainst
his friends here He gave the strongest t \ dence,
by his actio  when m the Senate, that he was then
ih° friend of pre emption
Mr Benton He professed ih same thinj m
his letters wntien last summer
Mr BOCH4NAN I do not know any thing as to
what he may have wri ten last summer
Mr. Benton    I do
Mr Bhchínan If he adVeies to his pnnciplfS,
he is in favor of pre-emption slill.
In regard to the Sec etary ot the Treasury, al-
though politically hio friend, I may say that my m-
tercouise with him has not been very familiar I
shall not enter on tne question of the merits of his
style as a writer; but 1 think I can =ee very clear
ly, from Tvhat he states, how our revenue from im-
ports during the year may amount to $19,000,000
The public papei? state that the business of the
country i? reviving, that there have been more arri-
vals lately than during the same period for several
years past, and can it beotheiwis '! Prom the in-
debtedness of the country for s me time past, it
wa& out of the question to extend our importations.
The laws of trade and the interests of individuals
alike forbade it We were obliged to pay up our o d
deb 3 before we could contract new ones That
time has now parsed away We are not now in
deb', as apeople, to Europ", c«ept for the accru
mg interest on State bonds Tie shackles have
have fallen off from our loreign commerce, and i
now floats freely. The countr/ *s exhausted of
foreign goodr, and now importation^ will naturally
increase to fitl up the vacuum Commerce from
abroad will naturally pour nto our seaports, and
the revenue' o the yeir arc, in my jnd'muit, like-
ly to reach $19,000,000 at the leas, rd I have
paid no small dtgree of attention to the subject
1 have no wish to embarraos the administra-
tion of G*n ral Ha nson by leaving on his hands an
empty Treasury, and I am free to say that I vvoul I
rather we had bee n distinctly informed by the Se-
cietary of the Treasury, at tit, commencement ot
the session, that we must provide $5,000,000, but
ought oui succes ors to complain if th  issue of
Titasury c ts to this amount'! They have now
ill the oenci t ef this argument ayninsi us, and they
wi'l have the advantage of the money also We
shall maki provision for giving to General Harri-
son'- admimstrati in a peaceful and prosperous
i ommencement, and I think the Seaau r, win n his
friends enter into poner, will find t*>at we have
swept out the house, And leí t it in a comfortable
condition for his reception And, so fai from clcii -
ing out the Treasury, we shall give our successcrs
§5,000,000 to commence housekeeping upon
I conclude by repeating that I am m favor of
this pre-emption bill, and equally in fav< r of the
old and long tried land system, and that I hav< ytt
seen no new project which will induce me u> de-
part from it
Mr CIA Y o! Kentucky said he should be much
obliged to the distinguished Senator from Pennsj 1-
vaniaif he would furnish (Le Senate wi h some of
those strong reasons which went to "illustrate the
probability of a conjecture'' that there would be
$19,000,0110 of revenue received at ihe Treasury
during the present yeai The hirorable Senatoi,
said Mr C h.s inferred to the papcis otthe day as
declaring that a considerable revival of business
has already taken plae^ So there has, thank God,
since the tesult of ihe list election has been known
But I greatly doubt v hether tne levenue will at
oice startup from £13 000 000 to $10 000,000
within a single ye^r It is too gieat a leap, const
dering the conditun in which the Treasury was
left «s, an 1, before I cm be'isie it, I rmri have
■•orne specification of the Oiounds (n which to build
such a belief
The honorable Senator spoke of Gen Jackson,
and made that an occas on f r pioiiouncirg a eu-
logy upon his friend Now, I tail not a wcid
concerning Gea Jack-on per oaally, but direc ed
what I had to sa) to bis Admimstn ion Tne Se-
nator, howevei, h°s said, and the de< lsration is to
his honoi, that the eulogy he pronounce! was
prompted by h s heart. Tb?t the la e Minister to
the Court of the Emperor of ad the Russias should
feel some emotions of gratitude towards his distin-
guished patron, was to be expected, and the Sena-
te would certainly be to blame if it were not so
I certainly shall be the last to find fault with him
for giving expression to that gratitude.
It seem«, however, according to the honorable
Senator, that poor Mr Van Buien came into power
under very disadvantageous circumstances. It
may be so, and, what is «till more unfortunate,
these disadvantageous circumstances have been ag-
gravated during every j ear since by an excess of
$8 000,000 a year ir> our expenditures over the re-
ceipts at the Treasury But this was only the poor
gentleman's mts/or/une The honorable Senator
tells us not to confine ourselves to general charges,
but to go into the items of the account. That we
will do when we get the papers We have called
on the Secretary of the ¿treasury and on the head
of the Post Office Depaitment in vain, there is in
their possession a great class of papers which are
not to be seen, bu' such a^ the most piofliga e Ad-
ministration ever known in England could never
have dared to withhold from the investigation of
Parliament Give us. the papers, and we will pre-
sent him with items cnougn, and will show to him
and to all the wjrld the lmmen<e and extravagant
expenditures of the Administration now going out
of power. Bui the comm m sense of the people is
guided by no „uch indu^ti n of particulars Tbey
cannot go into all the minute items of a long
account They will look &l the tooting of the
bill, they will compare the present with the
past, and promises with performance But
if the honorable Sena'or challenges us to
lfms, I could occupy days together in showing
more than, perhaps, he would like to see. It is
true that Mr. Van Buren was very unfortunate,
he was a sort ot codicil to a previous Administra-
tion, and, ihough most willing to "follow m the
fix tsiepi of his illustrious predecessor," has some
times mistaken th- path, and nas been unable to
regain it Wny, my God1 can the Senator be seri-
ous in asking Gen Harrison to follow m the foo'-
steps of Martin Van Bureri"! If he should,
one event would follow which the gentle-
man, perhap , would be df lighted to see—the feot-
•t p  would lead him to just such another 'e ult as
we are now witnessing But, for myself, I hope for
Gen Harrison better things I trust he will avoid
tho e devious and downward paths m which his
pred cessors have walked I hope he will blaze
lor himself a new WAy m the forest I hope he
will put an end to thoie multiplied abuses which
have prostra ed the institutions of the country and
brought th- country itself dovn to its present low,
wtak, degraded, and miserable condition I trust
he will belter fulfil his promises and pledges as to
a wise and prosperous administration of our public
affaus
The Sena'or tells u5 that he i a greai friend to
our old and well tried land system, mat he will not
, dtbiirb i, but is ii no alteration of that system to
sustain a b 11 which goes to supersede some of its
most important provisions1 He tells us that Gen
Harrison is a pre empboner, and that he is advo-
tmg the doctrines oi G"n Hatnson against his
filends here But where, I ask, is the evidence of
his friendship for our land system and his unwil-
lingness io di<turb it, when he opposes such a just
and reasonable re tnction as is now proposed, and
leaves the bill almost boundless m its application
and interminable in point of time'!
The Senator over the way, (Mr Clay of Ala-
bama,) thought no part of my objections worthy of
the least notice but that in reference to the loss of
the sixteenth section reserved in every township
for the purposes of education He says my fears
on that suhjei t are groundle s, and my representa-
l ons deceptive, because the sitieenth section ¡s al-
leady reserved by a prcv.'ion m the bill That is
matter of cons'ruction It is not reserved by the
wolds oe the bill Suppose a man s iculd settle on
the iixteentli section, (and how are > ongoing to
prevnt htr*l) When it is fopnd that that is a
<-ood section, and has feeen «ettled on, you will b-
immediately ppphed to to change th" «cnool section
in that lown^hip for another Have we seen no
thing like this in times past?
But the Senator «a d that I bal always waned
against the new Sfa e , ?n 1 against the people of
hi  Suta m par icalar I deny it, I íepudiate the
charge. It is his interpolation of my course, but
I plead Io his jurisdiction, and I deny the truth of
his accusation    No, sir, it is the Senator himself
