■10                           ________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                 Feb. 1841.
26th Cong...-2nd Sess.                                 Pre-emption Law—Mr. Hubbard.________________________________       Senate.
Governor of that Commonwealth—that the matters
in controversy between the two Governments have
already been delayed too long; and I am unable to
discover any disposition on the part of the British
Government to bring them to any amicable arrange-
ment.   And it seems to me not very improbable,
that her recent triumphs in India may induce her to
insist upon her claims upon this side of the Atlan-
tic with more pertinacity—claims which,if admitted,
will not only affect the interest, but will disturb the
peace and harmony of the State which I have the
honor m part to represent.   All I have to say is,
that, in view of these matters, it cannot be the part
of wisdom to be scattering to the winds of Heaven
the very means required to put the country in a
state of defence—to abstract from the Treasury
that portion of the public revenues upon which we
can only rely with confidence in a state of war.
No, sir; let us, at a time libe thií, husband all our
resources; let us, at a time like this, when peace is
within our borders, be prepared for the last resort
of nations; let us not exhibit the extraordinary and
unpatriotic spectacle of deliberating, at this end of
ths Capiiol, about distributing the public revenue,
while, at the other end, the Administration is taunt-
ed, not only with an exhausted Treasury, but even
with having involved the country iu a forly millions
debt, and thus charged by the political friends of
those w ho, on this floor, now propose to divide among
the States the small means we have.    This is no
sketch of fancy, but matter of fact.    I hope, sir, to
be excused for this departure from my subject—for
this course oí remark.   It has been indulged in for
no other purpose but to show forth the true charac
ter of the proposition now before the Senate, and to
show furiher, that at this eventlul period of our his-
tory,it ought not to receive the deliberate considera-
tion of this assembly.   I will, however, proceed to
discuss the nature and effect of the pending motion.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crit-
tenden] has submitted an amendment to the pre-
emption bill    The direct object of his amendment
is to effect a distribution among the States of that
portion of the revenue derived from the sales of the
public lands, and is it not somewhat strange that
the Senator has proposed his amendment?   Certain
if is that it has no connection with the pre emptton
measure—it has no affinity with that policy—it is
an entirely different subject matter.    The pre-
emption bill reported from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands looks to the convenience, the interests,
the rights, of actual settlers.   It seeks to encourage
the settlement of the public domain, it proposes no
diminution in ths price of the lands; it does not
contemplate any abstraction from the Treasury of
any part oí thepublic  revenue, or any reduction of
receiptf, but so far from it, while it seeks to pro-
tect the honest letller, it sustains also, in good faith,
the interests of the public.   These are among the
objects of the pre-emption bill.   True it is, that it
has been charged with being a bill to squander and
to waste the public domain.   True it is that it has
been charged as fraught with all manner of evils.
But these charges are, in my judgment, without
foundation    The policy of this measure, and the
objpctions made to it, I have, on a former occasion
doring the session, attempted to sustain and to an-
swer.    But I again ask, why hat. the amendment
been brought forward, unless to defeat the pre-
emption bil?   The Senator from,Kentucky most
remote from me, [Mr. Clay,] said that if the pre-
emption and the graduation bills were abandoned,
his colleague would withdraw at once his amend-
ment!   The Senator does not seem to anticipate
that the amendment can become a law at this ses-
sion; but he looks upon it as a means of defeating
the pre-emption msasure    Now, sir, I am in favor
of the latter.   I  hope no proposition will be sus-
tained which will prevent its passage.    In my
judgment, it is founded on justice and right, and
well deserves the support of the Senate. But I have
felt somewhat surprised that the Senator fi om Ken-
tucky—a distinguished member of the ratty soon
to come into power—should have brought forward
this proposition at this embarrassed stale and con-
di>i< n of the public Treasury.
The Secretary, m his annual report upon the
finances, presented to the Senate at the commence-
ment of the present session of Congress, estimates
the ordinary available means for the year 1841 a1
$24,723,473, and the disbursements for the same
year at $23,899,200, leaving in the Treasury at the
close of the present year only $824 273 subject to
draft. And with a lull knowledge of these facts,
the Senator brings forward his amendment. Cer-
tain it is that he could not have offered it at a more
inauspicious at a more unfavorable period of time.
At the very moment the friends of the present
Administration are endeavoring to provide the ne-
cessary means to sustain the Government for the
current year, those opposed, in the language of
one of our public journals,
"Are preparing to squander among the States that portion of
the revenue derived horn the public lands The annual in
come from this source will average $3 500 000, and if given to
the States, will make also a deficiency in the revenue of
the Federal Government of &3 500 000, and from the mannei
m which the public land question is generally discuss d one
would imagine that the people who pay the State debts and
those who support the federal Government, aie not one and the
same, and, theiefore, all that can bo diverted from the lattei ri
so much made The fact is, that the revenue of the Federal
Government is to be paid by the whole people m the most eco
nomical way possible The proceeds of the public land5" take
nothing out of the pockets of the people, although whenap
plied to the uses oí the Government, that is kept out which
otherwise would flow in A revenue from duties is adirect
tax upon every consumer of imported goods, and levied m the
most expensive manner The less there is raised in this man
ner, therefore, the better If the proceeds of the lands areap
piopnatedto the payment of the debts due by the people as
¡states, a ta^, in theiliape of duties, must he laid to raise the
same amount, to pay the debts due by the people as a Federal
Union The sameairount of money must be paid in either
case—with this diffeience that, as the proceeds or the public
lmds are now applied they go m the most economical way to
their proper object Whereas, if they are given to the States,
they will come into the handsof ^peculatois and will besqnan
deredaway, stmiul uing new lebts, and lea hng to new taxes '
The sentiments above expressed are sound,
statesmanlike, and patriotic Tneir truth will be
known; their moral force must be felt and acknow-
ledged
This is no time to agitate the question. It is pro-
posed by its friends, that it shall not go into opera-
tion until January, 1842, What may be the con-
diuon of the Treasury at that time cannot be cer-
tainly known, but sure I am, that the best friends
of the policy in this Senate would not desire to see
the proposition become a law at this session. Be-
fore such a project should find favor with any one,
the means to supply the deficiency should be pro-
vided. If its friends wish to carry out this policy
of distribution—if they desire to preserve the
appearance ot ordinary justice—they should take
the occasion to enforca their project when the
Treasury is overflowing—when more means are
possessed than are wanted—when, in fact, we have
a surplus revenue. Mr President, I represent a
non debtor State, and under no circumstances could
the proposition find favor with me.
It is contended that a distribution of that portion
of the revenue from the public lands ought to be,
made, because such proceeds rightfully belong lo
the States as separate and independent communi-
ties, that, by the deeds of cession, an obligation is
imposed upon Congress to distribute the avails
among the respective State , as the hnds were ex-
pressly ceded to the United States for the exclusive
use and benefit of the States, that the provision of
the Constitution giving authority to Congress to
dispose of the territory of the United States includes
necessarily the power of distribution, and that it
would be a proper exercise of the discretion invest-
ed in Congress over this whole subject to make the
distribution. In the course of the argument it has
been conceded that these lands were pledged for the
payment of the debt of the Revolution, and it is
said that, as that debt has been satisfied, they can
no longer be withheld from the Slates. There
seem to be some strange and very erroneous opi-
nions entertained with ieference to the rights of the
States, and to the power of the General Govern-
ment, over that part of the public domain acquired
by the deeds of cession, and we must look into
tho«e deeds in order to ascertain the rights of the
parties, for this may now be legarded as a claim
set up by the respective States, against the
Uni'ed Siate«, so far as it respects the
lands embraced in those conveyances Now, it will
be found that, by the lerms of the cession, the lands
conveyed were not charged wuh the payment of the
debt of the Revoluion. There is not to be found a
word or a sentence favoring any such idea. But, j
were it so, there is an objection which presents
itself at once against the distribution as proposed,
because the debt of the Revolution remains undis-
charged. At this very period of our history there
is annually drawn from the Treasury, for ihe pay-
ment of the pensions granted for military service
in the Revolution, a sum equal to the average an-
nual proceeds from the sales of the public lands.
But let us look into the record—let us examine the
deeds of cession, and see what sort of title was con-
veyed thereby to the United States. It is perfectly
true, as the Senator from Kentucky has remarked,
that the Confederacy derived no essential benefit
from any of the deeds of cession, except from that
executed by the State of Virginia. As early as
1780, New York (I suppose very magnanimously)
made what was then stated to be a large cession of
her domain to the Urned States But I could have
wished that the Senator from New York, who bas
addressed the Senate upon this subject, had inform-
ed us where those lands were situated. If I am,
able to c mprehend the description contained
in her deed of cession, the lands lying west
of the straits of Niagara are wnhin the do-
minions of her Majesty, Q,ueen Victoria. Mas-
sachusetts also, in terms, conveyed to the United
Stales the same territory described in the deed of
cession from New York. From their conveyance
the United States have derived no pecuniary aid.
It is possible that they may have contributed to the
arrangement of the western boundary between the
United States and the provinces of Canada, as es-
tablished by the treaty of peace m 1783. The
terms of all these deeds of cession were essentially
■he same I have made the subjoined extract from
tha> executed by Virginia.
' fhat all the lands within the ten itory so ceded tothe United
States, shall be considered as a common fund for the use and
benefit olsuch ol the United Mates as have become or shall be
come, members ol the Confederation or Federal alPance of the
said ¡states, Virginia inclusive, ucoidmg to their usual respec
live proportions in the genet d charge and expenditure, and
shall be faithfully and bona fide disposed of for that purpose,
and for no other use or purpose whatsoever "
If the State of Virginia had any estate in the
lands to grant, it was clearly conveyed to the
United States by the deed, who were as clearly en-
titled to hold the interest thus transferred. There
was no reservation qualifying the right of the
United States under this deed, except what is con-
tained in the foregoing extract. And it is from
this paragraph alone that it has been heretofore
contended, and in the course of the debate again
urged, that is derived the rights of the separate
Sta'es to the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands—that from this clause in the deed of cession
is inferred the obligation which it is alleged rests
upon Corgress to make distribution of the avails
ot the lands among the respective States. It is
from this extract that the friends of the measure
contend that the lands were granted to the United
Slates for the sole use and benefit of the eestm que
trust—the separate States. These are most extra-
ordinary positions, wholly unsustamed, in my
judgment, by the terms of the deed. It would be
difficult to find language which could be used with
more appropriateness to create an absolute estate in
the United States.
Notwithstanding, it is contended that the United
States were made the trustees of the several States.
That all the beneficial interest was reserved to the
States as independent communities. Certain the
fact is, that the United States either acquired by
this deed of cession an absolute fee simp'e estate
to the lands described, or else ¡t became the mere
trustee to hold the lands, for the exclusive use and
benefit of the cestui que trust the individual
States. If the latter, then it is absurd to contend
that the United States might hold these lands until
the debt of the Revolution was paid. There is no
such authority given by the deed. Congress had
no discretion—no power whatever over these lands,
(if the doctrine contended for upon the other side
be correa) but to dispose of them for the sole use
of the States Fiom the moment the seal was put
to the paper—from the moment Congress accepted
the deeds—it must follow, (according to the views
of some of the Senate) that every dollar which has
come into the public Treasury from these lands
has hitherto been appli d, without right and with
out authority, to the public use—that all such pro
ceeds should, from ths commencement of the Go
