ia                                   APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________—J^J^il.
26tb Cong—2nd Sess.                                        Pre-emption Law—Mr. Hubbard.                                                                    Senate.
provision for the support of Government; the fol-
lowing proceeding took place:
In April, 1783, after the passage of the act of
Virginia, agreeing to make a cession of the lands
northwest of the river Ohio to the United States,
the committee, consisting of Mr. Madison, Mr.
Ellsworth, and Mr. Hamilton, appointed to pre-
pare an address to the States, to accompany the
act of the 18th of this month, reported a draft,
which being read and amended, was agreed to
Mr. Madison, it will be recelleotgd, wis one of
Virginia's distinguished sons, aadirom his addiess
I have made the subjoined extract, in oidei te ¡show
ior what use he regarded the terntory to be ceded:
"Thus much for the interest of the national debt for the dis
chacgeof the puncipal within the tetm ¡muted, we lely on the
natural increase of the levenue fiom commeice on lequismons
to be made from time to time tor that purpose, as encumstances
may dictate, aryl on the prospecto/ xacantUirnoiy "
From all these historical tacts there s< em  to ba
no room for doubt that the statesmen avid the pa-
triots of that day regarded thebe cessions as they
should be regarded, if a fair construe ion be ¡ iven
to the deeds themselves, as made for the general
■use of the United States—of conscience tor the
benefit of the people of (he United feutes.
The acts ol the respective Slates making the
cessions to the Geneial Government, veré truly
patriotic. The inteiests, the harmony, the peace,
the prosperity and happiness of the Confederacy
were involved, and ihe grants, lot a tune, gave
stability and strength and confidence to the Go-
vernment. But the fact cannot be controverted,
that by the common blood and the cotnrm n trea-
sure of the whol  country, this extensive doman
was acquired trota the common enemy; and, as 1
have before remarked, the cessttn trom New York
was anterior to the treaty of peace; and yet the
terntory conveyed was by lhat treaty confirmed to
Great Britain. By the charter ot Virginia, hi r
wustern boundary extended to the borders oí tue
Pacific, and yet by the treaty the western boundary
of the United States was limited to the middle oí
the Mississippi. And the grant from Vi gima,
made in 1784, embraces the laud within hei char-
tered limns lying northwest of the 0 no.
1 mention theie (acts to demonstrate that it was
the Revolution and the ueaty consequent upon that
Revolution, which defined the territorial rights, of
the United State*, without regard to the provisions
and limitations oí pre-esistirg Stat" charters. But
I am fres to admit, under the A'ttclesoi Confedera-
tion, it wat magnanimous on the put oí Viremia
and the other ceding States to malte toe cession ,
and thus give quiet to the whole Coniedeiacy 1
cannot, ior a moment, believe that the>c ees ions
impose any obligation on the United Stan s to divide
the proceeds of the lands among the Stat s Th >y
were designed to constitute a common J and—a d
from the commencement of the Goveinmt nt it has
been administered as a common fund. The avails
have made up a part < f the public revenue tor the
use of ihe whole Republic. It must, howevei, b¿
admitted that this trusteeship has been uniformly
inferred from the deeds themselves, and heretofore
the power and obligation to make distributions has
been based upon tho.e conve} anees. That was
the argument of the chairman of the Committee oa
Pubhc Lands in his report communicated to the
Senate upon this subject in lb36? But how is it
now? Both the Senators from Kcn'ucky ; nd ivJas-
sachusetts abandon, and properly abandon, the idea
that the deeds confer this power upon C ingress
They look into the Constitution and content ineru-
Belves with tba express grant of power which that
instrument contains, as furnishing full ai d ample
authority to make the dis nbatu n. 4Not «o m
former days. 1 concur with the honorable Senators
in their conclusions that the deed > of cession im-
pose no such obligation upnn Ccngrcts. But that
was the giound ta en formerly—and that was trie
only giound assumed in the able lerort lo «mih Í
have refeired. But does it not oca ir to eveiy ob-
server that it will not answer to relv upon ¡1 e needs,
because, forsooth, they embrace but a s'mli por-
tion of the public domain? They ri 1st, tmrere,
nnd authority elsewhere, or the oV> c n"ot °e
accomplished. Wkn I came in>o this Senate m
1535, this subject of distributioneorly eng^'edtheir
conside'aiioa, and it was at the session of 1835-6,
that the distinguished Senator irom Ohio maae h.s
report.
I have made the subjoin d extracts, in order to
show the ground then taken; and which ground
seems now t j be abandoned
"Ihe qu slioo of cotisatutionat fiowtr has occup'eI the care-
ful and sedulous attention of the committee, and they hele pre
sent to the ¡senate the course o' reasoning on that subject, whn h
they consider sound and just, ard which has leu ttiem to the
conclusion tint Congiess possesses the powet to dis ill ute the
* iroccedsof thcptib'ichvcis aceoidmg to the pnnciplcs of this
bill
"At the time the deed of cession from Vngmia %as made and
accepted, the Union was held together bv ti c Altje'e tofCon
federation of 1778, which, in its Sth attiLc, piovidis thata'l
charges oí war and othei expenses that snail be incurred for
tile common defence c ttcne al v  !cf ne, a id all iwed by the
United ¡Stafesm Concress v-aeinbtei shall oedeftayed out ofa
common licasuiy, whtoü shtll he supplied by the several
r-Utes ' "
Th^ mode of ileteiiyniin1* the pi iportioo which each of ihe
States shrl! bear of the public cl ai^es is | aiticul nly pointed
on , and it ii thai e pi o* ided th tt ue tavt s lui paying lhat ¡ ro
poi'ion stall be laid and i vied by the aiuhon'y u I d eetion
nf the sc-veial State ' litlis ti'eof t un^s cuerno attic
usrie Oi the d-iivcry ol the \ ovinia deed ot cession, its provi
slo is must lieces inly apply Ilwasli i Coniedeiacy ol in V
pen lent elates, who kepi up a common tic isiny out of lontll-
biiuons horn each 01 its scvei il nieiii^eis, accoidl'gto a de
tcrniin deregulation, tha thi>_üíei was made, i id ilict making
cei tam resol vatiori« specially s t fotth, itdcclnes the trust m
tile lo! owinc" disunit and iiiiequivocM temis 'lhat al!
tee lands within thi tciatoiy so tedf tl to the Uul ed St ites, and
notlesctved ior Ol appropriated loany ol die betele m-niuni ed
purposes, or disposed of m oounttcs to the nlin cr, k d s lidiéis
ol the Americinarmy «halt bennsideted is i common fund
for the use ol such of the turned states is h ive become ot
still! b come,m tnir i of tin Can e leiatl >n, Vm in amela i^e,
aicot img io th it usiitlie pttiiv piopoitions m me cenetai
chaise ami expeiiuituit s, tint sii u a lutbiu'ly mil bona fidt,
ill po i d t 1'iihiti n po i hi fui un i in u hi j uipn
whttsuvei5 I! then, wi nail s ill i ufilin ii 1, i1 j v i t Mb pii
s it lnni af mlcUiatun i| Jf?t s hound t ;.fliei bv ihe
aim its ol 1/?% an 111, n now lile cist, t le f ublu d hi v la
illsihii„ted the public i\] en e" ho ¡obyuve lies tiotn ititi
quartets, and tue ptibhe hnd pouiuu its in I1 ous into ihe
Titasnry, vvhu ou'-bt ( endless, is tin uusc ol thitcimmon
limit, to do With It! It is a tiu^t fund pi leed in the b unh ol
fontíre-s yoi tk< io.e atulhpji fit of the ■¡cieial &'atr^,> and
It is to be disponed ol bona fule' lot that puipose, 'and for
njo'hfi i *e o/1 tapo,ewhuti,ocit) ' ¡so longasthueisapuo
lie 1 til lo be pit 1 tin i land w is v. 11 aj plu d foi tin common
binehtm the piynetuof tint dehi, a^tuc debt wis a common
cii ir^( u m ul, iCcnidin 1 i their i sinl lespcine ptopor
tí i is in Ihe | o i ¡ c M ci nine* A 11 o ¡oí ^ is it was nt is
soy fu th -MP n ( t,ovt iiiim nt us tppliationto lint
pur| est viiiii hi h i i sineiiisin but wueu ih s st He
ol thliui h-isoci id ivlieu t'a proretds ol the public lmds
ue n i I iu i ni et t y ii t oithei ol these ¡ ur¡ scs \ h it is it
tin ( ai y of th' It ' top \ 'own!! H tici-iihii1! in ihe letter and
spiut o¡ tne le d of tin If And «u !, tuieil i ufl lotWfen
nidivi tiiiK, win Id i i nut o t ¡inly eoiq-1 him to del 1 he
awwi i is pi un in 1 oiwnu He not only mi^hl } ay t, but
he wouU Ik Iwundto [i it o\ei to those ior wnosc la ahí lit-
held it If it w-ie ti-t net i s n y to disburse it foi lkemt\ mu t
lesti .i it ta tin ii iu« i^- betwee l in hviiiu U , \ on! 1 je i
pi mi c 1st -uidynur c ininllttee c i i .ot p lielve howl is VI
Hit!, winn [i i led between States and i lions It tin n, -we
had ieio in ~ I iwcwch mi mlu is d ttie oldt'imle ei ilion t
I ic ( on mull ii h id un inti i ^ene 1 to ch uue, in iny wise, the
Ktitiooi ol tin ".j u, s 111 ah i ihi ,<r > die whole, it wouid
luvi b fn no1 !v(!c i''i Í ul tfieiiu \ o'f otn,iess ¡ msu mL
tntiie s[!ni 0[ ¡ ,i l( ,| ,! c, esa n ti have listuhuted imon"
tit i\ i il M iiis i!i | un e Sol tin s tlis ol tie'sndoC intameil
with ii fi   In      s h httirrint     tin deiiveiv i id ic cpt mc
olthls d i d ¡in  unti 1 ti s     ntrai-t    m 1 die sbivi  i , a c Hill i
tnthe opio on ul voui committei, Ule pi t construí ion ol that
eo Ul ret
' loin minim tee an hi i n i tu the ( u lusi m that with
l sfiti I to the| i i i dsilallih 'an Is in ith o the '1st dio-iee nt
iati ttie and- tolllieM's Ksippi nvti, 1 oiutess not ordy h is
the c i IstittltlO! l! i owe loililke the pioposed dlsttlhulnii! but
it is ado y e ip i ed on them by a eontiact which is recogni e 1
and i loptt d by the ( onsuttition
"As to the lint lyins wi hm the hott uls ot (he ouginal put
chase of Lmisia n an 1 Flondi, oui ujit so to 'p'ily it icsts
upon ti ss suisfu t ry ^rounds We h ive no eompict o niei i n
in" it-no coos un l m Iptovision oranv i reement teei gui-pd
bv toe O instil aunt, which c\piessiv luthoi zed the y i/it/oíse
i ítb       1 l uou         ft loi >   ti  wh   h  ti! tus ii e I md so p ti
eli i     '  in  lb       ii      ii   il  ii with that w uch wis ui^maliy
ti in I in lio L      its  by the s, ,te, >
Ui s vi-*?, t a f t rnr>,t, tip ii. Rut tnisco'i's^ oí
retornos; wi 1 lot lead to tne desired conclusions,
and h  nee the ra;ui v-a is n it no i res irted io, and
the hotiuta'j'c fjenatfis over the vay look 11 yon t
the tVeis .-'OtheCoi lUi'im for powei to n a' e
the d stnb'it on. 8 ti sw, I opios-ibe tclittne on
everf ¡? ound I cuiterd tha' there is no obligation
on Cenotes*;, grown s; out of ¡he deee! , lo i ,>lie a
df-triba ¡on ft lha pi'lim cf iff revenue dc.ucd
fiom hemiblctanus 1c n cad ha't .erci>popower
exp ess d or ir paed ia ihe tV.- uul or. to pass a
¡avr c if poiiuins: wur tre ameiitimeii p'opo-cd
by the & nator ron K n u ¡Ey ,irij jt sne'j a
ro'crwas n id ubt i', T rontcid *hat U wonid be
grossly rcrnictoi's m i sehecf—t-nju«tto the States,
prejudicial to th-* in crests of tre people, and 'n
e^ery sense ir"pc "i ic an i snoxpeVm
At the su^s oi 0f ih>Kew ilampsbire L«>g!s!i-
tare, in 1337, wVn the snbjtc* of distributing the
avails of the public lands had engaged the attention
of the American people, they íesolvcd that all
manner of unntces-ary taxation, if it have for its
object d'Sliibution, i  high'y detn>j>en'a. to the best
imprests of the whole peop'e, and distribut.on of
the revenue to die States is ccntrary to the true
spirit and meaning of the Con tuution; and if the
practice tf taxirg the peopls; urn ecessanly for that
olject is adopted, wdl Una towards the creation of
a condolida tJ G iveinmtnt, and to the ultimate and
comp'ete dependence ol ths several States upon
thai Guvirnrn'n'. Su-h sere then ihe sentiments
oí th' re p " it my o >n Siate, and very soon, too,
afier th" lamoii'. riport Irom the Comimttee on
Pubic La'ds l.al Ueo five>i to ti e public. But
a this suDj-e h, frj n tha'tune to th.s more or
Uss fr¿a«<-' the  , untiiii ot Congress, the Leans.
la'u">of Ni v Harts ne, at is session in 1839,
pa«.scd re olot-o' o u s,met on which I felt com-
p-h'd to 1  before ip* S-nite, aad, íiora ásense of
duty to my State at d ta my own conscience, ím-
phc tly to observe and c'_ty. The resolutions were
as follow :
"TT/iereas certain piopos'tions ha"ve been before the Con-
ffss tf the United'-'ate hiving lor thru tibiei l the distnbu
mm ot tie pi c eib 01 the «ales of the public lands, and
whcieissucha irei^ure in tfe opu inn ol this I eglsiatute, is
noto ii> u iconstiiutional, hut is caiculatet! touiminish the pub
lie levenue and inirca-e ludtiectta\at.on, by aflording apietest
lot a conn loance of a oigh taiin
Therefoieiesolird oy tie senate and House of Representa-
tives in Ocneiai üouit convered, lint our Stnators mCon-
"les bein'tiuctid, arid the Repiesentatives fiom this State be
íeqiiested, to oppose every attempt to divide theptoceeds of the
sales 11 the public Ian 's anions the seveial states, oi to make
ar\ otliei dtspos nou'hereof ixeept fei the constitutional pur-
inscii ¡lovuhn f n the common wellaie and eencral defence
ol l! i U ite 1 Mates
V. e s-eimtot ífot'i M .si-e-chu^etis contends that
tlu ixpreM. frail' if puwei. coi're-ied upun Con-
gii. * to dispi st oí th pyjlicteri tory be'ongmg to
th; Unit d S a'es, gives an enti'e and perfect con-
trol over the v hole subject matttr. The power
"to dispose of," ne sa' s, is bread ?nd sutficiently
comprehen ive to include the power to distribute,
i Citinot bring my m ud to tnat conclusion. The
tower to ' d'spce t í " the temtoiy and the other
p operty of the United Bibles is sp.-eific and clear;
b t there cpnle no legitimate inference that any
othei and d.tTtrert po ters can be eiercised by Con-
gress, from the tact tvat me power is m terms un-
limited. Ii giv'cs to Congress, I freely admit, the
authority to dispese of the public lands, but it gees
no fartlui: and it serms to ire to be a violence
ut on la* guage - a m'sconteption of the nature and
objtvt of tnis print tf power, to contend that Con-
srpsst„n do t'.-it wh t ti will in effect dtfeat the
ooji'Ct and ru>, ose desi,n d. Tne Seiattr \vill
not picicnd iiat he c m hud .vi h,n the range of the
Ctritiiuutn, any ciprets power conierred upon
C mf'ie s to thviJ f m "£ 'he Stites any pornon of
the pub if levemí". Ba'hio position is, if under-
stocd, last tbe power "io dispose of," include  the
pot? er to tlistilhtite Bo'h the Senators from Ken-
tucky and Mps achuset s have pressed this argu-
ment. But I cannot ne'l see hov  they can logical-
ly or constitutionally, iroai their premies, make
the r tl due ions,
The -jVia'ot from Keraa ky ["*ir. Clav] has
said iha ihe t<"x }Oa'u ¿nd the Und power con-
ierred orón Ci ns-e^s by tne provisions ot the Con-
stitiHini), are ON-jr.ua \} difler^nt. Is ihis so' What
i tr-eoijicto t e ax n„ power if Congreso To
nri's ">' rey ,u o t'ie T etsurj, and for whit pur-
,10 ¡i C'eariy fir the public Us . What is the
obj ct < i i'ieponi coiifriulu e r. Corgress to bor-
row m ii j upon 'be ue'u or >e United States?
Cicaily to Sr'úí rcot ey u io i"e Tteasury for pub-
1 c u ". Wh.* is the ebj ct, su, oi the power con-
fitrcl up m Ci r gisSi ' o d ^ o e of the terntory of
the TTni ed States^ ' C'ie.rlv to bring money into
tha Tiea-uiy it r pub io u c. V here, then, is the
d ff iei ee, so fat s*s rt>p e ^ 'hf objects of these re-
sine ive pot eis? j>ír >i s, e r. T ,'j Senator from
Kes'Uiel./ n n ktd, v~nh ; n «,ppa'ent triumph,
thoi wl i' > i! e t-t n<; po vei ]o< kid to thetf lUctioa
oi ievei i3 for lie , n.-r -> fp ting the debts,
pr vnji' ' í r 'h- Cjíaipoi dtf?nce and general
.ve'faie of • e (Jni <=c í t b s, i c 'and pevtr was
ea ('} io ipi i nt raiUr, ar"l be has eha-
l<",-e .) f t i1 tí t'f At'sxii istration to lhow
tittih-Wifc •Bjirifjwa n ?ny way connecled
with tee iatii piner conferred upon Congress.
Aad ue.,ce h- infers, that jü the exercise of this
