1841.                                  APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                          sis
26th Cong....2nd Sess.
same land power, the object w«is not revenue. Is
this a fa'r and iegifmat' inference from the premi-
ses? Trae it is, lhat Co-any? has (joivel, m ex-
press terms, to dispose of the ternary belonging to
the United State?. Ti ue it is, ilut the Con-tuu'ion
is entirely silent as ;o what s'nsll be done with
the avails of any such disposition rf the terriiory
But what men? Cín it be presumed, from this
mere fact of silence, that Congress possess the po.i-
er to give away the avails of the public land"-'; that,
inasmuch as no express specific direction is given
in the Constitution to apply the prcceeds of the
sales of the public territory for the purpose of pay-
ing the debts, or of providing for the common de-
fence of the United Stales, it necessarily fol-
lows that Congress can distribute those proceeds to
the States? Ail powers not expressly delega'ed by
the Oomtimti' n, are te1 eived to the Slates or to
the people. Congress has power to bcrrov money
upon the credit of ¡he United States. But does the
Constitution direct what i-hall be ¿one with the
money thus borrowed? No, sir. And would the
Senator from Kentucky contend that Corgress may,
in the exercise of its discretion, give away or dis-
tribute to the States the money ¡bus borrowed?
Under thin power to horow money, I would like to
know if there is an American statesman, within
the limits of this Republic, bold enough to maintain
that ConMPss can, constitutionally, apply a dollar
of money thus obtained but for publicase—ihat
Congress could regard ¡he means thus acquired in
any other liajit than as a portion of ¡he public reve-
nues to be expended exclusively for the u=e and
benefit of the «hole Union, to be withdrawn from
the public Treasury by appropriations made by
law. And, s r, can the Senator from Kentucky
po¡nt to me any*difference in the power conferred
up on Congress to dispo:e of the territory of
the United States, and to borrow money upon
the credit of the United States? So far as re-
lates to the di;posal cf the proceeds of such
negotiations, there is no difftrence, in fact.
The power is the same in both ca-es. And,
as before remarked, the grent object of the exercise
of iuch power was to rai-e revenue—¡o bring mo-
ney into'he public Treasury for public use. The
Senator from Kentucky admits that Corgress has
not the power to levy taxe; and to collect levctiue
for the purpo*e of distribution. This is torrees;
but he adds, Congress has power lo d'spcse of the
territory and other property of tin United States,
and as there i.> no limitation to this power, it may
dispose cf that territory and distribute the avails.
Congress, it is admitted, has no power to collect a
revenue for distribution, but it can levy Uxe¿ "to
provide and maintain a navy," and Consrre: s pos-
sesses Ihe power, the Senator contends, to sell and
dispose of the ships which consitute tftat navy, re-
ceive the proceeds in money, and distribute that
money to the States. Of a¡l th? extraordinary po-
sitions which hive been taken in illustration of this
power, this is, to my mind, the reo-t extraordinary.
The mere statement of the proposition itself shows
its absurdity. White it is admitted that Congress
has no constitutional power to collect a revenue
for distribution, it is erced that it has the power to
dispose of our national sninc, our pubhc fortresses,
and our public domain, collect the proceeds and
make distribution thereof among the States, I
shall add nothing more; if the Senator can derive
any advantage iron such an argument, be it so.
If the American people can thus be deluded, for
one, I shall think mush less of their intelligeace
than I now do.
The Senator from Mas-achiiietis admits, as I
have before slated, that ho does not look to the
deeds of cession for the power which Congress has
over (his subject. He finds thai power in the Con-
stitution; and he contends that, under the third sec-
tion of the fourth article of that instrument, he can
erect a platform broad enough to sustam his posi-
tions. The Senators say?, that Congress has the
power to dispone of the territory of the United
States. This is true; and he contends further that
the authority ¡s also conferred upon Congress to do
what it shall please with the public domain— tohe
controlled only by its own discretion. Is this so?
And the ground taken by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, íí, that there is no limitation to this spe-
Pre-empiion Law—Mr, Hubbard.
cific grant of power. That C^ngre. s is unrestrict-
ed in its exercise—;his is trie, so ''.ir as the lan-
guage used £oex to confer the pa>'cular power.
But «hit it the power conferred? ''To dism se of
the territory belonging to the United States." This
is all, sir. And what is the meaning of the words
"to dispiee ofV I answer, to sell—to convey—to
transfer—to pass over to another. Tb.3 power then
confcrie! by this section (according to the most
approved lexicographers) is to se1! —lo convey—
to transfer the public territory, and this ¿s all. There
is no other authority given in term'-; and if any
other authority is attempted to be- exercised, it is
an assumption of power wi'hout right. Let us
apply this to the s flans and business of common
i Lfe. The honorable Senator fro •<- Massichuseits,
under his hand and seal, empowers me to dispose
of hs farm—to bargain avaj—to sell—and ¡o
convey his valuable homestead; would ¡lot the Se-
nator conclude that it would be a monstrous abuse
of that power, should I appropriate the avails of
such a sale to my own use—should I distribute the
proceeds ¡o my own chiidrenl And what would be
the Senators answer, if Í should contend that, un-
der the express authority "to d'.spnse of" was in-
included necessarily, the authority to áistñbutel I
am inclined to think that ihe honorable Senator
would be the last man who would he convinced
by any such argument. He would ¡-ay, and would
properly say, look to the expíes? terms of your
power. Do not presume to go beyond the re-
cord.
In the Constitution there is an express power in
terms conferred upon Congress to dispese of ihe
territory, but docs that necessarily include a power
to distnbuie?   Congress could not be justified to
imply  any such powe-.     It rrsu^l be conferred
plainly,  expre-sly, and   intelligibly,  o; no  sneb
,  power can be presan.ed   to exist.    The  Senator
I  contends for ths existence of  the  power  to distri-
I  btite became there is no qualification or limitation of
the power to "dispose of" the ¡■■"ntory. Sir, is there
[  any liiniuation or  restriction upon the power con-
;  fared upon Congress to borrow money?   No, s;r;
j   the one power is just as unlimited in terms as the
i  other.    As I have before remarked, would the ho-
i   norable Senator, or any other  member of this Se-
nate, for a moment contend th:>l ihe power lo bor-
row money for fb? reason, t> it it is lmlimited and
unrestricted necessarily includes the power to distri-
bute the money thui?cquired,according to the discre-
tion of Corgress?    Mr ¡President, the  argument is
fa'laeious—it rests upon no substantial found&iior,.
But Í freely admit ihat the honorable Senators from
Kentucky and from  Massachusetts  must look to
the Constitution for the power to distribute, if any
such power exists.    I commend them for having,
even at this late day,  abandoned the ground that
an imperious obligation re^ts upon Congress, grow-
ing out of the deeds of cession, to make distribution
of the revenue arising from the sale:> of the lan-'s
ti the respective States.    Sir, I have not been able
to satisfy myself that the deeds of cestui impose
any such obligaren upon  ihe Uniled  States.    I
!  have rot been able to satis!}' tcytelf that there is
any co'u,tituhon?l power given to Congress to dis-
trióme   the public revenue, or   any   portion  cf
the     public     revenue.     My   views   on    these
points are now with the Senate;  tbey  are consci-
entiously entertained, and they have been honestly
presented.    If they shall induce o'hers to the same
conclusions to which I have come, I shall rejoice—
if they shall produce no effect upon other', I shall
content my wlf with the rítlecíiors that I have done
my duty.
hit. Presided, believing r.s I do, that no obliga-
tion rests upon the General Government by the
deeds of session to make dis'nbution among the
respective Stuesof th.-t portion of the revenue de-
rived from the sale of the public Isnds, and ac-
quired from the States—and believing as I do, 'hat
there is no specific grant of power given to Con-
gress to make any such division of the proceeds of
ihe lands acquired either by purchase from the
States cr by purchase from foreign Governments,
Í must oppose th:s amendment. I cannot but le-
g?rd the project as a most dangerous and alarming
assumption of power—as calculated to break down
the objects of this Confederacy—as constituting
Senate.
this Government the great distributor of the pub-
lic revenues for every purpose except that for
which the leveuues were co'lecied. Looking be-
yond the wants and nt cessities of the country-
disregarding the imperative obligations to provide
for its defence and its welfare, we find here a pro-
position submitted to appropriate the means of the
wholi people for the exclusive me of the respective
States. Sir, I ean favor no such measure—a mea-
sure unauthorized by the charter of our liberties—
at war with the genius, the character and object of our
Government.
But could I for a moment believe that the Con-
stitution conferred upon Congress the power to
pass into a law the proposition submitted by the
Senator from Kentucky, I would oppose it as un-
just to ihe interests of the States—as prejudicial to
the honest rights of the people. I would oppose it
as unequal and oppressive in its effects and opera-
tions. I have already referred to the present con-
dition of Ihe Treasury, as furnishing a most unan-
swerable objection against the expediency of this
project. I have already shown that the proceeds
of the lards, as well as the proceeds of the imports,
constitute alike the revenues of the country. I have
shown that ihr? power conferred upon Congress to
lay taxes, impose duties, borrow money, or "io dis-
pose of the territory" of tbe United States, was for
the purpose of providing means for publicase.
And when tho e means are thus acquired, there is
no difference or distinction between the parts which
make up the aggregate. They are truly the reve-
nues of the Government—supplied by direct or in-
direct taxation upon the people. The Senators
from Kentucky and Massachusetts have admitted,
and with much propriety and truth admitted, that
Congress cannot levy taxes to collect revenue for
! distribution. But if not equally opposed to the
I constitutional power of Congress to make distribu-
tion of any portion of the revenue, is not such a
proceeding at war with every cc nsideration of pub-
lic policy—to make a deficit in our means for the
sake of supplying it—to abstract from the Trea-
sury five millions annually, in order to tax the peo-
; pie the requisite sum to supply again that five mll-
Í lions? Such a proceeding may be founded in. wis-
¡ dom—it may be recommended by a sound discre-
tion—by considerations of pure patriotism. But I
cannot so view it. I am compelled- to give to it a
different character. How is it proposed to supply
the deficiency in the Treasury which would be oc-
casioned by this abstraction? By a tax on luxuries.
That, however, must depend on the future le-
gislation of Congress. By this amendment, it is
proposed, afier the 1st January, 1843, to divide
among the Slates ihat portion of the revenue de-
rived from lands. All agree that the condition of
or.r public finances cannot bear such a reduction—'
that the deficit must be supplied. Bat whether that
wnl be done by borrowing money; by a direct
tax; by increasing ihe existing duties, or by laying
imports on articles now free of duty, must depend
on the action of Congress—and no man can tell
what that action will be. Every man knows that
a portion of this C jnfederacy is most sensitive upon
the subject of the tariff; and it has seemed to me
from the beginning, that the friends of this policy
1 should contrive first to create a surplus in the Trea-
sury before they distribute the revenue; that they
should at least count the eggs before they divide the
chickens.
But let us examine the plan which is suggested,
I  with a view lo supply the deficieficy.    That plan
i  ii to impose an ad valorem duty on luxuries.    Un-
t  der the existing provisions of the compromise act,
|  the revenue derived from imports before the first of
I  July, 1842, will be reduced at least five millions of
i  dollars.  The Secretary of the Treasury, in hi? taiiff
!  report, communicated to the Senate on the 18th of
I January last, remarks that "if the expenditures are
|  properly and seasonably diminished, it will not be
I  necesrary to raise all this amount by  taxation in
'<  any form."   A clause in the third section of the
'  compromise act provides that after 1842 "duties
I shall be laid for the purpose of raising such revenue
as may be necessary to an economical adminisira-
lionof the Government.   The Secretary adds that
"in truth the tariff is as much a system of taxation
as a land tax; and that the coafinin| ©f all duties
