Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Con<j-"'3nd Sbss.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Allen.
217
Senate.
But, sir, a high sense of public duty has induced
me to make the effort. I knew full well the senti-
ments of the people of iny own State. I was fa-
miliar with the resolutions of the Legislature of
New Hampshire touching this subject. I could
not hesitate to take the earliest opportunity to de-
clare once more the magnanimous, the patriotic
sentiments of my people. I should have been
faithless to |my public,duty. I should have been
regardless of my responsibilities, had I failed to
speak forth my view , when I had the proud satis-
faction of knowing that, in speaking my senti-
ments, I spoke the independent, the manly, the no-
ble ssntiments of a great majority of the freemen
of my native State, air, I have said all that I
wish to say. I have performed a duty which I
owed to myself—to my State—to my beloved
country. And whin I shall close my public iile,
if I could realize that ray pablic efforts had, even
for a lime, stayed the progress of a measure as
corrupt, and as corrupting as I regard the mea-
sure before us; if I could but realize that
the sentiments which I had delivered had, in
any way, tended to defeat the project ior distribut-
ing among the States the money of the people, I
should have great cause of joy.
• I may be permitted to add, ia conclusion, that
the active friends of this tueasute—so fatal to the
independence of the States—to the prosperity and
happiness of the people—should they ever be able
to induce an American Congress to pass it through
the forms of legislation, and to make it the law of
the land, will have thrown upon themselves ao aw-
ful responsibility. If this measure should be ap-
proved—'it it should become a law, in the present
condition of our public finances, and in the present
prospects of oac country—I should consider that
the love of money had controlled every other con-
sideration; I should consider that the power of cor-
porations had overpowered the rigftis and liberties of
the people.
Mr. PIERCE said the motion of the Senator
from Illinois being indivisible, a question of some
embarrassment was presented to him, and in this
view, and this alone, he rose to make a few re-
marks by way of explanation, if in that land
system which had v/ork:d so long and so favorably
for the :etilers, the States, and the Federal Govern-
ment, there ivas to be any radical change, such as
was contemplated by the respective propositions of
the Senatirs from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
and Illinois, [Mr. Young,] he undoubtedly had a
preference, and a very decided preference. His
desire, however, was to see that magnificent in-
heritance, which had descended to this from a past
generation—that vast and rich domain—he might
almost sav perpetual source of revenue—kept as a
common fund, free and unencumbered, under ¡he
exclusive control cf Congress, to be used in
such manner, and for SHch national purp.ses,
as the exigencies of tne country might
from time to time demand. This, it ap-
peared to him, (without aHempting to lift
the veil which excludes us from the future,)
to be the safe and prudent course, to say the least.
It possessed no charm of novelty, but it had what
was better—what should not be lightly disregarded
in public affairs or in the transactions of private
life. It was sanctioned by the lc,:sons of long ex-
perience. He, then, was opposed to both proposi-
tions; but, if either was to be adopted, the substi-
tute enjoyed, in his estimation, uany and decided
advantages. There was one provision, however,
which commended itself particulate not only to his
feelings of patriotism, but to his "deliberate judg-
ment, and would control the vote he was about to
give. He referred to the last section, whieti pro-
vided, that the sixty-five per cent, of the proceeds
of "the sales, should be sst apart and exclusively
applied to the gradual increase of the navy and the
erection of such fortifications far the general de-
fence of the country, as Congress may hereafter
order and direct. He had endeavored, aur-
ing the last session of Congress, to call
the attention of the country to tMs long
neglected, and   most   interesting question of our
national defences, and he desired to say now,
that there w s hardly a constitutional measure
having there great objects in view, that would not
receive his cordial sanction and support. Whether
the apprehensions expressed by his collesgae, of
collision with a foreignpo*er, of vast resources
and grasping policy, tud any reasonable founda-
tion, this was not the time perhaps to inquire.
Oar relations with Great Britain, he might be per-
mitted to say, were not altogether what could te
desired. Negotiation in relation to the Northeast-
ern boundary had for a long series of years been
signally unsuccessful. Was there any recent intel-
ligence calculated to inspire brighter hopes of an
amicable determination of ihc controversy"? If so,
it had not coma to his knowledge. There was, it
was true, what ¡here had always been in relation
to this matter, from h gh authority,arsuranees of an
amicable and friendly disposition on both sides; but
where was the acknowledgement of our just rights
or the approximation of such acknowledgment1?
Moreover, had not every gentleman read with pain
therecentcorrespondence of the British Minister and
our Secretary of State, upon another delicate ques-
tion involving the rights of th^ two Governments,
and deeply affecting the sen^ibiities of the people
of both? In tins posture of our relations, did it be-
come us on the Western continent, while ¡he sword
of conquest or of subjugation was already waving
in triumph over the East, to slumber or repose in
security? He knew that in, answer to such a ques-
tion, there wou!d come up a full and unequivocal
negative responss from the people, through the
whole length and breadth of the Union. Bat when
would action follow? When would that voice im-
peratively demand the necessary legislation"! "Would
it be resorted tu seasonably"? or would it be deferid
to a moment wnen argumentation nvght be drowned
in the loud repr.~acfcps of c.tizans bani>hed fnm
unprotected and ruined cities'! He said tsese
things, "jot to a v. dke alarm, or to excite any u'nne-
ce.sary feeling, but to arouse to a sense of possible
danger, and iibsoiute duty. It was an astonishing
fact, that with the disasters that attended the early
psnuds of the late war, fresh in our recollection, we
were at thi* moment relatively more deficient m pre-
paration for a c.nfl.ct wi'h Great Britain than we
then were; and yet a deba s has occupied the Senate
for weeks upon the qucs'ion of distributing to the
S a'es a iund not in, posstssiun, but hereafter
to accrue. He would not pu.sue this subject of the
defences, which would bs legitimately before the
Senate when another bill upon the calendar should
be taken up, further than to remark, that whether
war were remote or ne.ir, (and he devoutly hoped
the former might prove to be the ease.) it was un-
deniably the p vrt c-f statesmanlike forecast arid ele-
vated patriotism ¡o provide for the worst, and to do
it in view of our exposed condition and of the v?^t-
ness of the interests involved. As had been before
remarked, his object ia rising was not to partici-
pate in the debate, but merely to make such an ex-
planation as would place the vote he was about to
give upon its true around, :.nd beyond the reach of
misconstruction. It, w .nld only express his choice
between the two propositions; he was opposed to,
and would ultimately vote against both. The sta'e
of the Treasury, a; d th>; condition of the countty,
seemed to him alike to forbid any great change in
the land system, or any experiments upon the reve-
nue, such as either of the proposed plans would ne-
cessarily involve. With regard to the project of
distribution, be de-ire-.l to say it would encounter
his opposition at whatever time, and m whatever
form, it might be presented.
In his judgment it wa-, repugnant to clear con-
stitutional principles, a-i'l the highest comidíra-
tions of public policy. ; fo'v this, or that, or the
other State was to be relieved from the burden of
thetr heavy debts, were q:ii\-uoBs tobe referred to
the resources and the financial skill and policy of
each for itself. For New Hampshire, he would
say, that while she sought ao aid from abroad,and
would promptly pay all debts of her own contract-
in^, her people would never con-ent to be taxed m
any way to pay the debts of other . There was no
question upon which ihe opinion of that people was
more sound, or more unifoim; and that judgment
had been deliberately   formed, after r-ome experi-
ence in the supposed advantages of distribution.
Opposed as they were, most decidedly to the distri-
bution even of our surplusfunds, it could require no
partieulai sagacity to foresee bow they would receive
the absurd proposition to graat to the States, in
their corporate capacities, today, what, it was no-
torious, must, by taxation/direct, or indirect, bo en-
acted with all the expenses of disbursement and
collection, from the people in their individual capa-
cities, to-morrow.
SPEECH OF MR.  ALLEN,
OF OHIO.
In Senate, Monday, January 25,1841—On the propo-
sition of Mr. Crittenden to distribute the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands to the
States, submitted as an amendment to the pre-
emption bill, then under consideration.
Mr. ALLEN addressecryhe Senate as follows:
If, Mr. President, a Bntph Minister were, upon
this floor, to propo.se measures for our adoption—
measures most beneficial to* his/ own country and
ruinous to ours—he \vould,-;I pjremme, in the first
p!ace, advise this Government to mortgage its
whole domain to the baakerá¡¿f England, in secu-
rity for the debts of the States. Next, he would
in -ist that the five millions of dolían, now annually
brought to tin Treasury from the sale of this do-
main, should be paid to those bankers through the
agf ncy of the States—they being constituted thus
British fac'ors to receive and to remit the amount.
To supply ¡he consequent deficiency in the national
income, he would further recommend the imposi-
tion of a new tax, equivalent to that sum, upon
the American people, and particularly upon those
of the Sovik and Wat. Then, would he advise
that this a ¡ditional burden should be levied as a
doty upon the siiks and wines received by us from
France, in exchange for our cotton; and upon this
latter would he more especially insist, because the
imposition of such a duty would inevitably divert
our whole trade in cotton from that country to
England; and by giving a monopoly to her of this
great product of our soil, comprehending, as it
does, one-half of our entire exports, enable the
En^üb. purchaser to fix his own prices upon it.
Such would be the counsels of a British Mi-
nister; but, sir, there is no Btitish Minister upon
this floor. And yet we have heard these very
measures, one and all, urg'd upon us—urged with
zeal and with passion—and that, too, by the Sena-
tor from from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,]
the very man who is soon to become the organ of
intercourse between his' own and the British Go-
vernment.
In oraer to attain these results with ¡he
apparent sanction of the Constitution, and thete-
tore to veil its breach, as well as the fright-
ful consequences oí such measures, from the
eyes of the people, words and things have been
transposed; objects professed, whilst the opposite
are sough'; and reason as well as truth been made
subordinate to a form cf phraseology, which both
condemn. That tl.e people may not start at this
levy of a British tax, yearly, of five millions upon
thorn, it i« proposed, first, to collect it through the
secret means of the customs; it is next declared to
be a tax on luxuries merely, and therefore a bur-
den alone upon the rich; and, finally, its payment
to British bankers, when co'lected, is to be called a
disir butioa of the proceeds of the public lands
to the States. But the imposture stops not here.
For, whili.-'. it ¡s by all conceded, including the Se-
nator himself, that Congress ha? no authority in
ths Constitution to distribute the notional revenue,
yet he seeks that authority, first, by going behind
and beyond the Constitution to the deeds of ces-
sion-, th.-n by denying the name of revenue to the
fund denved from the lands; and, in the end, by re-
turning to the Constitution, in older to embrace
larris r.ever ceded.
In the fitst part of this circuitous sophistry, we
are told that tbe public domain is not the property
of the States, united as a whole in their character
of a Federal Union, but held by them in this cha-
racter as a trust for the beeefit, severally, of "the
individual States. This is said to be manifest
from the cessions executed by a part of the Stated!
