Jan. 1841.________
26th Cong......2nd Sess..
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Mien.
21&
Senate.
of Government, the support of credit, the relief of
the country, are, and ever will be, the read/ rea-
sons put forth for taxation without limit, and,
through it, usurpation of power. If not arrested at
theou'set, repetifon will give to each act of plun-
der the authority of precedent, and time, in all
things a powerful element of title, will gradually
reconcile men to endurance, until at last, having
become strong by allaying relance, Government
•will throw away the veil, no longer necessary, and
claim to sack the multnude, as a matter of right,
for the benefit of the tw
In the spectacle of starving millions, England—
that England so often commended to our imitation
here—affords an example of this unbounded power
of taxation. Never, in any part of the globe, have
an equal number of human beings produced, by
their toil, in a single year, an amount so great of
the necessaries and comforts of life, as are annu-
ally wrought bv the laboring English. Upon every
principle of jus ice, then, their own comforts should
tie proportionably great—their social condition
happy. Yet, is this the fac'1 Are thpy who toil
so incessantly—whose labors produces so much—
are they even fed, c'othed, sheltered from the
storm, themselves, or families1 Have they hope,
for the future, of relief this side the grave1 No'
one half of the entire nation—I speak it not from
rumor, but upon ihe authority of Bntish statistic
—one half of the entire nation are reduced to ab-
solute pauperism. One fourth dependen', through
the year, on the pauper fund alone for support,
another, fed occasionally from r, whenever ihey
are brought, as often they are, lo the alt rnative of
charity or death. And why this misery, this de-
gradation, of th  most laborious people ever
known? Why this suffering of the iia s, whilst
the Government and the ruling orders are noto
riously ihe richest in the world1 But, is the evil
temporary1 will it soon pass away1 did it arise
from natural or from fortuitous causes—ftom a
dearth—(he failure of a crop, or the ravages of a
pestilence1 Never'—the cause and the misery
are alike human and permanent.
Toe Government—Parliament with its omnipo-
tence—its limitless power of taxation there is the
source—there alone—of all those wrongs and ago-
nies. It is this power, acting unrestrained, through
the double agency of Parliament and the bank, by
which Government and its appended orders, the
aristocracy, church, army and navy, fund-holders
and bankers, daily take from the laooring millions
every dollar they earn; leaving not even an ade-
quate subsistence. And when thus all is taken—
when death itse'f threatens to stop the futiré in-
come of Government by the starvation of the la-
borer—then, but not until then, is enough relum-
ed, as a public charity, to keep him alive.
But if, sir, one half of the nation be powerless
paupers, the Government (and by that, I mean
not the Throne and Parliament only, but
them with their appended orders,) are the
mightiest on earth. Nor is it wonderful that
such a Government, thus armed wuh the whole
earnings of its people, should have been able to
expend five hundred millions oi treasure to retain
these Slates as colonies, six thousand millions to
restore hereditary mtnarchy in France—should
now be able lo interfere in the affairs of all na-
tions; to hold, by its n?vy, mapkwd in awe; to
subsidize, witn its capital, half the thrones of Ea
rope. No wonder that such s Government, the
natural enemy of ours—yes, sir, I «a/ trie natural
enemy, regardless of the Federal cant s0 often
heard about "our yfrinity of interests wiih the
mother count! y,"uJregard)ess of the studied efforts
daily made to ju«tifj here every abuse, usurpation,
corruption, and fraud upon tbe authonly of Bm sh
example; no wonder that such a Government, with
a view to its great object of our humiliation and
rum, should have violated our territory, fired o if
vessels, murdered our citizen?, and, by its stocks,
its corporations, its capita!, and its «rercnanes
among us, should have deranged our affairs, re-
duced our prices, distressed our peop'e, and forctd
thousands to cry out for relief, and seek it in the
expulsion from our councils of those who dared to
resist British domination. No, sir; nor is it won-
derful thai now, when these things are done, Eng-
land's bankers should demand a mortgage on Ame-
rican sou, or that mea should be found here ready
to give it. Yes, to give it, because "the* Federal
Government (says the Senator from Massachusetts)
is bound to uphold the credit of tbe State ." And
how1 By the payment or assumption of their debts.
There is no other way. Bn even this is insuffi-
cient. For the Government, to uphold their credit,
must guaranty, likewise, all debts the Slates may
m future contract, or assum? the power to restrain
ihem from contracting any more. If it can do the
latter, then are the Slates made powerless, and
brought in subjecaon to its wilt. If it cannot re-
strain Ihem, and yet is bound to uphold their credit,
th«n must it tax the people as much as the States
desire to spend, whilst thus they are induced to
spend as much as they can. For if this Govern-
ment be bound to pay their present dtbts, so ia it
their future, if one class of debts, then rqually all,
if bound to pay those incurred for internal ltn-
pro\ ements or tor banking capital,) as were most
of these now contracted,) it is bound alto, and for
the same reason, to defray all the charges of State
administration. And where is Congress to find
means lo satisfy a demand so insatiate? In un-
bounded, interminable taxation.
In thii manner it is proposed to uphoU State
credit, and th±s is ciled a lav or to the Sates. As
¡t the SiaU and Federal Governments d d not
bofh derive their only revenue irom the same and
only source—the j-ockets of the same people But
in what does this favor resul ? Plainly in this
Congress, not the State Leg'slature, is in futme
to tax me people of the S'ates for ,ul object of State
necessity, and may, for a reason cq islly good, pre-
scribe, by law, what tho5e ohjpc's shall be, when
and how to be executed. Tnus would the State
Governments, having become useless, be virtually
abolished, and tne p ople deprived of the very
benefits they obtained by the American Revolution
—local government, local taxauon, imposei by
themselves for local objects. For the Federal Go-
vernment Is, to the people of a State, in reference
to their local affairs, a foreign power, and if, to
ra'se revenue for State expendí ure, it as umes the
right to tax them, they aie taxed without their con-
sent—a condition which no other word i'ian tyran-
ny can describe. But for illustration, I pat the
case. The people oí Opio, acting through their lo-
cal Legislature, now judge of their own wants as a
State, and tax themselves to m et those wan's If
a canal is des'red, they determine wh°n, where,
how, and by what agents, it snail be executed. If
a tax be necessary, they decide in w,at mainer,
when, and to what amount, it shall be levied.
These questions, so important, are settled by a ma-
jority ot that people, none others interposing, and
in tins fact they fiad the benefits cf the Siaie Go-
vernment. But if, instead of this, Congress, m
whose power the people of Ohio have but a limited
participation—if Congress, whose action they can-
not, therefore, control, should assume to judge for
them of their kcal wants—to tax them for distribu-
tion to meet those wants—that is to say, decide for
them wheT and m what pan of the State a canal
shall be cut, and tix them to detrav the charges of
the work,—'f Congress should ;c> thus, would not
that people receive their local law-,, aad pay local
taxes imposed against ihe r consent, by this will of
others—as much so as did our fathers of the Colo-
nies before the Revolution? For is it not evi-
dent that a people are taxed wiihoot tneir con-
sent, when, as in this ca>e, the disapprob?tion of
a majority cjnnot prsvent n1 Nor does the
fact that the State is repr sonied m Congress affect
the principle, so long as ¡be tax and objects are
local
This illustration would ceem sufficient, yet I
wi'l push it still farther The people of Ohio •
owe a debl, and, to pay it, propose to tax them-
selves, at thair own. time, m t-'eir own w?y, to trS
amount of a million, through their own Legisla-
ture. Congress comes forth, and says to, them,
Keep your money, I will give you enough to dis-
charge your obligation. The peop'e reply by ask-
ing, Where will you get ill Congress answers, I
will give you the million I have just received from
the sale ot my lands. The people then ask, If you
give us that million, will you not yourself want
another, to discharge your own obligations; and,
if so, where will you get that oiher? Congress re-
plies, Yes, that is true, and I shall indeed be Com-
pelled to tax you for irns last million, before I
can agree to give you the first. The people an-
swer, If that be the case, what make we by ill You
give us one million, we give you another; and we,
moreover, have to pay you the costs of collection.
Better, then, that we should keep our own million
and pay our own debt, for what you propose is
nothing more than to tax us a million te pay it, if,
m addition to this, we will reward your trouble.
Congress replies, That is even so, I am aware I
must first take the million from you, by taxation,
before I can return it m the way of distribution;
but still, you had batter submit lo this, than to tax
yoarselves fot the payment of tbe debt, because,
when taxed by yourselves, you know it, the tax is
paid directly, and each man  ees whit he pays; but
when I tax you, though you pay even more, you
do not exactly see the process, as you pay to me,
not through the collector, but the merchant, in the
increased price of every thing you buy, and,this I
call my indirect tax or tariff duty, which the mer-
chant had, m the first place, to pay, when he pur-
chased the goods at New York To this ihe people
answer, It is not the manner of paying, but the
payment itself, which takes money from our pock-
et=, and your reasons are, therefore, insufficient.
Congress again replies. That, likewise, is true, but
th° tact i«-, you, tbe people of Orno, owe the British
bankers a debt and will not, I fear, tax yourselves
to pay it, and I wish to compel the paynunt, by
myself ¡axmp you for that purpose. The people
rejoin by saying to Congress, You came here at
firs' offering us money as a favor, in the name of
dis'nb tion, to p^y our debt, jou have ended with
an impeachment ot our integrity; with an attempt
to usurp ihe p iwer of State taxation, with an im-
pertinent interference in our aflairi; therefoie,
depart.
Thus are the forms of indirect taxation and the
name of the public domain souaht to be made the
means through «which this Government may as-
sume absolute power over the States and Ihe peo-
ple—over the whole property and labor of the
country.
And who ate to receive the funl distributed?
Not ihe people, who, in the first place, paid it; but
the States—the Legislatures of the Sta'es In
what would this result1 Extravagance and waste.
Not, indeed, because legislative bodies are (for
thev are not) likely to be composed of men less
vir'uous than others, but because no body of men,
ho'wver honorable individually, ever could, or ever
can, with safety, be charged with the conduct of
public affairs, m the absence of all responsibility.
It was for this reason, drawn from the calamitous
expei ¡ence of the world, that the serious, the
thoughtful, the caut.ous people of Amenea im-
posed upon all the departments of power, as
well as upon each public functionary, the most
ppsitive restraints and highest sicciions, by their
written organic laws Tne g'eat, the only se-
curity the people yf a Scale now have for the eco-
nomv of its Legislature in the expendí ure of the
public monei, is the responsibility under which
>he Legislature pets, of having itself, first to tax
its own cotjsttituency, in order to ra se it. But,
by the sys'em of distribution, the responsibility of
collecting revenue is to he separated from the power
to «pply if; Congress is ti tax the people, th0
Legislature to expend the tax. Each member of
the latter body, aware, therefore, as he would be,
that, when the S'ate Tieasury was exhausted, Con-
gress, not he, must bear the odium of laving a
new tax to leplenish it, would very naturally
seek to obtain for all objects in his particular dis
trict cr county the largest appropriations possible;
considering, as he would, every dollar thus ob-
tained a clear gam, to that extent, out of the com-
mon spon In this manner, the very deure now
so strong with the representative, and justly so, to
please bis immediate constituents by hrs economy
ol the public money, would then become a reason
equally strong for its profligate waMe Where, m
such a case, would be the limit to expenditure?—
where to taxation necessary to meet it? Nowhere,
until Government had consumed the whole sub-
