¿20______________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._____________January, 1841.
26th Cong""2ni> Sess.                                        Pre-emption Bill—Mr. Mien.                                                              Senate.
stance of the toihog multitude, and left them here,
as in England, clad m the ragged hvery of paupsr-
ism.—breadiess and hopeless.
Sir, I have already said that the money, if dis-
tributed, will go not to the people who, m the first
instance, paid it. Again, 1 have said that in all
Governments professing to be tree, this power of
unlimited taxation ever has divided the mass mto
classes of the rich and the poor, and upon such
division founded separate orders m the State—the
one, who govern and not, the other, who toil and
obey. Such always will be found to be the result.
The process wh>ch leads to it is phin. 'fue ag-
gregate fund in the hinds of Government is rasde
up of contributions by every citiren In the ?p-
phcation of it, therefore, or its benefits, justice re-
quires that each should receive a proportion equal
to that he advanced. But .n ih , the case? Never,
nor ever can it be. It is one ol the evils in the
beet of Governments, that equality m the disi.'ibu
tion of burdens and benefits is fou.id utterly im-
practicable. And, sir, it is for this very reason,
morethan for all others together, that taxation and
expenditure should be strictly limited For, in
every tax, some are made thus to pay unrequited
tribute to o hers. Tne wrong increases with eacn
additional assessment, until finally, it conttniud, it
breaks the equilibrium of ¡ocieiy. The favored
c'ass rises to wca'thby the very cause that depresses
the unfortunate. Each day separates themmire
■widely from one another, and the former, drawing
Still nearer to the Government whilst the laiter is
sinking beneath, it b comes., m the end, the Go-
vernment itself—a rulin  order, bast d upon and
sustained by the pillage of the multitude.
What with us has been the fact, and what its
resul s, in the very first instance ot distribution*
To all it is known tnat 28 101,614 doliar , then
called Us. «trplus revenue, wen-, in the year 1837,
distributed by ihi. Government, in Ih" name ot a
deposre with the States Where w< nt th<tt mo-
ney? To the peopl f to the «u n bv whom it had
been advancid' Wo, not the filth dollar of it, but
to the Legislatures first, and th n, chiefly, to bank-
ing or to o her c trporate companys, and to Uic
rich, for the very leason and th-y were vo
And m ", that I nay It c more cleatl^ expo«e
this—thefhjrant lnjuvioe i, thai I by the p ¿cu-
cal opuia'ion oí the d.sttibution pnncip'e upon the
tax paying mas3 of th )e>pe—I shill trace
briefly, yet with all the accuracy ot v h ch a mu
ter so confused and complicated admit--, ire pro-
gress of tins surplus fund, from ttie National t'ie->-
sury to its last known destination Bot h re, bo-
fore proceeding (uriner, it 15 la.par'ant to >etn r' ,
that 1 speaK in lelerence oily to th> $23,231 131
received by the twenty oul cflteiwei ty- i> ftaa  s,
by which a'onc reports have been nu 0 10 this G >-
vernment, tht ot er six to whom $3,Sfi7 o12 were
distributed, hiving made no fetu ns So is it like-
wise material to obstrv , that nactions a <,m all
instances, discarded; because anxious to pre "nt
merely the general truth I desire not t0 c oseare it
by immaterial ptruculars.
In the first place, then, out of die U t in'-*'>l-
ment, paid as it ua  in the notes of suspmded
banks, (worth on avet-a?-, ,if th" lime, but ab nt
ninety cents m th" dollar,) those mH'tot'cns thas
manifestly gamed, without ra tqu'ia'an , t> ,1
one million otd liars To tnn,andnt tt,nenlei ?u
to be added j>8,554 000, whici inured to u c b mlit
of the binks, in the form ot loans mide to s Lk
invested, and deposites made, m them Th n, as
recipients of th s fund, come the privit" co.~ .-
mes, incorpora tei iim.t y with a vi 1 'o m ernal
improvements, and to whom ^9£9,000 wo ' as
stock and lo^ns Aid final!}, oi th  total si' i,
$10 033 000 wrre distnbuted to the town and coun-
ties ot the Sutes, to b loaned by them (as Has
generally th  foci) to bank<, to other corporations,
and to the wealtoy few p i« tne cta'is wro
■were able to pledge proaerty fo1- its payment
Thus, from pn analys s if the reports made by
twenty of the S ates, ¿oes it ire n'e-t ibly anpe r,
1hat, of the twenty Jive million two h> ndred and thir-
ty four thousand dollars, drawn first by tne taxing
power of th s Government from the whole body
of the people, twenty million five hun'ired end
fifty-six thousand mured, in its distribution, to the
benefit of the banamg and other chartered associa-
tions, and to the favo.ed few—not the needy, but
th* rich—in the towns and counties, wmlst, on the
odier hand, but abmifive millions (one-fit'h of the
great aggregate) was applied to public works un-
dertaken by the States—to the payment of their
debts and their current exprnditute—the only form
u which the people could feel the benefit in the re-
duction of thtir taxes.
Here, then, is. an ei.ai.iple of the wrongs already
committed on the ma's of the nation, by this Go-
vernment'  abuse of the taxing power, for from
this abuse 1,. was that ths ac! of distribution result-
ed I speak not, therefore, barshly of the act it-
self, firit, because it was a consequence rather than
the prim'source of the evil, and a am, for the
reason that there are some among my o <. n politi-
cal friend", who, thinking to di engage the Govern
ment from the embarrassments fe sarplas occa-
sioned, «ave the act their support. On them, wiat-
ever may now be thought of the policy of their
course in this particular, I would inflict no wound
—none certainly on them, wiuls1 there are yet, on
the othtr side ot the Senate, those, our common
enemies, who, responsible for t^e primeval sin, ar.-
therefore the nght'ul subjects of complaint Nr,
I ctnsutc no.friends supposed to have erred, wnen
thete are foes kno><n to ha/e done si. "Pumu
tne strangers, but sp?re the flomaiis,-' \\ as the just
injunction ?t the roui of Pearsalia, an injunction
it were well to remember in all the conflicto of
men.
A1 if this eiimp'e—the first in ( ur hi lory —
who can doubt tha ccrtam tenJtncv of distnou-
tnn? Who cm douotlhat, if renewed, ,h's policy
will evenuate, a> bp oie dcclated, i> the lorma-
tion ol cla s-s among us—in the est ¡bh huunt ot
orders—m the concentration of all ptwer in this
G vernm-n'—and, tin illy, in the irm-ferof the
G ivernment l'seH to the hAuds of a tnon yr 1 arist 1-
ciac}1 What have we already witnessed? llave we
noaii l ie=e banks, these corpoist ons—every one
of ijftu, ot e/ery d-scnp ion, to which the revenue
disu,but d went—have «e not een the favored
fe>v, ;ilmo>t 10 a m\u, by whom so larje a p rt on
ivas rto'tved—'n« w not ten ad th'se, bank ,
corporations., and men united,c mbiaed, ei f jri'ted
diainst 'he Oiinocratic p t'j—and thit, too, ior
tlT vei> r av>n, openly piocltipi'd, t, at 11 iposps
tn s in quii'u-, sysiem ot lavauon for ihir b n'fi'
alom? Have we not «sen the sfsm institution^,
the tame p  isons, and the sanv as«oci u ons of per
son , landed t"aether in a comm in leaciie wti ihe
very mi n who, in tne legi^Utive hsl'1; ot the Sta es
—m th  (alls if Cm«ns.—in th' Executive and
Jadoctil Departments, S ate .<nd Ftd ral—in all
the ub'ivisiin, of political pov/er, no v sfi d r< r-
Wi'd the relentless advocates ol taxi, ni d stn-
buiion-"2 Yes, the very men who, v^hil t th"v tell
uv the Trea^uiy i^ exhaus cd—the oleod dried up
—s j,l futiously clamor ft 1 it e ¡a't óo br—'or th^
last orip Andvhv? losana'elbe ma*  of an
ady, who has conferred dominion upon them
At fust, sir, die obj ct ot distribution was dis-
guised , but now, vie'onous as the are, it 1
openly pioelairoed. The Senator frcm Rlassichu-
s-e is, no lonper conceiting the rea' mo'ive, dtcUr<-s
tti^st he pres e-thedistr¡buiionf f ih'ievenue among
tne Pt, >i"¡, in vi"w o* its application to the pa3'm'=nt
of then d3')t>, and for this he finds cons ítuüonal
aathor'ty, in th' obl'ga'ton of this Government to
npaold t.ie credit oí th* States, wh ch, he 1 ifo rrm
us, ins oceii rtide.y as^?il d And «ere, s r, it
was, at th s p unt ot h.s aicomtnt, that the Se ia-
tor brok fiutj in the ontc'st denuncntionof ho °
by wtiom he al'e'es this a saul to nav  been made,
But uho au they" In what manner, wi en, v.here,
by what mein-, have the? as aded ¿3 ere lit of the
States'! Wi! 11 be b 1 evtd (atad }et it is true) that
" it Was tne Democr-cy to whom he alludea? He
ad.f r'ed, Irs-, to extiact in a B.- n-h pap >r, taken
from tn  Qlooe of this c ty, sty ltd bj him th* organ
of tue Administration Next, havirg referred 'o
measures w th which he knew t"e Democratic
members of this bo jy to have been associated, he
pronounced these things an attack upon S'ate cie-
dii, and then declared that' the roan who would
impair.the State cred'l is an enemy to America, by
whatever name he may call himself."   What, sir'
the Democracy assail the credit of the St«tes' the
Democracy enemies to America' they who,  on all
occasions, hase ever delended, most z-alously, the
rights ot the States, the liberties oí  the p^opi , the
interests, honor, and glory of America, who have
defended all these, whether endangered from abroad
or within; whether by treasonable machinations, or
open war; they who, m the hour of their country's
utmost need—when periled  by foreign arms and
domesac treason, were, of all hei sons,   he   first
to come fersard—the first to preffer their  coun-
sel, their substance, their blood, in her defence—
ihe  most   cheerful  to   die,   they   who   now,  in
tne pending  struggle, ag-un swear, as they  e*er
have sworn,  upon  the  al'ar of that country, un-
sparing hoi'ihty to tyranny ,n all its forms—to
every league into v^h ch ambition and avarice may
enler, for usurpation  and p.l'age.    Are these the
ram, this tne par y, y>ho  are thus denourced—de-
nounced as enem es to America,  b< cause, in this
trying crisis of ti e Government, -when all ths hu-
mors that commonly conspire to bring liberty to its
death bed are manifesting themselves around us—
becan. e, I s y, they dar-, m such a ens'sas this, to
oppose what they  solemnly   believe infracts  the
Cons ltution, blots out the State1-, hazards the public
peace, and tends mfai'ibly to she ' ov>r the land the
baleful írfluence ot a foreign power; because thev
dare oppose a sj stem of measures which tereatens
to fire the p .ssions of mien to fury and madness, by
placing all property in the hand¡> of Government as
a prize, to besouyht by fraud and violence, and ob-
tained amidst the turmoil efagcneisi strife, only by
the most darma and profligate' Are these the citizens
denounce! for oposing such measures, as enemies
t) America'2    ~i  s, this  is  the imputation—indi-
rect, it is true, but stul th  ímputati)1—mide by
that Senator, made with feel ngs transpor ed bc-
yi nd <ill bou ids,..s 11, wn'lst struggling ti ustomort-
gpge to Bnti>n bankers 'he «oil of his native coun-
try, his allegiance nad been inflamen anew by a
glance at that s gn?l which, at  the dawn of battle,
nistrose on tne temblé day of Tiafelaar—"ang-
laadexpeeis every man to do h's duiy '    Ye=, sir,
I   repeat  it—ieeh"gs  ttan.sported, fot  never   but
once befoie have I  known that Senior ej.cited to
an equal heat b yond  th    uniform temper of his
mind.    And when was that1    Keed I tell you, Se-
nators, (most ot wh) n were presen ,) that it  wa>
on the mernoiable night when,  pendiug the propo-
sition for three milhon   to  defend  tne  country in
the event of a war with   France, he stood forward,
and  in   hisplue,  upon   ti u   fluí, dee]ared he
"would \ot<  it ro', evtn if the enem} wee batter-
ma; down the wills ci  the Capital"—a declaration
in reference 0 wi en a nierah^r ot thpother House,
)mm h's own S < 'e   n I of hi-, o vn rnrtv, [Hon  J
O.   Apams ]   procianürd   m  that baly, ' that the
min wi o wo'ild utter such a sentiment as tha% ral
but one more s ep to  take, and that was—into th;
ra.iks of the enemy "
Sir, to support us oun cred't,-wili requ.re all the
resources p'aced by the Cinstitution at the dispo-
sal of tlvs Government. Wuh that of the States it
has no light to interfere, for good or for evil For,
if it can with ttie one object, so it may for the other
—if to uphold, so m ¡y it destroy—if t > ta^e the
States under its guardianship, 1.1 like rmnner may
it reduce thetn to depondeice upon its v/J —to de-
pendence not merelv for supp'i^s, but for thnir
vtiy political ocmg, for the former essentially m-
vo'ves the latter.
Bit, sir, if tne Federal Government had the
ngrt and the means ot internos ng to sustain S'a'e
credit, it could not h/ posstoi'ity do to, w 'hout
the utter distrn-ttoii of'hat credit, or of the State
Go7einrnerits thai,isfj7e^ For, „f yon commence
and conlinfe to pay the dents of the States, the
Sta'es will con mue to contract thorn, as ¡heir sole
fource of mpply, "nd thpt for the reison hat yen,
by sttength'ning (heir credit for ine tim , emble
them to do so, and because you, n„t they, aie to
endure the burden of payment. Thus, ;n that
event, v¡]\ you supplant trie State Governments,by
rendering them palpably useless, except as afford-
ing a prekxt for uo limited taxation by jou, to
meet demands created by them. And if, upon the
other hind, after having commenced the payment,
and thereby stimulated the States to new indebted-
