February, 1841.
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
Navy Appropriation Sill—Mr. Smith.
221
H. of Reps-
ness—thrown them from, their guard—directed
their attention from all meaKS within themselves
to discharge obligations—if, then, you discontinue
that payment, 'do you not destroy their credn?
What, indeed, sir, is. the proportion now made,
of distribution to pay State debts, bat an assault
upon their credit? On what assumption does it
rest, but the insolvency oi d-reliction of the
Stated Fot, if ¡hey can and will pay, wherefore
do you interpose? Will not the same amount be
required, whoever pays1 and trust not the funds
be drawn from the ame source—the pockets of
the same people? These questions, obvious as
they are, are noi moie s:¡ thin tie fact, that the
angers to all reso've themselves m*o this: that the
Federal Government, feeing the States indebted to
British bankers, deems tnem insolvent, or capable
of a b-each oí iai ¡; and therefore, inking upon ít-
selt the a ere) or uio-e Dangers, it assumes to dis-
pute the Sute Legi'iitures as the taxm  po#vr
lor State purpose", ..aid to coerce the States in o
payiiient, by itself taxing their people for thai ob-
jec.
And now, sir, htvirs; thus far sought, by learn-
ing, to íllu-trate the effects ot distnbu ion upon the
credit of the StA'e , I ad/ert to 'he t-v^nt.-eight
millions deposited with thei.i in ld¿7, as a mat er
oí expeiet.ee, wi-Ji anticipates all argument,
'i hen were the Sta ea les-  indebted, their tniiit bet
ter than now. And why si? Because the depo-
si e, 'rnti'b i' 'itntra loe f a rebt due from 'he
S ates, nevcthe ess snmutaied ihim to yet grea er
indebtedness wills', on *he contrary, yoa deposited
no nv re. Nor, s.r, was 1 e delicti e applied, m
any propon on, to the discharge ot any debt  what-
ever—and that f r the reasons I have already
given, and which must forever exist, so 'erg as
one power levies, another expends, and bota are
free from restraint.
As to the new tax; proposed to be laid, for distri-
bution, upon the wines and silks now annually ex-
changed by Prance with a-, fore tion, to the amount
ot twenty miifo >s ot do Urs, it mus', I have said,
fall chiefly on the peoph of the Sou'h and West.
And why chiefly iipon them? F>caus„ a tax upon
those articles, tnpy being luxane.,mu-t, if Sefficicnt-
1/ high to produce the expected leve  ue, result irt
tieir exclusion from this country,and by cor-sequence
the exclusion of our cotton trom France; btcause
that exclusion of our cotton must, by restricting'
thus the foreign market, reduce, in a correspond-
ing proportion, first the price, and tí,en the quantity
raided in the South; because such reduction in the
quantity oi cottcn must reduce, to that extent, the
quantity of labor now engaged m its culture, and
increase the products of grains and roea's in the
South, by tne transfer of labar from cotton to them;
because that tranfer ot labor, and increase ot
grains and meats, pi educed in the cotton region,
must diminish in that pi «portion the demand
there for the grains and meats of the Northwestern
Stites—Onto, Kentucky, Indiana, illioois, and
others; beeau-e such decreased demind must dimi-
nish proportionately the pnce of these North-
western products, giams, and meats, and because,
finally, that diminution ot price must fall a dead
tax upon the people who raise those products.
England, however, and England alone, would
be benefited by this proces , and beneficed
doubly and trebly would she be—benefited in exact
proportion to the injury Mistamed by ui- for as
she, with the exception of Francs, now affords our
only market for cotton, if the por's of tne lattpr be
thus closed against u>, then must she enjoy an ex-
c'usive traffic in the article, and thereby power
ab-o'ute over its price
Well, theiefore, might England and England's
bankers desire tne promotion ot those to authority
among us, by whom these treasures, are proposed.
For wnat benefits, should such treasures prevail,
has she not a light to expecf! What evi's—what
dangers to our cjumry—to its independence and
liberty, have we not reason to appuhend'! With
a monopoly of hih oar exports; with a morigage
on our wlol« public doma n; wan near three hun-
dred millions of st ck, S'* te and c rpoiat?, invest-
ed in our country; with B.itish agents, mercantile
and otherwi.e, innuma aole in our importing cities;
•with a language, a commerce, a kiüdred, a litera-
ture, and a common law, each a medium of her
influence u-on us; wiih her habits and manners,
tier tastes and fashions, already visible through-
out our Atlant'c frontier; with provinces and
arm'es on our borders; wnh questions pending most
threatening to the peace of tne nations; with a na-
tural hostility to the forms of a Government whose
example endangers her own-, with her military re-
sources and armaments, vast as they are, on land
and sea; *ith these, and all these means of action
and motives to act, what has she not a reason to
hope, and we to fear, if, at any urn* hereafter, a
piny, how ever small, should be found mow muLt,
willing to  ec md hur views of ambition?
Already is England deeply interested, through
th« stocks of her banker*, in our State legislation.
Already has sne inducements to interpose irf our
<ifa>rs. But grp<u as hei interests are, and strong
her motives, boih will mc.ease a huncued fold
shou'a me proposed measures pievail. Should
this Government blend l.s legislation w.lh lhat of
tr.e Slates, and thus, as, the national powe", afford a
pretext lw in king tne security of this Brn'Sti capi-
tal a que.ticn ot p-aee oi u^r, then will Br ti^h in-
fluence be felt ¡n <itl its energy; then will it enter,
not i.t, h-retctore, s jl/ at d ircden'ahj., uitiour
political struggles bat with system, i neniy, and a 
a matter of pre e-ded r gin; then will u per id le our
publ c coun„iH, turm ihe bi-is cf a Butish f.'ctioa
among us, aind eventually startp the impress ot
England upon Amer.can legi lat on. And, sir,
who ca'i ciubf—who that acknowledges any alle-
giance to truth dares to doubt, that the influence of
England has been felt—deeply and dan^eroS-ly
It-It—in prcdu-r g th„t sta e ot cin^s ti h on b' ags
these measures no i cefore us? Whdt British
steamer, ioi il°l's th'c? je„is, has s ruck your
shore, wh s« s oekdid not v brate ihrcughoui the
lwd? When did f-e Bank ot England sp ak to
lh« commercial wo id, that jour p?per system did
not quiver in all its fibres1 When did your banks
so peud—when contract or indite the curiercy —
when did tney either of these, mini ut find-
ing ni England a reason for their conduc?
Never. And think you th-it a ration so vigilant tf
her interest as the British—so ambit.ous ot domi-
nion—so deadly hostile to this peopl , to liberty
here and the world over—«o ptone to interpose in
the affairs of all others—with motives so strcnr,
and means so adequate, to aid m the change of our
councils-—thmk you that she stood indifferent to
the recent contest, «hen, lirough the agency of her
«toaks, the uiatninery of the paper system, through
the curtailment of our i urrency, the reduction ot
our p.ice-, tne consequent d!stress andd «content of
the people, shs could affect lhat contest, and se-
cure tne triumph of her ineasun si No. Impossi-
ble. England takes care of England's m'erests,
wherever they may be; nor will she ever want
fnends where (hose interests require them.
But stop ! The Senator from s'pssachusetts, in-
dignant 8s when, but a moment before, he imputed
to oth ro ihe crime of beinsr. enemies to America,
exclaims, "I am tned of hearing tins British in-
fluence talked i f ' Indied' And wnerefore tired"!
Ha* not that sound been long familiar to him?
Heard he not those words during our recent war
with Ei gland?   hen that Eog'and, forgettul of our
common origm, rpg.srdle«s of ail the dictates of hu-
manity and justice, of religion and of honor—re-
gardless of the rights of civilization uself—em-
ployed the hereditary vengeance of the Indian
tribes against our people; employed the hatchet oí
indiscriminate rrassacre, not only m the field of bat-
tle, but m the ¡daughter, upon their farms, ot the un-
offending citizens tf the frontier—men and wo-
mfD, old and yo'tig—sparing not even the poor
little tni'dren? Heard he not thintho«e words,
when, in the solitude of th* wilderness, remote
from íil succor, tne Western seller, returning
wi h the coming night to h's lonely cabin,
might fi d that cabin wranned in fir-; might see
by i? bl ze the furious features of the brawny
savage ¿she r^-ed himself up fnm his deed of
¿e<ttb, holding in o le han 1 the blcedirg scalp, and,
with a w Id and horrid glee, brandishing wi.h the
o her the reeking tomahawk over the cioven brain
of tbe wife; whü. t the infant, yet alive, elumr f-r
piotection to ths mangled com-c of its motne<- and :
turned a merey-imploring eye «poa her murderer;
-—heard not that Senatoi of British influence then?
And if not, where was he? Where, m that day of
his country's danger, when wnh her borders m
flame?, her Capitol in ashes, her energies strung to
their utmost tenn n, she stre'ehed forth her bands,
and, with a parent's voice, demanded the aid, the
counsel, and courage of all her sons;—where in
that ¿ay, was the man who now, when England's
mtere&'s are involved, denounces Democrats as
public enemies, for i erasing obedience to a
Brm h td'Ci? Where then was he? Did he re-
spoHd to that call of his country? or did he scoff
at her calamities, and, utterly insensible lo the
suifermgb of his fellow-citizens from conflagra-
ti in and massacre, did he, as a member of the other
Hi u e, rnswer their cries for aid, by refusing
t\ui bread and cloth.nx to the t.oops marching to
the^r relief—m nhing to put out the fires, and to
save il_>' victims'! I ask these qiestion , and I ap-
peal to tl.c journiis ct Congress—yes, 'o th's whole
nUion—to answer.
Receit oct urrerce-, Mr President, have thrown
a dark pall over the face ot the land. Causes, in-
numerable, t ach in its way threatening the public
freedom, have collected about os. To those pre-
mclined to despondency, the future presents, there-
ior'". a dieary and a dismal prospect. But to the
hign heaited, untiring lJemocracy, ihere is nothing
m that future to excite teiror or despair, for, united
in purpose and in action, and rou=ed by the great
cbject of a nation's deltveiance, sueifa party cannot
be w ths coa in a cause so just and glorious. Cou-
¡age, lh«n, tav fuel d1-; let us draw frtsh courage
from the very preser.ee tnd magnitude of the dan-
ger; and wnh confidence unabao d in the general
body ot the people, lei us rally in one great effort
to the coming slnte. 'ih"n will the league of am-
tittoii and aiancf, now formed against us, be
sp^edilv IrikiB, then wdl ihe Constitution be re-
stored to fie, law to its dominion, truth to its au-
thority, and jubiice 10 it-s ngh s. No; let none de-
spair. Tne source if «11 power and of all hope—
the heart ot the nation—is still sound to the core;
s.ill are die lorms of ihe Government left; and still,
over our infant 1 berty, the guardian star keeps
watch in the tky. Long may it yet elude the search
pf the tyran ; pnd if, in alter days, when grown to
maturity, the high prie-ts and money-changers shall
consoi'e 10 bring it to the cross, there, even there,
m pi y and in mercy to pi or human nature, will it,
amid the lasi afony, invoke, "Fatter, forgive them;
they know not wrat they do."
REMARKS OF ME. SMITH,
\           or ^ DIANA,
lathe- HowA,of Reprtsentalwes, February 25, 1841—
Ou   the thvy 'appropriation bill;  the question
pending beiSg,on tbe motion of Mr. cSalton-
stall to augifient the appropriation "for the in-
crease, íepíiij'aríoameiit, and equipment of the
navy, jud we,ir ¿nd tear ot vessels in commis-
sion,-' irom gl,425,000 .o $,2,000,000.
Mr. SA5ITH, atier some preliminary remarks,
in t«hich be s«id ne should trespass but a short
time on the panencs of the committee, expressed
his intention to vote agamst the amendment offered
by thegen'leman from Ma sachusetu,  [Mr. Sit-
TOMSTiLL]
Mr. S. then reieired to the previous speeches in
favor of the amtidaient, an I commented with
some seventy on the inconsistencies of ceiiam gen-
tlemen in aueri.pt og to explain away their past
scruples ab -tut "extravagance," etc. Those gen-
tlea.en aiier hau íg, tor "the last few years, raised
an incessant c amo, aoout "retrenchment and re-
form," n jw appeared willing to act upon the very
system they had be n so vehemently condemning.
But, in order to escape the conclusion which must
neces anly oe diawn upon their s'range conduct,
they viced round snd now asserted that they did
íeallv want reform, but a reft rm, not of money,
but of principle. Now, wh?t was to be made of
this' C -uitl t'iere be a reform of principle without
a reform of money2 Coa'd «entlemen be said to
have reformed in principle, when, at the same
time, inpy were advocating the most extravagant
approi nations?   The idea was preposterous.   |t
