222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb- 1841.
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
Navy appropriation Bill—Mr. Smith.
H. of Reps.
was a distinction without a difference, and the weak
and miserable attempt at excuse would be preperly
appreciated by the public mind.
Mr. S. then proceeded to notice the aspersions
cast upoa the Secretary of the Navy, whom 'ome
gentleman had sneered at as a mere "novel writer,"
and had asked what could be expected from such
a person. In answer to this, Mr. S said he would
as soon trust the affairs of the Navy in the
hands of a "novel writer," as to a man who had
beea immured all his life in a law library. (Mr
S. here, the Reporter presumes, had reference to
the future Secretary, Mr. Badger.)
Mr. S. repeated that he considered it his impera-
tive daty to vote against the amendment, inasmuch
as it asked an increase of the appropriation much
beyond that which had been recommended by those
whose peculiar duty it was to attend to the interests
of the Navy, and who had it under their especial
charge. Mr. S. contended that it was to be pre.
sumed ihat those who had the subject under their
especial charge , ought to know best what amount
of money was required.
After some further remarks on the above head,
Mr. S said it would be impossible for genl/emen
to carry oat their promised system of reform unless
they commence by cutung down all unnecessary
appropriations.
My colleague (said Mr. S ) has said that he did
not complain so much about the amount of money
expended by the present Administration, as the
manner in which it had been expended. Now, he
(Mr. S ) was unable to comprehend the distinction.
Mr. S next proceeded to notice the stran e in-
consistency of the Opposition, in first raiding a
storrn about the amount of money which had been
expended by the present Administration, and then
ia the same breath proposing to run up the expen-
ditures of the coming administration to five times
the amount.
The mover of the amendment [Mr. Salionstall]
had pursued a most extraordinary course, for, but a
short time ago, he had been sending documents
through the land, complaining of the extravagance
of the Administration, and now he had been dt-
claming against the same Administration for "mean
parsimony "
Mr. S. then went on to show that the charges of
gentlemen that the navy had been neglected, was
without the least foundation. So far Irom the in-
terests of that branch of the public sei vice having
been neglected, it must be obvious to all who would
take the trouble to examine the documents, that t*ie
navy had been materially increased during the last
lew years. He then showed the great amount oí
money that had been appropriated lor that branch
of the service, and was surprised that gentlemen
should make such charges at. they had. He sin-
cerely hoped that they would, in future, tike the
trouble to examine the documents to ?ee what had
really been done, before ¡hey proceeded to make
charges so utterly devoid ol foundation.
Those who had thi  particular object under their
control were, it must be admitted, most likely to
know what was really wanted.
But Mr. S proceeded to say that the Navy
Board, like every other body who had a particular
branch under their caie, w-re apt to think that on
that particular branch alone depended entirely the
interests of Ihe country. This was very natural,
but it was the duty ot Congress to supervise the
estimates, and, when needed, cut down the appro-
priations recommended.
In saying this, however, he (Mr. S.) wished to
be understood as being willing for ample appro-
priations for the navy, although he would not vote
for an extravagant appropriation.
Mr. S. in referring to the feelings of Weste-n
people on this subject, said he did not pretendió
be an exponento! Western feeling, but still he
thought he had carried out (he principles on which
he was elected. But, («aid Mi S) my colleague
[Mr. Pboffit] was elected as a "le'oriv i " But,
let our actions, and our votes on <• i floor «ho*-
who has been the > «at refo mer The j. eople of the
West expected that the appropriations ought to be
cut down, and that, in their tpinion, was i eform
Mr. S. next proceeded to notice th* fortificauon
bill reported by Mr. Waddy Thompson, from the
Committee on Military Affairs. That gentleman
(said Mr. S ) has introduced a bill involving an
amount of two and a half millwns, and yet he
claims to be a reformer.' He reads us a ho-
mily about fortifications at the South, on the
Gulf of Mexico, etc. He tells us a story
that the cities of New York, Pmladelphia,
New Orleans, and o her great commercial cities,
might be destroyed, or laid under contribution by
an enemy, m our present defenceless state. But
he would ask the gentleman how we managed at
the last war, when we were much weaker than we
were at present—when our resources were not to
be compared with those we now possessed, and
yet we defended New Orleans, without any such
fortifications as the gentleman deemed necessary.
The gentleman wou'd bear in mind that the pa-
triotic sons of the West, with a few cotton bags,
gallantly repulsed the enemy, and earned death
and destruction into their ranks It was done then;
and if the same patriotism now glowed in the bo
soms of the people of the West, it could be done
again.
Mr. S. went on to say, that he was apprehen-
sive that gentlemen did not present their real ma-
sons for asking such large appropriations There
was something behind the curtain—¡>ome movement
which was calculated to be kept from the public
eye. So, in ouler to get the people to do that
which they would never do voluntarily, this cry
about the defenceles. ^tate of the country was
raised, as a prettxt f or getting appropriation5. The
only way to leform, was to cut r'o> n instead of in-
creasing, the appropriations. But gentlemen said
they were about to reform on prmaple That was
rather a strange assertion, to reform on principle,
without reforming in their expenditures. He wished
some gentleman would be kind enough to give a de-
finition of what was meant by a reform of pnnci-
pie, and a reform of moííey. How were they to re-
form on principle, without reforming in money?
Mi S. then alludid to ine fivonie measures
which the friends of the coming Administration de-
sired to cany, such as a high tariff, a National
Bank, &^. He intimated that the people, under
the present feeling of exultation ana excitement,
might easily be led to rally round any popular
leader, around whom ihey would freely rush for
the carrying of any system of "reform" he might
think proper to recommend. Tha people, at the
present moment, did not stop to reason, but were
under the inftuenc  of a high excitement. The fact
was, that now enthusiasm had got the belter of rea-
son But when the people should have time to re-
flect calmly, they would not so easily be brought to
support the schem s now desired. When the peo-
people should have time to look around them, after
the waves of political excitement thonld have sub-
sided, then •¡eason, and not passion, would rule.
But gentlemen tveie afraid to wait until that time.
They must sei/° the present moment, or they knew
they would have no hope
After some further remarks, Mr S. contended
that he would prefer the estimates of the committee
to those of the gentlemen who had advoeated an
increase of the appropriation.
But (said Mr S ) 1 have another reason, though
I do not lelyupon thai, foi voting against the
amendment By keeping down the expenditure ,
it would prevent ihe necessity of calling an extra
session It the appropnauons were kept wiiiun
proper bounds, there wi uld then exist no reason
tor a called session, and he presumed that, under
sucu Circumstances, ihe coming AdmmMration
would not dare to commit so flagrant an act «s to
call an extra session, unless, in the event of an
' extraordinary occasion," such as foreign war, &c
Mr S. concluded by saying that he would vote
for the bill as presented by the committee, unless
stronger reasons should be urged in favor of the
amendment.
REMARKS OP MR SMITH OF INDIANA,
On Friday evening Ike 26Mi nf February, 1841,
pen ting the same amendment
After Mr Wick sat down, Mr Pkoffit obtain-
ed the floor, and, at considerable length, gave his
views in favor of the amendment to the Navy Ap-
pnation. bill, and in reply to Mr. Wick, and to the
speech of Mr. Smith made a few days before on
the same bill. Mr. Pkoffit spoke of the position
of Mr. Wick, but regretted that he did not see him
in his place. He said he was imformed that his
colleague (Mr. Wick) had made statements deny-
ing what he had said of that gentleman's position
on a former occasion, if so, he stood ready to prove
it in half an hour. He regretled, he raid, to see
he was not in his place, but he hoped, if he had
any colleague that heard him, he would answer.
Mr. SMITH rose and said, he would not under-
tike to speak or exp'am for his colleague, (Mr.
Wick,) who was so able to speak for himself, but
he would repeat what he did say, as he understood
him. Hp said "that it was true that once he did
support Mr. Clay, but when Mr Van Buren was
elected Pres dent, he supported him, and at the
time of his elrc ion to Congress, it was well under-
stood and fully known to bis constituents."
Mr. Proffit proceeded and said, let his col-
leagues go home and tell the people of Indiana,
whose distr ets are against them 1,500, 2,000, and
thousands, that they have been deluded by coon-
skin-*, log cabins, etc and he ventured the return
from that State would rtmrn 0—pretty much what
it is now                                       ^
Mr. Smith arose and demanded of Mr. P. to
locate his ramarks, and state which of his col-
leagues had ever„in debate, used the words "coon-
skins" or "log cabin," or in any way impugned the
intelligence of the people. He said he had not
even heard suLh remarks.
Mr. Pboffit replied that General Howard had.
Mr Smith remarked (sitting down) it was not
brave to fight the dead or absent.
Mr. Proffit, after some other remarks mainly
addies^ed to Mr. S. took his seat.
Mr Smith arose to reply amidst loud cries for
the question.
Mr. Waddv Thompson gave notice that he
would enforce ti e rule, and require gentlemen to
keep to the question.
Mr. Smith appealed to the magnanimity of
the House, whether they would enforcs the rule
upon him, and cut him off from a reply to the re-
marks made by his colleague—made at broad-
cast—impugning himself and his colleagues. He
did not apprehend that such a course would be
taken.
[Cries of ' no, no' go on1 go on1" from all quar-
ters ]
Mr. S. said he did not propose to be tedious; and
that it should not be thought ihat his remarks were
totally irrelevant, he would say as much about the
amendment as any gentleman had said, and that he
would say in a very lew words, and that was, he
was opposed to it, and should vote against it.
Mr S. said, that in the remarks he made a few
da>s ago, he did refer to his colleague, [Mr pRor-
fit,] but regretted that he was not in his place. His
reference was very brief on that account; but what
he said then, he would recapitulate now. That
was, that he did not think his colleague was a cor-
lect exponent of public sentiment for the West,
when be stated that he would vote the amend-
ment, two millions or five millions for ihe navy, or
taat he would be willing to see the public domain
pledged, exclusively for the benefit of the navy.
Mr S said he kaew that the people of the West
felt a deep and patriotic interest m the navy. But
'hey were not willing to have its whole weight sad-
dled on them. His opinion was, they were willing
to contribute their due proportion for its improve-
ment and support, and that on fair and equal pnn-
cip es, and no more. He might mistake public
sentiment, but this was his opinion, and further,
said Mr. S. I am opposed to the idea of build-
ing up and supporting a navy m time of peace
equal to the contingency oí war. Such a policy
would be suicidal, and calculated to eat out the
substance of the people. But my colleague may be
right, and I wrong, but I trust this r^sue to the
people. He «ajs tie always was opposi-d to this
narrow, contracted policy. He said in the Legis-
lature, when it was unpopular to speak of distribu-
tion of the proceeds of the sales of the public
land, he had taken bold ground m favor of
it, and introduced resolutions on that subject;
when   graduation,  pre-emption,   reduction, and
