January, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
26th Cong""2nd Sess.
Prospective Pre-emption Bill—Mr, Linn.
Senate.
cession was the humbug cry, he always was
opposed to narrow policy; he had a contempt for it.
It was true, Mr. Smith said, that himself and co-
league, in the Legislature of their State, were re-
garded as very opposite in politics. His colleague
was then for profusa expenditure; and he was re-
garded as a rigid economist. He said he was sent
here as a friend of the present Administration, and
his colleague came up as a mighty reformer and
economi2er; but, though measures were changed,
practices were not. Notwithstanding the profes-
sions of his colleague, Mr. S. ventured to assert that,
if their votes were compared ia Congress, his
colleague had voted to appropriate millions more
than he had. Sir, said Mr. S. I have been with
my colleague in all his efforts at boastful reform.
I voted with him last year to reduce ih? salary of
the Commissioner of Pensions from $3,000 down
to $2,500. I was prepaied to go any length with
him in reform, and knew I should not hazard
muob. But, to my mortification, he comes out
this year, disclaims that act, and fays it is the only
bad act he has done since here. In his disclaimer
he includes me iahis crimes, if il be one; but, I can
bear it. I differ with him in the opinion that it is
the only bad act; I incline to think it ia the only
good act, and I am glad to share his good deeds,
and avoid the bad. But I must confess, said Mr.
S. I was somewhat astonished when my colleague
made the motion to reduce • that officer's salary,
■well recollecting, in our State Legislature, that that
gentleman sustained and supported ihe payment of
a salary much higher to our Chief Engineer—a sa-
lary in proportion to our revenues, about equal to
the sum total necessary for the support of the navy
of the United States as compared wilh the revenues
of the United States. Oor revenues at that time
was about $60,000, wrung from the hard earning
of the people by taxation, and the revenues of the
union not less than $40,000,000. Sir, said Mr. S.
the change from extravagance to economy in my
friend is in sound, not in substance.
Mr. PnoFHT stated the gentleman (Mr. S.)
might write out speeches at his leisure, &c.
Mr. S. replied that he was not in the habit of writ-
ing out speeches; he never had written out one, and
he was very careless that the people knew what he
did say. He did not write, speak, nor act for ini-
mortality, politically, but he was desirous, by his
votes and deportment, to represent his friends fairly,
and that he would do so no man knew better than his
colleague. It was known to his colleague that he
never was known to recede aa opinion for popular
favor, and he never would. Mr. S. said it was
easy to say bold things and speak big words—large
words were as easily spoken as small ones—
but it required force of character to stand out
against the storm. If my colleague insinuates that
I was not fully understood, at the time of my elec-
tion,^ the people, I feel bound to repel it, for the
credif*f my honorabk competitor, the Hon. Geo.
H. Dunn. I know, to name him, many will re-
cognise him and recollect him as a man of taienis.
Sir, his ability will not b« disputed. Then, sir,
surely if I failed, as perhaps I did, to make the
people understand the question of the Sub-Treasury,
it is not complimentary to him, that he failed too as
he attempted to point out its deformity, in seventy-
five set speeches in the district, before the election.
Sir, on no subject did the people of rny distriGt act
more with their eyes open, than on that occasion.
But, my colleague says, he teaehes his people. [Here
Mr. S. turned round as to afford Mr. P. an oppor-
tunity to explain the expression, "feac'' Ms peeple-"}
I do not teach mine; .they teach me. If they were
passive enough to abide my teaching, they might
assent to all I do; but that is not their character.
They profess to know for thetmelves; and if they
are not pleased with me, they will teach me to
stay at home, as they have the power and right
to do.
My colleague (said Mr. S.) speaks in tones of
triumph of certain defeat of all h;s Democratic
colleagues. How magnanimous this is I will
leave for others to judge. True it is. there appear
to be large majorizes against us, and it is very
probable that we may not be able to roll back the
tide of public opinion, all may be defeated, and
perhaps should be,
My motto is, the people will do right; but I
think he is mistaken, when he says the Democratic
party is a dead corpse, stinking and offensive, and
not worth kicking out of the way. Does he not
recollect that, at the ¡ate election, Mr. Van Buren
got over 50,000 votes, showing a clear majority
over the assessed polls of the State? But, sir,
this fact aside. The numerical strength of the
party should entitle it some respect, and it has
power yet to make a considerable stir, especially
in Ihe gentleman's own district. But (Mr. S. said)
he could not glory in the defeat of any colleague
wjth whom had been associated, and he avowed he
entertained nothing but persona! good will to any.
Mr. S. remarked that he had promised brevity, and
the marked attention of the House admonished him
of his obligation. He thanked the House heanily,
and sat down.
REMARKS OF MR. SMITH OF INDIANA,
In the House ef Representatives, Wednesday, March
3, 1841—On the amendment of Mr. Graves to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United Stales to buy up the individual stock ia
the Ohio and Portland Canal around the falls of
the Ohio river.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said he did not rise for
the purpose of making a speech on the merits of the
proposition of the honorable member from Ken-
tucky, (Mr. Graves ) But, on his side of the
House, simply to restate the matter contained in
the amendment ss it was, and as he understood it;
and he was satisfied if it was understood it would
meet with the entire approbation of the committee.
He thought it so reasonable that it would not meet
with any serious opposition from any quarter.
Sir, said Mr. S. it simply proposes to direct the
Secreiary of the Treasury to appropriate the tolls
accruing on the Government's stock in lhat work
to purchase out the individual stock, at the lowest
rate that it can be had, providing that he shall not
exceed a ceriain sum fixed by the law proposed.
Mr. S. said ihis bill did not take any thing from the
Treasury. If gentlemen reflected, the oppression
of that monopoly on the trade of all the West, and
the power of oppression it had over those important
interests, he was sure the Congress of the United
States would be disposed to take up the individual
stock, and make il free, as this amendment contem-
plates; widen and improve the work to answer the
purposes of the great and increasing commerce of
that noble river, collecting only sufficient tolls to
improve it in a suitable manner for that purpose,
and keep it in repair. This much I think the
West, and the people identified with this work, have
a right to expect. He said he could see no princi-
ple that could be brought to bear against it. He
hoped it would be adopted,
.    SPEECH OF MR. LINN,
or MISSOURI,
In Senate,  Wednesday,^ January 6, lif41—On,- the
Prospective Pre-emption bill.
Mr. Clay of Kentucky and Mr. Wright having
submitted their views of the subject,
Mr. LINN rose to make a few observations, and
to notice some of the remarks of the hisftorable Se-
nator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] which referred
to what he (Mr. Linn) had said, on a former day,
in regard to the application of force to carry into
effect the prohibitory laws against those who set-
tled on and used the public lands, and for whose
benefit pre-emption laws had been pa*sed by Con-
gress from time to time. Mr. L. had then ex-
pressed the opinion that it was physically impossi-
ble to remove, by force, those who are usually
termed "squatters" upon the public domain. He
had often expressed that opinion here and else-
where: it was the settled conviction of his mind.
And he now put the question to the honorable Se-
nator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay.] whether he
would, were he in the Executive chair of the
United States, wie'd the military power of the Go-
vernment in an endeavor to dispossess them? He
would like to see the man who would avow such
an intention. The orders undoubtedly might be
issued; but could the officers of the army execute
them, even if they would?   He apprehended not.
On this subject, it might be well to advert to what
had been said, and said so well, by his friend from
Arkansas, [Mr. Seyibr,] the other day, of this ex-
periment, when tried only in a very small way.
Orders were given to the military, and the officers
attempted, nay, did/remove the settlers from what
is called Lovely's Purchase, which had been
wrenched from the Territory of Arkansas by a
treaty with some tribe of Indians within the bor-
ders' of an old State, and for the benefit' and ac-
commodation of that State. The district of country
thus severed from the Territory was three hundred
miles in length and forty miles wide. The .
officers had no sooner executed their orders, and
turned their backs, than the inhabitants returned
to the lauds which they claimed. Their houses
had been burned; they rebuilt them. Their crops
had been cut up and destroyed; they replanted
them! They were driven off a second time, and a
second lime they returned ! Thus they persevered
until the Government gave up the contest; and
finally granted to each family, as an indemnity for
their losses, three hundred and twenty acres of
land; whilst those who had rejpected the laws,
and quietly quitted their homes, ia obedience to the
orders of the Government, will receive but one
hundred and sixty acres by a bill which passed lh's
house only a few days ago. Now, if the power
of the Government could not enforce its prohibi-
tions in the single State of Arkansas, at that time
a feeble and dependent territory, how was it likely
to succeed through the extended line from Lake
Superior to the Sabine rivei? Before such an ope-
ration could even be attempted, you must augmsnt
the numbers of your army, for the whole military
force of the country, as it now stands, would be
totally inadequate to to accomplish such an object.
The very idea has in it something ludicrous, not to
say Ctuixotic, to those acquainted with the nature
of the subject. It would certainly be a most
amusing spectacle to behold our gallant and
hivalnc officers occupied in drivingthe helpless
women and inoffensive children from their homes
and habitations, whilst their fathers and husbands
were ready, with their rifles, to pour upon them
certain destruction from Ihe woods and thickets!
The very attempt would lead to their extermina-
tion, thereby adducing a new proof lhat there is but
one step from the sublime to the ridiculous! The
truth is, that the law prohibiting such settlement
was practically a d«ad letter, and must remain so. _
In our early history there was no law prohibit-
ing our people from settling where they pleased
on the unoccupied public lands. The first law
upon that subject was passed in 1807, and seemed
to be intended agamst those who claimed lands un-
der the French and Spanish grants in Louisiana,
and the object was to prevent those who%ad only
an inchoate title under such grants from go-
ing upon the public domain, and locating and
surveying such claims as had not been survey-
ed; and a most iniquitous law it was. He
would speak with respect of the legislation of Con-
gress, but such was his opinion of that law, and
he conceived it might easily be proved. He now
repeated his assertion, that the attempt to pa«s any
law to restrain the American p*ople from settling
on the public lands w,is worse than useless. _ Con-
gress might employ itself in passing such edicts as
often as it pleased, but it never could have one of
them t ffectually enforced.
As to pre-emption laws, there were now whole
districts occupied under -thrm, which would have
remained a howling wilderness for years but for
t'ne settlers havin? preceded your surveyors; and it
is now an important policy to bringihose lands into
market. Thev would yield the Treasury millions
of dollars for' the benefit of General Harrison's
administration; and were it not for our pre erup-
tion laws, these districts would have been but slow-
ly occupied.
The honorable Senator seemed earnestly to de-
precate any changes being made in our land sys-
tem. Sir, that s-ysiem has been constantly chang-
ing from the very beginning. Up to ihe year 1807,
it is believed that there existed no law against tres-
passing upon the public domsm. Antecedent to
the year 1820, it was a system of credit, which
was, in its effects, a pre-empuoa law, because it en-
