amiary, Í84Í.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE 
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Barnard.
SST
flowed to the great centre of our moneyed opera -
tions—to New York; when due, specie was oidered
from the South and West to redeem thpm; and as
there was nothing in the course of trade to carry
specie back again, it lay there until events carried
it to Europe or the East Indies. This had bscn
the case wiih the Treasury notes heretofore issued;
they had occasioned an immense dram of specie
from the South and West; they had dene lmtnens 
injury to the South and We-1, tt,e same won'tl bj the
case with all that should be issued hereafter; and
he (Mr. B ) would look upon this b V, if ii was
acted upon to the extent of its l,jrnit, as an order <o
transfer five mil! ons of haul dodai- fnrn the
South and West to NewYoiksna ih'iade'phm,
thence to take its departure to Ltnope, when the
course of trade made it piofitabls to export
specie.
THE PUBLIC FINANCES.
SPEECH   OF MR. BARNARD,
Or NEW YORK \
In the Home of Representa'ives, January IS, 1841—
the House being in. Committee ot the Whole on
the state of the Union upon the bill maki-g pro-
vision for the issue of fire millions' of Treasury
notes—
Mr. BARNARD rose, and spoke nearly as fol-
lows:
Mr. Chairman: I had occas on last yea ■ to pre-
sent my views in regara to the issuing oí Treasury
notes by this Government, in the form proposed by
this bill. I have no doubt of me constitutional
right of this Government, beipg authorized by law,
to borrow money, and to give for such money its
bonds or its notes as evidences of debt I have no
doubtof our constitutional right to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue piomi.sory
notes, payable at a future day, with or without in-
terest, to such of the public creditors as are willing
to receive them, instead of receiving payment in
cash. At the same time, I do not think this the
best mode of borrowing money, or of paying debts.
Both may be resorted to under the pressure of cir-
cumstances, but neither should ever be without such
apology for it.
My great objection to Treasury notes as proposed
to be issued by this bill, which does but adopt the
provisions of the Treasury note act of last sess.on,
is, that under it paper may oe issued designad lo
become, and wiich would become, a common me-
dium of payment and circulation between tie Go-
vernment and its debtors and creditors, tni, as iar
as it would go, a commm money medium in circu-
lation in the community Sucí paper, not rtumg
on specie as a basis, 1'ke sound convertible bank
paper, but resting wholly on the faith and ctedit of
the Government, is nothing more and nothing less
than bills of credit I. is precisely that descrip ion
of paper to which all the evils and ail the odm a of
bills of credit attached m the earlier period-, of our
history, and is precisely what the Constitution pio-
hibits to the States, and wh^t this Gove-n jent it-
self has no authority to ernoloy. Tn se vtet.s, as
I have said, were expressed fully on a former occa-
sion.
At present I have otli3r and very different objtp
tions to urg« to this bill, or rath°r to  the  m«i i<re
for which this bill provides    Tm- is a fiscal mea-
sure, and a measure of rel ep.    As such 1 do not
agree that it is ei her a proper oi an adequtt^ mea-
sure.   It supposes that there is or will be a deficit
of means m the Tre¡isuiy to meet the detiands cn-
on it, m the whoie or some part of í! e yew 1841,
and that that deficit may araoant to five mm en- oí
dollars, but not more.   It supposes- also, «mee t is
not accompanied, as the act  of borrow ng by .n 
Government always should be, by «dine mea-ure
for ultimate   supply anl repayment,  that if   the
notes issued shall not be redeemed, a the oiil i se S
seems to anticipate on ii,s lace they will b , o„t of
current revenues wi hm i. e present jear, they will
be redeemed oat ot euuent revenues m the iear
1842, the revenue laws standing ju-t as ¡bey no v
do.   Such, indeed, m both the particu'ais now re-
ferred to, is the position aid argument of the ,iono-
rabie chairman of the Committee of Ways ai.d
Jrf. of Repá.
Meac?, [VIr. Jones of Vi'gmia,] who has just ad-
diesscd us on the subject
Now, sir, I think that, m all this there is great
and manifest error. I thmk, m the first place, that
«e want, for the service ef 1841, over and above
a 1 revenue and receipts from all sources, under
exittiDg laws, ten mill oas of dollars, instead of
fire, mclod"ig a sjaall and n^cessiry balancem
the Treasury, sut h a-, always should be provided
fe. A"d then, I think that neither in 1841 ncr m
1842 will it be pos ¡ble to r deem either <en mil-
lions or five m ..ions, or any other amount, ho vv-
ever «mall, of ou'stindmg debt, by die <>ppl canon
oí ordinary revenue, r-fter tie -unport oí Govern-
ment sralt have been provided for, unle-s ibce
^fn',1 be a material ame idment of our revenue
laws, made no , or made, at any late, at uc d ¡>-
ia-it oay. Toings remaining as they are, I c in-
put  an actial deficit fcr the service of the p*ecent
year of at least seven mill ons and a half of dol-
lars Tins supooses that the receip's irom cus-
toms m .y reach sixteen millions, the Seerttary
estimates item at nine e n million . But what an
empty account wnl the Treasury exh'bit in 1849,
when, as the Secretary shows, five mili.ons of du-
ties go iff under the compromise act, and whsn
the whole sum real zed from customs, as he th nks,
will nut exceed ten or eleven millions, of dollars'
How is the Treasury, then, (o pay all current ex-
penditures, and redeem also several millions of
debí?
These remarks will lndicatesufBcicntly the srounds
of my present opposition to this measure, it wants
propriety and it wants adequacy Money ough'
not to be borrowed by this Government on bibs of
ciedit, prepared and designed for circulation, nor
is thtre no v any such eyigenc as would ju-ufy a
resirtto lis mode of pa., nig eff the public cied-
tor- n pr imi p< ms'r dot fsb Thi.is one ob-
jection, tie other i , that, \. bedier it be designed to
pay with these notes, or to borrow With lliem, or
hot", the amount proposed to be realized is utterly
insufficient, in th? fust place, and thsn, no provi-
sion whatever is made for their redemption or for
snpplj ing to the Treasury a competent revenue for
the comisrgjear. In the want of fhe<e two things
—an adequate supply, by borrowing, m addition
to all receipts from ordinary sources, for the ser-
vice of 1341. and a pre ent amendment of the re-
venue laws, with a view to increase ths amount
kc ivableíor duties in 1812—n the vs ant and ne-
glect if thuse two thingt, it they shall b  neglected,
viiil an e in my op nion, an mevitab'e neces-ity
tor re otmg to an extia or early session oí Ci ti-
gress, at" r the piesent Congre-s shall have ex-
pired It is the s lemn and sacied duty of the (.re-
bent Ídmmistiauon, holding the political power in
both blanches oí the legislature, to take c¿re that
that burden shall not Ml on the Government and
the countrj.
Bu', Mr, Chairman, in order to understand how
inadequate this measure is to the real exigencies of
the pub'ic service, it will be necessary th->t we
shot Id possess enselves of a pretty full view of
our financial condition, and of the state and pros-
pects of the Treasury, and to this task I snail now
ad .tress myself
The gen'leman from Virginia [Mr Joxes] de-
preeves tie mingling of political considerations
wi h t u> diseus-nn  on this bill. I sir, shall, not
be the first to m'rodace politics into this debate-
Certamiy it could be no part of my purpose on
•h - occasion, to a«sait the Administration, or any
Lody connected with it. It would be o it of time
and oui o> chaucer to b°gm a war'a'e, at ih's
d?y, on a UI en <sn i expiring Admmi.tration
At •He -amj time, it must be apparent enough to
al thit,'  the Svreta'y oe ¡he Treasure m n's an-
uí! repuit, and the President m his mes age, fol-
lows g the Secretary, have tül°n into gres- r¡n «,
taisvke-, and miscalculations, in  the arcouit tney
bwe give; us or the rl-cal ope ation  and affurs oí
t-'e eon itr>',the e.rl^stopportum y should betauen
t) m„ka the nscessiry  coirections, and -et  the
iviole nrtter in us true and pit per light.   So much
'sdie to this Hou>e, \vr ch   mu*t at t offieíal'y m
the casero rtijch is due to the cauntiy, which has
a right to know, not only what  we do, but die
gioands of otw pioceedmgs also.   So macrui due
also to another interest, bound up intimately as it
must be, foi good or for evil, with the interest and
honor of the whole land, and which has a right to
demanl protection against all fraud and imposition,
if any such has been attempted, which I do not
charge, and, at any rate, against the evil conse-
quences to ikelf of erroi and mistake, into which
others may have fallen. I allude, of course, to the
in-coming Admims ration
Now, Mr. Chairman, Í believe that the cond.tioa
of the counliy, in regard to Us finances, ]s one of
deep enbarraaSuient and d'fiicul y, bordering on
bankruptcy ard dishonor. Government is the
a. eut of a great es'ate, ojí of o hieh it is the agent's
piopcr tu ire s 10 raiss revenup enough, year by
year, to -erve bo'h for it, preservation and its im-
protenent. Bif th-es'?'e has not paid l's own
wav. It has been, en the whole, perhaps, suffl-
c enily produc ¡ve, if good economy hsd been ob-
served, but, of what it has produced, too large a
share,! am ^Iraid, has goie tor the benefit of the
agent ? nd those in his employ. Tne owners had
certiinl/ realt/sd very little from it, and, so far
f'om any improvement h?vmgbeen made, the very
effort or attempt at iratwovement, in some matters
of the h ghert consequence, has been openly aban-
doned, and the mhentanf e suffered to run down
into a state of dilapidation and dscay. In the
mean time, vastly more money has been actually
expended, somehow or other, than ever before, in
th  same "pace of time, for the agent has found it
cenvement to seize upon and convert to his use, ia
his management of affairs, very many m'lhons of
property, not the current pioeeeds of the estate, be-
loEgmg to his owneis; all, all now consumed ard
pone. And, notwithstanding this profuse and ex-
travagant expenditure, besides the abandonment, or
ne^l ci, o'miiy valuaba' interest-,already referred
to, u i- found tbat, ,n many cases, the creditors of
the Government have not been honorably or fairly
dealt with, that claims and demands to a large
amo jit, and which cou'd not be resisted or deferred
with justice or wuh honor, have been denied or post-
poned; and, finally, that this agent is about to hand
over to his successor in office a deficient and ex-
hausted Treasury, and an impoverished estate, with
a heavy buiden of nndrclosed debt resting upon it.
Very duTerent indeed, however, from all this is
the view which the President presents in his fare-
well report to Congress and the people. It is evi-
dent that the PresiJent has done n this ease pre-
ci cly ii'at the hot orable chairman of the Wajs
and lie, n, has jusl 'o d m this House ought to do.
We ougti , he says, to re'y implicitly on the state-
*> ents "and es mst'ei. ot ihe Secretary of the
Treasury To wnom "should v,egc—to whom can
we gi)—bu. to thee, thou most wise and accurate
Head of Finance' Well, ihe President has done
ni , he has sat down humbly at the feet of this
clear-beaded Minister of Money, and learned of
him. Look into the report of the Secre'ary, and
t^en uto tie message, ¡?>d you will see that the
President ha- given us no lessons, no information
oi .nsttueton v hateve , vn fiaanee, but just such
a- he bad first Uarned out cf the financial gospefs
ace rdirg to Mr Woodbnry Hear what the !?ie-
sdents>a<s, Mr Cfiairman-
"Thp pre ent sound conditirn of their finances antl the sue-
«•is ¿tc ate mat en upon which the people and t.ovemiiMH¡
of the t'ti ted Stttes raav well conirrat ilate themselves '
"From the commencement of this period [the commence
«reni-ofhi-aiitmnistration ) tothepiesen  clay, everj demand
upon tne Go/etniten ,at borne dndabtoad, hois beeupcompty
' i he small -«mount o, Ttetsnry no e5 not e-fceedms four and
f lul millio •) of lo lata, sun outstanding &0, may be redeemed
o it ol-xcuu ng revenue,   ¿^c
1 i  available t a a^ce in the Treasury ot the 1st January
n xi i liltj i "stim-itt. 1 it one million and a hit! of dollar 
IMS biituii t tie exj.ee od reccy." from all «ottrccs during
tkaan ui  i I t a 'elioted he sufficient <o enabtt 'he Go
várame it to Steven engagement and leate a sunabte ha-
¡aiceinth   Ireiamv, ' &(,
I i„a i uthi- C.ovenmen l-,l -is is b~ti ied the «]H Go
ve-mfi hie havmeiullyait1 faithfully i oída t nacicli
t      ba  -i   oreiie\edise)fenttievfcomiiebI"
1 i ne f f s nete -«teJ t  re^tn iuit ma I, \ fa 1/ au hot ze the
as  i   onihtt i'ith  purposes f   which this Cover m nt was
|l   n-,   t e1 hue b en accom iiish.0 during 'tj   >ear       At
I   at     tl at this has-jeer done when the on ma y rrí uu es (Í
'     Uh 0) <.romen'wei8Berenli}deci ¡"Mi"    Ac
iIo«, Mr. Chainian, I am ioicsd to taae  ssue
wtth the President—oi rather, I shot: d say, wi h
his Secretary—on every one of these bold po-itwns
and s atemcat", and to give to eveiy one of ih«n,
