i&é'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Jan. 1841.
26fia Cong'-"2sd Sí-ss.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Barnard,
H. of Reps.
as I do, a bold contradiction and denial. There is
not one of them that wilt bear examination and
the test of facts. I shall examine tiiem in order,
at>4 with some particularity. In this work, I must
use such fads and data as I have been able -to
gather for myself, without the aid of those import-
ant disclosures which I had hoped, before this time,
to have the benefit of, under my resolution of in-
quiry, introduced at an early day in (he session,
and directed to the Secretary of the Treasury. I
hope yet, under favor of the House and the friends
of the Secretary here, to get the information sought
for by that resolution, before the sesiion end=;
when, Ibelieve, it will be found, the truth and the
whole truth being honestly told, that things are
even worse in the department of finance than our
worst apprehensions have led us to euppose them
to be.
Mr. Chairman, I begin my examination of the
positions assumed by the President—assumed al-
ways, I conclude, on the authority of the Secreta-
ry—with that unqualiSed ehim and declaration,
made, of course, to confirm and illustrate the some-
whit boastful allusion lo the general sound condi-
tion of the finances, and the success which has at-
tended (heir management—the declaration thai, in
the whole four years of his administration, "every
demand upon the Government, at home and abroad,
has been promptly met."
Sir, what is meant by meeting demands promptly'!
What would a business man be understood to
me^n, who should be found walking up &ud
down Chestnut street, or Wall street, proclaiming to
every one he niuht meet, while rubbing his hands
with self satisfadion, that he had promptly met
every demand upon him) Suppose it were uni
vewal'y known of him- on 'Change that, whether
dishonest or only unfortunate, he hid fuund it con-
venient, for a series of months together, 10 make
terms with many of his creditots, some of whom
had been kind enough," trusting to their knowledge
of his ultimate responsibility, and his general good
credit, to take for thsir debts and demands, due
and past due, instead of cash payment, his own
promissory note, payable one year after date,
bearing such rate of interest, not exceeding six per
eent. and not always above a mill or two, as they
could bargain for? What would be thought of
such a man and his bold declaration of habitual
and invariable promptness in meeting all demands
«port him? Wall, sir, what has this Government
been doing for four years pa it? In that time it ha«
issued twenty-five millions of Treasury notes—and
now asks authority to issue five millions more; and
of,.this twenty-fisre millions, I know not how
much, but very much of it, has been issued di-
rectly to creditors in payment, or rather in post-
ponement of the payment due to such creditor;—
yet every demand upon the Government has been
promptly met! One who pays a debt past due,
with his own promissory note, may change, and
dogs change, the form of indebtedness, but certainly
not the fact of indebtedness. If he gives a nego-
tiable note, he may change his creditor, satisfying
one by raising up another to take ¡lis place, but the
debt remains. True, in this case, the immediate
demand, is met; but how mei? Not, certainly,
with payment in cash, which is what the creditor
wants, but with a bit'of paper, which is nothing
more nor Jess than an authority to the holder to
go, into the money market, and borroiv, in the
name and for account of the Government, money
enough to pay himself with, of any body who will
lend it. Sir, brokers are a very odious tribe to the
present Administration and its supporters; and the
Administration has furnished, in four years:, more
business to brekers, through the issue of its pro-
missory notes and Treasury and Sub-Treasury
drafts, than they have had, I venture to say, out of
the operation-! of any twenty, or fifty, perhaps, of
the largest proprietors and dealers in the ian:l. In-
stead of cash payments, which the Government
ought always to mak*, it has deait extensively in
its own paper—its notes and i:s draft ; articles of
traffic and brokerage, and sometimes bearing one
value and soaretimes another in the market—some-
times above par and somsiimcs below. A Govern-
ment dialing thus with its creditors had best talk a-s
little as potable about the promptness with which
it meets demands upoa it. If some have been fa-
vored or fortunate enough to gain premiums on
their paper received from the Government, otheis,
1 am well advised, haví «uffe.ei losses on tbeits.
Some of the poor clerks in the Departments in this
city, I think, might testify to losses, if they would.
But their demands were promptly met, and they
were satisfied. Ob, yes; it was better t9 be satis-
fied with ibe loss of a small per cent, on their sala-
ries, than be turned adrift, and lose salary and all
together. Thsy is ere satisfied! And so was I
satisfied, sir, when, at t':e close of the last session,
I received, for a little balance of per diem due me,
first the Speaker's now, and then, upon that, a
Treasury note or two in part payment, though the
gold had been demanded at the Treasury, in my
name, for the whole—just by way of experiment.
Sir, it has been said, and the accounts of these
things have frequently been published, that the
drafts of the Government drawn on depositaries or
holders of public money, and issued to satisfy cre-
ditors, have often been protested and dishonored.
I suppose the fact to be so, though I a>n not pre-
pared to state it on my own or any certain and re-
liable authority. 1 feci much more cer ain of ano-
ther fact, and that is, tb.it drafts drawn by con-
tractors, agents, and officers—drawn under autho-
rity, and in due and legal form, on the Treasury,
for moneys due and payable, ¡sometimes for large
amounts, and where the exigency of the pubüc ser-
vice made the demand urgent and imperante—that
such drafts have, in more instances than one or a
few, been refused and rejected. It must be known
somewhere, and in some department of the Go-
vernment, if such things have occurred; I believe
they have; and, if so, it affords a most apt illustra-
tion of the boast that,"every demand upon the Go-
vernment has been promptly met."
But, sir, without dwelling further oath; paper
transactions of the Government, and its delinquen-
cies as a debtor under the use ofsueh paper, I will
come to some instances—a few, just by way of ex-
ample and specimen—which do not seem to me to
accord perfectly well with the assumption that
"every demand upon the Government has been
promptly met.",
In looking into the recent report of the Quarter-
master General, I was struck with the tone of just
complaint—so I read the document—in which he
there indulges. Last year he presented an esti-
mate, as was his duty, for the service in Florida.
That estimate was six hundred thousand dollars.
And now he states the fact that he was RnauiHED
to modijy and reduce that estímale one-half! Only
three hundred thousand dollars, therefore, were
appropriated. And what has been the conse-
quence Why, just what was knos-n must hap-
pen. General Jesup says: "there are outstanding
claims to a considerable amount, arising out of the
volunteer and militia service, which have been re-
cognised by the Executive, and for the prompt
payment of which funds are required;" and he
urges importunately, that, for this object aad for
current service, an immediate application be made
to Congress for at least four hundred thousand
doüars. I have seen a letter from a highly respec-
table gentleman on the spot, or near it, to his friend
in this House, in which the amount of arrearages
due to volunteers and militia, &c. is stated at not
less than §300.000. So, then, Mr. Chairman, we
have here demands for voluauer and militia ser-
vice in Florida, duo and past due, running-up to
hundreds of thousands of dolíais, recignised by the
Preiideni, and yet not paid. And why not paid?
Oh, of course, because there was no appropriation:
and how enn money be paid, be the Trea«ury
newr so full, without an appropriation! Well,
and why was there not an appropriation? Why,
that was cut down—cut down by positive order and
command—when it was just a  well known as it is
now, that the money would be required and want-
ed. In short, you—this Government—putting
forth a boastful claim that yon had met every de-
mand promptly—you declined and refussd, at the
proper time, to make an appropriation to meet
debts and demands which, at that very time, you
meant to contract and create; and this yon did—I
think you must be content to bear this impeach-
ment—this you did deliberately, intending to co-
ver yourself behind the legal excuse of '(no appro-
priation," from the approach and the reproaches
of your own delayed, suffering, and abused credi.
tors. You employ citizen soldiers in the field for
months toge.her; you promise to pay them and pro-
vide for their subsisteDc? and comfort; you suffer
large arrearages to accumulate against you; you
recognise the debt; but when payment is demanded,
your answer is—"no appropna'ion." The true
and only honest answer would be—no money.
That is the secret why you do not pay. It is in-
convenient, at least, for you, and you want the
next Administration to pay it. No appropriation !
Common honesty required you to make it at the
last session. Eat it was omitted then—then the
debt was only in prospect; now, however, it is re-
ality, and why is the appropriation not now to be
made? Look to the estimates of your Secretary—
do you find any such item there as this? No, no-,
after the debt has become due long since; after it
has been "recognised by the President," and after
the earnest appesl made by the Quartermaster
General—after all, your old excuse stands good.
You h.ive made no appropriation, and you propose
to make none! at least it is not in the estimates of
the Secretary—of that Secretary who teaches the
President to make proclamation to all the world
that this is a Government which promptly meets
all demands upon it.
Well again, sir. Before this Government puts
forth its claim to so much credit for honorable
dealing with its creditors, it seems to me it would
have been prudent at least to have taken care that
there were no very flagrant cases to be alleged
against it of neglect and refusal to redeem its faith
solemnly p'edged. By a treaty with the Ché-
rokjes, ratified in 1836, the United States agreed
that such Cherokee warriors as were engaged on
the side of the United States in the last war with
Great Britain and the Southern tribes of Indians,
and who were wounded in the service, should be
entitled to pensions. The Secretary of War in his
recent report urges the demand of these warriors on
the notice of the President. "Tkey are very desti-
tute," says the Secretary, "and the good faith of
the Government is pledged in their favor." Hers
are demands, then, due for four years, under
solemn treaty stipulation, and, during all that
period they hare not only not been met, but there
has been no effort and no disposition to meet them.
No appropriation has been asked of Congress,
none is now asked, nor would those in Congress
who might be disposed to have the faith of the
Government kept have been permitted by the
Administration at any time, I suppose, to pass an
act in fulfilment of this treaty. These miserable
Cherokee warriors, who fought for you, and shed
their Uood in your quarrel, wounded and disabled,
have leceived your promise of a pittance where-
with to render the fragment of their broken life
comfortable or endurable, and for years you delay
and refuse to pay as you have promised. You,
yon, do this, who make it your loud boast that all
demands on you are promptly met.
Mr. Chairman, there are other illustrations be-
hind of ¡he prompt manner in which this Adminis-
tration has m^t all demands upon it. Take the
cise of those works of public improvement, our
harbors and rivers, and the Cumberland road,
h ietofore carried on, but abandoned midway in
t.ue operations upon them during the last two year?.
The engineers tell us of arrearages on these works,
not as large perhaps as they were numerous-—de-
mauds outstanding against them; soms of which
must have been long outstanding, and not there-
fore promptly met, and many of which would not
have been met at all, at ¡east under this Adminis-
tration, if the engineers had not, during the last
summer, sold elf public property connected with
these works, expressly to taise the means for this
object Co!. Abert tells us that "sales were
absolutely ncc-ssiry, in many cases, in order to
rai«e funds to liquidate small demands against the
wurks." I have great doubts whether all de-
mands against these works have yet been liqui-
dated; and, if they have, the contemptible and
tarty mode in which it has been done aptly alius-
trates the ideas which some persons seem to ent?f
