£S0
26th Cong"««2m) Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ti easury Note Bill—Mr. Barnard.
Jan. 1841.
II. of Reps.
lo dtf nd that people when attacked, but to anuc-
paietnedarger by erect ng such works as will la-
sare their «ateiy, ?nd i"^pite them with confidence
in the means employed for th ir protection " Sure-
ly, this must be someta ng "for winca this Govern-
ment was instituted'" But what hi!  been done?
The Secretary recommends, for the Wea'ern fror-
tier, the erection of posts which thill be nuija nre-
proof, and so constructed as tc serve as deteneos
with a auia'l garrison "agairst any number r f men
not provided with artillery." Whit h<-9 been done?
Nothing, and notb.ng is thought of by l-e present
Administration.
Permanent barrack? and defences are wanted at
Buffalo; wanted at Platisbarg, where the work has
been suspended, wauled at or near Fo"t Gibson
the moM important and exposed po nt on the W ext-
ern lrontier, pos's are wanted at Spang nvei and
Maraisde Cjque, and the navi«a .not tin Neo-
sho and O-age requires to be improve t as a milita-
ry highway, one cr nacre posls are r'qiared on th?
Missouri, one on the St. Petei's, one at or near
Sandy Lake, another at Fond du Lac, the south-
■wes'ern extremity of Like Superior, barracks and
defences aie required also at o' re >r Detroit, and
others m Maine So at le?st sajs the ttuarterrna -
ter General, backed by the Ster-fry oí Wat, and
yet no me re notice is taken cf any ci these tnmgs,
¡n the estimates for the ye ir, than if  e had neither
army to piovide for, uor cotintiv to drfen 1
While on this point I may aiid, al o, that Col.
Hendnson, ComoiancUnt < t M't nos, funks, also,
that certain barracks are quit" ímlispui able lor the
force under lus command, which it would r quir<-
#150,000 to c nstruct He g U #75 000 in the es-
timate  as a special favor. Xne w ork, of course,
is to be done at halves
Among o'her objects, not of the highest magni-
tude, mentioned by Mr Poinsett, as icquirmg atten-
tion, reicrenc  is made to the importance oí conti-
nuing the surveys of our rivers and great lakes
for military purposes, ths want of new barracks at
West Point, the want of a fire-proof building for
the archives of ihe War Depirtmeut, and the pro-
priety at least of piyiog for the sites which have
been selected and contracted for, for marine hospi-
tals ou the Western wateis. Is any i otue taken
of these modest suggestion-1! By no means. The
estimates maintain a dead silence on the whole
subject.
A military post or two for ihe concentration of
troops, in thJ e ent of liosli Uics, is a very natural
idea, and ni t altoge her,' perhaps, be) ond the pale
0' those ihings "tor which t'>n Government was
constituted" The Secictnry oí War sug esis, with
this view, a posit ou near Alb my f i he Northern
frontier, and anoihei near S Leuis fcrihe Wes -
era, and lor the maritime frontier of ihs Gull of
Mexco, ha tbmki it >mportant to esiibl -h a,
c*epot for armeil steam vess h, somew h re bek w
the Falls of the Ohio With what hope, these sug-
gestion1, are m-de, we may imagine, vhen we find
ihe Sei retary at the «ame lime speakin  n a tore
oí ut er Jespa r, of his "hiving repeatedly recom-
mended, uhbodt envoi, the establishment oí a na-
tional foundry "
Mr Pomce t seem quit"1 n e^i-cst st!>«n be
"speaks of the neglected n'hta'/ i^fe^rs ot me
country Cf tie state of t we i'ef nc «¡ on ihe
x*Jeve*a bird-rand against the luc'ian , we n>y
jnd^r by wnat ! have -aul alreniv Nolo m, i ,
as yet, ron p ete or hirdi} approie'i r«c mplot on
in ihe de enees for I e lo i" ¡me oí boundary be-
t-seen th'1 Uni.ei S"*fo am the Br. shpo/mees
And a- fir oar miri'i-"e fionii-r, "tie v;ro'c
coas, ' s?y« the Sec ret rv, "from Pas imaqu >dd>
Bay to *>e SJ) up r \a, i > exnosed on ev; -v po nl
m c'eiendei by Kt ire, 10 bom adeo, i h impu-
nity " im'eed JntVe e 1i' a s i id   ruptare
Vii h a foreun Power, n* may s'r 1 p a íí>tal b>ow
at any ¡romt he pierio , '<e may lay o Ji c ties un 'er
cm nbutiun, or leduce tiem to ashes, aid pt Ilute
(jr^oi witn the f lot of hostile olJ.e v, and yet
i ,r- Admmijtration ( f tne last k ur 3. t'-, win h in
¡  1 ihit «me has failed to complete th  defei ee^ of
one Mrgle p^mt on ihe who e <-ja>i, 1 vr retire' ,
husjiog íuelf in its own n'pj"! wuh all stlfcci-
r ar-ccy, and decianrg that it has accomplished
all the purposes lot amcii tn s Government was
lasututett
Theie is another not unimportant interest, ihat
has fared even worse at the hands of this Admmio-
tranon than the nauonal defences. I rr>e<tn the
harbor and river lmprovcmonts. They belong to
c"imi,erce, ihe regu ation of which app rtpins to
this Government, pnd out of which it has its prin-
cipal revenue and support. The Administration
cannot shelter it clf here behind coiistitunonal
scruples. A. majority of- its own friends in this
House, I suppose, have nojSuch seruplei And
3et, for two yeais, every movement towards conti-
nuing the^e works—work's b^gun and prosecuted
half-way, perhaps to their ewmplelion—^as been
promptly met and voted down—nay, frowned and
trampled down. About three m Ilion of do.lars
are asked by the Engineers for these works tha pre-
sent year—ihe whole oí it for work  partly exe-
cuted—and not one dollar can or will be ob amed
In my poor opinion, until these works are finished,
nobody can say, with truth, that trie Government
has accomplished all the purposes, or even ihe
most important of the purposes for which ¡1 was
mitnuted.
There is one other interest which I must not
ODiu to advett to m this connection. That Admi-
nistration in this country which does not take care
oí the Navy, takes care of mthm¿ Ii n be guilty
of neglect in this qjarter, it i  guilty, indeed, and
de erves no cred t tor any ll-n g Ti is sin, if com-
mitted, should be d'emed uopard n^b] . Anl
what his this Ad 1 mislralion done lor ihe Navy
or r tl er «hat nas 11 no neglected to d< 1 I would
not say a uord to wound the estimable gentleman
at the head of ihe Navy Depaitm°nt I apprehend
it is not altogethei his la"lt, it ti e Navy bis ran
down, and that the «bole server i« in a mo t
\/'etched condiuon I suppose theie can be no doub
í h" Navy Commissioners es'ima'e that, for a long
time, the appropriations for "repairs," &c of ves-
sels have not Ken equal to the actual loss and de-
cay, wh le the ' increase" has been very moderate
It will bssten tbat, instead of any reform or im-
provement m this matter, less than evur is pro-
peed to be done the prcent j'ear.
It seemi that the task of making es'imates for
the naval -eivice devolves on the Navy Commis-
sioners, but at the same time they are not at liber-
ty to say how much that service really require?. A
specific and resínete I sum is given tlvnn, and thev
are to w ru ou the proUem with tm , just 'o much
canvass is furnished, witn which tMy ate requncd
10 dreis up a line ot batie ship m a full suit ot
spils, (hough there maj not be reillv enocg1! for a
sloop of war Oliteis and men must be paid,
stoies must be provided, and uavy3ards unt m
older tha. takes sj much, and ihen so mtch >s leit
for ' repaif " and for "111c ease ' For "repairs,''
a certain sum is miU pensable, 111 ordei to presen, c
a value m vessels and stores equal t> tnt- ougnal
cos  of the e\i tmg force alre-d/ ailoat And
now, Mr Chairman, what do you suprosc íe-jai jS
of toe restricted suni to which the Canm ssioners
a e limited for the "inciei<e of the Navj " m 1811?
Just mis huiared thowend doUns~ 'much l«¡s" ssy
the C miffl ssiomís 'than he average* annutl ap-
propria ions for this puipose lor the list tv->i t>
1 vt year*." Trie Commissi neis dec-iit mdisp^n-
«wüií. to con, l lc n«o steimers row in proxies,
and to co nm°r,ce a third, to c rapt te, al o, tne
fn^a e Coneress, a id 'o bu 11 another f ng-iie to le
flaee the Giieruerc, a d, for d] ihis, t iey are
limited, ly <¡n iron w 11 ao ve theai, ti the sum ot
one bur dredtoou ant dodjis, anil n, is called af-
eomol shi g all the purpa cs forwhich nisGovein-
ment was n tttuted'
I' camot surprise any ..ody, irt r wnat w have
now seen to finl i^eSeciet-ry of ibe Treasury m-
sirucurg tne Presiden to avk for frotber Uui 1 to
bs adaed to ihe brow oí tn'  Ad ministration tor its
finant. al achievem°nts. Wh le every demand em
the Government has been promptly met, and all .is
purposes accomplished, how will the world be as
ton she i to learn that all this has been done at a
time "when the ordinary isvenues oí the Govern-
ment were gi-neraly decreasirg?" A pretty {lam
intimation, as I read it, that the Administration has
had nothing but ordinary revenues with which to
acu mplish 50 mi ch The Secretary is explicit oa
luis pomt. "It follows, therefore," so he concludes
1 tLat the current re.enue, notwithstanding all re-
duction?, his been adequa'e to defray both the or-
dinary and extiaoidmary demands," &c. How
veiy just and tiue it is that tne Administration has
met a1! demands on the Treasury, and has accom-
plished all ¡he purposes for which the Government
was 11.S1. ut d, we have seen alreadyj and just
about ■"- near ihe fact is the assumption that for all
the expenditures it has relied altogether on current
revende It is true withm just about thirty-three
millu js, as rearly as I can ascertain. The Secre-
tary confesses, indeed, to eight millions received
from tne Bank oí the United States; but this, he
says, ven  10 pay off okl funded debt—a debt we
were ot'e i assured was paid off in General Jack-
son's time. And he remembers, too, that there are
Trea ury noies outstanding, but these are hardly
worth considering, b°cause they are sure to be paid
off n 1841 ou' of current revenue. We shall sea
about that diTCtly.
No, sir, the simple truth is tbat, in four years,
th s Administration, m supporting itself, and carry-
ing on two wars—one 1 n a handful of Indians in
Florida, and another on the currency, credit, and
business of ihe country—with very little done to
build up and sus!am the public defences, or any of
oui great na tonal ínteres ?—has expended thirty-
three raiUicns of do U,s over and above all current
le venues. Here is the brief but significant ac-
conn''
She icpirt pf the Secretary of the Treasury to
Cjn 'Rss, nt the Seplembai session of 1837,
shows th it there «a ot a/ailabls means in the
Iieasary (including fcums hen on deposite
wit 1 the Sta e ) en the 1st of January,
1B„7          -           -                       -|42,468,859
Tne o ¡i" J been received, subsequently
to ihu date, irom banks, &c and
found atailabla     -           -           .     1670,137
Deposited with the Slates
Leavrg m the Treasury, say •
There has   been received from fhs
Bank of  (he United S'ates oa its
bonds for stock sold
There has been collected on old mer-
ehai     Kinds          -
Tlure arc 1\ía jrv notes
ou s andina on  (he  l^t
Jamar,, 1841             - #4,C52,99l
O it oí win h deduct tne
balance'sum?ted to be
in the iXasmy on  that
di}r—(ihojgb. it is now
acknowledged    to    be
muebles^)"  -    - 1,590,000
44,138,996
28,000,000
- 16 000,000
8,000,000
6,000,009
3,000,000
Msk ng, E.lioge'b.er, a round sum of     $33,000 000
The Administra! on ha« got, all the while, what
it cou d oat o the estate—and the current revenues
humo' been si^all—ind n. has seized upon this
'ilea -nt ot tairty tniee millions of other pro-
I  n   be' 1 'iug to iU owners, and has used that up
Jso                                                                      F
'nl, lew, «Ii Chan -s,n, it is modest, to say
th< 1 «st oí i', m the he3d of finance to inform us,
1 "ou'i tl.i. PiesiJent, thai tne revenues', from, or-
iiiti-t y s ure s of course, to- there are now no
( <■■ , diminished, s he snys they bate been, will
bt foutH1 Aounaaut, n 1841, "¡0 meet every en-
ga?ement (di b or, Treasury no fa and all) and
•eavv. a su abe bala ice in the Treasury," &a. It
'!■> ieau red ei«i t 1 ih ons s year, besides all cur-
ret r«.v°t 'e, ior this Vdcoimsfaiiou to pay its
v. <ty—and it has not paid its way, for it leaves
lar^e airoun s oí debt behind it, as I will show, but
tierext Administration c<in get oa very well, not
on y doing without the yearly addition of eight
m í 10 is, but actually raying off, m the very first
tea-, severalm llions of outstanding Treasury note
debt— 0 say nothing now of other debt—besides
p.ovu'irg for all ordinary expenditures. This, I
say, is modest, and I must now examine, a little in
