Feb. 1841.                                  APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL <X
26th Co g....2nd Sess.
commended to our consideran n n he annual report
«f the Secretary, and having muradle relation wi h
the msasurenow proposed The whole subject, id all
its bearings, it one of very grave importance, and
to which the a'iention of Congress cannot too early
on too earnestly be directed The b 11 we ars now
considennii; authorizes the issue of Treasury notes,
not exceeding the amount of five millions of dol-
lars. It is urged upon the ground of a present
and pressing necessity. Greater means than the
Department is now possessed of are absolutely in-
dispensable to meet the current expenses of the
Government, and to discharge obligations devolv-
ing upon it daily We are assured, both by the
Secretary and the honorable chairman of the Ways
and Means, if the amount now proposed to be
granted is not promptly furni hed, there is great
danger that the public cedit will be dishonored,
and the public iaith violated. Howeter this hu-
miliating condition of our fiscal affairs may have
been oceas'oned, the line of our duty, it seems to
me, is plain and obvious. Ir, is, to furnish the ne-
cessary supplies, and to furnish them seasonably
Tne motion immediately pending is that just made
V? the honorable member from New York, [Mr.
BamtabdJ to strike out the enacting clause ot the
bul, m other words, to def at it altogether, with a
view to obtain the required mean —fir&t, by loai,
and ultima'ely by an increase of revenue, to be de-
rived from an a s-ssment of duties upon certain
artic'es now admitted free I r ?ret that, under
present circumstance-, I cannot concur wnh the
honorable member in the expedi ncy of this propo-
sition, not, however, because I do not deem i,
generally, the most el gible mode of supplying de
fieieneies—undoubtedly it is s-o, but merely because
it dees not seem to me to meet the present exi-
gency. I am far from approving this constant re-
currence to the uss of Treasury notes. Por
many reasons, unquesaonabiy, a loam  preferable,
and revenue sufficient for all the purposes of Go-
vernment, derived from the ordinary sourcs of
revenue by just legislation, is better than either.
But we have no alternative oifered to us The
pressure upon the Treasury is actually existing,
and has been for months, and I fear tnat means
cannot be obtained in the mode indicated by the
honorable member from New York, early enough
to guard the Treasury from the insolvency hanging
over it.
[Mr Barnard said he thought his propo«it.on
was not correetly understood. He propped to
buirow money for present necessities, either upon
the issue of scrip, or upon bond, and he was confi-
dent the credit of the United States was such, that
almcsi any amount could be immediately obtained
tljanbond ]
Mr Evans Unioub'edly, so f« as public cre-
dit is concerned, lh°re will be no difficulty jn ob
taming by loan whatever may be wanted Bin
can it be obtained ssa'-onably'2 How aie pnbl c
loans contracted? If upon bond, as suggested, it
s nkea me, that varies very life from Treasuiy
notes. The ordinal/mode is, to issue proposal",
and in this way to in vite coin petit>oi and thus to
obtain mote favorable teirn  For this purpose,
time is neces ary It cannot be done m an hour or
a day. Is it designed to vest the Secrstary oí the
Treasury wi'h power to i  ue bonds, wh.ch he mav
negotiate in the raaiket upon surh terr s as he may
see fit, or as the pre^sur-  oí cuca instances, ma/
compel him to accede U.7 I trust not I cannot
but think, therefore, that tre mode pirposed in the
bill under connderaton is the mobt pron.pt and
certain, and, therefore, in the nre*ent ex geacy,
prefeub'e. It can be rendered eiT=c'„al, rasiamir
The relief is, whit ihe ens s reqm es—inimedia e.
Besides, we must take this  or noth og This is the
favorite financial expedient of tnose i o-v in powei,
and of the majority of Copgress. What lope is
-there that they will abpndon it? la th s mai'ei v e
have no a ternattve We are driven to this ex-
tremity either to grant the relief m the only ff cde
the Administration desire it, or to permit the pub-
he faith to be oroken, and the national credit d =-
honored For mjself, *ir, I prefer to grant the re-
lief, notwithstanding the objectionable form in
which it is proposed, and I am the more reconciled
to H, from the consideration that it is the last lime
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Evans.
—u i es«, indeed, tne S cretary firds it necessary to
cah for another issue be¡ore ihe eit>e of the ses-
sion, to carry him saf ly through tne residue of his
remaining quarter, which is not very improbable—
the last time we shall oe forced n*o sttch a por-
tion. Hereafter, I trust, Cengfess wii i be allowed
some little freedom ot action, and bs permitted to
exercise ¡.orne discretion cf i s own, as to the best
mode of guaidtng against deSc encies m the reve-
nue, and of supplying them wtsea they occur—a
freedom ani,di ereiio  whtcn has not been vouch-
safed to Congress for many years. What has been
our experiercs duting the whole of this peuod of
perpetual1/ recurring deficiencies? Has Congress
been advised seasonably of the critical condition to
which the Treasury has been so frequently reduced?
Never. The Executive communications, at the
commencement of the sessions, have aimo-t mva-
nabiy represented oar fiscal affairs as prosperous
and suece sful Whatever of apprehension has
b en expres-ed, has alwajs been in such vagae
and indefinite term-, so ob eurUy shadowed for h,
as to at ract little notice, and excite no action on
tie part of Congress. Defeiences haye never
been acknowledged or antcipaed m the official
doeamen's Tne Treasury has experienced no
d fficulties but such as grow out ef ' fluctuations,"
teaap^rary in then character, and wcons d^rfble in
amour. Such is the general character o Execu-
tive comm mirations st the commencement of the
sesnin  or Congress But soon tbe <*ene ¡s
changed The Treasury is m distress The pub
he credit is in darger. Immediate relief only can
save it from ii«olvency. And how are these calls
made' To wrom is this nformaton communi-
cated'! To the Hoiu,e—to CoEg ess? No, bu
nnva ely—m lel"*rs to thj eimio ' <*s who h" ve
charge of a 1 matters peivimng to the finan; s ^f
the nation Ih"n follows trie b 1 p esis-ly as the
Executive recommends and it mu^ be hurried
through just in the shape it is repor ed, because
¡here is not time to dense any more effectual mode
of relief. This has been our experience m past
yea's We are always upon the brink of the pre
cipice before we are admonished of the danger.
Congress has been kept in ignorance of 'he trae
coidiiion of the finance1;, always as tired of the
great success which has attended the various ex-
pe'iments which have been tried, and lured on by
assurarccs of br ghtonmg pro=pec s It is so now
To" Secretory perseveies o the la t The coui-
trj,he *ei s u«, io pro*D rou , uv> finances  pros-
perous, the pro pecs rao i «-heenrg, the reve-
nues of the year will exc"i the expenditures
five millions of dol'ais, all the oats andiag
claims upon the Tiessi>ry can be met, a'l tne notes
heretofore issued redcem d, the puolic credit pre
served, the operations of Government succ'ss-'cliy
conduced, with a balarce ot nea> a tniHion of dol-
lars in the Treasuiy at the end of the year' Tais
is the exhibition wh en goes to the public This >s
ihe document which we publish and «piead over
the country b' t io isatids an 1 t-nsct thousands,
and to which th  peor le look for ínfoiirauon as to
th° irue con 1 i en ot tneir Rfai s The íaie Oi
tK s cfic al expo i rn is t íe 7th ef Decer b r la-j,
bu u does n t eenta n p< nformai ju on \ h h
the pre eat bi'l is founoed That was trsi miti U
to ehe &.11 in te • o-i the 21st ot Decemb-r, o i.y
founeen days afterwards Now, si , I oo not
doubt the pressure, but why was it not roreseen on
the 7ih of Dectmoer? Why ■" i= it not communi-
ca'ed t > us in tne ainual report ot ti« S c r*ar>?
W atoecured b«tween the 7 h and the 21st of
December, wuich eou'd not haie Kei, ana ojght
not to hav be n, antietr-at d, to renthr hisissuo of
notes ¡i^ceasarj? Tha Secretary ha h rase f n
fo'med us In 0-e fir>t place, an sppropri"! on bill
of ibout fou  hundred 'hoa and e'clh   had pa s
ed, mo<t of wmch would probab'y le °o n c1 led
for Might he not h?ve expectee' thi ' Did he
not know that such a bill would pass early in ihe
ses io i? It has been the constant practice for ma-
ny \ ears past. The corresponding bil' last >ear
appropna ed §650,000, and if this has, in any de-
gree rrm'ered a re-oit to Treasurj ne'esDece .ary,
the Sec e ary should hive foreseen i , -md recoj.-
memled it in -hi* annual r<?por Th n, he s iys, the
appropriation of §150,000 for tne paj men   1 ravy
H of Reps.
pensions is a charge new in i s cnaracter, and not
anticipated Granting this to beso.it is of com-
paratively small amount, by no means large enough
to justify acal for additional means io the extent
now dewed. Then, again, the duties to be refund-
ed on refined sugar exoortej, about pefiOfy this,
a'so, ought to have been anticipated Drawbacks
of this description are payable and pail every year,
and constitute a part of the ord.nary expenditures
of the j ear, and, al hough I do not say that rhe Se-
cretary ought to have foreseen this particular in-
stance, yet, with the experience of the past before
him, he ought to have taken into his estimates the
probable liabilities of the Treasury for claims of
this characier But, at ail events, this is quite
small, not sufficient, one would suppose, to embar-
rass a flourishing and well-administered Treasnry
so seriously as it seems to- have done. Besides
these, are "tome recent decision^ of ths courts that
appear to require the refur ding of more duties from
the Treasury to a considerable amount.*' What the
Secretary means by "a considerable amount," I
will not undertake to define I apprehend tí is not
very large, or the amount wou'd have been stated.
By the letters cornmun cated with the Secretary's
application, it appears tha the decisions referred to
relate to "soda ash," "gunny-cloth," and "worsted-
plush," all of wh eb, it seems, are entitled to-be im-
ported free of duty. What amount cf revenue
has been bi herto der vea from these sources, I have
no means of knowing, bull imagrae it is very in-
coas derable These, then, are the charges thrown
upon the Treasury between the 7 h and the 21st of
December, amounting only to about $650 000, the
most of wh ch etght to have been aouctpated and
provided fe, ve'lied upon to justify the call for the is-
sue of five mi'lions of re jure s to the Treasury.
JSow,sir, caí. 'hat be a successful tr prosperous
ad'nmistiatioa ot so v^st a machiae as the Trea-
sury ot this nation, which can be thrown into die-
order and derangement by so comparaavelf insig-
nificant a call upon if, even if wholly unsxpee'ed,
as a little over half a million of dollars—not a fi*-
tietn part of the expenditures of the year, and re-
quiring means to obviate ten limes greater tian the
assigned causes toemselves'2 JYo, «ir, these are hot
pretexts. They are suzed upon because they
happen to have occurred subseqjent to the date
of the annual report, and are a 1 which have occur-
red Bii'e Wiy were not the real causes ef the
embarra?s™">nts of the Treasury cimntun cated in
'ha' repari? and why was not Congress requested
| to ¡novide or the defiaenct? For tne reason al-
ready given That is a document for the people,
for general circulation, prepare 1 accordingly, with
a just admix ure of self-cjngratuiation and a
g ouuag account of the suecas of (he Treasary,
Dotwilhstand>ng many embarrassments and trials.
Sureiy that was not a place to expese deficiencies.
Si.cn an exposition would not have been in good
keeping wi n tne v?iedic ory p«"gyrie which the
Secre ary seems io think the occasion required.
Now,sir,a1 hougo, as I have already lemarked,
t'n ie is unquestionably a very grest pressure upon
the Treisurj at this moment, requiring prompt re-
lief, I am coas ra ned io say that the exhibitions of
the Seceta y upon this subject are for from being
Satisfactory. The explanauons wrich he offer&do
not show snch a pressing exigency ?s is represented
to exi4, and as uadoub'ed v dees exist. Efr/w does
it appear by hi  own sho «in,.? H® has Bjade no
comrnanica 101 diiectly to the Hojse, nor even to
the committee, but 'he hi. oraoieebairataB of ¡he
Committee o W^ysan1 \Ieanshas a private com-
.Tiumcat r, wnchne has used, showing (he em-
barra^smen s o' tre Department It ¡% not an offi-
cial doeumen', tie accuracy of   ieh we have any
mode of testing now or hereaf er. But what is iv?
t i'«t, as to the means cf the Treasury du'iDg the
rst q larter rf the year. Tee Secretary represents
them to be as follows.
Receipts from cas'oms, deducting draw-
backs          .... $3,000,000
Receipts from lands -           -           - 450 000
Miscellaneous sources-, and banks, &e.         50,000
13500,000
To this is to be added  he balance on
band at the commencement of tbe
