m&
AFÍENDIX TO fítE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
~£p TH Cok®....2nd Sess.
Jaft. Hit.
Treasury Note Bill—-Mr. Evans.
year            ....  1,591,855
Aad the power to issue Treasury notes
under the act of March 31,1840     -     342,618
F«r<mng an amágate of available
means for the first quarter of this year,
by the. Secretary's own computation,
of               -           -                    * - $5 433 473
The Secretary has undoubtedly estimated the re-
cejjts ol the quarter quite as low as. they will be
fottkd to be The customs he estimates after de-
., ducting all drawbacks, whether including fishing
bounties or not, I cannot say, although it seems
they ate^generally retained out of the accruing re-
venue. The receipts from lands he puts at about
half only of the average receipts oí the year, as
estimated by himself, and of th° average of ths sc 
tual receipts of the last year Why the receipt.- of
this quarter should be expected to fall so far btlow
the ordinary aveiage receip s of the two years toge-
ther is nowhere exp ained. I think it would be
qa te safe to add about $400,000 to the estimated
_j receipts from this source. But let the estimate
Stand as it ha* been given us, at $5,433,473
What ate the estimated expenditures of the quarter?
"They are stated as fol'ow
Far ordinary expenses, pensions, session of Con-
gress, &c -           -           -             $4,500 000
For debt of the District of Columbia - 80,000
For fishing bounties ... 300,000
For expenses of the Census     „          -      550,000
Farming an aggregate of            - $5 430,000
"whtch, ttaws be admitted, presses very hard upon
the means of the quarter. But it seem? to me,
that, on this side ol the account, the Secretary h\i
been, somewhat too liberal in his e limites He
has given us no items which go to make op the ag-
gregate of four m'llwns and a half for ord nary
expenditures. Does it embrace the drawbacks
which he has spoken of repeatedly as a charge
upon the first quarter of the year, and which are
already provided for, by deducting them from the
amount of incoming revenue?
The fishing bounties are included m the aggre-
gate of expenditures for the quarter, although I
should infer from the practice which the Secretary
says prevails, that they are also usually retained
out of the accruing revenue, and, if so, are pro
vided for m the same way    Besides, the Secretary
is hfs annual report, to «h'ch he iefer«, etabnas
ajaopg the «bardes falling upon the first quarter of
tos year, lbs expends incurred  by the«essiOn of
Congress, and "private bills"   What amount is
likely to fall upon the Treasury from "pr v*te
bills," it is not easy to foresee.   Fmm present ap-
pearances, nothing whdevtr, and the Seereisiv,
though h^ wishis hii> own quirtei to be amply pro-
vided to meet "priva'e bi Is," toes not estima e a
single dallar as 1 keiy to fall up n the whole year
iftrai that quarter    But priva e bilk do not neces-
sarily fall upo  the first quarter    Many of them,
and, indeed,all where any great amrimt i, in-
volved, require the- accounts upon wh ch they are
founded to be audited, often latan? m/>mh«¡, and
sometime* yetrs, to fi ish    the whole charge la«t
year for private claims wis about lourteen thou-
sand dollars, and I  ee no deposit on to increase it
greatly  the present.   Now, wr, n ak ng some al-
lowance'', ahica seem to me railed for, oa both
sides of ibe tcccunt, although it wculd .till present
a case requiring some ichet, jet it does not exhibit
a condition of -o much peril, and exemng s-o much
aiarm, as the & cre'ary evidently perouvts and
feels.    He  a}i>, on the 7 h of January,' I do not
see how it i  pj sib'e >o preserve the puoLc faith,"
&c, "any furihti d lay will place the Department
%n daily jeopari!,j ' &   , «it d r<  eii*teais' the speediest
acton possible "   1 dojbt aot lie has ju-n grounds
lor entertain ng tre e ap jfehen^oas    I have no
question tbe deroan s upon  tl,e Treasury are verv
heavy.    Calls. tor pa>mcnt aie uiuoubtedly rmde
for services lenrieced last yedt, an 1 n >i lh n pa-d
for, both,from a want of means ard from a desire
to keep down tre apparent expenditures if that
year.   The Admm strat on ooasts of >t<s economy
and of reduction oí expenses, and it is\ery disira
ble, no doubt, that "he exhibits-of the Department
should la>ru6h some grcnods upon wh'ch it may be
H. of Reps.
maintained.   No question there are large calls for
postponed appropriations, where the work has been
already performed and the matensls fuim-hed,
and which ought to have been pa'd for and chaigei
to the expenditures of 1840.    L rge arrearages are
f'limg due, and  creditors who have been kept
oft are becoming importunate.    All this  I  can
well understand,  and I am desirous of afford-
ing the Secretary suffie eat   means to   preserve
the public faith,  and  to  pay the public debt".
In  my judgment the   amount proposed  by this
bill is far shott of  what will   be required for
these  puiposes   daring    the   current year.     If
gentlemen   are   dtsposed   to   supply    adequate
means for the whole year, I trust they will enlarge
the amount proposed to be issued, or provide m
some other mo-le for a deficiency which must hap-
pen.   I am aware thst the Secretary of the Trea-
sury and  the honorable chairman of the Ways
and Means, adopting  his vieas and repealing his
e-timate , entertain a diffe ent opinion.   Tney tell
u«, as they told us last year   The revenues of the
whole year will be equal to all the expenditures of
it, thii is only an an'ieipation of the resources of
the latter part of it, when the receipts will be
greatest, for the service of the former part of it,
when the disbursements are heaviest.   There is no
deficiency of means    We desire only a safeguard
agam«t fluctuations.   All this we have heard be-
fore    I1 is the old argument, and one would sup-
pose that the honorable gentlemen who use {r would
be little distrustful of their own  iuc) Kiei¡t,  when
they recollect how widely they have been mistaken
before m their predictions upon thi> subject     Last
}ear, ihe honorable chairman, supported by two
other of my honorable associates on the commit-
tee, tMessrs. Atherton ?nd Vandsrpofl,] gave
us the strongest assurances that the issue ih n con-
templa'ed could all be easily redeemed withm that
year.   Well, sir, they are nearly all outstanding
still, and, so far from being able to redeem them,
we are called upon for a fresh supply, to be re-
deemed within this year—certainly to be redeemed
out of the abundant incoming revenues.   I ven-
tured to differ with the Secretary and the hono-
rable members to whom I have referred, at that
t me, and endeavored to dernonstiate not only that
the revenues, of the year would be inadequate to
meet the expenditures of it, but to predict that, be
fore the close of that se sion, anoth r call would be
nade for about five mill o  s rro e    Accord nst>,
in July, Mother call was made for tour m Iho ¡s
and a h"l(.   The eveat hippened pieci cly as was
antcpnted.    Congress, hoiu  er, tutugM it nad
pone    far    enough,    ar>d    d d    not   accede    to
the S-eietary's u quest,   lut, in   lieu ot if, re-
toitod    to   the  expedient ef  postpon nj   í   p >r-
lion   of   the appropriations to   the pr- cat yeat
Tm- expedient, osrethei  with  the ¡.ayrr ent by the
late B«pk of the Uni'e'i S ates of is   ia^t loid,
amounting to two  millions and half, enabled the
Treasury to «'either thettoims wh ch threatened
it, ¥ nhout, however, the redemption of the notes is-
sued undtr th^ act ot 31st March last, which had
b"en so confidently promised, ainoiinunsr., at the
clcsa ot the j ear, to near five million^    And, whit
is fortherto be   rerrarked.  al«o, if the Secretary's,
estimates of the receipts of la-t year ¡ud been ve-
rified by tlii  result-, if there had been no fal'ing off
m ihi cus oras cnd sales of land , he could not nen
have redeemed the outstanding n it ',   in Im a>i
nual report to tile last se si n, he e tmiated ths le-
eetpts ot he tear 1840 from cus'oms, lands, and
mi celUneou',   at % 9 600,000    It now appears
tint hey itnean'ed to J17 197,7bJ, falling <¡h rt cf
his e (¡males over $2 400,000     Kow, it  this- I st
st,*n ha i been received, and his expectations tht,s
iulniled, it is evident he could not have   r deemed
!he (.utstanding noe<;, evea with ih  aid of all the
unexpended sums m the T-^asury at the close of
the year.   Tne defiot ncv would su1! have  been
c ver too millions    With  this  recent < xpeneoce
fresh befoie us, what d< grf e c r  confidence can we
be expected to repoce in *he assurances now givea
of the ability of the Tieasury  to redeem the  pro-
dos d issue withm the current year?   I regard it as
utterly out of the question, not merely to redeem
tnese, but iropossibls, without other means, to re
aeem the five millions bow outs'andsng, which will
fall due at no distant day; and this I will proceed
to demonstrate.   At the last session I endeavored
t  Ehowj and believe did conclusively show, that
the expenditures of the Government for the three
preceding .years had exceeded its accruing reve-
nue, upon an average, about eight millions anna-
ally, and just at the close of the session I attempted
to demonstrate that the expenditures of last year
would exced   the income  by   nearly the same
amount    What has been the result?
The receipts into the Treasury from
the accruing revenues, lands, miscel-
laneous, and all the ordinary sources,
(estimating for the fourth quarter,)
were                                   .             #17,197,763
And the expenditures, for ordinary cur-
rent expenses were              .           .23,489,349
Showing a deficit of              . #5,291,586
The estimates of the fourth quarter, embraced in
the general aggregate of expenditares, ate Ave mil-
lions, b,U the Seeíetíry says that the other Depart-
ments place the am' unt higher. The probability
is, that the "others" will come nearer the mark,
and that the deficit will thus be increased. Now,
s.r, as well as I can judge, about a million and a
¡ulfof appropriations of last year, and which
would ordinarily have been expended then, have
been postponed to th s If the operatioss of the
Government, therefore, had been conducted in the
usual mode, the deficit would have fallen little, if
any, short of seven millions of dollars. It was sup-
plied m this way                                           <
The effectual balance on hand January 1,1840,
was f 3,246 749. In the annual report of the Se-
cetary, D cember3, 1S39, he estimated the balance
wh ch tnould be on hand 31st December at
$1 556,384, but it now appears to have been abont
§690,000 more. Why he should have been so far
mistaken so near the close of the year is not ex-
plained, and perhaps is of no consequence:
To the actual balance on hand - $2,24 6,749
Add receipts from Bank of the United
States and other deposite banks - 3,300,000
Excess of Treasury notes issued over
those redeemed      ...    1,675,488
Amounting to
Deduct balance on hand now .
$7,293,237
lí3ü,855
go* 631 382
By th s computation, winch probably is the bes'
m de of stating the accotm* of the jear, it appears
tint, for the ordmanj current expenses of 1840, ex-
ehwve of the redemption of Treasury notes, over
five millions and a haf, besides all the accruing
re^snuísoí the }cai, were requisite, and this after
the posiponement of so large an amount of appro-
priat ons as has been aheady stated lu any view
of the subjtct, the lesult is tie tame. With these
incontrovertible facts before us, whs.t reason is
there to expect that the receipts of this year*Will
not only be adt quate to meet all the expenditures of
it, bat ítill so far exceed them as to enable the
Deportment to pay near five mi lions of outstand-
lig note 1 Yet the Secietary expects that, while
in each of the last four } ears the receipts have
fallen short of the expenses'feix, seven, and eight
millions, the tables are now to be turned. The re-
cetpU are to tafee the lead, and to advance beyond
•b  expenditures, nearly as much as for four suc-
cessive sears th y have filien behind Tais will
certainly be a very great change m our financial
afans, and a very desiraole one I>t us see,
howe/er, whether it be practicable, and how it can
be effected In the first place, as regards the ex-
penditures of 1841
The S cretary estimates ¡hem, '-for ordinary pur-
poses, 'at   -           -           -           . P9.250 000
We  have   already   seen   that   they
amounted last year to    -           -   22,489,349
Showing a proposed reduction of - $3,239,349
The first question arising here is, upon what class
or classes, of expei ditures is this great reduction to
faiP Where are the items which make up this sum
to ai? If it required near twenty-two millions aid
a hilf last year, and over twenty-four mtliton^and
a half fer the precedtng year, to carry orf-taé-oídi-
