a38____________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.   •           .            3an. 1341,
26th Cong.••••2nd Sess.                                    Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Evans.                                                       H. of Reps.
casioned principally, if not wholly, by retaining in
service about 8,000 men called militia and volun-
teers. They are already m the service, by Execu-
tive direetioa, and the Secretary proposes to retain
them during the jear, or until the war be closed
The eMimat-is m this form-
For arrearages to militia, service of
1840         ....   1221244 02
For pay of Georgia vo'unteeis, three
monhs, 1840       •           .           .      23,446 OS
For the Quartermaster General, as
before staled        .           .           . 1,300,000 03
For pay of 1 500 mounted and 500
foot volunteers for the year 1841,
estimated by Paymaster General,    489,010 96
For pay ot one battalion foot volun-
teers        ....      77,206 82
For subsistence for militia and volun-
teers and inhabitants, eolimated by
the Commissary Gteneial of Subsis-
tence        ....     222,421 87
For Medical Dcpan.nent, by Sur-
geon General       .           .           .       16,000 00
For Ordnance Department, by Colo-
nel of Ordnance   .           .           .      30,000 00
$3,385,329 75
To show ft at the^e expenses are already par-
tially >- ncurred, and ara now going on, daily, and
weekly- and mo ithly, I will read from the report of
the War Dephrtment-
In order tnendu the ugular ibices available foi offensive
operations, a brigade )í Honda militia wig raised for the de
fence of Middle I ton id, ami placed imdei the command ot iirl
galier General Leigh lleadolthoTeiritoriat militia " * *
"The troops that were m tlie service ol the Territory in vtr
tue of a law of thet egislatuceoí ¡ londa, were musteied into
that of the United Stated, and foim pal t ut ,G(.neral Read s bu
gade, which has been increased tu 1,900 mounted, and 500 foot
men, and may be raised to 1 /iDO mounted, and 500 loot, a forte
"which is considuelampli íor the protect! mol^thalportion of
the Territory a^sl^n d to O n   Re ut'* command
"Xherogulai troops now in Florida amount to about 4,r>00
men, and the militia in "eivre to about ¿(100 t lecommend
that auihoiny be ¿men the Fvet utive to engaso the stivicc-ol
this desuipnon ol ttoop^ An a tvveh m nub, oi during the
jcontiruance of his ílitiesm 1 ¡nidi ííu tcnn til tlnec months
-jamuchtoo shoicto ¡i,soie clin íenry and fiequent eulmmuits
are a fruitful source 01 insubordination a  well as of gi eat addi
tional expense "
General Jesup aUo says undei dale of Novem-
ber 23íh-
"There art outsianding chums (o a con-i leiabie amount,
arimngot't of th volunteer and militia seiwce, whieh hive
been recognised by the Lxecutive„and fot the payment of n huh
lunlsarerequiied Mean? aie also necessary to ehrry on the
Bocvioo during the remamdei ol the year, (1B40,) as well as to
provide for tin, apmoael mg c impawn Hit urgency ol an
an immediate appropn ttion 13 thei fori, obvious "
Now, sir, from tuese extracts, H is obvious that
the mihlia and volunteers are aheatly m the Ser-
vice, and that it is intended to k« p them in the s< r-
vice. Tney are called out by the Executive for a
period ot three monih-., and, when that expiree,
they are dp-charged, and immcd a'cly called out for
another term of three months; and so on, amount-
ing to constant se'vice. This protably, the Exe-
cutive has the power to do, under existing )a#s,
and this, it ie manifest, he intends to do, and the es-
timates are fiamed accordingly. The authority
which the Secretary requests is, not to call out an
additional force oí 2,000 men, over and above
what are now m the service, lor a twelvemonth,
but to extend the teim tor which he is now autho-
rized to call then out, from ihree to twelve momhs.
if it be granted, very well, the expenses are not
increased by it, because, H it le not gianled, he
will exerc so the power he now posases, an 1 tike
¡ham into service from three months to three
months, as lo\<  a?, m his judgment, ¡t is nrce*s ry.
In either mo'e i he s ivice i, rendered, and Con
Kress mu't supply ihe mpans ot psyment. It is,
therefore, appareit that the a'pnpnat on request
ed, of near two and a half mi In <, is not ¡>t all
dependent upon whether C mgTss grams or with-
holds the author ty to call the in.lnia and vo un-
teers ia'o setyice fjt a tern of twelve moil lis
This expense is "oinjr. oi, ad will eo on «(¡es,
the Execuuv , afier 4 h M i'ch, order ihis descrip-
tion of for-s to b' d ^banded. If w II lot b" dine
before, aid, if dose thei, th" expen Vines will
probably amount to at le.s' a tin1 i n of dolíais,
which wi 1 fall oi 1841, but embraced witvn the
esttmites o'' the jear. To give a li t'e funcei in-
sight mm ihis exrenditure, and th° mode m Vvh ch
iterations m Florida are conducted, I will read a
letter from an officer of the United States Army,
of high rank, now on duty theie, not known to me
personally, but who, I am assured by an honorable
member ot the House, to whom it is adi're^sed^ is
a gentleman of higa reputaiion, and cf the strict-
est honor and veracity. Í am not at liber./ to give
his name; the reasons for which every gentleman
can readily appreciate. I wul read only the por-
tion of it bearing on this subject.   It is dated
' St Acgustíne Decemb r 31, 1840
"Bsfoie tt wis knot\n, la^t^umroer, whether the bill autho
n?m£r the Presid nt of the Unite 1 S tites to accept the seivicea
of not exceeding 2 500 valunteeie wonl 1 or would not piss m
Congress, a fbiceoi %0 mounted and oOi foot mnuia were autho
ll?edby the Secret ij of Wat tobe leccivul mto the service
ot the United ¡sta'es in Flouda Tee mounted fun was after
wards double 1, an 1 again m September increased to 1200, ad
tobe called Tonda mil tia, and to be mintered foi a term of
thieemon'hs The mounted force -s a  all mastered in, and,
when the fiist term expired, discbatzed, and re mugiere 1 for a
second teim oí thne month'' -ar 1 tins piacuce is to continue,
so as to perpetuate the fotce both mounteti and f rot, in «eivice
None of the foot weie mustered till recently and not till they
were assured the duty to be requlied of them AOtud nit take
them fiom home In yoin^t hence to Tallahassee, in October
las', I saw a letter from a he tte lant colonel of mihua m thi*
mounted foice, to a man woo was requested to laist a foot com
pany, m which H was stated, the men ol the company will re
main at home, md if any Indians or si^ns of the -a shall be di«
covered, word will be sent to the neaiest mounted foice to go
in pursuit This changed the disposition m several compa
nits, and induced the members to become foot men instead of
mounted Since mv arrj\al herej I have been furnished with
the following copy (from the original) of a Icttei from the Bri-
gapiei General in command of the Florida militia Its genuine
nesá cannot be doubted foi the order is m the handwutm^ ot
that officer It is propei lor ne to mention that there H no rio
rid i militia in Middle or L 1st PHi ida except a s nail company
umloimed m th s [die and m Tallahassee None else have
bad the least oi^anl-'atiotl sincethe com nrnrpment of the war
and the com [anus íunv n ^civi^e, and called flouda militia'
by ordei, aie made up ol «tich ac at^ willing to <="rve in them
— ionio residents m the count! v, many discharged soldier,
citizens fiom Geoigu, and some eimie conpames fiom thai
State
[Copy of Oria ]
"'Head Qo \rtT   .s Fr crida Biiigad*',
Nfwnans^iit f Dcl A 1^10
'"The Hoops oftheSelentaiy lid muy teivice, of which
C tptai i Uioí r's c nnpany is an integral poition, shall no',
at anytime, be ordiredon active duty, noi will it evet or
cur, (lining their teim of scrviu that they shall be oideied to
match a ¡^rciiti di-,tuice thru twenty míes h°vond the head
quoita i ol th irie pcctiie compa lie luty will be dnccted
to i em nn tt th< li usual places of ajo ie,and evpei ted to engage
tedtilously in thopuisnit ol then usual occnpitions
l iD'ilcd)                                '"ÍUGII KEA.D,
"'ling Gen Tiorida ling
" 'Captain itiiOLit Mandarin '
'This 'sclcntaij'seivico foi whnh Ihey are pud subsisted,
clad, anddoctoic l,la sugge lul as lam irebbly mlormel, by
the Secictaiy ot Wni lo t. neial Ri 11 His letters of October
last, will no doubt show it }
We have here some sccourt of ihe rardo of
conducting affans in Florida- "a sendent?ry infan-
try," "directed to rtmjin at then usual places ol
ab da, an<l expected to en^agí sedulcisly n the
purtut oi their usual occupation, " The value
and 'he economy oí this descnp'ion of force may
be 'n -orne decree appreciated by iha description
which G neral Jf:>up sivo< of ihe laborious duty
devolving.on Ins department. Aaiong others, he
instances "the examination of accounts purporting
to have been certified by volunteer a-id militia offi-
cers, for the Services of boaN, wagon^, ?nd oihei
means of transporta'i-n, and fcr supplies of fo-
rag<", fuel, building mat-ria'-, camp equipage, &c.
purporting to have been purchased, which accounts
are lound, upon investigation, to be entue fabrica-
tions, both m ceruficates and am iavits, or to have
been certified by the offices under the mistaken
idea that this wps tne proper mean of obtaining,
throush the amounts so chaiged, payment for sup-
plies wh ch they be'ieved should have been fur-
nished  in kind ti then men "
Tne result of this is, that, so far fiom aitifipal-
mg any diminution of expenditures on account of
the Flo tda var, ,m exte^s of eipepdilures in 1841
of two mi'lion  of tlol!ars ^eems mevtt?ble.
But, fnrthe . theie a'p other eypenditures fall'ng
opt n 1841, from which the Treasury was relieved
m 1840. The pj 'pon^d appro,'nations amount,
as we 1 as I can juJge, to about a million and a
hal In many ra anees, the work for which the
Rppropna'ion was <!e íjper! hss b en airead; done,
and the ma'r i? s fo*mshfd, upon lor if cat.ons,
fori", ord i nee, tid-."' yards, &c. The service of
184S, and the exp-nditnus con^"0,jeiit thereon,
hivs t^as been th iv n oi 1841; and are a proper
charge of jncret-p 1 e^penditure for the latter jea1-.
Tbe sum a'r'adv appropriated for navy p-nsion^,
|150 000, i> also a charge, ai a!ready slated, on
th s ) ear, from which the last was exempt,   There
are various others, tuch as the claims of Maine for
militia services, about $225 000, private bills, &c,
n ,where embraced in the estima'es; but all of this
description I will group togelh-r on a rule fur-
nished by lha Secretary himself, and which was
formerly practiced upon In his report submitted
in December, 1837, speaking of the expenditures of
th? >ear, he says:
1 The propriety of adding also the contingent sum of at least
one million of doltaisi to covei appropriations made bv Con
gie^s be ond the estimates, has been so fully tested by the ex
penence of seveial years past, that the coi redness of tbe mea
suienny no lonpei be considered as doubtful But the usual
excessof approbations thus made by Congress is not imputed
by the undersigned to any spec al inattention or extrava
gance "
In estimating the appropriations foi the coming
year, the Secretary embraces nothing for this con-
tingent sum, and 1m estimate cf disbursements is
predicated upon tbatof appropriations.   Now, sir,
to sum up th3 comparative expenditures of the two
year , now does it standi
Actual expéndame m 1840, for cur-
rent expenses       .           .           .   |22,489,349
Deduct saving on the í'ems enume-
rated by the Secretary     .            .          760,193
21,729,159
Deduct further, excess last year for
long session          .           .            .          300,000
Would leave for the expenditure of
1841, unless some further reduc-
tion can be shown            .           .     21,429,159
Add expen«e of census  .       721,000
Flouda war       .           .    2,385 329
IMavy pensions .           .       150,000
Tosipt ned appropn? tions   1 500,000
Contingent iuih             .    1,000,000
---------------.       5 756,323
Expenditures of 1841, based on those
of 1840 .... $27,185,488
This, is the sum for ordinary and cunent expen-
ditures merely, which, by the course of policy and
the measures of the Administration now in power,
has been thrown upon the present year, and for
which those who sre soon to administer the Go-
vernment are m no degiee responsible. I have not
included the debt due on account of this District,
being a charge of $60,000 more this year than the
last. Let that stand a? part of the "contingent
nullum " To this aggregate is then to be added
the rcdempti n o£ Treasury notes outstanding, is-
s ie 1 undf r formsr iaw0 esti «aied by the S 'creiary
at f 4,500,000, and w<* have the ¡-urn total for the
service of the veai of thirty-one millions six hun-
dred and eighty-five thousand dollars,(J31 655,000 )
Tli s e uma e, I am aware, diflV'i!, widely from
(hat of the Secretary. lie assumes that the ex-
penditure of the year, "for ordinary purposes," if
Congress makes no leduclion from the estimates
«■ill bs         .           .           .            .    113,250,000
For the funded debt and District debt          149,200
Fji ihe redemption of Treasury notes       4,500,000
Amounting in the whole, to .           ,    f 23,899,200
Before placing that i npl cit reliance upon this
estimate which the honorable chanman does, I de-
sire to see the calculations of the Secretary—the
minner in wnien he proposes lo distribute the nine-
t< en mill ons and a quarter among the different
branches of the service—where the reduction is to
fi'l When the honoiable chairman said that he
¡right possibly be told that the estimates of ihe Se-
cretary were not to be relied upon, be only repeat-
ed vhatis the common judgment of the countiy.
Expenence has not furnished us much ground for
such reliance; and, indeed, ihe gentleman himself
hbcred considerably to demonstrate the difficulty,
if not ímposHbili'y, especially m these limes of
"fluctuation," of forming any estimates which
would be likc'y to be venged by the results. I
read ly admit that, for myself, I do not place much
emiidence m tbe ?ccuiacv cf ihe estimates. Tney
<eem to me to be formed, not upon the «ants and
requirements of ihe service, bat in reference to the
abi ny of Ihe Treasury, and so formed as to pro-
duce a desired re ult. Sums total are assumed in
ihe first place, and then the component iie«ns ar-
ranged to meet the aggregate.   The Admiiusira-
