Jan. 184Í.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GtQBB.
26th Concj... ..2nd Sbiss
Ti easury Note Bill—Mr. Evans.
259
H. of Reps
tiOQ des=ire:> to make a favorable exhibwon of its
fi cal affairs, and to show that Ihe meo~e ot the
year will exceed a 1 its df-bur^emepts Nothing is
ea ler. Assume the receipts will be so mucn, and
Otvide it up among the va lojssotrces or revenue,
then assume the disbursements to be so much, and
frame ti e es i nai 's accord ngiy for the various
branches of «cr^ice, and deducting the one from
the otber furn¡*hes exactly the foregone conc'usion
I say it scms to me that ti. s is the modi, of pro-
ceeding, and tt is supposition is verified by state-
ments appealing in the dceuipents «ubmttei to us
General Jesup, m his report of 28th November,
a id also in his let'tr of 14 h November, says, "at
the last session ot Congress Í presented an estimate,
for tne service in Florida, of six hundred thou and
dolars; that estimate I was rcquued to modify,
and reduce one-half ' He did reduce it not
because the wants of the ser nee w^uld admit of it,
but because he was "required" to do so in conse-
quence of the condition or the Treasury. The re-
sult shows that the sum first proposed was wanted,
and so pressing was the recess ) that he required
$400,000 early in the pretent sess on, growing out
oí the reduction of his first esamate.
The same thing appears in the estimates for the
naval service, submitted at this session The navy
commissionei-., by whom these estimates are pie-
pared, say that they were limited to th^ sum total ot
five million and twenty-five thousand dollars. All
that wa*> lett to the r discretion was, to apportion
this sum among the various obiec a of expendí ure
in that bianch of the pub ic seivic  Sj much for
pay of orneéis and seamen, so mu„h for provisions,
medical stoie«, &e , so much for snpermtenien s
and naval construct rs at the several >ards, so
much for hospitals so much for increase repair,
armament, equipment, aid wear and tear of ves-
sels in comm. sion, and ^o much for improvement
and repairs at the navy yards, &c. How was this
aggregate of $5,025,000 obtained? Not because it
would cover all the wants and necessities of the
service—by no means No estimate had been
formed on that basis No, but it was a sum arbi
trinly assumed,- and the commissioners were di-
rected to make their details conform to it. They
p aioly inform Us that this is not enough They
ttnd themselves unable to allow more than $100,000
of it for increase of tte navy, out of which they
wish to nmsh the two steamers now beirg built,
and the friga'e Congress and to commcuc a new
steamer, which they wished to do 'ast jea-, out
"were only prevented from including in t le esti-
mate* of 1840 by the supposed necessity of liTitmg
the estimate  to a certain amount." It seeu this
sr.ode ot forming est mates «as adopted last year
also. In regard to the navy yards, they say "the
board are of opinion that much largei expandí ures
would be very desirab e, to place them in a proper
situation to operate efficiently in a p->r od ot wai.
It is manifest, therefore, tn t ihe estimates submit-
ted to us are not founded upon the interests ot the
service, or the wants of the country, but are arbi-
trarily as  umed to bang out a desired result In
any estimates so framed, I declare again I have
very little confidence.
If the expendi'ures of the year ate to be what I
have endeavored to show they must be, or any
■where near it, it is manife t that the revenues and
receipts of it, from oil source, will bo maaeq^ate
to meet them.
The Secretary estima'es the whole reenp'sof the
year at twenty-two milli in five hundred and e ghfy
thousand dollars Tei> wou'd fall shirt oí tne or-
dinary expenses near five mi lions, be rg a most as
large a deficit as existed last year
But to this sum        .           .           .   $22 "580 000
Add available balance on h&nd                1,58o 855
Expected receipts from banks           .          220,000
Balance of Treasury notes, authorized
by act of March 31, 1810    .           .      342 618
And we have the whole resources of
the Treasury for the year, as s'ated
by the Secretary himself     .             #24,723 473
In regard to these estimates, I lb. nk they are
somewhat nearer what v. ill be realized, than those
for the expenditures are.   I differ with the honora-
b'e memb r from New York, [Mr Barnard ] as
to the probable receipts from eustoms, and shall not
be surprised if they come quite up to what s sup-
posed by the & crvtary The rece pis last year
were not far from thirteen millions We all know
that bnei ess is recover nar from the stagnation and
lethargv m wh eh it was then suck. Men begin to
feel confidence, and look iorward in the assurance
that the coun ry is no iorger to be sfilicted «iih a
succession of v ien*ry experiments Importations
are much gr  trr now tnaa th°v were at the corre-
spondirg period of 'as., year—Í «hocld ti'nk nearlv
doi'ble, Hon eward freigats are quick, and rising.
All accounts irom theE gl h papers represent the
Ameitcin trade as bi'skly reviving It would re-
quire an increase of about h ty per cnt on iheim-
por at ons of last jear to give nineteen millions of
revenue, and this, in ordinary times, would be a
great increase. But the irportations of last year
w^re small, and the country is-omewbat drained of
ioreign good'. Probably we business in the latter
part of the year may dec me o some en-n!, ip con
sequence oí the great reduc ion of duties to take
place &i 31st December next Beside-*, the""© w 11
probably be a large importaron of free goods,
trom the apprehension taat duties m?y be "tnpo<=ed
upon tlem a* the nex1 esnn of Congress, and
this may, o some extent, check ihe imports ion of
dutiab'e articles However, as these are all «-pe
culaiions, which may or rrny not b" correct, and
aslcanno a sign reasons in which I have much
coi fidencomjself fo-sapposng the Secretary'  esti-
ma e g'eatly too large, I am willing to ad pt it, a&
showiag the probable receipts of t! e jear Wiat,
lher>, will be the defic ency? What amount of sd-
dttional means wj'1 be required to meet the expen-
ditutes of the}eat1?
Whole expendituie , asb'forestattd§3! 635 000
Whole re ouicts  -           -           -   24 723 473
Deficit        ...
Deduct Treasary notes p-oposed by
the bill
Deficit        ...
Add leas' balance which ought to
be m the Treasury at the end of
the year, the Secretar) s'ates
6,961,527
5,000,000
1,961,527
2,000,000
$3,9 6',527
So that, in addition to the sun now pioposed to
be issued, we shad r quue for the service of tne
jear, and to lea>re a sufficient balai e in the Trea-
sury at the end cf it, a fu iher sum of a> least four
m lUon* It is not talc to proceed vitt out it If
Congits-  will p'ovidc for the led option of ti e
no' s n"w Oitt«tardirg in some other node ansi
not make them cnaigeab'c upon t'-e revenje of
this year, m my judgment, n  fue millions now
prope sed will be sufficient to cairy Us thiough it.
The Sfcretary h mself seems to have some lurking
apprehensions that this t. ay be neces«an, for he
suggests that it miy Le found expedient to aatho-
rz  "a confact to ba mate, unde  propfr re,tric-
tiors, extending tho pen d oí p„jm r  cf a port on
of the temporary Irb 1 t es fab og due in that
year," (S841) This is \ery soft'} exwt, ed, U be
sure. He coes not recommejd hp ref~s.se of tho
Treasury no es, becau e he assured us they c uld
ell be redeemed ¡ast year, and he had j ist demon-
strafed that they cer i.n'y could be in this He
does nci even &peak cf them aa "Treasury pi-tes "
No, thi>v hate becom-* tcrijiorary babmt e " He
would pot russij  ihea, out wojld meie'y make
"a coitract" to postp ire piyment " How fai «his
ope ation \\cv\A d fftr from ? e'ett, or fiom bor-
rowing money, gentlemen c&n judse for 0 em
selves li strikes me as be ng vti> much the «ame
thirf Nou, sir, is A not appaient, tr m this re-
view oí the state of the. Treasury, and the pros
peets foi the currp t jear, thai iht re u a dtfi-ierci
in our reverur—a permanent d-Gc."nc}'i Bu' wo
have been told by the Seeretary, a«d it is repea ed
bv he chairman of the C mm t ee of Ways and
Means, il at ltw, meiely tempoiarj, nomirpl ra'her
•bint a', he result of the fltctjations between the
rece p s ard expenditures 11 different poruors of
the 3 ear I hardly ^now wba* ide°s g^n'lene i at-
tach to 'hese words, '<perm n nt" and "tempora-
ry " Tie receip's, every year, for four j ear* past,
have fa'len «hortof the expenditures, noon an ave-
rage, nearly eight muluns It mast ba so this
year, though to a less amount In the next year
(■1842) the deficiency will be greater still, unless
new sources of revenue are opened If this be sot
a "permanent > deficiency—a deficiency which has
existed four years—which now exists—and wilt
continue to exist and increase, unless some modift-
nation of the laws ailec ing the receip's ba made, I
C3nfess I do not know what a permanent deficiency
is Tne Seeretary mfoims us that the reduction of
dutiej next jeir will amojnt to about fi«s mi'lions
of doilsrs, and, unless the expend.tures be reduced
in a corresponding degree, there wi'l then be a de-
fic ency, which may be considered permanent, to
the amount o[ about five millions, and he adds,
"this may be considered th* first of that characler
which will recur under the tanll act of 1833 "
I do not see the distinction "?hirh Is in the Se-
ciet?ry's mind between such a deficiency and that
wmch now exists Under the reductiou of duties
whics has bet i going on, and the increase of ex-
penditures, we find ourselves wthout sufficient
revenue to meet the e-£pet,ses of the Gove.nment.
It wJl be so, to a greater extent, in 1842 There
miy be a difference in the amount of deficiency;
but I cin perceive none in the character of it both
setm 10 me to be permanent The history of the
last four years demonstrates that the deficiency is
not temporarj, not occasioned by "flue nations,"
by heavy disbursements in one part of the year
to be supplied by increased rejfipts m another
part The heavy expend tures have run through
the while >ear, and have been met, not hy accru-
ing revenue, but by Trea urv no cs, and by funds
x'hich had accumulated m preceding year , and
the cpittl «fhich *ws ii\esvd m tne late B¿nk of
ll e TJ i te 1 S ■> e All these rtsourcs h sve been
exhausted, «md that brings us to consider how the
Secre ary proposes to supply the defic ency of the
present and of future year^ Waat "plans for the
mprovement of the avenue" has he ' digested ard
prepared," as is his duty to do, by the act establish-
ing the Treasury Department? What measures
does he propose' In the first place, as regards the
present year, af'ei suggesting that a "contract
might be made to extend the time of pajment of
the 'temporary Itabili íes,'" and thus rel eve the
Tiea^ury, he announces that such is not his plan.
"The best mode," he says, wou'd be "without
eithei an extension oí this kind, or a loan, or a
further i sue of Trca«my notes, or a cnange m the
tariff, but merely by les en ng tae appropriations
below the estimates " That is hi, mode. If you
have not got revenac cnoush o cir y on the opera-
tions of Government, to meet us curient expense  
«nv, stop operations, neglect joar duty, abandon
the piotection ot the pub ¡c ínteres s That is all
very simple and veiy essy, and then jou will have
no deficiency, no <'"b!, no increased duties, no
Treasury note" Take no measures to supply
mean% but speid v hat } ou happen to have, and
stop there That i  the recommendation. But if
Congress thinks that ,s not ihe best mode of car-
rying c n th* public service, then he siuge«.ts "se-
coidfy measures " Enfoice the present tanft
la s, stop frau !s and evasions, modity the system
of dtawoacks ard bounties Really, sir. it strikes
me that these ought to be regwled es primary, and
not "seoondaiy measure  ' They sbou'd be first
resorted to, and th^t on o her ?nd higncrconsidera-
tions than as merely sffectme iewnue. Bit the
Secretary locks upon ¡hrin in no other Ight than
¿>« br ngirg money m o tV Tre-stsry, and even
¡hat he piefers iO d'spepse wifi fo1- ii s favorite
measj^e of redi'C ng appropriations below the esli 
mates Passirg over ihe political oftrce and tur-
pitude of defr ud ng the revenue, the evil «xam-
pl" of ^°rmittng jour lav-s to be viobted, the m-
jiuy lnf cled, not only upt n pabl. moras, but
«¡onf-e bos re«s end prop ru of bore^t mer-
cha ' p-d fa i dea e s, who piy then du íes
n iecately to ¡he hf , the Secretary «eeirs to be
coat nt, and supposes all u e evtils ar? >-i,ffic ently
ei ted or compensa ed, m relj d r<elu"ta« appro-
pi lation  below what be t>nt*el', ai u hose charged
with toe ?dmit>'s rpt ot oe t e G"\errrrcn% con-
sider to be essential for the public service.   Then,
