£40                                            APPENDIX TO TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             Jan. 1841 
28th Co3K>.«-«-8nd Skss.                                         Treasury Note Bill—Mr, Evan?.                                                            H. of Kcps-
as to "drawbacks," why hive they no; been re-
duced to correspond to ¡he tats of duties imposed"
Year after yesr we have been admonished of the
fact that the amount of drawback «pon certain
articles is greater than the. amount of duty received
upon their importation. Why has it not been cor-
rected? Who of the majority of Congress—they
who have controlled its proceedings aod shaped i it
policy—who has found time to attend to such
small matters as the revenue of ti e country, when
the great conteras cf party were at slake? But
this also is only a "second iry measure," not to be
resorted to if the primary one of reduction can be
carried into execution. What modification of |
"bounties" the Secretary thinks suitable, I do not j
nnderstand. Does he propofe abolishing the fish- !
ing bounties'? IS ro, I Khali be ready (o say some-
thing in regard to it vhen the proposition is dis-
tinctly submitted.
In the next place, as to the deficiency which the
Secretary admits will exist next year, and which
may be considered "permanent," what remedy dees
he propose for it? What modo of supplying the
means necessary to conduct the affairs of the na-
tion? Hear him: 'The idea that such a deficiency
in time of peace ought to be supplied by issues of
Treasury mites, or by a loan, has ne/er been enter-
tained fey the undersigned. Nor can it be counte-
nanced by any sound principle, cither of finance or
political economy.'' In tins sentiment I concur;
and can only regret that the Secretary has not
hitherto recomiíK-ndcd sune other lemedy than
those which he now lepud-atc. Then as to re-
calling any of the deposites with the States, he
thinks that is "not likely to be adopted."
"•Another practicable mode woukl be to resort to
direct taxes." Btst this he regards "unsnited to
the genera! habits, and un-n njomai to the opinions
of most of our population," and abandons, it.
"Some other permanent resource must, then, be
looked to." And what is (hat "permanent re-
source?" "The choice will res! between the Urge
redaction of expenditures, with the other accompa-
nying measutes beiore specified, and some exten-
sive modification of the present tariff. Explana-
tions itavu heretofore; bent given by ihc undersrga-
cd in favor of the former course."
Heic is the "permanent resource" which the Se-
cretary rvcemmends for supplying revenue—
"large reduction of expenditures." Now, sir, that
may be.t tole:able m de of obviating ~, deficiency,
but as a "permanent tiwurce" to supply it, to tar-
nish reverme, the idea is somewhat novel. And
the Secretary supposes that it wid probably prove
sufficient to im.ct the emergency, "if the ri auction
he pa-hed vig.-rous'y," and the impose; shall in-
crease. A "prrmanont resource" to supply an ex-
hausted Treasury, and pr-.vide (>r a driicieney, is
to • push a vigorous tp-'nedet!; and upon what
branches of the service is this In ¡'ah? X; k not de-
signed, I snj'pos?, to aloli-b Co.H'ress, or the Bre-
cuiive Departments, or to break up tun ifttenvmrse
with foreign nations, or to d'spen?e. v.uh the judi-
ciary. Theeivd Its; must be maintained, and ail
persni-s eoomcitd with it paid. Nobody sntjsests-
tfcat the army can be or ought to be redtieV; rcany
areof opinion th,;t ji on?ht to be increased. The.
army, a'sl, m«4 be pahl, suh.-Nteri, cbihetl, "and
all (he t'xpensrs atttudi.tii ijfu'i it inu-t be mi t.
Does any body propose to diasim-d the naval
force—ire namhtr • t pt-rmns actually eeepioved,
or thvir efin:'---r¡',i'itt.í Toey mu-t be ors.d "mid
led. Ot'.r Iryi.i.rt t'cades must i.e. fidioled; and
very heavy buiiiea.- h"vc been with.n a jew years
impo-ed ca  !i K u,m.-J Tn.asny fiuin ibis s- n-ce.
Where ■■fill you pn-'i "ft vigerous rejuc/u.n," then?
I can find bo pb'ce upon tmii this procrs may
be commenced -iml tarnee op, but fortifi-atiim.; and
'works of d 'f vv, or.-nsi , n'dr.anie, b.v tacks,
and incteate and improver,-;, n' of the navy an. 
savy yard'. VVb", tie-it Pro've snv ih.ng of P-e
actual <on*'il:on of tlnse varmes w O'ks an J nli-
jects, will reccmpiEnd *'a víhoí' n- redu-'iion" iv-rd
llead ihureports up_n Hksc-"^'?^', sab oitled hy
the Depar ¡«twits and i.tBcershpritsicb-vs:'- ol them,
and what a hpmira'tng spect.-e'e d-> we find "jtht-
bitcd, not to ourselves-aione, I tit to the tvorid ! fc'or-
tificattons unfinished, unarmed—seme of them
largely  dilapidated, j,nd requiring extensive re-
pairs; aisenals, already authorized by Cotigres-,
not built for want of means; barracks not com-
menced, or left pertiaily c.-mp'ii '; and it every
branch of the military service, pressing calis for
larger appropriations. Besides dies', how many
new works of defence have b"on rrojfrtej, and
strongly recommended to Congress, np^n which
nothing has yet been dote? The original plan if
defences, adopted more than twenty < ears ago, is
very far from being competed. Not only new
works are recommended as essentia! to the pn tec-
tion and security of the rnunijy, by distinguished
engineers and military officers, but ihey are called
for by the people in various ••-ec'ions, and pressed
upon otir attention by resojjjtions of S'pie Le-
gislatures. Our line of coast, as v,-ell ss of
the inland frontier, is yet very imperfectly
and inadequately protected, and muc.:>, very
much, remains to be den'; and jit we am
admonished to pn.sh reductions "vieorously."
Hot?.' is it upe.n ths lidian feonúer? Are we to
have perpetual pepee there? Look at ths recom-
mendation!! fiom the prop'-r department for milita-
ry posts, barracas, forts, &c. in that quarter. I notice
that the Governor of Arkansas, in his late message
to (be Legislature, complams loudly oí the neglect
of the General Government to provide suitable
protection on the frontiers of that Sia'e; and inti-
mates pretty dis'iactly that Arkansas «ill take its
own defence inf > its own hands. J- th;s, then, a
siti'able place for a vigoroai "push" for redactions?
And so opon the lakes and the Nia^Ara frontier,
there is a loud «all (or dci'mce, bur who h"ei.s i ?
Th  subject ii noi even oon-iidered by Ccn;"ess.
Evrry 'hinsf of public impoiMnee, of naUonal
1 eat (it, is abandoned, m obedier.ee fo the ¡Becieia-
ry'sreeommendi.iioii of the vigorous work of je-
dtiition.
Then as regauls the Navy.    What that looks at
the imbecility which has so lor-g marked its  admi-
nistration is Kurpiised at its present deplorable con-
dition?    Ships decaying, cr.ademr.cd and broken up
because they are beyond  the reach of repairs, for
want of early  and seasonable means.    Read the
report ol the Navy Commissioners on this subject.
The hrgnr portion of our  vessels seem   to be di-
vided into two classes—those "lit for repair," ami
those not fit.   Two ships of die line are now lying,
and have been for a longu me, unable to be repair-
ed far want of a dry dock at New York, which has
been so repeatedly «r.-ed; and of which the C-.rn-
mis-.ionerssay tin)', at the cost  of a million of dol-
íais, it is a "measaie ol true economy and of ver/
great advantage, wiih. i eft mice to the future repair
and employment of the. Navy."   I have no doubt
|   of the cotrecnes ot this opmion.   For wp.nt of it,
these tv.o ships ,->; the line vvbl be eventually con-
demned and  broken  up, and   their piare0, if Mip-
rhed at all, will betuppliid at a eo-i ¡oily tonal to
i    thti which would consiract t'.e dock.    liorv maüy
t   oihfrs are  destinul  to  share ¡he s Die in^lotious
¡   fale, for the .-.-me c. luse, no one can foresee.    And
y<i th'tS deary of the Kavy, f r ,-otiie reason   or
olhee, maltes no a'hision to the subject.    The Navy
Commi-iiontits, viih ihe clmraeicnstic boldncís i'f
iheir profes-ion, are not restrained by any sqeh   ti-
midity.   "Why should re aba- don the Navy,which
j   ha*  bptn our  p-o'ecti-.-n  and oi«r pride in  b"tt-r
I   times than thL.^e, when patriot.-m ha 1 some cUims
j   upen us over'hü.;C of p.-.1'.?    lVhys<c it sirki.i.'
I   lo moid die,!]? R.n-er let us .-«-1  it'nedc-r the ¡ am-
I   nur—-saee .«racthirg -"rom   th-:-   gen.r.al   wr.ck.
Sell it to jonn f'ofei;;ii Gove ra-neat  ve'sieh has il-,e
p.bi.iiy and the dr-po-ddca to keep i'scif in un n-u
i    lude of security and del  n.-e     Lei it sliil nd" ni:in
j   ihi; wav s of the teraa, whete it h -.s be for- ro-e in
i   tfiuG3ph, tsther tlun be .'.urh-d in i'• sands, or
I   s:n wu i>-o*i i*  >;mrc, pr.to s of < ur imbeciü-y and
|   our po/ett/.    Otti-r nai.- us. wi'h  rhieh tie aie
i   ¡tfcejy o con.e  in co'.isioj:. ¡f ive ire ever ;>--;a;n
I   dtivei to ho 'ib'.:-, a;«   Bis.hiie;, acta ' v's'Tous
¡   reditciou," bo    f. mío'obs  itnprover.'Knt  atid ia-
cse:>e of thru-  ¡¡a.ai ,-t:c.¡2ih, aad csptcally in
s-i aru lbi is of i.ar. wUu,-we are tmnia; i'o.npata-
lively no rung,    I have shcady spoken of the mise-
rably i.ifnflie.ent anoflnt estima'td for the increase
of the Navy ibis ye,;r.    One hO'f'red theu-,and d-1-
lars oaly—to c-mplete two steamers hot.-in process
of buiiJing; to coametsce another, whkh has been
a'p í'dy au'borizifl; to compleie the frigate Con 
? -'ss; to eol'ect mttena'i for another frigate in liai
of the Cuerriere, v/hich has just been condemned
and broken up, and to bear the same name; and to
build one of the small vessels authorized by the act
of 3d March, 1337, which has been hitherto omit-
ted, "in consequence of the insufficiency of the ap-
propriation." And for all this the Secretary of the
N.ivy i-as co restricted the Co-nmbsioners. that
only"$100,080 can be spared for it. For a long se-
ries of years pi-.st, the standing appropriation for
the ir.er.-aie of the Navy was half a million of
do'lars annually, s nd for some years a million.
Ko'.v, indeed, under the injunction to "push reduc-
t'cns vigorously," it is thought one-fifth of the sum
fill be suPkien t. This is the condition in trhicn these
who have had unchecked E.nd unlimited control of
public affairs for twelve years leave these j;reat in
tstests. This is all they have to show for the enor-
mous sums of money which they have expended.
And no í ,when they are absut to surrender the pow-
er ivhich they have so Ions wielded, and to hand
over these broken and prottrate institutions, to be
rebuilt, and le-cs'ablished in a manner worthy of the
Oüntry and of ¡he age, they begin to cry out to
"push the reduction? vigorously." Sir, X have
ircqvntly hear.! in this Hall and elseif.hare, of
lab; years, many predictions oí speedy hostilities
with England. Alarms have, from time to time, •
p-rvaded the country on this account; and í hi.ve
heaid many gentlemen display excessive patriotism
in denouncing the wrongs -which we have received
fiom that powerful nation. For myself, sir, I
have no apprehension of, and no desiie for, hostili-
ties wnb. Q-.eat Britain, I know we have received
inje-rie-; and I am deeply semiblc we have been
kepi uní of cur j\,st rühis by most unfounded pre-
i-t!J,'.n<. All tin.";- matter? still rettin negotiat'oa,
and, lb  "f're^ie'ent assures us, are in a favo;ab:e
train. Other counsels are soon to prevail, and Í
indulgí the fullest conviction ihat «ur rights will be
asserted, and our just claims vindicated, with an
ability and a spirit which must lesd to favorable
result-. But of those who think otherwise, if they
do not wish it, and have expended their patriotic
effusions in invectives upon our supposed enemy,
how many of them have exeried themselves to put
their own country in a proper posture of defenecí
How many of ihem are willin  now to vote the
necessary means to place the navy in an attitude
of only tolerable, r-r.ppeubd.ty? Observe, s r,
what a miicroblv inadequate force has lately been
ordered '0 tne E>st indies, vhere we have many
mvlkms of commerce afloat, at a time, too, when
the peace of di.it whole hemi phi re is in imminent
peril—the smallest and poorest friga'e in the navy
and a i-«all sloop of war only; and why is this,
e*.;Tpi from'his iinacciil policy of "pushing re-
•-•■i! nons v'goroush?"' Indeed, such vas the em-
tariassment of the Treaiury, that i he vessels, in-
smTe-á'.nt as the/ «re, were delayed near three
wtels, as I am told, for tee want of means. Tae
cireumttanc?". of this ca-e furnish another illuctra-
lion of the fa'lacy of th" asfertioa wdich die hono-
ralilo nifiiiM from ¡Saw Ymit [Mr. Basnard]
cein'-aiiej by many p,oofs, that "all demands upon
the Trta-.m-y h.id bsea prompdy me';" ard another
illnsfi-'.ion, too, of the energy aid promptitnle
t'hih c'lar-ieieriue the proceedings of the Navy
Uenarimenf.
• I have nndei.-tcod from veiy good amhori'y
t;at, in the piep?raiion for this cri'isp, .he puüer
of the legate had laid in supnlies to 'he ammct of
thirty thousand dollar*, and !ha: he warned twenty
■ hoii.san-i more to carry with him, ¡or the purposes
of the cruise, lie hud been req':'-s:ed by the Navy
Department to d-.Jay div.witi.-j for ¡his'.mount as
long as possible, in c. n«equence of ¡he inability of
ihc Treasury to furnish'the funds, He aceord-
aijly delayed r.mil ¡he vessel;, wore ¡eady fur rea,
gnd 'hen uvv foi SM.y thoasand dollars; five
iho'isand only were forwarded. Thi merchants
-.•ho had furnished the supplies bréame uneasy,
and tooited lo legsl proce-s to obtain payment.
The pu-ser w?s arrested and committed to jail;
from which he was released only upon Ihc assur-
ance cf Commodore Downrs that the vssel snauld
n:.t sad until the affair was adjusted. The D?part-
ment finally furaished the money, and, after con-
