Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£6th Cong-...2sd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Evans.
H. of Reps.
siderable delay, the frigate sailed on its cruise.
These facts are not within my own knowledge; but
I have received them from a gentleman in the
Navy, who had some agency in procuring the re-
lease of the purser, and who was acquainted with
all the circumstances. I should not repeat them
here if I had not (all confidence in fhsir correct-
ness. This is but an lllu.-tra'ton of the effects of
the policy recommended by the Secretary, of
"pushing reductions vigorously." Sir, I do not
desire to see unnecessary or extravagjut appropii-
afons, nor, above ail, wasteful expeaditures of
what has been appropriated. That is the great evil
of which we have had hitherto so much reason to
comp'am—the wastefulness and extravagance of
the expenditure, rather thai of the appropriation.
But I do desire lo see sufficient and prompt appro-
priation* made for the public servier>. We have
committed great errois on th>s subject. I verily
believe that our public work*, both naeal and mili,
tary, have cost at least twenty-five per cent, more
than was necessary, in consequence of the dilatory
and parsimonious appropriations which from time
to time have been doled out. In repeated in-
stances the work comes to a pause, because the
appropriations are exhausted, and after a lapse of
several months, or a year, when it is rrcommenced,
thousands of dollars are required for repairs, to
bring up the condition of it to what it was when
left. We are greatly too long in p-int of time in
the completion of our public works. If a hun-
dred thousand dollars are wanted to complete a
given work this year, and every thing is favorable
for the purpose, wé" erant twenty thousand; or, in
a moment of extraordinary liberality, may allow
fifty. Why are we so long in building our ship?-?
Foreign Governments come here, and at private
ship yarás commence, complete, and launch
st atners of war. of the best models and workmanship,
before v/e are able, by our procrastination, to lay the
keel for one. One of the most scientific and faith-
ful of our engineer?, having charge of extensive
and important public works, assured me last ses-
sion that he could demonstrate, to mathematical
certainty, that, in cosmqaence of the delay and
insufficiency of appropriations, these works cost at
least one-quarter more than they would under a
system of prompt and sufficient appropriations. I
have no doubt of it. True economy requires that
a work, once undersake-n, should be prosecuted
with vigor, and thai ample means should at all
times be at command. In this way, the person in
charge of it may always ^.vail himself of favorable
circumstances which are constantly occurring, to
obtain materials and labor at the smallest expense.
Much is saved in repairs; the structure is sooner
fit for service, and the public interests are in
every way promoted. But this is not the mode m
which our affairs are now conducted, nor the prin-
ciple upon which the estimates are formed, and the
appropriations made. How much can the service
be pinched, and embarrassed, and retarded by "re-
duction," seem to be the considerations which go-
vern the counsels of the Departments in their pre-
sent estimates; and at a time when every branch of
the public service is languishing and almost pros-
trate, the only recommendation submitted to us
fromtbe Executive is, to "pesh reductions-vigo-
rously. 
The Secretary, in closing his "last annual re-
port," enters into a review of some of our finan-
cial operations during the period he has been con-
nected with the Depawnent; and he states that
"daring this term there has occurred much to
evince in" great fiscal power as well as prosperity
of the union." Although "some reverses have at
times overtaken the rashness displayed by parts of
the community in certain branches of business,"
yet "the period, and the country, as a whole, have
been almost unexampled in prosperous develop-
ments." ''Notwithstanding unusual revulsions,"
and biennial reductions of duties and losses by
"officers, and banks, and merchants," -'our co di-
tion ha3 been so flourishing as to yied a levenue,
during that time, sufficient, after ali these deduc-
tions, to accomplish the following important re-
sults;" and then follows the enumeration of the
purposes which have been accomplished. All this,
the Secretary says, is "recorded evidence of the
16
prosperity of the country, and the fiscal abi'ity o
the Genera! Government." Now, sir, I have no
desire to cis'urb or find fault with this complacent
self-congratulation, but I desire for a single mo-
ment to consider what the condition of the country
really is. Is it prosperous and successful? Where
is the evidence of it? Tne National Government
embrrassed in all its operations, avid struggling on
from day to day under the pressure of an insolvent
Treasury; public works neglected and postponed;
public credit endangered. Then, as to the States:
most of them deeply in debt, and hardly able to pay
even the interest as it accrues; their bonds from
10 to 30 per cent, below par; their internal im-
provements abandoned in a great degree, and re-
sort to heavy taxes inevitable, with no prospect of
immediate improvement in their condition. As to
the affairs of individuals: what kind of business is
prosperous-? Manufactures have largely declined;
commerce, distinct from navigation, diminished;
internal trade greatly reduced; specie payments
suspended over a considerable portion of the Union,
and but lately resumed in the great State of Penn-
sylvania; and from all quarters of the land, as
with one voice, a demand for a bankrupt law, to
relieve the business of the country from the enor-
mous pressure of debt which now bears it down to
the dust.
How is it with the planting States—the growers
of the «reat staple of our exports? Are they pros-
perous? Why, sir, the marshal of Mississippi re-
turns to us that he has received for fees iast year
the enormous sum of eighty-seven thousand dollars,
growing out of the immense number of suils insti-
tuted for the recovery of debts. The batiks of the
State are unable to pay the small amounts still
due to the United Slates for deposites, and have
applied for still longer postponement. How is it in
Alabama, and the other cotton-growing regions?
Cotton, 1 believr, has been ranging last year from
5 to 7 or 8 ceuts—probaba not banging over 6 or
7 to the planter. I recollect to have seen it stated,
within a few years, that the cost of the production
of cotton was about 7 or 8 cents. Some gentle-
man can probably put me right on that matter.
[Mr. HrjBEiRD of Alabama nodded assent lo the
statement.] The honorable member signifies that
I am correct. The cost to the planter, therefore,
has been quite equal to, perhaps in some instances
greater than, the amount he ha-' been able to sell
tor. Is that a prosperous condition of thing? The
Secretary sa>s: "It is a source of great satisfac-
tion to witness the indications which the unprece-
dented amount of exports, during the last four
years, has aiven of the continued prosperity of the
country," &e. "Again: "The general prosperity
has been such as to create a Urge surplus of pro-
ducts, and to enable us to send abtoad immense
and increased values of tnem, however great the
complaints have been as to low prices." Now, sir,
if prices are so low as scarcely to remunerate the
producer, it doss not strike me that the great quan-
tity produced is very good evidence of prosperity.
General prosperity is made up of individual pros-
perity; and how the country, as a whole, can be
successful, when all branches of its business is re-
pressed, is not very apparent to my minti. Un-
doubtedly it is better to produce and sell even at
low prices, and thus furnish, as far as u goes,
means of extinguishing our foreign indebtedness,
than not to produce at all; because the laborers,
if not employed, must still be subsisted and clothed;
and if they cannot earn more iban half their sup-
port, it is better to do that than remain in idleness.
All that can be said is, that by reason of our great
production, though no profit is made upon it we
are not so deeply involved and so much distressed
as we should be if the crops entirely failed. The
grain-srowing sections of the country—;he great
West; the growers of pork and other provisions—
are they prosperous? Do they find ready markets
and remunerating prices? We know that it is not
so; and yet we have "recorded evidence of the
prosperity of the C3uniry." Sir, Í should like to
read this record elsewhere than in the universal
embarrassment and depression which broods over
the whole land; and all, all brought upon it withm
this very period which the Secretary has selected
as one "unexampled in prosperous developments"
—all withm the last eight years. The "recorded
evidence" to which the Secretary refers, is found
only in the va*t receipts into the Treasury which
have enabled him to accomplish the great results
he has enumerated. The Secretsry has not always
considered it in that light. The enormous receipts
alluded to accurred cniefly in two years, 1835 and
183 G, and in a considerable degree from most extra-
ordinary and unexpected sales of public land.
The receipts nf 1835 were about $35,500,000, of
which 15,000,000 were derived irom the lands.
The receipts of 1836 were close upon 49,000,000
of wh;ch over 24,000,000 were derived from lands.
Whole amount for two years . $84,303,051
Expenditures during same years  .        47.238.000
Escess of receipts .           .        37,065,051
These years, therefore, are the great source of the
vast receipts which the Secretary now regards as
"recorded evidence" of our prosperity, because the
receipts of the last four years have not equalled the
expenditures. Sir, I cannot but recollect how often,
within the last two years, I have heard the impor-
tations and the land sales of those years denounced
as "over-trading"—"speculation"—forced on by
bank expansions—growing out of fictitious credit;
and as the cause of all the embarrassments and re-
vulsions which followed. The specie circular was
issued avowedly to check the land sales which were
going on to such dangerous extent. What vehe-
ment denunciations have we not listened to both of
banks and of State debts, as occasioning such enor-
mous importations from abroad, destructive of our
industry and our resources? And yet it was thess
very importations and sales which furnished the
Treasury with money—now relied upon as "re-
corded evidence of the prosperity of the country."
Tne Secretary himself, in bis report to Congress in
December, 1838, says: "An over-flowing tide of
speculation and bank issues like that of 1836 is not
anticipated, while the recent evils and disasters
from these sources are fresh in remembrance." He
was constrained "at that lime to regard many of
the appearances of extraordinary prosperity as de-
lusive, the existing surplus as temporary and falla-
cious," &c.
By whatstrange process is itthat this fallacy, these
delusive appearances, have become entitled to the
great weight and the high authority of "recorded
evidence?" But, sir, not to hold the Secretary
bound by opinions expressed two years ago, and
which he may have since changed, we find in the
same document—thedreport of this year—a repeti-
tion of the same sentiments. Having stated the
great results which he has accomplished, he next
proceeds to explain the difficulties which he had to
encounter. "One of the greatest evils to the pub-
lic service, as well as to the security of private
busine s, during a part of the above period, has
coniisted in the fluctuations to which both have
been subjected." These fluctuations are exhibited,
among other proofs, in the great falling off of im-
ports, which, he says, "fell within two years from
near one hundred and ninety millions to one hun-
dred and fourteen; and in the single year just past,
almost sixty millions." "Such inflations and con-
tractions must be destructive of all confidence in
calculations for the future, while the causes of them
shall continue to operate unremedied. What are
ihese cau>es? They will be found to have been
chiefly connected with the abuses of banking. On
the occasion just referred to, thsy were the supera-
bundance of a fictititus medium of circulation,
with the attendant overtrading and speculations m
1836, and the consequent suspension of specie pay-
ments in 1337, as well as the disasters and scarcity
of any medium till the latter part of 1838." Then
another expansion, he says, and "increase of im-
ports of nearly fifty millions," followed by contrac-
tions, suspensions, and commercial reverses. "The
great principles of trade -can never be long
violated with impunity. And any fictitious or
unnatural excess of credit soon ends in revul
sion^f "&c. I understand the Secretary, in all this,
to affirm that in 1836, "the great principles of
trade" bad been violated; that revulsions neces-
sarily followed; that there was a superabundance
of fietitions credit, bringing on overtrading and
speculation; the consequence of which was, m*.
