242
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
263TH Cong.' "2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Bell.
H. of Reps.
pension of specie payments, disaster , and scarcity
of any medium, &c. He says, also, "some im-
prudences abroad may have augmented the evils
here." Now, if all this be so, I cannot compre-
hend how it is that the operations of these years of
abundant revenue and large receipts—operations
which have brought in their tram reverses, dis-
asters, and evils, and have mflicied such deep and
wide spread injury upon the country—how it can
be that they furnish evidence of great fiscal ability
and unexampled prosperity. According to the Se-
cretary's statement, we have been undergoing, in
pretty rapid succession, for several years, these
alternate contractions and expansions, or, to
use another expression of his, the communi'y has
been "kept under the constant excitement and de-
pression of the hot and cold fits of a violent fever "
Is that a condition, of health! Does it indicate
prosperity? I shall not now go into the considera-
tion of the causes of the revulsions and fluctúa
tions which we have experienced They may all
be directly traced to the action of the Government
itselfi and whatever of disaster the community has
undergone, the Administration is responsible for.
That 1 hold to be clearly demcna'rahle.
Mr Chairman, I have endeavored to confine my
attention to the present condition of the Treasury,
and to its probable necessities during the pre ent
year. As to what will be the state of affairs in
the next and succeeding years, I shall not now un-
dertake to examine. I have no expectation th-U
this Congress will look so far in advance as that
Very heavy burdens, I am aware, will be thrown
upon the coming Administration for many years,
by the measures and policy of that which is about
to close. Tne aggregate I shall not venture to
compute. 1 have already said that 1 should prefer
early act on on the part of Congress to supply,
from the ordinary sources of revenue, sufficient
means, not only tor this year, but for the future.
I deipair of that. The present measure I consider
wholly inadequate for the service of the whole
year,but it will relieve the Treasury from present
embarrassments, and keep the wheels of Govern-
ment rolling yet awhile. To the wisdom and pa-
triotism of those who are so ioon to enter upon the
administration of the Government, and to succeed
us in these saats, I look with confidence for such
measures as shall restore not only the revenue of the
Government, but the business and prosperity and
happiness of the people.
SPEECH OF MR. BELL,
Or lENNESS&r, \
In ihe House of Representatives, JanWv 20, 1841 —
The House being in Committee of the Who'e
on the state of the Union upon the bill making
provision for the issue of five millions oí Trea-
sury notes—                                >
Mr. BELL said it might well be considered pre-
sumptuous in any one to attempt to follow the two
honorable gentlemen [Messrs. Barnard and Evans]
who had preceded him on the same side of the ques-
tion presented by the bill under discussion, for all
who heard their remarks mint be willing to admit
that they were distmgui-hed for uncommon acumen
and ability. Nor (said Mr B ) would he have un-
dertaken so hazardous an enteiprise, wire it not
that the subject, in some of its aspects, had impress-
ed itself upon his mind as of far higher importance
than those gentlemen appeared to attach to n, and
he also felt constrained to differ with them in some
of the sentiments which had fallen from them m
the course of their remarks He hoped—indeed ho
did not suppose—that ihis difference would be
found very material, when those gentlemen should
come to make a practical application of their
views, nor was he satisfied that he had fully under-
stood that pertion of the remarks to which he could
not give his assent. But if he had not mistaken
the tenor of a senument expressed by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr Barnard ] he (Mr. B )
must say that he could not look forward with the
same complacency and satisfaction to that prospec-
tive redundancy of means in the Treasury, the
niereci.otem¡j)ation of which had supplied the gen-
tleman'  fancy with such delightful visions oí fu-
ture i aprovement and grandeur.   The other gen-
tleman [Mr. Evans] had also loomed a lit le too
largely, when he spóke, m anticipation, as it were,
in the atmosphere of an overflowing Treasury and
unrestricted appropriations. Mr. Bell said that
vi hile he had as little respect as ihuse gentl'ir^n
could have for tne narrow—he had almost said ihe
mean—spirit of parsimony which appeared, all at
once, to have become the favorite policy of the ex
piring Administration, yet he still he d that there
was a real and substantial merit in ecn^my in ihe
administration of a Government, as well as in pri-
vate affairs. He acknowledged ihat there might be
an ill-timed and turned system of expenditure upon
great and indispensable establi-hTien's *hjch would
be a false economy, and prodactive, in the erd, of
a far greater dram upon the public treasure, than a
more tree and liberal use of it; yet, as a general
rule, and when \te come to trace tne outlines of a
policy best adapted to a free sysiemof government,
economy in the public expenditures and allowances
of every kind must ever stand as one of the most
essential features of it, while profusion and extra-
vagance will always be the most certain means of
undermining the most skilfully devised fabric of li-
berty, and ultimately of destroying the very founda-
tions of all real prosperity.
The other considerations incidentally conneetfd
with the subject under debate, and which had ap-
peared to Mr. B not to have been sufficiently re-
girded and pressed by the gentlemen who had pre-
ceded him, were, first, whether the amount of
means propos d by the bill now presentid vas not
much below the ne"c«si ics of the Treasury, and
whethfr thit. was nut the mist suitable o^a^ioi
which could awe during the session for providing
an adequate supply tor the service of tae whole
year, (1841;) and, secondly, whether the propriety
of making some immediate provision for supp ying
the much larger deficiency which would occur m
the revenue of the year 1842 was not equally ma-
nifest.
Both these questions, said Mr. B are directly
connected with another of omsiderable interest and
importance to the country, ih.it is, whether we are
to have a called session < f the National Legisla
ture. It the means provided by this bill are not
snfhcient to meet the demands upon the Treasury
during the whole y 'ar, or if it shall te found that
great and vital public interests require that provi-
sion shall be made in advance for the deficit which
is certain to appear in the revenue of next year,
(1842.) and it is not done now, an extra session of
Congress will be unavoidable. Upon this point, I
desire to address my remarks chiefly to trie gemle-
men who are m the majority m this House, and
who still control ti e administration of public af-
fairs It if sis with them to saywheherwe shall
have a cal'ed session or not, and with them, I pro-
pose to demonstrate, must rest the responsibility of
all the inconvenience and expense which will at-
tend such a step. They now hold all the power in
tneir own hands Taey can move effectually m
wha ever may be necessary to be done. We can-
not move at all, in the piesent organization of the
House. Our hand, are tied. They cannot only
provide adequate means for the service of the pre-
sent year, but the}, ai.d they only, can provide in
due time for the deficient y of the next, without the
extrae rdinary charge oí a special .session We
can only express out sentiments They, only, can
act, for they have the mdjoiuy m both Hous-s of
Congres .
The gentleman from Maine (Mr. Evans) has
c mlcnted himself with c'emonstra'.flg that there is
a clear necessity for parsing this bid authorizing
the is ue of fiv millions oi Treasury note , that
five mil ions, at least, will be necessary for the ser-
vice ot this year, (1841,) but leaves the question of
further supply for the strvice of the present year,
and the grant of that tupplv, to be brought up and
acted upon tome other day before the close of the
session, and, as to the necessity of meeting in ad-
vance the anticipated deficiency in the revenue of
the enduing year, he is wholly silent Has that
gentleman reflected how improbable it is that our
opponents, when th«y find the m ans provided by
this bill ample enough for the time they remain in
power, will trouble themselves to make any very
careful scrutiny into the probable necessity of the
Tteasury during the remaining three quarters
of the y ar? Or if, under a sen^e of duty to the
country, they shall be disposed to do so, has the
gentleman ¡rom Mame reflected how difficult it
will bs, at any future day of ¡be session, to move
in a matter giving tr-e to so much difference of
opinion? We are now advanced to the 20th day
ot January. Only about five weeks remain which
can be effectually devoted to business, and not one
of the great applanation bills has passed. These
are bills which ought never to pass this House
withou' the closest scrutiny. In my opinion, <ir,
this oceasion, this bill presents (be only opportuni-
ty we shall have during ihe present session of pro-
vid ng an adequa'e supply for the service of the
whole of tho pie-eat year, and of making sanable
provision in advance for the dene ency in the
means tf the next. I trust those gentlemen with
«horn I have been so 1< n  assoeia'ed in our politi-
cal course will think seriously on ihese points, and,
if they agree with me, I pray them to un te wuh
me in an effort to effect both objects, so far as we
have the power.
I am not satisfied, Mr. Chairman, that it will be
ahogether safe, in the present stale (f the polit.cal
influences of the country, and in view of the change
that is soon to take place in the public Administra-
tion, to reiy upon the es'imates of our opponents in
forming an opinion of the sufficiency of the cur-
rent revenue, oi other means, for ihe present or
any fumre year. Th^se who are to be responsible
for 'he administration of publ c affairs af er the 4th
of March next ought to remember that, as far as
rat'y interest and influences are apt to control the
judgment and conduct of men, the itronge t temp-
tations exi'-t with the majority in this House to
cripple and embarrass the new Administration by
consigning to them an exhausted Treasury and a
di ficient revenue Ii is the fmt time, in a period
of forty years, and it is only ihe second time in the
history of the country, when a new Administration
has been called upon lo carry on the Government
with the aid of such supplies and means only as
political opponents, soured and resentful by defeat,
have thought proper to dole out to them The
committee of this House charged with the duty of
inquiring and reporting upon all questions of reve-
nue and supply, is organized m opposition to the
new Admmtstiat on This state of thmg> occurred
in 1801, when Mr. Jefferson came into power, af-
tar a most fi rce and desperate politicafrencounter,
but never before nor since, until now. The pas-
s ons and biasses adverse to just and public spirited
legislation, exerted by such a collision, are natural,
and, with many, uncontrdlab'e I do not mean to
charge that thes • passion* and biasses are peculiar
to the party still in the majority in this House.
One thing appears certain, however. The present
majority in. Congress are lesolved to provide means
enough to keep them-elves afloat during the re-
maining brief term ot their power, but the danger
is, that, like the mass of mankind in priva'e life,
while they are liberal and bountiful in iheir sup-
plies for the sub istence and comfort of their own
household, they will show themselves niggardly
and parsimonious in rteir dealings with their
neighbors and countrymen gen rally.
But I appeal to me present majority in this
House whether, in pecordance with their new and
much vaunted devotion to economy, they will not
be constrained to imk  at all events a sufficient
provision of mears, both or the present and ensu-
ing fiscal yeii. It would seem that economy has
lately become not only the cardinal, but the only
virtue in their political creed E¡ren the Sub-
Treasury is senously advocated as an engine for
enforcing economy, not only in public, but in pri-
vate life I am in f Ivor of encouraging and fos-
terirg this new-born zeal for economy in our oppo-
nents For one, I have no f°ars that the dreams
of those will ever be re?l zed, who imag ne that,
by this sort of death-bed repenianre—tms late pro-
fession of econom)—hey can atone for a whole
life of extravasante, wastefulness, and profligacy
in expenditures, and thereby work out a future
rede np ioi1
If ih" prei-nt majon'y in this House are really
desirous of infusing a spird of rigid economy into
lae ore.aUons and expenditures_of the!Government
