January, 1841.   ____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                       ¡ut
26th Cong""2i\d Sess.                                          Treasury Note Bill—Mr, Bell.                                                      fj. of Reps.
unapplied appropna'ions of lormer years, which
will be expended within the year 1841, allow me
to point out some of the most considerable items
which make up the amount as ihey appear in the
Treasury estimate. First, there is the sum of eight
hundred and fifty thousand dollars applicable to
the pay and subsistence of the army. The second
I will note is the sum of six hundred and fifty-
seven thousand four hundred and sixty-two dollars
applied to the payment of pensions. A thi^d is the
sum of four hundred and forty thousand seven
hundred and ten dollars appl cable to the ordnance
department. The last I «hall enumerate is the
sum of eight hundred and «-liteen thousand four
hundred and fort} -three dollars which remain of
last year's appropriations applicable to fortifica-
tions. Th«se four items make an aggiegate of two
million seven hundred and sixty-two thousand six
hundred and five dollars; and from the nature of
them I infer that every cent of them v.ill be or
ought to be expended within the year m addition
to the amount of new appropriations. Apart of
the sum applicable to pensions may he over.
It will be found that the Secretary of the Trea-
sury himself was conscious when did up his report
that it would not be altogether safe to rely upon so
large an amount of appropriations outstanding at
the close of 1841. He suggests "that a greater
proportion of outstanding appropriations at the end
of the y car 1840 lhan wUl be lei t unexpended o' the
new charges imposed " Why this suggestion? Un-
doubtedly because he well knew that there were
circumstances calculated to produce thu result,
which could not long escape detection. He knew
that the policy of staving off every demand against
the Treasury as the slightest pretext existed for
doing so, which has prevailed for the last two J
years, was obliged to come to light. He also well
knew the extent to which the practice has obtained
of late of postponing or suspending the applicat on
or expenditure of appropriations The policy m
both cases has bern dictated by the low slate of the
public funds, and the effect has been to cause a
heavier dram upon thf Teasury m the ensuing
year, and at the «.ame time to ensure the necessity
of applying oi expending a larger proportion of
both the old and the new appropriations to the
rightful objects withm the pre ent jear Another (
cause of an increased expenditure in the year 1841 >
may be added the appropriations for the year 1840 !
were passed at so late a season of the jear that a
large amount of them could not be expended for
want of time, and, as to a part of them, theie was
a suspen ion au honzej by law.
It sometimes happens that Congress makes a
large appropriation which, from its nature, cannot
be expended within one yeai, and such appropria-
tions of course cause a temporary ineiease of the
balances at the end of the year. One example of
this kind is to be found m the appropriation of up-
wards of five millions for carrying imo effect the
Cherokee treaty This amount hung like a dark
cloud upon the Treasury tor several years, but it
is now so much reduced that it is no longer of any
importance. No similar appropriations of very
great extent swell the present amount of these ba-
lances. Upon the whole, I conclude that, from all
the causes and from all the reasons I have as ígn-
ed, instead of ten mdhons remaining unpaid or
unapplied at the end of the present jear, (1841,)
the balance so remaining oí both clas-ses will not
exceed six millions of dollars, if it turns out so
much. Deduct this amount from the gross sum
shown to be chargeaole upon the Treasury m the
year 1841, and the remainder will show the true
amount for which a cash proveen mn«t be made
within the year. I will make the statement in the
usual form
Total amount legally chargqab'e upon the Trea-
sury within the year 1841, as before statpd and
explained     .           .           .              35,562,747
Deduct amount of balance of applied
and unapplied or postponed appro-
priations, whieh will p-obably be
outstanding at me end of the year
1841           ....     6,000,000
Amount of actual demands upon the
Treasury m the year 1841, and for
which provision must be made       . $29,56.2 747
This amount must be provided for ih some form
or other   The Secretary of the Treasury estimates
the balance of cash means m the Treasury, at the
close of the year 1840, at one million five hundred
and ninety thousand! e'ght hundred and fifty-five
dollars but this is but a small portion of the whole
sum required during the year.    How does the Se-
cretary propose to make up the balance'   He in-
forms us that two hundred thousand dollars will
probably be collected from debtor bank ; from mis-
cellaneous sources eighty thousand dollars, and
that, until the 31st of March, an authority will ex-
ist, under the act of 31st March, 1840, to issue
three hundred and forty-two thousand six hundred
and eighteen dollars in Treasury notes, provided
the whole emission outstanding does not exceed
five millions of dollars.   These several items, sup-
posing them all to be available to the extent stated,
make an  aggregate of means amounting to two
million two hundred and thirteen thousand four
hundred and seventy-three dollars.   But the mam
resource relied upon by the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to meet the demands upon the Treasury is the
receipts from the customs and lands withm the
year.   From the custems he estimates that there
will be received, m the course of the year, nine-
teen millions, and from the sales of the public lands
three millions and a half of dollars, making the
aggregate receipts f.om the two sourcs twenty-two
millions and a half  of dollars.     This amount,
added to the aggregate sum of the smaller items of
supply first enumerated, will make  the total means
of the Treasury during the year 1841, according to
(he statements and estimates   of   the   Secretary,
twenty-four millions seven hundred and  thirteen
thousand four hundred and seventy-three dollars.
This amount, deducted from the twenty-nine mil-
lion five hundred  and sixty-two thousand «even
hundred and forty-seven dollars, tne amount which,
as I have shown, will probably be demanded at
the Treasury widun the year, will leave a deficit
amounting to four million eight hundred and forty-
nine thousand two hundred and seventy-four dol-
lars.   Stated in the usual form,  the account be-
tween the wants of the Treasury withm  the year
and the supplies estima'ei by the Secretary will
stand thus
The probable amount of actual demands upon the
Treasury within the year 1841       . #29,562,747
Means stated and estima'ed by the St-
cretary of the Treasury, viz
Amount which will be collected from
debtor banks in the year 1S4I
#200,000
Amount which will be co'-
lected from miscellane-
ous sou>xei      .           .        80,000
Amount of Treasury notes
which may bs issued un-
&<"■ act of 31st of March,
1840    .                       .      342,618
Amount of the estimated
balance m the Treasury
at the close of the year
1840                            .   1,590,855
Estimated  amount of re-                                      *
cejpts    from    customs
withm the year 1841    .19,000 000
E timated   amount   from
sales of public lands in
the year 1841                   3 500 000
Tota! of means slated and  estimated
by the Secretary of the Treasury   .   24,713,473
Deficit             .           .                #4,849,274
It must be observed that the deficiency bere stated
will result, without leaving a balance of one cent
in the Treasury to meet contingencies Bat it is
more important at present to analyze the nature
and substance of the means stated by the Secretary
of the Treasury, how much of them is cash, cr
equivalent to ca°h, and what port on of them con-
sists of mere speculation, dependent upon conjec-
tural estimates-, which, m these times of great and
«udden fluctuations, are seldom more than half
equal to cash The balance in the Treasury at
the close of 1840, whatever it may be, and the au-
thority to make a further issue of Treasury notes,
are the only cash items in the whole budget of
means brought forward by the Secretary of the
Treasury.   Of the twenty four millions and up-
wards which he. supposes  will be recsived into
the   Treasury   during  the   year,  nineteen   mil-
lions are dependent upon the amount of impor-
tations and  the   receipt  of duties   upon   ¡hem.
How   does  the  Secretary arrive at the conclu-
sion that the customs will yield this amount within
the present year?   Upon what information of large
orders sent out or of increasing importations does
he found this expectation'2   He does not tell, and I
was surprised, not to say astonished, to hear the
Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
declare that he looked only to the statement of the
Secretary of the Treasury upon that point, and,
that he went no further; contenting himself with
the observation that the Secretary was the chief of-
ficer of the Government entrusted with the manage-
ment of the finances, that he was presumed to be the
best informed upon this whole subject, and that hs
could not rely upon better authority.   The honora-
ble chairman did not even condescend to state the;
data m possession of the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, and upon which he founded his estimate of ths
receipts from customs, nor did it appear to the
House that the chairman himself had been so far
honored and confided  in by the Secretary as to
communicate to him the information he had col-
lected upon that subject.    And has this House, the
constitutional revenue-raising branch  of the Na-
tional Legislature, and has the Committee of Ways
and Means, the appointed and trusted organ of ths
money-raising power of the House, "shrunk to this
little measure!"   It was not so of old '    We are re-
quired not only to take the mere estimates of the
Secretary of the Treasury as equal to cash in de-
ciding upon the sufficiency of means to meet the
demands upon the Treasury and to uphold the pub-
lic credit withm the year, but we are not even put
in possession of the grounds upon which he makes
them out.   The Committee of Ways and Means,
so far as we can see from their course in relation to
this bill, have neither eyes to see, nor ears to hear,
nor tongue to speak, any thing but as they are ad-
vised and directed by the Secretary of the Trea-
sury.
Can any gentleman on this floor for his life give
any reason why the receipts from the customs in
the present year should be estimated at nineteen
millions, instead of eighteen or twenty? Why, in-
deed, should they be set down at a greater amount
than fifteen millions? A reasonable degree of cer-
tainty ought, at least, to be required when the faifi
and credit of the Government are to depend upon
their estimates. Tne receipts from customs last
year (1840) were thirteen millions and a half, as-
certained and estimated. The receipts for this
year are set down as good for five millions and a
half more lhan they yielded last year. All the
light we have received upon this subject since the
date of the annual estimate is contained in the let-
ter of the Secretary of the Treasury read by the
Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
in the opening of this discussion. In that ktter
he informs the committee that the nett receipts
from the customs for the present (current) quarter
of the year will not exceed three millions of dol-
lars This would indicate a considerable falling
off from the original estimate At this rate of
quarter'y receipts, the customs will not yield more
than twelve millions of dollars, but my friend from
Mame, who is a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and who is better informed on
thii subject than 1 am, thinks the original estimate
of the Secretary not too high, yet the argument
employed by himself does not corroborate this con-
clusion. He elated that he thought the estimate of
three millions tor the first quarter of the year low
enough, but he felt confident that the receipts for
the two succeeding quarters of the year would
be fifty per cent higher. Admit it to be so., The
second and third quarter's revenue from customs will
then amount to four millions and a half each, or
nine mili ons of dollars for the two. Suppose also
that the lourth and last quarter of the year will
supply an equal amount, (a ca e not very supposa-
ble, considering the large reduction of duties which.
