Jan. Í841.
APPENDIX TO TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong ...2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Bell.
if. of Reps.
fore slated, there will be wanting eight million four
hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and
seventeen dollars of additional means to meet the
public engagements and actual demands upon the
Treasury during the year 1841.
But this is not the whole amount of additional
means which must be provided, if we intend to
make full and adequate provision for the support
of the public faith and credit. The large deficit I
have just stated will arise wiihout allowing a ba-
lance of one dollar in the Treasury to meet unex-
pected or contingent demands—not one cent to car-
ry on the operations of the Mint. The Secretary
of the Treasury himself informs us, in bis annual
report, that a less balance in the Treasury, at all
times, than five or sis millions of dollars is neither
judicious nor safe; and he has earnestly invoked
the attention of Congress to tins point for the last
three or four years, Genilemen may differ as to
what would be a proper excess of means over the
estimated demands upon the Treasury within the
year. It seems to me that what would be a safe
rule with individuals of moderate fortunes or in-
comes, in the management of their private affairs,
Would hold good with a Government of moderate
revenues and expenditures, like our own. A quar-
ter's income or revenue should always be heid in
reserve to meet those emergencies which often
arise in the affairs both of individuals and Govern-
ments. Five millions, by this rule, would not ex-
ceed a proper allowance for the Government.
This provision of a suiiable balance in the Treasu-
ry will then make a total deficit ia the means of
the Treasury during the year of thirteen million
four hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and
seventeen do lars. This statement of the true con-
dition of the Treasury will be better understood by
assuming the usual synoptical form:
Deficit in the means of the Treasury according to
the estimate of receipts from customs and lands,
submitted by the Secretary of the Treasury,
$4,916,617
Add for error in the estimate of the re-
ceipts from customs and lands in the
year 1841, being the differenre be-
tween twenty-two millions and a
half, his estimate of means derivable
from both sources, and nineteen mil-
lions, the highest estimate that can be
safely relied upon    .           .           .    3,500,000
Add for suitable and expedient balance
in the Treasury       .           .           .    5,000,000
Total deficit    .           .           . $13,416,617
But it is proposed to authorize the issue of five
millions of Treasury notes by the present bill.
Suppose the bill passed; there would still be a defi-
ciency, after deducting that amount, of nearly eight
millions and ¿a half. When we advert to the
large claims upon the Government growing out of
the Fonda war and the execution of Indian trea-
ties , which we hear of every day, and which it is
now so manifest it has been the policy of the Ad-
ministration to defer the settlement of to some more
propitious time, there can scarcely be a doubt that
the real deficiency in the Treasury during the pre-
sent year, if the credit and justice of the Govern-
ment be properly upheld, will m>t fall short of fif-
teen millions of dollars. I feel quite sum there are
existing claims or damands upon ihe Government
in the quarters I have indicated more than sufficient
to balance any error into which I may have been
betrayed by my steal in my es'imate of the receipts
and expenditures in the present year.
Before I close my remarks upon this branch of
the i-ubjpet, I wi?h to advert tor a moment to the
not unu-ual, though extravaíant—n' t to say ridicu-
lous—assumption of ¡he friends of the Admini-
stration, that ihis bid is only intended to anticípale
the resources of the Treasury within the year. The
idea is actually held out by the terms of the bill,
that these five millions may be redeemed within
the present year And the honorable chairman of
the Commitie of W¿ys and Means rehearses the
old1 story, "ihat the resources of the Treasury are
stilí ampie enough, and it i<¡ only intended to antici-
pate them for a short period." If this is any thing
«lie but downright mockery or burlesque, it sup-
puses that the the receipts from customs and lands
within the year, instead of amounting to twenty-
two millions and a half, according to the estimate
of the Secretary of the Treasury, will amount to
twenty-seven and a half millions. But, sir, old
habit; are hard to overcome. For the last three
years, the necessity of these Treasury note bills
was saddled upon the poor banks, crippled and
broken down as many of them were by the policy
of the fate and present Administrations. The story
went, if the banks would only pay what they
owed the Government, there would be no use for
Treasury notes. That fund having been exhausted
it has become necessary to invent some other pre-
text. Now, it is said that the receipts from cus-
toms and lands flow into ihe Treasury in the first
quarter of the year too slowly to meet the immedi-
ate demands upon it. The artifice is too shallow.
The country is no longer deceived by it.
But, Mr. Chairman, if the condition of the Trea-
sury in the present year is gloomy enough, what
are we to think of the year 1842? With a debt of
at least ten millions entailed upon the Treasury in
that year, growing .out of the deficiencies of the
present, and a revenue from customs reduced five
millions below the probable receipts of ihis year, or
yielding not more than ten or eleven millions, what
does our duty require of us at this point of time1?
After December, 1841, says ibe Secretary of the
Treasury in his- Annual Report, a reduction of
duties under the existing tariff will take effect to the
amount of about two millions and a ha'f of dollars.
On the 1st of July afterwards, (1842) "at least two
millions arid a half more of duties will be re-
moved " "If the imports, then," continues the Se-
cretary, "should not differ much from those of
1838, this would leave an incoms from them not
probably exceeding ten or eleven millions of dol-
lars yearly." Eleven millions from customs and
three m¡l¡ions from lands, which would be a libe-
ral estimate of receipts from thatsouroe,will make
the asgregale revenue for the year 1842 n t more
than fourteen million! oí dollars. Until the Navy,
now almost in a stale of general dilapidation, and
the other public defences, are put upon a respecta-
ble and ?afe footin?; and especially while our rela-
tions with Great Briiam remain in their present
unsettled condition, I take it fur granted that the an-
nual and current expenditures of the Govern-
ment, exclusive of the public debt incurred by ihe
present Administration, cannot fall below twen-
ty milions of dollars; though, under other cir-
cumstances, they might be reduced to seventeen
or eighteen millions. H>re, then, is exhibited a
certain and inevitable deficiency in the future an-
nual revenues of the Gjvernment to the amount
of five or six millions of dollar*. The public
debt or deficiency already existing, and which must
constitute a charge upon the receipts of next year,
we have seen, exceeds ten millions—making to-
gether at hast fifteen millions of dollars, which
must be provided for to meet the deficiency in the
revenue of 1842. It will not surprise me, sir, if
the deficiency in the means of ihe Treasury next
year shall be twenty millions; but I will suppose,
for the piesent, that it will not exceed fifteen millions.
This state of things, it would seem, ought to sink
all partisan feelings, and unite both sides of the
Houe in an effort to provide, in advance, for a
deficiency which cannot but te embarrassing to the
Government and to the country generally. But,
instead of finding the majorities of the two Houses
of Congress engaged in making an adequate and
necessary provision for the support of Government
during ihe next and succeeding years, what do we
behold? The ve'eian leaders, nothing daunted by
past adventures and miscarriages, and with all the
animation and hope that belong to youth and new
enterprises, are renewing their bids for the Ameri-
can Purple. They are ready io d-spote of the
public domain at any price that will assure lo them
the great reward they Espire to. Nothing seems of
sufficient interest and importance io occupy their
a'ieution but pre-emption and graduation bills.
The agiia'ion, at lea«t, upon these subject , must
not te permuted to slumber. The future and cer-
tain embarrassments of ihe Treasury scarcely re-
ceive a parsing thought from them.
The time hasci-me, sir, in my opinion, when we
should think seriously of making some permanent
provision upon thissubject. It is premature, in ihe
opinion of  some,   to legislate upon this subject.
That depends upon ths remedy which it is most
expedient to adopt. If it shall be thought the best
and wisest policy b supply the anticipated defi-
ciency in the revenue by the use of the credit of the
Government—in the continuation of a public debt,
either in the disguise of Treasury notes, or more
openly by loan—then I admit the necessity of im-
mediate legislation is not so clear. But the idea of
public debt appears to be totally repudiated by the
present majority in Congress. An admitted and
undisguised public debt, whatever may be thought
oí one under color of Treasury notes, is so abhor-
rent to their feelings, that in no emergency which
can arise in time of peace will they countenance it.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual re-
port, condemns, in the most unqualified manner,
the use of Treasury notes as a means of providing
for a permanent deficiency in the revenue, such as
he says will take place in 1842. What other alter-
natives are presented to our choice? Direct taxes;
such a retrenchment of the public expenditures as
will bring them down to the reduced revenues of
th%Government; or such a revision of the existing
tariff as will supply the anticipated deficiency.
Direct taxes appear to have few advocates of late.
All seem to consider that remedy wholly inadmis-
sible. If there be any who entertain different
views on this point, they ought now to bring them
forward. If a retrenchment of the public expendi-
tures can be effected without injury to the public
service, to such extent as to bring them down to
the standard ot the annual revenue wiihout the
imposition of new duties upon foreign goods of any
kind, that would undoubtedly be the most appro-
priate remedy. But if a revision of the tariff
shall be considered the appropriate remedy, I
shall contend that the earliest day we can proceed
to act upon the subject will be the fittest, if indeed
it is not absolutely indispensable we should do -so
in order to avoid great confusion and embarrass-
ment to the commercial as well as the financial
interests of the country.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual
report, expresses the opinion that the choice of
remedies will be between "some large reduc-
tion of expenditures"—"vigorous eysiem of re-
trenchment," and "some modifications of the pre-
sent tariff." His favorite scheme is the reduc-
tion of the expenditures to the standard of the
revenue as it will be in 1842, without a revision
of the tariff or new taxes of any kind. Is the
scheme.of bringing down the annual expenditures at
once to fourteen millions of dollars practicable?
If the honorable Secretary is sincere in the expres-
sion of his sentiments upon this point, what assu-
rance has he furnished the public of his sincerity
in the course of his administration of the Trea-
sury? While General Jackson was in power, ho
was one of his most efficient advisers and advo-
cates. So also has he been of bis successor. He
has been six years at the head of the Treasury.
Yet in the period of their joint terms the expense
of the collection ef the customs alone has increased
from about seven hundred thousand to a million
and a half ot dollars. The honorable Secretary
maintains in his annual report that, if the reduc-
tions in the expenditures be "pushed vigorously,"
"it would supersede the necessity" "either of a
higher tariff, direct taxes, or permanent debts."
What branches of the public expenditure does the
Secretary proprost to retrench, so as to bring them
down at once four or five millions below his esti-
mates for the present year? He favors us with no
specifications on this point. Let us 3ee if we can
infer them from his past labors in the work of re-
trenchment. He informs us that considerable re-
trenchments have alieady been made in the public
expenditures, within the last two years especially.
The|President, in his last annual message, makes
the same statement, and dwells upon it with much
complacency; and he, too, appears to be pleased
with the prospect of future curtailment in the pub-
lic expenditures. I propose to examine the cha-
racter and circumstances of these boasted retrench-
ments. The President assumes to himself great
merit upon the subject of economy, and claims to
have commenced a system of retrenchment from
the time he came into office in 1837. He states
that "the severe revulsion ia the commerce and
■  business of the country, pointing with unerring
