Jan. 1841._________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE._____________________g4<
36th Cono......2nd Sess..___________                         Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Bell.                                                                        H. of Reps.
in December, 1839) that the extraordinary reduc-
tion from about twelve hundred thousand dullars,
demanded for fortifications, to a little less than
three hundred thousand dollars, took place, it must
be admitted by all that there has been neither sin-
cerity in the professions, nor .systesi or consistency
in the recommendations and measures of the Ad-
ministration on this subject.
As to the policy of lopping off about two mil-
lions of the usual expenditures upon the Cumber-
land road, rivers, h~rb:.rs, &c. there is a d versity
of opinion and interest. The feetions immediately
interested, of-course, feel the strongest objections.
I do not mean to enter on a discussion of the. ex-
pediency or justice oí this retrenchment. I have
long thought that these improvements, if carried
on at all, should be subject to some fixed and
known rules—some system which should give a
proper assurance that the objects were such as re-
quired by their utility and national character the
aid of the General Government. But how do
these views and the recent course of the Adminis-
tration stand with their former practice? In the
year 1838, as has been already staled, the mili'ary
and topographical corps of engineers were largely
increased upon the recommendation of the Presi-
dent, with express reference to in? continuation of
these works, the utler abandonment and eoodem.
nation of which is assumed as a high and patriotic
Virtue in 1839 and 1840.
It is pretended that the President and the party
to which he belongs since 1839 have been guided
in their public course by the Republican maxims
of a strict construction of the Constitution and a
rigid economy in the public expenditures; and they
are now proclaimed as virtuous and consistent re-
formers, for having dispensed with all appropi ia-
tions for the Cumberland road, rivers, hirbors, &c.
If any one is disposed to test their consistency and
principles by their course in relation to the Cum-
berland road, let him remember that, since Mr.
Van Buren cams into office he has signed and ap-
proved of appropriations to that road to the
amount oí nine hundred and fifty-seven thou-
sand dollars; and that General Jackson, before
him, approved of a similar disposition of the
public moneys, amounting to three million two hun-
dred thousand dollars, miking an aggregate of up-
wards of four millions expended upon this road
since General Jackson came into power. If the
improvement of harbors, rivers, &o. is preferred as
a test, then be it remembered that Mr, Van Buren,
in his brief term of power, has approved bills
granting three millions six hundred and eighty-five
thousand dollars to these objects, and that General
Jackson, in the course of his administration, sanc-
tioned the appropriation of six million four hun-
dred thousand dollars to like objects, making an
aggregate of upwards of ten ^millions of dollars
expended upon such works during the administra-
tions of General Jackson and Mr. Van Buree. It
would be useless to comment at length upon these
facts. The Cumberland road, after an expendi-
ture, altogether, since its commencement, of six or
seven millions of dollars, (being nearly finished
throughout the whole extent of one great State,
and remaining half finished in two others,) ap-
pears destined to stand a magnificent monument of
national caprice and folly. The numerous works
for the improvement of harbors upon the lakes, in
various stages of progress, which have cost the
country so much treasure, with the fall approba-
tion of the leaders of the party now in power, re-
main exposed to uttsr loss and destruction from the
wiads and the waves. It would seem to me that
gentlemen whose consciences had been pliant
enough to apply so many millions to th >se objects
already, might, without any gieatiy increased re-
sponsibility, have stretched, them" a little fuither,
and completed what they had begun at so much
cost to the country. But it seems they have dis-
covered that it is better that the millions which
have already been expended should become a total
loss than that their principles of economy and con-
stitutional construction should any longer suffer
Violation. What a pity this, when we reflect that
more money was utterly wasted in a single cam-
paign ia Florida than would be required to finish
the Cumberland road, and ia the whole war quite
enough to finish all the works projected tor the im-
povement of the lake navigation.
I have pursued this subject of retrenchment,
which has made so great a figure in the Executive
messages and reports for the last two years, into
some details, that I might discover, if possible, what
branches of the public expenditure might be still
further retrenched in the prosecution ot the "vigor-
óos" system of reduction recommended by the Ss-
cretary of the Treasury, In order to limit the an-
nual expenditures to the sura of thirteen or fourteen
millions of dollars in 1842 and succeeding years.
Reductions in the navy, in fortifications, and the
ordnance service, can go no further, unless these
branches of the public defence are intended to
share the fate of the lake harbors and other works
of a similar nature. Seeing the course of the Ad-
ministration with regard to appropriations for the
public defences, it may surprise gentlemen who
have not turned their attention lo this subject, to be
informed that an elaborate and able report was
made to the Senate a' the last session of Conaress
by a board of able, skilful, and experienced officers
attached te the military service, m wh'ch they state
that a further expenditure of at least fifteen mil-
lions of dollars will bs required lo complete what
may be called a reasonable, a good system of de-
fence upon our Atlantic, Northern, and inland
frontiers, including ordnance and the necessary ar-
mament of fortifications. Not a perfect system—
far from it; but such a one as may save our large
towns and border settlements from plunder and de-
vastation, and the national honor from deep dis-
grace upon a sudden outbreak ot war. The Board
of Naval Officers at the same time report that it
would require an expenditure of upwards of fifty-
five millions lo place the navy proper, the navy
yards, depots, &c. «fee. including large supplies of
timber, &c. in a condition to commence a war. If
this estimate should exceed the resources of fho
country, still, when we reflect upon the increasing
armaments of other and rival powers, and the still
extending circle oí their acquisitions in every pan
of the world; and especially whm we contemplate
the magnitude of American interests, the extent
and value of our foreign commerce, which depend
for their protection, their very existence, upon our
naval establishment, we cannot doubt that that the
country will sanction a liberal measure of appro-
priations to this favorite branch of the public ser-
vice. Into what other department of the public
expenditure, then, doss the Secretary expect to push
his system of reduction? I need not say, sir, that
I regard the opinion expressed by the Secretary of
the Treasury upon this point a'an unworthy pre-
tension to economy, which, under the circumstances
of the country, and m view of his own p¿st con-
duct, must be considered by all as hollow, and
merely intended to catch the applause of the igno-
rant.
The only alternative, then, which remains for
supplying the prospective deficiency in the revenue
is a revision of the existing tariff. Certain aux-
iliary means or remedies of some importance, it is
true, are recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury. I allude to the correction of the undue
and disproportioned allowances of drawbacks upen
certain articles, .the reduction of fishins; bounties;
but, above all, the prevention of the sross evasions
and frauds alleged to be practised under the present
tariff. If these corrections should t?ke place, it is
assumed that a considerable increase of revenue
mii>hl h  expected under tbe existing tariff of du-
ties. Why, then, have not thes3 remedies, bfen
urged with appropriate zeal by those gentlemen
who are so averse to th-- imposition of any new
duties to any new ta>-, even upon silks and
wines'? Why hsve thee patriotic defenders of
Southern interests stood -=." !-.>!>g silent ?nd indiffe-
rent spectators Whv have not the Committee of
Ways and Means moved in this br.sinesst These
evils are row of ¡org sinndiBs. Where are the
bit's reported fiom that committer for t'-eir correc-
tion1? cr, if repor'ed, when have they been pressed
vpon the consideration of this Hous.-? It is a sub-
ject peculiarly and appropr?teiy within the juris-
diction of the Commit'ee of Ways asd Mean--.
We have had repeated and continued appiica'iens
for new loans or the issue of Treasury notes to sup-
ply deficiencies in the means of the Treasury; but
when, I repoat, have we seen any movement
which locked to a permanent supply? Have v?e
not seen, sir, this subject of evasions and frauds in
the collection of the revenue—this continued viola-
tion of existing laws—quietly surrendered, session
after session, to the Committee on Manufactures,
of which the distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] is chairman, as if there was
no interest in the country concerned in the due
execution of the laws, or the faithful collection of
the revenue, but that of the manufactura1? The
times, indeed, are sadly out of joint when such
things may be, and jet attract no serious notice—
excite no surprise, How long, sir, will this state
of things be patiently tolerated by any portion of
the people of this country?
It is quite of a piece with the same system of
omission and disregard for every thing which looks
to the due enforcement of existing revenue laws,
that now, when a national debt is rejected and de-
nounced as a policy alike injurious and dangerous
—when direct taxes areeiiher wholly disapproved or
known to be condemned by public sentiment—
when a large and permanent deficiency in the reve-
nue of the next and succeeding years is not only
foreseen bat acknowledged by the Secretary him-
self—when, in the present state of the establish-
ments designed for the public defence, it is clear
that an immediate reduction of the annual expen-
ditutes to the standard of the future revenue (to
fourteen millions of dollars) is impracticable—and.
when a revision of the tariff is the only remaining
alternative for supplying the deficit—we should be
stunned by a sudden outcry against the imposition
of new duties upon any articles whatever. We
are told, if we proceed in that direction we shall
find a "lion in our path"—that a high protective
tariff will inevitably be the result—that there
can be no medium, no middle ground, be-
tween a modification of the existing tariff
and a renewal of the odious policy of 1828 in
all its rigor—that the whole South ought to take in-
stant alarm and meet this question on the threshold.
I do not mean to argue this question in detail, sir.
I only desire to place the unreasonableness—the
absurdity of the course of our opponents upon this
subject, in such a light as to make them obvious to
the most careless observer. I need not say, sir,
that, in any revision of the tariff contemplated by
me, I look to the increase only upon some, and the
imposition of new duties upon such other articles as
ra«T be taxed consistently with the compromise act
of 1833, and, in doing so, to lay the charge chiefly
upon such articles as are commonly regarded as
luxuries.
There is one observation, Mr. Chairman, not
directly connected with the subject under discus-
sion, and partaking rather more of a party nature
tban any th'ng I have before said, that appears lo
me so appropriate while upon this point, that I
cani.ot forbear to make it before I sit down. In
the leading public journals, in the speeches and ad-
diesies of notorious partisans, both in and out of
this House, we have heard and read repealed
charges against the parly which so signally tri-
umphed at the late election, against the Whigs as
an aggregate body, that they owe their success to
the perpetration of the most stupendous frauds, and
the intervention of foreign influence—to the poten-
cy of a foreign money power, to British gold; that
the leading and prominent members, indeed, of the
Whig party are but the tools and instruments of
foreign interests—traitor? to the honor and welfare
of their own country, and the s'aves of foreign cor-
ruption. American, institutions, their efficiency,
their value, their stability, are m consequence de-
precia'ed. decried, and scandalized all over Europe,
wh;.e msny of the same journals, the same artful
and prominent leaders throughout the Southern
and Southwestern sections of the Union are, at the
st If same ¡ur.e, often in the self same harangues,
«■'.th equal vehemence, with equal assurance and
confidence of success in rousing the prejudices and
b'aiding the judgments, denouncing the Whig
p=rty as got up and cemented mainly by Northern
interest*; that their grand purpose all along has
been to reconstruct the famous American system
upon its old foundations; and that, besides a splen-
