3<m. 184Í._____________
gfrrH Cono.".2vd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«if
Treasury Note Sill—Mr  Thompson.
H. of Reps,
traoidinary aemands to which a vine forecast
should io It it was catd by 'h  *ne«ber fron
Tenne«s*e, [Mr Bf-ll ] 'hit ]*• «cerned that the'-e
estimates were manufactured with a view to square
the receipts with the disbursements. It is strictly
true; the estimates of receips are babi'ually ex-
aggerated, and the expendí ures as habitually re
dueed. 1 have heard—I do not vouch for it, but I
believe it—that, previous io the last session, the Se-
cretary, having made up his estimates of the re-
ceipts, cal'ed upon t le heads oí tne different de-
partmen s for their e n nates of expenditures,
urging that those estimate-, shoull b  reducd to the
lowest pos.ible point I' was done. For the^e
wise and candid rulers, of our:  exhaust all thur
economy m their estimate , and practise all their
extravagance m the actual app oprtauons. We!!,
sir, the estimates were presented to him, and they
were found to exceed the e timated receips by
some three millions. What was to be done? Pro
vide additional resources. Oh, no, but to pat
down in the report, haphazard, three millions in
addition to the estimate of receipts already made
I will show, from the report of the Secreta y h m-
self, that items of appropna'ion which h  knew
were now existing and must be met, are not in-
claded in his estimates, and he tells us himself that
the heads of the oiher departments estima'e the ex-
penditures o£ their respective departments higher
than he due-. Who to most apt to be correct—
they who are presumed to be conversant wi'h ihe
circumstances ana calls upon their particular de-
partment^, or the Secretary of the Treasury? He
assumes to know more of the situation of the War
and Navy Departments than the head;, of those de-
partments themselves do.
The estimated amount of Tieasury rotes to be
redeemed during the next year only 'iicluc1 s ih se
already issued, and the small balance antnonzed
to be issued under lh« existing 1 iw, and yet this is
urged upen us as an accurate estimate m the dis-
cussion of a proposition, whk-n no one doubts will
pass, to auth >we tnp emis ion of five millions
more Here, then, is at once an adiiuonalitem of
five million  We are informed by the S cre'ary
that the amount of unexpended appropriations
which wJl be called for in the next year is three
million seven hundred and forty-nine tnousand dol-
lars Here is a subsisting charge upon the Trea
sury to an immense amount. There is no evad ng
it. It is noL even looked to in the eshmates. It
must be met, and yet no provision is ?>-ked ior it
Is it surprising that, with this habitual want of
foreeast to see future calls upon the Treasury, and,
when seen, a want oí candor to say so, our í rea-
sury is always straitened, and that, with all ihe
slang about saving the plighted iaith of the coun-
try from violation, we are, again and sgam, urged
with an indecent haste to adopt a measure perni-
cious in its consequences, and in violation of the
Constitution? Once for all, let me answer this cry
about plighted faith. I, sir, have plighted my faith
by the most solemn sanction known to man, "to
preserve the Constitution—that iaith I will main-
tain, whatever o her may be violated—and let the
responsibility that may result, be it what it m?y,
re-st with those whose incompetency has created
the emergency, not with me, because I will not
violate the Constitution to meet it If you add to
these items of near nine millions, three hundred
thousand dollars due the State of Maine—a large
and adn-itted deficient y in the Post Offie , much
larger, no doubt, than is admitted—the abstraction
of the two per cent, fund of about •¡,800,000 by the
States of Alabama ana Mum* ippi, you have a
clear excess over the estimates of more than ten
millions. If to these be added the large balances
due to public creditors of all sorts, especially on
account of the Florida war, and tne funds neces-
sary for the prosecution of that war, un'ess this
Government is to be forever regardless of all the
obligations of duty, and deaf to the calls of Ivi
manity, and the appropriations for certain worus
of defence on the most economical scale of abM -
lute and present necessity, and there «ill be added
at least five millions more of appropria ions—not
probable, but certain and inevitable—making fif
teen millions more than the report estimates. Í do
Rot hesitate to say that I would not agree to pay
those demands for twenty millirrs, and my lite
upon >t the Secre'ary woui 1 not. Another i'em of
at least $5,000 000 (I b heve mor ) sboulJ be
a 'ded to thin amount—that for the payment of pri-
vate claims Thfre is an immense accumulation
of these claims—they have been postponed until
the current of legislation is literally dammed up by
them—very man> of them aretf admitted justice,
and it is pecul arly proper that they should be
speedily dec ded, and no longer postponed, as the
pnnc pie has been adopted that no interest is to be
allowed u[ on claims however long justice maybe
withheld.
Wi'h all ihese facts staring him full in the fare,
the Secie ary enmates the appropriations for the
next year at $19,000,000 aeainit his own admis-
sion for the la-4 year of $22 489,000, and which I
have no doubt amount, m truth, to a' least $26,-
000,000 And inclusive of redemption of Trea
?ury notes, at $22,500,000 a°am*t his own a (mis-
sion for the last year of $26 643 000, and which,
in truth, is not short of &30 000,000 His estimate
of receipts from cu'toms, noiwuhs'andmg another
reduction of ihe tarff, is abtut seven millions more
than the receipts of the last jear How can this
be? It is only possible m one way, and that even
th" Secretary would have b'ushed to announce.
He no doubt knows that there will be greatei
economy than has heretofore been practised, and
hence the disbursements will be reduced in amount,
and the war having cei<ed which has been waged
against credit, commerce, propelty, civi ization
itself, the powcful though prostrate, but jet un
crushed energies of this great people wi'l once more
be exerted, and we shall see ihe country nsmg uo
like the strong man from h s sleep But the fo^ce
of these causes, p >weif jl as they are, the sanguiee
temper of the Secretary has oieresimated It
will lake more than one month or one year, to re
rie-m the country from the f (Fee  of ten years of
mi'rule
But, admitting that we were encumbered with
no debt at all, will fre future revenues support the
most economical admim Uahon of the Govern-
ment1 I am verv sure ih°y will no*. The tprifF
wi 1 be reduced finally in January and June, 1342,
and it is demonstrable that the revenues will then
be insufficient. The Secretary estimates the ac-
cruing revenues from cu torrs after that penod at
between tea and eleven millions. I' will no', and
car not, be mTe, with pearly onjf-hall of the at i-
cles of importatim pajing no daty It toth'syou
add three and a half millions from the public Jands,
you will have fourteen millions Does any one
man really beli v<° that he Government can be
carried on wi h that turn1 No one do"sl aHhon°h
I hav  no doubt many a demarogue here and else-
where, will «ay °o. For m}sili, I calculate on
little, very little, revenue for the fotute from the
public lands I will not consent to see that source
ol revenue withdrawn, and the who e thrown upon
imposts, much less «ill I vote for any tax with a
view of supplying a deficiency to be cteat d by sur-
rendering those lands But he is blind, indeed,
who does not see that our vast public dttaain has
become a mere fund with which aspiring politicians
play their game*- It has already become a regu-
lar contest which shall outbid the other In the
declining diys of Rome, the candidate for the Eni-
p re succeeded who would promise the largest dis-
tribution of coin from the public granaries—so it
is now We hav.e not toe corn to bribe with, but,
what is the simp thing, we have tn° land upon
which to raise the corn We have got the most
tha' we shall pet from tint source, rely upon it
I do not in the least dot) i that the future reve-
nues of the Government \v >' b  insufficient for ti e
most economical admin ittiutn. Tnat this defi-
ciency is rot temporary, bt. ftrmanent, and, there-
fore, that it should &• met by rovidmg some per-
manent source of supply, an i it i> upon ihe ro fí-
late that hire will be such a d fici^rcy thut I pro-
ceed to the inquiry—Whe ic° is ihe additional re-
venue to be derived? Only three plans nave or
caa be suggested direct taxes, ,mpo i ion of in-
creased 'unes on pi-oteced ameles bey-md 20 por
cent, and in violation cf ih  cooiBffmi e, or the
imposition of adequate, but moderate, duties on
certain articles of luxury no  duty /ree.
I hardly know wh ther I ought to regard the
p'an of direct tax s as having been proposed. One
<f my colleagues has suggested it, but, as far as I
know, it is unendorsed by any one member on thii
floor, or by any individual any where, except by
two or three cf his own constituents In the pre-
sent condition of things, it is about as practicable,
and not a whit more so than would be a proposi-
tion to raise revenue by alchymy, and when either
of these plans shall be seriously brought forward,
it will be time enough to discuss them The
choice, then, is between taxing luxuries, where the
taxis paid equally by all sections of the country, is
paid by the wealthy and ¡s paid voluntarily, and
increasing the taxes on protected at tides which are
paid exclusively by one section—that which does
not manufacture—which are paid by the poorer
classes, and where the tax is not voluntary, but
cannot be avoided. Between these I cannot hesi-
tate. But, sir, I do not conceive that I have a
right to choose, I am bound by that wbich I regard
as of hule less authority than the Coastitulion—
the compromise cf 1833 I cannot violate that
compromise consistently with my own ideas oí
what is right, and I would not if I could. The
case of deficiency of revenue was anticipated in
the compromise act, and provided for. Shall we,
honestly and in good faith, comply with the com-
pact then ertered into?
I propose to show , 1st That ths compromise act
of March, 1833, prescribes what ¡s to be dene m
the event of a deficisnt exchequer. 2d. That this
compromise 13 binding upon us. 3d That the
exemption from duties of the free articles was one
of toe leading objections to that act on the part of
the anti tariff party, withou* one sngle exception;
and that it was a concession to the manufacturing
íntcre t 4 h That if it were entnely an open
question now, it is the best, the fairest, the only
practicable mode of rais ng revenue—that it is the
most sdvantageous to the whole country, and es-
pecially to that section from which I come. The
sixth clause cf the act of March 3, 1833, common-
lv call d the compromise act, is as follows-
Se** b AndbeUfurihpr enacted, Thatt,omuch of the act
of the fourteenth day of Tuly one thousand eisht hundred and
thirty two, orof any other act a° is mcoi «t= ent with ihis act,
shallbe and tie same is heieby, repealt-tf Piovidt>d¡ That
nothir herein u n amed shah be so construed as to prevent the
passage pnor or subsequent to the paid thuueih day of June,
one thousanleicht hundí ed ind forty two, of any act or acta
fr^m time to time, as may be necessary to detect, prevent, or
pum=h evasions oí the duties on impoits imposed by law, nor
t) pterentt e passage of any act pnol to the thirtieth day oí"
June one thou and ti^ht hundied and forty two in the contin
gei cy eithet o! excels 01 deficiency of íevenue, altering the
rat sol tutie 01 ameles wheh I y the aforesaid act of four
t enth day oí Tu!v, one thou and ei^ht hundred and thirty two,
aies ibioct to alees rate of duty than tv-enty per cent ad va
loteir, m such mannei a& not to exceed that rale, and so as io
a lj ts the revenue to either of the said coming nctes "
Can language be more explicit? Will *ny gen-
tleman suggest words that would more dtstnetly
express the idea that if more revenue is wankd.it
shall be raised by duties on the arncles bearing a
less duty than twenty per sent? The eass, then,
has occurred, Shall we comply with our engage-
ment, and the more especially, when we are asked
to do ihat which is not only right in itself, but ¡s
the carrying out of the very principle for which we
of the anti-tariff party, in all time, and without one
so'itary exception, have so strenuously cjntend'd?
The tariff party have submitted without murmur
to the annual ri-duciior, t-^ey do n t a^lt even to
be lel'eved from the great ultimate redm tion in
1S42 and shall wp n iw violate our obligation to
observe th/tt compromise, and at tne same ame go
counter to all that we ha%e ever contended for?
No, sir, no, 'it <s ko nomina ed in the bond," and
if I was opposed to the principle, I would still
submit to it Much more readily will I do so,
when those here ofor  opposed to u  are willing to
adjpt our 0*11 principle—tha* of taxing luxuries,
sustained as it is by every writer on political eco-
nomy, E'eat and small
I do n t preiend that there is any cmstitut otial
or legal d sab li v to d^'urb the compromise But
th re ar  con derations not less forcible wiih me
than ei her I feel tnat, as a South Carohoian, I
am bound by it, whatever may be 'he cas  with
o'hers I regard it very much m the light of a
treaty, and a treaty made almost on the field of bat-
tle.    What will be the just imputation upon us if
