2§2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Thompson.
H. of Reps.
we now viólale n? Why, sir, it will be th^.1, under
the pressure of circumstances and th,e influence ot
feelings not the most honorable to u«, we sub «Wed
to leims disadvantageous and unjust, waich we
now seek the first opportunity to violate. Ths
whole tenor of that act s.hows that it was intended
as a termination of that too-exciting and dange-
rous controversy—not as a mere truce—as a final
extinguishment of us fires—not as a temporal/
smothering of them, that they might hereafter
break out with a more consuming fury I can,
with truth, say that Í have seen no single mdivi
dual in South Carolina who did not regard it as a
permanent adjustment of the whole matter, and for
that reason, mainly—regarding it as a security
against all future agitation—were the people of the
State reconciled to many oí its provisions, and,
amoBg-t others, to that one in particular which ex-
empted luxurits from taxation, it is a great error
to regard that act as t-rmmatingin 1842 It would
be more propti to say that it begins then The an-
nual reduction., previous to that period are only a
preparation, gradual and propel, for the ultimate
and permanent settling of the question.
Dr. Cooper, not the least ardent and violent on
this subject, at the close uf his oollrc'ion ot all the
leading doi urnsuts c f the nullification controversy,
uses ihe following Ian mtg*-
"Mr Clay mttodu at into ( ongr^ the act know ins Mi
Cj AY's compren hid? 1 nv I In ¡10 and Must it will pi vc in
fact wiut it wis intended to K,t lull and final settlement of the
tariff contest '
Mr. Calhoun used, in ¡he Senate, while mis act
was under 1 iscus«i<m, the d llowm; laiju.i«e
"Among the ohjeC ions to the bill, tie thought the re luction
of the duuts, 111 uielust pait of ilieaeties, t>o sl>\\, ai d the
last too rapid, and ihat the time foi the fi ial induction w is too
remote
"He alio objet led to the home vain tion, butln thought these
objections outwi ghe I by the coiisideiaiton vhit the bi 1 pio
viaed, as tothe Iniul leault, thatthe levcnnesshould t ome I wo
to the just in 1 oeoiionioal w ¡nu ot the Gneuunett Widt
the coriteinpliiion < t ¡his l Mill, ty to lib lindo|trit 1.1 h
bellevud it w nid b it 1 pint 01 by [in ^inli, ind tli it peic
and haunon), as tai   as this sulj et was c- >n etrtd   vvtt   libo
restored to tin tounir)   '
What is nuam uy the "lmal result" ind the final
operation, it this law 1* to ctase 111 1842'2 Then it
is that the tariff is to tonit down to the rcvune
standard by ih.2 tinal riduolton, and, as I can only
undersiand it, ths final reduction reconciled tne
veiy disti¡)2uishe-t speaker to the slow proci ss of
reduction and to oilier principle  o( the act. Wnat
is meani by restoring hanm u)1 A pabry ir'ce, m
which both partits would be airanging then armor
for a 10 her and fiercer conflict.
Agam, he sajs, in the same speec'i "If thi,
measure is acquiesced in, it will be ihe teimmation
ot that long controversy wlm !i be an in thi con-
vention, and has b"e.i t ontinued under va. u us ft r-
tunes to the pifsent day " What is tne p'ain and
obvious meaning ot this language? Was u ih it he
regarded this, .is hp siys, as "a ípi mr¡ Un n" <>t
this protracted and tl tnrrerous eontrovers), and
thereto ; a ht subject for the congiaia! '! "js t(
every palrnt, or a, mere y an act of ordinal v It
Rislatton, imposing no soitot obligation up m eithtr
of the parties, which might, with p«rirct pr iprit-t,,
be repealed bit ire any of 1 s provis.ons "wer exe-
cuted, as giving no security lor repose Irom tnis
pxcitmg controversy, arid tb"r< lore rot only unnn
porlant in useJi, but unbicoining th- d gmty 01 il.e
position which South Car >li ia b ul assnm <l, ai <1 a
pa try suspension of a snuggle, >t the neat! oí * h c'l
he had mi 1 >ti • stood? Did Sunn C ml na u ; ■*
in this sfui'g'e wuh all its oi'mm ?iid 1 s rl« it°t ,
for such a Doon as that'' No s,r, ),0 Wt h 1
full perception of the dangers and diificoities wi h I
which she was s-uriound-d, she b°uevef that I ie ]
questions mvdvei were if vita], priiparv, iid '
permanent ímro tancc, 4'id never wtuli have''e i |
satisfied with in y tl ing le s than what she v ¿ -'rd
as a permpnent *-ec irity lot her ng lis and 'hepii -
c p'es involved.
Mr. Calhoun, again, in (9 s>7, u ps the follow mg
language, and be it remember- I th t it va- used in
a proposition to reduce the duf fotMit-ap am.
cle of primary importance as a neces- 1 y, and ihe
article, perhips more than any othci, oljactionable
to the anti-tariff party, of which he was < o-fessedly
the head—an article to the duty on which ne vs
then st>H opposed, but, agreeable to him as a ie 'uc-
tion of that duty would have been, he was restrained
irom voting for it by a regard 10 the sacrcdness of
the compromise:
"The annunciation by the chairman of the Committee on Ft
nance that this lull was framed md lnttodticed on tl e assnmp
tion that Llie act oí 1S33 was ro longer to be respected, gave to it
an importance wm^h demanded the most serious consideration
Thit act closed the tariff controversy between the North and
the South, and the question now presented is, shall it again be
opened? tehall wt. reopen a controversy which, during the long
peuod fiom 1Í21 to lix>3, anitated the country, "oveined i(&
)egi"¡ ilion controlled the Presidential t tec ion, and finally shook
its institutions to the centrei SI ail we of the South in pat lieu
lai, absent to open this 1 irmidable controveisy—we who aie t n
this subject m a permanent minority ?hall we agree to sur
render out share of inteiest in the act of 1833—an act which has
already lepealed from twenty to twenty live millions of dollars
annually, and which, if lelt undi&tuibed will m a few yeais
take off ten inert ind rpduce the duties to the constitutional
and legitimate wants of the Government Will we agiee to
surrender all the e advantages, which wete extorted from the
adveise inlerest at the hazard 01 civil conflict, and take our
cf anee in the renewed conflicts that must 'oliovv if the tonti j
veisy be agiln openedi This the chauman of the Committee
on Finance d^lcs yo 1 to do, and wb it is the comr ensa ion lie
holds out to vo   loi such itieat  acnficesl
"Hut, whichever may be preferable it is certain thitthe prac
ttcal differcnct, as fn as the bout'i is cot ceincd,is too small to
wairant the aacufi e of the greit inluest which she has m
m nntaing mviolal e the law oí 1833 particular!} when we con
sidei as small asisthedlffUtnce, we have noas uianceofeven
ret eivmg this mconsideiable boon '
" Then fo lowed the ptot 1 tmation and the force bill as the
ultimtlt measure oí piolongii g theeus enct of ihe t diousand
unconsluutional act of 1328 which the party ot which the s-e
natoi is a membu hid attempted to fix nn the country by a
schemt of ptimanent dlsti bu ion and, when the issue was
midt they we <, ready to sustain it it the h izud of cml war
But, th nil a to d km I Piovid oce which hat! witched so con
stmtly ovt 1 our tl stu íes this counsel ditl nt t piev ul The
spintol conciliation in 1 com¡ 1 uni e nveiinlt I ih it oí vioTence
indina Hi ufuinibl I 1 I of [sli w is 1 itr duce 1 by ihe
Sen ttor 11 im K n i c«y f Mi I 1 v\ ] 1 1 I et ime 1 1 uv if the
lind in spiib t the piol clive lud I ice ill | uiv Itclosel
tnc c nil th tween lu \oith 1 d tin ^)u li vvluii ií ¡ ot ie
vive 1 by the ins of those who parsed the tend d l^S will
I uustaud btlit\e lemnn closed loicver Siulusthe tiainof
events which ltd lo thi let oí i8o3, and tin cncums ai ccs
uudtr which It pissed, md we i.entvv cilled upon o decide
wtioihti wi shall idheie to its poiist ns or not The Sena
tot fiom INew "V nk mviies us to sunem'er oui uteres in it,
and to open mew Ule tai lift ontrovctsy and wi h iview to ttst
oui 1 t iiilnati a has m "tied 111 thto bill the lepcai of the
tluly on salt fit. senilis his dissert 1 am glad Pi it It
piov s th tt he lie) I  1 dnect !s«x,e on thesul |ect wbnh is not
uij 1 11 g I 11 the tl iltini 1 t in id bul I mu t t lluillthuit
n 1 1111 11 11 w t llu 1 11 w s s 1 mn ndt 1 n 0 - ill is one of
the it i 1111 11 1 n It d 1 1 the at 1 md it we touch one iiem
we mivlouch all 1 iv tt 01 tin icppal of 1 single item tin
les with tommi 11 con°( nt a t kc u tlly suriendci3 ll e com
piumi t as to vot Í11 'he reí cal ot all
Hit -sLri ttoi liom fsi w \ 01 k must excuse me I fee'it my
dt ty 11 s, e tk phuily whtit the intett I ul it y li nstltiieuts an I
thewhol counlij 1 sodeeplv conccinctl I ir 11 t 1 II I im I
1 ick coi litlence 111 him 1 s e in llu : bill i d(siotl nn'ctthe
"how ot Htluclion to levive the Land ronirovci j,bywhicnhe
a itl his bu 0  I we 1 much pit fuel at the c\j en col tht
counuv Iininaitful and hi Id sin !te of p dicy cilcnlatd
to tltsti ict tod thvi it thi th ptmon, and p! ice almost tl 1
limit tl t mti il ovei the < i| nid labor tf tht coui n^ in lie
fi m i ot th 1st in p iwt t It o dstht. ineirs tif appeilmtt to
the hop s nstl Itusol every s i tion ait! inteiesl, wide *lie
thstneut n indthiision th u tiiitst follow woultl prtvtnt the
po sio lily ol unite i e Ions to atit.stt e al us s in I euoi Jat-b
nitnsol potvi r 1 \pcuenre h is 1 tittht ts 10 unki tantl the
gmt, toil b onttu^uild tgnnst tbost wh? aie | nyi ig it
Wl cannot cl) e oui eyes to tin f¡ ton tbe put) wh eh is
now s > 1 it nt to (¡Btinb the coi if r 1011 1 is the vt iv pai j ili^t
was the ui hor ol ihe tanh of is j in I w 11 1 tl et usng
cvtryctfii lo iLiukr u pcrminei vas íeadv to shed tur
b 00 I rath 1 than sn ifn It 1 the ict ] hen dm o 1011 to t men
sim 01 which tht) u tht an hot andtowhitht e> owe their
pi ut tit 101 prepaicd us to expect (h tt deep hislili'i to
the tt wh t li ^i\c their iavontea moitdl blow, an I opened the
way Í01 tuiitcd indwe trust cie !ong a successful íesislance
to povtci acqoned by dece itio i, and n intaint t by dtlusion
nut louupim Th rntirt couth maj well apply lo the Se
nator, as the author of th tanffof 1ST2S h leply which a ths
ungmshtdis'nati'i gave aftet its ptssagt, 10 one who now oc
cuui s ahi^hcr s ati m thin he ditl then, mil who nndeitook 0
explim to lum hi v ite on this occieun 3t yoti have de
ct tvetl me oiicp ih t vvasyotti lall but II you deceive me again
tl t 1 ink will bt mn e
Ah t i N 11^1 lit! ' tint once | ton 1 1111 p u 1 n, State, she
has ' tans 1 hf 1 !i mest an 1 tiiidittnetl « n wlijsfitpd hei
w tlisiniiich lidelity and h s elei atcd 10 the mshpst olh e him
wh 1 beti tyc 1 he   and  1 imp e 1 he- mtcies in the dust
lln \ lull w II11 it a tempts will I midetii 1 teo'psent
mv p 1 ition on iris ot c tsio 1 an 1 to weaken me in t ie conn
dfneeof ibt | nb it Í ft tl tnem no 1 know vyeli th ise whom
I icpr ent 1 h > hav t too c! ai t coi ct | tto 1 ol II el true
tingre t, a 1 ipla"" too high an estímate on t nth a dhonoi,to
wi hholi then conttknct fiomhimwho! ail ssly 1 >||f v,s their
die at Ihev wiH scorn he loispiablt b in ] icfleud by t! e
senator from New \oi , at ! tht htcd that nTcrs it, and will
c log to t! e ttct which thev so prtiutlly winn^from this Govern
tnent Wett Ho lsleitot e v nee ot the sen not liom >>ev \ork
Ihev wool I hoi op b 10 I 10 then interest ut I uidilTt rem tolbtll
hoi 01 I shill not assent to dlsti rn he a t of IRT} m the
sh^ti esti'e^tee so long is the m inulaclurmT m'eiestssha1! ad
bote t > it piovi ltns, be the con lilt to! poll icians what it may
il us lit tbt,y have frmty alheied N ta mnrmui has been
heart! or a pttmon been olkied lrim that gu irter agdin tit
fiom its passage to the present d ty while the memomi of the
Legislatuies oí the two gteat tir ff States Mdssach isetts and
Pennsylvania, whlth pledged themselves to abide by the pio
visions of the act tuve strong additional asstnance that, if we
do not distnrb 11 on our part, they will not on theirs
Truth, sir, every word truth. I regard now, as
he did then, those who would disturb the compro-
mise, and I warn tuuse now who wi ulci do it, as he
did lh«n, mat if thry do, "they will have ample
time to reflect upon the etil they h-tve dore." J_,et
them well reflect before they again break up that
deep and turbid fountain c f bi ter waters? Who-
ever makes the attempt will find that our people
proiipt as they ever are to peril every thing m de-
fence of a great principle of the Constitution and of
public lib rty, w 11 look well about them ard fully
eiamme for themselves ill tne ie?spns, before, on
sny authonty, they will revive that dangerous con-
flict. Ami, sir, if we cio break up this compromise
\vhat hope have we, "in a permanent minority,"
as we are, that we thall ob'aiu any betier terms.?
In a d< hate m the Senate, in 1838, between Mr.
Clay and Mr Call onn, the two gieat actors in ihii
compromise, Mr Clay, in givmp a history of that
me?sUre( uses ihe following language, which was
not contradic'ed
' In the corsu'taiions beiween thai Senator [Mr Calhoun] and
mvself, in i spict to ihe compioniise, «n every point upon
v, Inch I insisted he gave v\ ay j e was for a shorter lerm than
nine yeais, and mole 1 i| id reduction I insisted and he Jleld
el He insisted upon fifteen percent as the maximum duty
but yielded He was against any di'Ciin inatinn within the
limited range of dunes for ihe bir efitof Ihe manulactuieis, but
consented To the Itst he protested against home valuations
but finally gave way "
Now, it this act was regarded a= a definitive set-
tlpoient of ihe whole matter, I can very well see
reasons for this pertmaciou, adherence, but if it
was not so, but a rrteie act of ordinary legislation,
I am at a loss for a reason for it, especially for con-
tending that the duties were to come down in J842
to fifteen instead of twenty per cent. This v. as a
matter of vast consequence, it this adjustment was
to be permanen , but of none earthly if its provi-
sions expire 1 in 1819 The good or eiil could not
have lasled more than a few months. But, bir, the
whole act is full of provis ons to regulate duties
after 1842 Why was this, 1,' the act was int-nded
to cease then lo oieiatef Tnatitwas regarded by
"ur Convention as a permanent ?djustmem, ths ie-
pert of thit body acceding to ihe cómprenme fully
shows. It is full of evidence to that point Luden
to the following brief extract. Alter reviewing the
provisions of the comprom.s , the following lan-
guage is used: "These provisions embody great
principles in reference to this subject, for which
South Carolina has long and earnestly con ended,
and it tbe pledge th°rein contained" (what pledge
hut to maintain the Crmpromise Ac?) "should be
fulfilled m good fai'b, llvy must, in their opeiation,
ariest the abuses wh'ch li ive ciown out oi the un-
authorized ?ppropnations ot ¡he nubhc money."
Tnis pledge has been honestly fu filled. Shall we,
on our part, violate u'
My Dfxt propos t.oii r=, that tne principle lhat
luxuries should ie taxed, and that they should not,
m pny case, be exempted from taxation, has been
the p inciple of ihe i>nu-lanff party, vuhcut one
single exception—of men of all degrees and sizes
from the airjiie5t inaudible whisper of our smallest
men up to the thunder of Hayne and McDuffie;
whilst the pioposition to exempt them from taxa-
tion has alwa\sbe n made by and received the
support of the tariff party In 1831 Mr. Clay sub-
mitted a rfsslution making duty-free those very
articles upon nhch it is now proposed to impose
duties He was supported by every man of the
tariff par'y, and opposed by every member oí the
anli-tanff parly.
JW Gats resolution v;as?s follo"s
' Xriohed That Ihe exi-tn  du íes upon prudes imported
from foieign countries andnnt coming into competition with
simitoi articles marl* 01 pioduced vi thin the LmteJ States
oneht to be abo ished except the duties upon WJnes itj Bl]^B'
and that those ought to te re Juced, anil that the Comr ntee oil
Finance be instructed to repon a bill accordingly "
Mr Hpjne mov<d ihe fol'owi g amendment-
'Stiike o"t ad afiei tl • y-o,d countries, and irsert as foi
low Be so icduced tint the amcunt of the 1 ubhc revenue
shall be suhinent to dtuey the ex| enses of the Government, ac
coidimi to tl eir pie ei t seal , aiier th" payment of the public
deb', ind bat allowing areisonab'e time fo- thp reduction of
the present high daws on articles coming into competition with
similai aiticlesmade or pioduced wilhm tne tinted Slates the
d I eshc ult mately ee, tal ?L ! so lhat tne uuty on 110 article as
compared w th the value t f that anule, var; matena'lv from
the value of that a tide ' "
Mr. CU} S pioposition—the tariff proposition-
was to raise the whole revenue by imposts, with a
view to protection on articles where similar articles
were made here. Gen. Hayne's proposition was
not, as has been erroneously stated, to impose equal
