Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
26th Cong-"-2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Thompson.
H. of Reps.
dut'es on all art cl^s, tut that there should be no
material diffe'eice. Mr Clay'- preposition was
ultimately adopted in the Compron se Act A
large class of articles was by tnat act admitted free
of all duty, and now the proposition is made to us
by oar old opponent to adopt oar principle—to
tax article  bearing no duty—to t?x them to tl,e
extsnt of the necessities oí the Treasury, and
SoJthern men are found opposirg i' How and
Wiy i  thi&1 I appeal to trio e \. ith whom I once
acted—to the members of a party towards which
I have felt a stronger at achment tbaa I ever shad
to any o her—not to run across every principle for
which that party has contended, 'o leave me come
one principle, if only one, upon which I may stand,
and, when charged w th moons s er>cv, let me be
able to say, Here is one principie to which we ad- i
hered                                                                                    I
Mr Clay advocated his resolution, exempting a |
large c'aós of articles of luxury fiom any dunes
whatever.    He wasi-upporttd by every tanfT man  I
in the Senate « ho spoke upon the subjec'.    I shall  ¡
not weary the committee by reading extracts from
their speeches, unie s this is  dened.    But 1 must
read from the speeches of those who  opposed the  '
protective pol cy.                                                      I
I begin wit i Gea Hayne, who was confessedly i
the head of the anti tariff party m Corgress, and |
who has left an endaang monument to his t^me in i
the ability which he exhibited m discussing this
subject wi h. the abl^t deba ers m this or in any
country. No man enj i^ed m a b gh°r degree the
confidence of those with whom he served m the
Senate, and the best et dence of tne e u<na ion of
his native and much loved St.its is, that he was
called to the nelm by one voice, at a pen d of un-
precedented danger ard difficulty, and well d*d he
earn and merit th s confidence He d>d not aspire
to the chaiacter oi an ongira! gonitis He was
much too w se for that He wasnotiitorj-monge ,no
contractor of impracticable plans of Government,
like the phil.-ophicdreamers of the Trench Revo-
lution, no visionary sCiemer, hue Sieye', nor
cnu'd he have split hairs on a point of myst c me-
taphysics, or of «chola'tic dia ec ic, with Dun
Scotus. Hti bu«ii'e s vas wi h this subiuna y
v;orld as be found K—not a«- a U opian Uan«-
cendentali«m would have had t—wis , coo', bold,
forbearing, dmnlrrcs ed, a 1 ¡be qualities of a grear
statesman were softly and bea'ifuity oltnded in his
h gh and useful character Listen to tne opinions
of this ab'e and practical man on th s que-tion of
taxrg luxunes-
"What was that scheme? Why, tha from a 1 alticles of
luxuiy the taxes bhould be taken olí" entirely whl e upon artl
fies of ibsolute necessity they wer° to remain undlm nlsliej
Articles consumed by the nch wuc ti conn into the countiv
duty free while article  consumed by the poor weie to be bur
defied with exorbitant taxation The nth man was to dpi ik
his costiy wines, and Ills family to be arrayed m fire silks
without paying one cent towaids the ex¡ enses of Govemme t
while ll c pool man v as to be beiv ily taxed on the coar=° w ool
lens which were to sb el 1 ti mself and hi iamily fiom the win
ter's cold ISow con Id a ysicm of taxation ie ng on si ch
principles e°riou ly be defended1 Con d it be toleiated m a
free county and a libela! and el lightened ageí líe UUsted
not
"Theie is anothci objection to this sch- «e which was to hi 
mind equally conclusive—¡t wab that by it the duties were to be
taken off fro "n what -vas calle 1 the unprotected articles—arti
cles,too, of geneial consumption (and which according to tbe
general principle oí po meal economy, and the common con
sent of all mankind, ate th pif| cr s ibjecls lot taxation ") and
th  enure revenue of the countiy was n be íaised upon the
protected ameles—upon cottons woollen anli on, aiiicles of
necessity, on which enormous dude  aie not i -ip st* dales
which operate as a heavy ux on cert in ] it ops cf industry
and certain branches of the co irti v in 1 as i I tun v to o h i
por ions ot the countiy an 1 o hei b icthes ot i il^ iv
' Agatn t a system ■so unjti t unequil, aid V | res v° the
taxpauirr people of the United ¡5 ite tho e who ico i\e no
portior of t e bounties ot the piotectn 2 )s hi the p pie of
hoS uherist ates, those whom he, ¡n pait icj it cnteJ on this
floor mi t fotever protest
'Gentlemen might cone del such an amn^en e it as consti
tutm° a judicious íevisnn ot tbe ta itT but tr ui \n ¡at
he hid no he nation in eaying'hat he would con i ji iie,PcJ i
all duties oi th* unprste tedaiticles while the dull & on the
others shouldremai i umouche 3 astheworstof all po ble t*
u iments of tnat great question wnich now agitat s an 1 di til
tV who e f tint) v '
In anolherspeech he «£><"•
' Tne rext ol jection t) this se íeme i , tna k [nor o e  to u
heve luxuries fiom all tuXittoi, win e tt" ta\ s on the t ecev,T
rtesof hfeaje otemnn ius n  thev are object to duties ot
from 1 1 to lOd | er cent Itisuuetha 1 e sumiera n seems T
presume th rng mity or tl e pronosttion in i scri^i M ( rni
now consents that some very modo ate lut? riav be leviel on
wines and silko iiut sir, I should he el i! to ' pw m whit
wines and silks ditTet from the numerou ai icks nhich by the
gentleman's scheme, are to come m Jtee of duty Here is i h t
of some of tnem and i* will be for tho senate an \ the country
to gay how far it is reasonable or just that the consumer3 of
these artii'essha'l c ¡ nbu e nothing to tne public reven e
while the henest laboring rr an is to be Uxa 1 from thi- y to ore
hundred uollar  oneveryhtm red dollars which he evperds on
thewt ollens and the fl s neis the iron and the su^ar which
are mdispei ^dble to the health and commit of lu nself and
family
' it i& one f f the etandest farces ever attempted to be |. ayed
off upon a free p^op e to see a attemnt made to reduce tie
t xei on olives and capers anchjvies and brandv fruits, mace,
cloves n itme^s, precious stores alabaster ornaments ccrdidls,
perfumery aittficial Powets bill ait bails bat ledoies shuttle
c >c<t>, coral bead  and £.0 d &f tiff boyes odytr spectacles a! d
lvo^y healed can*a vel e s atdlace musiinband ítrosdera es
camels ha r stMW moróle-. and prunella shoes fine cambrics,
piitedchafii adisi p rcp an an 1 china dinner and tea seta
gtdwach'-jC o^n° \ater Ohdtr pa^^e ard B irf'unt'y wines
orantes antpnedpples embroidery ivory Un fir  lush
1 nens raia^oi ce tie table ¿tiltbou s p er oo^mg ttlas^es,
veunicelli and tr accarom Í aliannarble and mante! or laments
touge es e ices e. d court paster che «rr r Eweet^ce f-1
s tip silk scckm  god ai 1 silver thimb es ma i e tine
pieces tooth powder, Wax dolo, and a hundred other nnss
u=td b   th  n r
1 a k f i the íeason of tbi distinct on which re] eves t\tt
nes fiom taxation arm throws them upon the rece sanes of lire
which luidei s the poor ar d exemuts the nc i, and 1 am told it
Id neccs aty fui [iro ectiot   '
Next cjmeb the venerable M^ccn Listen to
his rp m n
!Tht-rew recei am thifSstnet cii'hl not to be axed in ary
COiliiti)—tin <^s tl at cneiedmto tne } lain ford of the poor and
laboring das e  a 1 suttiseie eces ary to support lile It
issaltlhi it [«a ] ~n tice wrier c n ot be sin glej
and is that a tea o i wny i I j iM t e taxeli hi s  d rea
oi rig to say tha becau e U^s nd si k can b swdpi
tliey must not be taxed as hiüh as a i article oí rece sn\ to he
poor''"
His d'stirau shfd collcasu3 (Mr M/ngctO 'hus
expreses his opi'i on5 en thi" 'ubjec [As an evi-
dence of the cc-fider.ee of South Carolina in this
dis inguisjied olztn, I n ed oiily mention that he
has orce received ihe vote or that S ate for the
Pies dencj, a>~d to <i higher gentleman or a purei
patriot thai vo e coa'd not have been given 1
'What is the effect of the resol men on the tablet It is to
aggravate the evi it i to u\ th* recebar es ni ti " poor man
\vnile he rich may revel ir !ur i ^ a free fr 01 ^\at or as
th air he I lea les i i to mc it íe e\ rava ¿l b iun les
aU ady eij yed c\ tlw rich capí a s by dim t is i ° tie co^t
f m m> ot v e ai leles ^ h ch ente lot th°c n ,. i ct 1 is
p^ ahhshmen in t les 11 he snape oí pro ect i rep m
th  same rumn ll  wl le r lac ihe) are eirviced to the
wlio^ amo mt of d^du tl n fr m ti e prices of articles con
eu ned by the manu acturcr in 1 his a joreis  '
Jud°e Gnjpdy thü« spt«ks
' 1 he resolu ( n of the *era or ^lom Kentucky purposes to
doolish the duties en i leK on a 1 articles of a i mJ not manulac
lured  n tU t i ned - ates ex i-p    ilks and w nes   an 1 to íe
dure hem on these a  leles,    ho   n? as duties a,e paid or lm
p i ed   a n   es for tne t_urp   e ot ldisn e reveme I c m t
CO sent tot! is propo it oil     T e- tme prn *- } ]e ot toxat on is
to mpose it on tbo e who are bes able to bedi it    The ledu"
lion on your tab'e puiposet, at tal alai d       entofl'n p inei
tile    Tne   rt ele   to be lelea a 1   on i xa ion ate luxuues,
used o! nost exc t    /elv bv the itch \\ hi e the burle s die lelt
w th all tl en we "ht J  on the r >frei port en o' tne commuiu
tv     iliswoudbe lOu eviatitnol   hee\i!a compiamed rf
ardl vllln" t u nte l   ho! ingOLt  a the poor l >m  ledelusi e
ho; e that lo is to be able to c o he 5 1-. tan  Ivn si rvS and ¡e
^alehimsefon wines eveiy day whneall the articles of t less
he pinchas  —his salt hi  su^ai   his plough Ins axe a   'Ins
h e  ¿ni all the utei   itt    h wi ch he ea n   h    d« \ bread
ansí taxp ' as to   pll let him   d!l3b'e to lal e his iamilv     "So
en oive *- i r In ntce sane  oi 111" ut taxed or taxed 1 ^htly
1 et hi  laboi tune lis lull rewird a   1 1 e wi 1 then irueas   11
his mean   anu in  time be eo e to iiilu£e n   lux ires if be
shall pease to do so "
Mr ivicDume, than whom no ore enjoyed or de
served mere ot the conndence of the anti ai ü
party, fiom ri's cotnm ndms tahnts and Knoin
devrt'on to the pnrcip  sof thai part), itus «neak
Mr AlcUult id that the re jlu ion ot U fl no u! an in
q ir> which d d in ommittbe Hie I f\er^ i o t ion
lot an n qun> be thimht oti"l t to be a tp t t llieie u
tna decides n hi s tl it dd he sh uld be oj j el 11 i
tn^re ws noth i 1 c thought ao unv. se as to lem tth tuue5
n   at el     oi luxtiv wbilp he> wtre le c   ed or uní es cf
neces it)
le use\am nethis mattei Ou niftrts of f re ^n n er
c' anuí a i ay be dmded into two gir-a classes Them t eon
si tsofarl clcs which ai  entirelv ] ro uoetl a 'orelítn co n
tres hcsecoid t arti les ptltlv pi du'-ed ai load e u psilly
prod iced m the t mted K ate Tl e former are tioi allv de
iina dtl i fioecel an 1 the lit er the pio ect ' I t
\ w a Ij t e fori tl ass ctmp l n; ea oof i s ks
wnc ipdat net^ of bei impon5 1 vvtil a st i ic ti u ft i
tl ese on~ 1 a ^oi tl leoenl te\er c will be Codec el ll n «n
ii loirt of 1 tct wiu 1 te no ec irectto „) o e tl it i crly
Aatothio] i itn t tlei\cue o re I as e a | tct nd
edthltttelui n brouqi 1 d tilou e 1 over ihe I moi in
pionortioi ill eens mption f rule rom v c i u is do
{net 1 mi le a ,. ai 1 « tie m„ u i ui i"ai
1 n e l oh            '"'l   ! t„ i z  n"5! t e la   e    n   l k          es   ea
a     cottei.    x o e tut  t  oat  i nciu'l an 1      lie   l\tl   idr
Will astlitan vo. e be laistd odtioai ce thi-poit of t e b 11
1   míe   co   i1 it    1    *   mt- Ivt'-xowil in
t .,1 ^ \ i.   i  b<- so 1  i id as i ot t   °et tl a  t n red ic io~i   ot
Ivsuetkiin   heiepealoi   ne duties tn tía  c f e
n m sactt l trnieriais and   n r    s    ¡ the unpi
-\         5   i ite as an    Ml .oi ai  ] lu ec ion   c me
I    -\  i lei   ii ei l«ti  °    !                                               ,
«ni    i  |i  Itlo    olhiiin
n ore I
iHcs lid
l«.i<
A   1 lei
1 he     -
fs   m   ra vi       tnJ °
aíticles as tlM  «ata themsshee tl e othe! m i   nngtll ot di
riimshin? cutíes on such anides i-- ihey con i.nie ami t'o not
aieiw i n
si i  i    in p
t! e othei ni
1  t
make at home but import from abroad in exchange for some
of the r own domestic pioduct ons In Una twofold aspect of
the'iibect 1 íegard this asoné of the most ingeniously con-
trived schemes of protection that has ever been presented to
CongiesS
' Of the reduct on of duties for which this bill provides, about
orehalJisasdnecta protection to the manufacturers as if it
hadonsi ted of an increase of the article  which they mate.
In pr ^portion as you leduce the ccet f tea ard coffee, you di-
nt 1st the wage oí the oj eratives, and, in propoition as you
di pimsh tl e cost of materials used by tne manufacturers, you
dimmish thecostorproaucing then manufactures "
It was, ihen, true, no one denied ihe just ce and
perfect equality of such a tax, but new lights have
broken upon us, and it has been left to the men of
our day to discover that the tax which the undi-
vided South contended lor a  not only just in itself,
but t' e only jjst tax, and especially advantageous
to the South, n> now discovered to be as especially
injurious Such, sir, without one exception, was
the cturseand arguirent of ihe anti-Tariff party.
But it foes rots'op u ih riV mere authontv of in-
oividual names however disnnguished The anti-
Tprfi: Convention which rret in Philadelphia in
1& s6—a r«re a= emi'pge ot character and talents
__passed three, and on'y three,  resolutions.   Ons
of th> three nas on the subject of taxing wines,
sdli^ &c What \,as that restlution? Listen, su,
I will read it
3d'tesol ution That wines teas, cofee <ind similar arti-
cle , be not acJed to the is* ot those now free of duty, but may,
on the contrary be subject to dunes correspoi ding in proportion
to tneir respective v due with those laid on other imported arti-
cles subject to duty '
Yes, sit, this resolution passed, unanimously,
that bod). It was net only regirded as important
tnit mese articles should be taxed, but so important
as to De embooied in one of Ihe only three resolu-
t ons that nere adopted. There was scarcely a
public meet ng in opposition to the tariff, wheie this
point of taxing luxuries wa-; not insisted, on as a
primary pnrx pie The objection to tbe tariff was
i ot ftom any opposition to raising the requisite re-
i erue, but that the tariff of duties was so laid as to
o,erate untqually, by la^irg those duties chiefly
on articles made in this country, and thus enhanc-
ing their price for ihe benefit ot those who manu-
factured ¡hem, and at the expen«e of those who
were consumers, and not aKo manufacturers, and
as tn s ir«qual'ty did not existas to articles not ma-
nufaciu'ed m this countiy, and as to which we were
a 1 equa ly consumers, and only consumers, the tax
was equa! on s>!l the secfons and iDtere«ts. Tbis is
tne sole, real foundation of the ceiebrattd forty bale
theorv No crie, I ptestime ever contended if an
Fame t' e produce of Georgia, is exchanged for
incih<-ndise of a lsmd not manutacluied m this
coi n iv, ard that the aiticle bo importa is so'd at
a pn^e ¡pcrets-d by ihe duty, anu is consumed by
the ptoplt, not ot Georgia, but of Maine, that the
producer in Georgia, and not the consumer m
Maine, pats tie dutj Sucha proposition is ab-
luid beyond the reach of argument. Bat where
ne article so imponed and enhanced in price by
the du'y crime m competihon wi h a Similar arti-
cle of Ame ican manufacture, the price of the latter
is also raised, and supposing the consumption ef
the article to be equal between tbe producer of the
aifcie ot foieign commeice and the home manufac-
turer it ¡s perfectly ciear that the former pays all
tne du >, the latter no'Mrg, for whilst they ate both
coiisuntrs, and he consumer pays ihe duty to the
i rodoce-, that du'y r< uncompensated taxation,
■vhilsttne nanufactuier receive  back, m the in-
ert a«ed price of h s own a'Ucle, all that he pays as
a c nsunit.r of the foreign one.
This is tbe objection which ru>-s through all our
papéis upon the subject 1 will lead a few ex-
tr c s frcr ih" celebiated and ap'e exposition of
'he Pnuth Carohns L stature in 1828
'■tf- i t £ frhr'f but f r benefits The tax paid by
then f on n pens u whicl wt he excel oon of the receipt 
tfte de'of P|U"lt did 111 Govenmtnt is wholly sup
. > d ar 1 wl ch in i crts  airount is annually equal to
a ™ yfllOPi1 i then n timh no tax on them Whatever
I re 1 i thev ilvai cc as con umen of the articles on which
i ii e! let ii t them tí m the labor of others, with
u« t i et tSmus i an aiifu > connived system That
ouch ire t if ict tie otumittee will pioceed to oerro> strata
I x c ti r ii ens than the c nfess on of he par y by us acts,
core  ¡   vt!.  n.t oa-httobecon   lered
T inn u actutn?s ates htwetei mdemnny themselves,
a >r e tl an indemnify thtn selves fu tie i creased price
t r i ji the artic es they con ut as has already been
,          i   t un tr confession in a form which cainot decen e by
il   n   wn ¡>c-    Nor is it dificu't t> ti ice He operation by
wl ich diseffejed    The veiy aasol C< ogress imposing bur
(tensontbem asrtnsnroere £lve them the means Ihroughthp
ft mot opity which ¡t afford  the memiitaciuiers in the home nidi
