Jaiu 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
254
26th
üonií.......2nd  bus .
Treasury Note BUI—Mr. Dm is.
H. of Reps.
Iheir place  by some other article; Fieiich muslins,
jor example. Í will tow present one other view
0Í lili*' matter, which doeo seem to ma to close the
argument. The ie,oit oa commerce and navij;a-
tiou for lo39, shows that our imputations from
France exceeded our exports !o ihat country be-
tween iouneeti and fifteen mi!l.ons. Now, forbid
by law the landing of one ywd of Frenen siik on
our shores, and we stiil take ra' re from France
than she dues, from la . Docs any sane man ihink
that a duty of five or six, or evm twenty p.r cent,
on silks and wines, would dimmish ih" aggre.ats
imporiatioos one-tenth'! What, then, goes  uh the
a'gument that tue imposition of these du'ie  wt uld
disable France fiom purchasing our commoditie-1?
I go further, in the | resent cond tion of commerce
and exchange-, a diminution ol importations !r m
France, instead of an mjuiy, would be a benefit.
Of the wh'de balance of trade against us m 1833,
more ¡han one-halt was from excesüve importa-
tions of worthless Fieneh trumpery. One sixth of
all our importations were m 1839 from France,
whilst she received from us less than one-t^nth of
our exports These facts must have been un-
known to ihe author, and to those who have adopt-
ed this hu nbug, or they surely would not have
ventured upon it. I have hsard it gr« e y asser'ed
that our cottor.s are adrni ted into France wilh a
nominal duty. Now, nr, tie fact is that this no-
minal du'y is 11 francs on 50 kilogrammes, about
112poun<ls, which, with «small acdi'ior.al dim-, is
a luí e morí th-n two cents a pound, v h.eh is about
25 per cent, and, what is worse, this is a di'fr.mi-
nating duty against American cotton. Egyptian
and South American cotton, which is tnirty per
cent, more vdluab.e, paying only 8 francs the 50
kilogrammes, a difference of 20 per cent, specifi-
cally, ad valorem at least 'htny per cent, and yet
we are told, with all possible confidence, that the
duty is merely nominal. There is a class of men
whose sanguine temper always leads them to look
at facts not as they are, but as they wish them to
be—men, like the French theorist, who was told
that the facts did not support his theory: "So much
the worse, said he, for the facts." Others, sir, may
follow these unsteady and delusive lights oiaprioii
theories; for my self I prefer the less brilliant, though
more safe guides of facts and experience.
So again uf articles of linen—ard silks and
linens are two of the largest of our mipoit?. II
linen goods are, to any extent, excluded, cotton sup-
plies the only imaginable substitute, and we should
thus be compensated by the mcroed ccn-urnption
of cotton. Yes, although I do not doubt th.s le-
suli, I would not vote lora prohibitory or even a
protective duty on linens, beeause I believe such a
vote would be in violation of the Constitution; and
I would not, as a Southern man, be induced by a
present benefit to recogmsf the protective principia
at las certain co-t hereaiter of greater sacrifices
from its general operation; nor would I a-an Ame-
rican statesman look to the special benefit of one
section, although that section was my own, in vio-
lation of the rights and interests of a.l other portions
of the country. Sucha course of selfish and sec-
tional legislation 1 have too long denounced in
oihers to pursue it myself. I would not lay a h gh
duty on silks and wirier- nor would I lax them
alone—but all similar articles of luxury. A duty
of five per cent, on a jidiciou'-ly selected list of
free articles would be all-sufficient to supply the
public wants. Thus, tar 1 am r'iil ng now to go;
and 1 see ihs most powerful iea«ons tor legislating
on the subject now. If it is not done at this ses-
sion, it cannot be done before the ul tmate reduc-
tion in 1842; and time shou'd be given to ihe mer-
cantile community to adjust their business to any
increase of duties. It ought to have been dope ft
the last sessicn, and 1 have no doubt would have
b ea pressed upon the ccnsidei'dtion of Congress,
but for reasons of a political eharae'er.
I think I have shown, as I promised to do, th.,t
there is a efficiency in the revenue; that it is pro-
vided in tie i'ompiomi«e that ?ny such defirienry
sh It be supplied by such duties as &re now pro
posed on articles paying less than twenty per cent ;
mat this compiomise is oí bmái ig obligation; that
the taking off duties from luxuues <" - epp"«-d Ky
üjí ant;-tanff party, and the previs„<>n to supply
an/ future d<-ficieicy, a- it is ncrv proposed lo sup-
ply it, was mser ed in tre c mprumNe act at ihs
instanc  of that pirty; and, la t!j, tr a< if the ques-
tion aere a n?w auii an o^en one, a 'ax on Ivxuiies
is, on every pr nc.fal of po.iucal e<'or.< my, and o i
every con  deia ion of sectional equality, the far-
es' lax. I do not duutt ihat I s'saai be assailed and
njisiepres ntpj tor my coime on tin* sobjert b(
tbwse who are not vr-y scrapul >us in tint «a;, hot
1 have no sort of a >¡ rs'uensn u-,ou that tco'e I
represent a con1-!! ueoey v.iio are not to be influ-
enced by falsiho d or mi-reprcenta'ion, rr I
should not now b* here. I owe tUcm n uch too
deep a debt of gratitude lo si"r fbc thfir ínírre is
ratrit-r thttn encjunttr th- n k ot irngrr rrpie-
sected. I 1 n <w hit i' .-> z injxim \n' i some r op-
ticians never to do t.oy thin; "vn c.i req i 'c ;.u ex-
plana ion. The ru.<: of a \ i. uoi.s pS'uician <-nou d
oe to do right, disregirdmg consequences if Ido
rmht, and have to explain it to a vr'uous and en-
lightened constituency, I ''o not üoubt tra' i en
doit. If 1 knowingly do wonsr, I neve. e,5.n ex-
plain it to ray owi conscience.
SPEECH   OF MR. DAVIS,
OF XEMTLCkl
In the House of Rtpris^n aaus J^duury 2t, 13-11—On
the Treasury XMe B 1
Mr. Cka'rmas- Net her t'e jml cf the Trea-
sury, nor Ote fu.r ora j¡e c a r^n whj b a=¡ report d
ihe I,,1! under cors.idera.non, i rep se^ ¡r c .i-i^e's
it *o oe a r-ea-ure to increase t'.e i,i ins dpp i^alle
to the service of the jear. Both i^e coma,nnira-
tions from the Department thai relate 'o it, and ,he
argument of the member, assume trie posoicn ihat
the other and Oidm?iy r-sou,c s of tie Tieasuiy
will besiiffic.ent to meet .hi who e e-nmate ot de-
mands upon it úr the aecrega e tf the >ear; bu¡
'hat the receipts and exptnd.ueoW.il pisirtsb
unequally, and th se five m .O'is o£ Trea-ury
notes are only intended tj be ava Uble far a short
time, in setting balances aguí. t the receipts tor
the first months. They state, as fact's, that the pro-
duce of the Tieasury will, at t„e clo'e of the year,
be sufficient to meet the estimates of its whole ser-
vice, including the redemption of these Treasury
notes; and vill, bes'des le^ve an unexpended
balance of $324 2T3, I was grabbed, ihat these
fiscal officers proposed an adequate pronsicn,
without making any chiige upon t-.e ctuuin?
year, but this itelirg h¿>s Leea d„>i:c.i Ly the
strongest convici.on, ot.ir mves igau n, ihat their
promises as to bo.h points «.re i lu-o-. and de-
ceptive. It was the duty ot he E.ecu i/e lo sug-
gest and request sufficient means for 'hi acm as-
trative operations of the Government; and, rf ihe
resources by wh'ch i'«e/ were tj be sopolttd are
inadequate, to ask Congress to pro\ide o h„jrs that
would make good the deficiency. N..w, I s'ate
that neither the puMic service is ^dequstcly nto-
vu ed for in She es' ¡nates and speufica ions ot' the
Department, nor wnl the resources of revenue
rrhed upon by the President p.ojece ln^ sum
which he and his ad/ifcs ii.'oiai to 'o be ne-
c s-ary.
The Admmis'rat on tha  n> about go is; out ct
piwer has the tn^j nty in Lot.i liojse o¡ C, a-
gress, and upon it devolv s t.-c bjsti.evnpf maki- s
a suitable prov,<..on for an adier^arv >hat h,.s sup-
planted it, to execute this great goio-rnn en'al trust
un'il ihe clo-e of ihe je r. Do r.cit pvro'tntii,
j'ist.ce, an 1 honor ri quire that <h.f supp y -.hoi lj be
ample to enable Grne.al Harristn to cVeiaige
promptly and conveniemly every dut> devolvinsr
upon the Execu i\e, and to prese:ve ui'tatnished
the puohc faith and the public hc-noi? I then ap-
peal to the hone rabie thiiim in 11 tie Commitifce
of Wajs and Keaos, if the g*n<-ia! av, rage sur-
plus hi ¡he Tr a^ury rf $'üi 2T3, which they pio-
pose lo .create, is a sufficient guaranty a^a.r-t
possible failures of supplv, and against ¡a-se, i>a-
foreseen, and ¡rrt-ular demands upon ul \ p0A-er
were to continue in finr hantl-, would ihry m nn
ti pnu'ent to risk so sm^ll a redundance oí mea .> (
Trie chtirman tells us that the Secietdiy t, hiah
duibonti, and is entitled to our ¡anh and eontident e;
Vt t,s ''er.r i"."t fnr 2. cs.::; t for, :' >s noun. i,i
his comrauracaiion  lo the bouorab o  cna.im«ii.
da ed 23th D°caiber, in which he asks the aid of
ihts very mesure, he useó this language: "The
¡-.mount ot means might judiciously extend to the
fi" - or s'x millions which have been asualiy kept
o.. hand m foimer years, as a balance to coveT all
contingencies and fluctuations." If to this it be
rep'ted that such a surplus is greater than is
Ureraied by "the policy of Congress," I would
a iswer that it was usual, and was deemed both
prudent and siie in our better days, and when the
nceipts and expenditures of the Government were
millions less than they are now, or are ever again
likely to be. Nor was the surplus ever intended
to be nducfd below that minimum, by the settled
poiiey of Congress: it was the retrenching processes
cí tí is prodigal Administration, in its reckless and
ir'i oonsible vgtefulress, mits wholesale plunder
of the public Treasury, that exbausled it and
b'jugatdown tie surplus. But if gentlemen per-
si-c m maintaining tha' surplus to be too large,
hear the Secretary again, for another moment, m
terms pieei«a and emphatic: "One mode, then, of
obviatng any ófñcuiíy from ihit circumstance
nil! be'o reduce the aggregate of new appropria-
tions, by po tponmg some and lessening others, so
thit ihs means probably available will be sufficient
to mee: all calls upon the Treasury, and leave in
it an average balance of about two millions." "It
is believed, for reasons enumerated hereafter, that
such a reduction is possible, without essential in-
] >:y to siiy useful object; and that this balance is
tre .mailest which is adequa'e to iecure prompti-
tude and goodfaiihin public payments so heavy
in amount as ours, so unexpected at times in the
dtmnds for ih*m,ar,d so dispersed overa wide
terr.toiy." Previous to the last three or fcur years,
the surplus was rarely ever below five millions of
co.Urs; wifb.iaU.aipe.iiod, prefl gacy has kept it
rargm,; between one and a half and two millions.
Is nt i ihe honcrab e chairman convinced, by the
force oí the authority which he commends to us,
and by ms own enlightened consideration of the
subject, that the proposed surplus will be too small?
Tnen let him romefOrth like a magnanimous appo-
neat and a jast and true patriot, and propose such
additional means as will secure a proper one—
whuh cannot be ¡ess than £2,000,000.
But ".here are otaer claims upon the Treasury of
a laige am.aat, known to the Secretary when he
pjaae up li.s estimate', and not included in them,
and to meet ■«hich, ne.ther lienor the honorable
iba i man prop< ¡>-s an} sup^l.es whatever. Is this
omissioi cau-ed for the purpose of exhibiting to
thecinrii-y :i seaming ¡-nd deceptive economy in
expenditure'? D.d trie Secretary intend to conceal
tho-e heavy c"e:nanJs, and trrow them upon the
next Aden nis'raaon, without furnishing any
means to disohirge them; c r was the Administra-
tion too pu'iU-nim-us to meet the responsibility of
a^kn,* Congiess to supply the ways? On the 17ih
of December, the Secretary of War forwarded lo
the bor.oi^l) e cn-nrman his "est.tn&'.eo of appropri-
ation  tor tl p Fi ii ida war, ' amountms to §2,383,-
5T9 75 % by this unu-al proceedtut.'' It is the
duty or t'.s 1 tad of the Treasury lo furnish Con-
srt.ss «.in estimates for every branch ot the public
s-rwee, s-dMnh a=s been the uniform practice.
H.s air. Secretary Woocbury abandoned the
Flonca \ ar, a&a let' fie head ot the mtliiary de-
par men ■ a one n h.s glar)" in Us management?
Well.iwr. Toms-ti «ar.ts supplies tor ihis war,
tor wn en 1 ecannot g. t Mr. Woodbury's sanction,
and he declines to approach this House through its
otiici 1 0'g--r.,t¡ e S.eakei, but sends his estimates
and hi> oi;ent request to the chairman m the com-
miiteerein frr tnosi supplies. Here is an
anomaly, and a gro.s abuse which sprung up
under lie ia e Admin',tration, and which has been
frequently piacused by the present one, that I hope,
cíe lona, to see reached by the hand of reform.
The Secreuiy ot the Treasury, in conformity to
all Usase, i.nds to Cong-e.-s his es imates of ap-
piopriatKtis necessary for iheeurrent year. These
a-compaiv ihe President's m-ssnge, are printed
v. ,.U it, and spread ref. re the country Alterwards,
tie S c etaij, or si me othei member of the Admi-
n.stra.wn, sendiaodiJonai cstiaaie, and requests
for aJiions to the chairmen of the committees,
wU.Ui" ¿te reponed and voted by Congress.   The
