360
' APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841
26th Cono.•••2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Nisbet.
H. of Reps.
and wi-e system, oí revenue. This they will
scarcely be able to show: for, however deeply the
Government may have been involved by the ab-
surd and temporizing expedients and experiments
of Mr. Van Burén and his friends, I believe it may
be relieved without resort to a msasure of always
doubtful expediency.
Mr Chairmsn, I do not propose to discuss the
financial administration of the party now expiring
I do not intend to show up its enors of theory, and
it? infidelity m practice—to demónstrale the exist-
ence of a national debt—the amount or the mode
of its or gin and augmentation. I dT Bot propose
to analyse the mystic and oracular report of the
Secretary, whose external aspect is so fair, and
whose secret meaning-, are so various end preg-
nant. Other gentlemen haye done all i his That
the Government i  in debt is a postulate—the only
mooted points are the amounts and the mode ot
payment. The amount has been variously esti-
mated from eight to sixteen millions of dollars It
is to the manner in which the money should be
íaised to discharge lhi<- debt, and also lor the usual
purposes of the Government, that I propose ad-
dressing myself. This inquiry is important, be-
cause i' involves the permanent fmanc al system
of the coming Administration, and to Southern
statesmen, the vital question, how far and m what
form liu icvenue isto be raised by duties on im-
ports. Toe larifl, 'he compromise act, the rights
and feelings oí the South, are therefore brought in-
to the discussion Upon the questior of a revision
oí Ihe tariff, nor as to the origin, effect, aiid main-
tenance of the act of 2d March, 1833, known as
the compromise, would I have said one word, but
lor the course of argument and remark indulged m
by my friend from South Carolina, [Mr Rheit.]
To him I hope u> be able to if ply successfully.
Sir, as a member ol ihc Harrison party, I w mid
discard shilts and financial subterfuges lam for
adopting, in the veiy outset of the now Adminis
tration, a system winch will pay the tit lit entalle I
upon the State, and keep hei out of debt—a sysh m
that shall be equal to a supply in a uniform way of
all the wants of an economical Administration
The reliance if this Government foi reunue is
upon, 1st, the public domain, 2d, dinct taxation,
and 3d, imposts Should the usaje tí the Govern-
ment foi past years, m iclation to the public lands,
continue to be its policy ioi years to come, and they
should be brought into market on the most favora-
ble terms, reasoning liom the past to the future,
three million dolíais must be the exttnt oí meóme
from that quarter. The expenditures of the Go-
vernment cannot fall below twenty millions an-
nually. A very small part, therefore, of the
annual wants ot the- State can be realized from
the public rlom u  But, sir, how It ng shall we
receive this small revenue from lands? Who
shall tell us the destiny of the vast tun-
tory of the Union? Who so secr-like as to predict
its disposition'! A few years may wi n< -,s tht, total
loss of this magnificent mine of wealth, scattered
to ihc winds, dissipated to feed the aspirations of
unhallowed ambition, a bone over wluoh the mad
zealots ol paiiy fi«hi, an interest which we may
live to see sjld to buy the bauble, Ihe Presidency,
to amuse for a moriu nt some spoiled child rf pow-
er. The new States claim it even now as their
own, and threaten 'o seize it with the strong arm of
their outnumb" its; representation under ihe next
censo . And leader  ot paity—one at least—
would concilia e tin Warwick power of sciti"g i-p
and pulli'g ('own Presidents, by substantially gi/
ing what it a,K ,nd transferring ihe ti 1 to tbfst
lands to the i..w Stfi s ■ .ibicb. they 1 c, alltgms
as a repson th^t, it we do not give them the lands,
they will soon have the ¡owort) lake them, thu-,
violating a trt-si to ,..o<t a itibioiy 0' ihr- ncn
1< gaey < í the o d Sta'fs, t ¡ther ¡r ten m tirir ir-um-
ficence, tr b u h' it'i '^cir bkoi ani Ueasure,
may be squandered by a'pn dt'mft tru ce in pre-
emption prtvilpges to fo'tign i i rngiarits, invited
by Democrat c cupidii, for po*t i to t ome and rul«
ovti ns, and pad outcf a fund not its own to
etpmp upon our sys em ei ber ihe irnj. ulsiveness rf
r vo uhenary mob or the despotism of European
dyns-sties Or, u may be, the States, distrusting
i'ie fidel ty of the Governmsnt in the management
of this trust fund, all charges upon it having been
paid, will divide its proceeds, as they have a right
to do, equitably among tliemselvec.
I will not now, Mr Chairman, pause to dis-
cuss, as others have done, the distribution bill of
Mr Clay. Sufficient lo the day will be the du-
ties it may bring with it. I advpit to these mea-
sures, in relation to the pubLc lands, for the «ole
purpose of showing that from them wc have no
eeriafnty of deriving revenue to any amount what-
ever *
The gentleman fiom South Carolina is the only
statesman of the age who has approved direct tax-
ation, m time of peac, as a mode of raising the
public moneys. He stands along m this regard
He, with his usual independence of thought and
action, has ventured to recommend direct taxes in-
ste sd of indirect taxation by duties on imports.
But, sir, his system is revolting lo the feelings of
our free peop'e They abhor it with all its odious
machinery and thiong of gatherers, it" Executive
paironage, its expensive execution, and its cruel
exactions It is true that it may be plausibly said
of it that it is the only plan of apportioning taxes
with mathematical equality among the people, that
it adjusts, rightly, the proportions < f property ar d
taxation. But, sir, however fair may appear the
reasoning of its lnends, when drawn out with all
the aid of figures, it is still true that, in a political
sense, the scheme has the effect of vastly augment-
ing the laxe*, ol A and B against their eon ent, and
of dimim lung ihost of C ai d O, which, under a
different system, they pay willingly lax.ttion by
imposts is a voluntary systuri to a great extern; by
direct imposition, one oí constraint. Thefonrer
levies its contubutions upon censump ion, which
is great oi small, according to Ihe means ol the
citizen, his whim tr (apnee, his luxur.ous excesses,
or his necessary wants. All the ¡¿x which the em-
ail pays over and above his neces-aiy consumption
is paid voluntanly, whereas ihe tax which the law
dirtetly levies must bi paid with or without con-
sumptitn If, indeed, direct taxation, in lime of
peate, 'vpre right in pnrciple, it < otild b  in vain
to attempt its adoption. You mipl t as wed expect
to stamp leprosy upon tl e body phjsioa!, as direct
taxes upon the bodj politic of this nation.
Whi never, Ihoiehne, Mr Ohauman, we need
mote money to defray Ihe necessary expenses tf
the Government, we must resort to imposts. This
is the ancient, well-approved means, adopted by
the wist fathers of the Commonwealth, aid perse-
vered in bv every Administration from Washington
to Van Burcn Gm'lemen tlecry incteased dutus
as at war with >S ate right tenets Ihey cry tariff!
tariff1 and vatt 1), as 1 believe, strive to sur up the
South upon this ancient ala'm note. Sir, ihis un-
reasoning', ilhbenI panic device has lost lis rowtr
at the houth Its day has i;one by, «e have be-
et me .o accustomed to Ihe "extnioidinary crises"
of certain political leaders, ihat they are held pretty
mut h as periodical matters ot course. For mysell,
1 have thrown off the shell of my political immatu-
rity, and haply feel able to run or fly on my own
account. Not is my Siate, sir, in the leading-
strings of any self constituted director She is free
in her opinions as the wine's of her own mountain**,
and steadfast as their granite foundation0.
I shall show, sir, I ttust, that I advecate no tariff
for pro ectton, on the contrary, ihat the course I
recommend is ilu best guaranty against it The
people who ient me here are, as they ever have
been, utterly  oppi sed  to  a  tar ft  foi protection
"Tlu ¡ blic ItmK wire cilhei cede tí by the States withm
whostlunu the) tvto (lit Genet U ÍTOvotimtnt ot nmchased
(as rk u J i an I I oui ! ui(i)wnh the t t ¡ m m tun !« lit ji o ot
tlip r in i icsi! LL ¡on ltissnpulltui íh u the landsatü ti \t
tpj [kd to thepiy+nuit ol the nation il debt and whin that is
di* ti UiiL 1, ishdli bu htjit by the Guvt inuitiil lot the not. ot
ttii. I iiuf d 'stales- In the I eaiy of ( ssinn between Geoi<na
i ithoG iv u mem of M>2, by wb h site relinquished tile vast
Utntoty which ton Mutis the gu t et tan ol Alabama and
M s ibfeipj l, It is pi m est that the lai dt, sfi !| bt. charged with
the pryimiit ol S/l^iUUOO mil tito co t^ oft fv\\ erant= aid
shlll then be held fot the use of the United feette&, heisdf lit
eluded -so thai, aceouuiie lo the&e compacis, pal ocularly that
oí (Jt.oigla the chaises on íhe lmdbein¿ satisfied it is clearly
the right ot the Government, if thought advisable, to distubute
us proceeds amonir the femes All conttoversy however, as to
'he power of Oongless over tlie temtoty of the United States is,
to my mind, settled by the Constitution, which in words, clothes
Congress with tile power to dispose ofthateiritory of the United
tetate 
That opposition is stern, unflinching, and univer-
sal, and in times to come will know no abatement.
No one from the South has advocated a tariff for
protection. My able friend from South Carolina
[Mr Thompson] has y íeldt-d no anti tariff principle,
and I am at a loss to perceive why all this talk
about a new tariff. If it be to arouse in advance
public indignation against duties on luxuries for
revenue, and thus forestall the public judgment, I
am sure that gentlemen will probably fail of their
object. My constituent*, at least, have the power
to discriminate between low duties for revenue, and
high duties for protection.
I am, «ir, a strict constructionist—a very strict
constructionist, a Phansee of the Pharisees The
State right principles I profess have been brought
into disreput  by the fierce extiavagance of ultra
leaders. As by some expounded, ihey become
wholly impracticable, and, if at all available, make
our system of Government too feeble. It is the
habit of one distinguished name to bring almost
every proposed power of the Federal Government
within the range of a coDSi'utional doubt, and thus
nullify its indispensable action. No one sustains
himself with more dialectical ability, he decks his
sophistries in the beautiful robes of genius, and
gives to them emphasis and impressivenets by the
Sery zeal of his advocacy He is still an unsafe
leader, because the past has pioven ihat, with the
same masterly ability, he has sustained the most
antagonist policy He is a changeling; and has
the infirmity of being unconscious of it, or the
hardihood to deny it m the face of the most demon-
strative proof. H's couise is still a blazing track
in ihe firmament of politics, like the meteor, hav-
ing no established orbi', but wheeling madly
athwart the firmament
My idea ot State i ghts is to deny to the Go-
vernment all powers, not expressly granted, and to
exercise fearlessly and ñe^ly theise that aio. Nor
ami willing, withmetjr nysisal subtleties, lo refine
upon the conceded powers until then utility is rea-
soned away Then, sir, the power to lay imposts
is expressly granted I am now ready, under the
restrictions I propose to stigge t, to use it
Before entering upon this brniich of my argu-
ment, allow me t  digress but for a moment, for the
purpose of saying that the wasteful expenditures of
this Administration are to be attributed, in part, to
a careless or merelv partisan «elect on of disbursing
agents, and ,,that this is fully proven m the vast
sums expended in the conduct of theSeramole war.
The proximity of my own State to the Florida line,
and the part her citizens have borne in the suffer-
ings ol that disastrous and doomed conflict, con-
flict, constratn me to know and condemn its ma-
nagement My own S ate has not been exempt
from savate incurs on, her villages have been in
some instances burnt, and hei households butchered.
To us ihe parent Government has ex ended no pro-
teciion.    Our own chivalry has repelled the foe.
As to Florida, after years of suffering, she is still
the victim of Indian craft and cruelty, of Federal
incompetency or carelessness Her lands are un-
tilled, and her tropical fields yie'd no frtuts. The
war whoop wakes the slumber of infancy unto
death, manhood and femmahty are alike defence-
lets The cottage of the woodsman and the palace
of the rich planter crumble before the torch of the
incendiary. The bl< ed of the bravest and best has
mingled with Ler yet unconqucred soil And still
tr.e Yemasee warm r lingers m his lair. The Se
miróle heides still roam over her plains, or skulk
in her everglades. The war «till rages, and the
people suffer. The«e sufferings are s0 common,
that th > s°em of late to attract no attention, and
command no sympa'hy. The complaints of Flori-
da reach not the ear of power; her agonies touch
not the hearts of her rulers Money enoueh has
been expended in conqueiing these marauding sa-
vages to clotre the Terrrory in the bloom and
beauty of art, science, and ¡el gion—-a richer bloom
by far than that which a genial climate begets upon
her woods and field? I make these remarks, sir,
not alone to record my condemnation of the past,
bur, if possible, also to enlist sympathy for ths fu-
ture.
Assuming that there is a debt of the Government
to be paid, and that the income is not equal to the
