Jan. 1841.______________            APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.__________________________267
26th Cong......2nd Se*s..         ______           Naturalization Laws—Mr. Duncan.                                                      H. of Reps.
principles which give them name, have always
been in favor of the broadest liberty of speech, the
freedom of debate, and the freedom of the press—
the most liberal exercise of the elective franchise,
and the least possible restraint upon the privileges
of naturalization, which the safety cf the country
would admit. The Fedeial party have ever ex-
erted themselves to limit the freedom of speech, of
debate, and of the press, to circumscube tne elec-
tive franchise withm the narrowest possible
bound*, and to throw all the restrictions and em-
barrassments possible in the way of naturalization,
andaré now endeavoring, m violation of the Con-
stitution, to deprive foreigners of the rif hts of citi-
zenship. I make no assertions here but what I
can prove, so I proceed to piove the e
I will not trace our political h'story for this pur-
pose further than the administration of the elder
Adams. The Federal party had ihe ascendency in
both branches of the National Legislature, &z well
as in the Executive Department, and here are
some of the fruits of that Admm'stration.
I hold m my hand volume third of the United
States Laws, page sixty-one, which contains an act
supplementary to and to amend the act cntitled,"An
act to establish a uniform rule of naturalization,
and to repeal the act heretofore passed on that sub-
ject." This act was passed during the Federal ad-
ministration oí the elder Adams, and was approved
by him, June 18th, 1898. The first section of this
act provides that foreigners snail not be naturalized
short of a residence oí fourteen years m this coun-
try next preceding tneir application This act was
a Federal measure, was introduced by Federalists,
was sustained by Federalists, passed by Federal-
ists, and approved by a Federal President. It was
opposed by the Democratic party ,n Congress, as
the journals show which I hold in my hand, and
by the Democratic party out of Congress as the
political history of the country show , I held in
my hand ihe act which is now m force, and which
repeals the fourteen year act, and reduces the resi-
dence of foreigners neces>ary to naturalization to
five years This act was opposed by the Federal
party then in Congress, as the journals which I
hold m my hand show. It was passe 1 by tne De-
mocratic party; but ¡t was passed as the surgeon
draws the tooth—it was passed by the hardest effort.
But I wish to be brief- i wdl come up ¡o modern
times
Last winter, a Democratic member (Mr Hand
of New York) introduced a bill, at aa eaily period
of the session, to shorten the residence requ led o>
the act now in force. That bill was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary A majority of tnat
committee were Federalists (modem Whig*,) but
no power on this < arth was able to rescue it from
their hands, it slept the sleep of death The same
gentltman introduced a similar bill at (he com-
mencement of this session A motion was made
to refer it to a Committee of the Wnuie House on
the state of the Union, that motion fa led by a par-
ty vote, the Federalists voting agams' it. A mo-
tion wat made te> refer it to tne standing Ct mimt
tee on the JnukcMry, that motion was carried by a
party vote—eve<-y Federa i-t m the House voting
for it, and the Democracy against it, and mere tint
bill now is safe for an eternal sle p But I shall
not pursue the historj—this is enough fir my pur-
pose. I could make a book of the party struggles
on ihe subject of naturalization; in every instance
of which, the Demociacy have teen on the side of
liberality, and the Federalists on the side ot re«t ic-
tion. Here is proof— historical pi oof—documen-
tary proof, of (he fact, that it is a cardinal princt
pie with the Federal party to throw every poowb'e
restriction and embarrassment m me way of natu-
ralization But the Ffd'-iahsts do not stop at re-
strictions and embsr.asssnen't; they seek to over-
throw the privilege and constitutional rights of na-
tuiahzation, they seek h, deprive the foreigner
of the light of citizenship at present, and m all
time to come, tnej seek to make the foreigner a
vassal—"a h°wer of wood and a drawer of water "
The country is, at thia tunc, overspread with ' Na-
tive American Associations" Native American
Associations! I will remark upon that term be-
fore I take my seat. Yes, sir, our country is over-
spread with Native American Associations *   And
what i-, their object2 I ho'd in aiy hand a memo-
rial which answers the ques'ion. Hers it is :
"To the honoiable the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled
"Fellow Citizen* The petition of the undetsigned citizens
of the United States, and ol the State of Illinois respectfully
shows their belief, that time has fulfilled the object had in view
by our latheis at the pel rod of adopmg the Constitution, when
they gave the Congress the power of passing laws for the natu
ralization of foreigners, and your petitioners also show their be
lief, that th fat'her admission of foreigners to apaiticipauon
in the political rights of nativ.. Amencais, would be huuful to
themteiests of our country and if continued will, sooner or
later, piove deductive to our Repubhctninstitutions Your
petmone 6 therefore, ask the a lention 01 yoiu honoraole body
to the virion'? petitions fot a íepe-ü ofthenatmalization laws
which have been formerly presented to your Honorable body,
and they farther ask your honorable body to lep eat entirely the
laws which now exist in regard to the natura lization of fo
rugtteis "
What do you think of that, sir? Yt w Clerk's
desk groans with such petitions frori "Native
American Associations," and Federalists not asso-
ciated under that name And of whorr and of
what are those Native American Assoc ati ns com-
posed? Federalists, I answei, without the fear of
successful contradiction, Fedt-ralisti. Theie is not
a pure Republican in. the United States, who has
ever favored at heart the principles of Democracy,
who has initiated himself m ons of those m<amous
associa ions. Infamous, did I say' Is that too
hard a term? No, rot m hen we contemplate ihe
object The name is good—it is honorable It is
not the first time we have known a name to be as
sumed for a purpose foreign to the purpose which
the name would imply. We have frequently
known a name to be used to cover the basest
frauds We have seen, within Ihe last twenty-five
years, the political vocabulary exhausted ot names
to cover the dangerous and subverting pnneipVs
of Federalism; and su h is the object of buth ih 
name an! the association in question.
The true interpretation of "Native American
Association" will be understood b" every pa not
when tnmgs shsil De railed by their right name*
The tr?nslatior> of "Native American Association"
will be, base demaio^ues, violators of the Cons'im-
tion; co'rupt minions of Fedetalisin; polluters of
the pur? fouatams oí Republican me, infamous de
spoilers of the elective franchise, myrmidons of des-
potism on the soil of our free institutions; calumnia-
tors and foul detrae'trs of ihe American character
and Republican ptmciple , 'eckless political swin-
dlers, who would sacrifice their country, and sink to
elerntty herf-eeinst.'utions,tolive aday themselves
on their rums, high h nd°d pol tical railed at th"
rewards due to the immortal m iione- anl p^lriü-
tic services o' j_afa}e te, DsKalb, Pulaski, Mont-
gomery, Itosc usko, and & h st oí o her foieigrers,
whoss name will be sung whtn those who com-
piseyour ' Natue American Association" Will be
lost in forge 'i*n ss Nat ve American Associa-
tion ' Sir, ihe name in coai^caon with Ihe object,
sickens me.
Such an Asocial on, tor such apurpose, disgraces
the American escutcncoii, Mid merits themd gnant
scorn < f every to'er ot hum in liberty and rc-
publ can freedom Suco an institu'ion, for
sticrj a perpose, is wo'Hj, wiih iti m mhers, (0 be
the ready in t'umeni 'he ton's, at d ihe corrupt
mm ons tí a -avi <U n«, shiitpii-itr, 10 en b -
rough, stockjoDDing aristocracy, and ot winch, too,
they are a part And yet, strange 10 say, and al-
most incredible, I am told there are loreigners who
have enrolled ti em-selves n nose associations if
there be saeh a foreigner, that >nan is prepared o
open his jaws for tl<* bit, bend hi-, b^ck ior the
saddle, and, like Bikam's ass, leceive the kick- of
his master, without even the right to say, "VTy
lord, my lord, why srmte3t Lioj me'"
Sir, I could compile a book uf Federsl memo-
rial , resolutions, order , sa^mss, &c. that have for
lb, >r object the d'bfianeUi ement ot foreigners, but
time will not permit I v; ill have to confine myself
to two or three moieexposes I bold in my Ivnd
an addre-s of one oí thuse avsoeiftions called "Na-
tive American," irom which I will read an extrae!
"We do solemnly reso ve to opp se the elec ion or appoint
ment of any but Amencin citizens to office in 1 henceforward
use our united e I uts and unspar ng ? al to procure such an a!
teration in the naturaliza! on law as shall exclude from the right
of suffrage all foreigners who come into the country altor
such law has p^sed "
In the opmicn of a Federalist of high standing,
among other things, we find the following:
' Of the Irish foreigners, most of them are paupers, strangers,
sojoui ners, loaters, and other cattle, who contribute not one cent
to the maintenance of the Government, and are not found save
on the days of election, and are never seen afterwards They
swear falsely  ith perfect impunity as respects punishment in
this world, and according to whose faith, perhaps, the price of a
day's labor gives them [the Roman Catholics] absolution for the
next "
I am no Roman Catholic, but I believe this a
base slander upon the Irish, worthy of a dema-
gogue and a liar, and, I believe a foul detraction
from the principles of the Roman Catholic reli-
gion, worthy of a polluted heart or a benighted
mini
The preient Executive of the State of New
York, Governor Seward, m his matgural message,
says-
' There is another resource which is ours, neithei
by inheritance nor by purchase, nor by violence nor
by fiaud It is the LABOR, the incalculable LABOR
of the European States The truth of this state
ment eveiy native American is proud to admit, it is, indeed,
by their labor, AN~D BY THAT ONLY, that foreigners
render AN Y SERVICE in the United States, and it is the
duty asms thejiKt pierosative of the American people, TO
CONFINE THEM TO THIS THEIR ONLY PRO
PER VOCATION IN OUR COUNTRY"
This sentiment is worthy of the edict of a heart-
less despot. But it is now time thai I should intro-
duce the alien and sedition laws as a part of my
expose of Federal hostility to foreigners, as well
as the liberty of speech, the enjoyment of debate,
and the freedom of the press; and first of the
Alien law, I read from vol. 3d, Uni'ed States Laws,
page 66
"AN ACT CONCERNING ALIENS
"And be it enacted, Sec That it shall be lawful for the Pre
sident of the United States, at any time during the continuance
of this act, to order all such aliens as he shall judge dangerous
to the peace and safetv o<" the United States or shall have rea
sonable giounds to suspect aie concerned m any treasonable or
secret machination  against the Government theieof, to depart
out of the temtory of the United State , within such time as
si ait be expiesselm such order, which oidei shall be served
on sue i alien bv delivering him a copy thereof, or leaving the
same at his usual abode and leturned to the office of the Se
crefary of State, by the marshal, or othei persons to whom the
same shall be directed And in case any alien bo ordered to de
pait, shall he found at laige withm the United States after the
tune limited m such order for his departure, and not having ob-
tained a licence from the Plesident to reside therein, or having
obtained such license shall not have confoimed thereto, every
such alien shall on conviction thereof be imprisoned for a
term not exceeding three yeiis, and shall never after be ad-
mitted to become a ctti7en of the United States
Approved June 2o, 1798 "
I wdl lead no more from this law—this is
enough for my parpo e And now foi the sediuon
law In the volume 3, United States Liws, page
98, second section ci an act entitled an act for the
punis'iment of cert?m crimes against the United
Sla e , we find the foltowmr
"fiiatil any per=on snail write, punt, utter or publish, or
shall cause or , loeuie to be wuuen pimlid, littered or pub
lishe 1, o, shall Miowmgly and w lllinely assist or aid in writing,
puntin^or publishing any tal e, scandalous or malicious wr ung
or %M1 logs diiaui^t the Government of the United States or
eithei House of the ( ongiess of the United Sta es, or the Pre
sijont of the United slates, with intent to defame the said Go
veinraent, 01 euhei Hou«e of the said Congress, or the said
Presid nt, or to bung tnemtr either of them into contempt or
disrepute or to excite against them 01 either or a iy of them the
hatred ot the gotd people oí ue Up ted Mates         *    *    "    *
s ich person beirg convickd theieor before any couit of the
tinted StateshatingjuusdlLtion tncleof, sha!lbe punished by
fine not exceeding two thousand dolla.s, and by imprisonment
not exceed ng two>ears "
The-e Hv i extracts const tu e all th a is necessa-
ry for Hie to expose of these laws. They
would hate been b«*er ft ed for a place in the
codtsii Cangula or Nero than m ihe American
s atu'e bojk I might ¿sk 'ho foreigner, I care not
from what despot sm he may hitve fled, whether or
not his condition would be ffiuc i .mproved under
ihe existence of =uch laws as iht e. I have ex-
po eC fiern, and I intend to make them a part of
my printed remarks, because I thmk they cannot
be too frequently exp< sed I think the safety of
our free institutions and our personal liberty re-
quite tneir frequTt expjsiiion. True, they have
been rep aled, still they cccupy a place m the
Amei can sítate book to its di-giace and infamy.
But i would not have them expunged if I could. I
wo aid not only >et them remain on the siamts
bo k, but I would have them trans-la ed into every
tongue, and posled upon the high ways at public
corners—upon ihe church pillars and in. every fo-
rum They t'ocld serve as warnings and beacons
to the unvvary, that even heie liberty is only to be
perpetuated by a vigilance and an unceasing
watchfulness, which can only be surpassed by the
bravery and patriotism which rescued it from ihe
grasp of despotism.
