Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26#
26th Cong-•■■2nd Sess.
Naturaliza'ion Laws—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
spirit which wept the alien and sedition laws from our statute
book "
I bave other evidence and demonstration  ex-
pressive of the liberality which have characterized
the whole course of the Democratic party, bat my
time and the limits of a speech will not permit me
to make farther displays of Ihem at ih's time.
Who are foreigners, and why should the name
be a reproach and a word of taunt, as it is here
and elsewhere'1 Who are foreigners, and why
should they be deprived of the benefits, of oar free
institutions, of which the Constitution does not de-
prive them'' Were our ancestors, who fiist settkd
the country, felled the forest, and subdued the sa-
vage, m defiance oí every terror and of every
danger, not foreigners' Who were the patriots of
the Revolution? Who periled their lives, spilled
their blood, and pledged their fortunes m a na-
tion's redemption'! Were they not foreigners, or
the descendants of foreigners? Wl o were they
who stood forth so nobly, so gallantly, and
so successfully m our second strugg'e for
independence1 Wt-re they not foreigner-,, and
the descendants of foreigners. And who are
they who make up the entire population of the
United States and the Territories there)''' who
maintain the country in peace, and who, it
is to be hoped, will again stand forth in her de-
fence, without distinction or regard to their land < f
nativit)—are they not foreigners, or the descend-
ants of foreigners'
Sir, I have stated lhat the restrictions interwoven.
in some of our pelitical institutions by our ances-
tors, were the result of pa'notic caution. But fiom
the success of the Federal party m 1796, to this
time very different motives hive governed that par-
ty in relation to foreigners. It was well known
then, as it is now, that the German and Irish con-
stitute a majority of all the foreign population in
this country. It was, well known then, as it is
now, that a large majority of those classes of our
foreign population are Democrats in principle, as
they are in practice. The Federal hoitility, which
has always been manifested towards foreigner-,
has reference to the Irish and Germans, not to fo
reigners in genera , nor doe^ that hostility proceed
from any apprehension of danger to the liberties
of our country, or the overthrow of our Govern-
ment by those clashes of our population, but from
the fact that Federalism cannot be what it would
or might be but for the German and Irish
political influence. If the German and Irish
population could be cut eff from their political and
constitutional privileges, we would hear no more
of "Native American As'ocialions," nor would we
hear any thing more of Federal legislation on the
subject of naturahzatior, except to remove all re-
strictions upon foreigners. All would then benght,
Federalism cculd then be just what its advoca.es
desire, that is to say, always in power.
Sir, I bave the candor to acknowledge that a
leading object with me, in advocating an amend-
ment of the naturalization lsws, is to cecuie om
Irish and German population (as well that in eise as
thaUii/wiuro) the broadest possible privileges which
our Constitution will admit; yet I would not vote
for the passage of any law that would not extend
equal privileges to all foieigners, without distinc-
tion of birth, country, or the party to which they
might belong. The charter of our liberties was
sealed by the blood of almost every nation. The
blood of the foreigner mingled with that oí the na-
tive American in every battle wh ch was fought in
our glorious Revolution. Had oar patriotic sires of
the Revolution no object beyond their own emanci-
pation and the freedom of their posterity' They
looked to the oppressed of the coun lies from which
they fled. Was it not something more than mere
colonial emancipation that forcen the gallant La-
fayette from his family, h<s friends, and the
"blushing mine hills ot hi-, native France," "to
crusade for fieedom'" He was actuated by
a love of libtrty which had no resttaint—■
a love of liberty which was neither limited
to the colonial citizens nor their posterity.
His love of liberty grasped the world. It extended
to all then living, and ti all who were to live. He
perilled the ocean, shed his blood, and sacrificed
his fortune, m America's cause, not merely that the
foreigner who fled th  iron rod of despotism and
the excommumcat'ons oí bigotry and superstition,
should find peace of conscience and civil protec-
tion, but that, in addition, he should walk erect as
a freeman, and participate in all the political rights
of a citizen, which he shed his blood to purchase.
Who but an ungrat-ful despot at heart, or a base
minion of autocracy, would deny to the country-
men of Lafayette the rights of an American citizen'
Sir, the blood of every foreign patriot which was
shed in the Revolution, as well as m our second
struggle for independence, cries aloud from the
ground that drank it, and demands, as amatter of
right, that his countrymen shall be admitted to the
rights of an American citizen. The common prin-
ciples of rec.procal justice, patriotism, and grati-
tude, demand lhat tnat call should be implicitly
obeyed But, sir, while it is a principal object
with the Federalists to abolish or prohibit the poli-
tical franchise of our Irish and German pcpulatu n,
because ihey are opposed to Federal principles and
Federal institution1!, I would maintain and extend
their franchise because they favor Democratic
principles and Democratic institutions. I look
upon the suppert which our free m-titu'ions re-
ceive from our Irish and Ger«nan population as a
high guaranieefor their dura'ion I look upon eveiy
Irishman and every German who comes to this
country m health, or with abilities or means to
maintain themselves, .whether by labor or other ho-
nest mean , as an acquisition to our national
strength and wea'th.
I believe I have used the name of DeKalb.
That is a sacred name with every grateful Ameri-
can. I cannot consent to pass it without no'ice
It is ungrateful to select from tne band of patriots
who shed their blood on liberty's altar the name of
anyone as the subject ofeukgy Bu', as it is
the rights of Germans I am maintaining, I must
be pera.ittcd to «peak of lhat d stmguished patriot
The name of DeKalb stands prominent on the sa-
cred history that records the noble and danng d eds
of the brave, his memory entwines the heart of
every lover of his countiy, his name is the host
and pride of a'l who delighi to recount fhp services
of thVe wiso achieved our Independence; his sei-
vices live immortal, to welccme to the land of his
redemption every German who seeks a lefuge from
his home of oppression. DsKalb was a son of Ger-
many He was born to balde with despousm. He
was one oí Heaven's decreed, to rescue the < ppress-
ed from the grasp of the tyrant. His noble daring
conesponaed with the noble purpose ol his destiny.
He forsook as if by divine intuition the land of his
birth, and the home of his relatives, the endear-
ments and assocations founded m youthful
friendships, to battle in the sloom and clouds ot
war for a peopte who had no claims on him. He
came m the Revolution, when want and calamity
wre the darkest, and when the devastations of
war were spreading the widest, and when tne
"torch of the enemy was in the midst of destiuc-
tion." His sacred regard for the cause of human
rights allowed him no time for reflection. He at
once sought the most dangprous post and the hottest
fight. Soon after his arrival he was appoints 1 to
the command of ihe regulars in the Southern divi
sion of the army, and gloriously fell in the batt'e
of Camden, a martyr to the cause of liberty
Who, I ask, that is now basking in the «sunshine
of liberty, purchased by the blood of DeKalb, will
refuse the rights of an American citizen to the
German?
I have no time to specify the signal services of
the American Irish, either >n the Revolution or
our second struggle. I will say, hov- ever, that
the American histonan has but roorly discharged
his duty, who has failed to give the lash a high
place in the hisfor cal temple of ¡ame, in his de-
scription of our glorious and successful sfcgsles
But I have used the name of Mongomery.
That too is a sacred name, and should not
be uttered but in affeetisn and patriotic reve-
lence. I dare not pass lhat name without
recounting briefly the gallant deeds cf him who
honored it, and the glorious part he took in. a na-
tion's emancipation. Mon'gomery was an Irish-
man. He distinguished himself as an officer and a
soldier under Wolfe, at the taking of Quebec by
•he British, by which he acquired a high military
reputation. Pievious to the American Revolution
he settled in the Slate of New York. He took a
decided stand with the Colonies against the "mo-
ther country " In 1775 he was appointed t  the
command of the northern department of the Con-
tinental army, in conjunction with General Schuy-
ler; but the declining health of the latter threw the
who'e of the command on him. He captured
Fort Chamble, St John, and Montreal; after which
he proceeded to besiege GLuebec The siege conti-
nued a monih, when he attempted to storm the
place; but, in the act of doing all that courage,
bravery, and skill could do, he gloriously fell, with
two of his aids by his side.
Who would deny to the countrymen of Montgo-
mery the rights of an American citizen? None,
sir, but he who is unworthy of such rights himself.
Where was the time, or where the peril, that the
Irish were not at the post of danger? So it al-
ways will be. A love of freedom, and a sacred
and unconquerable attachment to the princi-
ples of liberty, constitute the Irishman's nature.
No hand, however oppressive, no time however
long, no laws however tyrannical, while they per-
mit him to breathe, and wear his manly form, can
bend him from his attachments to human liberty,
nor paraly/e his efforts to sustain and defend it, nor
cower h s burning and indignant brow from frown-
ing upon the despot. That manly hatred, that just
revenge, that patriotic and uncompromising hosti-
lity which have a just residence in the breast of
every honest Irishman, whether m this country or
in his n?ttve Erin, towards England for the oppres-
sion and tyranny to his injured and oppressed
land, is a high and valuable security to Ame-
rican liberty at all times, and against all invaders,
but more especia'ly ag'nst British invasion to
wh ch we are moie exposed, and from which we
have more to fear, than from all others besides.
But he who wishes properly to appreciate ths
Irish character, must not limit his research, either
to the noble resistance to British oppression, or to
the displays of Irish patriotism and courage in our
national struggles. The Irish nation claim an
ancestry superior to the Anglo Saxon race They
are the decendants of the Carthaginians, who were
a family of Phoenicia No people on the face of the
earth were more distinguished for all the requisi-
tions that form a brave a persevering people
than were the Phoenicians Their noble daring,
and fearless bravery, gate them the control of the
seas, an J the command of the commercial world.
No sea or ocean in the known world, in their day,
was too rroad, too deep, or too tempestuous, for
them to encounter No country was too distant
for them to reach and penetrate Phoenicia enriched
herself bf the commerce ot a'l nations. Carthage
rao ,5 colony of Tyre, and partook of her bravery
ard dariBg, as well as of her skill in the art of
navigation, ard perseverance in commerce; and,
in turn, enriched herself at the expense of all na-
tion . I «ay the Iri'h were a cedeny from Car-
thage, and such is their pride of ancestry, and
such their love of country, their laws, their cus-
toms, and then institutions,'hat even the subvert-
ing arm of Great Britain has been unable to over-
throw or extinguish them. Even to this day,
though three thousand years have elapsed, they
speak the Carthasin'an language almost in its pu-
rity. He who wishes to know the Irish history,
and the Irish character, must avoid the EDglish
h'stonan as he would the book of slander and de-
traction It has always been an object of na-
tional po'icy, as well as national prme, with the
English historian, to present the Irish people to the
word as a wud, reckless, and an ungoverna-
ble people. English historians pass off their
patnolism, and their struggles for liberty, as the re-
sult of a wild and unconquerable hatred to the
rules rnd restraints of civil government, with a
view to cover the iniquities and violence of British
oppression. It is a vile slander of the lush nation
and the Irish character, as the fact of the duration
of their national customs and language proves.
Nothing goes so far to prove the stabih y and re-
gularity of a nation as an attachment to the sup-
port of customs, maxims-, institutions, laws, and
language which have been found convenient and
