sr6
1 APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841
26th Con©....2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Triplet!.
H. of Reps.
tion, or taken off of French wines, brandies, and
silks. And you will quickly hear of convent.ons
similar to ours, and petitions and memorials from
the wine and silk-growers of Fiance, calling upon
their Chamber of Depu íes to abolish th  Reg;  , or
monopoly of the tobacco trade, and írd ice the du-
ty on that article to a reasonable stand \rd And
here leHne remark, Mr. Chairman, tha' nowhere,
not even m this Hall, is public sentipient more
quickly fslt and answered to than m the F, each
Chamber of Deputies: a million and a half < f their
constituents never asked in vain for a redress of
any grievance.
. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr Wise) read
the other day, from a document furmsfied to him
by a friend, some statistics, facts, and .'rguments,
of a different character from what I am m the habu
of using, and I called on him then to say from
whence that document came, but he declined doing
it. Now, Mr. Chairman, I state, upon the autho-
rity furniihed by our Treasury Department, that
our imports from France are much greater than
our exports to that country. For example: Taking
an average of three years, from October 1, 1835,
to September 30, 1838, the annual avenge t f the
total amount oí importations Irom France was
$25,490,276, while the annual average < f the total
exports of the United State- to France was only
$18,804 398, being only three-fourth* ot no amount
of our imports.
But I have other evidence besides this I ypste--
day received from the Secefary of the Ticv-uiv, in
reply to a letter addressed to him by me, the follow-
ing statement of the amount ol imports inmpwl
export  to Funce during ths years ending l83S-'9,
which I will now read for the information ot thx
gentleman from Virginia and ot the commute 
Statement of the amount of tmpoih from and i rpm ft, to
Fiance during the ycars ending on tin ÍWí/i Sentí mini
183H and 1831
Years ending
Sep 30, 1EUS
Seii 30, 1830
Valueofim
ports
«17,771 7')7
JAWI.JSl
A at hi1 ol t\j> its
Tlomeittt
pindurt
41t .'1411
n,0t.6,10s
1 0UIÍTU
j) othitt
SUM) It «J
J, A 1,8.11
,rl7t,ir.ll>
11.Í0 9W
Note —The accounts fot 18-10 aro not complete
IRBASURY IlBPAIUMENr,
BegiBtot'a ollice, Jan a<>, 1811
T I. SMITH, IU,>istei
I do not know (continued Mr. T.) who furnish
ed the facts and statements relied upon by the get -
tleman trom Virginia; but I do know irom whence
the argument's came which he read to tint com-
mittee. And here, tor the purpose if making the
matter more intelligib'e, I mint go back a little.
Strange at it may appear to some gcntl men, tins
subject of the protection af the America i t.bacco
trade in France early attracted the attention ot the
Amenean Gsvernrnent. Previoub to the forma-
tion of the present Constitution, Mr Jefl .son,
when Minister to France in the year 1783, brought
up this question with a power and earnestness
which proved him to be as true an American a*, he
was a great statesman. He pressed it upon tho
consideration of the French Govern'ten  until le
ultimately compelled it, to some ext nt, to indurate
the monopoly. And what were the bene" s n i.lt-
mgfrom his t/forts? In a Jingle year, o<vU„n
tageous did this mitigation prove, the in palatum
of tobacco rn'o France increased from  i'ht o
thirty-five thousand hogsheads. And )e we are
told that no advantage would be gained by doing
away with this monopoly. The negotut.ons be-
tween our Minister and the Minister of Fnnce on
this point ceased with the comtret cement ol the
French Revolution. Fr< m the 'ear 1791, Irom
whieb, that revolution may be s-ai I 'o díte, up to
the time when the present dynastv <f Bourbons
were reinstated on the throne, this question was
never agitated, but the very fir t Minister w tp 'as
sent to France after that event w. s m« t te' .o
urge on the French Government the afcrlu"1 a"d
imperious necessity of doing juctice to the t -.bacco
trade. That Minister, (VTr. Rives) m a most
powerful document, dictated to some extent 1 have
no doubt, by our authorities here, urged the matter
strenuously upon the French Minister, at that time I
the Djc de Dalmat a. I will be e read a short ex-
tract fiom a commuwation addressed by the Dae
de Dalmatia to the American Mini.ter in 1839,
probably the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wise)
may reeogm-e an old acquaintance in it. The
gentleman who furnished him (Mr W ) with his
argument extrae'ed r, word foi word, from this vc-
íy communication of Ihe French Minister, and we
have he re the strange anomaly of an argument
maf'e by the French Minister against the interest
of the United S ates being read as an American ar-
gument by an American llepiesentauve on the
floor of this House. 1 am aware that the gentle-
man (rom Virginia, when he lead it, did not know
th° source irom whach hts torre^p nrtent had
drawn it He (Mr. Wise) thought it was plausi-
ble—and it was, to be sure, the strongest argument
which a French Minister could lay his bands upon.
I  suppose, ali>o, it was the stioneot which the cor-
respondent of the gentleman from Virginia could
lay Ms hands upon. It is, ho*er, the translation
ol a littei written by the Due de Dalmatia to Ge
ncnl Ca's 1 will read it. It it dated Pari", Sep-
tember 2fi, 1839, and is as follows:
"You witt also obstive, Gcneial (anditisan important con
saucianon,) that not only aiethetolM eoes ol ttie tinned States
admit ed into om pons without being cubjctud to any duty,
tint that they tie brought there exclupively undei the, flag of
the ÍJnion, which thua rect lves all the advantages in ihe way of
niviííation As lot t.m-clvc- we appeal in the in uketsof the
Union with Pa. pun htsns it an i!l olhei coiinlu- , we p ty
the bim. pints will! U th. y p iv tnd our conipetitinnconm
butts the moit [ ivv i ti kt t| in^ ti| tin. purt in the mnkets is
om v\ant- (ninth m >i thv i) bt i ait til lit dbeloidi uid) in
cuea tveiyyium i en ib t propoitton "
! have (cot tnn-rd Mr T) 'aktn <nm> troubb
to find this document I tlious', t, when Ihe «entle-
uian from Viret na. was sp ak ng, that I .tine'.-
beted the arcument; I thvuipht that I had to reply
II  it before. Wbi si ihe gfn lemán wa- yet speak-
ing, I found it, woi 1 lot worl, and letter for letter,
in the House documtnt before reform! to And
litre let me lematl., that a part of this aigument is
founded upon a fact t'htoh I acknowledge to be
Hue, but wh'ch . i o'll> ti cnilül and (Ifccvii .
it savs 'hat tobáceo li n to'ita miroda cd
into Fianc urbovp pi> n< or v Most wi-e tits
own ' Tne d.>'ov<iy is a!-n rrade that the
King of the Filo, h dt es ,101 tax his own tobacco '
í rtic , tm> be sel s *> a company the pii\ile<«e of
inpor'ingit titeo! duty to'the sum of ten milli ns
ot francs, and he sufTeis them 'o make all the prt fit
they can If, therefore, ih' K ng weie to tax our
tohacc >, he would lay a tariff upon his own pro-
perty, but he sells out to seven moiopo'ists the
nsht of selling, impoiling, and manufacturing 'o
bacco throns'umt his i ntire k ngdom In whAt a
position, then, Mr Ciairnian, [Mr. Banks, of Vir-
ginia, was in th' than jno tern ] doe it place your
cons'itut nts i'nd mint, when 'hey Ian i Ihis product
( f oar lab t in ports abroa 1 Form"rly teiy .¿r
riel O th re them dve , but the v found, when they
amved there, that oulv one ro,>n vsas pe'mi'ted to
puroha c i', and rhey were tompclkd to sell nt to
hun at whatever ¡inc. he cho*e to n'ircnase i>, or
rcship it to serve other port, it thi loss of fie ght
and chaiges The consequence has been, that, foi
the space of t vo or 'hree yi pi pas', nt t on • hogs-
htad ol Amanean tobacco has bien shipped by an
Am rican cu./tn to any ,wrt m Fr.nce, ini' wi
you rail Mr Ro'i "^ an Amern t« oi /", feome-
'i.pp , mr su m.'Hi'i i abolís i i i it • etir pap/ r-,1 e
-ays ho s i ' ba.ct pi n'ei, piol-ab'v be mav ha" 
a farm ,n Vugitua, out it me ¡ or ¿ vi-ry small
p rtion of ¡us niter"-•
But the gentleman Itom Vi'TUii' epis to have
tfU'n a pirticniar ani pa hy against thi- whole
subject mrt'er of tobacco oecaus  he f ats we are
going ft i a protec'ive tariff. On  wnd on that
po,n' I i sh to s*e the iob„cco intrust discon-
nected from alt o'btrs, that it muy «tand pr mtnent
here, that the Hou'e and th- coattry may «ee the
po uion i oecupk^, and the burden-and re titc-
tions tchch it "'dues taxed as jti mor than
s xty tjm-is hi her than a.y • ther p'odaet of our
bbor There may he and probably are thou
s^ndb of tobacco planters who are p'oteHtve tariff
men, but, as tobacco plantéis, w^ have no connec-
tion with that subject, nor do we want a protective
tariff for the protection of American interests at
home from foreign competition.
We   want countervailing duties to  force Eu-
iopean Kings, to do justice to Amanean citizens
And this is the remedy recommended by some of
the wisest statesmen of this country, from Thomas
Jefferson down to our present Secretary of the
Treasti'y—many of whose opinions I could read
to the committee if time would permit Mr Jeffer-
son sajs, emphatically, "When a nation imposes
high duties on our productions, or prohibits them
altogether, it may be proper for us to do the saiie
by theirs" An! in the very document from
wh ch the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise]
read long extract , and prai-ed so highly as the
most sensible communication he had ever seen
from Us auihor, (Mr. Woodbury,) this doctrine of
countervailing duties is acknowledged as legiti-
mate, and recommended. As the gentleman from
Virginia did not read this, part of the report of ihe
Secretary of the Treasury, I will supply his omis-
sion.
[A gentleman near inquired of Mr. T. What
document is that?]
Mr T. It is a report from the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with a
re-olu'ion of the Sena'e, a plan ot p-rmanent
change in the tariff, dated January 19, 1841. On
t ie 5th page Mr. Woodbury «aj s-
"And another discrimination, sometimes useful, might be to
select those articles in ceitain cases foi au increased impost, not
usuallj exceeding the same limitation which may be pioper for
oounteivailing injuiiou-,jmposts placed on out own productions
by any foreign powet "
And, some few sentences fur'her, he sajs:
' Noi can any other countiy complain with justice, if we
conntei ict their high taxation on any ot our products by impos
míT 'Omt? cirictpondm^ import? on thens, and, however un
PMtitibie such contlicts u-ually ptove to all concerned, yet,
vthtnsi.ch t meastue betome- t onvenient loi otu own fiscal
ptupt.t-, ot is lerpintd by prnj ei atlf u-j tet tnd is kept
Vvilhin tine it sluetions- is lo theam >unt of ti t'v it is believed
to be entirely justifiable "
Mr Chairman, if the g ntlem?n ttom Virgi-
nia [Mr Wise] had seen and ¡ea 1 this portion
of tins document, he mn.t ei'her ha"e changed
his opinion as to the cotrectness of a- doc-
tr 'es, ot 'os' fome of his horror of countervailing
dines
Mr Chairman, several g^ntl'-men around me
ask me to d¡ fine the differene  between a ptotecuve
tat fl and countervailing üu íes I will do it sa
tislactonly. A protective t?nff is intended for the
protection of American industry at home from fo-
reign competition. 1< not that a fair definition?
Countervail ng duties are intended for the protec-
tion of American produce abroad from foreign ag-
gression A protective tanff and countervailing
duties are not only not the same thing, but they are
to a great extent diametac&lly oppo-ite things.
The one operates a' home for the protection of
American industry here from foreign competition.
Ev ry Amencan statesman may vote for that or
not, as his judgment may t'ictate. The other, coun-
tervail^., duties, is intended for the protection of
American industry abroad from foregn aggression;
and I h Id that eveiy Ameno, n statesman, let him
come from where he may is bound to come to the
rescue of thi and of (very otbei American inte-
rest, uhen unjustly oppressed by foreign Govern-
ment All Greece, from ber mam land and her
bundled islands, poured her armies upon Troy to
rtvengcthe ¡'.juries ot a single individual. All
Borne was r used 'ike a bon to take revenge for
the deith ol one of bercit yen*, and here i- an ag-
arai'a'edirjuiy inflicted on a "Pillion and a half of
American ci'izens, and we s<and here calmly de-
bvi.ig wh"'her Ot not ws wdl extend prrtecuon to
tbtm It is s shame. I am compelled', Mr Chair
man, to argue this qti"«tion thus zealously, m order
to obtan the attentn n of the Hou«e to i\ What
i-the sppctacle ve now present Look a* your
oH'n State, because that is deeply interested; your
Stat  sends about six out of eighteen thousand
hogshead- of this staple to Great Britain When
} ou land your b bacco 'here, can yoa sell ir? No.
The Ion of Grpat Britain takes a lion's shaie of
'be labor o your hands and *ae sweat of your
blow, and le ^y, You shall give me sixteen
thousand hos-bsads out of eighteen thousand be-
fore I permit you to sell the other two thousand at
all in my dominions. 1 his may appear a start-
ling fact to some gentlemen; but it is as true as
strange. If we carry four thousand hogsheads
from Maryland, the lion of Great Britain lays his
