Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26rH Cong--.-2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Brackenridge.
H. of Reps.
men unfriendly to protection are much mistaken on
this head. They look at the tariff, and see what
they consider high duties on particular articles, aud
suppose the whole of that duty enters into the
pnce paid by the consumers, whiie it form-, no part
of it; because importations of similar foreign arti-
cles have ceased, and could not be revived by a re-
moval of the duties. We are in a very different
situation now from that in which it was declared to
us, as colonies of Great Britain, that we should
not be allowed to manufacture a hob-nail ! We
now enter into successful competition with Britain
in her own West India Islands, when admitted
there, and m foreign markets, especially those of
South America. To Cuba alone we export nearly
five millions, chiefly American manufactures, and
bring home a balance in our favor, in specie, to the
amoum of a million annually. The products of
our manufactures and our farms enabie us to carry
on a profitable commerce with Mexico and South
America, from California to Chiloe, and from La
Plata to Matamoras and Santa Fe. No doubt ma-
ny foreign articles also entei th¡3 trade. But, in
passing, let me ask, what would be the foundation
for the golden humbug without this trade, based on
the manufactures of the Nonh and provisions of
the West, which furnish the means of purchasing
our supply of the the precious ir.etalN? Cotton—
cotton, is the reply. Bat even now cotton does not
suffice to pay for the manufactures we import from
Britain ! And if our manufactures were destroyed,
what wouid become of the golden stream which flows
in from this source, and flows out "gain, to set-
tle our balances with those nations on whom
we are dependent? Our little trade with Cuba
alone procures us double the amount of gold that
we obtain from all our gold mines, from Virginia
to Georgia.
In the revision of the tariff, it will be necessary
to select those articles which need protection, and
they will be found fewer in number than is gene-
rally supposed. The maximum of twenty per cent.
with cash payments, the home valuation, and the
more accurate estimate of the Spanish dollar, will,
in the opinion of many well-informed persons, af-
ford a sufficient protection. We hear the words
high tariff, high tariff, continually repeated on this
floor, while there is no one proposing it; not a sin-
gle memorial from any quarter has been presented
to Congress in favor of sach a measure. The
cash duties will be a protection, not only to our
manufactures, but a protection to the country against
excessive importations, ft will incidentally operate
as a kind of sumptuary law; and it will prevent
the British manufacturers from throwing into this
country accumulated stocks, which they are com-
pelled, from time to time, to sacrifice. We can
derive no benefit, as a nation, from these gambling
irregularities of trade, any more than from dealing
in stocks and bank notes—the harvest of brokers
and exchange dealers, whose interest it is to keep
up this uncertainty and.disorder. The objection to
the protective principle, on constitutional grounds,
is, that duties must be raised for revenue and no-
thing else; that they must be so arranged as to
exclude eiiery incidental effect, whether it be its inci-
dental operation in favor of manufactures, or as a
protection to the nation at large. Wow, I think I
have shown that this is impossible. Every duty on
the same article we manufacture at home is, as far
as it goes, an incidental protection, because it les-
sens by so much the ability of the foreign article to
compete with it. The cash payments—the home
valuation, operate as protection.
I have said that I was not in favor of high pro-
tection; yet, there are two articles which, possibly,
might form exceptions, but this would require ma-
ture reflection—these are, iron and woollens,
which we ought to produce for ourselves, at least
for the great bulk of our consumption. Without
these, and especially the first, our nation can hard-
ly be said to be a nation. So important does Gieat
Britain regard her woollen manufactures, that, in
.order to counteract the duties of other nations
on her woollen fabrics, she reduced the duty on
foreign wool from eight pence to one penny, thus
sacrificing a large amount of revenue, and, of
course, affecting the home production for the sake
nf more important advantages.   Three years ago
the value of woo! produced in the United States
was estimated at §30,000,000; nearly equal to one
half of the cotton crop of the South; the last year it
fell to seventeen millions. And yet no complaints
have been made by those wbo"have thus suffered.
It ¡nay be, in part, owing to the want of protection
that our woolen factories have declined, and it may
become necessary to institute an inquiry; but, in my
opinion, the great cause of injury to every branch
of internal trade is the derangement of the currency
produced by the sad experiments of the late Admi-
nistrations. The day will come when the article
of wool will be regarded as one of the most impor-
tant items of our national wealth; more important
even than that of cotton. A large proportion of
the vast region beyond the Mississippi is well
adapted to the rearing of sheep, and but poorly
adapted to any thing else.
I cannot suppose that the enlightened statesmen
from the South who complain of the injurious ef-
fects of the tariff have no cause whatever for dis-
satisfaction. It is impossible to enact laws which
will not bear unequally on different parts of a coun-
try so extensive as ours. I consider it the duty of
those who possess the power—the majority—to use
their power with prudence and moderation. Trie
principie of the greatest good to the greatest num-
ber should be qualified in such a way as not to op-
press the minority. Although I have too much re-
spect for the statesmen of the South to say that
their complaints against the tariff are entirely
groundless, yet I cannot but think there has been
sreat exaggeration. It is natural it should beso,
lama native of western Pennsylvania, andean
recollect the pitch of extravagance to which the
people were carried in consequence of the oppres-
sions of the excise law. Tnere were no roads
across the mountains, the nayjgaiion 'f the Missis-
sippi was closed, and they were obliged to trans-
port kegs of whiskey on the backs of horses, to pur-
chase a Utile salt and iron, together with other ar-
ticle  of the first necessity. We rose up in blocdy
insurrection, and were called "whiskey boys," and
no doubt were vety bad boys. We had, perhapr,
just cause to complain; the law was, it is true, a
good law for the rest of the State, but partial and
oppressive to us. I might mention the embargo,
which bore so severely on the shipping interests of
the Northern Slates, where it was denounced in
the most violent and intemperate manner. The
unoffending word itself became an object of ven-
geance, was put to the torture, and, being spelt
backwards, was pronounced ograbme; a sort of
revenge quite as rational as that of a cele-
brated despiser of manufactures, who declared
that he never saw a sheep without feeling inclined
to go out of his way to kick it. A member on this
floor, the other day, after speaking with great energy
against the tariff, declared that he never heard the
word but he felt as if the cry of mad dog was
raised near him; and, indeed, it does seem to me
to have a magical effect on some gentlemen, for it
is no sooner mentioned than they leap and dance
as if they had been stung by the tarantula. If I
am not mistaken, that undefined horror associated
with the word, which so generally pervaded in?
South, has very much diminished, and the topic is
now oftener used for the purpose of declamation
and oratory than from any serious alarm. Some
years ago, it was the general bugbear. I was told
of a young lady in Georgia, who was asked con-
cerning the health of her mother. "She is very
ill." "And what is rhe matter?" "I don't know,
unless it is that odious tariff." It seems to me, as
it does to others, who view the subject dispassion-
ately, that the fall in the price of cotten, the
grievance at the bottom of the complaints against
the tariff, is most plainly to be attributed to the
over production, which runs ahead of the demand.
It has fallen in price in all parts of the world, ta-
riff or eo tariff; and but for the home market ori-
ginally created by the tariff, it would be still lower
in Great Britain; for certainly no one will contend
that, if the whole of these States depended on
Great Britain entirely for their cotton fabrics, we
should consume as much cotton as we do now. It
is equally evident that the demand for cotton in
Great Britain would be affected by the falling off
in the demand for hsr manufactures in the United
S'ates. Briiain is, moreover, makii g great efforts
to introduce the culture of the short staple cotton
in her East India possessions; her hostility to our
manufacturing and commercial enterprise, and to
cur institutions, is well known; her power and per-
severance in carrying into effect a favorite policy
are equally well known. It would, therefore, be
wise in the South to foster the home market, which
they can enjoy exclusively, to encourage American
consumption, and American manufactures of their
great staple, which will make the States, in the end,
belter customers to Britain, and Britain a greater
consumer of cotten. To a certain extent, they
should use the natural advantages they possess,
and manufacture for themselves.
I differ eniirely from the statistics of the gentle-
man from Mississippi (Mr. Thompson,) who at-
tempts to show that the whole .of the duties are
paid by the cotton-growing States. His idea is not
original; it is of the same class with the forty-bale
theory. He tells us that Mississippi exports to
the amount of §16 000,000 a year, and consequent.
ly must impon to that amount, and if she were to
retain the revenue derived from that importation
there would be §4,000,000 paid into her treasury.
Now, the duties collected m the whole of the United
States are estimated at about $16,000,000, and,
however ingeniously and correctly gentlemen may
place their figures, it is rather imposing too great a
tax on our credulity to tell us that Mississippi pays
one-fourth of the duties on the importations into
the United Siates. It is no less difficult to believe
that the consumes one-fourth of all those importa-
tions—which must be the case if she consumes to
the amount of sixteen millions. Instead of con-
suming sixteen millions, two millions will come
much neater her proportion, and about half a mil-
lion her part of the revenue. Tnese two millions
are, perhaps, the whole of the crop she can call
her own. The other fourteen millions must be set
down in favor of the other States, North, West,
and South. The Nonh furnishes American manu-
factures, capital, transportation, and foreign arti-
cles at second-hand; the West, provisions; the
Southern Slates not engaged in planting furnish
slaves. Now, deduct the annual expenses from
the gross amount, and then we shall be able le see
the portion which, in point of fact, belongs to Mis-
sissippi. This great staple is, for the greater part,
purchased as a remittance towards paying for the
gpneral consumption of foregn articles. It isa
joint production; the mere labor of the cultivator
of the soil forms bat one item. Suppose, says the
gentleman from Mississippi, she were an island in
the ocean, and produced her sixteen millions worth
of cotton. This would not vary the case. She
must either, in addition to the production of cotton,
supply herself with all those articles she now pro-
cures from the Northern and Western Slates, or she
must be dependent as she is now. It is very possi-
ble she may consume an amount equal to the value
of her cotton crop, and more too, but not of fo-
reign importations. The whole system is no doubt
wrong—Southern gentiemsn are well aware of it.
It is impossible to remedy it entirely, but the evil
might be lessened if it were possible for each
planter to raise less cotton, and apply a part of his
land to the raising of provisions, and employ a
part of his laborers in domestic manufactures.
Having lived many years in the South, I feel a
siucere interest in the prosperity of that portion of
the Unirn, and an affection for many of its citizens.
The opinions which I have expressed on the sub-
ject of the tariff, 1 have long entertained, and have
been confirmed in them by my residence in the
South. I have often disputed the policy of going
altogether for cotton, and nothing but cotton. I
was of r pinion that their agricultural occupations
should be more varied, and that they should en-
deavor to introduce new staples. The article of
silk, for instance/is well adapted to the greater part
of the South. Firginia and the Carolinas may be-
come the Italy of America in respect to this valu-
able production. The silk of Italy may be found
in the marts of England and France, and at the
fairs of Germany, commanding a regular and stea-
dy price, the supply always below the demand; and
this, perhaps, of all the products of human ecofto-
my, approaches nearest in its permanent and in-
