í*eb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
Treasury Not" Bill—Mr. Prentiss.
H. oí Reps.
to work honestly and earnestly to repair the rava-
ges of war, and to place the nat on on a solid
ground of future prosperity. I hate retained
the lessons of national wisdom and policy I then
imbibed. The experience oí the last six years
especially, has not served to change my opi-
nions. What a triumph for Alexander Hamil-
ton, could he have risen from his grave, and have
seen hi  report on manufactures the text-book during
tbe Administration of Ins great political rivat!
What a triumph to see the failure of the attempt
to destroy that Amencan sysiern which bal been
sanctioned by Jefferson, by Lowndes, by Cla  by
Gallatin, by Dallas, by Calnoun, as well as by
other  of opposite politics ' I was what is cilled a
JefFersoman Democrat, a supporter of the embargo
and the war, ¿nd by no means free from prejud ce
against Alexander Hamilton. I have carefully
studied the rival productions of tnose two great
men—the report of Mr Jefferson on corrm rce,
and that of Hamilton en manufacture*, and tbes ,
with tae report of Mr Gallatin on m'einal im-
provements, and that of Mr Dallas on a .National
Bank, are, in my opinion, among the b°stv,oiks
that can be placed in the hands of a youn= Ameri-
can statist I by no means give the praise of su-
pplier foresight and sagacity lo Harainon over
Jefferson. Tne=e two great men regarded the «ame
subject from different point, of view. If Jefferson
had been a New Yorker, he might have written the
report on manufactures, and u Hamilton had been
a Virginnn, he might have produced the report on
commerce. Hamilton regarded manufactares as
the true basis of commerce Trie very ins'rjment
of commerce before his eyes, the ¡¡hip, was itself
the most important of all manufactures—the mas-
ter piece of the art?, and the ne plus ul'ra of sci-
ence. Mi. Jefferon lived ¡n a country depending
entirely on foreign commeice, and v*i h oniy two
great staples to support it—wheat ard tooacco
It was natural for him to suppose that the exports
would command the imports, and wh°re these
would centre there woald be the great mart of
trade. I am informed he at an early pemd entei-
tamed the opinion that Norro)k wcu d be what
New York hi  since become. And if his theory
had been corree', such would h?ve b^n th * result
But it was erroneous, Norfo'k was not, like riew
Orleans, the soie depot of a van interior. Beyond
the local exports aid imports, comrreree on a
large scale requires snips, seamen, accumu'ated
pctive capital, ana these are not likely to be found
in communities who devote their ereigiea to th
cultivation of he soil, and have no ¡nai uiacture^,
fisheries or internal trade,
I have taken much oí the time of ibe Hou e n
discussing the subject vf the duff, my excu e i ,
that it is one of deep interest to my constituents
Tney bel eve that it is m some owing to a wa it of
a proper at justmentof the tariff, for the purpc e of
protection, that their manufactures have declined,
and many of them have been prostrated The de-
tails of ihis protection are by no means settled
Many individual, and I am of tha number, at-
tach more importance to the derangement of the
currency than to the operation of the taiiff, although
I am convinced it requires to be revved Of what
avail is it to ti e nianut?cturer that he has his waie-
hcuse full of manufactured articles, if th 'e who
are anxious to purcnase are unable to procute a
proper currency? Some of our m.mufac urers p?y
annually from a thousand 'o three thousand dollars
in exchanges. They depend on the internal trade,
and that cannot be earned on without a cu.iency
There is a ¡ailing off in every kind of bjsine s, for
the same reason The amount oí snec e 1= art raf-
ted to be insufficient for the wants of a new and
growirg country and an en erpnsmg p-oplc A
mixed currency of specie and sourd paper is indis-
pensable. The State banks cannot furnish a cur-
rency for general crculation. S nc th" Admim -
tration began i<s tinkering with the currency, and
its partisans have been engaged in cry ng dowr
banking institutions, specie has been regulatly ex-
ported, and the paoer currency has been growing
less and less safe. In the general demoralization, it
is highly probably, also, that many abases may
have crept into tbe management of these banks
But it is impossible, where there are so many States
creatirg banks, and tbe character and solvency of
th se banks so various, to furnish any thing like a
uniform currency It would be the same thing if
they were so many different mints, with different
comagp ard alloy The effect on internal trade
and oí every branch of business djrirg this disor-
cered state of the c^rrei cy, is well described in the
masterly work of Mr Prescott, the History of Fer-
dinand and Isabella
Under IJenry IV of Ca tile it 13 computed there we c no
less than, me hundred and fifty mints openly licensed by the
Crown m addition to manv others elected by private authority
The abuse catre to such a height that the [ copie at leng h re
fu ed to rece ve, in pavment of their debts tie debased coin
whise value depreciated moie and more everyday and the
1 ttle trade which remat cd at Ca«til° WAS CARRIED 0\
BY BARTER AS IN THC PltlVIiriVC ACLb   — Prenote
I  vol 22*
The re-nedy for this was making a monopoly of
the coinage in the Crown, just as we made it a mo-
nopoly under our Federal Constitut or In the Swiss
cantons, the same moonrcmence would oe expe-
rienced, w th the r trenty or thir y diffrren hinds
of money, but for Ice arcu'tance of their hating
an ideal money, and rJto using bills of exchange
and p?per of vanojs kinds. It bank no'es wilt
Mill cop mue to be regarded as 1, o~<ey by us, it
must, like the ceinage, 1 e íiist me node a mono* oly
II  order to g ve it un f rai ty and certain, ty of v a-
lje Th.s has LeenUice pceomplisrel 'irc'sfully
withou' an absolute monopoly, by creating in m-
s 1 ution wide- th  auth'n'y of the G nerai Go-
vernment, which has coruro led andregu'ated th"se
established by the States This msn u 1 n has be n
found tne only s?fe and convenient fi=„i' agent
One kind of money for the Govern n eit and an-
other for tbe ordmary transactions of the communi-
ty, you may rely upon it, will n vei answer It
WoS the last despera e resort of tie present Admi-
ra tration, because it had fa led n ts ctLer proj«c s,
and knew rot what e?s  ¡0 do It cut it el Joos„
from the people, and with its empty S-b-Treasury
chest is now movirg m on? d rectio-i, ■nhJe th-
De-mcc acy is movmg in another
When tae late Admints ra'ions were told that
the'r measures woald rum the carreicy, they in
aig-antly repel'ed tbe idea, an! bole'y declared
tha* they Mould p"pse*ve n ma *tate as sound
as t^ey ftuiid it, and even make 1  b 'er V/hen
h was ac ually deranged, th y weto <b  l^t tc
a'mt th  fact, and \ hen, a* length, it  <ts
feit and lamen ed by every ¡nan engagi 1 in brr e=t
a d re,uhr business, they suddenly he aiae trie
ou *e tin cryicg ou  tha the ci ini-y 1 ?s 'jined
But who ruined 1 ' Ihe/ say the mo e) p tier
According to the'", this is som° f u and ng'y fi  ,d,
"hich walks abroad m tre d m t\v 1 ah', 'vith ■ t
s" leiabole, withoa  a-'Pned bao" or ton, tut
Hj y ia wor'u-g mfchi f to t'i  s ns 0* rnon ¡'
is a sot' of mo icy gob in But, ,*>c oiriing to
other5, tf has its s ?t and rer á r"e in Wa'l siree
it is that specul ti-g, beait'ess m°i eypovu, vhich
tat ens upon the erab^r assm^n ■> ?^d d stie-. es of
sober induotr], and on the d*¿lruc ion oí all r°gu-
lar busm &s and sound credit It causes the di
ease, and then rend is itself necesssry to the dts-
essod. It is in the hards of the brokers, the stock
jobbers, and exchange dealers, who haie instigated
the ruinous measures, of the General Govern men
There is the real money power, tbe giea er part fo-
reign, too, rejoi-mg in tbe do /nfall oí our iros-
penty, and glutting them elves in the spoils of a
ruined currency For years has this p >wer bf-en
systematically « ork n~ its way, like s^me foul di 
e?se in tur 1 nmaii consti ut on Twelve years
aso, I travelled m compai  wi h an pgent ot ore
of the V> all «trect e°tab 1 brents fr m Charleston
to Norfolk He inveighed bi teily fgaust tbe
United S'ates Bank, wr> ch suipn«pd me, becaus 
I had heard no one else speak ajam t it Tne rea-
sons which ap,>°ared to mfke ce htm had a difie-
ren* effect on rry mind, Ihe currency w-s not
lamentably hetl'h;, the fi'-n' for rioney hrokeis
was almost closed' And tb«-n the Sou h rn banks
were hostile also, because 'heir issues returne I
mon them e\ ery six months, th1 far South could
not eslab'ish real estite bc>rks instead of specie
Innks, th  West was checked in the '■siablishment
ot new banks 1 Prom that time Í carefully m?rked
every step in the progress of the war on the Na-
tional Bank, and knew its source    A being, whom
I hold n such detestation that I w 11 not name him,
was m my opinion the instrument, the pensioned
instrument, employed to win the ear and kindle
and feed the ire ot that unhappy old man, who,
for our sins, was placed at the head of this Go-
vernment. Under that influence, the legislation of
this once prosperous and growing country was
forced su* of its natural and well defined channel,
and lost among shallows and quicksands. The
safe barriers were broken down, ihe country has
been flooded by unsafe stock institutions, and dis-
order and confus.on now reign supreme. And
what a harvest, what a field for that moseyed pow-
er of brokers and shaver* • And yet we hear both
those who are the victims, and those who are the
accomplices of this power, cry out, The currency
is ruined, the currency is ruined—the money power
has ruined us • Yes, but I repeat the question,
Who are the authors of this rum' The Wall street
brok rs are ihe principal authors of it The nation
must oren its eyes to the truth at last, and turn its
attention to the real authors of this rum—tbe mo-
ney brokers, and the corrupt parly politicians.
DEBATE ON THE TREASURY NOTE BILL.
REMARKS OF MR. PRENTISS,
Or VERMONT,
In Senate, February 12, 1841.
The fol'owirg rebolu ion,  submitted  yesterday
by  ¡yfr   Prentiss,  coming up for consideration,
V17
Resohfd, Tiat the act entitled An act granting half pay
and pensions to certain witows, improved July 7,1838, ought
m t to be construed to dertve anv widow of its benefits mean
seq itnce of her having marred after the decease of the
hu^b-tn t fot who«e services she may claim to be allowed
a pension or annuitv under said act, provided she was a
wi tow at the t tne the same was passed, and that the
Cottinittc on Peobior 3 be instructed to report a bill to that
l feci
Mr PRENTISS sa d tha t he hid been nduced to
pre ent the subject in ihe general and compendious
lorin of a resolution, in order to obtain the sense
of tre senate upon it m a more summary and ex-
peditious vay than he could otherwise do, and to
^ave tbe necessitt, wh cu he was always desirous
to do, ef spec al leg sla. 1 n 111 part cular cases.
There were se eral cases beft re the C tmmittee on
Pensions, depending on the construction of the act
of 13JS, granting pnruttes of pensions to cer-
ta n wtd ws whose marnige took place before the
year 1794, but not eany enoueh to bring their
ca civitt 11 the penacn act of 1816 The cases
0 vhich he refetred, were ca es where tae apph-
c^nw were widows at the t me of the passage of
tbe act and i er« stulso, but had been married a
seeni d 'i ne, and on t i^t account then applications
Vn Uen rejected at ihe Pensi n office. It seemed
that, aceird ng to tbe constitution which had been
giver to tte -ot if the widow of an officer or
sold tr' f the Revo ution(had married a second time
she did net come vith'n the act, and kss notentt-
il d to 1 sbenefi's, although she was a widow at
the time the act was passed Tne subsequent ia-
¡erveninsr marriage, though longstnce dissolved,
rai held to deprive her ot all right under ihe ac
it v?as tbn construction which was complained of
in the petitions before the committee, and to bring
the matter before the Senate fcris consideration
andsreedy action was the specific purpose of the
reso'ution
The !ocf r ne wh ch had ob aiced at the Pension
Offiee, Mr P said, appeared to him to be clearly
enoneou , and v<,ho 1/unsustainable He was at
a'oís to know on wnat reasomrg, or upon what
princip'e 01 rule of interpolation, it had been
ador ted W"s it that by the second marriage the
woman tea ed to te a widow and became a wife,
and thai, tn iht death ci the *ixond husband, she
b%tiue bis % dow, a-id cou'd not be regarded or
treated as the "ido*- of the first and so did not
come within the le'ter of the law' A wile he sop-
pose 1, W9ts a woman who had a husband, and a
widow be took it, was a woman whose husband
was dead Tbe same woman might be a wife
many time", and of coime might b  a widow many
times, but however olten she might marry and
become a widow, sh  lost none of the rights be-
longing to her m ¡ ny instance m that character, or
attached to or growmg out of that relation at any
