284                                           APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong......2nd Sess.
time it may have existed. A second marriage did
not take away her right of dower as widow of the
first husband. Her right in his estate still con-
tinued; and though the control of it might be vested
in the second husband during the maniage, yet,
when that ceased, she had the sole dominion over
it as at first. Her choses in action, her rights of
action, and all her former rights, left unappropri-
ated by the husband, survived to her. The mar-
riage did not extinguish, but operated merely as a
suspension of these and other ughts during its con-
tinuance. In cases aiismg under pauper laws, on
the dissolution of the marriage, the settlement
derived from the husband ceased, and the maiden
settlement revived and returned te the widow. If
she had been married twice, and both husbands
had „died, she was the widow of each oi them,
and might claim as the widow and in the light of
either. It did not follow from this thai, under the
pension laws, she could claim arid have two pen-
sions. The laws did not allow a double pension
to one and th- same peis^n. If she came within
the act of 1836, she could not claim under the act
of 1838; for Ihe latter law provided only for such
cases as were not embraced m thu former. But if
it was otherwise, and she might claim m ihe ngtit
of the first husband under one act, and in the right
of the second husband under the other act, such re-
sult, it' the legitimate effect of the laws themselves,
could not authorize or excuse a construction at
variance wilh ihe express terms and plain mean-
ing of ihe acts. The general rules of law applica-
ble to the subject were therefore clearly against
the construction which had been adopted. But
the question, alter all, depended upon the act it-
self.   And what did the act say?
'Thatif any person who servedinthe war of the Kevotniion
in the manner specified in tho act passed ihe bevciuh day ol
June, 183¿, entitled 'An act buppletncinary to the act lor the
relief of certain surviving ofheeni and soldier of thu Revolu-
tion/have died, leaving a widow, whoso marriage took place
alter the e.vpuation o! ttie la^t penod ol hi* seivice, ami bo-
foi'O thefireutay of Januaiy, 171  1,t;iicti widow shall he umiled
to receive, lor and during Iho term ol five yeaití from the
fourth day of March, ISdO, tho annuity or pension which might
have been allowed to tier husband, in vittile ol said act, il
living al ttie time, it was passed: I'ruvidrd, That, in the event
ol the marriage of such widow, such annuity or pension shall be
discontinued."
Now, what facts, Mi. P. would ask, were ne-
cessary to bring a case within the terms and mean-
ing of the acf? Why, 1. That the officer or
soldier for whose services the annuity was claimed
served in the war of the Revolution in Hie manner
prescribed in ihe act; 2. Thai he died leaving a
widow; and, 3. That the applicant was the person
so left a widow—her maniage having taken p'ace
within the time specified, and she being a widow
at the time of passing the act, and still lemainiiig
so. The e were the estscntial requisites of the act;
and, when they were made out, a clear case was
made out, within the very turns of iht; law.
What (Mr. P. would a*k again) did the act say?
Why "that, if any person who served in the war
of the Revolution, &c. have died, leaving a
widow, whose maniage took place, &c. such
widow," that is the person so left a widow, "shall
be entitled," &c. The expression "such widow"
was descriptive of person, and denoted the woman
who was the wife oí the officer or soldier who had
served as required, and was left by him a widow.
Apply the same phraseology to other subjects, and
how would it be understood? Suppose it should
be enacted, and Mr. P. believed the statutes of
some oí the Slates did so enact in terms, that if
any persen should die intestate, leaving a widow,
such widow should be entitled to dower in her
deceased husband's estate: no one, it would seem,
would be at a loss to know what was meant by
such an enactment, or would allow himself to think
for a moment that the right of dower, alihough it
was a right resting in action only, would be lost
by a second marriage, cr that the woman would
he incapable of asserting her right in the first hus-
band's estate as his widow, because she had mar-
ried again and become the widow of a second
husband. It was further to be observed, that the
widow was to have "the annuity or pennon which
might have been allowed to her husband, if living;"
that is, which might have .been allowed to the per-
son who served m the war of the Revolution, and
died leaving her a widow.   The husband's services
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Monroe.
were the  meritorious cause or consideration of the !
annuity, and it was intended to give to the person
who had been his wife, and become his widow,
the same annuity or pension he would havs been
entitled to if she had not survived him.                    '
Such (Mr. P. said) would appear to be the only
exposition which the act was capable of receiving.
The right to the annuity was given in absolute
terms, to be held and enjoyed for the term of five
years, subject only to the condition "that, in the
event of the marriage of such widow, such annuity
or pension shall be discontinued." The condition
was a condition subsequent, depending on a con-
tingency afterwards to happen. In the event of a
future marriage, the annuity was to be discon-
tinued: in other words, it was not to go to the fu-
ture husband, but to cease. This was the only con-
dition the act contained; and it was a rule oí inter-
pretation that the expression of one condition cr
exception was an exclusion of all other conditions
or exceptions. The maxim, txpressio unius est
exclusio al'erhis, applied to things as well as to
per>-ons. To deprive an applicwt, ther, oí the
annuity, on account oí her having married a second
time, she being a widow at the time the act was
passed, and slill continuing unmarried, was no-
thing short of an arbitrary and unwarrantable in-
troduction, by way of construction of a new con-
dition, or rather exception, into the act.
The act of 1838 was a literal transcript of the
act oí 183G, witn this difference only, that the act
1836 rtquired the marriage to have taken place
belore Hie expiration c f the la'.t penod of the
husband's service, and gave ihe pension to the
widow during the time she should remain unrnir-
lied. In no other particular wha'over, except
these two, was there even trie shghust verbal
variance between the two acts. TU? form ol" ex-
pression throughout both was otherwise exactly
the same; and it was worthy of special notice, that
it having been held by the Executive officers, under
Ihe act of 1836, that an intervening sfcond mar-
riage deprived the widow of the pension given hy
it, Congress, in 1837, passed an explanatory acr, de-
claring Ihal ihe besefitsof'he act of 1836 should
not be withheld from any widow in consequence
of ber having married after the Jeoease of the hat-
band (or whose services ¡ he might claim ¡o be
allowed a pension, provided ?hc was a widow at
the. time the act was pa?sed. It i ouid hardly h.ive
been expected, after this declaratory act, this
lerislative expresssion i,[ the seme and meaning
of the acl of 1836, ¡hat the act of 1838 would le-
ccive a construction which had been repudiated by
Congress in reference 'o an act in language identi-
cally the same.
The question (Mr. P. said) was not whether the
act of 1838 was founded in justice or policy,
whether it was expedient or inexpedient, or
whether it oughi to have been passed, rr not. The
act was the law of the land, and the question
was, whether the law should be administered fairly
and impartially, and be executed in good faith,
according to its plain meaning and intention.
SPEECH OF MR. MONROE,
¡OP NEW YORK.
In Ihe House of Representatives, Feb>uary3, 1841__On
the bill providing for an issue of Treasury notes.
The House being in Comm ttee o{ the Whole on
the state of the Union, [Mr. Casey, of Illinois, in
the chair,] on the bill to authorize an isssue of
Treasury notes; and the question being on the
motion to strike out the enacting clause:
Mr. MONROE rose and said: Mr. Chairman,
I have no disposition to debate this bill. I had
hoped it would have been suffered to pass widi
such discussion as had been given to it by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. But, contrary to my
expectations and my hopes, the debate has taken
a very great latitude. Gentlemen have discussed
the Florida war; they have discussed the tobacco
trade; thev have di.-cussed the policy of General
Harrison's administration in advance, without pre-
tending to know what that poliey will be; in short,
topics of all kinds have been brought to bear upon
the consideration of this bill, many of them having
not the slightest legitimate connection with it.   I
H. of Reps.
am not mvself disposed 'to take up more than
twenty or thirty minutes of the time of the com-
mittee. I find, from the, sta'ements made by the
regular organ of the Administration in thii Hou?e,
the Chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Jones,] that the Government is
without the necessary funds to carry on its opera-
tions; and much «s Í am oppoted to this plan of
issuing Treasury notes, (to which I am in princi-
pic opposed,) yet we seem reduced to the alterna-
tive either of suffering the wheels of Government
to stand still, without the means to pay its honest
debts, or of resorting to this plan of raising imme-
diate funds for ¡ts support.
The Administration party in this House tell us
that you cannot raise money by any other mode
in time to meet the exigency. I deny it. If you
would issue Government bonds, bearing interest
at 5 per cent. 1 have no doubt that they could be
disposed of freely at any moment in the money
markets of the United States. I do not question
teat you could raise twenty millions of dollars, if
yt u ¡it eded it,,, within thirty days. But that would
not answer the object of the Administration party
in this House. They desne no national debt; you
must not give this thing the name of a loan—for
that, they tell jou, would be creating a national
debt; whereas, by issuing Treasury notes, you are
but u.sing the faith of the Government for the pur-
pose of anticipating its resources a short time. I
will not detain the committee with any disquisitions
on that point. I find that the Government is with-
out toe means of paying its just debts. I am de-
sa ous to grant ihose means in some form or others
and I am not inclined to make war upon an Admi-
msiratiün now about tore-ign its power. We have
had enough of mat; tor th¿ last eight or ten years,
aeuurifiauons have been dealt out with an unspar-
ing hand. They may retire, so t'ar as I am con-
cerned, without denunciation. I make none; I
have disapproved their measures; I have opposed
them to the best of my ability; the people have
rendsred a verdict against them, and I, for one,
am willing ihat they should go in peace. I do not
approve the course which has been adopted towards
that parly. I think ihey should have been per-
mittee: to go out of power with all the quietness
and decency possible. I have no wiih to assail
them. 1 know that there are many honest men of
thfct party, in this House and this nation, who
diffel honestly mill me, and who, I believe, would
not remain a single hour in the ranks of that parly
if they did not believe us motives to be pure and
it! intentions honest. If I believed that a majority
ot the two «leat parties now so nearly balanced,
n opposing each other, must necessarily oppose the
institutions and the welfare of > our country, I
would not live in lite land. Pride of opinion, we
know, induces men to go further in their support
of measures and men than their candid judgment
will sanction. Th:y go along, step by step, until
at la.->t it is impossib e for them to proceed with
their ewn approbation, or to retrace their steps
without, incurring reproach and denunciation. I
have no desire to touch the acts of this Adminis-
tration until General Harrison shall take the place
to fehieh the people have called him. If there is
the corruption in the several departments which
we believe to exist, let us wait only a short time
and we shall know its extent; and I believe that
the Whig party will carry out in sincerity and
gcod faith the reforms to which it has pledged it|
self before the whole people.
Gentlemen have thought proper to take up the
lime of the commiitee for several days past in "de-
fining their positions." I wish they had not done so,
because the busine-s of the country might have
gone on more rapidly; but, as the example has
been set, I must consume a few minutes in "de-
fining my position" also. In doing this, I shall
speak for myself alone—I shall not speak for
General Harrison. Of his opinions and intentions
I know no more than any other individual here;
and 1 shall leave his acts and his measure to be
passed upon when they shall be laid before the
country. Of one thing, however, I am satisfied—
that, be those acts or measures what ¡hey may,
General Harrison can do nothing worse than has
alreidy been done by those who are about to resign
