298___________________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                  Feb. 1841.
26th Cong-..2nd Sess.                                        Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Wise.                          ________               H. of Reps.
cieney ! deficiency!" Was there a voice heard
then exclaiming diminish the duties, as plainly as
■we bear many voices new loudly calling for an
increase of the tariff? Did any who are so anxious
now for taxing the "luxuries" of the rich, than pro-
pose to take the burdens off the necessaries of "the
poor? No, sir, no! Not a voice was beard then from
the South demanding the adjustment of the revenue.
to the contingency of an excess. Bat let a tempo-
rary deficiency arise, however temporary and eva-
nescent, and we hear the tariff party immediately
announce it, and call for an adjustment of revenue
to the contingency of a deficiency. This is the
everlasting difference of the North and ihe. South.
The one is ever vigilant and true to its own inte-
rests, the other is ever generously careless, and in-
different and inactive until the evil is actually upon
them! No, sir, there was then no demand for di-
minution. On ths contrary, there was distribution !
And, sir, distribution is one of the main causes of
this deficiency. Gentlemen who wish me to raise
the tariff must first pay back into the Treasury
twenty-eight millions which, since the compromise
act, they have taken out of it, and without consti-
tutional authority, and in the teeth of the compro-
mise act, deposited—ay, deposited with the States;
and will ever remove those deposites?—before I ad-
mit any deficiency as a pretext for raising the ta-
riff, when forty millions of surplus was no pretext
for diminishing the tariff! Suppose these twenty-
eight millions^ were now in the Treasury, I would
admit you a deficiency, the highest insisted on, of
fifteen millions, and then, sir, we would have an
excess still of thirteen millions, I repeat, lor the pre-
text of diminution instead of increase of the tariff at
this very time. JVoio, now, at this moment, there
should be an excess for diminishins?, instead of a
deficiency for increasing the tariff, if there had
never been such a thing as distribution. Yes, sir,
instead of a voice from the South to hail "excess"
for diminution of the tariff, the arch nullifier him-
self was seen side by side with the great champion
of the tariff, coming down from the Senate into this
House aiding the bill of deposite-distribution, in
op«n violation of the compromise act—their own
joint act—and of the Constitution!
Distribution! I must give that, sir, a thorough
discussion ! The first thing I have to say of it is,
that, contemplated in direct connection with this bill
to issue Treasury notes, it makes me doubt the sin-
cerity of gentlemen in pretending to any alarm
about a serious or considerable dtficiency in the
Treasury.
How can gentlemen be sincere in their demands
for increased duties on imports to supply the wants
and pay the debts of the Government, when in their
next breath they proclaim their policy of—
1st. Distribution of the revenue from public
lands.
2d. Enlarged appropriations to harbors and all
internal improvements.
3d. That there can be no reduction of expendi-
tures.
Are these objects of raising ths tariff consistent
with their avowed reason of a deficiency! Or is a
deficiency the pretext, and are these th« real reasons
of a clamor for an increased tariff?
Sir, I desire, is the next place, to relate to this
committee the history of that bill to depoii'e the
surplus of revenue in 183G with the States of the
Union.   I mean the deposite act of July, 1836.
In March, 1833, the compromise act was parsed,
enacting expressly, as we have seen, that no more
revenue should be raised lhaa was necessary to an
economical administration of the Government; and
in case of excess, the duties on imports should be
adjusted to that contingency, or, in other words, be
reduced.
The Government deposites were removed from
the custody and the control of law in October, 1833.
From that time until the passage of this act of July,
1836—for the period of two years and ten months
—the public deposites remained, without au-
thority of law, wholly under the custody and con-
trol of absolute Executive discretion. During all
this interval, at the sessions of 1833-'34, 1834-'35,
and 1835-'36, the Executive exerted all its infiu-
enee, strained every nerve, to pass a deposite act to
sanction in the first place the removal of the depo-
sites, and, in the second place, to confirm in the
Executive an absolute and unlimited discretion to
deposite the Government funds in State banks, as
should seem fit to the Secretary of the Treasury
controlled by the President as his officer.
The journal of 1834-'35 will show that, at that
session, Mr. Polk, who was then chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, brought forward
the Administration project of an act of deposite
with the State banks, which was very like, if not
precisely the same as the bill which passed in July,
1836. The bill, as proposed by him, like the bill
of July, 1836, contained at ail events no provisions
whatever to secure the safety of the public depo-
sites. It left, as the bill of July, 1836, did, every
thing to a broad, unlimited Execative discretion.
The bill was reported in 1835, and regularly refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. In committee Mr. Binney, the able
and distinguished representative of Philadelphia
then, whose seat is now filled by the gentleman to
to my left, [Mr. Sergeant,] proposed sundry salu-
tary amendments, the chief of which was an
amendment requiring the banks to have in their
vaults at least one-fifth of the amount of deposites in
specie. This amendment was offered at the right
time, just when the cry began for gold
and silver and a "hard-money Government;" and,
though the Administration opposed it might and
main, and though they had a majority in the House,
it passed in committee by so decided a vote as to
insure its success in the House. And here, let me
remark, sir, that, if that single amendment had
passed with the law then, and had been strictly ob-
served, we should not have had that terrible explo-
sion and universal suspension by the banks, which
have since followed for the want of it in the act of
July, 1836. Mark that as you go along, to the
blame of the Administration, not the banks, and to
the honor of the truly great statesman who then
proposed and insis'ed successfully m the commit-
tee upon the amendment. Passing in the commit-
tee, why did it not pass in the House? I will tell
you, sir. It actually defeated the bill. The Ad-
ministration was determined to have the bill as it
was, without any such limitation and restriction by
law, or to pass no bill at all. The Opposition was
then wisely determined to guard the deposites by
salutary provisions of the kind, or to defeat it alto-
gether, and leave the whol? responsibility upon the
Executive which had "taken the responsibility"
upon itself. Well, sir—the Administration had
suffered a defeat in the committee. The amend-
ment was too wise, too proper, too "hard money,"
for "hard money" partisans to dare to vote it down,
even under the strictest party drill. What then
was to be done? All the party schemes of bank
speculations, issues, loan-:, discounts, and deposite,
concocted by the pets of a "pet bank" Reuben M.
Whitney concern, were likly to be knocked in the
head by this "specie clause" amendment, as it was
called !    Consternation was in the  whole camp__
but "bargain and compromise" put all right, and
saved ail appearances of victory. Those of the
Administration party who had voted for the amend-
ment, and who could not do otherwise, were told
that, if they would only reconsider the vote on the
amendment, and reverse their votes and defeat it,
the bill should be quietly laid to rest, and their par-
ty allegiance and consciences both should be saved
and troubled no more by a call to vote again either
for the bill or the amendment that session. The
bargain was struck, and the bill was laid aside or
run over rather for that year. The journal, sir,
shows every one of these facts, I repeat, except the
moving consideration and the bargain.
Congress again met ia December, 1835, and the
same contest was again begun and continued over
the "specie clause amendment." Mr. Polk went into
the Speaker's chair, and Mr. Cambreleng became
chairman of Ways and Means. Under his lead
the same war continued, and, just as I thought we
wereaboutto win the victory, lol "a sudden thought"
seemed to strike certain great leaders of the Opposi-
tion. All three of them [Messrs, Clay, Webster,
and Calhoon] seemed to exclaim at ence, like the
Greek philosopher, Eureka! Eureka!—"We have
it!" "Give us the surplus for the States, and you
may do as you please with the deposites of the Fe-
deral Government. You may place them in a hun-
dred and one rotten banks, without 'a specie clause,'
if you please, provided you will deposite the surplw
with the States!" Magnificent scheme ! Tempting
bait! How successful it his been m bankrupting
the Treasury here—in luring on the States and in-
dividuals to every species of improvidence—in
helping to bloat a bad currency—in making bad
debts—in causing "deficiencies"—in making pre-
texts for another high tariff—let the piesent condi-
tion of our people, of our State and Federal Go-
vernments, of our whole country, at home and
abroad, attest! It took—it parsed—its effects are
felt. Thank my stars, Mr. Chairman, that there
was one Opposition man, though but one, and forty-
three of the Administration only, who voted against
that iniquitous bargain. The vote always was read
—"Nays, 43 Democjatsand Wise." That vote I am
prouder of than any I ever gave in my public life.
In a hot night session, during the last days of the
long session of July, 1836, that deposite act passed;
and, sir, as it was going out of that door next to
the post office an enrolled bill in the hands of a mes-
senger, I was upou die floor exclaiming—the au-
thor of Nullification [Mr. Calhoun] and ihe author
of the American System, [Mr. Clat,] Ihe authors
of the compromise act, sitting near, and looking on
—I was exclaiming, "There goes the first blow at
the compromise act—there goes the heaviest blaw
ever yet stricken at the legislative power of Con-
gress over the public monsy—there goes a direct
sanction ot Executive usurpation—there goes a
heavy blow at the land ordinance ef 1787—there
goes a bargain and sale of the public deposites and
of theirsafety.—there goesthedeath warrant of State
rights; and if General Jackson will only veto that
one bill, fraught with more mischief than any or
all oiher acts put together, I will forgive him the
multitude of his sins." And, sir, the next day,
hearing that he was inclined to put his veto upon it,
1 came very near going to him in person to im-
plore the exercise of his constitutional interposi-
tion.
Such is the history of the deposite act of 1836
But for its pas-sage, there would now be an excess
instead of a deficiency of revenue—a permanent ex-
cess, for it is not with an excess as with o defi-
ciency. A deficiency may be temporary, as I have
shown, but an excess is necessarily permanent—that
is, it may be husbanded and kept—it is in the Trea-
sury, and may be continually, as far as its amount
will go, applied to the future wants of the Govern-
ment. And do gentlemen now wish, in the face of
this rightful excess, and the terms of the compro-
mise, to raise the tariff in advance? and are they
now seizing on a temporary, not a permanent defi'
cieno/ in revenue to do so, in order to make a pre-
text tor another distribution? Sir, I believe this to
be their object, and I cannot go with them. I must
separate from them on this question, as heretofore,
and they must pardon my consistency. I ask them
again, what does the compromise establish? I an-
swer, that all duties shall be laid for revenue alone—
that all revenue shall be raised for the purpose of
"an economical administration of the Government,"
and that none, of course, shall be raised either for
protection or for distribution, or for any other pur-
pose under Heaven.
Sir, I put a case to gentlemen. Suppose that an
economical Administration required but $20,000,-
000—suppose that the whole of that sum, enough
for the Government's own purposes, was raised
from customs alone, would gentlemen then contend
that they could lay on another cent of duty for pro-
tection and distribution? Would not another cent
be protection, per se? I presume that no one will
differ from me fh saying, m such a case there could
be no increase of the tariff, and that additional du-
ties would be protective duties perse. Admit that
case, and I will trust to the argument afterwards.
Admit that only, what I presume every man will
admit, and I put you another question following in
order: What h the difference between the case put,
and that where the Government needs but $20,000,-
000, and you have that amount of revenue raised—:
in part, say $15,000,000 from customs, and $5,000,-
000 from lands; and where you give away, distribute
the $5,000,000 of revenue from lands, and raise du-
ties to supply the "deficiency" of $5,000,000 thus
