300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSION GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th Cong-
-2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr.  Wise.
H. of Reps.
nothing m me feudal sysiem, nothing in any thing
else in ail history, like this land ordinance of 1787.
lake the Constitution, it was a new asd untried ex-
perimented yet it is mostearnos to behold how,like
the- Constitution, it has succeeded beyond any sjs-
tem in comparison with it in working i s wonder-
ful effects and in acquiring its tremendous power
«nd patronage—I will not say strengih, for strength
implies durability—either for good or for evil    It
was the work, I ana told, of old Nathan Dane.   It
is now a perfect study, grand ?nd lmmcns* and
wonderful, which its own authors, at the time they
framed it, never could have fully comprehended in
all its scope.   That it has done some good, yea,
much good, immense good, there can be no doubt,
and I do not intend to detract from its design or
from tspast effect.    By its simplicity of detail,
its order and precision, its surveys and sections, and
regularity of sates and pa'ents, clear rg away all
clouds and disputes about title, equauz ng and ta-
cilltating the acquisition  of its title  and advar-
tages, it has s'ttled now milliors of hardy, indus-
trious, laborious, and independent tei re- «nan's, un-
der a free Constitution and laws, on the fairfst
heritage of valleys, and mountains, and  lakes, and
rivers, and prairie , and forests, and mines, wbi^h
the sun and the ram ever fructified—on half a con-
tinent of more luxuriant land thin was ever lorded
over by any prince or potema'e'    This is praise
enough for it and its au hors for the past    Bat I
am looking to the future, and 1 ask whether it is not
time that it was changed with the time-.? Is it likely
to continue to poor out blessing  upon this country?
Has it not bees working some evils wiih  its great
good, which ought now to be arretted, an ' wnich, n
not arrested, will more th«n counterbalance all its
greatest good?   Lookback  to its origin     At  He
time this ordinance was  framed, we were two oi
three millions of  people only, seat'ercd   over  a
wide and wild waste of a virgin continent, roamed
by savage tribes  hostile to  the whi e man     We
were in debt a hundred mi'lions for our Revolu-
tionary conquest     We were agricultural     And it
entered not into the mind of man to cor ce ve that
we were to be any thing else tor centuries to come
than a poor and burdened people, to struggle hard
forages for the means from year to year of sup
porting a precarious, national existence     Tne pro
bability and the rational feai th<_n was, that we were
to be loo tfleaii:    When.lo' we not only left our mo
ther country at a very early ag-3— he age of mlancy
and childhood—but  were found in Empire's  tern
pie contending with the mighty nations   of   th«
earth1   Triers has been something miraculous, al
most divine, m the progress ot this people    From
that time to this we have been rising like a god-hke
giaat in stature and in strength.   Thirteen Colonies
ate twenty-six States—-three millions have become
near twenty millions—and who would have ima-
gined that, by 1836, m less than half «f a century,
we would have paii off all the debits of tuiowars,
and have had more than fotty millions of surplus
revenue to distribute, besides making thirteen pow
erful Republics out of the public lands?   And who
could, in 1787, have foreseen th  m ghty accretion
of power in the  Federal Executive   which  has
grown with the growth and strengthened with the
strength of these wonderful results?   If our fathers,
the framers of this ordinance, had foreseen these
unexpected effects, would they have organized the
land system as they did?   How did  they organize
it?   Sir, they placed the whole power of the system
m the President.   Toe whole patronage of  the
public domain is m the Executive    The Presiden'
appoints and removes at will the surveyor?, the re-
gister , the receiveis, the land and Indian agents of
every description, he treats with the Indians, holds
salaries, and annuities, and purchase money m his
hands, he open roids, builds bridges coun house ,
State-houses, and appoints governors, judges, and
other officers in  Territories, he locates land di -
tncts, opens and appoints the time of land sales, the
surveys, and sales, and entri-s, and patents are m his
hands, bidders, and purchasers, and settlers, and
squatters, and speculators, are m hisgiasp, the banks
and their notes, and spece, and every description rf
currency wnh which lands are to be bought, are
sufeject to his will,   he holds judicial power m the
issue of patents to an immense extent, legislative
power in the control of Territories and new States
and of their Representatives and Senators in Con-
gress; and  the very n<>w States are nursed from
their chrysalis territorial condition into existence
upon Federal pap from the Executive spoon     He
has, by this ordinance, become the "great father"
of Slates'   And all this power and patronage is
wielded over millions of population, and millions
of millions oí acres of lands such as are lying in
the great valley of the Mississippi •   Some of tnese
powers., gentlemen may say, belong to Congress
Congress passes the law, it is true, but the President
execute! it, and dispenses its boun íes    Sum up
this power of the public domain, then—can you
do it?   No.   It is  too infinite,  too multifarious,
too ramified, too extensive, and yet to   minute
in its influences, to be traced or seen all at once.
But it embraces immense money power—immense
official power over officers and agents—immense
individual power over persons natuial and corpo
rate—immense popular power «ver elec'ion —im-
mense territorial power over  the orga i za ion and
aJmission of Territories—iramen elegislative power
over Congress—immense judicial power over per-
sons and property under  patents—immense State
power over the new S'ates coming into the Union,
and as long as there are large quantities of public
lands within them, and over  ihe Senate, which is
intended to be a check on  the Executive.    Í  ask
gentlemen to  reflect  solemnly  upon  three   facts
which I will call their attention to    A member of
Congress from a new Slate once told n e, dum g
the last land mania, that, if he would permit him-
self to take compensation  for labor ana influence
here, b"side^ h s et^ht dolHrs pei diem—a man
whom I believe to  be honest, an 1   «ho  no  more
would have touched    such   extra   compensation
" utn a pair of longs" than I   would—he could
make  from  en to  twenty tnousand dollars every
session or ytjr tie was ¡n Congress    Some lands
weie  sailing at $10 and $20 an acrt,  ttiey were
entered at ¿1 25 per   acre—$800 only for   640
acres o' land,  there would be a dispute about tr<e
patent, about who was entitled to enter the hnd,
an appeal would be taken  from the Register and
Rece.ver of the Land Office to  tne Commi'sioner
her--, and from him  to  the Piesident     In every
such cihf—and there were hundreds from Alaba-
ma and Missis íppi, especially under the Choctaw
and Chickasaw treaties—there would be from five
to   ten  thousand dollars involved on a stake of
eight hundied dollars only, and lhf cl<um?nts would
readily give one half to any agent who would get
them  the patents    Members  of Congress  wcie
sought, of course, as agents, because they had votes
here and in  the Senate.    If they were friends of
the Administration,  they were held by  a golden
chain to their party allegiance, if in the opposition,
they were silenced and  kept still, it not by their
own interests, by the interests and stake of their
constituents,   dependent  upon   Executive   favor
Thus, the Executive wielded  an omnipotent land
influence over the independence of the legislative
department
Again Will gentlemen reflect upon the amount
of jurisdiction over property and person' bo b, the
Pres dent wields m a single yar m the ¿swing of
land patents'} The land receipts in 1836 alone were
from twentj-five to thirty millicis This is a
judicial power Now sum up the whole amount ot
property, and the whole number of persons in-
volved m all the cases of all the Federal and State
courts of the Union, and the jurisdiction over per-
sons and property will not be found so great, I ven-
ture to say, ps tnat of this patent jurisdiction of the
President Twenty-five or thirty miihors adjudi-
cated by him in a single year '
Again Not only has there not been a delegate
from a Territory, since the foundation of tne Go-
vernment, from General Harrison hisnself down
to my friend befoie me from Florida, [Mr Down-
ing,] who was not obliged, m duly iO his people
and in regard to their interest-, t" keep on the light
side of the Executive—who is the fountain of all
honoi and favor to a Terntorv, but, no new State
has com= into >he Union, no matter who was Pre-
sident—whe'her it was an Adams or a Jefferson—
no matter what party wa- m power, the Demo-
cratic or the Federal, the Whig or the Loco Foco—
which has not at first, and as long as tha iand
offices were numerous, and large quantises of land
were in market, invariably sent fioo Senator , not
to check the President, but to defiat th- theory of
the Constiiutnn, making the Sena e a check upon
tne Executive' Losk at the v hole line of your
frontier, from Michigan to Louisiana, un'il lately—
see how they all have voted, and how a majority
now vote m the Senile Th  Senators and Repre-
sentatives from a new State are obliged, no matter
how honest the men are, to be icmii poiiiwians.
They are constrained by the necessity of this sys
tem.   The íau t is in the system
Shall we add, then, to this system, so enormously
overgrown, the distribution teature? Sir, n our
sires, the sages who framed this oldinance and this
Constitution, could now me from the tomb, what
asiomshment and mortification would they not feel
and express at the inroads which the former has
made upon the lattei of these two instruments'
They were men who saw far beyond their own
times, and who, judging, as they had to judge, from
the past, eitablished every po sible guard against
krown or apprehended dangers t*> liberty They
were men, too, who "snuffad tyianny in every
tainted breeze," but here was a danger which they
__arhich no set of men in their day—which no hu-
man foresight cou'd foresee. But seeing it now,
would they not reform it? I can imagine the shade
of Nathan Dane walking m this Hall aghast at the
mighty changes which have been wrought it ap-
proaches rny table, and asks "Where are you
from''" "From "Virginia " ' í have heard before
of V r-*im«  " "Where aie jou from"' addre sed
to rat' fibers from Ohio—to 19 members, each re
presenting 47 500 federal population in a Slate
which now is rnly part ot what was an unknown
wilderness norm e<t cf the Ohio river' "From
Oh o " 'I have neard befor* of th« river Ohio—
most wonderful"' "And j ou ?" 'From Indiana "
"And y ou? and > ou? and you1* and you? and you?"—
addre sing delegations from Illinois, Michigan, Mis-
souri, Arkansas, and Iowa' "Wonderful' Most
wonderful' And how have these great and mighty
Slates been nurtured into being?" "Upon the kind
and parental patronage which you provided for
them in the Federal Government " "What, then,
has become ot State Rights—where are ihey?"
"Gone Yes, gone forever, unless th's patronage
be now arrested." And, sir, I imagine 1 see that
shade departing, wuh & warning finger pointed, and
with the words "Yes' and pablio liberty and the
Federal Republic will be gone too, unless you re-
store the just balance of powers established between
the States and the Geneial Government by your
fathers '" Yes, sir, un'ess you restore that balance,
if that shade should again rise another century
hence, it may be like the ghost of Cicero amidst the
ruins of Rome.
I have read some there, or somebody has told
me, the story of a scene got up by some German
nobleman to satirize the modern Italians He re-
presents a foot traveller as en'ermg Rome at night
just before t"ie breaking of day He tries in vain
to arouse the slumbering inhabitants over whom
drowsiness, and darkness, and stillness, and silence
seem to reign like death where once a city stood
on seven hills, wiih all its life by day and lights by
night He throws himself down to rest by the side-
way of one of the streets in the open air In the
meal time, the ghost of Cicero, after a lapse of
centuries, enters just as the traveller is again rising
to arouse the lazy inhabitants. The traveller takes
from his fob a watch, the ghost starts back and in-
quires "what is that1" "A watch, an instrument
lo measure time " "Wonderful' and who invent-
ed that?" "The Germans ' The traveller then
takes from his pocket an almanac, and the ghost
again asks, "What that i<#" "An annual calen-
dar, and upon hearing an explanation of the art of
printing, it raised up its hands exclaiming, "Won-
derful ' wondeiful' and who invented that?"
"The Germans " Failing to awaken and arouse
the sluggard populace, the traveller draws out
a pistol, and fires it off, to the alarm of the ghost,
which again inquires, "And wha' is that1" "A
fire-arm," %nd upon being informed of the inven-
tion and u->e of gunpowder in the art of war, it ex-
claims, "Wonderful' wonderful' most wonderful'
