Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$07
26th Cong...-2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Rayner.
H. of Reps.
in the Treasury at the end of the year. He says:
• "But the preservation of a suitable balance in the Treasury
may require more than what will probably be left after satisfy-
ing other purposes. The raising of any sum for that object in
1841, could, however, be obviated by authorizing a contract to
be made, under proper restrictions, extending the period of
payment for a portion of the temporary liabilities falling due
in. that year. Yet, in the opinion of the undersigned, the best
mode of providing for this case would be, without either an ex-
tension of this kind, or a loan, or a further issue of Treasury
notes, or a change in the tariff, but merely by lessening the ap-
propriations for the service of 1841 below the estimates, or by
passing such declaratory clauses as to the present tariff; and
such acts as to the public lands, as have heretofore been urged
on the consideration ol Congress."
Now, here is the Secretary of the Treasury, an
officer whose especial duty it is lo submit an esti-
mate ol all the expenditures necessary for the Go-
vernment, proposing, in one sweeping clause, to
lessen the appropriations below the estimate;-, wi'h-
outspecifying any items of expenditure which he
would could down, without considering the abso-
lute wants and sufferings of the country, merely for
the purpose of making a show of economy, now
upon his retirement from office, and of withdrawing
attention from that profligacy and extravagance
that have bankrupted the Government. And this
is the same L«vt Wooábury under whose adminis-
tration of the finances $39,000,000 per annum have
been expended, without a murmur against extrava-
gance escaping him. No, sir, I hope no such illi-
beral, narrow-minded policy is to be pursued here.
As statesmen entrusted with the interests of the
country, it is our bounden duty to see that its honor
and character shall be preserved, and all its main
branches of defence shall be sustained; and if there
is a deficiency in the revenue, growing out of a
long period of misrule, we must resort to other
means—to the credit of the Government; relying
upon he future for the return of prosperity, and a
replen shed Treasury.
The Secretary of the Treasury estimates the ex-
pendit res for the year 1841 as follows, viz:
Civil, "iplomatic,and miscellaneous, $3,450,740 13
Militady .... 7,725,440 94
Navalr .... 5,445,339 21
BeSjd es these, certain permanent ap-
p ropriations under existing laws
will becom.3 chargeable on   the
Treasury during the next year, in
sums as follows:
For ordinary purposes.
Military      ....     864,000 00
For other purposes.
Public debt, including interest and
first instalnunt for the District of
Columbia            .           .           .      149,200 00
Redeeming Treasury notes .           .   4,500,000 00
Amounting, in all, to         .           . $22,134,720 28
The receipts for the  same year be estimates as
follows:
From customs           .           .            . $19,000,000
From lands    ....      3,500,000
From miscellaneous   .           .           ,           80,000
Expected   balance   in   the Treasury-
available on 1>i January, 1841       .      1,580 855
Available from banks            .           .         220,000
Treasury notes yet issuable under the
act of 31st March, 1840    .           .         342,618
Amounting, ia all, to
$24,723,473
Thus leaving a balance on Is! of Ja-
nuary, 1842, of .           .           . $824,000
These estimates of the Secretary have been
proven to be entirely illusory and deceptive. The
tables in his report have all been got up, worked
out, and arranged to meet a conclusion to which
he had resolved to arrive—'hat the expenditures for
the present year should fall within the receipts.
Heads of bureaus have declared to gentlemen on
this floor that, in making their reports, they were re-
quired to cut down their estimates of the appropria-
tions for the public service,so as to make them square
with the predetermined estimates of the Secretary
of the Treasury. It is enough to make one blush
for the degredation of his country, when he sees the
minister of finance so far forgetful of the duties of
his station, and the great interests of the nation, as
to frame his report, not to suit the wants and exi-
gencies of the country, but to save his party from
the charge of extravagance, and himself from that
of mismanagem-mt.
I shall not attempt a detailed examination of the
various items of income and expenditure for the
present year, submitted in the Secretary's report;
for their fallacy and duplicity have been fully and
ably exposed. The gentlemen from New York,
Maine, and Tennessee, (Messrs. Barnabd, Evans,
and Bell,) have plac-d this matter m so clear a
point of view, tlm no one can m'sunderstand it who
is not wilfully ignorant. And the feeble attempts
that have been made to refute their calculations
have tended to make the conviction still stronger,
that they are founded on data which cannot be con-
troverted.
As before stated, the Secretary estimates the re-
caipts for the present year at $24,380,855, includ-
ing the Treasury notes issuable under the act of
March 31, 1840. Of this he estimates $19,000,000
from customs. Now, sir, is it reasonable to sup-
pose that this amount will be received from cus-
toms during the present year? As to the Secreta-
ry's opinion, what is that worth? In his annual
report of December, 1839, he estimated the re-
ceipts from customs for 1840 at $15,000,000, and
they fell short $2,000,000; and I leant that is nearer
than he ever arrived a; the truth in auy financial
calculation. Is it reasonable to suppose that the
income from customs for 1841 will be six millions
more than 1840? Why should it be? Gentlemen
say last year was one of great pressure, butNthat
trade it now reviving, and that the importation? dur-
ing the present year are likely to be heavy. It is
true that, since the election of Gen. Harrison, con-
fidence has revived, and business begins to pros-
per, but yet, in the efforts of the banks to resume
specie payments, whirh is one of the fruits of a
restoration of confidence, the pressure in the mo-
ney market must for a time continue. It is only
gradually tha' business, when once depressed, can
rgain i's former prosperous eondi'ion. And if the
Sup-Treasury is executed acceding to the express
provisions of the law, as General Harrison is
bound to see that it shall be, and one half of he
public dues af'er July arp collected in actual spe-
cie, it will create an additional demand for specie
at the very time when the banks will be endeavor-
ing to strengthen thermelves, and when they will be
least able to spare it. And my word for it, if the
Sub-Treasury is executed according to the letter of
the law, you will have another revulsion, the banks
will agun suspend, business will be prostr.ved,
confidence destroyed, and the scenes of 1837 be
enacted over as;ain. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Thompson] spoke oí the large importa-
tions now on their way here scross the Atlantic,
the duties on which were to fill the Treasury. Why,
I suppose that is alwty? the case about this season
of the year. The importing merchants have or-
dered out their spring supplies, and although your
ports may be crowded for a short time, about the
latter patt of the winter or beginning of spring,
yet, during the summer months, you may scarcely
hear of an iinpoitption. B'tt I think it may be
safely set ("own that ihe Impopations next fail will
he veiy Urn; for i  must be recollected thaf, ac-
cording to the trrras of the compromise act, the
duties on ail art:c:rs are to come down on the 1st
January next, in the proportion of one-half of
their excess over twenty per cent. Then, ia ¡t not
reasonable to suppose that the merchants wiil with-
hold thtnr importations ¡vil after the 1st January,
except in such sma'l quantities as will meat a ready
sile? Mo't assuredly they will. Otherwise, their
stock remaining on hand could be undersold by
those importing after the first of the year. Owing
to these circumstances, I do not believe that the
income from customs for 1841 is likely to exce ;'d
that of 1840. Bat, putting it at a medium between
$19,000,000, as estimated by the Secretary, and
$13,000 000, the amount received in 1840, and we
have $16,000 0000, which is a liberal, and, as I be-
lieve, an over estimate.
"Next is the estimate of receipts from public lands,
which the Secretary puts down at $3,500,000. Tnis
I am wiling to allow, although I understand the
Commissioner of the General Land Office has given
it as his opinion that it will not exceed $2,500,000.
Add to this "miscellaneous," "expected balance
available on the 1st January next," the sum "due
frem banks which is likely to be made available,"
and "addilit nal means arising from Treasury notes
authorized to be issued under the act of March 31,
1840," and you have the whole means for the sup-
port of Government for the year 1841, amounting
to $21,723,473.
Let us now look at the probable expenditures—
not with reference to the very smallest amount with
which the Government can possibly get on, but
with reference to the actual wants and neeessities,
the honor and character, of the country. I see
from House Document No. 265 of the last session,
the appropriations for the "civil, miscellaneous,
and foreign intercourse for the year 1840" amount-
ed to $4,512,545 05; whereas, in the estimates for
the year 1841, it is put down at $3,450,740 13.
Why is this? The member from S >uth Carolina
[Mr. Rhett] insisted that $300,000 would be saved
in consequence of the shor ness of this session
compared with the last. But then gentlemen
on the other side insist that we intend to have
an extra session. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Thompson] said he could ?«* we
were determined on this. If we do have an
extra session, it will be a charge on the
Government. And if gentlemen know this,
why not provide the means of meeting it? I cer-
tainly know nothing of the purposes of General
Harrison, or of those whose counsel he will seek;
I have, however, but little doubt an extra session
will be inevitable. General Harrison will find the
Treasury empty, with pressing demands against it
daily, and nothing to discharge them with. In that
case, he will be compelled to convene Congress ia
order to obtain the means of carrying on the Go-
vernment. In addition lo ibis, the country re-
quires reform at our hands—a speedy and tho-
rough reform. Millions of freemen a^e calling
for the repeal of the odious sub-Treasury. A
prostrate commerce and ru;ned currency require
the remedial hand of the Government. I speak
only my own opinion. I believe an extra session
indispensable. And, if it takes place, the expense
attending it will be more than the difference be-
tween that of the present session and the last. I
discover the Secretary has sent in no estimates for
the outfits of Ministers abroad, and the infits of
those who are already there. Doej he suppose Ge-
neral Harrison will not change the diplomatic
corp-? Does he suppose the honor and interests of
the country will any longer be entrusted to those
who now represent the nation at foreign Courts?
Or is this a part of his system of retrenchment,
that it will be better not to recall Ministers, be-
cause the appointment of new ones will be attend-
ed with expense? These extra charges, falling
upon the civil list of the present year, will be fully
equal to auy of the last year, not incident to this.
I have therefore sufficient data for assuming that
the "civil, miscellaneous, and foreign intercourse"
fr the present year will amount to at least
$4,500,000.
Next come the estimates for the military service.
And th^se the Secretary puts down at $7,725,440 94.
No'", the ge.ntleman from Maine [Mr. Evaks] has
so effectually exposed the imposition attempted in
this estimate, that I am sure there is net one who
heard him that is not fully satisfied on the subject.
I see, from the sstme document to which I have be-
fore referred (No. 265) that the appropriations for
this branch of the service, at the last session,
amounted to $8,343,900 83. And so far from the
expenses necessary for the same being less this
year than they were the last, they must necessarily
be more. Not one word is said about the Florida
war. House document No. 70, of the present ses-
s on, is a letter from the Secretary of War, con-
tamina an estimate ot the appropriations necessa-
ry forthe Florida war during the year, of which,
it seems, $250,690 10 is due for service already
performed, as follow.-:
For arrearages to militia called into
service by the Governor of Florida   $221,244 02
For pay of a battalion  of Georgia
volunteers for 3 months' service in
1840        -                                           29,446 08
$850,690 1Q
