APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAT, GLOBE.
Feb.  1841.
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
It seems that there are already, in addition to the
regular army in Florida, two thousand militia,
1,200 of them mounted men, and proposed to be
incieased to 1,500; and, as stated by the Paymas-
ter General, "the President, having subsequently
sanctioned this service, places their claims on a
footing with those of the militia regularly called
into the serviee of the United States." According
to the estimates submitted in the same document by
the Paymaster General, the Commissary General
of Subsistence, the Surgeon General, and the Ord-
nance Department, the expenses of paying and
subsisting this force for the year 1841, m addition
to the arrearages already due, will amount to
$2,385,329 75*, the whole of which will fall on
the year 1841. And, what is remarkable, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
had this letter in his possession since the 17th De-
cember, without suffering it to be broDght to public
view here.
[Mr. Jones. I beg leave to correct the gentle-
man from North Carolina. The letter was in pos-
session of the committee, subject to the inspection
of all its members. There was no attempt on my
part to conceal it]
Mr. R. Bat, sir, I insist it was your duty to
have brought it before the notice of the House. In
the speech which you made at the commencement
of this debate, in which you attempted to sustain
the views or the Secretary of the Treasury, in sub-
mitting your estimates ot receipts and expenditures
for the year 184J, you did not include this item or
expense for the Florida war. Mr. Chairman, (ad-
dressing the Chair,) I repeat, it was the duly of the
honorablechairman of ihe Committee of Ways
and Means in his character a-a Chancellor of the
Exchequer, with this knowledge in his possession
to have submitted estimates of the Florida war,
when he unfolded his budget for 1841, in the
speech with which he opened this debate. But he
is in a letter laid on our desks, from the Secretary
of War to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, dated December 17, 1840. Here,
then, is an additional charge falling upen the year
1841 of $2,385,329, not even alluded to by the Se-
cretary of the Treasury, which added to the esti-
mates submitted by him, amounts to the sum of
$10,110,770 69; and which, added to the appropria-
tions of last year for the same service, amou its to
#10 739,230 58.
But, says the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Rhett,] the Florida war will probably soon
be terminated. Probably soon be terminated ! This
is the language we have heard for years. It has
long been the theme of Executive reports and of
the despatches of comminders-m-ehief. Let a few
miserable squaws be taken, or starving old men sni-
render themselves, and it is immediately heralded
throughout the land that the power of the Indians
has been destroyed; that they are coming in; and
that the war will soon be at an end. And the next
account we hear is, that the blood has been /lowing
in torrents, and houses have been wrapt in flames.
For every brave destroyed, two seem to spring up
m his place. We have, within the last day or
two, heard of the capture of sixty or seventy li-
diaos; but how often has this been the case hereto-
fore? It is impossible to estimate the number of
Indians in Florida. Years ago, it was said there
were only a few hundrrd; and although we have
been destroying them all the while, yet the work
of murder and ravage has continued. As soon as
the army relaxes its operations, they became em-
boldened, leave their inaccessible haunts, and com-
mence anew their csurse of pillage and death.
You may suppose there is not an Indian in Flori-
da, you may suddenly withdraw your army, and
the first thing you hear may be, that the Indians
have reappeared in all their power. Sir, the Flr-
rida war is not at an end, nor is it soon likely to
be. Sam Jones and Tiger-tail yet lead iheir mer-
ciless bands through the everglades of that ill-fated
region; to-day doing "the deed of death," and to-
morrow concealed in the impene'rable swamps.
The bloody Mickasukies yet rove through the. fo-
rests of Florida, leaving death and desolation in
their traok. To legislate with a view to the early
disbandonment of ihe army in Florida, is to leave
your own countrymen exposed to the horrors of sa-
Treasuy Note Bill—Mr. Royner.
yages warfare. To do this through a false eeono"
my, is to sell the blood of your citizens for money.
It is to surrender a portion of your territory to the
savage, and to confess, in the face of the world,
that a predatory band of Seminóles has successful-
ly resisted all theboasted power of the Government.
To stop the war at this stage, is to compromise the
honor of the country. You must, you are compell-
ed to prosecute it 'to a successful issue. I there-
fore take it for granted that, in estimating the ap-
propriations for the military service, you must in-
clude the $2 385,329 proposed in the letter fiom
the Secretary of War.
It seems that the Secretary of the Treasury, in
estimating the reductions for the present year, cuts
down the expenses of the Indian Department
$ 174,000 below the appropriations of last year. I
know not whether this is on account of there being
funds in the hands of agents yet unpaid, on ac-
count of outstanding appropriation*, or whether it
is in pursuance of that system of gradual retrench-
ment recommended in his report; for it will be seen,
by reading the reoort of the Secretary, that he un-
dertakes to read Congress a lecture on economy,
after having exhausted the Treasury by his extra-
vagance and mismanagement; and, in pointing out
the causes of, and grounds for, future retrench-
ment, he says that "(ewer Indians remain to be re-
moved." Certainly there are fewer ¡o be removed.
But are there fewer that ought lobe removed this
year than uiere removed the las 1 Judging from the
rapid settlement of the Western States, and the con-
sequent pressure asound the Indians remaining, I
should suppose there were more. I appeal to gen-
tlemen from* the Western States—fiom Indiana,
Il'inois, Michigan, Missouri—and I ask them if
they a'e no! anxious to have the Indian title to the
lands in their Slates extinguished, and to have
those Indians removed to the West? Are they not
every day becomin? more inconvenient to the
whites, and ihe white's, to them? And yet the Se-
cretary seems to think this s-! stem of Indian rela-
tions will soon be ,',t an end; and the expense at-
tending it will be lessened every year. This is a
most absurd idea. The Indian relations of this
country will constitute a permanent, s'auding
charge upon this G-vetmnent for one hundred
years to come; and as the population of the country
increases, and its frontier is extended, the more
complicated and expensive will our Indian relations
become. This mi«i be the case, till the vast re-
gion from the Mississippi to the Pacific is settled
by the white man, and not an Indian is left re-
maining.
The Secretary of the Treasury further rays, in
pursuance of his pretended anxiety for retrench-
ment, that the pensions are diminished by death".
Not so very much, sir. Some of the old Revolu-
tionary pensioners die off, tobe Hue, and I am .>or-
ry for it. I wish they could live fmever. They
serve as a connecting link between the past and the
present. They would scive to remind us -of our
depaiture from the pure and virtuous principles uf
the Revolution. And these old men hold on to life
well. The same rhysical visor which enabled
them to perform such deeds of daring in th" Reve-
lation, jet preserves io them health and strong h.
Tr.e gentlenvui liom Maine [Mr. Evans] demon-
seated that, if they had died oft last year at the rate
of ten per cent, it would not reduce the pension ap-
propriation more than $200,000, whereas the truth
is, they did not die in near so large n proportion.
Eur, sir, it must he recollected ihat whilst the pen-
sion list is annually lessened by death, it is still an-
nually itv-'ie-ising from additions to the list. Lo-.k
at the annual report! of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions-, and you will see that this is the case. Lo>k
at the quantity of bills on yout table for placing ad-
ditional names en the pension roll, manv and most
of which will probably pass as soon as time can he
obtained to p&js upon them. Owing to these facts,
I have no doubt but that for the next five years, ihe
additions, with the arrearage pay in such cases, will
be equal to the diminution from deaths.
Assuming, then, that the military service will cost
as much th.s year as it did last, which was $8,343,-
900 83, and adding the §2,385,329, stated to be ne-
cessary by the Secretary of War for the Florida
service, and you have an aggregate of $10,729,230 I
H. of Repg.
for the military service, which will be found indis-
pensably necess-iry.
Next come the estímales for thp Navy, which
the Secretary puts down at $5,445 399 21. Al-
though I believe ¡his to be msch too small, yet, for
the present, I will assume it as a sufficient sum.
There is one item, however, of $150,000, for the pay
of navy pensioners, which must be added, for which
a bill has already passed this House, and for which
theS cretary hassent in noeaimate, but which will
be a charge on the year 1841. Bat, says the gen 
fieman from South Caro'ina, we do not know that
the Senate will pass the bill. Perhaps it may not;
for until that body is purged, which it is soon like-
ly to be, I beheve it capable of any injustice. But
that is not the question. Th? question is, is it
right to pass it? Shall we legislate here under a
supposition that one of the branches of the Legisla-
ture will not do its duty? You might as well strike
out of your estimates any other appiopnation !or
the public service (the army for example) because
we are not certain the Senate will pass it. You
are in duty bound to pay these navy penjioners.
You have squandered a fund which was properly
theirs, and you are bound by every consideration
of honor to pay them what is strictly theirs, and by
every piinciple of gratitude to reward than for
their services. This $150,000, added to the Secre-
tary's estimates, will make the naval service for
the year amount to §5,595,399.
According to ihe data I have assumed, and I have
placed them at the lowesi probable amount, the
items of expenditure for the present year will appear
as follows, viz:
Civil, miscellaneous, and foreign in-
tercourse              .           .            .      §4,500,000
Military serviee, including the Flori-
da war                 .           .            .      10,729,230
Navy pensions         .            .            .           150,000
Nav.il service          .           .            .        5,595,399
Appropriations made for the service
of the jear 1841 by former acts of
Congr-ss             .           .           .       1,013,200
Balances of appropriations made in
1840 md previously, standing over
on   the   1st January,   1841,  and
which will bi a charge on the Trea-
sury in  1841, after deducting so
much as  may remain  not called
for, and standing over at the close
of 1841     .           •    ..    •.         •     2,000,000
Relief of the corporate c;tics in  the
District of Columbia, per act of Ihe
26 h May,  1836,  §139,200, and
public debt payable at the Treasu-
ry, per act 31 March, 1817, $10,-
000           ...                      140,200
Required to  finii-h public buildings,
according to  the estimate0 oí the
architect               .                                      '11,000
Treasury notes and inter.-st,  allow-
ing for §500,000, which  may  not
come in during the year                .        4,350,000
Amounting in the who'e to           .    $28,887,029
which is the amount necessarily chargeable upon
the year 1841.
II<re, then, wi'h a probable ir:come of §21,723,-
473, we must meo* an almost inevitable expendi-
ture of $28,887,029. Sir, how can you doit, with-
out borrowing money? You will be compelled to
borrow; and, whether you do it by Treasury notes,
or loan, huw are jou to repay it, unless you raise
the duiie« on import*, or resort to dirtct taxuion?
And how are you to sustain the heavy expendi-
tures of coming years, unless you regulate your ta-
riff to meet the demands upon the Treasury? But,
exclaims the gentleman fr.-m Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson ] the cry of ihe Wings has been reform,
and by reform he understands a retrenchment in
the expenditures. I can also inform the gentle-
man th.'it it means hor.v.-ty in the expenditures. It
is not so much the amount expended, of which we
have comp amed, as the manner m which it his
been expended: pa's ípg §450 a ch'.y for steamboats,
§20 a cora f< r wood, purchasing splendid furniture
and silver spoons for mud boats, paying high sala-
ries to crowds of loungers attached to your custom-
houses, giving high and expensive jobs and con-
