310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th Cong-"-2ni> Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Wise.
H. of Reps.
ents, providt d he can be allowed to settle the mat-
ter in his own way. Hs S3ys, takp off the duties
altogether from necessaries, and impose them on
luxuries, that for every cent taken off from sugar
be wiU vote to put two on wines, for every cent off
from salt, he will impose two on sillr, &e Then,
in order to raise revenue sufficient lot the Govern-
ment, you must go higher than 20 per cent., and in
proportion, according to the gentleman's reasoning,
you sacrifice the interests of Mississippi.
It is very evident, from the indications here, as
well as from the movements out of docs, that the e
are two classes of opponents to this measure, ope-
rated upon by different views The first class con-
sists of those who have been trying to mix up the
tariff question with the conn cu of party, who have
dec'ared, in anticipation, that the policy of the
coming Admmislrauon would be a r-sort to a high
tariff, and who, no aoub', hope to effect a count r
revolution in the Sjuth by getting up an excite-
ment on this subject. They are astonished that the
Nonhern Whigs should ask for nothing more than
an equalization of duties, and now discowr that
one of their hobbies i¡> about to tumble down be-
neath them They no doubt hope that, by a little
postponement, the ultra tariff men of the Nrrth
may be emboldened to ask for higher protective
duti s, and that thus the ends of party may be an-
swered To gentleman actuated by this motive I
would say, the day of humbugs has passed Reason
and iruth have regained their dominion. The same
spirit of conciliation that car/ied us so successfully
through the late contest, will sull continue to gu^e
and direct our course.
The other c'ass of opponents to this proposition
consists of the jkra enemies of the tariff system,
who are unco npromisingly eppced to it in every
shape and form, and who art conscientiously op-
posed to it or principle. They look forward to the
time when the duties on the protected articles are
to come off ent'rely, and the whole revenues of the
Government aie to be collected on tue unprotected
articles, and they no doubt suppose that an imposi-
tion of duty on luxuries now will be presenting an
obstacle to the consummation of their favorite de-
signs hereafter. If 1 understood the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr Wise,] he expressed the opi-
nion that the whole of the dunes for the support of
Government should be collected from articles of
luxuty, and lhat articles of necessity should come
in free. Sir, this is ent rely a Utopian scheme It
is consistent wuh nenher possibility nor justice I
would appeal to Southern gentlemen who are ac
tuated by this object, and ask them if it is reason-
able to suppose that we, who have for years been
unable, by remoastrance, and even resistance, to
obtain a modification of this auestion to suit us—
that we, I say, shall be able to dictate terms to the
North? We are the weaker portion, so far as the
mere exeictse of power is concerned, we are at the
mercy of the balance of the Union As a Southern
man, I approve of the proposition, because Í con-
reive it to be our interest to do so It not only
gives us all we ought to as.k, it n t only puts both
section ! on an equably, but it gives us as much as
we may ever expect by possibility to obtain. I go
for the dunes on luxuries as an opponent of the
protective system.
It is true, the duties on the protected arliel s, al-
though no higher than on the unproiected, will be
nefit our Northern bre bren engaged m manufac-
tures more than it will the South. We pursue
agriculture because it is more congenial to our
tastes and conducive to our interests, whilst the
people of the North, for the same reasons, pursue
manufacturing. And shall we grudge to them the
small benefit they derive from the duties on those
foreign anieles that come m competition with
theirs, when we are not injured by vl It is imitat-
ing the dog m the manger, to deprive them oí a
benefit without profiting ourselves. Besides, even
if we had the power, which we have not, would it
be justice to make a discrimination which would
curtail their profits whiM it would not increase
curs'? The very ground on which we so much
complained of them in the high tariffs of 1824 and
1828 was, that ihey were oppressing Southern in-
terests for the benefit of Northern manufacture..
And it would be worse, if we had it in our power,
to oppress Northern manufactures without benefi -
ing Southern interests.                                    t
The gentlemen from Mississippi and South Ca-
rolina both took the ground that a duty on French
silks and wines would disturb our commercial re-
lations with France, and that, as Southern cotton
was exchanged for those articles, it would to that
extent operate as a drawback on Southern inte-
rests Now, even if this were so, w hich I am sure
it is no', do genilemen see where this argument
would lead them1 Sir, it is protection, the very
protection winch we have so long complained of.
The argum nt of the Northern manufactuie's has
been this we have large amounts mves'ed in ma-
nufactures, if vou equalize the duties, if you re-
duce them on the protec ed articles as low as h y
should be on the unprotected, you bring fo'tian
manufactuies in competition with ocr , and thus
destroy our profits. They have insisted tba',
whilst the Government was exercising the constitu-
tional power oí laying a duty for revenue, it should
do so witn leference to the protection of iheir mte
rest-, And now  e hear the «ame argument used
on thib floor by members from the South What
is the tenor of the argument used here1 It is tins
we have Urge capital mvcstrd in growing cotto",
it ycu equalize the duties, if you raise them on the
unpro ected arteles as high as they are c n the pro
tected, you disturb our commerc ¡tl jelations wuh
those countries for whose prodnuior s our cotton is
exchargsd, and 'hus destroy our pri fits This is a
principle we must not recognise We are the
weaker portion, and, if we use the aigument now,
it may hereafter be turned against us to our injury
and (¡es'ruruon
But, sir, I deny the po ltion tbit a duty on ^iltr =
and wmes will di turb our rela'ions «i h Fiance.
I den} lhat it will operate mjnnon 1/ to ine South
Why shoul 1 gentlemen harp so m ¡c upon France.
It is not intended to make a discnmn atton bttween
France and other coumnes N t one-h.\lt the
silks and wmes imputed int> this country come
from France, and we piopose to sUbj ct tbera all
to the same res'nction Gentlemen have rea oned
on the ground that the imposition of 20 per cent
upon silks and wmes will either bring about pro-
hibitory duties on Amei.can cotton m Frano , or
such high coun'ervaiung duties as will raise th°
price of cotton so high in that country that fhs peo-
ple will not b" able to use cotton labnes asan
article of ckthing, and lhat thus a market for
eighteen millions oi dollar  worm cf co ton annu-
ally would be tut off This was Ihe argument of
the member from Sonih Carolina, [Mr Ruftt ]
Kthis argurrent a so tnd one1 t leain tl.a> the
duty on American cotton in France, at ihe prt ent
nme, is nearly av high as we propose to raise it
here on their silks and win s * Beside, they are
compelled to take our cotton they cannot get it
elsewhere, and the employment tj labor, wh ch is
afforded bv the manufacture of cotton fabrics in
France, is to immense to be attempted to be pe
stroyed bv prohibitory duties. And suppose the
French Govirnment should lay an a'dnional duiy
of 20 pir c«ni up n American cotton, as gen*e-
men teem to dreal—nhit oí that? Itmght si ghtiy
enhance the ppce ot the article to the French mi-
porter and n.anufactorer, but then, a very great
portion of the cotton imputed 'nto Frarce i% a¡¡ I
learn, manure u^d info laces pnd other fabr Cs rf
the most co&tly nid'enals, where the co t of i'i 
raw material forms but a vcrv sJiill item m the
value of the fabnes when rea ¡y for rcwk't An
additional coct of 20 p°r c°nt. upon the price of
the raw matenal could scarcely be seen in the price
of the manufactured article So lhat Frarce can-
not prohioit our cotton wiihout cutting off one of
the mam sources of employment for her labor, and
thro^irg locv upon the coun'ry thf jsands of lii-
d gent and discontented artmn , r..ady to pull
down her Government and institutions I! soe
raises the duly on otir cotton in an equal ratio
with our impost upon her bilks and w nes, it
will only inciease the cost to the manufacturer
there, which will hardly be felt by the consumer
But the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.  Thomp-
"The duty on Amencm cotton id Frame is 20 francs per 100
kilogrammes—which 11 S3 75 per200 lbs At an ayerage of 12
cents per pound, this would be a duty of about 17 per cent
son] seems to think that a countervailing duty in
France of 20 p"r cent upon our cotton would have
the effect ot bringing down the price of the article
in the same proportion. He made a calcelation of
the amount of exportation f*om Mississippi and
the consequent loss that would befall her. He
says, if her twenty millions of dollars of exports
are subject to a duty of 20 per cent the price of
them in those countries where they are sent must,
m a similar ratio, come down, and that thus Mis-
sissippi would receive 20 per cent less m return
tnan ihe otherwise would. If trr gentleman res-
sons upon the theory of separating Mississippi
from the rest of the world, as it will be recollected
he did in stating his argument, he must, to be con-
sistent, go still further, and suppose that she trades
with some ceuntry exclusively, that is also sepa-
rated from the rea of the woild. If Mississippi
Iraded with France alone, and France purchased
cotton from no other country than Mississippi, then
a duty of 20 per cent upon the cotton of the latter
might, to some extent, bring down its price. But
the gent email is reasoning upon false premises al-
together In arranging our commercial relauons,
the enure Union must be looked to as a unit, and
our legislation shouid not be with a view to the
aid of secaonal interests, but w uh a view of diffus-
ing an average of benefits and of burdens as near
as may be, in evtry section alike. The gentleman
should recollect that not one fifth of the cotton ex-
ported is sent to France. England is Ihe great
cotton market of the world, the pnce m other
countries must be regulated by that of Liverpool
and London France must pay as much for it
as it is worth in England, or she cannot get it. A
iax upon ourcottoi will he, to that extent, a tax
upon her own eit'zens. But i0 it reasonable to
suppove lhat Frarce will impose these counter-
vailing duties upon our cotton, when she al-
ready imposes adutvof 17 per cent, upon it, and
subjects our tobacco to a Government monopoly
which is equal, as I learn, to a du v of 1400 per
cent • My friend fr^m V rgmia [Mr Wist] ad-
mitted that, taking an average for th" last ten or
twelve years, the balance of trade against this
country, and in favor of France, hid been about
10 per cent, annually I learn from oihers i\ ho
are conversant with such subjec's, lhat it has been
at least 20 per cent. This, according to the laws
of trade, has to be paid oft in specie, and, to that
extent, it opeiates as an annual dram upon the
«pecie basis of our currency. As soma compensa-
tion for this, we should make this balance of trade
against us conducive to supplying our c ffers with
revenue. And suppose France should impose pr< -
hibitory or high countervailing duties on our cotton
—let ber do it, we shall "ee who will be most in-
jured, she or we. Does it become the leg slators
of a tree people to hesitate to do their duty for fear
of th'' spiteful resentment of other countries'! I
feel indignant when I hear the argument used here,
that we must not supply our coffers wita revenue
in ihe only praetiratle mede to which we can re-
port, for fear that other countries may take um-
brage and attempt retaliation National pude
and national hon< r revolt at the idea of hesitating
here to se  how the exercise of legislative duty will
be received by other coanm . Has France an}
rght to expect ber productions to enter our pcits
frc, vhiLt curs are subjected to heavy exactions
in het port 1 But it is idle to ta'k about prohibi-
tory or high retaliatory duties on Souihern staples
Nation , m regulating their commerc al inter
course, are governed by their ínteres s Wny did
not England prohibit our cotton during the cpere
tion of the high tariff of 19285 Because the spin
dies and the looms of Birmingham and Leeds
would have stopped still in a moment Because
hundreds of thousands of poor laborers are depen
dent on us manufacture for a support If Eng-
land weie to prohibit our cotton, she \/ould then
have cftariism with a vengeance An army of ir
furiated paupers would soon be on their march to
London The same influences operate in France,
to ihe ex er>' to which she consumes our cotton.
But the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr
Rhbtt] seems to think that a duty of 20 per cent
upon French s.lks and wines will operate as a pro-
hibition of the importation of those articles into
