Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
Sll
26th Cong..   . 2í.d Sess.
th'S country. And, after assuming this position, he
we went on to snow the disastrous consequences to
the cotton-growing region, resulting from it Well,
this is a very conven ent way of pioying a propG-
st ion Let 'Sus system of logic once be adopted,
and it will dispens1 wita all m*mai laoor for fhe fu-
la e. It puts all men upon a level in argument
The-member has made a disco ery much gieater
than tnat of Atchirnide The latter said, give
him a fulcrum lor his lever, and he wouid lift tne
globe. The member from South Carolina has al-
ready found a fulcrum for his lever, by which he
turns over the whole «orld of argument in a mo-
ment, and that is, to give him his premises, ana he
will prove any proposition, confute any theory. A
duty of 20 per cent prevent the importation of silks
and wines' Why does not a.duty of 40 per cent
prevent the importation of broadcloths? And the
case is much stronger than this m favor of the non-
prohibition oí Amencun cotton in France, tor,
whi'st we manufacture broadc oths in this country,
and could obtain them at home, (although of not
so good a quality, and that is the cause of their im-
portation,) yet m Prance they raise no cotton, and
cannot get it elsewhere thin from us Why does
not the enotmous duty exacted upon our tobacco in
Prance, Germany, and Holland, prevent its impor-
tation there? B cau e the wealthy will enj y toe
luxuries (f life, and the greatei the difficulty ot pro-
curing them, the greater luxuries they become.
My friend from South Carelma [Mr. Thompson]
proved conclusively lh*t a moderate increase ui
pne  on luxuries never le s ns tneir consumption
Would any man who wears broadcloth cease to do
so if it were to cost 20 per cent more than at pre-
sent? Woald any lady who wears silk cease to do
so if it were to ad/anee 20 per cent in value?
Would any oie who now indulges himselt with
cosily wines drmk less if they were to cost 20 per
cent more' It appears tu me that no one who is at
all acquainted with the human character, and the
habito and the customs ot our people, can for a
moment believe that a duty of 20 per cent en
luxuries will lessen their consumption And if
perchance it shsuld do it, to the extent of 20 per
cent even, it will then serve to restore the balance
of trade between this country and France, and tbus
prevent the annual exportation of our specie to
supply that balance. So it must be of some ad-
vantage in either point ot view
The gentleman irom Virginia, [Mr Wije,] who
addressed u  so ably and eloquently on this subject,
argued at great length to pro>re that the Compro-
mise Aet of 1832 was a settlement of the question,
having all the binding obligation of a solemn com-
pact, obligatory, m respect to faith and honor, not
only until, but after, July, 1842 And yet, a few
moments afterwards, he admitted that it might be
revised, when it was necessary to raise revenue for
an economical administration of the Government.
This is my view expc ly We both agree that
Ihere is a deficit of revenue of at Irast ten millions,
and yet he refuses to apply his principles to the
emergency when it has arisen. He remarked, that
the admitting the unprotected articles free of duty
was one of the advantages secured to the pro ective
system in the Compromise Act I know that, and
if he is so much opposed to the protective policy,
why does he now attempt to deprive its friends of
this advantage, by cqualizng the duties, and thus
prevent the imposition of higer duties on the pro-
tected articles He admitted we were the weaker
party, and warned u^ to stand on the defensive
Would it not be bette. for us to anticipate the ene-
my, and put it beyond his power to injure us? The
gentleman from Virginia admitted that this Com-
promise Act can be revived without a breach of
faith, whever there is. a necessity to laise revenue
for an economical administration of the Guve*n-
menr The gentleman alao admi ted that there
was now a deficit oí ten rnilho is Toen I call
upon him, as a Southern man, as an anti protec-
tive man to unite with me in preventing the impo
eittons of futther duties on the protee ed a'ttcles,
and let us equalize the duties by imposing them on
luxuries But the gentleman insisted that, by
moving m this business now, we afford a pretext to
the tariff men to raise the duties to SO per cent on
that class of protected articles now paying less th n
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Rayner.
that rate S r when that is necessary f jr revenue,
I for one am willing to do it Í am tor equaliza-
tion of duties That is the p'at orm on which the
South should stand We are the. weaker party,
and if we insist on discrimination now, we are pre-
paring a "chalice" which we may hereafter have
' commended ¡o our own lips "
The gentleman from Virginia labored to prove
that the present was only a temporary and not a
permanent deficiency, and that as soon as confi-
denf e is restored, and trade i evites, the revenue
under the Comprofuse Act will be sufficient, to
meet tne expenditures of tne Government I dif-
fer with hini entirety I have aitemoted to show
that there is a debt of more than twenty millions
that will fall upon the next lour years, and ihis
must be paid m addition to the current expendi-
tures But 11 theve that, if we were entirely out
of debt, m the present ruinous and defenceless con-
dition of the countrv, the revenue would net be
sufficient to meet the necessary expenditure  Sir,
ihe puoiic money 1 as been squandered, wasteful y
squandered, upon iavonte partisans, and by faith-
less agents We must not only provide for the
present, but for the neglect and misru'e of the past,
and the exigencies- of the future Why, what is
our present condition? Our army brought irf> dis
repute—our navy jomg t^ wieck—sur fortifica-
tions descited—without barracks, without foun-
dries, without harbors, wittioat every thing, m fact,
which is calculated to prove our pude in peuce,
and out defence in war
I shall not shrink from a d scharge of duty for
fear of thedemagogue cry thtt I am in favor cf a
splendil and expensive Goverrment Those who
knows me, know that I am no fiiend to consolida-
tion, oi to an unneceisary strengthen ng of the pov, -
crs of the General Government I behtve a great
crisis is approaching in the history of the world,
and that it behoove* the United Slates of America
to put herself m a situation to protect our flag and
oui commeice aoroad, an! our free institutions at
home. Although 1 am opposed to standing armies
in time of peace, in the spirit and for the purpo-e
for which they are kept up in the monarchies of
Europe, yet Ido believe that our array should be
put m ouch a state of discipline as to form a nu ¡
cíeus around which the military feeling of the na- ,
lion may rally whe ever our je manry -hall
have to leave their firesides and their homes, in
order to defend them from a foreign foe The ci-
vi'ized world is on the eve of a great convulsion
Throughout t! e & ates of Europe, l.beral prmci -
pies, ready ~t*> burst forth mto action, are suppress-
ed by the sword and bayonet, national differences
are widening every day, the wisdom and forbear-
ance of statesman can scarcely repress the fervor
of excitement, and after a peace of twenty five
years, three millions of armed men stand ready to
shed each other's blood When the collision does
take place, it will be to the political world what
the shock of the earthquake is to the namra!, and
thrones and domtn ons, principalities, aid powers,
will be shaken to their base Can we, ntimately
connected, as we are getting to be m our commer-
cial relanot «, with the great powers of Europe—
can we expect to ¡steer clear of difficulty? And if
we maintain an armed neutrality, as we ought, and
no doubt should attempt 'o do, ought we not to
prepare ourselves for such a position?
Gentlemen may «ay this is all conjecture If so,
let us look at something a little more tangible
Every one must admit that our present relat ons
with England augur any thing else than peace and
harmony Tne bayonet oí the Baton is gleam ng
oi our Northeastern bord-r, ana a portion of the
American soil is now trodden, forciblj trodden, by
foreign feet Sir, this is no Northern quest on—
no sectic nalques ion—but a great nationalques'ion,
involving national ho íor and nat onal rights And
it force does become necessary to vindicate the
national character, we of the South, as well as the
Nvrth, wi1! not only pour out our revenue, but «t e
will pour out our b'ood England h">«t also taken
possession of the mouth of Columbia river, the
great on let ihroujh which the commerce ol poste-
rity will go freighted to the besom cf the Pacific,
and in a territory which we claim as indisputably
owes    We cannot mush longer submit to these &g
H. of Reps
gressions; and when we do act, ti e shou'dbein a
position 1> sustain oursel /es with honor Let il
not be said I am emkavoitng to g t up a war-ex-
cttement against England I shall be th  last one
to insist upon war, wnibt he country is ¡n its pre-
sent defeni eless condition Mr Cha rman, with
all my admiration for the greatness and glory of
England, y-n I kok with fearful apprehension up-
on the dangers of? collision  ih tiat gigantic
power Wi h an f^mbition more grasping than tbat
of Rome in !>er v>&ln isst days, she is extending her
Briarean arnsin'o every wgion of his mighty-
globe H"r flsg is is floating in every breeze, her
ships are c ivenng eveiy sea tin vwsal oomimon
seems tobe her object and her aim    Sapposa  we
should be precipitated m o a  w,<r with England__
what would be o r con %ton? Oar army reduced
to a handful, and they m the <s\ amps of Florida,
held at bay by the savage O ir navy cou istmg
of but a few friga es, and still fewer sh rs, and they
unfit for service Our fortifica ons unmanned and
d caying for want of repairs Without barmcks-,
wi hout ordnance, without munitions of war, and,
what is still worse than all )he«e,  'h an empty
Treasury, and no means i f «upplymg it With
twenty thousand vtterais on our Noitbem brrder,
England wou'd invade our u Titory and by t ur
frontiers m ruins With a fleet oi steam-ship ,
si e would ravage our coas's, and ¡ay our cities
in ashes. By 'browing a few regmerts of her
manumitted West India s avc nvops upon our
Southern coast, she would excite a domestic insur-
rection there Her niachin-ition, would soon
reach the sixty thousand In4 an warriors tha'
are congregated on our Wes e n lorder, whose
yell would resound fiom the Mississippi to the
Alleghan e . Th s Indian popula ion is already
restless and discouten'e I With a lingering
eye they look back upon the deserted grave-s
of their fathers, and, with feelings exasperated
and almost goaded into madness by the itt
fliction of their accumulated wrr ngs, they are pre
pared for a sudden outbreak, whenexer there is the
least prospect of success Thus hemmed m on all
sides—on the North, on the We3t, on the Eastern
and Southern coasts—what would be our situation?
Gentlemen may say these dangers are all imagina-
ry, and tbat we shoi.*d triumph over all these diffi-
culties I know it, sir, I kno* it Amercan pa
tnotism and American priwes would tave us in
the end, and expel the mvader ftom our soil But
how much suffering would it cos u? hox much
blood would it shed? How many a wido ved heart
would it wring with anguish? h uv many an orphan
would it leave parentie «¡ m the *or!d? In the
mean time, what wou d become of our commerce,
wfich is extending itself m o every part o¡ the
world? Exposed to the power and rapacity of our
enemies, oui little navy wouid be s mite ed to piece ,
and our commerce driven from the cean
I said I was oppos-d to large standing tiinus in
time of peace NoisOKith a na/j There are
associations connec ed v i h our g-n'l t tnaiy which
should endear it to he b-irt ot every Amencan
patrio Its heroic expío s during the last war
taught England what she had to fear from Ameri-
can valor, even on her own lavou e e ernent And,
owing to the relative position of out country to the
European Powers, if we ever have a protracted
war with any of them, it must be a maritime war
mainly. What protee ten coal I our small navy
afford to out comm?rce against ¡he numbers and
the strength of theirs? Look to England, France,
Russii—even Turks y and Egypt, they aie intreas
ing their naval power dally The Mediterranean
is literally shingled over with the fleets of the Euro-
pean Powers The East and West Indian Archi-
pelagoes are covered with Ergiish ship , and the
cimmerc al system of China and the East m dan
gor of being entirely revclummzed, oi put en a
new footing France is ending her I ostile nayal
armaments almost to our own docs One day we
see her battermg down the castle of St Juan de
TJlua, m Mexico, and 'he next bkckvimg the port
of Buenos Ayres, ana ai! ¡'¡is io , whiht, accord-
ing to the tfncial organ, as quoted bv try friend
from Kentucky, [Mr Davis ] there i-  not a pert
beyond our own shores where A*nuiean commerce
can 8oa' ¡I  safety    Epgland ana Ftaww and Kus-
