320
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan.  1841.
26th Cong-•••2nd S&ss.
Treasuty Note Bill—Mr. Jldams*
H. oí Reps.
enter now, Lut I say, if this has been done, it has
been done by donations of money from this and the
other Housf" of Congress, lhat it has been done by
donations whkh I, for one, believe might not have
been needed. I say, therefore, thai I have been
and now am, ready to vote for this bil1, and that I
shall vote for it whenever the ques ion comes up.
I should probably have preferred the proposu on
suggested by my friend [Mr. Barnabb] as to the
form oí raising this money, aad most tsp eially as
to the means of meeting tne e gagtm ms which it
feontracts—that is to say, that the means for the
payment of these five millions of dollars, interest
and principal, should be provided at the same time
That has been the great defect m all the Treasury
note bills for the last three or four year , they havt
sll gone to increase the deficiency 11 the Trca ury,
ihey hav*e all gone to add to ;our burdens, and they
have postponed to a fattíre d¿y the means of pay-
ing that vcty debt—aot only (he debf contracted by
the notes themselves, hut the debt which occasioned
the necessity of those notes There is a princ pie
of political economy from which I, for one, wou'd
never depart with my own censer,i, I never would
borrow in any form—be it m the foim of shinplas-
térs, Treasmy notes, bond , scrip, or ah never you
may call i'—I never would borrow a dollar with-
out providing the means of paying it And that is
the fundamental principle on which the funding
system of Alexander Hamil^a wa? tounded at the
commencement of the existence of this Government
He. laid down, in his repott to Congress, the prtn
ciple—and that principle is me only one which I
Conceive to be vital an! es eitial to trie justi"e oi
any thing like borrowing momy by Government 
—that when jou borrow Monty you shall piovidc
the means of discharging th obli anon—print pal
and interest I t,i,, lh<-reiore, th tl .¡odd have
prefeired, and should now pieler, if such were the
opinion o this and the other Housj oi Congre s, to
have male a public loan in a rtgular form, in
which ample provision should be male toi ihe
payment, i ot only of th" Treasury notes ihern
selves, bat of all those arrears and deficiencies
which they were intended nominally to supply.
i'h s must bf done h reaftcr
JSoí!, probibly it would not have been neces arv
tor me to have said anoiiiei syllab'e, it top cs 1 -d
not been mtio'ucul  nto ibis discusión upon wh ill
1 do feol myself obliged to say i tew wo e's     We
are about the comm duKiI  of a   f w  Adm ni-
tration     A  r.ew   Pre ident is on Sis  way to th s
ci'y, and it is- eipe-cted  that,  wi bin the  space oi
one short month, h'  will  acuate th   po i wa oí
the Chief Magistrate oí the countiy.    Prom  th.v
circumstance—mat is to s«j, fioai the introd j< t on
of a new President in the plane of the one  who
now fills the Exet utive cha>r—I, fo>- mystlf, have
drawn one conc'usion    I do net know  tint it is
correct—probably it may not mea th? views of a
very large portion ( f this House, Lut Í have drawn
the conclusion  which I b lieve  the  peop e  oí the
United States have dra vn—In it is, lhat the system
ot administration  pot ued  by fl e p t suit ii sting
President is n )t satisfaz oi y to  die  ¡.eople <i   this
nation, and that they choose to have a (liirge     1
will not enter into   the inquiynow wneihei th it
conclusion is just or not    I  think, however, that j
the people have come to it, pnd I concur with them
in it.   I do not think that the poht ft! adm nts ta   j
tion of the present mcumbjnt is prefi a le a-d u-e   ,
ful to the people ot this nation, but tl   t a charge
was a desirable thing    And there Í slop—tor my
part, th«re I stop.   The people have said who sh?ll
be at the head of the Administration lhat is to  ake
the place of the piesent one    Í acq nesce in ihei'
decision.    But, sir, 1 do not know—I  am not in
the confidence < 1 th- hea 1 of the new A'iministra-
tion—I do not krow what his system  of admims-
tration will be     A system of administration is, of
course, a   very   comprehensive and complicated
thing.   It involves all the subjects which have leen
brought into discussion on this bill, and which, m
my opinion, were not proper to ba brought mt > the
consideration of this bill     Nay, it involves more,
it involves not only the subject of the finances—it
involves not only  the condition of the Treasury,
but of our foreign affairs—of our internal affair?
—roi the relations between the United States and
the several S ates—of out 'elations wiih the Indians
—of the public lands—ni   s ion, of every  thing
that is connected with the transaction of the public
affairs of the nation.   All of them are parts oí one
system( and almost all of them, if not all,  will be
brought up for consideration here    I siy this dn-
cussion is premature—'hat  the prop=r ti-ne for it
has not yet come.   Y«u are discussing here ?h,it
shall be doae—wh°tiier ■&& are to have ai extra
session—what shall be done with the public lands
—whtt shall be done with  the State debts—wh-t
shall b^ done w,ti State right —wnat shall be djne
as to a National Bank, and jet you do not know
wlmisthe opin'un ot the Piesident elect  of the
Ututed S ates, v,ho is, on. the 4th ot March, to take
the Executive coaf    I find in a little book here—.
for wnich 1 have great respec',  as I presume the
greatei portion of the member., oí this House have
—(¡ha Gun titution of the Um el States, which de-
fines  the poweis  and prescribes ihe duties of the
Pres dent of fhrUni'ed States)—I say I find  it is
declared that ' he (the  Piesident) shall from time
to tune give to Use Congresj  informa i-n  of the
s ate of the tinion, and  recommend to  then con-
sideraron such r.easures as he shall judge  neces-
sary and expedient, he  may, ot. extraordinary oc
casions, convene both Houses, oi ei'her of theii,"
&~.    What does this saj?    Why, making the ap
plication to the circumstances of the piesent tune,
it says that when General Harrison sha'l be mau-
guiated m that chjii, or on the steps of the Capitol,
oi wh'rever it may be, that then he, he shall do er
mi <\   a noegst   otlu r   things,   whether  a  neces-
sity lor an estr-t s«.ss on of Congiessex s s, and   f he
Imds that necessity, he vill say so, an 1 ?ct accord
in¿ly. It will be hi  limy to do this,aid it lied unit
find such necessity i i.istm0', he will  ay so     Whit
in n, is tin use of our riebain^h t v ixkalle-r week
whether .i is oí isnot uectss iry to haveán entra se -
sion'í    í mention this merely as  one example     I
mi¿ht go througn ti e whole ot  tho5e  topics whio !
have been agitated heit foi  the last three or /oar
weeks, and say the very same  thing m regard to
alio  them    We are discussing thirgs, as to wbaai,
in tV tilst p'ace, w   ought to know  what are  the
vie vs of this gentleman  who  is coming here  to
tiki' po <°ssn>i oi the povers th„s confened upm
hur).    We have ceen doing in th s Hou e what has
been doing ver} mueh out of it, I b"litve,  too, for
we are all m pubho , nd 11 pnva'e ev ry much ?d-
det í 10 fti-it is called sett'mg  th"1  afluís of the
Ba'ion, uehavt been doing ilia .    We have tern
nwkti.;   idDincts—vc  have .ill   mrned   c^biii t-
rnak i , ai. t I c|i")uld nave hop^d that, amidsi this
immense mass oi cfbtaet ma ¡ers,  wi,  mi^ht have
foun {  a little   noie  uianty  an Í m*rcy  towards
|  manufactures than we have found     I say we are
all cab n t-nifUcr*     Well,  we  ask one another
e very day, when we get up «t a morning and go to
bre.iKfast, "Who  is  to  be S^eretaif  of Slate'"
"W io Secret trv ■■; the Treasurv^"   "Who  Post-
al is ei Gene, i ' '    "WhoSei rtiary of the Kivj'"
and   o on     Oin sav  , one day, ' it  is  tms   man,"
.uiot er s<ys, • No, a i   aui the man," «rd so   iu
Ann n" oil er things which I n ive   e  i in tne n   is
pipets, aitet   It*  eh p )si'ion   of   certain   sippomt-
mer s  o cemia g< nti( in n, nud the as ignm nt ot
ce   nn posit ons to in UviduaU who a-e not to have
appoiiitintnls,  ivas  tHe stateniáiit   thai  my  fitnl
iiori' Virgtnu [VTr Wisi ] was <o be the leader of
thu Hous      Well, I thought that as I have bee i
and shali be, so long as I remain here,   my own
man,' and no other mai's," I tho i^ht that I should
be as glad to array h mself mder the lead of the
gentleman from Virginia as under lint of any otcr
memoer o   this Hojs-, most esoeciaUy from what
I have s en of his po itica! character for a j ear or
t <vo pas1, were it not for a vei y imp irtant and viy
viial ling to my policy, in which  I stand  at the
opposi e   pole  from   that gentleman     But, alto-
gether, he has been so chivalric, ne has been so ef-
fective, so efficient, m exposing the  abuses of the
present Adm ntstration, at great hazard to himself,
and, as I thought, laying m fcr himself a great
stock of credit with the peop'e of this country, that
I have ovei looked and forgiven many things in
which he and I are altogether at variance,  and in
reference to which I expert ¡ba' I always shall be
at vanan.ee with that gentleman*
When he first reappeared m this Hou*e af er ar 
absence of considerable tnbu ation to himself, and
watch no one regretted more than 1 did, I tnought
ihe«gentleman assumed, very distinctly, very une-
quivocallv, the position which the newspapers I
have referred to had given to bim—as the leader of
th'3 House He assumed the tone and the manner
belonging to that station, and I no'iced it at the
time in the few remarks that took place between
him and myself.
Mr Wise hsre rose, interrupting Mr Adams,
and s?id, (as the Reporter understood, though it
was with difficulty he heard, owing |o the fact that
Mr W turned to the o'her side of the House,) tho
gentle nan ha? asserted not that he inferred that I
assumed any such thing, not that it was his opinion,
but I understand him to have asserted the fact, and
I wish him now to say whether he does assert the
fact that I assumed lhat tone?
Mr Adams I am glad to repeat the assertion X
made when the gentleman put the question to me
on a foimer occas on I did not say, nor intend io
s iv, that he had announced himself, as from hiv
installation, «is the leader of this House. What I
said, and what 1 now say is, that the tone and man-
ner with which he came into this House atter his
absenc , were such as to assume ipso facto, whether
recognised by tbis House or not, the position of
leader. That is what I said, and that is what I re-
peat. And in saying this, I must return my sincere
and cordial thanks to the gentleman for having
said, on that occa ion, that he should be extremely
averse and unwiü ng to ejuarrel with me. Those,
1 believe, were 1m words, I do not misrepresent
the m
Mr Wist. 1 eie tailed upon Mr Adam  to desig-
nate* the time at whien this occurrence had taken
plaec
M Adamo Ii was pt the re-appearance of the
gentleman in his seat here <>fter a long absence oc-
cas'oind by sicklies*. I believe the committee
have a pretty di, met recollection of what took
place the.i,if the gentleman has not.
Mr Wise was understood to ?ay that he had no
knowledge of any re appearance, or of any era
which could be exactly characterized by the term
reappearance.
Mr Adims I will not take issue w th the geri-
tle-nat  on that punt Ihe time when I first no-
Uct 1 the gentleman's assumption in this House—
a > I eonoielu ., not as he announced it—of the po-
i ion of leader which the newspapers had assigned
to hirn, is not many oays past, it is within the re-
collection of all the meiibers now present and then
present. It w&s not at the last session ot Congress,
and if he is many manner hurt at the use of the
term "re-appearance," I will retract i'—and I will
say it was his appeaiance on thai particular occa-
sion The gen leman, very inucu to my regret,
pnd to ttut, I piesume, oí a majority of this
House, and f trus' I may say of the people of this
na ion, u as for a considerable portion of the last
sc ioi of Congress a< d of the present absent from
•us se it I legiet ed it, not only fro n the circum-
st-mee it elf sindfiom my fnendly feelings towards
mm, but from the cause, wh.cn I understood to be
vtry severe md posi'ioo However, as I have
s.aid, if the word "re appearance" has any thing m
u offensive to him, I withdraw it. I simply refer
to a partieular time which is wi'hm the recollection
of every member row here and who was here then.
And it vas at the same ti-ne when the gentleman,
amongst oiher tbmss, said that General Harrison
was under more obligation to him than he was to
G-reral Harrison I considered tnat as of itself
not only rs uming the position of leader here, but
issert'ttg that there was a balance of accounts due
between him and General Harrison which the gen-
tleman expected to rectve nt some time or other.
That was the time to which 1 refer.
Mr Wisi. here intimated that he did not precise-
ly hear what the gentleman had said
Mr Adams Wnat I understood the gentleman
to say was, that General Harrison owed more to
htm than he owed toGeneral Harrison, and I say I
I in'erred from that there was abalance of accounts
tobe settled between them, which the gentleman ex-
pected to receive in due time It was also at the time
when he made some retaaite en ¡he subject
U
