Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE COÑGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
322
26-th Cons....2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Adams.
H. of Reps.
will see whether there will be a fight or not I
givexthis as a fan monition to this House.
Mr. Adams He will see what he will see
la what I have said, and in what I am yet about
to say, if m order, if the committee, and espfcialiy
the duellists of this commutee, will permit me, my
object is to assign reasons why I will never put
myself under the lead of a protessed duellist in
this House; and, for that purpose, I must remark
upon the duelling law, being the thing which pro-
hibits th*t practice.
Mr Wise again rose to order.
Mr. Adams    Let me proceed, you may have a
week to answer me, if you choose
Mr. Wisf I may not have an opportunity
Does the gentleman from Massachusetts intimate
that I am a professed duellist because I m gilt,
under certain circumstance*, fighrl 1 never
shot a man through the heart, nor has any man
been laid in the grave by my bullet I have uni-
formly denounced the practice I abhor it. I
have avoided it, and, if possible, I will avoid it to
the day of my death I know of no character
more to be abhorred than that of a professed duel-
list I have been engaged m duels, and, if such
cases should agam occur  I might do as I have
done before. But if the gentleman means to de-
signate me as such a character, I will a-k him to
lay his hand upon the time or occasion when I
ever professed more than this—that I, for one, like
my friend from Maryland [Mr Johnson] would
not be bound by that act, it sucha case should
again occur, and that, so far as I am a duellist, the
act is mere brutumfulmen, it has no force upon
me And all I have said of it was, ihit, aithout
the power to prevent a fight, it gave all the en-
couragement to a quarrel.
Mr. Adams. I am not willing to be led away
by false ¡«sue"!. I did not charge the gentleman
with being a duellist. He knows what his pro es-
sions are, and he knows what his practice is I
did not charge him, I say, with being a duellist I
said that, as a public man, I never would put my-
self under the lead of a professed duellist, and I re-
peat it. The gentleman now declares in the face
of lbs committee, that he abhors the practice of
duelling. I am extremely happy to hear it, and I
hope that his practice from this day to the end of
his life will confirm that profession
Now, in regard to the practice oí duelling I do
understand the gentleman as maintaining that duel-
ling between members of this House, tor matters
parewg within this House, is a practice that ought
not to be suppressed. I understand him to main-
tain that doctrine now. I maintain the contrary,
and I maintain it for the independence of this
Homer—for my own independence—for the inde-
pendence of those with whom I act—for th  inde-
pendence of the members from the Northern sec
tion of this country, who not only abhor duelling in
theory but in practice, and in consequence of which
members from other sections are perpetually in
suiting them on this floor, under the impression
that the insult will not be resented.
Mr. Campbell of South Carolina rose and
called Mr Adams to order.
The Chairman said something, of which the Re-
porter, could not hear a word, (the House at this
moment being in a-state of tempestuous uproar)
When the voice of Mr. Adams again caught the
ear of the Reporter, Mr. A was proceeding as fol-
lows:
Would you smother discussion on the duelling
law? There is not a point in the affairs of this na-
tion more important than this very practice of du-
el ag—considered as a point of honor in one part
of the Union, and a point of infamy m another
ptitof the Union—with its consequences I say
tl« re is no more important subject that can go
i )> Ih, North and South, East and West, and I,
tliirefore, take my issue upon it I have come
lt«e determined to do so between the different por-
tions of this House, and in order to see wheiher
t'us practice is to be continued, whether the mem
bus from that section of the Union whose princi-
ples are against duelling aie to be insulted upon
every topic of discussion, because it is supposed
that-ihe insult will not be resented, and that "there
will be no fight."   As to the gentleman's theory or
pract < i,  I will say no  more about it     I ask  the
Clerk to  read the  first  ectijii of a ¡aw of one of
the States of this Union, and I suppose, on hearing
it read,  the gentleman will know  to what State I
refer
The Clerk then read as follows
AN ACT to suppress d jelling—Passed January 26 1810
Whereas experience has evinced that the existing remedy for
the suppression of the barbaious custom of duelling is made
ouate to the purpose, and the pi ogress and consequences of the
evil have become so destructive as to require an pfFni t, on the
pait of the Legislature, to anesta-nce the result of ignorance
and barbarism justified neither by the precepts of morality
nor by the dictates of reason    For the remedy wheicof—
1   Be tt enacted by the General Assembly That any person
who shall heieafter wilfully and maliciously or by previous
agreement, fight a d lei oi single combat with auy engine, in
strument, or weapon, the probahle consequence of whu h might
be the death of either party and m so doing shall kill his anta
gomst oi any other person oi pei«ons, oi inflict such wound as
that the pei^on injured shall die thereof within three months
thereafter, such offender his aiders, abettors and counsellors,
being thtreof duly convicted, shall be guilty of murder and suf
fer death by being hanged by the neck, any law, custom, or
usage of thií, Commonwealth to the contiarynotwidistanding
Now, siid Mr A read the second section
And the Ckrk read as follows-
2   And be tt further enacted That, if any person whatso
ever shall i hallenge another to fight a duel with any weapon, or
in any manner whatsoever, the pi obable is^ue of which may or
might result in the death of the challcngei or challenged or ll
any peison shall accept a challenge oi fight a due! with any wta
pon, or in any way whatsoever the j r bable ib&ue of which
may or might terminate m the death ol the challe iger or chai
lenged, such person shall be incapable of holding or being elect
ed to any post of profit, trust, or emolument civil oi militaiy,
under the Government of this Commonwealth
3   And be it further enacted That, from and after the pass
mg of this act, every person who shall be appointed to any of
flceor place, civil oi military, undei this Commonwealth shall,
in addition to the oath now {in imhpd by low tike the f jll w
ing oath I do solemnly swt-al or tthrm (is th ci may be)
that I ii ive not been tngiged in l lile' I y sending oi ucepting
a challenge to fight 1 Hit I rtyt -ílitmí, i duel oi m my othci
inannei, in vi Utionof the a t entitled An act to supf iecs dm 1
ling since the passage oí that act nor will f be •, i concerned
directly oi n Inccily in r-uch duel, dining my r Btmuinct in
Office    -*o help me (3od—V11 ginia Rev \t>d C le,l  &**%
Mr A continued Tnere aie ilso other sections,
which it is not necessary to read The gentleman
can probably tell this Hou-e what State has such a
law, and can tell us what are th3 hitter fruits of that
law.
I was going on to say that the reason jvhy I
brought this subject into the discussion is, because it
is most intimately connected with all the transac-
tions in this House and this nation—and becaus" I
think it is time to settle this question between the
duellists and non-duellists, whoever they may be.
I say that, in consequence of my principles and
what I believe to be the principles of a very large
portion of the people m that part of ihe country
from which I come, I will not, as regards the ap-
proaching Administration, put myself under the
lead of any man who considers Ihe duelling law in
this District as having borne any bitter fruits what-
ever. It may not, indeed, be sufficiently potent in
lis operation to prevent the thirst for blood which
follow* offensive words, but I believe it has pre
vented and will prevent any such occurrences as
we hive witnessed here But as it bears upon the
affairs of the nation, I am not willing to sit any
longer here and s e other members from my own
section of country, ci ihose who roiy be my suc-
cessors h re, made subj'ct to any such ¡aw as the
law of the duellist, 1 am unwilling tha'they should
not have full freedom of speech in this House on
all occasions—as much so as. the primest duellist
in the land. I do not want to hear perpetual in-
timations when a man from one part of Ihe coun-
try means to insult another coming from other
parts of the country—as, "I am ready to answer
here or elsewhere"—and, "thp gentleman knows
where I am to be found," saving, as the gentleman
from Maryland (Mr. W C Johnson) did just now,
that he would call to account any person who dared
make allusion to what had taken place between
him and another member of this House I do not
intend to hear that, any more for myself or others,
if I ean help it. Therefore, I move to bnpg the
matter up for full discussion h re—whether we are
to be twitt°d and taunted with remirks, that a man
is ready to meet us here or elsewhere. It goes to
the independence of this House; it goes to the inde-
pendence of every individual member of this
House; it goes to the right of speech and the free-
dom of debate in this House, and I felt myself
bound to bear my testimony in the most decided
1 manner against the praettce of duelling, or any
thing  in the shape of even a virtual challenge
taking place in this Hou e, now and iorever. If
the committee thinks proper to put me down, after
a debate of three weeks involving almost every to-
pic under the sun, and in which not ore man has
been called to order, I must submit It shall go
out to the country, and I am willing that the sober
sentimeHt of the whole nation shall be my final
judge on this subject I lake issue now with the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr Wise] on that law,
and on the practice of duelling Let him say what
he thinks proper on the subject let it go forth to
the nation let it go forth to his constituents. He
ones, in a public address to his constituent", used
as a s rt of apology, that his constituents demand-
ed—that they insistid—he should fight whenever
his honor was offended Probably I misappre-
hended him if «to, he can correct me Well—if
his constituents cad upon hira to fight a duel, mine
ins st upon me that I s-hall not, and so do (he con-
s'lluente of other members on this floor, from the
same section of country
Mr Wise here desired to explain, in justice te
his constituents and himself, that he had never
made --ueh a declaration ps that his constituents
demanded he should fight He had never said so.
He was not responsible for his principles as to duel-
ling, except as between himself and his God But
from some misrepresentations which had been
made against him on a certain occasion, he had, in
justice to himself, told his constituents that he ex-
pected to be tried by them, by their public senti-
ment He repeated, he had never said that his
constituents ever demanded of him to fight There
w.,s more than a political lelation between himself
and his constituents—a relation of pergonal affec-
tion—and he had not a friend amon^ the thousands
h  could number, in his district, who did not pray
foi him aad to him continually, to avoid fighting.
Whenever he did, from necessity, fight, he fought
ggamst their will They knew it, and he knew it1
and he must say that he never fought but against
his own will also
Mr Adams What the gentleman does accord-
ing to his own will, or against it, is no matter of
discussion here or with me I do rot mean to mis-
represent him in this case I did understood that
in a publication of his, he apologized for having
been concerned in an affair of this kind, on the
ground of public sentiment amongst his constitu-
ent?, of a necessity imposed upon htm by their opi-
nions, thereby intimating, as I understood it, that a
majouty of his constituents, or probably all of
them, thought as he did on that point. I am wil-
ling that his explanation should go out I under-
stand him now to say that he was never engaged in
such an affair except against his own will
And here I take issue with the gentleman on a
principle of fact, and I say I hope it is not to be
the rule of this House, nor ever admitted, that a
>oVmn ¡aw, passed by both Houses of Congress
and approved by the President, is to be spoken of
with contempt and derision because it restrains
duelling The cumiral law of his own State—that
cannot affect him He bids defiance to it as he dt es
to the law of this District. He must adhere to his
principles They are between him and his God,
he said, bat I tell him that I will never put myself
under the kad of a man w ho .professes any such
principles one way or another There is a funda-
mental objection to it, because (this is the inference
I draw, he nay disclaim it if he pleases) ihe same
principle is to be used as an instrument for politi-
cal purposes in thia House—the principle of duel-
ling tspon necessity or public sentiment, that is to
be carr.ed into effect in this House—that is to say,
by brow beating gentlemen who are known to
maintain anoiher principle But, Mr Chairman,
I will say no more on that subject
Another reason why I am not disposed to follow
the lead of the gentleman from Virginia is, that
about the same time that, in ihe speech relating to
the duelling law, he unfolded the standavd of his
allegiance, he unfolded also what I would call the
overseer's standard. The word "overseer" has a
technical meaning in a certain portion of this coun-
try which I suppose will be understood by all The
overseer standard denotes the exclusion of nine pe-
titions out of every ten that come from States ly-
ing north of Mason and Dixon's line, and the re-
