Feb. 1841.                                            APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.       ___________                              Sg¿
26th Cong—2nd Sess.                                        Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Garland.                                                                          Senate.
isting circumstances to exhaust a small portion of
the valuable time of th^s House,
I extremely regret that such an immense range
of debate should have been taken upon a question
so simple, and so many tojplcs discussed so irrele-
vant to it. It isa badipractice, and will, if per-
sisted in, ultimately drive from our legislation
every subject of an important and interesting
character. It will convert our Hall into an arena
of political gladiation, in which the making of a
President will be the principal business, to the ne-
glect of all other. It is not my purpose, on the
present occasion, to follow gentlemen in their er-
ratic and discursive course. I do not desisn
fighting over again the late Presidential campaign;
nor do I design inquiring into the fact whether the
million and a quarter of American freemen who by
their suffrages have elevated William Henry Har-
rison to the Presidency of these United States were
seduced into bis support by the contemptible
pageantry of log cabins, hard cider, and coon skins,
or whether the more than million who cast their
suffrages upon Mr. Van Buren were actuated by
base and unworthy motives; these criminations and
recriminations are but little respectful to the virtue
and intelligence of the American people, and are
altogether unworthy of their representatives. The
part which I acted in that great struggle, and the
reasons upon which it was founded, are well known
to my constituents and to the country, and I shall
not here repeat ihem. They were sufficient for
me, and I have no regret to express fov any thing I
said or did. In voting for General Harrison, I did
not commit myself to an unqualified support of his
administration; nor shall I. My purpose is to
judge his administration according to its acts, ap-
proving where I can and condemning where I
must. The standards by which I shall judge him
are, the Constitution of my country, the funda-
mental principles of Republican Government, and
the success pf his measures. This is the only ad-
hesion which I can give to General Harrison's or
any other Administration.
The question immediately before the committee
is, shall the enacting clause of the bill be stricken
outl I shall vote against that motion; and finally
for the passage oí the bill. I shall vote for the
passage of the bill, not because I approve it, or
prefer that system to any otht.r for supplying the
wants of ihe Treasaiy; I vole for it because ihe
friends of this Administration, having in their
bands the means of ascertaining the true condition
of the Treasury, have been called upon to supply
the necessary means for the operation of Guvern-
ment for the current year, and have cffered this
- amount, ar d in this form. We have made the call,
and we must accept what they offer uj. If the
means which they supply are inadequate, they are
responsible to the country for the consequences; if
not, there Will be no cause of complaint.
In order to determine on the propriety of issu-
ing the Treasury notes proposed by the bill, the
fir t inquiry is, will the ordinary sources of revenue
supply the demands upon the Treasury for the cur-
rent yeai? It seems to be admitted on all hands
that it will not; and the onlv inquiry sterns to be,
will the §5.000,000 pioposed by this bill to bi is-
sued and reissue J for the year, be sufficient to sup-
ply the deficiency'! I think no'; and this opinion
is founded upon the most deliberate investigation
of the estimates of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury. He estimates the receipts from customs at
|19,000,000; from lands at §3,500,000; from debtor
banks $220,000, and from all other sources $80,000.
To this may be added the estimated balance in
the Treasury on theflrst of January last, $1,580,855;
making the whole estimated means of the Treasuiy
for the year 1841, $24,380,855.
Even if the estimates of the Treasury Depart-
ment should be realized, I do not believe that the
means of the Government will be adequate to
the demands of the year. But is there any rea-
sonable hope that this estimate will be realized? If
we judge of the production of the same sources
of revenue for the last year, and make even a
liberal allowance for the increase of these sources,
I do not see how the estimates of the Treasury
Department are to be realized.
The  receipts from all these sources for the
last year, except the banks, estimating the fourth
quarter, were $17,197,763 03, which makes the
estimates of this year over the receipts of last
$5,522,24699, including the bank debts. Is there
any reasonable prospect that th; receipts from
customs and public lands during the present year
will exceed those of the last by so large an amount?
I am decidedly of opinion, judging from the ordi-
nary operations of trade, and the condition of the
country, they will not. The Secretary estimates the
expenses of the current year att(23,899,20O, as
follows:
Ordinary expenses ..... 319,250,000
Funded debt on account of the District of Columbia 149,( 00
Redemption of Treasuiy notes        -         .          ■     4,600,000
Aggregating       ..... $23,899,000
According to these estimates, the receipts will be
$481,855 more than the expenditures. But are
these estimates to be relied upon? Does any gen-
tleman suppose that the ordinany expenditures of
the Government can, during the present year, be re-
duced to $19,250,000? I humbly think not. I
think they wilt be little less than $25,000,000—for
more new sources of expenditure have been
opened then dried up. Last year the Secretary
of the Treasury estimated the ordinary expendi-
tures at $18 280,600; when they in fact reached
$22,489,349—difference $4,208,749. Under these
circumstances, I am decidedly of opinion that
the five millions proposed by the bill will not
only be nectssary, but will scarcely be adequate
to meet the necessary expenditures of the year;
but as the Committee of Ways and Means that re-
ported ihe bill believe that ths provision, is ade-
quate, and the dominant party in this House pro-
poses it, I will take it upon their responsibility.
While I vote for this bill, Mr. Chairman, I
must confesa that I do it with great reluctance. I
do not approve < f this mrde of raising mean--. It
is a system so easily abused, and fraught with
such mischievous consequences when abused, that
I am anxious to see it discontinued entirely. It is
true that I have heretofore voted for three bills of
like character, but always did so under th . strong
assurances repeatedly made by the Secretary of
the Treasury and the committee of Ways and
Means, that tbess issues were only intended to
anticipate, for a short lime, the resources of the
Treasury, and that no more applications would be
nade. These assurances have been as repeatedly
violated as they were given, and are now to be
violated again. I infinitely prefer a direct, to this
indirect and dangerous mode of making a loan;
and but for the fact that the friends of the Admi-
nistration are a majority here, and, preferring this
mode, would not likely adopt any other, I would
vote against this bill. The Treasury must be
supplied in some way, and I see no prospect in
any other. I shall, therefore, vote for this bill
upon ¡he entire responsibility of its friends as to its
mode and adequacy. In making my estimate for
the receipts and expenditures of the year, I have
discarded alt Treasury notes, except the four and a
half millions of dollars now outstanding, which
constitute a charge, because, to the same extent
that th-y operate as means, they operate as charges,
and, therefore, balance each other.
These, Mr. Chairman, are all the remarks I
have to make directly upon the bill now before the
committee; but as gentlemen have introduced,
without due regard, I must say, lo the business of
the House, other interesting and important topic?,
I feel it due to myself, to the party with which I
acted during the late Presidential canvass, and to
my constituent?, respectfully, but decidedly and
unequivocally, to express my opinions in relation
to some of the most important of them, and those
which will likely be acted on hereafter.
The first of these which I shall notice is the
distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands among the States. If I were at any time
disposed to vote for this scheme of distribution, I
could not at this time, under the existing condition
of the finances of the country. It is admitted, on
all hands, that the receipts of the year will not be
equal to the expenditures by several millions of
dollars, and some even go so far as to say that it
will take several years of the most successful
operation of our financial resources to redeem the
Treasury from the heavy burden which the mis-
management of the present Administration has
entailed upon it; and yet it is gravely proposed
to abstact from this deficient revenue f 3,500,000,
the estimated proceeds of the sales of the public
lands during the year. If this be done, it necessa-
rily follows that this amount of revenue jnttst
be raised from some other source. Gentlemen, well
aware of this inevitable consequence, propose to
supply the deficiensy by an impost duty on silks
and wines, hoping to satisfy the country for this
new imposition of laxes upon them by holding out
the delusive idea that they are luxuries, and that a
tax upon them is amere tax upon the rich. Now,
Mr. Chairman, a tax is a tax, whether it be im-
posed on luxuries or on necessaries; and no ene
would be so absurd as to contend that ths imposi-
tion of a tax upon luxuries will relieve, a single
sliver, the tax upon necessaries, when the tax
upon luxuries is imposed to supply the deficit
created by the withdrawal of a like amount of re-
venue from another source. I am no advocate for
the exemption of luxuries from taxation, bnt am
ready at any time to subject them to a fair and equal
taxation when the necessities of the revenue and the
relief of the articles of necessity shall require. But
I can see no propriety in creating a deficit in the
public revenue, by withdrawing from the public
Treasury the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, so long as they are necessary for revenue,
by subjecting any class of our citizens to taxation
merely to supply the deficit.
It has been estimated that, by the distribution of
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands, the
Stats of Virginia would receive about $4,000,009,
and by the array of this result it is supposed that
the State would be favorable to the distribution. If
this addition to the means of the treasury ofVirgi-
gia were real and substantial, and would add to
the permanent capital of the State that much, then
indeed would it present a most formidable and im-
posing argument in favor of the scheme. But, sir,
this is not the case; and, although I do not charge
the friends of the scheme with insincerity or impro-
per design,. yet, with due deference to them, I
must say that the whole appearance is delusive and
deceptive." It is true that it will add thus much to
the State treasury, but it will add more than this
amount to the taxation of the people of the State
to supply the vacuum created in the National
Treasury; and thus, while with one hand you make
a donation to the State Governments, you draw-
heavily with the other upon the pockets of the
people to supply the gift; and thus, when in truth
and in fact you profess to be liberal, you are be-
stowing nothing but an increased burden. It has
been contended by many wise and experienced
statesmen that the consumers of foreign goods
who are the principal producers of the country, are
the principal tax payers; and thus, sir, they would
have to bear all the burdens of this system, with-
out any benefit whatever. What estimate would
you place upon the intelligence of a man if he
would accept a proposition to receive $500 in one
pocket to-day, and pay 700 out of the other to-
morrow? This, sir, is a fair illustration of the
scheme, so far as Virginia is concerned.
I feel very confident, Mr. Chairman, that, but
for the very indirect operation of our system of
taxation, by which the true amount of the burdens
imposed upon the people is concealed from them,
this scheme of distribution would find no favor in
Virginia or any of the producing States. If a
system of direct taxation prevailed, and the peo-
ple who pay the taxes were to count out to the
officers of the Government in dollars and cents
the amount they would have to contribute to the
National Treasury to supply the deficiency pro-
duced by this withdrawal of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands from the general revenue,
I ara sure that they would not tolerate it for a
moment, but rebel against it. But, from the indi-
rect operation of our system of taxation, the great
body of the people do not reflect that, in every
bushsl of salt, in every pound of coffee, and in
every yard of woollen goods of foreign manu-
facture which they use, they are paying their taxes
to the Government; and thus, while this four mil-
lions of dollars would go to the Government of
