Feb. 1841.________^_______APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.      _______________*     ' S&7
26th CoyG""2ND Sess._____________________Treasury Note Bill—Mr, Garland.                                                                  H. of Reps.
which he thought it time to correct. He had made
no proposition, nor liad he advocated in his speech
a high protective tariff, or any protective tariff
whatever. His proposition looked to revenue, and
to revenue only, and not even incidentally to pro-
tection.
My motion (said Mr. B.) was to strike out the
enacting clause of this bill, and that is the whole of
the motion. I accompanied this motion with a
notice which disclosed the object of it, It was
that, if the motion prevailed, I would move the
House to instrust the Committee of Ways and
Means to bring in a bill to borrow $ 10,000,000 on
the issue of bonds or scrip; and also a bill to lay
duties on articles now admitted free of duty, such
as wines, silks, spices, and other articles, bein 
luxuries—but all within the terms and policy of
the compromise act. This was my notice; and it
is, I suppose, to that that reference is made, when
it is imagined that I have proposed to make a new
tariff for protection.
Sir, I have proposed nothing of the sort, nor did
I, in all my speech, from the beginning to the end,
advccite any measure of the sort. I found, as I
though', that the Treasury would want $10,000,000
in 184Í over and above all current revenues. I
proposed to borrow it. I found also, as I thought,
that the deficit in revenue from customs in
1842 would be very great, and that deficit
I proposed to make up, as far as it would
go,, by new duties laid now, and laid, not
upon protected, but on unprotected articles—duties
for revenue only.
• I will only add and repeat to the gentleman
from Virginia, which was all I intended when I
rose, that I have not, in occasion of this de-
bate, proposed or advocated a protective tariff.
When Mr. B. had concluded, Mr. Waddy
Thompson made a like request, and mads the
following explanation:
Mr. Thompson said it is very strange that any
such disclaimer of an intention to bring about a
protective tariff should be required of the member
from New York, when his resolution expressly
states that the terms of the compromise of 1833
are not to be violated; and therefore, he proposes
duties, not on the protected, but upon the unpro-
tected articles—such has been the language of
every single member from the tariff States. The
word protective tariff has not been used by one of
them unless to disclaim any wish for increased pro-
tection. If Southern gentleman quesiion the truth
and honor of these members, I would ask, dare
these members make this disclaimer if their consti-
tuents really wished increased protection?
The distinguished member from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Coshing,] representing one of the largest
manufacturing interests, tells you that the manu-
facturers do not wish any more protection. That
we may lay the duties for the required amount on
any thing we please. Thsy do not ask it, but are
willing that the duties jon the protected articles
should be increased; that they propose to lay these
duties on the unprotected articles to satisfy us, but,
if we prefer, we may choose. No man from the
South has said, or will say, that hs does not prefer
to lay duties on the unprotected class of articles.
The North propose this to us, and we denounce
the proposition which we approve, because we
have a suspicion that, in offering us our own
choice, they mean to cheat us. Why, then, sir,
this senseless cry of tariff, tariff, tariff?]
Mr. Garland. I am quite happy, Mr. Chair-
man, that I afforded the gentleman from New
York an opportunity to place himself right before
the country. It was to what I had been informed
he had said that I referred. As to my friend from
South Carolina [Mr. Thompson] I would as soon
have suspected any man in this House or out of it
being an advocate of a protective tariff as him.
His explanation may be very well to set him right
as to others, but was wholly unnecessary as to me.
With this explanation from the gentleman from
New York, I will pursue this subject no further,
but content myself by remarking that, whenever it
does come up, if I shall have the honor of a seat
on this floor, I shall be found its unwavering and
uncompromising opponent.
In relation to the proposed tax upon siks and
wines, I beg leave to submit a few remarks. I
am not willing at the present session to enter
into that subject. French silks and wines, by
treaty stipulation, are exempt from duties until
1842, and I feel no desire to discriminate between
French silks and those of any other friendly power;
and there is no necessity of any precipitate action
on the subject. Whenever the whole field shall
be opened, and silks and wines can be made the
subjects of a fair and equal taxation with other
subjects, I am ready to embrace them and impose it
upon them. They are as fit subjects of taxation as
any other foremn production, and much more so
than many. They are certainly not entitled to
any privilege because they are luxuries—nor, as
asserted by my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Alford,]
because "there are great many pretty girls in the
South who wear silks." The "pretty girls" of the
South are under as high an obligation to pay a tax
for the silk which adds so much to their comfort
and decoration, es the "pretty giris" every where
who wear their light woollens; and although I should
regret to be less an admirer of "pretty girls" than
my friend from Georgia, yet this distinction is an
homage that I am not prepared to pay to their
beauty. The Constitution has given the power to
raise revenue for the purpose of supplying the
means of defraying the expenses of the Govern-
m«nt and its other legal obligations. In the ex-
ercise of this power I shall always be prepared to
impose such duties as shall be necessary to meet
these objects. All that I desire in relation to silks
and wines is to act upon Ihem at a time and under
circumstances'when 1 can act advisedly, and when
they can be subjected to a fair and equal and a just
imposition of duties.
I have a word to say in relation to the tobacco
question. My friend and colleague [Mr. Wise]
seemed to think that the Tobacco Convention re-
cently held in this city was but a part of the machi-
nery which was putting in play to bring about a re-
newal of the protective system. I was a member
of that convention, and although I shall not ques-
tion the sagacity of my colleague, I distinctly as-
sert that in. that convention I did not see or hear
any thing to justify the suspicion. It may be so,
but if it was, it escaped my observation, and I can
truly say that I did not participate in it. Upon
the subject of the tobacco trade the inclination of
my muid is to differ with the view of both my col-
leagues, [Messrs. Wise and Coles.] I regard the
tobacco interest of the country as suffering under
the weight of a most wanton and intolerable op-
pression at the hands of nations whose productions
we receive on the most liberal terms. How
monopoly and excessive duty in foreign countries
are beneficial to that interest, is what I have not
been able to discover. From the first formation of
our Government to the piesenttime, our constant
effort has been to get rid of this monopoly, and re-
duce this imposition upon our tobacco trade in fo-
reign countries—and yet we are gravely told that
all this exertion has been directed to effect an ob-
ject which would be ruinous to the tobacco growing
interest. It is not my purpose to enter into a dis-
cussion of this question at this time. I confess
that my information is too limited to decide with
accuracy, and to act at this time with due regard
to the great interest involved. I shall hold my
mind open to the conviction of truth, and trust that
if I shall ever be called to act upon this question, I
shall be able to do so with wisdom and prudence.
My colleague [Mr. Coles] seems to be sensible of
the great oppression under which the tobacco trade
labors in England, France, and other European
powers, and that there ought to be some redress,
but he is opposed to countervailing duties, "be-
cause," says he, "that would be legislating for
France and England," forgetting that, if the argu-
ment be true, it cuts both ways, and proves that in
the monopoly and the imposition of duties by
France and England upon American tobacco,
France and England are legislating for the United
States. Because if the imposition of duties upon
foreign productions in our own ports be legislating
for those foreign countries, then by the same process
of reasoning the proof is conclusive that the imposi-
tion of duties upon America, productions in foreign
ports amounts to legislation for us by .the powers
imposing them.
That there should be a diversity of opinion as
to the propriety of exercising the countervailing
power is not to be wondered at, but that there
should be any doubt as to the existence of the
power is to me marvellous.   The countervailing
power is the right arm of national defence in mat-
ters of commerce, and the Government that is
without it must prosecute its commerce entirely at
the mercy of other powers.   I do not now say that
it would be proper to exercise this power in refer-
ence to the tobacco trade; but I will say that, if we
are entitled to redress, this will be found the only
successful remedy.   I distinguish between a coun-
tervailing duty and one for purposes of protection.
A protective duty is always imposed upon some fo-
reign production or manufacture, tolenable thedomes-
tic article of like character to compete with it in our
own markets; the countervailing duty is always
directed to such foreign production as will best dis-
pose the foreign Government to do justice to our
own productions, and conduct our intercourse with
them upon terms of reciprocity.   The countervail-
ing duty is intended to operate abroad—the pro-
tective at home.   The countervailing system is a
harsh one, and should be managed with great cau-
tion, prudence, and discretion—never rashly. That
the countervailing power exists in this Government
is with me not a matter of doubt; but if I needed
authority to support me in this position, I would
refer to that of James Madison, whose opinion on
this subject was decided and unequivocal, as were
also those of many of his distinguished compeers.
I must confess that I  am not a little surprised at
the remedy suggested by my friend, [Mr. Csles.]
He says he would still negotiate.    Well, sir, wa
have been negotiating for nearly sixty years, and the
success has been an increase of the burdens.   My
friend says he will not resort to countervailing du-
ties.    If, then, the negotiation is renewed, and it
again fails, what is the remedy?   According to the
position of my friend,  [Mr, Coles,] submission.
Now, Mr.  Chairman, that this monopoly of the
tobacco  trade and heavy imposition of burdens
upon the article is a source of very considerable
revenue to  the powers of Europe into which it is
imported, is matter of no doubt. When, then, you
send your negotiator to remonstrate against these
impositions and demand their removal, what suc-
cess do you think will attend his negotiations when
he discloses the awftal fact that, if the negotiation
fails—we submit?   This, Mr. Chairman, is the in-
evitable position in which the remedy of my friend
and colleague places this question; and, if it be
sound and tenable, it proves most concusively, to
my mind, that we should attempt no farther nego-
tiation upon the subject, lest it should tesult, as
heretofore, in an increase of our burdens.
Thh argument, which means that we are to talk,
and do nothing but talk, reminds me very much of
an anecdote] which took place near the beginning of
the Revolution at B 'ston. The boys of Boston,
who had caught the spirit of liberty which was run-
ning like fire in the prairies along the whole Ame-
rican colonies, from North to South and from East
to West, by their songs of patriotism and their
shouts of liberty, became very offensive to 'an old
Tory who lived bard by the city. The.Tory, in
the agony of his feelings, exclaimed to some ac-
quaintances standing by, in most indignant strains,
"These boys ought to be talked to—to be talked to
hard—very hard." Now, Mr. Chairman, I sup-
pose my colleague would have our negotiators
upon this subject "talk" to those foreign Govern-
ments—to talk to them "hard, very hard;  and if
talking very hard will not do, to tell them—we sub-
mit.                                                   ,
The next subject introduced into this discussion,
to which I shall advert, is the subject of a National
Bank. Upon this topic, too, I think, the time of
this House might be spared. There is no proposi-
tion before the House to establish a Bank, nor is
there time to mature a bill for that purpose, if such
a proposition were pending. But, sir, as this ques-
tion has been alluded to, and I differ from many of
those with whom I acted in the late Presidential
election, in relation to the coDStitutionality,and ex-
pediency of sueh an institution, I feel it due to
