328
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSION GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
.26th Cong------2nd Sess.
, «hem, to myself, and to the-country, to state, dis-
tinctly and unequivocally, that I am opposed to
such an institution in any iorm or in any shape. I
do not believe that the Constitution authorizes it, or
. that the true or substantial interest of the great
body of the people requires it. When I examine
the Constitution, and find it utterly destitute of a
single word or sentiment which authorizes the esta-
blishment of a corporation of any sort or descrip-
tion.—and when I remember that the framers of the
Constitution, those sages and patriots of the ever
memorable period of the Revolution, refused to im-
part to this Government the power to create a cor-
poration of any sort or description, I feel well sa-
tisfied of the dangers which they believed would
grow out of such a power, and do not feel willing
. to resort to some far-fetched inference or deduction
from the delegated powers of the Constitution to
supply that which was promptly denied it. Nor,
sir, am I willing to amend the Constitution by judi-
cial decision or legislative interpolation. There is
but one way te> amend the Constitution, according
to the Constitution itself, and that is the only way
by which I will consent to its amendment. I am
not willing to see this country cursed with a Con-
stitution of unstable Congressional enactments and
judicial decisions. When that is the case, the sove-
reignty of the States is broken down, and the
liberties of the people trampled under foot. I take
the Constitution itself as the shield of the States and
lb* palladium of the liberties of the people, and
view with the utmost alarm and apprehension any,
the slightest, infraction of it.
Mr. Chairman, as bitterly as I opposed the Sub-
Treasury law, as determined as I am on its repea),
I am not now, and never was, more opposed to it
than I am to the incorporation of a National Bank
—such a one, particularly, as has been indicated.
I cannot distinguish, in effect, between an over-
whelming and dangerous pecuniary influence in
the hands of the Executive of this Government,
whether it be directly and openly conferred by a
Sub-Treasury law, or indirectly under the mask of
a chartered corporation. Such an institution, whe-
ther in the hands of a free or a despotic Govern-
ment, would no doubt add much to the success of
the pecuniary operations of the trading community;
but, for this benefit to the trading community alone,
we let into the gates of the citadel of liberty a
most insidious and dangerous enemy. If gentle-
men should succeed in their views and establish
such an institution, I pray Heaven that it may not
be lb the free institutions of this country what the
fabled wooden horse of the Greeks was to the un-
happy Trojans. From these remarks, my friends
will readily perceive that there is no aspect which
this question can assume that can command my
bumble support.
These, Mr. Chairman, are my opinions in refe-
rence to these questions. They were early imbibed,
*nd are too deeply rooted to be shaken or changed.
The party with which I acted in the late Presiden-
tial election as well knew my opinions on these
subjects as I did many of theirs, and had no more
reason to expect, and I am sure did no more expect,
that I would abandon them than I had to expect
they would abandon theirs. If I had changed my
course to suit the shifting current of events, ihey
would Have despised and contemned me. It was
not because! had undergone any change of opi-
nion on these subjects that I opposed the re-election
of Martin Van Buren. I opposed him for other
and higher considerations, both moral and political,
striking at the foundation of all freedom and all
free institutions—causes for which I would oppose,
and aid in overthrowing, any Administration.
The freedom of opinion is the greatest birthright
of an American citizen, and the shie'd of an Ame-
rican representative. I refused to yield it to the de-
mands of the party with which I formerly acted,
and will, if ever demanded, refuse to yield it to any
party. Thus, Mr. Chairman, you have my views
on these important and interesting questions; such
as they are, they are honestly en tertained, and will be
firmly maintained. But, sir, why should we be wast-
ing our time in these idle discussions upon mere
party questions, when there is in the distance dan-
ger of a most menacing and formidable character
which we should be preparing to meet?   As was in 
Resignation of Mr. Webster.
tlmated by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Shepard,] the ambitious designs of Great
Britain were never more clearly developed than
at this time. She governs Asia, controls Africa,
dictates to Europe, and is planting her influence
and her military posts all over the American Con-
tinent. The world is scarcely sufficient for her
grasping ambition. Does any man, who is familiar
with her history, suppose that Great Britain will
ever yield the disputed territory in Maine and Ore-
gon without a struggle? If he dees, he has more
confidence in her justice and magnanimity that I
have. For such a struggle, Mr. Chairman, what
is our preparation? Our navy almost dismantled
and disorganized—not a ship in a suitable condi-
tion to maintain the honor of our flag upon the
high seas. Where is the army, and what is its
condition? But little better than that of the navy
—our whole coast almost defenceless. While
Great Britain is making active and busy prepara-
tions all around us, and studding her Canada fron-
tiers with fortifications, we, as we have been for
the last eight year , are busily engaged in Presi-
dent-making and party manoeuvring, to the utter
neglect of every sort of appropriation. Never was
the country in a more unprotected and defenceless
condition. I warn you, Mr. Chairman, that the
tide of war is fast rolling upon us. I see it in the
distance, and it rapidly approaches—it cannot be
avef ted without dishonor upon our part. Is it not
time, then, that American statesmen had buried
their party feuds, and all harmoniously combine to
make a suitable and adequate provisions for the
coming emergency? I, for one, Mr. Chairman,
feel the necessity, and am, therefore, prepared to
commence thu work of preparation. I believe in
the wisdom of that maxim of the Father of his
country—
"In peace prepare for war."
These, Mr. Chairman, are the remarks which'I
intended to make on this subject. In making them,
it has been far from my intention to impugn ihe
motives of any party, or to give offence to any.
My object has been plainly and simply to express
my own views and place myself fairly before the
country.
RESIGNATION OF MR. WEBSTER.
IN SENATE,
Monday, February 22, 1841.
The VICE PRESIDENT submitted the follow-
ing letter to the Senate:
'Hon. R. M. Johnson, Vice President United States.
"Sm: It is the object of this letter to make known to the Se-
nate the resignation of my seat as one of the Senators from
Massachusetts, having already informed the Executive of that
State that from this day my place would be vacant.
'in retiring from a situation in which so considerable a part
of my life has been passed, I hope 1 may be permitted to ex-
press my high respect for the body of which I have been a
member, the interest I shall ever feel in the preservation of its
character and dignity, and my cordial wishes for the health and
happiness of all those with whom I have been associated,
"With much personal regard,
"I have the honor to be your obedient servant,
D, WEBSTER."
The letter having been read, Mr. Cuthbert and
Mr. Wrioht rose simultaneously, but, the Chair
recognising Mr. Cuthbert, Mr. Wright yielded the
floor to
Mr. CUTHBERT, who expressed his regret that
the Senator from Massachusetts was not present, as
he was desirous to make some inquiries from that
gentleman as to doctrines some time since put
forth by him, in which the people of the South had
a deep and vital interest, and in relation to which
it had been said the Senator had undergone some
change of opinion. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts could explain this change of sentiment
satisfactorily, he would stand better, and stronger,
and firmer with theSouth than he did now. He (Mr.
Cdthbert) had been under the impression that the
Senator from Massachusetts would have been here
to-day in person, and he had hoped, therefore, that
he could have made his inquiries in this chamber.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky wished to express, as
he did most sincerely, the deep regret he felt that
the Senator from Georgia should have seized an
occasion when his (Mr. Clay's) honorable friend
was absent from these halls.
Mr. CUTHBERT here interposed, and protested
Senate.
against the idea that he had seized the opporiunity
of Mr. Webster's absence to make the remarks
he had now done, or that it should for a moment
be supposed he had ever shrunk from expressing
any opinion he held in the presence of any man
whom it might concern. The document on which
his remarks were founded, and in regard to which
he was desirous of interrogating the Senator from
Massachusetts, had been in his possession last ses-
sion, but be had declined at thaitime to use it, and
it had been left behind him in the district. He
had directed it to be sent to him, but this had not
been done; he had since used every effort in his
power to possess himself of it, and hoped soon to
succeed. He had not known till a few days since
that it was Mr. Webster's intention to leave the
Senate before the expiration of the session. He
hoped, therefore, that the Senator from from Ken-
tucky would release him from the imputation of
being unwilling to express his sentiments in that
Senator's presence. It was impossible he could,
in this matter, be influenced by any party csnside-
rations, because, should the Senator be able satis-
factorily to explain, the effect would be rather to
weaken the influence of the party to which he be-
longed.
Mr. CLAY said that it was far from his intention
to convey the idea that the Senator from Georgia
feared to put any proper queries to his friend from
Massachusetts, or had seized the opportunity of his
absence with the view of taking any improper ad-
vantage of that circumstance; still he could not but
express his profound regret, whatever circum-
stances might have caused the honorable Senator
to choose this moment for introducing the remarks
he had made, lhat he had not chosen a more suita-
ble occasion.
Mr. CUTHBERT inquired whether it had not
been generally understood that the Senator from
Massachusetts was to be in his place to-day, and to
address the Senate previously to making the resig-
nation of his seafl
Many voices cried out, "No; there has been no
such understanding."
Mr. CUTHBERT. There certainly has been
on this side of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY said he could not answer for the Se-
nator's sources of information. That it was his
friend's intention to resign his seat, was a fact
which bad for some time been generally known, •
and had been stated in the journals of the day, and
the Senator had been here in his seat till near three
o'clock. He must, therefore, repeat the expression
of his deep, his profound regret that, at a moment
like this, when every member of the body could not
but feel the great void which had been created by
the act which had just been announced to the Se-
nate, from the ahsence of that commanding elo-
quence and that unsurpassed logic which had been
so long and so often exerted in support of the rights
and best interests of this country; in the midst of
this feeling of general regret—for he would do gen-
tlemen on the other side the justice to believe that,
notwithstanding political differences of sentiment,
the feeling was fully participated in by them—that
at such a moment the Senator from Georgia should
have deemed it becoming, and a suitable oppor-
tunity, to introduce the subject to which he had
just alluded. The day when one of the noblest
specimens of American eloquence, one of the
brightest ornaments of these halls, of his country,
and our of common nature, had retired from his
seat in the Senate, perhaps forever, to assume a
statien of still higher importance, and of still wider
influence over the future welfare of ihis land, was
certainly not a time that most gentlemen would
have selected for the purpose of interrogating him
as to any sentiments he might at a former time
have uttered. He doubted its propriety at any
time. The interrogatories to be put had no con-
nection with any subject now before the Senate; and
the practice had never been introduced into our
American halls of legislation to put interrogatories
to Ministers, as was customary in England. But
if the Senator from Massachusetts had recently in-
timated any change of opinion in reference to the
subjects to which the member from Georgia al
luded, why should that gentleman doubt his sin
cerity? On what subject had he these doubts? He
standing in his place, could be a witness for hi
