330   ___________________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.              _________       Feb. 1841
Sdctu Cong......2nd Sess.________________________Besignation of Mr. Webster._______________________________________Senate.
so emphatic, proceeding from such a man, in such
a presence, could not but maks a profound impres-
sion. These memorable words are on record
They were taken down at the time, and they have
been given to the world under the revision of the
Senator from Massachusetts himself. Here, then,
is the authentic and recorded evidence ot the deli
beiate and final opinions of that distinguí hed gen
tleman on the whole of this delicate subject, and
lUs but an act of common justice that be should
be tried and judged by them. Let the Senator from
Georgia prosecute his inquiries, by referring to
these recent and authentic proofs of the sentiments
ot the distinguished citizen of Massachusetts, and,
if they should fail to satisfy him, he will have this
further consolation, that, tnough that gentleman is
removed from this theatre of his public labor*, he
will not be beyond the reach of any legitimate in-
quiries m that higher post of duty and responsibi-
lity, his accession to which has been hailed, as the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] has just re-
marked, by the general voice of the country. He
will be happy, I doubt not, to answer any inquiries
which may be conveyed to him, in courteous and
proper terms, from an unprejudiced source My
only regret is, that he is not now here to answer the
arraignment of the Senator from Georgia, face to
Mr. CUTHBERT. None can regret it more than
I; no man regrets it one ten-thousandth part as much
I tell the Senator that I have been seeking for the
document on which I base my inquiry. Does the
Senator believe me, or must I prove it? I repeat
the assurance, that I have been waiting for that
document, and that only. But I am not so ry for
what has occurred It pleases me. I am glad I
am glad the attention of the country has been fixed
upon the fact, it cannot now escape investigation.
It will now he seen what has been said of my
much-injured State—a State I love with burning
affection. I hug her to my heart in proportion as
she is assailed and assaulted from abroad
1 say, then, that at a public meeting held in the
city of Boston, on the subject of slavery, and tor a
purpose which the South cannot approve, a cc m-
mittee was appointed to bring in a report The
gentleman from Massachusetts was. chairman of
that meeting, and one of the resolutions reported by
the committee was in nearly the very words uttered
by him on this floor I would have called on him
for an explanation before now, but I wi--h d first
to procure the document, that I might be sure I was
right It shall yet be produced, and I say again,
that lam glad the eyes of the country, the eyes
of the whole world, have been turred to this pro-
ceeding, and to the heretical opinion advanced by
the Senator from Massachusetts. Two or three
years since, that Senator carefully investigated the
subject of slavery, and in this document he declares
it as his opmtcn that ^Congress has the-consti-
tutional authority to prevent the transportation of
slaves from one Sute to another It is a case
made out, the proot snail be adduced, and it is of
itself sufficient to excite the suspicion of the South
The opinion has been spiead abroad, and it has
every where been quoted on his authority.
Now, if the Senator 1 as changed his opinion, s
he not bound to retract this expression of n? If he has
formerly expressed an opinion which he now knows
to be false and unsound, it he knows, at the same
«me, that that opinion, as hi«, has gained currency,
and that it furnishes the very form in which the
war is carried on against us, and if, under the=e
circumstances, he refuses to do justice to the Sou'h,
what must be his moral s ructure' The opinion
gams authority m bis own State, and u is piomul-
gated abroad as an opinion supported by his autho-
rity. If he knows this, and does not contradict it,
he re-affirms it And am I then to be told that the
certain vague and general expressions u ed by him
on the steps of the Capitol of Virginia avail to can-
cel all this? The cancer is spreading, it approach-
es the vital parts, the patient is m danger, and
then we are told that there is some panacea or
quack medieine which has been vended for the
cure of the disease. A Senator from South Caro-
lina put the document in my hands at the last ¡>es-
swn. 1 thought at that time of bringing up the
Senator before the people, but the document es-
caped me, and I have sought it since, with the ex-
press intention to make that use of it. I say that
the Senator from Massachusetts has set up doc-
trines which throw open all the South to her ene-
mies, which lea/e us no barrier for our defence,
and with nothing to prevent the sea from rushing
m to overwhelm us The mischief has been done
it has been done by the expression of that opinion
it must be retracted, forgiveness must be asked
from a much injured people there must be repen-
tance, add not only repentance, but reform. The
Senator must not profess to repent, and still retain
the emoluments  of sin He must not retain popu-
larity at the North for one opinion, and tell the
South that he has changed it, and holds another
I say again that I rejoice that the attention of the
world has been called to this debate The Senator
has been pledged by his friend to answer if he
shall answer and retract the opinion, then his au-
thon'y, in the degree in which it will now prevail,
and that is but a poor degree, will atone tor the
mischief he has done. If he does all he possiblj
can to counteract its influence, then he will stand
somewhat better before our people than he now
does, but if he shall not—#e know our enemies.
honorable Senators been called to order before any
motion was before tne Senate' No- for th^y sup-
posed that a piopir self-respect, and a due regard
to public opinion, would prevent Senators proceed-
ing irregularly, and therefore they had not checked
them by any rule of order, when making ixplana-
tions. They enforced rule-, to facilitate business,
but when a Senator v ished to put himself right,
was he to be checked' The Senator from Georgia
held a position, then, which demanded from that
bod? that he should be permitted to explain
Mr PRESTON hoped the point of order would
be wuhdrawn It was the uniform practice of the
Senate to permit a Senator to make an explanation,
wh°n it was thought necessary
The PRESIDENT said, under the circumstances
of the case, he should feel bound to put tbe ques-
tion to the Senate, "Shall the Senator from Georgia
be permitied to proceed'"
Mr PHELPS said, perhaps an apology was due
from him to the Ssnate, and he begged to say to the
Senator from Georgia that he was not aware that
that Senator was implicated in consequence of any
thing which had been said on a former occasion.
He (Mr. Phelps) could only say, by way of apo-
logy, that he was absent from the Senate on that
occasion during part of the discussion, he came in
while the discussion was going on, and he found, to
his regret, the Senate engaged in a discussion in
relation to the opinions of an honorable Senator,
which, it struck him, was entirely irrelevant, nor
could he discover now how a discussion respecting
the opinions oí any gentleman, who may have been
honored with a seat here, could be relevant, when
those opinions involved nothing for the action of
the Senate "When, therefore, he found that the
discussion was to be renewed, he felt it to be his
duty, as a member of that body, to interfere and to
inteniipt, if possible, a discussion tending to no
result With respect to the individual opinions of
ihe Senator from Massachusetts, if they were of
any consequence any where, it was out of doors,
yet if he had supposed that the honorable Senator
from Georgia had felt that he was implicated in
consequence of any thing that had transpirad there
01 a previous d íy, and that he felt it necessary to
ha\e an opportunity to set himself right, he (Mr
Phelps) would not have interfered. Having said
ttvs much, he might be permitted to add, if the ho-
norable Senator conceived now that it was neces
sary that he should be heard on thi  floor, he (Mr.
Phelps) would most cheerfully withdraw his point
of order, but, at this late peuod of the session, it
did appear to him that the discussion should be con-
fined to some reasonable limits.
Mr CUTHBERT said the expression used did
not convey his views, he did not (eel himself "im-
plicated," but, m the presence of the country, he
had made eertam statements which had been qtte<-
tioned, he then promised to furnish the proofs on
which his statements were based, and he now called
upon the Senate, as a matter of justice, to give
him the opportunity to furmsn his justificaron
The PRESIDENT. There appears to be a ge-
neral acquiescence. The Senator will therefore
proceed
Mr. CUTHBERT said he had an extract from
a report made to the Legislature of Massachu-
setts by a committee appointed on the subject
of slavery This was the paper which he had
s ated he had had in his hands in 1838,
the paper from which he first derived his
information must have been earlier, since this de-
bat" took place m 1837 Whether there had been
two reports, or whether the first document was not
a report of the Legislature of Massachusetts, but
from some other souire, he could not say, but,
passing that by, he beg£ed the Senate to listen to
the reading of this extract, which proved the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, who had lately left th s Hall,
to have been first named on a committee to prepara
a memorial or address to Congress, to prohibit tke
slave trade between the States.
The report of the Massachusetts Legislature, of
which this was an extract, went further thm to
place the Senator from Massachusetts at the bead
of the committee, for it cited his opinions a« these
of an ' eminent jurist and great constitutional law-
yer."   That part of ths report, however, iad not
Monday, March 1.
Mr. CUTHBERT rose and said Last week, on
the resignation of the Senator from Massachusetts,
some remarks were made by him, in the course of
which he pledged himself to prove certain points
by a document which he would produce The
only essential points to which he alluded, were
these two that the S natar from Massachusetts
had expressed and advocated this dc c rm" in certain
n solutions in a memorial, that Congress had full
power to prohibit the slave trade between the
States, and neit, that many \ears after the exprés
sion of this opinion, the Legislature of Massachu-
setts, in the course of its acion on fhp subject ot
slavery, qu >ted the sama doctrine;, formerly ad-
vanced by the Senator from Massachusetts, and
had maintained them. His course on this occasion
was «imply to produGe the document which he had
p'omiied to produce, and leave the thing with the
Senate, as the period of the ¡session, and the sUt  of
their business, would prevent him from desiring that
any thing more «hould be said.
Mr. PHELPS ro e to a point of order.    He in
quired what business there was before the Sena'e—
at present ihere was  nothing before them for the
action of the house.
Mr CUTHBERT hoped the Senator ftom Ver-
mont would not insist upon his point of order. He
(Mr Cuthbert) stood before the country pledged
to do what he now desired to do, and he inquired
whether the Senaior from Vermont would not per-
mit him to put himself in a proper position before
the country?
The PRESIDENT said the Chair was always
disposed to extend courtesy and liberality to Sena-
tors, when it was desired to make any explanation,
or when a Senator wished on any subject to set
him elf right, as in the present case He under-
stood the Sen itor from Georgia to appeal to the
courtesy oí the Senate Perhaps, according to strict
rule, the Senator had no right to enter inte any dis-
cussion, unless there was some specific question
before the Senate, but it was the courtesy of the
Senate that was now appealed to, whether he should
proceed or not, and it had been usual to extend
courtesy in such cases
Mr KING said he was fully aware that there
was no rule of order to justify this discussion Fcr
his part, he had b°en anxious and very willing that
it should have been arrested at an early period, but
it was not arrested In the course of that discus
sion, his honorable friend [Mr CdihbbrtJ made
certain statements—those statements were ques-
tioned—thty were not directly denied, but they
were questioned, and had there ever been an in-
stance of an honorable Senator—when he had
made statements which wert, questioned by any
Senator—not being permitted, at a subsequent day,
to come foiward ard make an explanation? There
never had been such an instance Was it «aid
there was no rule of order to justiiy it' Why, did
they nut allow Senators to get up and speak by the
| hour, who concluded with a motion? and had those
