332
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 184 Í.
26th Cong....2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Vanderpoel.
H. of Reps.
ble Senator from Georgia reminded him lhat en
three great occasions, according lo bis [Mr. Cum-
Bert's] opinion, which have occurred in trie history
of this country, the Senator fiom Massachusetts
and himself (Mr. Clay) have differed. Wei),
what were they? The first was the late war with
Great Butain, and it was very true that the Senator
from Massachusetts then differed from him, (Mr.
Clay.) He thought lhat Senator was then wrong,
he (Mr. Clay) thought the interest, the honor, and
the character of the country demanded that war.
The Senator from Massachusetts thought other-
wise; and the Senator from Geoigia [Vlr Cdth-
bert] was with him, (Mr. Clat.) But he would
tell them there was another war, infinitely more
disastrous to the country, and in that war where
stood the Senator from Geiraia and his gallant
friend from Ma4.<a"hmetts? He alluded to that
domestic war, which from ta  inmost recesses of
his soul he abhorred, which was commenced under
the command of Andrew Jaclson, against the
liberties of this country. Where stood the Senator
from Georgia then? Why, the Senator f,om Geoi-
gia fouaht agiinst him (Mr. Clay) and his friends
until the country stoul redeemed iiom the dangers
with which it was threatened. And where was
his friend from Massachusetts? Why, in the
midst of the fight, battling for the liberties of the
people until the cmqu'st was achieved. Wei],
was he to agree wuh the Senator from Geoigia, be-
cause that Senator agreed with him respecting
the British wat, ra her than with the Senator from
Massachusetts, who disagreed with him (Mr
Clay) about that foreign war, but was with him
in relation to the domestic contest of the last
twelve years?
But, again, they were reminded ot the case of
the compromise, and they were told that the Sen-t-
tor from Massachusetts, was willing to leave the
country to the p >sMbility oí a civil war But did
that Senatur siand aloi.e on that occasion? Whete
were the Senators from Miss un and N<>>v Yi 10
[Messrs. Benton and Weight ] Why, they dit-
lered as much from him (Mi. Ciay) about the
adoption ot the compromise as the benator from
Massachusetts ever did. Did the Senator irom
Georgia find it üifhcult ti en to co-operate with ihe
Senators from Missouri and New Yom? No, he
was heart and glove—he was heart and har.J with
them in all their measures. Weil, the third crisis
in which the Senator irom Georgia said he (Mr.
Clay) and the Senator from Massachusetts d,flared
was about Abolition. He could only rep-at hore
What he had before declared, as far as he knew
and believed, tbat the opinion, ot the Senator from
Massachuse'ts were just as much adverse to Aboli-
tion as the opinions of the S-nator fiom Georgia
himself were adverse to Abolition Tn.it there
were dangers impending over this Republic, and
would continue over it, they must disregard all the
lessons of experience and of history if they did not
believe. But lev him tell them what was the great-
est danger which threatened this coun ry in refer-
ence 10 the delicate subject to whic i ihe Senator
from Geoigia had referred. It was in ul raisin
It was m ihe uliraism oí the Sottih on the one
hand—of a small portion of ihe South on ih  one
hand, and the uliraism ot Abolitio.i tn the oiher
The course ot safety lay in a moderate, fiim, r so-
lute de'eimmatiou to maintain tne rights ot the
South—ihe just, constitutional rght-s ot the bout1',
in their fullest extern, against all attacks, not being
led off into an extreme by attacks on ihe one hat d,
or frightened it to extremes on the other. He had
been led off on tms subject larther than he had <a-
tended to have gone, oi he might have retsrred to
anothei com ldcrice of opinan ot the Senator from
Georgia and the Senator in m Massachusetts, and
adifferenceot thos< Senate io from him, ( Vlr Clay)
He might be mistaken, bu> be believed he Senatoi
irom Georgia was a meirbcr of ne < tner House m
1S24, at the passage oí the tariff act, and where
stood the Senator fiom Massachusetts iij-n? Acting
by the side o' the Senator fiom Georgia, it he were
there, and by the side of that Senatoi's fr eat s, if
he were absent, and oppo-ed to him, (td. t lay )
Why, duriDg the long course of thirteen years he
had agreed with the Senator from Massachusetts,
and differed with the Senator from Massachusetts,
during the same period he had also agreed with the
Senator from Georgia and differed with the Sena
tor from Georgia; and if the Senator from Georgia
would undertake to calculate ad the coincidences
of opinion and the diff re&ces in that period, he
would work out a far more difficult problem than
a friend of his (Mr. Clay's) in the other House
had undertaken, m an attempt to prove that Ver-
mont, and not Kentucky, was entitled to the honor
of "ihe Banner State "
Mr. CUTHBERT .nought it hardly necessary
to reply to the Senator Irom Kentucky, or he
should be drawn to give importance to that which
was not eniitled to so much consideration. The
honorable Senator's subsequent remarks were in-
audible at the Reporter's desk, but he was under-
stood to char-cieriz- something as "audacious "
Mr. CLAY rose and said. I wish to know if the
Senator applies to me? If he does, I will call him
to order
Mr CUTHBERT continued. The Senator from
Kentucky was bimselt m the habit oí using very
pro/oking language to others Now let them con-
sul' nothing but the public good, instead of con-
sulting nothing but the excitement of factions, and
when thr Senator from Kentucky learned proper
courtesies towards his opponents, he should meet
with nothing but courtesy from him, (Mr. Cdth-
beet,) and not till then.
Alter some further remarks by Mr. Cuthbert
and Mr. Rives
Mr. WALKER spoke at some length, beng
drawn into the debate by the allusions or honorab'e
Senators to the Mr-srssippi case th n pendns in the
Supreme Court, into the merits of which he entered
with some minuter-ess.
After a few observation's from Messrs PRES-
TON, CLAY, CUTHBERT, and BUCHANAN,
Mr. WRIGHT appealed to the Senate whether
Ihey would not take up ihe appropriation b il-.
which were ready to be passed, for that purpose he
would suggest lhat the Senate should take a rece«s,
and met-t again at 5 o'clock
Tins w<<s agreed to; and the Senate then adjiun -
ed until 5 o'clock.
.________________i________
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
SPEECH OF MR? VANDERPOEL,
or NEW YORK,
in the House of liep eienlalwss, Mbnday, February 1,
1841.—in Committee of the Whole on the Trea-
sury note bill.
Mr VANDERPOEL said, he did not ptnpote
to lake a pa.t in the discuss on of the bill under
consideration from any apprehensicn tliat it wo .Id
net pas He was very sttre-, if ihe tit-e should
ever come «hen we could get a vote u iou i, k
wou'd pass, and that, too, by a most deeded majo-
rity. At the sarre time, it seemed to be regarded
by one side of the House as furnishing a fit occa-
sion for keeping up a constat t fire upon an out-
going Administration His connection with the
committee that leporltd the bill, and not a disposi-
tion to inflict i long speech onrAis commit ec, lem^t-
ed him to m.-oke enough of its time arid attention
to enable him to answer a. few of what he deemed
the unfounded stat nv tits an i wild «p-cula* ons of
some of ihe gentlemen who had already *dcre sed
he committee.
Complains hud and deep had been uttered
against me Secretary of the Treasury, because be
had not given seasonable and more expnctt warn-
ing in his .iniiual reports ol his ¡mention to apply
to pa foi lea/e to issue Treasury noie. The gen-
tleman fiom Maine [Mr. Evans] had race thai in-
sinuated that thest annual jrpons had esnally pre-
sented a moscfiir and flattering state of things, since
a ttsort to Treasiry notes for relief i ad been
¡asciionab e, became t ley were punted by thousands,
cuhted through the whole of this extended coun-
try, and read by ever/ ¡nqivnng citizen, and that,
after the session was welt advanced, and not till
then, would the Secretary tntima'e the probability
of his requuing relief. Tms was net rnly im-
peaching the . cuon, but the motives, if not the ve-
racity, ot the Secretary; and Mr. V thought that
common justice required that gentlemen should be
«ell convinced that such allegations were mcon-
troverttbly founded in truth before they ventured
to make them. He had, last year, when a similar
bill was under consideration, showed the injustice
of a similar charge, by reading a few paragraphs
from the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury; and justice to that faithful officer re-
quited htm to call to the recollection of the hono-
rable member, who bad now accused the Secretary
of this sort of dising«nuousness, a iew passages of
the Secretaty's annual report.
In page ten of the document to which he had
just teferred, the Secretary uses the following very
expl'cit language:
"It will be observed, however, that though, under either oÍ
these arrangements, enough might be obtained within the whole
of 1811, for the objects contemplated, yet not a due or suffi
dent pioportion m tne fust quarters, became, by that time,
allane measures are nothktly to go into full operation, noi much
of the anticipated increase io happen in the actual receipts of
duu s under exi  ing 'awa unusually heavy expenses will
also fait on that quar ei 11 the n<*xt >ear In addition to a full
pouioi ol most ol the curient expenses, and the whole of the
pension payments for the first half of ihe yeai, and one third
olainillionoi rnoie for alt the annual fishing bounties, there
will be imposed on it most of th" chaiges for the whole year
connected with the stss on of Congress and private bills, as well
as laise payments foi taking tfe census, and for the first m-
sialnrm ot tne debt oi this district, several of them as early
esen as thefnst elay o! January
"From these circumstances, and the consideration that all
which is due fiom the banks may not be then paid, and lhat the
balance in theTreabUiy, undei the poticj adopted by Congress
ol late years will, of necessity, be small, while the fluctuation^
andmequaUues are vevy great between the receipts and expen-
ditures in different portions of the year, to which we are con
stamly enpostd from causes that have, on former occasions,
been explained at length it must be obvious that entire safety
requires a condinonat power to be seasonably confened on the
Executive to obtain, at any time within 1811, such subsidiary
mean*, s may be needed lor a lew months, and as may be suffi-
ciei t to enable the lieasuiy punctually to dlschaige, during
t it yi-ar, ad the Inbi mes imposed oy Congress "
Now Mr. V. appealed io mose gentlemen who
had been so ready to charge the Secietary of the
Tteasury witb a wint of candor, whether th'y had
sustaired the charge. He tell-, you, in language
as expl cit as ho con d s-ed employ, that safety re-
quires a conditional power to be not only conferred,
but 'seasonably'" oonferred on the Executive, to
obtain m oh subsidiary means as may be suffi tent
to enable the Trea ury punctually to discharge all
the liabilities imposed upon it by Congress. What
more emphatic tie tífication do you require of his
apprehended wants—of the necessity of your sea-
sonable interposition to secure the means nece-sary
to discharge with punctuality and fidelity all
ihe liabilities of ilia Government? Do you
want htm to "hit the bird in the eye," in the
suggestion of a remedy? to tell you in so
many words, that he will want Treasury
«o/fs? Now he has not said enough to su t you;
but had he told you that "Treasury  <*s" were the
p opet remedy, he would have said entirely too
much. Then would we have sjen gentlemen bris-
tle up, and repel with most terrific indignation,
such an impudent specimen of Executive dictation.
Then wouli they have said, and with mnch pro-
priety, too, that it was enough for the Secretary to
tell us that the disease existed, and that it was the
sole province ot our wisdom to determine what was
the appropriate remedy; but now, u suited tbeir pur-
pose to say tbat tha mere annunciation, m plain
¡¿ngu-sge, ot the wants of the Treasury, was not
enough; that the Secretary ought to have gore one
s ep larther, and told us wh<u was the suttaole re-
medy. To satisfy gentlemen, th n, seemed to be
out of the question, if the Secietary go to the
very ver^e of his constitutional duly, he does not
go far enough; and if he should s ep one inch over
it, and presume to entrenen upon our high prero-
gatives, then is he guilty of impertinence and usur-
pation, highly derogatory to our rights and dignity.
It had been said lhat the fnends of the ou going
Administration seemed actuated by a niggardly
spirit in regard to the amount of sustenance and
support w.iteh they proposed to measure out to
their successors. He was sure our adversaries did
Us injustice, in entertaining this supposition.
We know tro well the men who are soon to be in
th° ascendant; how hungry they are, how impa-
tient for the spoils, to have it in our hearts to mea-
sure out to them a stinted allowance. It is our
purpose, before we deliver the ass-ets over to oursuc-
cessors, to fill the crib reasonably fall; but whether
any reasonable portion of liberality would suffice
to fill it full enough to satisfy all the lean, lank,
