Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S3S
26th Cows --2nd Sess.     ____
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Vanderpoel.
H. of Reps.
hungry, spoils-renouncing patriots who intended to
fatten upon public bounty, must be a matter of
deubt to all, who see how extravagant are  tne
hopes, and how numerous the army which is rurh-
iBg to the manger    At the same time that we
should be willing to make the incoming  Adminis-
tration a liberal allowance for its sustenance and
support, it should not be done with such liberality
as would be apt to conduce to extravagance and
prodigality-    When young meneóme into the pos-
session of their estates,  it  were always well for
them fo be at first restricted in their po^er to spend
and squander.   The fact of hivm?, all at ence,
too much money under  their control,  oftentimes
leads   them into extravagances and vices, from
which a more judicious  and restricted allowance
would save them.    Much additional weight 10  the
natural force of this latter consiiier.it on was added
by the faet, that the past habits and well known
principles of those who were soon  to  assume  the
admimstiation ot the Government, aftorded no very
satisfactory pledge that public economy stood veiy
highmtheirodJrflcgueofvirttes.   Is not this evi-
dent from the Larden of the song of  the cham-
pions   of   the    new   Administration,   who   have
addressed   the    commit'ee,   frota    the    vigorous
and   mo5t unnatural  effort   they  have made to
prove, in die very teeth of all authentic evidence,
that   there   is   already   a   publ.c debt of many
millions of dollars, for which immediate and  per-
manent provision should be maje?   To  prove tins
seemed to be the primary object of the three ser t'e-
men Neckais of the Hou e,   [Messrs.  Barnard,
Bell and Evahs ]    But what was quite amusing
to him wa^, to beho'd in these honorable members
such a complete harmony of purpose—such  an
identity of object, and at the same  time, such  a
striking di crepancy in the mode and means of at-
taining their end.    His honorab'e coUeaoue [Mr
Barnard] who seemed rather bolder n figures ?nd
calculations than either of his distinguished copdju-
tors, had cyphered up, to his oi n entire apparent
satisfaction, a  debt of forty   mil'ions of dollars!
The oiher two gentlemen had  b^en a hule more
modest, but t^e roads thsy   travelled, to  rea<>h the
object for which they started, wore as disimilar as
were generally the ways of travellers who, in the
fulness of their own self sufficiency, chose to repu-
diate the guides and landmarks which conio'ed
the direction of the more wr-e and docile.    Before
the three gentlemen started  upon their common
voyage    to    discover    and    fish   for   a   pabuc
debt,   it    would   have    been   well    for   them
to   have   compared   notes   and   briefs,   agiecd
upon   the    regions,   they   should   traverse,   and
the direction they would  pursue to reach a com-
mon destination    Then, perhaps, would not iauh
in the existence  of the object of discovery have
been weakened, as it had been on this occasion, by
discordant accounts of its nature and character on
the part of the learned navigators who professed
to have found it.    He would, in another part of
his remarks, present m a more s'riking  manner
than it was in order here to do, the diflerences of
the three honorable gentlemen, who hid striven ¿o
hard on this occasion. From their strained and most
unnatural effort to invalidate the testimony of 'he
fiscal officer of your Government, wbooe duty it
was to know whether the nation was or was not
eharged With   a   heavy debt, he bad sometimes
thought that they might feel a joy at the discovery
of a debt, proportioned to  the  benefi s toxiheh
they supposed it might lead     It so,  it was rot
surprising, if they felt an  anxiety to demonst ate
its existence, corresponding  with their high esti-
mate of is utility.
Mr. V. sa'd he was sure that at leabt t<ro-
of the gentlemen who had preceded him >n
this debate, [Messrs. Barnard and kviNs]
were the advocates of a National Bank, a
high piotective tariff, and of a tiansftr to 'he
States of that portion of our revenue which exists
m our rich public domain; and it would he in ac-
cordance with a mo«t familiar law of our nature, if
Upon very slight, and to unprejudiced minds, unsa-
tisfactory evidence, they should be ready to adopt
the conclusion, that the nation was already stag-
gering under a heavy debt. It would be according
to the principle, that our convictions ar« too apt to
run  with our wishes.   The honorable members
well know, if they know any thing, th>>t they might
cteate as many National Bank charter as ihey
pleased, and ihey could never g t the stock taken
up  «.ltnout the aid of a national debt; that Con-
gress  must not only create the mould, the charter
for a bank, but must also furnish the mians, the
metal or liquid wherewith to fill it.   A bank, with
a cjpi'al of between fifty and seventy-five millions
ot dollar , seemed now 10 be deemed indispensable
by  the  bank-adoring party,  to which the rem. ot
Government were soon to be committed.   In the
absence cf a public  debt and Government stock,
tthere are jougomg to get the means of filling it up1?
TiiTeis not enough of surplus and unemployed capi-
'al IK   this  countiy, for so gigantic a purpose; and
forer n   cap tahsts   have   had  too   recent   expe-
rience of   the   sad   iffects  of   their   connection
wuh  "a Bank cf the United Slates," tobe  willing
again   to commit their fi rtunes to  its care   and
keeping.     Our  repeated suspensions   and revul-
hubs were not very well calculated lo inspire con-
fidence on the part of foreign capitalist" in Ameri-
can  m?es m?nts    Can it  be  bedeved that  they
wid  invest in the stock of a Bank to be managed
by a few individuals, over whom thsy have no di-
rect control, and who may  be entire strangers to
thcrr, when they can purchase your good six per
c-nt. State stock  at a handsome discount?   When
ah this was so palpable to the most superficial ob-
server, it «ould not be wonderful it tne National
Bank pur'ion of this House should look upon a
permanent national dfbt with sen'im-nts of favor,
knowing,  as ihey did,  that  their   pet Mammoth
Regulator could have no  other reliable nursing
mother.
Bu', sir, there are oiher objects near an-1 dear to
the hearts  of the part    wh ch is soon to be m the
ascendant, to the a'ta<n«r>ent of whicn, the imme-
diate,   actual,   cr   seeming  ex.stence   of   a   na-
tional    debt    '¿as   nidi«pens?b'e.    The    decree
has  already  £one   forth,   fiom a quarter   which
we   are bound  to   regaid as   more   than   sem>-
offiei?l,  that an extra session of Congress must
be called.   Th's cannot be done, with any thing
like grace, without the necessity of picnd ng for
sjme press  g financial emergency.   The danger of
war not being imminent pnough to justify a call of
Conarcss, seme other pretence must be fabricated;
and what is so easy as to question the ability of so
cumbrous a machine as the Treasury Department
o" th s Gover'im nt io meet its enpvgemertsi  Col-
lecting and disburs'ng between twenty and thirty
mdh.ns of do lar  per year, with so many objects
of expenditure, whtc'i the imagination of ultra
bankites, tarifhtes, and distributions, can increase
and mcrea'e, m proportion to their ex'ravagant e -
fmate of the requirements of "the public good and
general welfare," it would not be extraordinary if
tne  heated fancy of gentlemen, so eag'r to con-
vince themselves and  others that all is not wel1,
should discover, to their own enure satisfaction,
that this machinéis out of gear.   Th  three emdit 
and astute fina* c ers who have filed their articles of
' impeachment" against the S*cretarv of the Trea-
sury,   no   doubt  imagine    that   th°y   have   de-
monstrated   this  fact, and   thus   created  i iar
pretext ioi  an  extra   session.    He, Mr. V. had
already lued long enough  to know,  that when-
ever a party movement was resolved upon, it never
failed for want of a pretext    There was much of
point and wisdom in the familiar saying, that the
man "who wan ed to kill a rabid am t1 could ii-
«aisfindas ick ' So the politicians who wanted an
fxi'a session for the purpose of hurrying on  mea-
sares which th°yf"ared would  lose ground in  the
public mind from postponement and discussion,
wou'd surJy not fail of fhe'r purpose for want of
a reason; aid it would be strange, indeed, if that
reason was  not the  alleged result of the folly or
wiekednessof the past Administration—an inability
to  keep  the wheels of  Government  in  motion
through the ysar because of financial embarrass-
ments.   Your pretext for an extra session is an im-
poverished Tieasury, which will render it difficult
to <*et through the  year without   additional   aid
This "aid Mr. V. was the pretended, but was not
the true moving cause of an extra session of Con
gress     Tne party so lately'victorious were too
inpatient to wait the natural course of time for
the execution of those measures (of abominations,
av he believed,) wh'ch they intended to fabten upon
the country.   The Independent Treasury law must
be instantly repea'ed, because, it  you give it ano-
ther jeai'  chance, fairly to try its operation, all
your prelicnons as to its disastrous effects will be
talsified,  the public lands muU be divided among
the States to advance t^e interests of speculators in
Siate stocks, credit-system bankrupts, and Eastern
manufacturers, Bntish capitalists, and some other
fpvored association*, alwavs excepting the people
atlirge—the working, unaspiring, quiet, tax pay-
ins portion of the community; outfits must be pro-
vided f r new missions abroad, or for new minis-
ters to be appointed instead of old and recalled
ose', as a rewa-d for partisan service, and as a
pledge of the sincerity of yourselves and your chief
in fulminatin? such repeated denunciations against
tie odious "sjjoiZs   system"  and last, though  not
least, a huge National   Bank  must be chartered
to complete the  subjection of the   freeborn people
of this country to the money power of England
and America    These are the choice b'essmgs, the
"meisure s of relief," you now contemplate, and
which you are  too eaaer to usher into being, to be
willing to defer their consummation, until the peri-
odical meeting of the National Legislature.   A
special sess.on of Congress must be convened  with
8 view to  th°se gigantic measures.   Why not deal
candidly with us, and tell us that these constitute
the necessity for your called session?   Why, still
further persist m your  non-committal and  hvpo-
critical game—protessing one motive, and actuated
by another;  professing one object, and actually
¡"irnug at another'!   Why preach to us volumes
about t^e ronJi ion of the Treasury for the coming
\e>r, when   the wants ot   the Tieasury, real or
imaginary,   cons'itate the least of all your anx-
ieties,   when   ycur    true   object  ¡s,    te    hurry
through measures which you had not the manliness
to avow dunns  the canvass which preceded your
trump1].   Mr. V. said that, weie he nothing but a
pi"tisan, and had nothing but the good of party in
Yt*w, he would not deplore an extra <e«sion, called,
as  it  would be, if called at all, for the purposes
which he had already  indicated.    Let the  trium-
phant pany m^et here during the scorching months
o" June or July, before the exacerbat on of feelings
consequent upon recen' disappointment had sub-
sided, and, his word for it, very few weeks would
exhibit it in a light which its very few disinterested
friends would have cause to deplore.    Distractions,
divisions, and heartburnings would be the order of
the day.    We have already heard the rumbling
e hoes which precede the storm.     We knew, full
well  knew, that the discordant, heterogeneous ma-
te-ials of which this  party  was composed, fore-
boded a certain, if not a speedy dissolution.    We
knew that the strict constructionist of the South,
and the   extreme,  reckless latnudinarian  of the
Nonh, could not long labor toge her m peace in the
same vineyard    Tno"gh opposite elements may
hive  coalesced for a temporary object, we knew
thpt the Abolition si of'he North and the slaveholder
of the South could not long harmoniously jog on to-
gether m the same pa'hway; bu'we hardly expected
such early and dee ave demonstrations as we have
already  beheld.    We were   quite confident that
once in possession of the Grvemment, you could
no longer play a General Mum—mere log cabin
and hard cider—g&mr; that taea   you would  be
obliged, not only to show, but lopnctice your prin-
ciples; that stepped ot your coor-skia covering
you- jnrmg and wcohe-ive elements would stand
out in their original and most por entous naked-
n<"s ; and that soor-, very soon after their exposure
to a cneated and a humbugged people, it would
be our privilege, upon the door of some deserted
l.-g cabin, erected peradventure by dandies and
bank bought satelli e=>, to inscribe your epitaph in
something like the following  sentiments-    " Here
stands a memento of bank, hard cider, Whigery of
1840.    Having triumphed by concealing its princi-
ple , it expired the moment necessity led to  their
avowal"    Yes,    depend   upon    it,    gentlemen,
yours is not to be the privilege of resting upon abed
of roses, extra session, or no extra session.   Your
troubles  are  now just  commencing, and from
