336
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Wise.
Feb. 184 i.
H. of Reps.
of the "great tmpeacher" were vulnerable and fal*
lacious in the extreme'?
But while noticing the grounds upon which the
reports and statements of the Secretary were at-
tempted to be impeached, he would proceed to
another ground of impeachment, assumed by
another of the impeaching parties He meant the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr Thompson ]
That gentleman contented tumselt mainly with
general and sleeping denunciations against the
Secretary of the Treasury. This was a much more
convemen*, and much le«s hazardous, mode of at-
tack, than was a descent to mmutiaa and figures
Besides, the gentleman from Srath Carolina, not
hailing originally from "Down East," it was not
his privilege to play quile so bold a part at mere
guessing as was acted by his two Yankee coadju-
tors, [Messrs. Barnard and Evans ] I listened to
this speech with great anxiety, hoping that he
would make at least one plunge into facts and
figures, feeling pretty well assured that he would
lay himself open to me if he ventured one single
step out of the more easily tilled 6eld of wholesale
denunciation. He did make one sally, and here
it is:
"We are informed (says the gentleman) by the Secretary,
that the amount of unexpended appropriauons which will be
called tor m the next year, la three millions seven hundred and
forty nine thousand dollars Here is a subsisting charge upon
the Treasury to an immense amount There is no evading it
It is not even looked to in the estimates It must be met, and
yet no provision i  asked for it Is it not sui prising, that with
this habitual want of forecast to see future calls upon the Trea
 ury, and when seen, a want of candor to say so, that our Trta
sury is always straitened "
Now, sir, what impression do these remarks at
first blu«h have upon the cur«ory reader'    Why,
that there is to be a charge of three millions seven
hundred and forty-nine thousand dollars upon the
Treasury m  1841, which the Secretary has most
culpably  omitted   to   mention   in   his   estimates
of    the    wants   of    the   Government  for   that
year.   Sir, the answer to this article of "impeach-
ment" is as triumphant and conclusive as were
those applied to the items and charges already con-
sidered.   This sum of $3 749,904 is mentioned in
page 8 of the report of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, as that portion of the outstanding appropriations
of former years, which was proposed to be applied to
the service of 1841  In the same page the Secretary
*ays, that the whole amount of outstanding appro-
priations at the close of the year is estimated at
$10,549,905, and that $3,749,904 is proposed to be
applied to the service ot 18 41     I challenge the gen-
t eman from South Carolina to show an instance in
the reports or doings of any Secrstary of ihe Trea-
sury since the formation of the Government, where
the amount of outstanding appropriations proposed
to be expended in the succeeding year, has been
"estimated" or alluded to in any manner or place
other than that in which Mr. WooiUury has men-
tioned  this, viz    «. the body of his annual report.
You will in vain rummage all the detailed estimates
of each Secretary   from the days of   Alexander
Hamilton,   for   the    iteirs    of   unexpended  ap-
propriations roposed  to  b  expended in any one
year.    It is, Iprepeat, always placed where the Se-
cretary has this year placed it, in the body of his re-
port    The misplaced declamation of the honorable
member upon this topic is pretty conclusive evi-
dence that he is unaoqi ainted  with the history and
yearly operation of these outstanding appropria
turns.   Had he applied bis intelligent mind to the
ascertainment of facts, and not contented himself
with a strain of  mere   general denunciation, he
would have learned that these outstanding appro-
priations, in any two consecutive }ears, are gene-
rally found to balance each other, that is to say, if
$3,749,904 of the appropriations of former years
shall be expended in 1841, there will, m all proba-
bility, remain of the appropnations made by Con-
gress at this sesión about the same amount unex-
pended at the close of this year    For this reason,
no doubt, all Secretarle1? had omitted to include m
their estimates of wants for the year, the amount of
unexpended appropnations proposed to be expend-
ed in that year    It scemed, th«n, that the arrow
which the honorable gentleman levelled, as he sup-
posed, with such deadly aim at the Secretary, had
fallen harmless at the feet of its object, and while
the former remain unscathed, the lat'erbad the un-
enviable satisfaction, of standing convicted of a
gross error, in the very responsible attempt to
impeach a most faithful officer of the Government
Mr V. said, it would not, m his opinion, be un-
profitable, if he detamed the committee a moment
longer on ibis subject of outstanding appropria-
tions. Much had been said about the Administra-
tion having, the past year, "shuffled off' the law-
ful claims upon the Government, in order to se-
cure to itself ihe mem of confining its expenditures
within its mean1.. Yet it seemed that within that
very year, when gentlemen now say f>e "stave eff"
policy prevail*? J, the outstanding appropriations
were re iuced $3,277,466 He had looked at these
outstanding amounts for the four years past, and
found them to have been as follows:
In 1838, (commencement of the year) they
amounted to   .           .           .      $14 503,483
In 1839, to        .           .           .       14,698 346
In 1840, to                                         13^27 371
In 1841, to        .           .           .       10,549,905
Reduction in 1840, $3 277,466
The old appropriations now ontstanding, it
seemed, were between three and four millions of
dollars less at the commencement of 1841, than
they were at the beginning of 1840. The Secretary
of the Treasury now, in his estimates, a«ks for
nearly two millions less of new appropriations,
than the amount expended in 1840. How can you
then, unless you select new objects of expendi-
ture—objects not embraced in the estimates__ex-
pend as much as you expended m 18407 If the
peace of the country should be preserved, it would
not be possible, consistently with Democratic prac-
tices, to expend more than was recommended by
the Secretary, but if the givmgs out of the gentle-
men on the other side, as to what General Ham-
son':, administration was expected to accomplish
formed any criterion as to what was actually to be'
done during his term, then could we, indeed say
with certainty that the Secretary'> estimates w'ou'd
fall far short of the wants of the Treasury If an-
o her class of pensioners was to be created__if an-
other system of interna! improvements was to be
successfully undertaken—if speculators on our
lakes, bays, and inlets, w«re to be permitted to
draw millions from the Treasury, nnder sp-cious
pretexts for constructing harbors for the protection
of commerce—if the prodigality inseparable from
the course of policy sketched an<3 prayed for bv
his colleague, m the concluding parts of his speech,
was to be the crownm? g'ory of General Harrison's
admmistratien—then was it, indeed, idle to talk of
an expenditure of twenty, thirty, or even forty mil-
lions of dollars per year. The wants of the Trea-
sury would then be commensurate with ihe illimita-
ble and countless objects of expenditure which the
Constitution of the extremest latitudinanan em-
braced.
The Secretary of the Treasury informs us that
the current expenses of 1840, that Is, the ordimry
expenses of the Government, exc'usive of the re-
demption of Treasury notes and the interest of the
debt assumed for the Dis'nct of Co'umbia, amount,
ed to             -           -           -           - $22,489 349
He estimates the current expenses for
1841 at     -                                        19,250 347
Difference           -           -   $3 239,002
The gentlemen on the other side seem to scout
the idea of their being able to administer ihe Go-
vernment in 1842 for less thin it cost m 1841,
thouch the expenditures for 1839 were reduced six
millions of dollars, and a further íeduetion of about
$3 000 000 was made in 1840 It seems fhej now
fancy that th  minimum point has been attained,
and that pll further savins: is out of the question,
nay, they even ridicule the advice or suggestion ot
the Secre>ary of the Treasury, "to push a vigorous
economy," andwith an air of great triumph ask,
where this economy cm be applied1! How changed
their lone already' Before the election, how con-
stant, how deafening, he promises of "reform and
retrenchment " Already, so soon aftsr the victo-
ry, have they ceased to be virtues m the estimation
of those who, only a few months since, were so
free \n the promise of them.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr Wise] stands
"solitary and alón " in preaching the same doc
trines with which he edified *he peop'e before the
election. His brother '• Whigs" seem, already, to
have gone back to their first love—to their consti-
tutional predilection for a liberal expenditure and a
splendid Government. Yes, the Secretary of the
Treasury was literally laughed at when he ventured
to suggest a single head of expenditure under which
a saving might take place, without prejudice to the
public service In his annual report be ventured
to made the following remarks:
' It is believed, that the ordinary expenses of 1841 ought to
fall some millions belaw those m 1840, as the pensions have dl
mished by deaths, fewer Indians remain to be removed several
expensive buildings have been mostly finished, and hostilities
with the Seminóles must be nearer to a close "
These remarks had formed the subject of severe
animadversion with  there of the gentlemen  who
had preceded him in this debate [Messrs Bernard,
Bell, and Ewing ]    The gentleman from Mame
[Mr. Ewing] had told you that, under these heads,
no more than the fallowing sums could be savsd:
On pensions                        .            . $200,480
For removal of Indians     .           .     56,710
On public buildings             .            .   203 000
Seminole hostilities             .            .    300,000
Total   .           .           . #760,190
Mr V said it was evident that the Secretary of
the Treasury did not intend to put forth the above
as the only heads to which a reduction could be ap-
plied; but had svidently thrown them out as some
among the many branches in which there could be
a diminished expenditure But was it true that the
gentleman from Maine had stated all that could be
saved under the above heads? He, Mr. V. could
net believe that no more than $200,480 could be
saved on pensions. This small amount did not ac-
cord with the well established, and so generally
prevailing idea, that these time honored relics of
the Revolution were all on the verge of the grave,
and fast paying the debt of nature. The whole
number of pensioners, as reported by the Commis-
sioner of sPensions, is 44,394 The wbele number
of deaths, as reported by him, is only 1,605, less
than four per cent, which exhibits a mortality en-
tirely too limited to command our belief It is well
known that the Commissioner founds his report of
deaths upon information received from pension
agents in varfous parts of the country. These
agents could not, at the end of the) ear, knotv half
of the deaths that had occurred within the year.
They were not required to take any special pains
to ascertain them, and it was not strange if the
agent at Al^an> did no , very soon, hear of the
deaths of old soldiers, who resided in the counties
of Erie and Chatauque To found a reduction of
this branch of expenditure upon the mere reports
of the agents, was, therefore, entirely madmissi-
b'e Nor, was the addition which the gentleman
from Maine conceded sufficient He had other da-
ta that enabled us to approximate nearer the truth.
Prom ihe report of the Commissioner of Pensions
it «perns that the expenditures under all the acts in
1839 were                 .           .            .    $3 090,664
That in 1840, they were       .            .     2 048 663
Difference m one year,                 $1,042 001
So  on public building     the  gentleman  admits
that there can be saved .            .       $200,000
He has, hovever, forgotten to add for
marine hospitals     .           .            .          20,000
Light-houses .                       .            .          92 000
For buildings m Territories   .            .          48,000
Making           .           .           .        360,000
The last three of the above sums were all ex-
pend^ in 1840, and nothing of a similar charac-
ter was included in the estimates for 1841. The
gentleman, then, as to public buildings, reached a
little more than half the amount that could actually
be saved, and this was coming much nearer the
mark than these high impeaching parties general-
ly attained. Last year $350,000 was appropriated
for the gradual improvement of the navy This
year there would probably be no appropriation
for this purpose, at  there was now no law requir-
ing ¡t. Besides, within the last year, all the re-
mains of old appropriations for the Cumberland
road, harbors, rivers, and foris, had been expended.
Among the estimates of expenditures, you Will fiad
