338    _________________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. __________________Feb. 1841.
26th Cong......2kd Sess.__________________Treasury Note Bill—Vanderpoel.                                                       H. of Reps.
be made; and no member of any party has ever
been patriotic enough to rise in his place and de-
nounce this prsctice. It was all considered right—
aeqliiesced in by the good men of all panics; but
how soon are the sympathies of honorable gentle-
men for ,the "poor laborer" on the public works
awakened, when, in consequence of the legislation
of Congress, payment for his voluntary labor has
been postponed for a few mon h«. Th« last ses-
sion of Congress did not terminate till after the
20th day of Jaly. On about the last day ot tbe
ses"ion, an appropriation bill passed which con-
tained a provision authorizing and requiring the
President to postpone the appropriations lor sertain
public works, if in his estimation the condition of
the Treasury require it. In October last, appro-
priations for some oí the works were, in a mea-
sure, suspended. Still laborers, upon some of them,
insisted upon going on, preferring to labor on and
take the chance of getting their pay, as they had
always been accustomed to do during the long ses-
sion of Congress, to being left wholly idle and wuh
out employment. Cirtificates of the amount due
them lor their labor were given,payab'e, the most
of them m January, 1841. Preyed by their ne-
cessities, some of them got them discounted, by de-
ducting the interest, not to an uncertain period—to
one that might never arrive, as they had voluntari-
ly been wont to do, during every long session of
Congress—but to a day certain, to which the Secreta-
ry of War had seen fit to postpone payment, un-
der a power given by an express law of Congress.
And this was the "head andjront" of the offending
of the President and Secretaiy of War against the
laborers upon the public works. This was the
great item of proof relied upon by several gent'e-
naen, to establish the fact, that a most flagitious
"slave off''' policy had distinguished the last yeai of
jhis administration. Now, he would put it to his
colleague [Mr. Barnard] whether be had not yield-
ed too credu ous an ear to garrulous informer^,
who had communicated to him information without
daring to make public their names, information too,
upon which he felt authorized to found "impeach-
ments" against a high officer of the Government.
He must here be permitted to say, that wuh all his
colleague's professions of candoi; notwithstanding
his express disavowal of any intention "to assail
the Administration or any body connected wuh it,"
h* had in his, (Mr. V.'s) estimation, done this
same Administration most glaring injustice, and
fiad confirmed him m the conviction of what he
had long believed, that those gentlemen who were
loudest in professions of fairness were generally
faintest in its performance.
Again: The Secretary of the Treasury tells us
in his annual report, that the receipts for 1841 will
amount to $24,160,000, viz:
Customs                    -           -           - #19,000,000
Lands           ....     3,500,000
Miscellaneous           -           -           -           80,000
Balance   in Trearury, January It,
1841          ....      1580,855
§24,160,855
That our expendnures'fer the jear are estimstsd
as follows;
For ordinary purposes.          -           -$¡9,250 000
Debt of the District of Columb-a     -         149 000
Redemption of Treasury notes          -     4,500 000
$23 899,000
It is said that the Secretary is wild in his calcu-
latians that our receipts will not come up to
twenty four millions of dollars, and that our ex-
penditures will far exceed §23,899,000 On «hat
ground do tbe great impeaching parties, who have
entered the lists against the Secretary, undertake
to impeach his accuracy? Why, one gentleman
tells us that his " annual guesses," have been
wofully wide of the mark; and that, therefore, his
estimates are not entitled to any confidence at our
hands. From the speeches of these distin-
guished adepts in finance, it would seem, that
in the annual estimates of th  various heads
of the fiscal departments of your Govern-
ment, no discrepancies ever occurred before
Mr. Woodbury came into office. It has become
jBtirely too fashionable smoBg those who have
any pretensions to fatiness or )u uce, to srealt of
the present Secretary oí the Treasury in terms ap-
plicable to only the Prince oí B underers The flip
pancy with which mere smaiterers in finance in-
dulge in thi  tram id remarks, has long since sat s-
fied rise that itsey are prompted to i< iolely by ihe
consideration that t( /us become fashionable. He rt-
gaidcd Mr. Woodbury asa most faithiul and il-
valuable public officer, one whose reputation, as
the fiscal head of your Government, would survive
the captious criticisms of bitter, unfair, and prtju-
diced opponents He held in h s hand a table of
estimates and receipts of the Govt rnmeni for the
last twenty-five yea.s, from which it appeared that,
with the exception of the single b'os'ed year ot
1836, the average difference between the estimates
and receipts in. re'pectto customs, had been le-s,
under Mr. Woodbury's admim tr?uon, ihan under
any administration of the finances withm that pe-
riod. In 1816, under Mr. Dallas, the receipts from
customs, were estimated at      .           .$21000,000
The actual rect-ipts from that source
were          ....   36306,874
Difference    .            .           .    15,306,874
In 1833, Mr. McLane estimated the receipts trom
customs at                                        $21,000,000
The   actual receipts   from   customs
were           .           .            .           .29 032,503
D (Terence   .           .           .   §8 032 508
This table is at the service of gentlemen. They
are welcome to look at it, and repent if they ,-ie
con^centious men, of their unjust ('enui.ciat'ons
agim t Mr. Woodbury, /or hat they Lave politi-
cally denominated his "wild guesws "
How small, after all, the discrepancy between
tha estimates and actual receipts of lait year ! In
December, 1839, tbe Secretaiy estimated Ihe re
cfipts from ordmaiy sources at          - $18 500,000
The actual receipts were       -           -    17 119 000
Difference only   -           -           -   $1,481,000
Had Ccngress, a  the Secretary lecommended,
graduated the price of the public land?, an 1 created
a fevv moie land districts, enough would, most pro-
bably, have been realized, not only to have covered
the above estimate, but to have ¡aid ihf outstand-
ing Treasury notes. But let him (Mr. V.) ask
here, whether the specimens and evidences of the
financial skill of the gentlemen who had so uncere-
moniously impeached the accuracy of the Secre-
ta^', were so striking as to give any very great
weight to their "impeachments." Quite the con-
trary, in his estimation. He trusted h' hpd al-
ready: in same measure, "impeached" the im-
peachers. He had ^hown, he thought, pretty con-
clusively, thpt the existence of a huge national debt
wos the mere dream of heated partisans; th> t the
fae's and figures put forth m support of it had been
m< st successfully turned against their authors.
Now he begged leave to cil! the attentinn of ¡he
committee to the very drcorlant character or the
means and data by which they sought to impeich
the accuracy of the Secretary. His co'!ea~uc; [ VJr.
Barnukd,] in his lable/if "--uestes" and "probabil -
l e-.," made ad the charges on the Ticvuiy foi
1841 amount to        -      "   -           - $27 569,000
And the receipts of the same year to -   20,042,618
Deficit    .---   $7,526,382
The gentleman from  Mame, in   his   table ot
"guesses"  and "probabilities," made all  tnp  de-
mands on the Trea«ury for 1841       - $31,6-5 000
All the rece.ots to    -           -           -   24,723 000
Treasury riore than four ti íllions of dollars higher
than his fellow linpeaoher' So that one seemed
to excel in cyphering up, and the othei in cypher-
ing down, and brtween two auihmeticians so ex-
pert m their rtspec ive lints, it was very difficult to
say what would bee 'me of pool Mr. Woodbury.
Tbe aggregate amount of their differences was
$8,796,382 !! The one contended that Mr. Wood-
bury'.-, estimate of receipts from customs was
much loo high; the othei admitted that the receipts
from this source would, no doute', come up to the
Secretary's estimate ; and still, with all their con-
t'adiclion , clasmng-., aid discrepancies, they
seemed to "lay the flattering unction to their souls"
that ihey had succeeded in impeaching the accuracy,
if not the mtegri y,ef lh~ Secietary of the Treasury.
Th  "self-corigratulat'ons" (f ihe Secretary, as
the gentleman ftom Maine sa-v fit to designate a
paragraph or t o of Its annual report, had formed
the subject of no Utile sarcasm with that honorable
member. The Secretary had, indeed, cause to che-
rish pride in reviewirg his official eareei. Was it
not much to the credit of that < ffi 'er, that, during
the last (our years, when individual?, banks, and
even Stal.s, had been brought inti di.honor by a
failure to meet their engagements, this Government
had maintained its credi' unimpaired, notwith-
standing two suspensions by the bank ? Was it
not tiue that the Government had, within the last
six years, paid all us current expenditures, as well
as the extiaoidmaiy ones, of Indian wars and
treaties, and deposited with the States twentj-eight
millions ot dolíais, vithout imposing any addi-
tional taxes on the \ eople; wi hout cheating a new
lundtd deb, and that, too, under the process of
biennial reductions of the taufi? Did not such a
rcvn.w fuu.ish legitimate and most abundant cause
of self congratulation'
Lastly. It was contended by the gentlemen who
had preceded him, that me deficit which they seem-
ed to imagine they had cyphered out, ought to be
supp'ied by impts'ng an immediate tax on silks
and wines. To this he, Mr. V. would respond,
that if the íeceip s fiom sources that now existed
were sufficient to carry the Government through
the year as he had attempted to prove, why should
we, a defeated party, rel.eve our victorious adver-
saras from the responsiDility, or rob ihem of the
glory, of adjusting a new tariff of duties? We all
know, sir, that next jear, there must be a revision
of the whole tariff. The work could be better
done as a whole than by piecemeals. We appreci-
ate tbe kindness and disinterestedness whieh
prompt you to ask us to share with you tbe glory of
this great work; but we are willing to forego all
the profit and honor oí an undertaking which legi-
mately belongs to you.
A tax upon luxuries—upon silks and wines—
articles consumed only by the nch. This was
quite an ad captandum proposition, but it would
be vastly mo e, taking ,:i us character, if accompa-
nied with a piop miioij, *o re íeve, in. the mean time,
fiom taxation, neces-ants consumed by the poor;
but while 3 ou pick Ine pockets ol the rich under the
w ne and snk tax, do you propose to 1 .htcn the bur-
thens of the poos in ihe same rat o? By no means.
You continue to make all yor>r present exactions
from the po->i. Glouous cbati'y and benefieence
this!! It is very like robbing the poor, and, in-
stead of making restitu ion to them, atoning Ui
your offence by robing the neb. also. There was
much force in the admonition of the gentleman
from Vir^mid, [Mr. Wist ] that we should con-
sider, well con=id?i, and paose, betore we did any
act wmch might, by possibility, dunnr-h the con-
sumpt.on of our great *tapl% cotton, in France.
He (Mr. V.) hal long looked upon the increase of
that consumption as one of the brightest piospects
of the exporting section of our eouniiy. Beware
how you int-rferc viith it. Begin not the work, in
the offenMve f rm now proposed, by singling out
for taxat on, from «mona; th* long list of iiee srti-
cle~, articles if French manu ?<tore alone. Eng-
land co"rtamly threatens to footer, to create a rival
in the Eist for t!,e growth of our great staple.
Prance bjtt> indulged in n« such unfriendly threats.
She has not held or encouraged any "world's con-
vention," to des'roy your domestic institutions Yon
will soon have the opportunity of reaching her un-
Deficit            -           -           -   $6 962 000
Now, how dtffire&t the process by which they
obtained their rep Cive results. The gentleman
fiom Maine had beaten ius colleague in his esti-
mate oí charges on the year, in the sum rf $4,116 -
000, and stil' his colleague had beJen Mm in
ciphering out a deficiency by the sum of nearly a
million of dollars! How had he done this? Why,
he had cvphered down the resources of the year to
only $20,042,382, wheieas the gentleman from
Maire admitted tnat they would amount to $24,-
723,000, but to make his sum come out to his
liking, he had cyphered up the charges on the
