March, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SS9
26th Cong°"-2xd Sess.
Forlifitation Bill—Mr. Hand.
H. of Reps,
der circumstanceii less offensive, when you come
to revise your whole tariff of duties. You will
then, if all tiie mad and magnificent schemes of
the day are to be consummated, be not only autho-
rized, but compelled, to tax silks and wines, per-
haps, far beyond the maximum of your compro-
mise bill. Yes, distribute tte proceeds of the pub-
lic lands among the Slates—raise, by duties, enough
to supply the vacuum—and you will require inore
thau twenty per cent, duty upon all imports to sup-
port your Government. And then, for the conse-
lation of ihe Southern wing of the great Whig
army, let me say that, wish Uie benefit of exchange,
cash duti-s, aud home valuation, the Yankees will
have infinitely the best of the bargain.
REMARKS OF MR. HANBv,
OF NEW YORE,
In the House of Repres n'.alives, Monday, March 1,
1341—!a Comrnmee ot the Whole on the state
ot the Union, on a bill making appropiiibonsfor ;
certain for idea'ions reported by the Committee'
of Ways and Means, on a motion to substitute
the bill íeported Dy the Committee on Military
Affai's for the one under consideration.
Mr. HAND said: he sincerely hop ?d thi substi-
tution would be made. !f it was proposed to pro-
vide foi the defences if the country, it was desira-
ble it should be done systematically. Be.-ides, in-
creasing the few woiks ¡n the bill from the Com-
mi tee of Ways and Means to ¡he additional
amount propose 1 m she bill from the CjmimUee
on Military Affairs, would result, perbap , in the
passage ot the former with ¡his augmentation as 'o
these particular, works, and in the neglect of the
others in. the last mentioned bill, thereby not only
producing very unequal legislation, but pushing
forward some stations with increased visor, while
others of aimiued paramou.it ¡mportanc1, by the
mere forms oí legis.aiion, would Ka?.m entirely
neglected. By adopting the geneial tull repored
by the Committee on Military A flairs, the founda-
tion of a system would be laid, which, when com-
pleted, would pli.cg tais n-.tion m a state of com-
parative safety. Hi knew it was usual, oi these
general appropriation rvIN, to be very diffuse as to
topics. Tae tariff, distiibutioa of the public lands,
the "great po'itical change," and various oilier
matter5, hid recently been very ltbe-ahy comment-
ed upon. For himself, he had settled views on
most of tb.3se subjects, which he would express,
should his duty call upon him to do so; but he pre-
ferre 1 in discussion not to mix up matteis so im-
portant.
Mr. H. said he was one of those who believe wc
may have war with England; not soon, probably,
but before our present difficulties with that nation
are definitively adjusted. England, if sue would,
cannot long remain quiet. She lias an immense na-
val and military power, which she supports at an
enormous annual expense, which bears heavy
on her working classes; and the people will not
long consent to that burden, if that power long
continue inactive. The "concern" requires busi-
ness. Bu , a^ain. Whoever has watched England
since the commencement of this century, may well
believe in the probability of a change in the inter-
nal affairs of that great people. The mass will,
perhaps, not always be quiescent in their present
condition. Then Government will, therefore, en-
deavor to divert them by the excitement of war—
"Lest rest, and lying still, might make them look
Too near unto my state ''
So too, in time, that high-sounding boast of
"mistress of the ocean" will become irksome to us,
particularly if it is occasionally forced upon our
recollection by a too haughty bearing or insolent
aggression. When that supremacy shall be mide
a point, then in truth the contest will be a seveie
one. Indeed, our difficulties with that country
seem gradually to thicken. That tn relation to the
Northwest Territory he deemed most important,
and when that shall be agitated, he looked for the
rupture which he thought their combined difficul-
ties might ultimately produce. Much had beea
said about McLeod. Upon that subject he did not
propose to dwell. He would only say, with refer-
ence to some strictures that had been  made here
upon the ebullition of feeling which had occasion-
ally, in times past, shown itself on the Northern
frontier, that, while he held that every man should
do nothing unbecomiag a good citizen, yet gentle-
men at a dislance from the transactions might
judge with too much severity. None but those
who were witnesses to the in:olerable wrongs done
by the exeicise of that bnll-drg spirit whien some-
times characterizes a provincial domination should
judge of (he high feeling of condemnation they
might produce. Were they in daily intercourse
with the victims, Ihey miyht perhaps allow even
good citizens to "sympathize."
But his object (continued Mr. H.) was to sp?ak
of the defences «f the country. He was for adopt-
ing some ceneral plan, the pri gress of the comple-
tion of which should at least keep pace wiih. the
resources of the country, and, if ihe emergency re-
quired it, be pressed wth.iut stmt or delay. No
plan had reco/nmended itself to his mind so much
as a system of fortifications. The question
wiih some gentlemen seemed to 1-.?. between
fortificaiioas sad an increa-e of trie Navy. He
was sri noway oppose! lo the Navy, it had
bíen, and would be again, 'he pride of the
nat'On, at:i h¿ would keep it on a respsctable
fooling. Bj: he would give a tew rea-
sons, why, in time of peace, we should
establish a lice of fortification" in preference, per-
haps, to any thing else. Bat he would :im re-
mark upon an objection no*- frequently heard,
and, indeed, s!r>mgit urged in the (leba.e on tí¡ s
question fey the gentleman from Sou h Carolina,
[Mr. Pickens,] that foi tífica'ions were becomm 
useless, owing ¡o the imrrovf.niems in the an of
war. He v.v,;, a-s-jje that soch things had been
tii'd, and pred.cv-d by semi  ,vho pretend to imder-
■ (Mr. tl.) had given the
st,vd 'he '.ubjFcl.    Bu"
subject some a.tention, and so Sad >h; vV'a- De-
pirimcnt, a" appealed -v !' * . ■!« Hu'-cments fuf-
nish-d us list se.^iou; v<^, ru.':. a.. :.~ ■• : -vcer-
tan, the ch.'-nges reudei^d fortifications more mdi.-
pensante '.¡¡an erer. Indeed, the greatest changes
appear to bs going on in naval tacies. Thi-,, if so,
woulu as web bean ragumeot upiainst the ¡ncrcise
of '.hi navy. There is another coasideralirn v.-hich
weig.;'-;d much with him; whicn is, thi.t Ecgiand,
who could not be «'.ipposed to be tviu>-h bthirid in
these improvements, ¡s at this mompnt buüdn'g new
and rc'o sliding the o'd fonressss in her North
Atnericin poísesíioss, with great care and expense,
which fhe would not do if she thought them use-
Íes?.
A system of fortific-ations, he thought, should be
adopted, because, too, it reqivred lime for their exe-
cution. Such wotks, if built efficiently, progress
slowly. Tois was n.t the case wiha navy. Ma-
terials for the latter could be provided, and when
wanted, but a short period would be required for
completion. This is fully illustrated by a state-
ment of the time and cost of repairing our navy,
kindly furn'shed him by the Department, and
which he held in his hand.
Again: the expense was comparatively small.
The Secretary of War last year sent us a general
plan of fortifications. This contained woiks in
classes, A, B, C, D, E, F. Omitting ihose in F,
which are only proposed lor some late nenod, snd
the remainder will give us mnei}-fisre forts for the
maritime frontier from Passamaquoddy to the Sa-
bine, for less ihan ten millions; fourteen forts. &c.
for the Northern frontier, for little more than two
millions; and fifteen barracks for the Western fron-
tier, costing less than one million; total, thirteen
millions. This would fOrnish the two great lines
of frontier, North and South, of this nation, with
cordons of safe fortifications for ages. The neces-
sary additional ordnance, and cne hundred rounds
of ammunition, can be supplied for three and three-
fonrlh million!-; making in all but sixteen and threr-
foutth millions. The report on these iubjecN, and
upon ihe art and science of war generally, reflects
great credit upon the Secretary and the military
officers, his co^sjutors.
It is very different wi'h the navy; the more de-
cay and increase of which, since 181G, has cost the
na'ion ihirty-one and a quarter millions. Again,
not only the expense, but another argument in fa-
vor of fortifications is their durability.    Well built,
they dilapidate very slowly, and are cheaply kept
in repair. On (he c -.ntrary, other means of de-
fence, and particularly a navy, are subject to de-
cay. By the following extract from the report of
ths Board of Navy Commissioners, transmitted to
us with the report of the Secretary of the JNavy, at
the opening of this session, it appears that the ex-
pease of keeping good our naval armament is very
great:
The estimated value of these vessels, and of the stores on
hand for iheir completion or equipment, may be stated at about
the following sums:
Vessels.             Stores.             Total.
For 1816,                 St,365,000          8735,000          $5,100,009
For 1840,                  9,825,000          6,628,346          16,453¡346
Gain,           5,160,000          5,893^46         7l,353,346
Money in the Treasury on the 1st October, 1810,         1,385,920
Showing a total gam in values of
«12,739,266
The amounts which have been available for those
objects, from 1 Si 6 to 1840, both inclusive, have been:
Under gradual increase of the navy  -         .         ■ $8,000 000
Under gradual improvement of the navy      .         .   3'897'710
Fot building and rebuilding vessels, specially         .   2^458^710
Total   -
And for lepairs and for ordnance
- 14,356,420
• 16,886,430
Making the total of available appropriations, 3i ,242 850
The increase of values, as above       -         .         . 12,739^265
deducted from the appropriation, leaves
«18,503,581
astheamouiit which has been expended to meet
the actual loss or decay, or to preserve the values
which were on hand in .'816.
This sum divided by 25 (the number of years in
eluded) gives lor th.i annual loss and decay         -   $740,143
or about l-H per cei.t, annually on the original cost
of the vessels afloat in isl6, which were fit for
nava! use.
He begged not to be misunderstood. la contrast-
ing the two modes of defence, naval and military,
he was ¡¡ot attempting to disparage the former.
Far from it. Eoth are absolutely necessary. All
he was endeavoring to show is, reasons for increa.-
ing the latter now, ii theie are means /or one only.
He believed if the system of fortifications proposed
was adopted, the country, in a short time, will be
in a fair stale of defence, and that too, without in-
volving it in debt. From a statement the War
Department furnished him last session, he found
we had 63 ves'-eb, three of which areirreparable,and
the othe-s could be rebuilt or completely repaired
for about five and a quarter milhons. So that after
the expenditure of about twenty two millions, we
should have 124 forts, &c. ami 7,248 cannon on
land, (uow 4,708) 65 vessels of war, bearing 2,036
gun^, and about 620 000 muikets, besides all the
munitions of war in the hands of the States.
But there were other reasons why he was in fa-
vor of adopting a system of fortifications. This
nation, from its position and ibe genius of the peo-
ple, will not mahe war for territory, profit, or ag-
grandizement. It has more territory than its peo-
ple can occupy, with an extensive frontier; and
that people have a national aversion to immense
armaments, large standing armies, and heavy taxa-
tion. Nor do they expect to defend their frontier
by a constant force. Upon the militiaman, well
armed, defending his own fireside, must this nation
depend to repel invasion. We shall act on the de-
fensive, aid pursue the course of onward prosperi-
ty, in the quiet piths of peace as much as possible.
May it always be so. A distinguished writer says:
"Happy the nation whose history is dull andmono-
tonou.." But if disturbed, with fort fications as
rallying points, and as convenient depositories of
arms witft Jast regulars enough to keep the forts
and their conients in order for any emergency, Ihe
rest may bs left to the freemen of the land, at least
until the nation is fairly involved in the regular
conflids of a settled war. Mr. H. said he had
great reliance on the'nuli'ia. W« have now about
one and a half millions organised, and probably at
least ihree tn llioas of our citizens are able to bear
arms, and most of them familiar with their use.
These must always be formidable to an invading
foe. Tney have indeed already pre-eminently
proved themselves so. He had, a matter of curi-
osity, made a few estimates from the battles fought
on land, during the last war with England, as gWen
in Niles's Register, Of these there were 35, and
about 70,000 Americans, and 102,000 British
troops, were the aggregates engaged. In them
about 9,300 of the British were killed aud wound
