March, 1841._______________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________________ $41
86th ConG"--2nd Sess.                                             Fortification Bill—Mr. Hand.                                                              H. of Reps.
pnation bills can accomplish much, and I will prc-
ceeed to call your attention to various fubjec's
which deserve th* n^'ice of this body and th- whole
nation. I mean to call public attention to th m.
I m'end to print what I ssy, and lay what I print
before the peop'e, call on them to real and refl-c1,
and ihen to the polls and act If the peopk wish
a real, substantial reform of abuse1-, they must first
know what they are, and then elect repre entatives
pledged to rtfoioi (hem, aid who v )1 ^qncs ly re-
deem lhcr pledges.                                 \
The first abuse c nnec ed with '\- provisions of
thij bill, via-, brought to the notice ot fa* c'vmm t
tee by the gentleman Irom Injiana, [Mr Profit ]
It consisted in the he^vy appr pnation for >ia-
tion ry, that we consume m r" paper, pens, ken
knives, wafers, &c than we ough , and tnat we do
not strictly confine ourselves. t> 'he appt cation of
the stationery received to public purposes, c mot
be doubted But, 'ir, I shall not go into the in-
quiry with a view to ascertain the preei e ex'eit of
this abuae. Perhpps it would b  impossible to as.
certain it, as no account-, are kept shown g th 
quantities delivered to eac i member, and as every
one calls for and ob'ams till he is satisfied Mmy
years since, I am told, ac ounts were kept, and
members were charged wi h the stationery fur-
nuhed them Th¿se accoun's cons i uted some
cb,ock, bat since they i ave ceen discontinued, there
is no check but that which each gent'eman'i. con-
science prescribes for himself Toe best remedy
for the evil is th-U which I sugaested the other day
to the gentleman from Is.Jwna. It ¡s to allow a
certain sum in l.eu of stationery. But, sir, I do
net advert to tins, abuse for the purpose of ascer-
taining its extent, or to surgest the proper remedy.
1 recur to it in order to nctice the character of the
remarks which were indulged a dav or twi since,
when the subject was men toned S ime gentlemen
affected to co. sider it a small corcern, a p cayun<!
affair, a matter to which the maxim de minimis non
curat lex should apply. Tn^y sermed to consider
it too contempt ble lor the attention of state^m-m a -
sembled to deliberate on great national affairs
Such swelling and blowing about elevated v ews,
such sublime contemplations ot subjects infini ely
important to the woila's welfare, which allow some
gentlemen on this floor no time to attend to little
things, ay, sir, «h ch fill them wiih uaer scoin for
trifles, present a most d gnified contrast with their
own conduct in pocketing, or ratner boxing up, the
"spoils." Their flourishing words and laudatory
self gratulations are put lorth in the vain attempt
to h'de from themselves th° kno wtedge of the abuses
they practise, and to furnish some sort of apology
for failing to do the r duty in exposing and patting
un end to th^m Sir, I have bu* little rcp—l for,
and not the least confidence m, tae man who if-
fecto to regard li'tie things as benea'h. his not ce,
especially little impropriates My observation
through life has prove', to my satisfaction, that
those who refuse to attend to hu'e abuses, are sute
to wink at enormities. I have no faith in the in-
telectual ability of toóse whose men'al and mor?l
organization is such that they affict to be incapable
of attending to s^all tl ties I have e\ef too id
them incapable of managing great affairs Napt-
leon, Wellington, and out own b'lowd and grev
Washmgtm, were me i wio paid strict attention to
the smallest ma'ter  cfcimp pole . They w^re
capable of comprehending tiat ¿ world is but the
asgregate of anms, that err t oa ties are made up
of lndividaal route ts, thit the fate oí empires a1,
be decided by th  failure to clt^ct a nat' Suoh
nvn knowthit they are great in oropo'tion as th y
are like their Creator, whose a'tentnn, we ar> in-
formed, is even dure ed to numbering tie 1 a rs of
our heals, and who take, no e of th1 fa 1 ng ot a
sparrow. Sir, I am shocked at the comDmtd litd -
ness, pride, and arrogance of men who affect to
turn up their noses at improper and immoial ac-
tions as trifles beneath their notice. Tiie p op!-
must dismiss aU such from their service, it they
would mike this Government, tn a'l i>s depart-
ments, what it should be—a li¿ht upon an eminence
illuminating the nations of the earth—a sun blazmg
in the political firmament, upon #hose disk no spa
can be found. I have seea upon this floor Mine
practical illustrations ot this elevated disregard ot
littie things I have seen additions made to the
privp'e libraries of members, by voting thousands
upon thousands to pay Ur books, to oe di.tnbuted
amona o rselve , and I have «ecn this ha *ghtv «pi-
nf, this elevated contempt fo* little things, skulk
from exp sure by refusing the yeas and nays I
have w.tnessed, } ear after year, palpable violations
of the law rela'itig to th- mileage of members, an I
I lave in vara endeavored to correct the abuse I
have witnessed efforts made by othcr. to correct it,
but all in vim It passed oy as one of those insig-
nificant affairs which the mighty mmd= of great po-
¡i'icians coul i not eondes-end to notice'
Mr Chauimn, the honor, the dignity, and, to a
great extent, the utility of Congress, depend upon
the abiding c')nfi''ence which the American people
repose in our intpcrity, m our disinterested patriot-
ism, in prar love of justice, in our practtcal eood
sense,in our assiduous dt charge of the duties of
legislator for a steat nation—a nation destined,
under the gu¡d?nce of wisdom, to revolutioaize
and amel orate the condition of enslaved humanity
throughout the world, or to demonstrate that, tn
the mtd>t of professions of evsry noble emotion
and Christian virtue, we are bu* cantme hypocrites,
se-kms: office with avidity for the sake only of its
"-poils." Sir, v e ought to clear our own skirts of
suspicion by spdulous attention to the least whis-
per of impropriety, by applying instantly the pro-
per remedy to petty abuses. Demonstrate lour re-
solut on to reform crying enormities in other de-
par'ment*, by first taking, I will not s?y the beam,
but the mote, out of your own eye, so that you may
more clearly vee how to operate upon others.
We have no time to attend to tnfl ng mat'ers' I
have known d'vs, j e->, weeks, consumed in idle
debate? upon p*e íminary motioss an! points of
order * From the perpetual d scus ion about or-
der, a sp"Cf>tor in the lobby wou'd suppose that we
were more deposed than any legislative assembly
on e«r h to observe strict order, and to do every
ting by rule Aid yet, sir, the newptper reports
of our proceedings are constantly presenting the
coantry with occurrences on this floor wh ch ex-
cite sentiments of shame and ind gnation in the
bo'oms of the people. "To day the Hon Mi. A.
and Mr. B had some shf-rp-sbooting " "Today
the Hon. Mr. C and Mr D passed >he Ite direct."
"T. -day the Hon Mr E and Mr F. had a fracas
in the Hall of the House of Representatives "
Such, ~ir, are the degrading accounts teeming from
tne pres , (and I lament fo say v ith too much truth
for our reputation,) in regard to the domgs of this
order-discussing body. I have sometimes thought
I womd take up our journals and make a careful
examination, with a view to ascertain the time lost
in debvtng points tr order and preliminary mo-
t ons Ir would result, I ha*'e no doubt, in finding
that we wiste time to a en mnal extent.
[Here Mr Cooper of Georgia said that he had
made the eompu'ation, and found that two months
of the last session had been thus consumed^]
No wonder, excla'med Mr. U that our eight
months' labor during that se^s on only brougit forth
thirty publ c and seienty private acts, making a
li tie pnm°r of e 4ht'-fi'e pages only. No wo~-
dtr we met an 1 break up, and no'htni is done.
Is it bcciusa ihe.e is nothng which ought tobe
'Amo tex raoulmaiy instance of (me wisted upon preli
mina y mi loiib <cot irel in 183" On the2t*t 01 Apni Mi
To^r^v mi-ip hi? report relative t> the duel b tweeii Mr
Gra\es am! Mi Cities aid movel thatu be postponed until
the7thof *\iav, and that l bopnnted
Vi  Rob^ttson no^ed that the íepor   le laid on the tat'V
Peitdmsf th3s raottois, the Hou f atiouined, i being Satur
(lav
On tlon lav, Mr Ro'íert^isj wk'i trew fm mo on (to lay on
the table) and move 1 to commit the lepott to a commit ee to
be "alied the Committee on P iv lesei, wi h ins rue ions to re
p ut thscourse which m then opinion it i&ptoper to iiursut
The p ques ions weie di°c i^sed daily unul the next Monday
when Mi Pickens mi\  1 that the whole be ki 1 on thMalie
His motion was negatived The questnn was then put on
postponing tltt ttie 7tti of May, and negatlted
Mi \dams then moved to recommit the íeport fo the came
committee with mstiuc ions to stake out all arsu nentatno
paits and th^re^otutions at the end of the report The motion
of Mr Adams' was amended motive! an 1 di^cassed until the
TtnofWay when Mr Sawyfr moved to In the whole subject
on the table Hi mo'ion wasne°atived On the 10th ot Mav
Mr THO^uts moved to lay the whole subject on the tabic and
h was cained
Pen 1ms the discussion Mr I av> deb di d, an' the Hotpe ob
served the usual luneral ceiemonfe, and, with that excep
tion, the whole time, fiom the Slet April to the 10th of May,
was spen< on these pieliminaiy motions.
done? No, sir, no, I am informed by the Clark
that there are at least a thousand bills and resolu-
tions upon h s table ready for consideration. There
are a great number of private claims which have
been aliowed by jour standing committees, and
which we ought to act upon. It is enough to make
the heart sick (o read the imploring letters which
claimants fiequently address to the members of this
body. I have received letters, and from females,
telling me that the claims allowed and provided tor
by such and such bills weie th ir only hope for
bread; and that unless Congress would act and
pass the bills, the poor-house or the jail must re-
reive them I have received letters complaining
bitterly that the Government failed to perform its
engagements and pay for properly actually con-
veyed to it, in consequence of which the citizen
w?s likely to be ruined. I will mention but one
case in point, and that is, ytur failure to appro-
pna'e money to pay for hospital sites on the West-
ern wa'ers, although years ago deeds have been
made for the lands se'ected. We have publ'c mea
sures of vast importance which, session after ses-
sion, and year after year, remain upon our table^
callmg for the ac ion of this House. Sir, I have
had resolutions upon your table for nearly six
years, proposing amendments to the Constitution
of the United States, and which I conscientiously
believe to be essentially necessary to the whole-
some operation, if not to the very existence, of
eur Republican institutions; and, under oar time-
wasting rules and proceedings, they have not been,
and would not be, reached in regular order for a
century to come. We originate business enough
to talk about, and then spend the whole of our
time m «peech making for Buncomb, instead of
practical action for the good of the country. These
are evils of crying magnitude. The effect of such
a course is now glaring m our faces. We are
forced, by fhi> sinful waste of time, to act upon
the appropriation bills necessary to keep the Go-
vernment m motion, at the very c'ose of the ses-
Mon, airid--t bu<tle and confusion, and when it is
impossible to deltb-rate in regard to the millions of
money we are plscmg in Executive hands I men-
tion these matters to show that those who affect to
be above attending to trifles do not act upon affairs
of magnitude, except in the way of talking about
them And we talk about every thing, when in
committee, except the business before us, as this
debate fully proves, and as I shall probably demon-
strate by my own remarks before I close. It is this
rambling practice, with a view to lay our ideas,
whether original or borrowed, upon all subjects, be-
fore our constituents in the same stump speech,
th&t has rendered this body almost incapable of
transacting the public business.
Now, M'. Cha rman, I shall proceed to call the
atten ion of this commit'ee to some things which I
trust will, in the opinion of honorable members, so
f<r transcend the aubj c's of stationer), books,and
mileage, as to claim their attention on account of
their magnitude. And first, sir, of attorneys, mar-
shals, and clerks We have offieial information
that the at oi ney for the southern district of New
Y irk received for his service;  during the year 1839
$23,009 07, the cleric §19,469 92 for his, the mar-
snal of the southern district of Mississippi |87,150
7Ü for his, and the clerk oí the northern district of
Mis ís&ippi #9,700 for his The clerk of the south-
err district of Mis<issippi failed or refused to make
a return Bit ve can judge of his fees from what
the maishal of h s district receives. After deduct-
ing all reasonable allowances for expenses and sa-
laries of deputies, u h?s not bren denied that the
su,i left «o ild rifke to each an exorbitant com-
pen*a ion. Ko ' does it happen thit these and
ether otHceisho'dm? similar stations are thus ex-
travao-antl,' raio? It is the consequence of the le-
gislation cf Congress, «Inch, more than forty years
as0, allowed high fees for certain services, and
adop td the fee laws of the h ghest courts in the se-
v ral Slates where the fee was rot specified m the
act of Congress Notwithstanding the fees hare
since been greatly rediced inmost of the States,
Con<*res* has made i o reduction. Now, sir, is
there any reason why Federal officers aetrog within
the States, should b paid more than State officers
for the same kind of services'? And if the Swfes
have found that their attorneys, marshals or she-
