March, IMU___________
26th Cong--"2nd Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Hand.
$43
H. of Reps.
o some one who will do it? In this way thousands
upon thousands may be collected for pany pur-
poses, and I apprehend rnve b en collected. Well,
sir, how is ihe money spent uhich i-, thus'forced
from the officer-holder, and «inch be is tolerated ¡n
filching from the people? I cannot p'.si'ively an-
swer; because the accounts of its outlay are never
published. Thai is a party secret, veiled from the
scrutiny of the people by an impenetrable mantle.
I apprehend thst these exp-^ndi'U'T'S love darkness
rather than 1'ght, because all their tendencies are
evil. From the very fact that they ate concealed,
I susp?ct irnt their d'sn'osure would astound the
nation. Althouah we ean-K.t see, we may imagine
what is going on; and as th-re are a good m..ny
Yankees around and about m*, I w.ll venture a few
guesses as to the manner in which this "..ecret ser-
vice money" is applied.
I guess a portion of it is applied to purchasing
wines and sup^n to rézale party leaders during
their nocturnal deliberations.
I guess a portion of v goes to pay political drill
sfríeanís for their services m running from pos; to
post, in drumming tip the people, in nukLip stump
speeches, and in distributing circulars and docu-
ments.
I guess a portion of it goes to pay for giugerbread
and liquor, and in some cases direct bribery. Here
is so much for your vote. Give ¡he vole and take
the money.
I guess a good dtal of it goes to piy the printer.
And then the character of the publications which
h; furnishes for the money !—are they true cr
false? No matter which; how they will operate
upon Ihe election is the only inquiry. Is Ihe can-
didate slandered—are praiseworthy actions misre-
presented, and i life of purity assailed by every
species of detraction—who cares for it among the
throng of rab d partisans? Such means - re only
intended to a?c-.mpl'sh s.ms ulterior object of vast
magnitude. That the l:end justifies the means"
has ever been th? principal doctrine of unprinci-
pled politicians and hypocritical z^alo's. it is ne-
cessary for party purposes to convert vice into
virtue; ignórame into knowledge; a sneaking sel-
fishness into open, manly generosity; the grin of a
villain into the benevolent smile of an honest mm;
the vulgarity of a blackguard into the manners of a
gentleman; ttie thing  is done  through ihe  instru-
mentality  of
rupt press, pat in motion  by
party contributions,  by actual payments, or pro-
mises of reward.
Such are the purpose;, tin is famous purposes,
in my jadgaitnt, to wh'ch politic-si contributions
are too often applied, and lor v.h.ch I verily be-
lieve that money h-.1- oe.-n foiwd frora tffiee hold-
ers by thteats of removal. Wo patriot, wi.h my
convictions, cxn contémplale such a sta"* of things,
without the m.-st ¡.-lonmy forebodings. Is these any
remedy but to redjeethe emolu-nents of oilier; but
to briag down salaries to that ainouni which will
support ,an economical mxn ami his familv, and
allow him tola; up something for old age? Is it
not better to encourage economical habits, art!
e?eu to force offi.-.e holders t.> economize under
moderate salar e=, '''in to sli-anUií them to ewiy
species of p.odgalny, by granting t'nem, in the
shape of peiq-nsitis, fiom twenty lo thirty tho '-
sand dollar-, .-y, even mow than ¡hi1, per annua?
It has been iw".Vj-,¡r. year  j-ince i cotnmencrd
the p.'acice of law. Í have tret widi a success
whicii SiUifhs '.->■?, anlyi', aft-r laboring at the
bar, and on the btrieh for mo.e 'han a tr.ird of the
days unii-naUy allotted to man, I have not been
able to lay up for the evemn- of ciy life as much
as some of these office holders can save in one or
two years. I think I may sa¡, vi hout boasting,
that I hive th> cipacity to make a pretty good po-t-
master or marsha1. The.r labors ate not mor?
iiksoaie thcji mine. 1 s-cuo reason why they
should become rub. and independent in ihe good 
and chattels of this world in a year or two, while
with me it is a lUe-time business. I des¡ie the
prosperity of all men. 1 desire to see all above
want. Bat I have no idea of legislating men into
principalities b) a s.ort of ¡>olitir.,il legerdemain.
But some gentlemen contend that this is not the
proper time; that we cannot act deliberately jast as
the session is about to close, and therefore we ought
to put it off until a more convenient  season; and
some of those wlu hold these opinions have here-
tofore, as Whigs, cried a'cud for retrenchment and
reform. They have e^r-n gone so far as to re-
proach ¡he dom nant party, who n->w seem to be
willing ;o co operate in the woik of reform, with
Ihetr new-born zeal, snd with their failure during
the last twelve year* to apply ihe pruning kr.ife in
clearing the tree of suckers and redundancies.
Thci Whigs proclaim their determination to cor-
rect abases when a new Conjress assembles under
ihe a ««pees of General Harrison. Now, sir, I
think th-it the pirty in power are highly censurable
for omitting tore'uee exorbitant compensation and
perquirios oí '':e,r fiends Their failure to bring
down their fríen is to a reasonable standard and
their wi lingncssto reduce just as soon as they lose
power, and a new set of men are probably to orcu-
py their places, prnscma vrry striking con'rast to
ih? people, [t proves whit I have always said,
that the last twelve yrars will live in history as the
period during which the principle of se'fish-
ness controlled the political actions of men ¡o
an alarming extent. All measures &f Execu-
tive policy hare been adopted, recommended,
and pushed along mainly for the purpose of
making fortines for combinations of men: and
hence bjth Houses of Congress could never be
brought to co operate in reducing salaries and cor-
recting abuses. If a direct vote upon yeas and
nays couM at any time, be had in this House dur-
ing ihe last twelve years, I admit that a majority
would probably be found in favor of correcting
any palpable abuse. Members, responsible as they
are to the people, and dependen! once in two years
upon teem for the seats they occupy, are constrained
to pay some tespect to the will of their constituents.
This cons'itutional dependencj upon the people is
ihe great conservative principle of representative
Democracy, and. without it, ihe spirit of piander
and the aspirations of ambition would obtain the
ascendancy over justice and patr otism, pull down
our institution', and upon their ruins build up go-
vernment like those in the Old world, where ihe
many are fleeced and robbed, by law, for ihe bene-
fit of the few. Tne difficulty consists in getting a
direct vole, under the many evasions which may
be resorted to When this House was constrained,
years ago, to adopt my proposition to cure the
abuse growing out of box-rents, the Senate, further
removed from the people, and composed of a ma-
j'ji ity of expunge.rs, who allowed no barrier tc ar-
rest them, failed lo concur. Bat does it become
the Whigs of this House—those who for years have
been clamen us for the correction of abuses—now,
when t'''fir adversaries ore giving in and manifest-
ing a ci'.l.nsmrss to c-e-iperMe, to advecat  post-
ponement u.'itil a "mere convenient season?" Sir,
in view of he wolfish appetite to feast on the fioi.k,
the avaricious yearning for the ".spoils,"' which
semedto atocle the dominant political combina-
tion', that Vu-M ih: office  and wielded the pattoiage
o* Govornm'-at under J,tckson's retjn of terror, I
sii.l, 'n a speech delivered sonn years ago, that the
<:-.op p'.r'y" was the only true and appropriate
cognomen fir such i sit. I now say, that those
clamorou- Waig% who have cried aloud until the
peopl-j iavc h:cjme convinced of the necessity of
a chance, and have made it, and who may now fill
t'i5 rflics0, Miner l!iem-..elves or wilh their frisad*,
wh'ch wete heretofore h.-ld by their opponents,
ought, under every con?'derat;on of consistency, of
jWtee, and of Imior, t-- act tip 'o th'-ir profuse 1
pnnci-.'ie-; aa.l all who d> n:t, 1 denounce tí be, in
heart and feei-ur, sop p-rtj men. f-'uch men m.-y
hr\e joined l'--- great Whig chwch. but never htive
been regeneia'ed by a inu V?í\ g spr t. Wha'!
shall it be sa:d, to our disrisce, ¡hu we g I up a
whirlwind, to sweep extravagance from the. lV.ce of
theeüth, when our p illical advei-ar'cs enjoyrd
tho prrfi s, bu', just as soon as we saw a chance for
ourselves, our tornado was hushed to a gentle htl-
labi?
But gmtlemen cannot deliberate; there is no'
time for it now, at this late- period of ¡he session !
What delib'r.ition and time a-e required to enable
members to decide upon the propriety of limning
the profits cf a collector, postmaster, attorney, and
marshal, to five or six thousand dollars per innnral
Your Vice President gets five thousand dollars
your heads of Departments get six thousand dol-
lars. Nov/, sir, it seems to me that a member of *
Congress who wants time to deliberate whether he
ought to re'uee a postmastee's salary to an equa-
lity wih that of the Vice President, thinks too slow..
for the people, and that thep will be very apt to de-
cide, in their deliberations, to leave him at home,
to ponder o.er his private affairs at leisure. It is
too plain a case to require a moment's hesitation.
There are yet untold evils growing out of these
enormous perquisites. They are the foundation of
all the clamor about rotation in office. Who cares
to remove a man from office who is doing his du-
ty, when the profits of ihe oflice barely afford him
subsistence and clothing? In such a case, every
body unites in praying the starving incumbent to
hold on, for th? sake of the de.ir people, that their
business may be rightly performed. But lei the
profits of the office be such that the incumbent is
growing rich, and how is it then? Why, sir, rota-
tion is then preached and clamorously contended
for. Some one wants his place, not because he
can discharge its duties more beneficially to the
public, b'«t because he wanls the money that the
situation would afford hiati. And he goes to work,
too oten by mean and despicable intrigues, to sup-
plant the unsuspecting incumbent wha sedulously
applies himself to the performance of duty. The
Executive, lne removing power, Í3 besieged. Flat-
tery does its work to conciliate favor. Calumny
does its work to pro urate the victim. And at last
the President, being deluded, or "feeling power
and forgetting right," removes and sacrifices an
honest man to provide for a knave. Bring down
the emoluments o: office, and it will go far to break
up the "system of rewards and punishments for
opinion's sake" which has disgraced our political
c^de. B ing down'the emoluments of office, and it
will tend more than any other thing to break up
party rancor and bitterness of feeling, which en-
gender personal hostilities and conflicts among re-
lations and neighbors, and destroy the courtesies
and charities which should adorn and bless so-
ciety.
By adopting the amendments which have been
prepared, and will be proposed to this bill, you will
save money to the Treasury, and that is a conside-
ration which ought not to be overlooked in the pre-
sent condition of onr revenue. I shall not follow
the example set by others, and go into the discus-
sion of the policy of direct taxes, a protective fa.
riff, f.nd all those subjects which I have frequently
thought my Southern friends were too apt to bring
into evry debate, and which have been already
discussed under this bill; but I deem this a fit occa-
sion to say that I have no faith in ¡he estimate pre-
sen el by tha Secretary of the Treasury. I have no
hope that ¡he revenue from the customs will
amount to $19,000.000 for the present year. In es-
trnatin? the sma which may be brought into the
Treasury from this source, the amount of duties
imposed, and il.e quantity of goods likely to be im-
ported and íetaiaed for consumption, constitute the
basis upon which our calculations must rest. The
following table exh'bits the facts in a condensed
view, from which out deductions and conclusions
rnu>t bedra vn,
TABLE
Compiled'fro-m Official Reporls,shcwlng Imports and Reve-
nuefrvm customs during the hist foxir years.
1837
1-33
1Í39
1810




*£ i.0          i      c- ton
O.H




<_ £ 5    .   v- c-S
w a?
C Ci-J      [      =       £>

>               ';    >

Dollars     Dollars.
Dollars.
30,031.63,"); 32301,438
5«,80!,112
23Sia?64' 24572,151
5-2,873,394
32,911555147,770,087
63,914,965
Í

Ui
Kg a
Ira
2  S >•
'"as     ;
= 3 £ =
of |    j
Soiü

"■¿nH
Dollars.
Dollars
119,134.255;
11,196,737
101,264,6091 16,153.693
144,597,607! 23,137,324
36.996.558! 13,000,000
Note —In construoung the preceding table, the merchan*
üise re-exported has been deducted from the aggregate impor-
tations, so that the merchandise left for home consumption only
is cxfnbi.ee., tho revenue being raised, except to a trifling
amount, on goods consumed. The commercial year terminated
on the 30 h of September, the fiscal yearonthe3lst December;
but this will make no difference m relation to the question of
rever.ue likely to be derived from customs in 1841, and which
is the only question intended to be illustrated by the table. -Tha
revenue from customs for the three first quarters of the year
l&U amounted to $10.639 884; the revenue of the last quarterj
