Biarcb, 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Í45
26th ConG""2nd Seíss.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Hand.
H. of Reps.
rum. Wby, sir, the yeas and nays were taken last
session fifty-one times upon calls of the House wi!h
a view to secura the a'tendance of absent members
and twenty-five calls were ordered without yeas
and nays, making seventy-iix in all. The calls of
the House will average at least one hour. We do
not sit in the House more than four hours a day
on an average during the session. It follows that
we lost nineteen days last session in efforts to
compel the attendance of members, and very often
have I known the House to adjourn for wjmt of a
quorum at an early hour, on private bill day, with-
out an effort to secure the attendance of the absen-
tees. Perhaps some men.kr might call for tbeyeas
and nays on the adjournment, and thus spend hi<lf
an hour more most uselessly-. The yess and my-t
were taken one hundred an J twenty-four times la,t
session on questions cf adjournment, thus producing
a loss of more than fifteen days of our ti'ue. Thir-
ty-four days lost during one session in calling she
yeas and nays, with a view to compel members to
at'end to their business! Let the naiion ihink of it.
Two things will correct, to a great extent, these
tims wasting evils. First, reduce salines, so as
not to present such strong temptation* to human
passion?: and, secondly, reduce the number of this
body to double that of the Senate, and then by a
constitutional provision limit it. There are now
two hundred and forty-two members of this Home,
each anxious to convince his constituents, by
speaking, that he is worthy of the trust reposed; aiid
many are equally anxious to convince the Presi-
dent is, or is to be, that he is, to a great extent, in-
debted to them for his elevation. And theie are
not a few, each of whom is rabidly anxious to con-
vince the p"ople that he would make as good, if
not a better President than even the Father of his
Country. Only conceive, sir, of tha tfn thousand
schemes of personal ambition or pecuniary profit,
which, in the nature of man, are constantly ope-
rating upon an assembly like this, and our wonder
must cease that there should be twenty iij at a
time, crying "Mr. Speaker," to the extent of their
lungs, with a view to obtain the floor. And then,
sir, the member who succeeds, app-chensive that
his time will never come again, is forced, by a sort
of necessity, to ¿o as I am now doing, wander
from the subject, and speak of other matters
which he raiy deem of vast importance. I hav^
known the gentlemen her-'1 to co-isume days in de-
livering a speech which, when prúit-d, could be
read in as many hours. A gieat p'oof this" of their
want of prepsta'ion, and 'vant of a clear percept on
of the subject. And then, sir, every other member
his an equil right, (and, from my ex ericr.ee here,
is very apt to exercise it,) snd thus the whole of a
long session would be tro short to discuss any
on« question or magnitude. It is altogether a
mistake to suppose that members are content to
hear their ideas advanced by others. Every one
must speak for himself, and hence the same thing
is repeated over and over to the hundredth time.
We mast reform this course of procedure. It we
do not, the Government will break to pieces from
it? utter incapacity to legislate. It will snk under
the disgust and contempt of an abused and tan'a-
lized people.
I have looked into the last census, with a view to
ascertain what was probable in reference to making
this a business body, by reducing its numbers. A
ratio of sixty thousand will leave to the great States
of New York and Pennsylvania their present reprr.
sentation in number. But that ratio would increase
the whole number of members to 249, and would
aggravate the evil resulting from numbers. Under a
ratio of sixty thousand, New Hampshire, Connec-
ticut, Rhode Island, Vermont, Maryland, and Ten-
nessee would each lose one member; South Caro-
lina and Kentucky would each lose two members;
Worth Carolina would lose three, and Virginia four.
Under lh*t ratio Louisiana would gain one mem-
ber; Alabama, Mississippi, and Michigan wo'dd
each gain two members, Missouri three, Indiana
and Illinois four each, and Ohio six. The other
States would retain their present number of mem-
bers. Ten States would lose members, eight would
gain, and eight remain as they are. Wow, I submit
it to the American people whether it would not ad-
vance the public interests in an eminent degree to
raise the ratio so as to reduce the number of mem-
bers to juvt double the number of Senators. A
greater blessing could not be conferred on this na-
tion by the ntxt Congress; and I should rejiice to
see the people take up the subject, and pour ra pen-
nons atid ciemoriah from all quarters demanding
this great reform. It is the interest of every cit.zen,
politicians excepted, that it should be made. It
would save hundreds of thousands annually to the
Treasury, and enable Congress to do the public
bjsin'.ss.
The example of the British House of Commons
and some of our State Legislatures where the popu-
lar branch is very numerous, may be reierred to as
worthy of imitation. No one will be deluded by
the reference, if he will contrast the qualities to
which members oí' Congress s.re indebted for their
election, widi tho^e of the members cf the legisla-
tive a-scmblies alluded to. Popular manners and
fine speaking talents are the principal ingredients
to please the tarte of the Republic. So State can
fill its legislative halls with hundreds of accom-
plished orators, although it may be able to send its
quota here. A numerous State Legislature, of nc-
ces-ity, must be composed of a majority who act
rather than talk. Influential friends and much
money rula the elections of Engl-.nd. God forbid
that money should possess a controlling influence
over sur elections; End yet there is great danger
that we may be brought to it by corruption. Thot-e
who git here by talking at home, will not readily
surrender their vocation; hence Congress has scire 
of O'Conn^lls, busied in no'hing but agitations,
whilst the British Parliament has but one.
Here we talk to acquire fame. It is not so much
the ca«e in England. If the House of Commo-ts
d ¡bated ai we do, it would be impossible iO do any
thing. The membrrs of the Comment*! Cvnsress,
who declared independence a'id signed ih- ever-
memorable declaration, were fifty-six in number.
Tne articles of confederation, which firs' united the
States into a social compact, wotre the ach-eveinent
of forty-eight men. There were or-ly thirty-nine
members of the Convention which formed the Con-
stitution of the TJnited States. There wore only
sixty-five «lembcri cf the first Houss or Reprcs:nt-
a'ives, wpaa whom were devdved the duties of or-
g ntzing thi Government. The number oí Repre-
sentatives fixed by the first apportionment under
¡h" first census was 105, and unfortunately the
number has been increased at each subsequent ap-
portionment. The greatest event-? in our history
have been the frait.s of the labors of dchberttive
ESsembltes composed of Jess than half our present
numbers I tremble for the fa 'it of my country,
when I contemplate the prospect of ano'her war,
and perhaps "«■th our old enemy, and reflect that
we shall be dependent upon a bai'aiion of discor-
dant councillors in this body to provide means for
its conduct and issue. The inevitable inefficiency
oi ia-ge masses for any deliberative purpose, or for
prompt action, will have n mighty tendency in time
ot war to strengthen the Executive «rat of the Go-
vernment. The plea of necssity will justify Ex-
ecutive encroachments, and the people Will submit,
because they will seo no other hope cf deliverance;
and thus we miy tacitly yield to the arbitrary ac'>:
cf a dictator. L?t u- re urn :o tbeexJiup'ei set by
oar fathers, by reducing this body D the half of its
pro-rent numbers.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to make one remark
upon the shbject of the di-lribmion of the proceeds
of the public lauds. I shall not at eiop'to answe-
Vrc. gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr. Wise] and,
and otheis who have opposed the distribution, a1-
though I believe every they ur ed is susceptible of
an easy refutation. What Í desire to "ay ts new to
my own mind, and I merely wish io throw it out
for consideration. If it has we-ght, and I think
it has, it will produce its proper effect at the pro-
per time.
The Articles of Confederation were in full ope-
ration at the time Virginia ceded her claim to the
country between the Ohio and Mississippi rivers
and the lakes, "for the use and benefit of such of
the TJnited States as have becoae, or shall become,
membeis of the Confederation, Virginia inclusive,
according to their usual respective proportions in
she general charge and expenditure, and shall be
faithfully and bona fide disposed of for that pur-
pose, and for no other use or purpose whatever."
The language quoted is taken from the deed of
cession. Now, sir, the Articles of Confederation
granted to the General Government very limited
powers, compared with those conferred by the Con-
stitution of the United States. The Confederation
had no power to levy and collect taxe-. It was
evsn limited in the amount of profit on postages to
the expenses of the Post Office establishment. It
could tnñke requisitions on the several States, re-
quiring them to fill the common Treasury; but, if ihe
States failed to comply, Congress had no power to
coerce them. As, then, the Stales raised and fur-
nished the money in their own modes, according
to the portions which they were required to pay;
and as tne Confederation had no authority to draw
a dollar from the pockets of the people, except
through the action of the State Legislatures, I re-
quest gentlemen to imagine a single case: Suppose
the States, influenced by the prcspectof war had
placid in the common Treasury a sum suited to
the emergency; suppose the lowering difficulty to
pass away, so that the money was not needed; is
there any thing in the Anieles cf Confederation
which forbade the return of ihe money to the States
which furnished u? Would it not have been the
duty of the Confederation, in such a case, to return
the money'! I believe every impartial, sound mind
mast give an affirmative answer. Is there any dif-
ference between the money coming from the sales
of public land, and hat supplied by the States un-
der the Articles of Confederation? Can any one
take a distinction, upon which the money drawn by
State taxation from the people should go back into
the Treasuries of the States, and yet the money
arising from the sales of lands must be retained?
It is worthy of leraark that the deed of ces-
sion, by which the Confederation acquired the title
of Virginia, does not declare that the lands shall be
di-posed of for the use and benefit of the Confede-
ration as a whole, and for the purposes of the Con-
federation exclusively. On the contrary, it is "for
the use and benefit of such of the United States as
have or shall become members of the Confedera-
tion;" evidently implying that the proceeds might
pe applied to State as well as Confederation pur-
poses, and that the great object of the cession was
to allow each State to participate in a common
fund according to a prescribed rule, without limit-
ing and restr-cttng the particular manner in which
tne fund should be used. The Confederation was
m^de the trustee cf the fund; and, as such, there
could be no m'-re appropriate disposition of the mo-
ney than to hand it over to the cestui que trust. All
this is, to my mind, perfectly clear, under the.Arti-
cles of Confederation. Nor can I perceive how
the subsequent adoption of ihe Constitution of the
United Stales changes the case. There may be
some reason for saying that, as Congress, under the
Constitu-ion, derives supplies from its own system
of taxation, and as the Government is one of li-
mited powtrs, monty cannot be raised or applied
constitutionally to any o'her purposes except those
expres-ly enumerated. But such reasons have no-
thing  o du with the question in reeard to the pub-
lic lands, and especially that portion of them ac-
quired by cessions from the States. In resprd to the
public lands held under the purchases of Louisiana
and Florida, there is no reason to suppose that it
was designed to have a difference made in the mo-
ney ans'BS from their sale and that coming from
the lands c-i'ed by the Sutes, I place the whole
upon the samo foo'i-r-, and take the original posi-
tion of the public domain, under Ihe Articles of
Confederation, as my guide. There is at least as
much constitutional warrant for placing tbe public
lands oí Louisiana and Florida upon the same ba-
sis as those acquired from Virginia, as there was
for the purchase and annexation of these Territo-
ries to the United States.
Some days ago, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Duncan] told us that, four years hence, the dead
march, Old Roslm Castle, would be played at the
funeral ceremonies of the Harrison administration,
and intimated that Whig principles would ever af-
ter be consigned to oblivion. That gentleman ap-
peared in a nesr character. I should never have
suspected him for a prophet, and cannot now put
faith in his Lochiel warning.   Sir, I would com-
