Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
Causes of the Florida War—Mr. Giddings.
34r
H. of Reps.
ter. Mr. Wirt, in the same communication, as-
sures the President that the price allowed for a
slave was two or three limes his real value. Yet,
after paying for all the slaves that could be shown
to have left their masters, at two or three times
their real value, together with other property taken
or destroyed by the Seminóles prior to ltf02, it was
found that the whole amounted to but §101,000,
leaving in the hands cf the Government §149,000
belonging to the Indians. This money, however,
was not returned to the Indians, but was retained
by Government until 1834, when the owners of the
fugitive slaves petitioned Congress that it might be
divided among them. Tins petition was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and the chair-
man, an honorable member from Georgia, [Mr.
Gilmer ] repotted in fsvor of dividing the money
among the owners of ihi fugitive slaves as a com-
pensation for the offspring which the slaves would
have borne had they remained in bondage. Tms
plan, which I think sets at peifect defiance all
Yankee calculation , w¡>s rejected by Congress.
But a bill was st.b equently iiitroiuc.cd, providing
for a division of this money among the owners of
those slaves by way of interest, in direct violation
of the treaty, and notvbhMaading they had pre-
vioa.-ly received f.vo or three times the real value
of their slaves; and ibis b'll rruon passed into a
law. This was done in 1834. The;e slaves bad
most of thrra united with the Seminóles or runa-
ways in the peniniula of Florida, and the Creeks,
(from whom the S mir.ol s had former'y sepa-
rated,) having paid to the people of Georgia two or
three times ¡he value of these s'ave-, now claimed
them as their property. The Creeks hsd mosily
gore ve;t of the Mksissipp1', and 'heir agenis were
in Florida demanding these negroes of the Semi-
nóles. Ths Seminole?,in the mean time,it is fad,
, had intermarried with the negroes, and stood con-
nected with them in all the relations o¡ dme^tic
life. If they emigrated we.-t, their wives and chil-
dren would be taken from thera by the Creeks as
slaves; if they remained in Floruit, they must de-
fend themselves .-gainst the army of ibe tinned
Stares. With them, sir, it was war op one side,
and slavery on the o'her. This s*a'e of things was
entirely brought about by ths-effoiis ci our Go-
vernment to obtain pay lor the fugitive slaves of
Gorgia.
This inteife/ence of the Federal Govornme.it in
behalf of slavery m Georgia appears ;o hav b;en
the org.n of all our Honda difficulties.
[Mr. Warren, of Georgia, called Mr. Giddings
to order on the ground of im-kivancy.
Trie Chairman, Mr. Clifford, of Maine, de-
cided that the remar! s of Mr. Giddinch respecting
the origin of the Florida war were in order; and
Mr. G. proceeded ]
I think this interposition cf our Federal Govern-
ment unconstitutional and improper, and will as-
sign the reasons of that opinion.
[Mr. Habersham, of Georgia, cal'ed Mr. Gid-
dings to order, and stated that the gentleman tiom
Ohio had intimated his intention to offer an amend-
ment to the proportion befoie the House, and was
proceeding 10 mske a speech pretty freely interlarded
with abolition, while this committee wer« yet unin-
formed as 10 the t rms of the amendment he in-
tended to offer.
The Chairman stati d that the remarks of the
gentleman from Ob:.T hal reference to the proposi-
tion before the House, and were Iherdbre in
order.
Mr. Habersham desired to hear the amend-
ment.]
Mr. Gidding; resumed. I arose, Mr. Chair-
man, to dixcuss the Florida war, aad I intend do-
ing so, and cann.U be drawn off upo" any collste-
ral points, nor frhhlened from it by !he cry of Abo-
lition.
I will, however, say to the gentleman from Geor-
gia, that I have not said, nor do I intend saying,
one word upon the subject of Abolition, although s
may perhaps touch upon the doctrine of State r.ght
and strict construction.
I hold that if the slaves of Georgia or any other
State leave their masters, the Federal Gtvernment
has no constitutional authority to employ our army
or navy for their recapture, or to apply the nation-
al treasure to repurchase them. We possess no
constitutional power to do eiiher. If,however, gen-
tlemen of the South, who hold to a strict and rigid
construction of that instrument, will point rae to
thic'anseof our Constitutijn containing such au-
thonty, I will confess my ob'igations to ihem. Such
power would necessarily include the power to lax
the free States to an indefinite extent Í01 the sup-
port of slavery, and for arresting every fugitive
slave who has fled from his master, within the
several Stales if-his Union. Such prver I deny
most distinctly and emphatically. But, sir, we
have as much light to do this directly as we have
to do it indirectly. We have as much power to
employ our army and navy in recapturing fugitive
s'aves, as we have to make a treaty w i'h the In-
dians to retake ¡-uch fugitives, and then employ
our army and navy to compel thi Indiars to do it.
Wo have a? much power to tax ¡he free States,
and apply the money directly for the purchase of
fugitive slaves, as ivc have 'o lax item to carry
on a war for the purpose of compelling the surren-
der of such'lave-,'reven to apply the national
treasure to lh'holding of such treaüts. In trn'h,
sir, we have no power wha'ever over the subject
cr institution of slavery within the several States
of this Union. We have neither ihe power to sus-
tain nor abolish i!, to create or dts'rov it. I n>p?n,
sir, that we have no such nowers delega'ed to us for
any purpose whatever. We have 1,0; the pr-wer !o
sus'ain it in the Sou h, or rs'ahlithitin the North.
I know it is said, and repeated, and asserted, that
a portion cf the people of ibe free Sutes bold lint
we have power io abolish slavery in the Stptcs. I
can only say that I have never met wjth any
heent m¿n v,ho has advanced such doctrine
li a ¡r,?.    For my ow:
much power to es'abli
h sTive:-.' in ihe fr°e
as we have to abobsh it in the «-lave Stares.
nay nothing of the cons'iMtioral power tf
gress 07 :r the slave trade h=tweenthe S'alcs.
Mr. Chairman, I am ri"t v-uhns to believe that any
cen'leman en this fl >cr will urge the right of'axing
¡be freemen of the North for ihe boldirg in slavery
the colored men at ihe Soirh.
I woaH not use those distinctions of North and
S. u'h, could Í avoid tb°m. Y> 11 think no apolo-
gy is due fiom me on ¡bis point, as I have con-
stantly heard them used, snd repeated, and reite-
rAtedbygenilem.fi from a cr*. i;n p'.rtio.i of-be
Unb n, during the three years I have hid a seat in
thrhal'.
But, sir, I wish further to look into this power,
or rg.her the want of power, in Oongre.« over sla-
very within the S ates of ¡ins Union. In Dee°ir>-
ber, &■ D. 1838, the srentlemin fiom New Ha-np-
shire [Mr. Atherton] introduced to this Honte, a
resolution expressing 'he sense of ib; House in re-
gard to this p'iwer.
[The Chaibman informed Mr. Giodin'os that the
discussion of those resolutions would not be in or-
der ]
1 had, Mr. Charaan, no idea of discus^tie (hose
resolutions. I mer; !y rtfer to one 'vf them, as ex-
pressing the views of th? North and ' f the Sruih
on ihis -ubject. It cpesks ih? vice o!" alt the Inn-
drtd and nrely-cig'ot rf'-b -s who vot«d Tor it. It
r^ads as follows: "Resolved, That this Government
is a Government of limited powers; ;h"t, by the
Constitution of the United Star.•<=, it has no power
whatever over ihe institution of s'avery in the se-
veral States of thi* Un-on." This rrsol'i'ion ¡e-
ceived the alsitst unjinirocns support of lh>s House.
Ttiere were one hundred and ninetj-ei ht voles in
favor oí it, and but six asainst it. I voted for it
myself, because l detrae it correct. Every mem-
ber from the slave Staffs voted for i!. I shall be
«Sow to su-.pect thit any of ¡hose gentlemen -will
now change their position, and s?,\ that we have
power to sustain sHvery; and (hit, in voting for the
resolution, thev only intended to say th?.t we ha- e
no power whatever over the suhjec to abilish it. I
am aware, Mr. Chairman, that th° Federal Govern-
ment has at times in:erpos-d its influence to obtain
for the citizens of slave Slates compensation for
slaves taken by Indian tribe? and by Great Britain.
But this fact furniih s no argument agaxist (he po-
tion I have assumed. The cases alluded to were
merely the acts of the Executive, interposed by
m'el-
in my
p~rt. I  believe ve h?ve i>s
S'l'te 
I say
Con-
But,
common consent, without discussion or objection,
for ihe purpose of obtaining from such tribe or
Government a compensation which we have uni-
formly reiused when demanded of ourselves; for I
believe it to be well understood that we have never,
in any insiance, paid the owner for the loss of a
slave, even when such slave was pressed into ihe
public service, and killed while thus in the employ
of Government. The Florida war, having its
origin in attempts on the part of the Federal Go-
vernment to susiain slavery in one of ihe States of
¡his Union, is so far unconstitutional, and is directly
opposed to the doctrine contained in ihe resolution
above quoted, which received ihe unan mous sup-
pert of the ilave States.
And now, having called ihe attention of the com-
mittee to ihe remote and principal cause of this
war, E will ask their attention to sorceof the more
proximate and immediate causes. On the 21st of
May, 1836, th;s House adopted a resolution calling
upon (he then President for "information respect-
ing ihe causes of the Florida war." On the 3d
June, the President transmitted to the House sur-
(\iy papers relating to that subject, among which
may be found an address or petnion of nearly one
hundred gentlemen, vaid to be among ihe principal
i.'.htbitants of Fiorida, calling on the President to
mt.rpose ihe power of the General Government for
the purpose of securing Ihem in the possession of
iheir slaves. These gentlemen, speaking of the
Semiuo'e Indians, saj: "While this indomitable
people cun.r.iue wh«-re they now are, the owners of
••laies in our Trrritory, and even in the Spatescon-
liguous, cianot for a moment, in any thing like se-
cu"tv, enjoy ihi=kind ot property "
Tivs vas a plan, direct, and palpable request
for the Presiden! to interpos' ihe jtiong arm of ihe
nat'on in behalf of s.avery. Nor d d ihe Presiden í
re^.fii deaf to such reques'; bu' he immediately
rrdorsed an order on the back of the petition, di-
recting the Secretary of War to mike inquiry, and
if the charges were found true, "to direct the In-
dians t> prepare forfhwi'b to remove west of the
Missi'sippi." Soon ?fter this, ihe sreaty of Payne's
Landing, having remained nearly two yeais un-
noticed by the president, was sent ta the Senate for
Iheir sanction; snd every preparation was made to
compel the Indians, by physical fores, to remove
w>st of the Mississioid. A correspondence was
carried on with the officers of our army; and all
the trulitary force that could weli b? brought to
Florid* wa-. c'Ecentiated tbeie. for Ihe purpose of
compelling Ihe Indian*, at ihe point of ibe ba' onet,
to emijrate. This was done without even laying
th*. ti'ojc.ji bf.Te Co.igiess, cr asking for any le-
gislative ac'ion.
it i-, not my indention to enlarge on this point, or
to comment upon this very extra"rdinary interpo-
sition of Executive influence in favor of slavery,
■.viihoui. ci nstittttional or legitimate sanction. Nei-
ther have ! tiroe to comment upon the manner in
which the treaty of Payne's Landing was obtained
from ¡be Indians; nor upon the extraordinary terms
of that treaty; nor u?on the still more extraordina-
ry method <>1 eriforcng the Indians to an observance
of the cororv-ici by the use of the bayonet, without
eees'jlti"g iha le?islat've authority, in defiance of
ji:s.:ce, and without precedent. But I desire to ex-
amine ¡ !o the causes of this war, and discover
ho>v far it b'.s had its origin in ?uerarts by the Ex-
ecutive to support and maintain slavery at the na-
tions! exp-nse, and m violation of the rights of the
free State*. In doing this, I shall speak from no
vague conjecture or uncertain suspicion; but what
I .-iy shah be "iroiii the book"—fiom documenta-
ry evidence and official reports.
Tha addies to which f have called the attention
of ihe eorm.utlee estimates the number of negroes
amons the Seminole Ir.dians at that time at more
'h,m fi^e hundred; and they declare it as their be-
lief ".hat fvur-fifths of them arc fugitive slaves. Oa
the 20h January, 1834, Gov. Duval, in a letter to
the Commissioner of Indian Affair?, says.-. "The
slaves belonging to the Indians baya a controlling
influence over the minds of their masters, and are
entirely opposed to any change of residence. It
will be bist at once to adopt firm and decided mea-
sures, such as will demonstrate to the Indians the
determination of the Government to see the treaty
