Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
26th Cong....2nd Sess.
Causes of the Florida War—-Mr, Giddings.
H. oí Reps.
too great length for me to read at this time. It
shows, in a most palpable light, the views en'er-
tamed by those gentlemen in regard to the Cause
aid object of this war. Whatever others may
have thought upon that subjec', it is c ear that they
supposed the war to have been commenced and
carried on for the purpose oí aiding them in hold-
ing their slaves; ;¡nd they declare it incompatible
with the honor and dignity ot the nation to permit
the Indians to emigrate until UV y shall bring the
slaves back to their owners. I havs no doubt
they felt that they were correct in their views; nor
do I believe lhe> en'ertaiaed a doubt of the justice
and propriety ot taxing the free States to any ex-
tent m support of slavery. There, was., how-
ever, a cessation of hosu'itiés, njlwithstandmg
these remonstrarces. Tne Indians ceased for
a time to plander the defenceless iaoiibes of
Flonia, to birn their cabins, and murder the
defenceless women and children; but, s r, the fu-
gitive ilavts remained jet hidden in tne swamps
and ever«lad s of thut untravericd country.
Peaca on suca terms appears to h-ve be a ac< epta-
ble to the people of P.onda Í will n^t speak fie con-
clusions ot my own mind, however, oti this .ubjeci,
but will give you tne words of a high officer oi Go-
vernment who was on the spot, and who spoke
from positive knowledge. I re'er to Genera! Je-
sup, who, in a letter dated 29-h March, ld37, and
directed to Col. John "Warren, speak ng ot the
anxiety of the Indians to maintain the pedce agreed
upon, says: "Tnere is no disposition on the par. of
the great body of the Indians to rene.7 hostilities;
and they will, I am sure, faithfully fulfil their en-
gagements if the inhabitants of the Territory be
prudent. Bat any attempt to seize their negroes or
other property would be followed by an immed ate
resort to arms."
Thus we have the authority of General Jesup for
saying that the Indians were anxious to maintain
peace. That he was at the same time apprenen-
sive that th- people would attempt to seize the
Indian n°groes. What reason Gen. Jesup had to
suspect that the people of Piorida would be oihet-
wise than prudent, or what reason ne hid to fear
that they would seize the Indian negroes, I know
not. He certa nly exhibited fears upon tne sub-
ject For on the 5th April, being spven days sub-
sequent to this letter ro Col Watren, we find that
he issued a general erdei in the fo'lowin? woids:
"The Commanding Gtneral has itason to believe
that tbs interference of unpimcipied white raen
with the negro property of the Se-mno'e Indians, if
not immediately checked, will prevent then emi-
gration, and lead to a renewal of hostilities " The
order goes on to pronmt any person not coimcted
with the public service from entering upon the ter-
ritory assigned to the Indi ins. 11 this orcl-r we
have official intelligence that the whites d.d m 'act
interfere with the Indian slaves, or, in other wirds,
they began to rob the Indians of ttierr slaves almost
as soon a6 hostilities ceased. As to tne outiages
committed upon the iree blacks daring the luspen-
sion of hostilities we have no information in this
order, and are left to infer the cou.ss pureed to-
wards them from the evidence I have previously
given. If these peop'e were sufficiently rapacious
to rob the Indians ot their negroes inder such cir-
cumstances, it is easy to form an opinion as to the
safety of the free colored people found with the
Iridnns. How many of ihyrn, if any, were made
slaves, we know not. On tie 18 b April, twelve
days after the date of nts letter to Col. Warren,
Gen Jesup wrote to Gov. Call, saying. "It the
citizens of the Teintory be prudent, the war may
be considered at an end. But any atiemp' to inter-
fere with the Indian negroes  w< Uid cause an i na-
me hate resort to ho-uili'ifis. The negroes control
their masters, and they have beard ot the act ot
your legislative council Thirty or mote ot the
Indian negro men were at and near my camp on
the Withlacoochie late in March. But the arrival
of iwo or threa ci'izens of Florida, iaid to be in
search of negree , caused th'tn to disperse at
one , and I doubt whether they will come m agan.
At all events, the emigration will be deia<ed a
moitb, I apprehend, m consequence of the alarm
of these negroes."
The embarrassment into which Gen Jesup was
thrown is quite apparent, notwithstanding his order
oí the 5 h April The people were anxious to hunt
for sbvo. The negrots, it would seem, were un-
der constant apprehrnaon, and fled when a slave
catcher cam into ihu> viciuty. Wnether the
Indian negroes had cause for thit fear, we are
unable to judge, except from the documents before
us. Between the Indians and cur army, it appears,
there was no difficulty whatever. But tne difficulty
appears to have been between the Indians and ne-
groes on one «ide, and those who sought to lob the
Indians and enslave the blacks on the othir. It is
aho quite evident that some of the people of Flo-
rida «ere restless under the order of the 5 h of
Aprtl, prohibiting them irom entering trie Indian
country When intelligence respecting that ord r
reóchpd St. Augusfne, it seems a public meeting
was called and a committee appointed to procure
us repeal, in order that the white people rmght enter
the Indian country for the purpose of ¡¡.tizics, slaves.
Ton comm'ttee, said to be composed ot men of
high stand ng, addressed a long letter to General
Jesup, m wh ch they say, speaking oí the perp'e
of Floada: " While tney bel'eve that the occom-
pi'shment of a certaia pacfica'ion must, as it
ought, be an object of primary importance in the^e
negotiations, they peisuade themselves that the
pre eiVdHon of the negio property belonging to the
inhabitan s of this dtsola ed ccumry must be seen
by him to be an object of scarcely less moment."
It is a mest undenuude fact, borne out by every
part ot these official documents, that the people ot
Florida supposed that the grtat object of the
war was to aid the slaveholders in capturing and
recovering their slave?. Tins same protest goes
to recount facs in regaid to their slaves havmg
run away, and finding a place of refuge in the 1c-
oitia country, and the concluding of &n armistice by
General Je«up, without getting their slaves back,
and then the «igners add: "Aga.nst such a course,
a course s.o destructive of th^ir ngnis and interests,
the citizens of St. Augu-tme and others, in public
meeting assembled, tor tham<elve> and o^ beralf
of the inhabitant* of East Florida generally, do
mo t solemnly protest" Tins, sa, is tno solemn
piotest of the citizens of Florida agiir ¡>t any ce -
j sation of hostilities upon other terms thinefget-
| tins; back tbeirslave., cr rather of permitting them
to enter the Indian country to ob am iheT slaves.
The honor wuh which the negroes, bota Indian
slaves and Iree blacks, regarded those who came
within t'ieír territory for the purpose of catching
s'avc-, jb shonn by the letter of General Jesup
just quoted; in which he states ttidt thu y Indian
regrccs, ani ¿bout his camp, at once ran away
when they heard that two men were there m quest
or slaves
With these people the ^teat, important, and ab
scrbtng subject appears to have besn slaves, no'
peace Indeed, we have then solemn protest agam-t
ex'inguishing ¡he Sataes of war, or s oppmg tne
torrent ot blooa wh ca had so leng flowed, until
ttey should have thej: elavfs secured to them.
Tney were unwn mg that tre treisure of ihe im-
t on should cea«e to bs pouied out until they shou'd
have tueir fellow-men brought back mio oondase.
But, sir, I should inticue toe cornm t ee too mu h
were I to lefer to a tenth pirt oi trie documentary
evidence winch I have btiore nse ro this subject,
or to that p?n which goes to pi ove the at'empts ot
our Government officers to get back the sUves who
had e-caped from then masters, or the manner m
which tbat object entered into the plans of the
War Dejsirtment. Nor have I time to give any
considerable portion of the evidence showing how
th's object of capturing slaves and supporting
slavery, entered m'o the designs, and was carried
out m the movements of the army. The time
wh cH may reasonably bff c'aimcd by me will en y
permit me to placee at the suhject, fnd to lay be-
fore thu comm'ttee and tha people of this u tun a
sm?U portion of the facts wmeh I wish I were able
to prese it to them It will be sufficient in this
place to lemark thit, immediately after these pro-
testations against p¿ace—ihese official commun -
ca'inris 'howing that the Indians rad no d'sireto
re-sew the vtar, and that the only danger to be <tp-
piebended was the unlawful interference by the
people oí  Florida with She Indiai negroes, the
flames of war were again lighted up; our troops
were again put in motioD; the Treasury of our
nation was again placed under contribution; and
the blood of defenceless women and helpless chil-
dren again flowed, in order, as it appears, that
slaveholders might rf cover their slaves. I speak,
sir, from official documentary evidence. These
facts, and those which I intend to refer to, are on
leiord in the archives of our nation, and will de-
scend m all coming time to give character to this
uinely war.
It would appear, from a perusal of the documents
before me, that General Jesup was unable to fulfil
his coverant with the Indians to protect them, and
the negroes connected with them; but on this point
we have no direct evidence. Certain it is, that he
was unable to bring the negroes to terms of submis-
sion. I r^e the term negroes, because he says, cru-
cially, uat "the negroes controlled the Indians."
Being unable to subdue the enemy, his troops fall-
ing a prey to the unhealthy U mate in which he
was situated, thecibzens being murdered, their ba-
bitaLops burned, and his army discouraged, he
issued the order No. 1G0, to which I will now call
the attention of the committee. Tnat part to which
I particularly lefer is m tht following words. "All
Indian property captured from this date will belong
to the corps or detachment making it " The sense
in which the term property was ufed in this order
is fu ly explained in a letter of General Jesup to
Colonel Warren, dated a few dajs subsequent1, m
v.hicb, sneaking of the Seminóles, he says: "Their
npgroes, cattle, and horses, will belong to the corps
by winch they are captured" This order bears
date on the 3d of August, 1837, and may be found
at page 4 cf the documents communicated to this
House by the Secretary of War on the 27th day of
Feb'uaty, 1831. I ihmk that his'oiy will record
this as the first steneral older issued by the comman-
der of an American army, in when the catching
of slaves is held out as an incentive to military
duty. I mention this fact, and bring it to the con-
sideration of the comm'ttee unh feelings of deep
mortification. Asan American, I feel humbled at
this act, which cannot be viewed by the civilized
woild otherwise than dishonorable to cur arms atd
nation. That this officer, tntru?tcd with the com-
mand of oui army and the honor of our flag, shou d
appeal to ihe cupidity, the des're of plunder, and
the worst of numan pas-qons, in order to stimula e
his men to effort, is, I think, to be rrgrettt d by men
of all parties, ¡n ail sections of our country. Our
national flag, ¿Inch floated in prrud triumph at
Saratoga, which was enveloped in a blaze of glory
at Monmouth ?nd Yorktown, seems to have been
prost tuted in Florida to tpe base purpose of leading
on anorgamz'd company of "negro catchers." S.r,
no longer is "cm counny" the battle cry of our
army in their advance to v.ctory; but slaves has
become t! e watchword to m*pire them to effort.
No lmger djes ihe war-worn veteran, amid the
battled rage, think of his country's glory, and nerve
his arm m behalf of freedom, but wah eagle eyes
he watches the wavenng rank* cf the eiemy, and
as the smoke r.ses from the battle held, he plunges
an id their fleeing cohor's to se>z* upon the fable
f< e iba' he u ay make him his future slave.
But I intend to pursue this subject further. I
shall now 'how that this Government—this nation,
composed of twenty-six States, some holding slaves
and some d<nymg the r ght of man to hold his fel-
lon-man in slavery—has been made to deal in
slave*; to become 'he owner of slaves; that this
Admimstrat on, now just going out of power, has
dta.t in "human fltsb;" that the iunds of Govern-
ment, diawn from hepocketsot free laborers, have
betn paid for tie capture of fugitive slaves, and the
p-rcaaf of s'avfs captuied from the Seminole In-
dais Aid for that pu'pose I lefer to orr'er No.
175, aai d at Tampa Bay, Sep'ember 6, 1837. It
re^-is as follows:
' 1 TheSéminolene2ioes captured by theaimywill betaken
ou iccounE of Govern ireut, and held subject 10 the urder of the
Secieury of" War
"2 Ihe sum of eight thousatii d liars will be paid to the
Creek chiefs and warriors >w whom ¡hey were capiuied, or
wiio weie pie'-entat she cipime, in full for then claim to them
'3. To induce the Í reek Iidnssto take alive, and not de-
stroy the negroes of citi7ens who ha tbeen captured by the Se-
mmotei-, a tewald wa& pionased them for all Üieysínjujííse-
cure Thev crptiired f nd oecnred thirty five, who ha is been
leuiTcJ tuiwir emit. •?    ihe owners have Raid nothing, but
