Feb. 1841._______________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GEOBBi
26th Cong-•-2nd Sess.                           General Appropriation Bill—Mr. Stanly.
custom house upoa imported goods. No man, I
hope, sir, who knows that we live in a Republican
Government, is ¡*o deplorably ignorant as to say
that a tariff is unconstitutional. I find the 1st arti-
cle, section 8th of the Constitution, to be as fol-
lows:
"Congress shall hAve power to lay and collect taxes, duties,
l mposts, add excises, to pay the debts and provide for the com-
mon defence and general welfare," <fcc.
It is the first power conferred upon Congress by
the Constitution. Tne frarmrsof the Constitution
seem to have regarded it as of the most indispensa-
ble importance, for wuhout the means of raising
money we could not live one day, either in peace
or war; it is "the feather that supports the royal
bird and adorns his flight; strip him of his plumage,
and you fix him to the earth."
My fnend from Virginia takes Mr. Madison as
his model, he tells us. Well, sir, Mr. Madison
will answer for a model upon this question. I
find, during the first Congress, among the ear-
liest acts of legislation, that Mr. Madison, the
father of the Constitution, introduced a pro-
position for laying duties on ¡mposts. I have
consulted both acis of the first Congress, and
I perceive that chapter 1st regulates the time
and minner of administering certain oaths, the
qualification of the Speaker, the members, &c and
chapter 21 is "an act for laying a duty on goods,
wares, and merchandises imported into the United
States," the preamble of which is ais follows:
"Whereas it is necessary for the support of Government, foi
the discharge of the debts of the United States, and the en-
couragement and protection of manufactures, that duties be laid
on goods, wares and merchandises imported: Be it enacted,"
&c.
And, sir, I could but observe that George Wash-
ington, at ihat time President of the united States,
approved this law on the 4th day of July, 1789.
He could not have'been forgetful of that great day;
the scenes of our glorious Revolution ware still
fresh in his memory. He had enjoyed the advan-
tage of hearing the powers of the Constitutioa dis-
cussed before him. And he, acting under oath, on
this great day sanctioned this law; Mr. Madison,
the father of the Constitution, urging it upon Con-
gress; Washington, the President of ihe Conven-
tion which framed the Constitution, approving it.
It was "the voice of Jacob, but the hand of Esau."
Let us not say such men did not know what they
were doing.
In this, as it should always be, the interests of
different sections of the country were regarded.
Commerce, manufactures, and agriculture, each
received some share of protection.
In Mr. Jefferson's messages he recommends the
protection of manufactures. In his sixth message
he says, "Shall we suppress the impost and give
that advantage to foreign over domestic manufac-
tures?"
Mr. Madison repeatedly recommends protection
to manufactures. In his Inaugural Address he
speaks of the duty "to promoie, by authorized
means, improvements friendly to agriculture, to
manufactures, and to external as well as internal
commerce, to favor in like manner the advance-
ment of science, and the diffusion of information
as the best element of true liberty."
I am willing to take Mr. Madison as my "model,"
especially in his recommendation of the diffusion
of information.
Mr. Monroe in his iaaugural and messages re-
peats the recommendations of his predecessors in
strong language, and especially recommends pro-
tection and encouragement to manufactures.
It is well known that General Harrison concurred
with Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Madison in their Re-
publican opinions on this subject. The leading
Administration prints opposed him because he was
of opinion Congress had power to regulate a tariff,
not for revenue only, but also for the purpose of
protecting domestic manufactures. What his opi-
nions are upon this subject, he will inform us at a
proper time. I am not authorized to speak for
him.
Now, sir, as to the opinions of the "illusirious
predecessor" of the present "follower in the foot-
steps." In 1824, it is well known, General Jackson
wrote aletter to a gentleman in North Carolina, in
which he spoke very favorably of protection to
manufactures; he thought "a careful and judtcijus
tariff was much wanted to pay our national debt,
and to afford us the means within ourselves on
which the safety of our country and liber'y de-
pends," &c.
In 1828, General Jackson said, in a letter to the
Governor of Indiana: "I pray you, sir, respectfully
to iiate to the Senate of Indiana that my opinions
at present are precisely what they were in 1823-24,
when they were communicated by letter to Dr. Col-
man, of North Carolina, and when I voted far the
present tariff and internal improvements."
And yet, sir, "the South" voted for General
Jackson, and all that the Whigs of the present day
desire is "a careful and judicious tariff" to pay our
national debt.
I will not examine the course of Mr. Van Buren
•upon the tariff question. We all know he voted
for the most abominable tariff laws. We all know
what he said in his disgraceful sheep speech, of the
motives which influenced his vote. His conduct
upon the tariff question was unworthy an Ameri-
can statesman. He deceived the South in 1828,
and was reproved for it.
To examine Mr. Van Buren's course on this sub-
ject would be to censure him. This I do not de-
sire to do. With all his patronage, so corruptly
used; with his thousands of office holders election-
eering for him; with his convenient Secretaries;
notwithstanding his promises a,nd his personal ef-
forts, the American;., people have consigned him to
oblivion. Let him rést in pesfce, if he can. Worse
men may, by accidebt, be placed in the Presiden-
tial chair; a worse* President we can never have.
Let him go to Kindeqiook/ I hope he will take
with him a cashmere ihaW], with a bottle of otto of
rsses, from his "great ánij?good Inend," the Imaum
of Muscat.                    i
Here, then, is the plan recommended and adopted
by Washington and Madison for raising revenue;
the best and most equal, the least oppressive plan
ever devised by the wit of man. When duties are
paid on articles imported, especially luxuries, the
man who does not buy surely does not pay any tax.
The necessaries of life, such as are used by the
great body of the people, ought not to be taxed,
further than it is indispensably necessary for the
wants of the Government. But the consumers of
silk?, linens, and wines,being able to pay, have no
right to complain of the action of Government.
The tax paid by imposing duties on imports is
purely voluntary. The farmer who makes his
own silk, or clothes his family in articles manu-
factured on his own farm, pays no tax on these ar-
ticles. Those who are indireeily taxed through the
custom-house never feel the tax imposed <m them.
And now, sir, let us see why this venerated cus-
tom, this time-honored usage, is sought to be aban-
doned. Let us inquire what plan is to be substi-
tuted for Ihis, bequeathed to us from our Revolu-
tionary sires, handed down to us with the approba-
tion of the framers of the Constitution.
I regard this proposed system of direct taxation
as anti-republican, and calculated to be oppres-
sive to the people. I have not time to discuss the
horrors of such a system fully, nor do I think it
necessary. To mention it is enough to insure its
condemnation. No respectable portion of the
American Congress can be so lost to all reason as
to attempt to adopt the plan of direct taxation.
We never will, I hope; lose sight of the path mark-
ed out for us by the iramers of our Government—
the path trodden in this respect by Washington,
Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Adams, and Jaekson.
We will never leave a well-tried and beautiful
system, under which we have nourished so won-
derfully, to try the experiments of a few aair-
brainsd, Hotspur politicians.
I not only object to this mad scheme on account
of its impracticability, but because I fear the advo-
cates of it themselves expect no great good from it.
They do not seem anxious to promote the prosperi-
ty of the whole country, but they exhibit feelings
of embittered opposition to the Union. Mr. Wood-
bury recommended this plan as one which- was
"defensible," as he said; and ihe country has said
it was opposed to the "grindstone" measures—the
Sufc-Treasury and direct taxation.
This system is revolting to the feelings of an
American citizen. It never can be effectually car-
ried out, unless by an armed fores.   The thought
is worse than ridiculous, that this Government, in*
stead of the present mode, which exempts all from -
taxation who do not choose to buy imponed arti-
cles, should create hundreds of thousands of tax >
collectors, who would invade the sanctity of pri-
vate life, intrude into every man's house, take an
inventory of all his goods and chattels, his house-v
hold furniture, lake an account of his hogs, his cat-
tle, his com and wheat, and collect a tax on them,
to pay their own salaries, to put money in the
keeping of sub-treasurers, or in Loco Foco pet
banks, to be used for electioneering purposes. It
can never meet the sanction of a free people.
They will never allow Federal tax-gatherers, the
instruments of Executive power, te examine, at
their arbitrary discretion, into their domestic af-
fairs. To carry out the power, the officer mast be ,
invested with the right to search the houses of the
people. They must have power to compel submis-
sion to their authority—the invaluable privilege of' •
tr.al by jury could not be preserved under .such a
state of things. The advocates of this scheme had
better wait until the people sanction the "plan" re-
commended to our consideration by Mr. Van Bu-
ren, of erganiztng an army of two hundred thou-
sand men.
Sir, if Aaron's hand was stretched out over this
land, over the streams, over the rivers, and over
the ponds, and brought upon us the plague of
frogs, we should not be more sorely afflicted than
by this monstrous system of direct taxation.
And now, sir, I wish to examine a little the
p3culiar "opinions" of the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Rhett] and his clique, who advo 
ca'e a system of direct taxation in opposition to
laying duties upon imports. That I may not be
misunderstood, Mr. Chairman, I wish to repeat,
that, in examining, as I intend to do, with freedom,
the opinions of the gentleman from South Caroli-
na, I do not intend to use personalities. I wish to
discuss doctrines, and doctrines alone.
I shall contend, Mr. Chairman, that ths issue
before the American people is a system of imposts,
of duties on imported articles, with our present
Union, on the one side, and a system of direct taxa-
tion, with disunion, on the other.
[Here Mr. Rhett asked Mr. Stanly to inform
him who had advocated disunion in connection
with direct taxation.]
Mr. Stanly said, if Ihe gentleman will be pa-
tient I will show him. If I do not satisfy him, I
think I can satisfy the House of the correctness of
what I say. And, to be short, I would say to the
gentleman, in perfect candor, as Nathan said unto
David, "Thou art the man." I think I can show
that not only the gentleman himself, but: some of
his friends who approve of direct taxation are also'
avowing doctrines calculated to cool' the attach-
ment which now exists for our Unien,
I wi.l furnish what I deem the proofs of what I
have said. I will not charge upon gentlemen,
wantonly, the desire of dissolving the Union, but í
do charge them with cherishing and endeavoring to
propagate opinions which must inevitably lead to '
disunion if they receive favor from any respectable
portion of the country. ■
I was a good deal^amnsed, Mr. Chairman, by
reading; in the early part of this session, a corres-   •
póndence between a distinguished Senator, {Mr.   -
Webster,] and the gentleman from Sooth Caroli-
na, [Mr. Rhett.]   The gentleman'.will allow me   •
to say, a correspondence conducted'and published'
with a considerable flourish onhispart.   It seems, '
if I understood the matter rightly, that "the gentle- ''
man from South Carolina   denied that he ever
avowed a wish to bring "the North to the grinds
stone." Now, sir, I think the gentleman has avow-
ed the wish, or he has threatened to do so.
Mr. Rhett asked Mr. S. when such a wish or
threat had ever been made by him?
Mr. Stasw said, I will read to the gentleman
some of his own language.
I hold in my hand, sir, a pamphlet entitled "The
Q.u;rist," in which the writer takes the same view'
oí the language of the gentleman, as that taken by
myself. He says "Mr. R. B. Rhktt, a South Ca- ■
rolina member of Congress, -has, it appears, '
buckled on his armor;—denounces the tariff as nn^
constitutional—insists on a total modifeatibft-'of
it—a recourse to direct- taxes—arid !3¿«ítfcáis"tis
