360
APPENBEX TO THE CONGRESSION GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th Cong------2nd Sess.
General Appropriation Bill—Mr. Stanly.
H. of Reps.
the public lands, that every poor child in the State
may be educated; while most of the Virginia poli-
tician^ are strenuously resisting the distribution of
our land money.
I confess, Mr. Chairman, that I do feel proud of
the present political condition of North Carolina.
I think in our recent political contest she sustained
an important and highly honorable part.   In the
doll and piping times of peace, she may have slept;
but when she saw the rapid approaches of the Exe-
cutive towards a despotism; she came forward gal-
lantly to the rescue of the Constitution—to the res-
cue of liberty,    The words of the great novelist,
in speaking of the character of his countrymen,
may, I hope, without vanity, be applied to North
Carolina: "It has often been remarked (he said) of
the Scottish character, that it shows most to advan-
tage in adversity, when it seems akin to the native
sycamore of her hills, which, scorning to be in-
fluenced by the prevailing breeze, shows no wea-
therside to the storm, but shoots out its branches
with equal boldness in every direction—it may be
broken, but can never be bended."   So stands
North Carolina, steadily in the path of duty; true
to the Constitution, true to herself, and, therefore,
true to the Union.    Her sons, instead of dwelling
upon the deeds of their ancestors, and resting in
the shade of the great actions of others, bear about
in their hearts the never-dying recollection of those
deeds, and continually endeavor to advance her
welfare, and make her, a* she is destined to be, one
of the first States of this Union.   She stands firm,
uninfluenced, unswayed, by the boastings and rant-
ing  of her "immediate neighbors."   She stands
between them, like her own Pilot mountain—
Mount Ararat among her western hills, a distin-
guished land-mark in the desert, to which the wea-
ry pilgrim who may be lost in clouds of metaphy-
sical sophistries, in the impenetrable bogs of Jeffer-
sonian abstractions and "strict constructions," may
turn his eyes with undoubting confidence that in her
borders he will find comfort and repose.
Mr. Chairman, I have consumed a great deal
more time than I wished or intended. I will bring
my remarks to a close as speedily as possible.
I have mentioned, Mr. Chairman, that some
others besides the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Rhett] appeared to favor direct taxation.
The gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson,]
if I understood him correctly, found fault with the
system of indirect taxation. The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Hubbard] said "direct taxation
ought not to be denounced;" and, sir, the same
gentleman said, in the spirit and manner of the ad-
vocates of direct taxation, "the gentleman from
New York would have trouble if he attempted to
enact a tariff law"—a protective tariff I presume
he meant. I should be glad to know what the gen-
tleman meant by "trouble."
[Mr. Hobbard was understood to say, if a pro-
tective tariff should be fixed upon the Southern coun-
try, the people of his State would not ¡«ubmit.
Mr. Stanly asked, what does the gentleman
mean by not submitting?
Mr. Hubbaud said he meant resistance by any
means, by force.]
Mr. Stanly said, I expected to hear the gentle-
man say so; it furnishes additional evidence that a
spirit of disunion animates these advocates of di-
rect taxation. The gentleman , also said, if I un-
derstood him, that "the people oí the new States
would not submit to distribution." Let me ask the
gentleman what he will say if New York, Ohio,
and Pennsylvania were to say, or either of them,
that they would not submit to pre-emption laws?
If New York should tell us she would not submit
to a United States Bank? What is to be the cha-
racter of our Ugislation if remarks of this kind
are indulged in?
I wish to notice but one remark more of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhbtt,] He
told us he felt it to be peculiarly his duty, coming
from South Carolina, to resist the proposition to
tax wines and silks. One would suppose, from
Ihe gentleman's manner of treating the subject, that
the people of his district and State consumed more
wines and silks than the people of all the other
States together. I understand that gentleman
has not more than a thousand voters in his dis-
trict.
[Mr. Rhett was understood to say about fifteen
hundred.]
Well, sir, fifteen hundred. Why, sir, my dis-
trict gives about six thousand, and there are seve
ral others in my State which give a much larger
vote. And I have the vanity to suppose, sir, that
my constituents make as much use of  ilks and
wines as the constituents of the gentleman from
South Carolina. I believe also, sir, that they have
as much good sense, and can as readily perceive
when they are oppressed, as the South Carolina
people.
It is really   ridiculous,   sir, to hear gentlemen
from that State speak so feelingly cf their "oppres-
sions" by these "plundering"  tariff  laws.    Why,
sir, the district of  my   friend   from   Illinois [Mr.
Stüart] gives nearly 60,000 votes !    Yes, a single
district.    These hardy people in Illinois, although
they are able and willing to encounter danger and
hardships, still they know  the comforts of luxu-
ries; they  clothe   their wives   and   daughters in
silks.    They know what wine is.   Now, sir, com-
pare this District with the Slate of South Carolina.*
I have ascertained, by applying at the   State De-
partment, that   the "total number of white males
over 21 yeais is 53,705"—fifty-three thousand se-
ven hundred and five, in the whols State!    North
Carolina gave more than 80,000 votes for President
last November.   Ohio gave more  than one  hun-
dred and seventy thousand votes at the last elec-
tion.    Does the gentleman believe Sonth  Carolina
consumes more luxuries than all these Buckeyes?
Why,   sir, I know they have a reasonable attach-
ment for "hard cider," but they  love good   wine,
and they drink it, and their wives and daughters,
as well as ladies elsewhere, deck themselves in silks.
Does not the gentleman suppose that Pennsylvania
with more than two hundred and eighty   thousand
votes, cons-umes her share of these luxuries?    I beg
the gentleman to think of the glorious Empire State
—of New York, with her four hundred and thirty-
eight thousand voters—with a population of more
than two million three hundred thousand: does he
not think they consume some   luxuries?   I know
something of New York.    I never hear her name
without  emotions of pleasure.    I  was there last
year, sir, and saw her people assembled together,
twenty and thirly thousand ata time.    I heard the
welkin ring with their shouts as the glad tidings of
victory came in from North Carolina.    I gazed
with admiration and pride at her magnificent pub-
lic works, and while borne  along, as if by magic,
through her rich valleys and fruitful hills, I felt at
home; her territory was part of my country, her ci-
tizens were brothers; we  were all struggling toge-
ther, with one mind and one spirit, in resisting the
encroachments of power.   While I ^azed in won-
der and astonishment at the majestic cataract on
her northern border—a scene which nature seems
to have made for her own gratification—even this
was  insignificant in comparison  with the  moral
Niagara of a noble people like hers, casting aside
all attachment for her degenerate son, and gallant-
ly coming to  the rescue of the country.   It is not
only a glorious country, but it is inhabited by a no-
ble race of men—men of, strong arms and stout
hearts.    Sir, I wish the gentleman from South
Carolina would visit that country.    He ought to go
there, and see what industry and enlightened pub-
lic spirit can do in a wilderness.   Look at her cha-
ritable institutions, her asylums for the deaf and
dumb, for the blind, her common schools.  He will
see the difference between a people, a working peo-
ple, guided by the lessons  of experience and com-
mon seme, and one whose leaders are eternally
in chase of sea serpents and jack-c-lanthorns  in
politics.
Instead of finding a nation of "plunderers," as
he and the South Carolina clique seem to regard
•The population of South Carolina is: Total number of
whites, 259,002; free colored, 8,279; slaves, 387,158—total ag-
gregate, 594,439.
our Northern people, he will find an educated,
hospitable, brave, and intelligent population. Yes,
sir, they have been "plunderers" once; they may
be again, if honor reqcires it; ihey are ready and
able to "plunder" a British army, if our soil should
be invaded. I wish the gentleman would go there
and look at that noble work, her Erie Canal, by
which New York is making Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Michigan, yes, even the Territory of Wiskonsan,
tributary to her. Let him go there, and while
upon the glad waters of Lake Erie he thinks of the
name of Perry, and does not fsel his heart beat
with pride, if he does not feel that even there he is
at home, he has not an American heart in his
bosom.
Mr. Chairman, if I can be excused while I say a
few words upon a proposition I introduced some
time since, I will conclude.
In June, 1836, Congress ordered the surplus
money in the Treasury on the 1st January, 1837,
excepting five millions of dollars, to be deposited
with the States. The sutn to be distributed was
137,468,859 97.
This sum had arisen from the sales of the public
lands. It was intended to be a distribution bill—it
was so declared at the time. It was called a depo-
site to save it from the veto of the the  President,
who had defeated the distribution bill by the law-
less exercise of his. power. He would have vetoed
this bill, but that he knew it would be passed, in
spite of his objections, by twe-thirds of both Houses.
At the extra session in September, 1837, a law was
pas5ed, at the recommendation of the President,
withholding the payment of the fourth instalment
from the States.
Many of the Slates have regarded this as a dis-
tribution bill- Some of them have divided it among
their citizens; others have appropriated it to pur-
poses of internal improvements. Even the act of
1837 gives proof that Congress intended the money
should be paid to the States. The law proposed to
withhold the fourth instalment until otherwise pro-
vided by law. On the motion of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Pickens,] it was post,
poned until the 1st day of January, 1839. That
day has come and passed. The money is not yet
paid. The Sub-Treasurers may tell where it is; I
cannot.
It is a debt due to the States. Public honor, na-
tional faith, public justice, demands that it should
be paid. I fear there is no hope that this Congress
will do justice to the States. That the next Admi-
nistration will, I feel confident.
I was under a pledge to bring in a bill to pay the
fourth instalment to the States; but the dominant
party in this House have prevented the considera-
tion of the bill. On the 12th of February, I asked
leave of the House to introduce a bill to pay the
fourth instalment whenever the public debt should
be paid. Leave was refused—ayes 66, noes 83.
And, sir, there was but one supporter of the Admi-
nistration among the yeas! This conclusively
shows the feeling of the Van Buren party.
Mr. Mallory of Virginia said he had voted for
it as an act of courtesy to the gentleman from
Nonh Carolina.    He was opposed to the bill.
Mr. Stanly said: There is no gentleman in this
House from whom I should feel more honored by
an act of courtesy than the gentleman from Vir-
ginia; but, sir, I presume he was the only one who
was opposed to the bill that voted with that motive.
I wish, sir, to lay a duty on luxuries to pay this
fourth instalment.
I have a table before me, taken from a public
document, which shows the amounts paid each
State by the three instalments. The third column
contains the amounts due each State, proposed to
be paid by the bill I wished to introduce. And I
wish gentlemen to observe that the fourth column
shows the amount which each State must be taxed
to refund, if Mr. Woodbury's proposition to recall
the deposites should hereafler prevail.
FbomSbnate Doc. No.;i4,26thCoN«BESs—1st Session.
statement in answer to the first question contained in the
resolutions of the Senate oj the United States, passed Feb-
ruary 16,1839, showing Me amount of money deposited
with the several States under the act of June 23,1836, ano)
