362
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan. 1841.
26th Cong......2nd Sess..
7jeasury Note Bill—Mr. Southa^d^
Senate
My friend from Virginia said the land money
could not be separated from the money arising from
customs. If this argument be good, no man who
is the administrator of more than one estate, guar-
dian of more than one child, or trustee for several
persons, (ail of which frequently takes place,) no
one, in such circumstance"), could be forced to set-
tle his accounts This General Government is a
trustee; admit that, we can distribute peaceably and
fairly.
I confidently look forward to the time when this
fourth instalment will be paid—when national faith
and honor will be regarded. I will not saffi-r a
doubt to rest in my mind that the distribution bill
will yet be the law of the land Common sense
and common justice demand it Your suffering
country demands it. After the fitful existence of
the present party shall have ended, let us pin our
efforts to put down Loco Focoism forever Let us
not, in our struggles for parly ascendency, forget
we have a country to serve I most fervently hope
I shall see the day when this great measure shall
pass; when North Carolina shall successfully esta-
blish a system of common schools. I long to be-
hold the day when the school house and the temples
of the living God shall be in the reach of every
family in ber borders. Let not the glorious revolu-
tion of 1840 be without us benefits to tho„e lo whom
we are chiefly indebted for it—the log cabin men of
the country.
Educate the poor, elevate the condition of those
who are to be our re'ianee in peace, our defence in
war. Let every man m the nation be able to read
his bible, and the farewell address of ihe Father of
his country. Let it be known that bj education,
industry, and perseverance, the highest honois oí
our Government are in the reach of the humblest
citizen Diffuse education, and jou advance the
Christian religion, and the abominable doctrine* of
Loco Focoism, disunion, and direct taxation, will
no longer find encouragement m any poitton ol our
free and happy country
Mr. Chairman, m bringing forward the proposi-
tion to raise revenue as I have mentioned, I was
influenced by a desire to serve the whele country "
My friend from Virginia [Air Wise] said, m spe ik
mg of this tariff question, with an air of triumph,
"Try it, and see who will take the back track, like
boys from a hornet's nest " I know, sir, it is
much easier, and sometimes thought best, to swim
with a popular current than to oppose it, although
we may believe opposition to be right. 1 have
thought otherwise I like to take a little responsi-
bility—I feel that I can safely rely upon the inte-
grity, common sense, and patriotism of my consti-
tuents
But, sir, if Ihey should, as my friend intimated,
disapprove of my conduct, I am ready to meet
them. I should glory in being left at hime by the
attempt to discharge my duty I have never
sought office, I ne«er will. I am ready to go to
my constituents, as I did m the case of the ridicu-
lous Atherton caucus, and tell them, if they disap-
prove of my conduct, I shall be happy in defeat.
The hornet's, stings have no terrors tor me. Keep
away the hornet stings oí conscence, give me the
satisfaction of knowing I have discharged my duty
to North Carolina and to the country, and tucces ;
is comparatively nothing.
I fear, sir, my ardent devotion to North Caroli-
na may appear to aome rather akin to Virginia
boastm?, which I have censured. I hope not
Though I love her honor and wish to ptomote her
welfare, the wish does not monopolize my heart
It is nearest to it, but it is not alone To love
North Carolina is to love the Union—he who iovts
the Union must respeet the old North Slate, for in
all past conflicts she has nevet been shaken in her
attachment to her sister States No mater how
violently the storm of Locofoco Abolition, aided by
foreign influence, may prevail in one «ection, or
the ndiculons fury of direct taxation, prompted by
the spirit of disunion, may rave ?nd fret in .ne-
ther, the North State stands firm and unshaken,
yes, firm as the far-famed and most dangerous
prsmonotory on her coast—particular portions m *y
be separated for a while, but the great body will
remain steady, defying even the rage of Ocean it-
self—yes firm as the hearts of her people are in
devotion to true Republican principles and in un-
dying attachment to our glorious Union
I wish to make her like New York in internal im-
provements, like Massachusetts and Connecticut
are abounding in school-houses and in charitable
institution's. I wish her to imitate her sister States
in this exhil ltion of true Yankee feeling and spirit,
the true American «pint which in war shows itself
at the point of the bayonet, not in words, in peace,
in cultivating the arts and promoting the good of
the whole peop e. And, sir, if I fall, as mv friend
from Virginia anticipates, let me fall. Tne interest
of my country and my State demand that I alvo-
cae this measure That man is fortunate whose
happy lot it is to fall in the service of his State.
He leaves an invaluable legacy to h s children. I
desire no greater honor, I shall be "twice blessed"
if I can enable those, by whom I may be remem-
bered, to say of me he fell m th  service of his
country.
SPEECH OF MR. SOUTHARD,
Or NEW JERSEY
In Senate, January 15 and 16, "1841—On the per-
manent preemption bill, and 'fie amendments
proposed to it
Mr SOUTHARD said that hj; wished to express
the views which he entertained oivthe subject of
the present bill. And though he could not but
regret the late hour at which h£ vfos compelled to
commence, jet, as he derretí that no delay
should be occasioned on his account, he would
proceed.
1 understand (sjid Mr. S ) the questions before
the Senate to be, first, on the amendment moved
by the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
huin ] which proposes a cession of all the public
lands io the States in which they lie, with a par-
tial graduation of their price when in the handi ot
the States This was offered m the form of an
amendment to a previous amendment proposed
by the Senitor from Kentucky, [Mi Critten-
den,] whio'i provided for a eiisinbution of the
proceeds of the public domain among all the
frutes of the Union, with a partial pre erup-
tion granting to the settler, if his property
was not worth over a thousand dolla.s, three hun-
dred and twenty acres of land at the Government
price It is possible that I might bring my mind
to consent to all these matter*, in a modified form—
I might vote for something in the shape of pre-
emption and graduation, provided they should be
strictly limited and placed on safe principles
—butfor neither, unless limited with a plan of dis-
tribution
In approaching this question, permit me to re-
mark, m the first place, that I cannot consent to
act here undsr what I regard only as a thieat,
founded on the power which may in future be ex-
erted, if we do not consent to yield up these lands
now The Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Seviír]
was pleased to commence and to close his remarks,
addressed as they were, or shcu'd have been, to the
intelligence and judgment of ihe Senate, with a di-
rect intimation that we must now do what was re-
quired of us, or, when there should be power m
ihe new States to enforce their will on this subject,
«e should be compelled to yield to necessity. I do
not understand tha' kind of arpument as addressed
to the intellect, and much leu to the conscience of
a Senator, in the di charge of his high duty When
a great question is to be discus ed, I do not com-
prehend how my judgment is to be made to yield
by having it «aid to me, give these lands no , or
hereafter we will take them as soon as wc shall
hn\e strength to do £0 I am not to beconvinced
by an argument of that character If the dictates
ot my judgment and a solemn sense of public
duty lead me to refuse my assent to measure-, pro-
posed here, no appeal to futu e power, no threat
of future vengeance, will induce me to recoid my
vote in then iavor. Such questions should be de-
cided wi hout reference to threats of any kme', and,
in my apprehension, they are very ill-applied to a
body like this, cons sting of the high representa-
tives of State?, and standing here under the shield
of'he Constitution, for the protection of the rights
of the people and the States which sent them
Again.   There has been introduced in the pre-
sent argument much which relates to the catch-
words of p*rty, and the emblems and ensigns em-
ployed in the time of the election, to obtain the
benefit of the impression they might make amidst
the excitement of such a scene. I ask, what havs
these to do with the grave questions, to whom be-
long the public lands1 and what is the duty of Go-
vernment in their management? These questions
are very little connected with log cabins. What
have they or other political emblems to do with
the inquiry, what is now our duty? Was the
word log cabin mtreduced both into the bill and the
title, as reported from the Land Commutee, by way
of sneer' And can a «neer conquer the judgment
or convince the conscience? Or are these things
intended to foiwarJ electioneering and paity pur-
poses? The question before us is far higher than
those connected with the temporary occupacy of
the Executive chair. It connects itself with the
origin and foundation of our institutions— vish all
that has followed from that eventful moment to the
pres nt—and it presses on all that is hereafter to
effect our children and our children's children.
Such a question had no appropriate connection with
electioneering emblems
It is. proper that I should thus notice these things,
because I intend, as far as 1 can control my
feelings, to avoid entirely all such allusions; and
whenever I find myself approaching, in the course
of my argument, any point to which tbey have been
directed, I will endeavor to prevent myself from
turning aside to reply to the arguments derived
fiom them
This is said to be a question of great excitement.
It is so, but it ought to be so only because of the
magnificent and profound interest which is inherent
in the subject itself It should not be a question of
that specie  of excitement referred to in the debate,
and which is found here, and in the State Legisla-
tures, and among politicians, to a far greater de-
gree than among the plain, laborious, unsophisti-
cated portion of the community, either in the
West or the East. It is easy to see why it is here
made a question of great excitement, and the mo-
tives which lead gentlemen to mike it so. It is to
exciting in the Legislatures of some of the States
because it is a question which addresses itself to
the removal of the most painful of all th  dutieg
which the members of those bodies have to dis-
charge If a system of pre-empnon and graduation
and cession could be fully accomplished upon
terms which they desire, ihcy would be relieved
from many onerous duties Taxation would giva
them no trouble, internal improvements become a
light burden, our joint properly be the easy remedy
lor such difficulties Theie is no mystery m the
reason why politicians and legislatures make this a
question of excitement, but it should be freed from
all such associations and influences Here is an
immense domain, the common property of the Uni-
ted States It is admitted even now, and has been,
in this debate, to be the common property of the
whole Union, and the question is, what obligation,
undei the history of the Revolution, the terms of
cession, and the principles of the Union, rests upon
us in the management and disposal of this great
common property1
The first plan is offered to us by the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] and proposes) a
distribution of the whole domain, lying within nine
of the States, to those States. It gives it to them,
and they either take it, by cesssion, and obtain
the legal title to it, and perfect control over it, or
they are to be the agents of this Government for
its management. From the argument of the Sena-
tor, I could not distinctly understand whether his
ain^adment was intended to secure on absolute ces-
sion to those States, so that Congress can no
longer have any control over the property—or
whether the States are to be regarded as the agenis
of ihe General Government, to carry out its purpo-
ses, and to riMke return to it of the results of their
agency. In the fust case, that of an actual cession
of the whole territory to the States, the United
States lose tneir title to the land, if they have one,
and the States require it, and ha/e the land as their
own, abs «lute, indefeasible inheritance. When
this shall be the case, if the doctrines which have
been advanced by gentlemen from the new States
be correct, all the obligations which those States
