Jan. 1841.
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Southard
S67
Senate.
or just for them or others, the partakers of a like
dctiny to seek to deprive Ihose ihey left behind,
of their own blood, and, in a less enviable condi-
tion, of their share in the common inheritance?
Let me suppose a case, and use the pronoun I
I have a brother We inherit a tew acres of worn
out land m a narrow State We have also a
common property in the West—a properly from
which we derive an income I choose to remain
and manage my share of ihe paternal estate, to let
the incense still burn on the family altar, and
meet, as I may, the destiny of the family hearth-
stone. He chooses to part with his portion—take
its proceed;, and adventure ¡o our Western pro-
perty He does so And the mome-t I e arrives
and pays the required sum, to have apart setoff
to bis exclusive use—ne tells me that he has a
right to my share a so—that he is a pioneer—that
he has encountered the penis of fie wilderness—
that he has merits fir beyond mine—that I must
yield to him—and if I do not, he either has or
soon will have the strength to Uke what he claims
—and he will take that which is mine—mine by
the sacrifice of Revolutionary blood—mine by the
dearest price which human nature can pay—mine
by the compacts and convenants of the Revolu
tionary hour He may succeed—but if he does,
t is the triumph of unlicensed power over right and
ustice.                                S.
But I deny the authority^ in another aspect
How do Congress hold these lands? and what is
your authority over trem? We don t own these
lands. We only represent those who do We
are the trustees for their management Can a
trustee, at his pleasure, part with ihe\rust fund.,
and put it out oí his hands, and cither\ive it of
confide its management to anothei? AreVwejfhy
thing more or le*s than trustee ? Congreso it is
true, must, under the ConsU'utii. 11, determine on
disposition of the lam., but they do it m their rela
Hon to a trust fund Have we =.ny power lo part
wilh the funo? Where is sue1! power given to us?
And where, too, is that other principle which is
involved in the amendment—'he power to appoint
trustees of our own choice, under ourselves12 In
what court of equity, m what court of honor, m
what heart, can suci a doctrine find its sarction?
You have been appointed a trustee, and, without
any authority from vour principal, you are to nand
over your rust to another Such an act would be
denounced in every court as a violation both of
honesty an J honor.
Disputants may debate about terms and expres-
sions They may rea on about the eflec s of
changes from the old Confederation and tne old
Congress, to the new and ex is in g Givernmeat
But are we not, by these c >ange-., waic1) have b ea
made by those tcr >vhe>m the trjst is held, put in 'he
place and stead of ihose vho first rccevei the
trust? JLMes not tnis Q vernm'nt repr^e t, and
by their will and then command, those in wnom
they first confided'' Is it not, with a mere change
of form and name, the same trustee? Do nut all
ihe original responsibil ties and du íes rest upon
us, in all their force? A d can we avoid them,
without quibbles, unworthy of an advocate, in
the humblest tribuna? No, Mi Present, \ie
stand here, in possession of the tiu^t property,
bound to execute it—to execute it faithfully, ac-
coiding to the original purposes to nhich it was
d voted. Ihere is not an honest and intelligent
chancery on earth, which, if it could reach
us, would not compel us so to dischargi our
duty.
But it may be asked how, then, ate you to
divide and distribute that fund? I shall not enter
at this moment into a discussion of that pait of the
subject, but will remark that ihe petsons among
whom we propose to divide i¡ e inheritance are the
very per ons from whom v; have received the
trust who own and are competent to decide for
themselves on their interests They are compe
tent to ¡ecetve it. They are the ownei we are
trustees If ihey say to us, keep the title, but
divide the proceeds among us, pnd we obey their
mandate, is taeieany violation of ju t ce or law
in such a division? It is the only mode by which
we cas effect the just application of a common
fund.   Graduation and pre-emption apply the fund
only to a few of the o \neis—nit equally among
thei all But when you distribute the proc eds
you can do exact and equal justice to all and to
every pan of the Union I can see noth ng either
m the law or in the terms of the contract, or the
princ pies of jus'ice, vhich forbids me to adopt
the measure So far from it, I think I see in it
the onk and last hope < f tno e w ho made the pur-
cha e to r ceive one do! ar of their money. If you
will not agree to di>tr bute the proceeds, they must
bu> iheir account to lose the whole. Whst hope
can New Jersey, or Connec'icut, or Rhode Hand
entertain of receiving pny return for th„ millions
they have paid and all the labor they have be-
stowed to earn this rich lnhfritsnce? Not , none
And if you go on with )our pre-emption bills, and
your graduation bi'ls,and jour c ssion bill, ml
you have parted with the last acre out of your pos
session, then will have been accomplish d before
the civilized world a grand exhibition of the
juslice of Republican co-nmum tes After the
country his unitfd in an arduous and ?gon zing
struggle for national independence, and poured out
its blood 1 ke water, and secured for those to come
after ihem a rich inheritance of free prmcip'es and
social happiness, one of the sreat prizes which they
won is seized and ravished from the possession of
those who gained it, and vho suffered for it Is
this jour Republican justice?
But we are told that this domain is a subject of
constant difficult) m the transactions of our publ c
business—that it is a prize to be fought fe-—a
^ptake for which political gaaiDlers will aiways be
contending—and that, if we would have any
peace, it rru t be lemoved from our control That
these lands will always be held out as a bribe by
the ambitious where vuth to obtain power, thai we
d< not possess sufficient firmness and v rue to re-
sm, and that such a bid w d be nade for votes,
through the promise of this vast territory, as must
di turb all the future resular action of the Govern-
ment I nay be s0 Bjt I ihmk that, if there
have been bids made, the bid of the Senator from
S nth Carolina [Mr C ] far outstrips the whole of
them—an 1 I hope no future dealer in th" oommo
dity will be able to equal him But is itso? That
Congress cannot perform its regular legis'^tive duty
on account of the immense pr zj which the pi bh<!
domain holds out to amti tous men and to parties
w thin >ti Hills? I am reluctant to believe it B.n
if it be true, by wtntn i= the bribe offered? ¿>nd on
wnom docs i* aci? It mus  be of red b, th" new
States, or by those who c jrt their favor They
have ihe lands withm th ir limits Their politicians
cm make bids, but tW e from the old States can
rotsowell do it, w hout the desperate bazar's
which ambition i , sometime , mad enough lo <n-
counttr
When I hear gen'lemen siy t at th°re is a politi-
cal gai^  to be pla ed by means ¡f the public
lands, what am I to understand but that th<> new
Su es hold a great prize and lhat they can onVr it
to ii-^ehasten d ambition, if it gratify their w shes
A political o ame? Where? Where does it ope-
rate? Not, sarelv, on the great m-ss of h  p<-op e
of thiscoun ry 1 do not believe the p bite kids,
if they w re vvortn ten times as much, eojid b-ihe
the Amencan people to give their suffrages in any
quarter which (he r judgments aid their hearts do
not approve Ore thirg I know, tint w aspirant
for pover or place can puteiase the vot s of New
Ji-rsey at any such price How it rmy be wi h
others, I can only judge by what I see of the virme
and (on«i>.teney of those wnorepre ent them—and
by their conduct
In connection wuh th s idea of oui corruptibility,
by means of the public lands it occurs to me that
another sjggest'on o worJiv of «orne notice It
comes, however, ft en a afferent quarer, and is
subject to another C0H5.I1UC ton It i- his tint ot.r
poatical affairs have ceen ma'ter of stock specula-
tion on the Exchange of London The inference
—if any inference is intended to be diawn—sru t
he, that London s'eckjobbers and London capit?-
hsts have some connection with ti e party opposed
to the existing Administra! on, and have had some
influence in the recent election, and must have
some in its future results and effects And the Ad-
ministration—the Executive—by its acknowledged
organ, announces such to be their true opinion; an
organ on which it «eems more to rely than on any
and all oth«r means and instruments of defence—
pride themselves as these means and instruments
may Now, to me, this is a marvellous idea, suit-
ed, indeed, to the sense of right and wrong of any
editor, sold, soul and body, to his part}; but reck-
less of every consequence save one—success But,
when offered on this floor, it should be sustained by
evdence, which might at least afford an apology
for asserting a fact which, if true, inflicts unending
degradation upon our country So far as relat s
to the late election, I have said that I could not,
'•ere, and on thi* occasion, discuss it. I have
proved that, at other ti r es and other places, I was
not slow, however msxpert, io seize and wield the
weapons of political strife But other matters
claim our attention—far higher, both to my own
State and the Union, than the temporary possession
of Executive power, or the triumphs of the hour
to a party? But the character of the country, the
virtue and m'egnty of our widespread people, re-
quire that suggestions, coming with the pomp of
authori y and the confidence of influence, and
which must, however ihey may be intended, affect
the future action of the nation, should demand at
least an inquiry as lo the foundation on which they
rest
I ask them for the evidence What is it? So
far as yet developed, a banking-house in London
has written a letter, and articles in newspapers and
reviews, and perhaps some books, have been pub-
lished in London When, and in what case, has
it been established that this was the proper evidence
by which to try the character of our parties, or the
character and motives of our people? Since when
have opinions, emanating from that source, been
so much m favor as to be considered conclusive on
■such a point? Ctr, w e are changing rapidly, baaks
and banking-houses abroad are now regarded as
good guides in estimating the character of our par-
ties and people
But who is this bankinj-house?   What opinions
have they expressed?    What gives to their opi-
nions such weight?    How were they induced (o say
any thing on such a subject?   I understand ihem
to be an ordinary banking house in London, (Hulh
and Co )—dealers in steeds and money—one of the
Ptm being for the time a director in the Bank of
England     Th y  have no peculiar knowledge of
us, nor connection with us, nor rapacity to judge of
usirofeur nterests, characters, or motives    Ido
not know that ihey have tre slightest connection in
feeling or interest with the Whig party—though it
would seem that hey have with a portion, and that
not an unimportant one, of the supporters of the
present Ad"imi trotion     What induced  them  to
aive an  opm on?   The Stale of Mi soun chose to
i sue  cert"in  «lock,  or   obligation , which rested
upon toe resoonsibihiv of the Sta'e, and bv  which
mon y   v   s to be raised lo be used in ihe State
She chose to ser d, or permit 11 be sent, some of this
stock—this Sta p security—to London to pass it off
and get tnc money which was nefided     Her agent,
I pre time, sought the company, and not the com-
pany him, and the company was induced to  ma-
nage ihe secun íes for tne S ate, and sell them or
otherwise p-ocure the money    In all this what had
the Wnig party or ihe majority of the people to do?
Trey sure'y did not control Missouri while the
Senator  wa,   *o   commanding in his influence.
They did not send the securities to London     They
did not select the agent there   And if that agent;
the agent of an Administration State, and Adminis-
tration  interests, has expressed opinions, it does
not seem io accord very well with fairness and
justice to bind us or the peop'e of the country by
them     I v ould be as fair and as just to receive as
bind ng the allegations and opinions  oi the repre
sen ative oi lhat Statp, her Senator here, as conclu-
sive     I should hPtdly be willing ti place the evi-
dence of die agent in London above that of the se
lected representative of the State in Washington.
The latter holds a far more eomnandmg position
But wnat opinion do Huth and Co   express that
Hi evidence is to  be s0 controlling?    It seems to
me, m  substance, to be nothing more than this
that State securities, and thee of Mi'soun among
them, cannot be sold in the present condition of
