S68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841
26th Coji<3""2nd Sess.
things; and that those who wish to invest their
money in them are no* willing to do so because
-> they are fearful of the opinions, and pnnciplei,
and conduct which prevail, and which are to be
anticipated from the par y in pow^r m this country,
bnt that they would be somewhat relieved, and
more willing to buy, if the Opposition should suc-
ceed. Now, if this opinion be ever so absurd and
monstrous, I beg that we may not be saddled
with it, that, if rebuke is to be given, it be ap-
plied by that State to this unworthy agent, and
that he be taught by his principles more justice and
good sense and courtesy towards them It may bs
a difficult tisk foi him to alter his convictions
He buys and sells, not for himself, but for
those who desire to make sure and permament
investments. He does not buy to hold, but for
sale to otheri The London bioker  and banking-
houses are but the agencies through which the ie.
tired and quiet holder of money mikes his invest-
ments. And it he will not buy, they cannot sell
And could he or they buy with safety' Was there
not justice in the opinion expressed' proper
grounds on which any man would hesitaie to
hazard his property. Have not the General Go-
vernment and Administration States «?id and done
enough to make a prudent man pausi' Recollect
the course of one State, and her want of punctu
ahty in paying the ínteres), the avowed principle 
of the Executive of another State, the doctrine 
promulgated in so many quarters of influence, and,
worse if possible than all, the volunteer, unneces
sary resolutions of this body about assuming State
debts. If you had money to lend, would you lend
it those who avowed such punciples? Would jou
not prefer to lend it to those who entertained dif-
ferent principles, and acknowledged the unchang-
ing obligation of their bonds, in whosever hands
they might be found?
But enough of this I ought not to reason on
such a question on the floor ot this body B foie
the representatives of what are p oudly calku so
vereiga States, sh.aH it be s?id or insinuated, with
out rebuke, that th  people oí those Slates have
been influenced in their highest jet of sovereignty
by the exchange of London' K there money
enough in London and Fans, m Holland, or the
combined wealth of Europe, to bribe the voters
who decided the recent cleelion—¡o govern their
suffrages, when great pnncip'es of Government
and civil liberty are to be discussed and decider"!
Then have I miscalculated the virtue of my coun-
try men.
But tt the gold of Ban h banker ("id opeiite
with such a deadly aid resistless power, it must
have been somewhue, and can be po nied out I
ask where' In what State of the Un on? Was it
in Indiana? or Ohio? or Delaware' 01 Vermont? or
Massachusetts? 01 Connecticut? t r Rho hi Island?
or Georgia? or New Jeroej' 01 was it in Missouri?
or which of the States was biought *o us vole by
influence irom the London Exchange? Let Us
have some specification. And if no single S ,.te
be named, then I put it to Senator,,, and <>sk them,
one by one, to say whether it was their State thit
was "bought up by foie „'ii capitalists? Was it in
your State? or yours' or jours? No, no stock-
jobbing combinations could ever accomplish a po-
litical revolution such as lids changed the /40* ot
this entire land I have no belief m any such de
grading of persons or my country I plant mj-
self upon the intelligence, the honor, the virtu<, of
the American people, and I believe ih m far a jove
the reach of any such influences
I do not believe tie proposed scheme as lo the
lands will operate at all to leraove from our deh
berations here the struggle ot parly opimonb if
things have reached Ü at point or if we are seivi e
and money bought, wc had better at orce, give up
the Republic to the spoiler It is not worth smug-
gling for, if it had become already «0 corrupt as
such arguments assume Let each S naiot apply
them to hit own State, and is he thin* them me-
nted, let him be content But as applied to me
and to mine, I repel ihem with indignation
I have now concluded what I have to say ¡1 re-
gard to the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina.
The amendment proposed by the honorable Se-
nator  from Kentucky [Mr   Crittenden] comes
Treasury JVote Bill------Mr. Southard.
next. I Have already exore sed some of my opi
nions in regard to thaf. But I now repeat «he ex-
pression of my r-eirty concurrence in a part of his
amendment I have said that I might be induced
to go bo h for pre-emption and graduation, pro-
vided th¿y are connected with distribution, but I
must have distribution, and even then the gradua-
tion andtheprg-empüon mus'be carefully guarded
I am not ..satiatied wi'h his proposition 111 th s re-
spect. It gives too much land If the pre-emp-
tion be, liweed, intended for th* poor man, half
the amount he proposes to allow i« amply sufficient
I go on the presumption that the fact in this respect
is as it is presumed to be by the law. Nor am I
satisfied with a limitation of the pre empnve right
to persons not worth a thousand dolldrs I am
willing that the poor man should possess a roof and
a hearthstone that he may call his own, espec ally
such as have had to strurgle w, h a' versify, but I
go on the ground that there should be no distinc-
tion as to properly in any of our legislation It
should be the act of the man, and njt his property,
that snould form the ground of distinction Give
a privilege to-day because a citizen is not worth
one thousand, and te-morrow you may and
will make it ten, and the next day twenty—
or you may, which is more probable, revere it, and
deny a privilege because he is too poor Equal
laws—equal privileges under the laws, and equal
right , tor rich and pool—for poverty and wealth
—even for profligate idleness and thriving industry
—are the principles of our sjstem—the theory of
our institution —the broad and immoveable basfs
of the religion we profess and the liberty we would
cultivate. I am not willing to d part from it for
any temporary expediency—or any ingenious
theory If it be rght to give tha «ettler on the
public lands a preference in tne purchase, let him
have it wiihout counting the number ot dollars in
his pocket—without telling him your poveity jus-
tifies youi nation'schari y, or is ihe re?soi of your
nation's justice Tempt not jour citi/eu to make
pretence of povirly t'iil they miy acquire, bv gt t,
either privileges or wealth It i> not ¿fit prim íple
to guide our leg slatiin And yrt, Mr Pr =nien',
I mi'st vote for I in- amendment of my friend (Mr
Crittfndpn) from K>ntueky, because hn propts-
tion contains two cbjpcis ihe di t lbution of t e
proceeds among the Sta'es nd this modified p o
emption—and, by the ru es of the Senate, Icannol
have t^em divided I \ ill tike both for the pre-
sent, in preference to the biU of the cimmittee, 01
the amendment of ihe Senator fiom Soit'li Ciro-
lina, [Vlr Calhoun] and will eudeavir, in the
final action, to ¡>ei it te them, aid establish whn
better suits my tiews on this p mt
Having ubmitteJ my views 1 the amemlme ts,
I have reached 'hp bi 1 of the commit es, and m
what I have to offer n regard to it 1 Kope 0 b1
brief Its paincn'ar pan in haveaheidi been
exam ned by revuil ^ena or , an 1 1 ' hererore
the less nec s ary tl at I sh uld dvell upon them
I could not make them mote clear than ihcy were
made by ihe S nator from Connecticut on raj left,
[Mr Huntington,] "diesp argnnent I hold tote
unanswerable I jield 10 it my assent and need
not, and shall not, attempt to repeat it
To the simple principie of pre emption, as such,
and connected with no tiespass on th« nsrns of the
countiy, I have no sre tobji-ciiv I can, at least,
content myself to submit to u if it be p'operly re-
gulated But here is a bill, cilltng it>eif a pre-
emption bill, which hrlls cu a thousand mill ous
c f acres of land as a lure t > tempt all peopL on the
f ice of this wide wo la to come a d ci c it it is
a bi'l wi hout lirait in pom1 of tlr.c, and almost as
illimitable in point of teir tor.—whoil/ wi hout re-
striction as to color, rae , or country. Tne Afu
can, th Indian, th° Hindoo, the Austrian, ihe Ros
sian, the Spaniard, Ih  French > a 1, the E^gl «h
man, all are altite mvi ed to come and take apoi 10a
of our soil and at once r-proTe American citizens,
an 1 receive a tule to land which can never bo re-
ca'led Nay, we are i-o antious, *o give away
these lands that we offer them to infants of the
age of eighteen, who cannot make a contract, under
our laws, but whom we propose to free from ¡he
iron control of parental authority When we pur-
chased the largest portion of this same territory,
and were bound by solemn treaty, our supreme
Senate.
la*, to recognise and protect the rights of the in-
habitants, we refused all claims to ti'les unless the
claimant was, when the right was acquired, the
head of a family or twenty one years of age.—3
Laws,  652.   Our liberality grows apace, in our
? al for pre-emptions—our justice is not so rapid in
its motions.    We are quite ready to admit for the
whole race of man what we denied to those in
whose favor the obligations of right and mercy
ware presented     Who makes this grant?    Who
issues this irrevocable proclamation?   The Govern-
ment     I  would sugge t to yon, sir, if it be not, at
least, a plausible idea, that, when the Government
thus grants  land to an  individual,  and he takes
possession of it, the very act does not make him a
citizen, and no subsequent escheat can interrupt his
possession    But I do not stop to discuss this point
This bill is in violation cf all the principles of all
the laws m regard to the public lands which this
Government has ever passed    In 1807, when the
"great apostle of Democracy," who is quoted by
some gentlemen much as the ancient1  quoted the
response^ of their oracles,  was in the Presidential
chai), a bill was passed directing the Executive to
carry the laws fot tne protection of the lands of the
Indian and national domain into effect, aid, if the
settlers refused to submit,  to use the force of the
Government in removing them    On what princi-
ple of that act is the present bill founded?   I know
that it was imputed to that apostolic Chief Magis-
trate, as he hai been irreverently called, that when
he urged the passage and gave his assent to  the
law, he had his eye on ihe Batture at New Orleans,
and  wished a pretext for removing the claimant,
but that I did not believe    I was one of his ad-
mirers, ¡ind    w, s   satisfied   that  the   law  ongi
natedin a conviction, on the part of Congress, and
on Ins part, also, that the public domain of the Uni-
ted States was not to be trampled upon and plunder-
ed    Subsequently and under peculiar circumstan-
ceo, lh° inhabitants oe Lower Louisiana, and also
of Kahokia, Kaska la?, and oDe or two oiher set-
tlements,  wete gi anted  pre-emption rights to the
land"!  they  held     On what grounds?    Those in
L iwer Louisiana had  taken  possession of their
hnds  m  virtue of grants  and pub'ic documen s
from the Government which had ruled them, but,
owing to some defec s of title, they wete unable to
enforce  their right     The country passed into our
hinds,  and became subj ct to our Government
These peop e were not pre empttoners m any sense
now given to the term    They had not rushed upon
their lands without pretence 01 cobr of title.   Tney
settled in good faith, thinking th y I ad a valid title
to the lands they nc-upv.   So in relation to the
KasV skia settler      They were the subjects of a
Io-cijj Government, and had b-en upon their lands
for a lone cou'oe of years    They had improved
their possessions,  and accumulated around them
the comforts of n*e, an 1 ihe Government resolved
that it would not disturb them     This was just and
nsht, but these people bad not gt ne upon land in
violation  ot Hw,  and taken  pos cssion of it by
building a log cabin, or planting a potato pa'ch.
All our other pre empuon laws were influenced by
considerations wh ch operate on ihe judgment and
just ce of a Government    In all joar laws, yeu
have said that, up to a given day, and under cer-
tain specified circumstances, settlers  who had pos-
sessed themse'ves of your land should be protected,
and hi Id st the pues for which you  were willing
to sell it     Bat what do you say here?    Come one,
cone ill     Cor* e from the four corners of the earlh.
and with   the four winds of heaven, settle on  our
public domain, and take a quarter section of land
to the reward of jour rient.    But this  is not all.
If eight or ten sei?°,  together, upon one quarter
see on, they may spread themselves  over all  the
adjoining lard   till they  have  eprh got a quarter
sec ion     You «end  forth  a  proclamation  to the
houseless,  the  homele s,  the  unprincipled  of the
world, and throw' opcn to them a'! the public land
of ail the Stales of this Union.    While I speak
thus, I ¿rust not be considered, and will not submit
to be repte en'ed, as «aying harsh and unlund things
of hose who are called  p'e-emptioner«.   I have
burdens enough to bear, without this addition of
false and groundless accusations    I admit these
settlers to be as upright, correct, and virtuous,  m
regard to Oiher matters,  as  their fellow citizens,
