370
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
96th Cong-...2nd Sess.
ration may be found in 1 Law , 14, article 4.   'Í he I
reasons for giving it and ihe difficulues which
arose under ir, are explained by Mr. Madison in
The Federalist.   I need not detain the Senate by
reading tbem.
Trien came the Federal Constitution which cre-
ated the Union, and what does it teach? I's first
words are, "Vff the people of the United States."
Who were they? They were the citizens of the
United States. The honorable Senator from S uth
Carolina said he would like to hear a definition of
what a citizen is I have no skill at definitions,
but I think I can describe who are and woo are not
citizens. At the time the Constitution was adopt-
ed, the people of the State  formed it. The mere
holding of 'and did not constitute a man a citizen,
or one of the people of the State's A Sta e may,
if she plea e«, al'ow an alien to take land, and hold
and transmit it by her laws, and yet he may not
be a citizen of the State or of the United S ate-.
We must go beyond that. The moment you allow
a mafftbe power to vote, the moment you give him
power to vol  ,-i ihe political government, you
make him a citizen—one of the people. We need
not go back to Rome on this matter. The man
who possesses political power, united to the com-
mon rights of person and property, is your citizen
He must owe his allegiance here, be subject to all
dut'es, possess all rights, or he cannot be a citizen
with us. The language, "We the people of the
United Stales," meant such, and none others. They
formed their Government for themselves—not for
Englishman or Frenchmen—but for themselves
alone, and such as they chose to admit, upon terms
which they should, in their joint capacity, pre-
scribe. The power to prescribe these they could
not leave to the States. Would you have Mary-
land say to New Jersey, you shall receive this man
because I have made him a citizen? There was,
therefore, a necesnty of some common rule, and
the authouly to prescribe it must be placed s mc-
where, and it could be placed nowhere but in the
common councils, and accordingly the Constitution
declared that Congress should have the powei "to
eitablish a uniform rule of naturalization " Could
it be uniform, and yet leave the power to the Statt s?
Naturalization is the investing of an alien with the *
rights and privileges of one who is n dive born
Taat is the whole idea. When, therefore, the Con-
stitution says that Congress shall have power to
establish a uniform rule of naturalization, it means
this, and this only Congress shall pa oribe the
terms on which a foreigner, an alien, shall be ad-
mitled to the rights of a native—be one of "We
the people" Can there be a unifo'm mle unless
it is prescribed by some common central power,
and by that alone? There obviously cannot Th'
very object to be attained requires that ihe power
should be vested exclusively in one body, in the Fe
deral Government
I hold,therefore,theGonstitutionofIlliiioisand e
much oí the Constitution of Michigan as undertakes
to admit foreigners to citizenshipto be null and void
—a violation of the compact. We enter  d into the
Union on certain term  and conditions relative to
representation, taxation, and other matters It
was necessary for us to «ay who should be admit-
ted as copartners. But it an individual State may
say this, the relative position of the States is
changed—the conditions at once broken and de-
stroyed Illinois admits, we will &upposo, 10,000
persons to vote wW are aliens, not naturalized,
whom vhe has not had the consent of ot'x r Sta'es
to admit—what is the effect upon New J>r?ey' It
rs this, that foreigners, stranger, probal ly to our
principles of government, our habits, om interests,
to our very language, may outweigh and oveicmne
the cit zens of New Jersey in the choice-of a Chief
Magistrate, and in all the management of all our
public affairs. Is this fair'' is it right1! Tms doc-
trine puts it in the power of certain Stales so to
arrange as that foreigners shall ?end < nouga to
make up the majority of Reprecen ativt s mi the
floor of the other House, and may decide t e choice
of President. The States, it ¡s said, arn too wise
and just, and will not do this. I do no «ay they
will, but I would rather stand by the Union, a->d
trust ihe principles of the Constitution than than
We a¿retd that thi re should be a utiform rule o
naturalization—a uniform rule in New Jersey an
General appropriation Bill-—Mr. Hunt.
in Michigan, m Delaware and m Illinois, But is
the rule now uniform' No. And it the other
States should proceed after the example set by Il-
linois and Michigan, we shall soon have as many
rules as there are States. I am not willing that
such an unconstitutional and pernicious doctrine
shall pass without giving it my condemnation. I
insist that it is a violation of ihe Constitution.
Read the powers granted in that instrument to Con-
giess, and see if, where similar language is used,
ihe power is not always exclus ve Tins point has
been brought befon  the Supreme Court, and there
wasno diso<=ntient voice in regard to it I dre?d
the consequences ot this doctrine, more especially
wl en I see *uch a bill as this, tempting aliens to
come, giving them our lands, that Ihe Slates may
make them citizens. I am not willing that the
members of the House of Representatives shall re-
pieient aliens, for m process of time aliens may
come to be a majority, and may choose my Chief
Magistrate. This law may mike them so nu-
merous in Wiskonsan and loua at to con-
trol jour native vote, and make laws for your
Stales I will not leave it to one State to say that
>they shall be p'rmitted thus to control the general
mteieits of all the S.ates Whom maynoUome
of the States make citizen1? Cast y^ur ejes in
certain directions, and you can readily see what
might be done. And recollect that the moment a
State has pronounced a man a citizen, th<> shield of
the Constitution is placed over him for his protec-
tion, and he must be protected as a citizen, every
where in all the S a es I entreat gentlemen to
pause before they establish thu doctrine. Per my-
self, I will riot hold out inducements either to our
own cit zens or to aliens to come and take posses-
sion of our pnbhc lands It is a proposition ob-
noxious to the laws and to the Constitution, and to
all the fundamental principles of our Government
and Union, and I must resist it. I am willing fo-
reigners sha'l come and enjoy all the privileges
which I do—I am willing o have them as neigh-
bors and as friends, and let t n m stand by our side
in bittle—but they must cease lo be aliens first.
My doctrine in regaid lo these lands is simple—
neither clothed m mystery noi connected *uh party
politics. We have a great mheut&uct for us, our
children, and oui children's children We ought
to pre erve it, not give it away or waste it. The
hasty disposition of it is not demanded by our con-
dition. Our population and our strength will not
grow in proportion to our haste to pfrt with it We
shoul 1 have had our sixteen m Ihons oi citizens, if
Wislrons >ri ?nd Iowa had not Leen thrown open to
intrusion We should m t hiv had a population
so nearthe Rocky fountains and the Pacific, but
we should have had less i ausp for the expenditure
of money, and mole vigor o rrsst a foe Let us
remember a maxim of wis lorn—-festina Unte—ind
not throw over a regí n whirh we cannot ccm-
mand, a population which we cannot, without dis-
tress an 1 difficulty, protect Lf t us give to enter-
piise and to the pioneer all that enterpnsp and the
pioneer may reasonably írquire, but let us reserve
something foi the citizens ot the old States, who,
when ropuhtion crowds, may there seek compe-
tency and a home The seaboard S a es are thick-
ening in the tuturejears—and year* withnatuns
are but as dajs to individuals—they will be
crowded, dense, nquir ng an outlet like the com-
pact regions of Europe Let t be found West—
far West—but still within the boundar esof a com-
mon empire of free institutions Use th °e lan ts
liberally, not wantonly—preserve, do r ot squander
them Let the citizen of the old Slates, who
bought them, look to them as hr heritage of his
children Thu¡> used, they will sti ng hen the
Union, and last while centuries of liberty roll by
REMARKS OF MR. HUNT,
or Nrw iork,
In the Pcuse of Mepresentalives, February 22,1841—
In Committee oí the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the Civil and Diplomatic Appropriation
Bill, in reference to the pr< position submitted by
him on the 18th of that month
Mr. HUNT said that gent emen  having  made
a motion which overrode Ihe one submitted by him
on Thursday last, defined their positu ns and dis-
H. ot Reps.
cussed, at length, matters and things in general
and that motion betng now withdrawn, after
hiving answered tne purpose designed by it, the
question recurred upon his own proposition, which
was, to strike out the proviso of the section under
consideration. His proposition w as a plain, mat-
ter of fact, business one, and the remarks he had
now to submit were of an unpretending, business
character Time had been, at a former period
of the session, when he had felt desirous of giving,
somewhat at large, his views in lelation to the
course of policy of the. present Administration, the
present condition of the coantry and its finances,
and our future prospects, the opportunity to do so
hadnotb°en given him, «nd he felt that the time
for such discussion had now gone by.
The ct airman of the Ways and Means, in un-
dertaking to reply to the grounds upon which he
had based the motion, had been more oracular, and,
as it seemed to h m, (Mr H.) less ingenuous
than was his wont. Wi h an apparent air of tri-
umph, he had asked, how the gentleman from
New York (Mr. H ) could claim to be a friend of
retrenchment and reform, while submitting his p'O-
pooitionto strike out the proviso ot the bill? How
gentlemen could, on this floor, support such a pro-
position, (as the one to s nke out,) with the fact
before them, that the cleik of the Federal Court in
the city of New York had received §18,000 per an-
num; the district attorney of the Southern district
of New York $28,000 a year; and the marshal of
Mississippi $87,000 a year?
And all this (said Mr. H ) was put to the com-
mittee and to the country as news, as information
communicated to this Hou^e for the first time by
the chairman of the Ways and Means, when most
of it had been in pcssess-ion of gentlemen for near
a twelvemonth past
He (Mr. H ) had, on a former occasion, stated
that he had in ins own mind doubled whether he
had not better leave the former part of the proviso
standing, that part requiring quarterly returns of
tho amount oi fees and emoluments, with a view
of guiding future legisl?tion, but upon reflection he
ha t felt satisfied that sufficient information had al-
ready been receivel to enib e acommnte  to cir-
rect these flagiant abuses He hid s'ated, in all
sincenti, that should he be spared to take his s ai
in the 37th Congress, ihe chairman of the Com-
mittee of Wajs and Means would find him, (Mr
H ) if not in advance, at least by the side of the
gentleman in every legi imate work of le-juimate
reform. And he should red em the pledge thus
given Retrenchment and reft rm were called for
bv ihe peop'e—the doctr ne was .-/cardinal tne with
the incoming Administration Hut to cirrect all
the abuses rf an Ad i mi nation tint, for twelve
j-ears pa t, h,id b en sqn-innenug the money of the
nation in support of parasites and favorites, in de
moralizing the country and breaking down us in-
stitutions, was a woik, not of a moment, but of
patience, labor, and time.
The chairman had said that you have an exam-
ple of the sort of connection proposed by Ihe pro-
viso in y">ur customhouses and your land offices
—that the officers of the>  establ shments receive
by way of compensation a per rentage en the re-
venues collected and the amount of land sales. Be
it so Yet a very little reflection would convince
th" worthy chairman that the cases bore no ana-
loay to each other, and thai the practice of Govern-
ment, in relation to the collectors of custom i and
the land offices, went but a lery little way, it any,
towards answering the obje-dions urged by him
(Mr H ) to the proviso 11 question Your lands
are sold at the minimum Government price of a
dollar and a quarter per acie The hardy pioneer,
the actual settler, and the land-shark, the speculator,
must pay this amount, vhether the receiving or
collecting officers receive any compensation or not.         '
That Government choces   to   paj   i's   collec'mg         f
officers    by pivmg them a per rentage   op   the         i
amounts collected, adds not a farthing to the  bur-         !
dens of the purchaser, or to the pnc« of the lands.          
Free sely so ¡s, it with the customs     The duties im-         t
posed   from   public   policy,   for   protection,   for         \
countervatl'ng  the action ot foreign Governments,         ¡¡
or, as Southern gentlemen perhaps will prefer sta-         jj
ting it, for revenue alone,  are to be paid at all         $
events    And the burden to the tax payer is not in-        g,
