Feb. 1841.
26th Cong-
appendix TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S?l
■ 2vd Stss.
Treasury Note Bill—Mu W. C Johnson.
H. of Reps.
creased by  giving  a compensation Io the officr
from, ths gross amount c Uected
Not so with the district at'O'neys Wi h the
exception of a salary of $200allov.ed most of them,
their compensation was mal" m sf fees, ,ncreased
by the mcteiseof buciness done by ihem The
chairman had said tn°se fees were too large Mr
H had said the same, when he originally sub-
mitted h's proposition. He h?d said the amounts
received were entirely dispapor loned to trie iabtr
rendered, and whilst he would illow to public
officers, a liberal compensation—one which would
command the talent and woih of the country—he
would cheerfully unite -a any we'i devised
plan f< r releasing the people, and thus reducing
the amount received by ihesp Federal officers
But the original bill propose-, no renet to the un-
fortunate suuor—to thf class of icen, of all o hers
least able to bear exee-Mve burcens No, so that
Government may but r pieman coiers. emp ted by
its own extravagance and profligacy, the poor
may continue to strugde on under the load of ex
c°ssive impositions Ai d 'bis, is 'he practical
operation of ihe cnairman'  ideas oí reform—of
retrenchment A fair exponent of the doctrine
preached < n the house tops, and bebeved by aron-
fiding people twe ve \eais ago—not a principle of
which has been carried oat
Passing from the bill, as report d by the com-
mittee, and looking for a moment to the proposi-
tion oi up* gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr
Thompson,] in connection with the othpr propo-
sition coming from ihe gent eman from Tenne^ee,
[Mr. Cirt Johnson,] o h r a id insuperable ob-
jections present themselves Mu. H had no ob-
jection to the proposition to place the Feder 1 offi-
cers on the same footing with those of the re-
spective Sta'es—let the tariff of f es be the same
for both classes but th* two propositions alludrd
to, and which gen t'em oof tie Administration in
their new-born zeal m toe ceo. " oi rconomj, had
the power *o establish, wot 'd prod ice the result of
levying a duty for the Tress iry rf perhaps 59,000
dollars from the marshal in th  Slate ot Mis is-
sippi, by oüí sCa]e of Sia'e fees, an i on'y 10,000
dollars from lb.-* same ofH<->r n the Sute of N w
York b> anothci and totally diff'rent -cal- of lees
And this sys em of impos ion of duties, ercises, or
taxes, call it by what rame jou plea e was at sar
with the 8th sech n of ih  1st ar ic e jf the Con-
stitution, th^t sec ion provide  'hat .he Congress
shall have power—
"1«t  To  ay and ollt t  tl        li tie     input     illnR
to pay the ieb s ant prov I t ihe onminn lelei ce and
general weliue of th  tin J S-ate but all duties <n
posts, anl  e-s I .,    «hall  Ot.   uniform  tliu uahu it Ihe T    Hed
The want rf uniform ty was of i sUf a suffic er t
objection, m his  ui nJ, t > the cou-se of leg sla on
now proposed     This cnjr=e w?= rl-o, mms c j--
nion, (though he did rot profess to be veij lejr ed
in rules of ^rder,) oppo ed to all ordeny legislado-.
It was thnistirg  i to •>  «irrp'e a-urtpnauoo b 11
provisions  ci-ngirg fvismglaws  nrei ien"e to
an important class  ¡i offices, orov suns hastny
propounded amilst  tho   i .iry of deba e, without
conwltattrn, witnout d-dibe.at'on, ind but tl cil-
culaled, inhH judgrrent, to effect any  Wefieial
object    If   this   soil   ol   legislation   v/as   to be
tolerated, we must, ere 'tig, look into  the App o-
pnation bid for die c n. 'tpartment for all ' e im-
portant provision,  v r> < n ft í i  regit a e the con-
duct of t>e fsdera'  off ce's  rf the  Government
But he bad  not  pl^ 1 his objec mi manly   n
the ground of ordei      H'    -. ^v  'oured th*i
ground a-,  worthy, he  th u Id,  cf grave con i-
deration
The true semedy for t"? d ffitn i ts imder «oich
the country  had for yea's lab 'ed in ret i ree to
the officers included in 'be bi'l   n  committee was,
coolly, deliberately, and  u ir'er-ui.dmgly t> frame
adist.net bill making mem salaiy ofli ers,  ia/mg
reference to their locan m ard ihe b>i  ness done
by them, as ascertained by  an exaannat on o  a
series of year ,  ot by  ate   b li, governed i"  its
graduation bv the same eon ider?uon=, and not to
institute a partnership between  this  Government
and its officers, in an income -vrung from the poor,
aid that, too,  by   provsions such as, in hi-, opi-
nion, would, in their result, leave the Govemme it
in s me of   he Sta'e? without Mar-nal ,  Clerits,
or Di triet Attorneys.
Men fit for the stations svould not take
ih°m under th> tperations of the proposed
amendmen s
DEBATE OX THE TREISÜRV NOTE BILL
SPEECH OF MR. W  C. JOHNSON,
OI   MaR\LA.M>
In the House of Representative, ¿cbruari/ 5, 1841—
On tne bill providing foi an iaoue of Treasury
no ts
Toe bill authonz ng the issue rf Treasury notes
tj the ami un of five mil ns ot dodar,- being under
cons delation, and Ml Barnard of Ne v York
having movea to strike out tie enacting ( ¿i e of
the bill, giving not ce that, if tne mot on prevaileJ,
and a report to that effect should be made to the
House, he wculd ¡h<n offer 'he following revolu-
tion
Retoh cd That the subject nf rrai ln^ ¡ rovision ioi the wants
of the Tieabury oe lefened back to tre Commi'iee ot Ways
and Means v Kb. n s ruotiuiiii—
i-ir t ío brm.r m a bi Í authin/m"- tne secretary of the
treasuiyto borrow t-ni miiii >n^ of tohars on the or die of the
Government aniltjis ue bondp or scup thtiel -r
S^i-on 1 To bini? in i bl i ímposins ttutip? for ad htlonal
levenue on wine* sill ¡nens *p re and olhci attic e-? be
lng luxuries, lm )r ed into the t ri!" 1 State- but m such
manner as not to iorfba wuhti e j uncipk-s j ihcy and s| l
ntot the act of tlarch, lsjj, commonly called ih  Compro
mise Act
AferMr Adams bal conc'uded his animated
speech,
Mr. WILLI \U COST JOHMSON of M?rj-
land roce ?nd obvmed the floor, buf was re-
quested by Mr Wise to Meld it for a short
explana ion
Mr. Wisi- runug co-irdiiued his remarks in re-
spot sc to Ml   Adams,
Mr Jihsson ¡j tp-Ju b^ -aim  that ti •* pu"-
pose m san rg lie 1 oi i, nut'o con inue the
exci ng a id , eis^?! cu cus icn When the gen
thnai tiom Mi sachjsotts [Mi Adams] yielded
the floor o ain for ai in'lant, ne ni', i* le m got
beaho-vel to us the cant "ipre-sion rf tn° day,
defined 1 spisiuo-, a J h  d j\ bted not that i  a
fady -uaie.eideu, t.otv uhs aom.' tKe ínierd'd
saicastic iemait£ oí tne gnutleman f'om Massachu-
setts He Vioul', however, say that it gave him
no diotK*s o' inrtd to be c'a «el vih tl o-<d who
thousht tint "cir chaiacter and then hr-roi were
wor'h l m¿ rreserved anu protected Wh I t the
gentlcm-n reouked w ih o much seventy, the
consequences whi h glow out <-<" personal discas-
41 ins and «said s, vno ««■- tlipre so f^nri as him
self in gerera'ing vhat he denounced'! In the
whole range rf ins observation, (Mi J s-ai',) he
1 new of i o one ■<• ho seem°d mo e to take ?s a mo-
del and a stud/ tne sinking chácete,istie oi "Tam
O'Snan'ers iie'^nant1 atgsnueman—"of nnrsin=
his wiaih to keep d vvacni' He aA not en }, mi
v ool t I e di ci'=s t, e propr etv o- moraluv of, sue1!
a co rse, out « ot,ld proceed bueflv to explain his
mam object   n ciaim n, toe at entioil of the c m-
m i t^e.
[Mr P ". Thv,vv« here a<keIMr Johnson to
«ne Mj icr ü mot on mat die er mmittee shou'd
ns," Mr J sad ne woutl ,'s «ilupgH cmclude
Hb-it ne h>d o say thu cv mar a<- in tie niOinme,
but as Hp \%e, v ding toco sUU the pleasure of
tb/eomm t e, be would jielo. tne floo' the motion
The .i otion w,s rrad- anf the co-nmitte" rose.]
T e rust day, nn'ti tie House sveni n'o corfl-
vmtte- ' Ir John on rc=u ne^ aid «am tn " his
pupoe n^i h reaotd .." b d (hi morning,
ivas to J Cvp/ not nine than tive ci ten minutes oi
the t me o ip c'mmittee, ana ten o move i1 at
the com mt it. h i d n e and ir"'le. bl!
,-U amendmens o me Bo. «e, b U be• found
the Hoasp had re ohed to continue the dis-
cussru m tr- ,o, nice un il ««ven o'c.ock
l(„s evenng He would sul,ho-ev i, b- %ety
o lef and í>en-ral n his reuiri , a* he had pre
pa,, d no data  ind   t «as tie l^rthe t from his p-ir
pose
tomtVe dsetsper-ch He should rot uo so
tecau-e he had, l.ora the commencement, otea op
nosed to tne scope of tne who'e discussion H-
Us opno ed to it, because he f.resaw, or bought
he foresaw, in U  íncipienov, that theie was no ob-
ject of public and permanent good to be attam-d—
that the whole discussion was thrown open merely
for argumentation He believed from the begin-
ning of the session, that the parly which controls
m this hall—the Administration party proper—
meant to do nothing, studiously intended to do
nothing, of a salutary and useful character, be-
yond the necessity of passing the usual appropna-
tif n bil s That they meant to adopt no measure
of general relief for the suffering country—were
for allowing the session to pass through in profit-
less debate, ?nd were for throwing the whole re-
sponsibility of every public measure on the Admi-
nistration hich is quickly to succeed ihem. Under
this full aad fi m. conviction he was unwilling to
trespa-s on the attention of the committee, or waste
time which might much more properly be devoted
to the con-ideration oí private bills, and measures
which could not be tortured into party questions.
But if there was cne solitary member of the com-
mittee, of f ither of the two great political parties,
who bel evrd it to be the intention of the committee
to act defintely on ths question before them—on
any great measure of public policy—any general
system of fmnce—any enduring and abiding mea-
•ure of na tonal utility, he should be most happy
to kno v vvhi that member was, and he would ac-
knowledge he had done that member at least in-
justice tn forming the conclusion to which he had
arrived ¡f (said Mr. J ) I thought that this com-
mittee meant or intended to take up for final ac-
tion the guat questions of the day, I should be
among the first and the most anxious to see it done,
and if my public duty should admonish me to give
my views, 1 shmld do it most cheerfully.
Mr J. said he would not go into a discussion of
tne bill immediately before the committee, in rela-
tion to inning of Treasury notes, because he had
given his views on th' subject in sessions gone by.
At the extra session of Congress, he was the first
who g  ve hia opinions on the subject, and he did
not feel d  , osed io renew or repeat them.    It was
enough to  a, ihat he had from, the commencement
oppo ed tnt w wis  plan  and system of Treasury,
notes.    He had vjted, at the extra session of Con-
gress,  imi subsequently,  again=t the emission of
Treasury intes, pnd  m^ant todo so again.    Wo
amendmei ot the bill could elicit his support or
\ ote t >r it     He went against tne measure then be-
ctusshp   bought it unconstitutional, and he had
seen nothing, neard noihi rg, to change his opinion.
If hs had a doubt upon his  mind as to the power,
he should not vote for the measure, because  the
Consti u i  i  p nnts  out tfro other  remedies   for
every emergency to which the Government is sub-
ject j,, !.5 fiscal operations     It is declared in the
C nsii utnn that Congress shad have the power to
borrow money and to iai e revenue from customs.
H" would ao for a direct loan to meet the instant
emeraencj, he would have gone for it at the extra
sessijp, aiid he would go heart and hand for a mo-
dification ot the revenue laws, that the revenue of the
Government might  be made adequate to meet the
liabilities of the nation   He would most cheerfully
a ivocdte and support these  two measures, at the
same moment and m the same bill.   But, as he
hid avo«el his belief  that the  Administration
meant io do noihtng lor the permanent policy of
the na ion, he was willing that the responsibility
should fal on the Adm msirahon m relation to the
meas-urea which it may either cany forward or
emu, and he would not leap m ao vanee of this
Adm   ¡st a ioi to place h'm=elf n the van of ths
iKXt       f^e   should  le'  Ih 3 Administration pass
ihroighatlits  course, da us own «ork, as it has
newer to tl , in it  own way, and, wnen the next
comes into power, it can take its latitude and de-
paiture—cai move forwaidwiha knowledge of
ínepast,    nd with a fail hope of the fntnre to
Mr j a d he was not m his seat when the dis-
cusión co-nmenced, and had not heard two or
three peecfies made early m the debate, yet, in re-
lati n to ihe proposition of the gentleman from
New Yoik, (Mr Barsard,) who had moved to
strike out the enacting clause m the bill, for the
purpose of offering an amendment, which is now
on the tabie, to wit, that revenue shall be raised by
a duty on luxuries, taking the precaution not to in-
terfere with the compromise act, whilst he would,
