87*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
£6th Cong....2nd Sbss.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. W. C. Johnson
H. of Reps.
not ko mto a discussion of the question, ev n tht/S
presented, he would give an opin on se far ss to
say that he -would, wi h great che rfulmss, vote for
H. But be did not expect to be called on to do ihi>,
for the committee would never take a vote on the
subject, or, if it went to the House, it would never
be passed upon at this session. But, having alluded
to the proposition of the gentleman -from New
York, he felt called upon, as an act of justice to
him, to say, that an imputation made the other day,
that the plan was concocted m the dark, was a
subtle and canvassed scheme, the result ot caucus
or hidden deliberation; that it was a si fret spring
to entrap the South, for the purposs of i nposmg a
high tariff of protection, was, in every nspect, un
founded and groundless The gentleman from
New York [Mr Barnard] had submitted his pro
position to him, and he [Mr. Jihnson] ha J candidly
given him his opinion, which was that it would be
useless and nugatory, that it might lead to discu.-
s:on, but no could be anticipated fiom it, as there
would be no vote taken, and the gentleman declared
at the time, that be would move it as his own mdi
vidual opinion, and that he meant, whilst on the
floor, to debate it as his own proposition
Mr. Hunt ot New York here rose, and  Mr
Johnson gave way for a moment.
Mr. Hunt said he had desmd speaking upon the
bill now in committee, but had hitherto failed in
getttrg the floor, and after the order which had been
read tbis morning, to take the bill out of committee
at seven this evening, he did not feel any deposition
to struggle further for ihe floor—he could not un-
dertake to speak by a stop watch He would,
therefore, now only say a word in refe ence to a
prominent topic introduced m this debate He
alluded to the tariff And his sole object w?s to dis-
abuse, so far as m his power, Southern gentl men
whom he felt confident wished not to dreuve them-
selves or oihers on this subject Mr H. said he
represented i ne of the largest, wealthiest, and mist
flourishing manufacturing districts in the State of
New Yorl, and he wished to *ay for that district
and himself, that amongst the intelligent and pa
motic men of thatdistnct engaged in manufactuie ,
there was no disposition nor desire to m erfere in
the sligh'e t degree with the spirit of the compio-
raise act. In the revision of our tariff laws, wh ch
must soon (at jill event-) take place in re erence to
the revenues necessary to carry on the Government,
his constituents would desire nothing which the pa-
triotic statesmen of the South would tnpmselvcs
consider cbjectionablc
Mr Johnson continued He was \ety glad to
have heard the remarks which had just fallen 'rem
the honorable gentle man from New York, tlthough
his allusion was to a different gentleman tro n that
State He was especially happy to hear what had
been said, as it ce nvmced him the more 11 what he
was about to say to those of his friends from the
South who have been so extremely captious on
the question of the tariff, tint they have dene
the mover of the proposition alluded to i justice,
and he believed that whole region of ceumry in-
justice. But while he had doubted the , dvantage
of introducing the propo itjon atlhis time, he would
«ay, as one livingiouth of Mason and D xon's line,
that he approved ot the measure—thou 'i it w s>
and statesmanlike, and if he thought the commit-
tee was 11 a temper and mood to yo into an ex-
amination of the merits of th- qiest on, 1 e would
offer an argument in iU support He difl 'red from
some of hisSoutheri fri'nds v.ho were o excited
on the question. He differed from then—first in
principle, and next m pol cv. Hedifferei from
them in principle, because he thought ih whole1
entire question one proper and fit to be talked
about, to be discussed, reasoned on, exao med, and
decided upon He thought it fit and pro; er, m the
Legislature of the nation, that all que ti n, < f p0
litical consideration—all questions tf vast national
moment, it withn the ¡-cope and J Jn i etion of
Congress, shemld be ca'mly met and dt ile'ately
discussed. He differed with many of his Sot' hern
friends in the pol cy of their course, be.a e, as the
weakest portion of the Union in num'ers, tl ey
should not force a colusión with the Noith wh^n
the North has shown no disposition to urge a pto-
teetive tariff,  and is willing that the spun of the
c mpiomise suoul1 b^ t e las.s of a n w adjust-
n en' of the revenut la is Are not the app'ehen
stons of some Southern gent'e ¡tea appeased by the
d"c'a mer made the otner e'ay by the gentleman
from Massachuse ts, [Mr Gushing,] and by as-
fflilH disclaimer just made by toe gentleman from
New York? Let it be remembered that these gen-
tlemen represent the stroige-t and bios' opulent
manufacturing districts in their respective States.
They have bo h stated that the alarm w hich has
been «ounded is unfounded, and that they are wil-
ling to meet the South on a proposition in confor-
mity with the Compromise act, and if the people of
the South say that they prefer a revenue adequa'e
to the vants if ti<_ Government «hall be raised by a
tax on luxuries, not ¡hterfeung witn trie compro-
mise act, lh°y are wilung, and will < o hit d and
heart t'iih them This has a'l been said, and yet
we find grntlenun on this floor not only endeavor-
ing to fan up t*e fires which have been exhausted
m years gone by, but absolutely to fret the cold
ashes into beat and flames.
Mr. J said he would a?ain ask those gentlemen
who commend this course of action, whether, as
Southern men, they are either wise or judicious m
thus trying tj force the people of the North into col-
lision? What pretence hid they to elo "o, when
the North said to them, adopt your own plan and
we will go with you? Is ihere a State in the
whole South which can ask m ire than nils'* Is there
one that is so an\ious for strife as to hoist the war-
flag when it has no enemy to encounter'
Mr J «aid he had not been pre ,cnt when the
debate commerced, havin? been detamel from the
Hou^e by indisposition The. first speech whi h
he had heard was from his fr end from South Ca
rohna, [Mr Thompson ] It was a pencil so re-
plete with argument, yet so sirmle and Cieai in itself
—so full of practical wisdom—mat he subscub°d
most ctieeifully to its temper and its reasoning H 
would not cttemptto repeat t! e arguments, because
it would be but to weaken and i'ili f- them, and to
dwell upon ih ir force would belwt to nra the
prism to give varied tin's and more b'endei hues
to the prirmuví. color*-, \i iihout adding 'o th ir num
bt r or their beauty He heard the. gentleman from
Georf a, [Mr Nisbilt,] in rtplv to tie renlleman
from South Carolina, [Mr Rhett,] and to his sys-
tem of direct taxation His arguments, also.uteie
romp ote and conc'usive, and, ss a Southern man,
he most rordially gave his assent to ih m—both
to their spirit and their letter Thee had been
attempted to be met, but rot in the spirit m
wh'ch they weie (ffeted, noi en their mens
—but hid been toituied by every gertlemin who
had attempted to answer them First, by as-
suming that the «foment was in favor of a tariff
of protection, whith on 'he cmtiarv i repudrletl,
and, secondly, by as!,( rtjig that the Nort i tishcil
to forcea h gh piotective tariff upon iht Sou h,
which he Noi Setn members opei ly, eh 1 egam
arid again, ha^e disavowed. Fining to etct e
othtis, gentlemen hate ti^mse'ves Leon e excited,
but be would ¡ redict iha' t1 e excitement would be
confined to tl at hall It w< uld mee wuh no re-
sponse from the refluent voue of public opinion
Gentlemen warn t!«e Sou h to e,e a d* ned Whj'
for who1 B cinst tne NoitVrn mu bers say, u
■ djiis|in¿ a giei i "i'io il q*, stitr, l ev wish to
consult vilh tu( Smb. I ih s mire 'han thny
have a ngi ' to dt? I it me it th>n i m ou h to
de? Yet ar^ v,e ¡•rp"aie,d to to stand h, eur arrPo
—to aua k «e kno v not w' < m ant to fish' for
we know not wi a ' He had himself, in the shirt
e u e of Ins life, nrnt with so miny ical daigpr ,
that te could not aff rd to b" so pol,.?! o* > is
courage as 'o rxperd much of 't upon inttrgib'e,
if rot ling   narj, difficnU es He con d r t retu~n
h"me amdg > is crnsti uents and i alien ihe
ecnoes of his nat ve mountai i \\ib Ih bug e note
of alaim, or exei ° the peicc ul and industrious m-
I abitants of ti e uch viles ard green s'oprs w th
f rebodin."* oí evil Were he to do «o the> would
regard him ?s wild as "'he goat upon the hills "
The time was when the Sojth was excited on the
question of the tariff, partly by the meesure itself,
and partly from political considerations—iheie was
great hostility to the measure, and no little to its ad-
vocates    In that excitement, other questions and
oiher lntetesis were merged, for pch«ip* he ought
not to sav sacrificed. The great „ra. n-growtnK
and tobacco-growing mteres s of h s own rrgipn
were lost sight of in a discussion for yeais about
raw cotton and manufactured fabrics. It was then
«aid, if you will but destroy this onerous and op-
pressive measure of Government—if yru will alco
quite destroy the odious and fr ghtful monster, the
Bank of the United States, we, who have been
crushed into the dust, as my friend from Georgia
[Mr Alford] said the other day, the cotton inte-
rest, will revive—Southern holes and Southern
prosperity will then b'oom again—the cotton inte-
rest fill rear up its drooping head amidst the de-
lu e of national oppression, and another Eden will
present itself bright and joyous—ihe whek South
will be made rich, wealtny, and prosperous
Mr. Chairman, (said Mr Johnson,) I must be
pardoned if, in ma nig 0 ese hurried remarks, I
draw the memory of the committee, and especially
those from the cotton-growing region, for one in-
stant, ba k to the state of things which existed at
the time to wh ch 1 have alluded, and which have
since occurred
[VIr Alfird, of Georgia, here rose, and asked
his friend from Maryland to give wa>, to enable
him to ofier a word of explanation My fr end (said
uftt A ) having alluded to me, I embrace this op-
portunity to make a short explanation I am truly
gratified to «ee the spun of compromise that pre-
vails here this morning, in regard lo 'he tariff ques-
tion, and to see our Northern frienels agree to com-
mit themselves to the Com promts ■ And I would
ask the gentleman from Maryland, with all his con-
tempt for what some others from the South have
said, what he thinks it ¡s that has produced this
spirit ot compromise m th s He use? The gentle-
man from New >ork [Mr. Barnasd] certainly
ma'e a strong remaik in regard lo a protective ta-
uff, when he said he hopea h>s nation would make
such a tariff as would aff >rd some protection to the
manufacturer of the North Th„t was and is
strong largJage, and the gentleman from Mary-
1 nd will certainly admit the ftct, cvtn now pub-
lished in his pr.med explanation in the National In-
tellg'ncer, while every word of mine and of the
i, gentleman from Virginia [Mr Wisb] has b"cn sup-
ill piesced i a;am say, I am I appy to >ei the «pint
H which prevails here now, and if gentlemen had
eommitted t emselve" ft first as distinctly as. now,
it would have1 spsred me he troub'e of saying one
"iord And I sta'td, as the gentleman from Mary-
land will remember, thtu the produitiens of his
district are very different f-om tho e of mine.
Mr Barnard desired ihe 'en' eman from Mary-
land to a 1 w him th"1 íl x r for on" moment He
said it was nut ot anygt at coiseq /ence to repeat
'ihitne hsd a'r'-adj ato, lut, as recently the
wnole c< in 't of debate 1 ,s tended to a misappre-
hen nil ct vhat ne had at 'ii^-l «aid in refeience to
he bill hi would no s<ij ¡hat, during ' ie whole
course cf his remarks on mat ccasio i, h? did not
utter on? woid m the eas degree r¡coPci lent with
the lemarks made yestoidáy—rot on wore!—and
he would beg leave to read a smgle seníe' ce from
those iero<*rks,
I h >pe that duties on impor s will be so i nposed—-pieserv
u sr, as I h >pe n ay be dore wi hout untiring anvsictt nd
tional interest Ihe polic\ oí the Cnmpiomi e Act JTiat while
\\ c shall have levenitt1 enough to meet the economical wants of
tioveu nient the rich shall not escape ta\ition by receivm"
heir li xuiies leeof I tie the ¡poorshall be re leved froin uif
dueandneu) btu lens and tie industry ot th toumry shall
h<* pío ecte i fu m the h iwrious policy and measures of foreign
legislition
Th'se íemarks (crntnu d M . Baknaed) are
rep ted vi h great aco,rpc\, an i i'i- only one is
si e,i in vhich, speaking of the future and not of
ih present, a xm^cons n ct on coald arise jet,
upon this rbght foundation, had a Mountain of
misapprehension been rt ared
Mr johkson said be should not to into any m-
vesigationof the fact whether the eijscla mer of
the gentleman from Mass,chu,ett-«, ]\ir. Cu«hing,]
to which hehad allu^id, wis tm'e belore o>- sub-
sequent to the speech of his wo-t y fríen 1 from
Georgia His impression W5*, that ihe disclaimer
w< s made prior to ihe remarks of t!,e gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr Alpird]
Mr. CtisHiNQ begged leave to 'ay 'hat it v¿ss cor-
rect, as has been suggested, that his remarks were
