Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
26th Comg...-2nt) Suss.
Case of the Caroline—Mr. Everett.
H. of Reps.
said things there lhat I shall not say hi-re   Perhaps
I ought rather to congratul .te myself on being now
thus restricted than to complain of it, as m some
of my views ! *lood a'one id the committee
Sir, ii my jtidgment the report is uncalled for—
ill-timed__and  a worse  iban useless interference
"■with the duties of the Execu tve The discussion
n nov pending beiwecn ih  two Government
The documents it communi a'ed merely in an-
swer to a cali o' the House The Execu ive has
not asked either ioi Us opimoi or action. At thi->
time why should oi'hcr be desired' And what is
the time chosen to put forth the giatmtous op -
nions of the majority— n!, as tne honorable cha>r-
man has sa.d, ot a bar^ majority—of a political
majority of the committee1 One Administration is
about going out of power In twenty days it will
expire, and ano hT suco ei Without ¡a. en ling
any disrespect to the majority of the commit'ee, í
ask ii it prop-r, 's it decoro >s thus to attempt to
embarrass the incom'ng Admin,Uraticr—to cotn-
promit its course on subjects so delicate—so im-
portant? Tne report is ltttie «hort of an officious
mteiferene  of one Administration with things that
belong to anolher
But, sir, without regard to a change oí Adminis-
tration, is tms interference proper or useful' Our
lore gn relations are comm tted to the Execu!.ve
Nego'iauons can be conduc ed only oy the Execi
tive When they are at a i end, this Hou e—b th
Houses must «-ct Go"^ t"-s alone can dicia'e the
alienor mesures. I do not mean to ^ay ih-re a-e
not cases n uhicn eit-er H^use may, p adia? a
ntgotiptu a, expr v^ i s opuion- It >he Executive
be remiss ii bu dutj—ir he pursue a co >r e
deemed v rot g ,n pr ncip e, or dargToa in it con-
sequences— oí ii th¿ Executive seek its opin on,
■wiili a v ew to „. e efv t '0 its measures, n may
be very proper to- e ther House to express it B-tt,
sir, tke report rías now oí 'he«e grcjids for its
suppoit it is eiit rdj ' nca led for, «nd as effect
may be to cono.pr_.ma the Executive to a course
that its better judgment would decline, and to pro-
duce an excitement in the country lhat ma) create
additional embarrassments, and new obstacles to
the final aljuslmentof ou controversies with Great
Britain
I pass the di'cussive character of the report—its
reference to subjects not referred us (to me)
somewhat exceptionable language—and come to
tne matter reíerrt d—the ca^e of Alexander McLeod.
That caie, and that a'tne, vas refeired to tne com-
mittee, and to that alone should the report have
been confined That cas.-, though connected with
the case of the Caroline, re ts on different princi-
ples. Tne rase oí Mr McLeod, as presented m
the documents, is entirely separate and dis l-ct
from the question, wheiher th> destruction of ihi
Caroline was or was not justifiable.
I desired that no report should be made while the
negotiations were pending between the two coun-
tries. In ray opmion, no opinion or acbon of tois
House was, at this time, required. I will now
read to the House a statement of the negotiations
tj this time, so far, and si far only, as is necessary
to the case of McLecd—-and to show that his case,
as well as the Caroline, afe now the subjects ot di-
plomatic di cushion between the two Governments
Before I sit down, I will al'o submit to the House
the substitu e submitted to, and rejected by, the
committee. I will here take leave to say that I have
given this subject the most careful consideration,
without party views or party feelings. It is above
and beyond all party considerations
' Ths Case of auaander McLeod —The fac a material to
the subject submitted o the committee ate that, on the ntg'tt t
the 29ttt December, 18-37, aidotdchmeut of the ISritish foices sta
turned at ttupptfta, in the Itovinceol I ppoi Canada, noshed
theNiagdidtoschlosoet, in the ¡state of New loik, and theie
made a hostile att ick on the steamboat l aiolme he prnpeity ol
an Ameiican cit zen, killed and worn ded a number ol Amen
can citizen*, captuted the boat, to«ed her into the cunent, .n
her on tire, and &ent hei m flames ovei the falls
"On the 5th T-uiuai) 183* the seciet-uy 01 S ate communi
cated w Mi I ox, the Btitnh Mmistci, i copy of the eudetice
furnished to the Dc[ annum ol this extr lOidmaiy omi ise
committed Irom her Bu annic Majesty s Province of L[pei
Canada on the pegona and propeity oí cmz°ns of Ue Unite
States, within the jenwjict.on of the state of New Yoik and
stating that it w >i.ld nee ess tnly lorm the suBj-ct ol a de «and
for rediess upon her Majesty s Government'
"On the 6th Tebiuaiy, Mr Fox communicated to the secie
tary of State a despatch fiom Sir Francis Head, Lieutenant to
vetnor of Upper Canada, containing the distinct avowals lhat
theCiiohae was destioyed by order of Co'onel MacNab, com
mandmg the m htia m her Majesty s service, and that he (t3ir
Francis) approved the act
1 On the ¿¿\ May, Mr Stevenson presented the subject to the
consideration of her Majesty's Government Aflet referring to
those avowals, he said that, 'under such circumstances, it was
not to have been expected that the whole proceeding could be
regarded by the Government of the United States in any other
litrnt than as a manifest act of hostile ind danng aggression up
on its rights and soveieignty, utterly inconsistent with all the
principles of national law, and wholly irreconcilable with the
friendly and peaceful relations of the two counttlf s ' that the
case, then is one of open undisguised, and unwanantablc hos
tiiity : He concludes by expressing the confident expectation
of the President of the United totatts that the whole pioceedirg
will not only be disavowed and disapproved, but th it such re
drcsb as the nature oí t e case obviously ic pines will he
promptly male ' To this our Government waits the final an
swer of the British Government
' On the 13th N ivembei last, Alexander McLeod a British
subject wa& arrested and imprisoned by the authorities of
the state of I\ew Toik, on a charge of arson and muraer, as
having been engaged m the capture and deduction of the < aro
line
On the 12th December the Brm h Minister made a demand
outhe President lor the release ol Mi McLeod, on the ground
that the destruction t f the Caroline was a public act of persons
cf her Majesty s service, obeying the orders of their superior
authorities, and that the act according to the usages of nations,
can only be the subject of discussion between the two national
Governments
"To tms demand the Secretary of State ha  leplied that the
Pre-ident has no powei undei the Constitution and laws of the
Union to interpose between McLeod and the constituted authori
ties of the «tate of New York—and that ''he President is not
awaie of any principle of international law or indeed of reason
oi justice, which entitles such uffenueis o impunity before the
legal tribuíais wh i c imin^ voluntarily within their mdepend
em andundoubted jurisdiction, b°cau«enipy acted in obedience
to the r uperior authorities oi because their acts have become
the subject ot diplomatic discussion be ween the two Govern
mens And tha' if the desiiuc'ion of the Caroline was a pub
lie act of person  in her Majesty's seivice obeying theoldersof
Iheir superior authoutie^, this fact hasn't been befoie comttm
mcatetl to the Got eminent of the United States byapei on au
thonzed to male the a'mis-i n and u wih be foi the couit
which ha  cn uizi ice oft le offence with which Mi McLeod i 
charged, to decide on its \ amity when legally established be
The Bn i«h Minis er expíes   n h ic ie   at tie decís on
had referí ed the subject to his kovernn <-i   >
Tms stf tement, I repeat, is li-nted to the case of
McLeod
Tne point" in difference in this case, are, 1
Whether McL-od, having, in the destruction of the
Caroline, ac ed in obedience to t-e order of the
superior aulhonties of toe Province of Upper Cana-
da, is or is not amenable to the laws of New Yoik
as tor the cunes oí murder and arson, end 2 If
not, whether the Executive has any power to in-
terpose between him and the laws of New York.
On these questions I forbear expressing any rpi-
nion, in accordance with the view that none is re-
quired of tne committee or of the House. It is  uf-
ftcient for the justification of the ground J hate
taken, tha' these questions are now the subjects of
diplomatic diccusdion between the two Govern-
ments The impropriety of the reoort is the more
manifest, from the crnsideratwn that the discussion
is but ju«t commenced, and it is not unreasonab'e
to suppose that, on questions of  uch hmi'ed extent,
the Go\ernn ert m me vtrong may, by t> e further
discussion, be convinced of its enor At least we
should wait the reply of the British Government, to
which the subject is referred, and the issae finally
tendered by its Executive.
The consequence of an error on either side may
compromit the peace of the country. In case of
reprisals, executed to the extreme point, the mter-
veation of all the powers of Europe could not pre-
vent a war In view of these consequences, it
may be proper to review the correspondence, to as-
certain the positions taken on both sides that bear
on the case of McLeod.
Mr Forsyth, m his Bote of the 5th January,
cwefully and properly avoids, giving any naional
character to the destruction of the Caroline He
cal's it an outrx«e "committed from hei Britannic
Maiejty'- Province of Uppei Canada." He leaves
it to' Mr Fox to determine wheiher it was a public
or ? private wro, <r, or to assume or disclaim for
bis Government the responsibility. Mr. Fox, m
his reph, (6 h Feb 1838,) fives n a public charac-
ter by «oramur eating the<act that it was destroy-
ed by the ordu tf ihe commander of the militia m
hei tkaje iy'o service, and lhat the act «as ap
p oved bj fie Governor of the Pro,re
And heie I must express my surp ise that Mr.
Torsyth shou!d eeem the "ate note of Mr Fox to
be the first avo« at ot the iaci by a p rson authorized
lo make it. In the no>e of the fa h February, 1838,Jhe
lact Useli was communicated by Mr   Fex.
His
late note is only the recognition and re-assertion of
the fact. The fact then and now avowed is, lhat
the Caroline was destroyed by persons obeying the
order of tht ir superior authorities, and Mr. Fox
contends that ihose obeying were justified by the
order. It lemains to be ?een whether the British
Uovcmmeni will justify lhat order. McLeod's
ca e is put on the first, and the case of the Caro-
line on the last.
[Mr. Pickens. Does the gentleman from Ver-
mont intend to say lhat the British Minister had
ever, before his late nole, avowed that the Caroline
wss destroyed by the order of the constituted au-
thoiities ot Canada?]
Mr Evebett 1 do say that Mr. Fox, m his
note of the 6 h February, did avow it. In the des-
patch of Sir Francis Head, then communicated, it
is expre9sly stated that Col. M¿cNab commanded
a body of militia stationed on the frontier; that in
the night of the 29th, "he seat a party of militia,
in boats, with orders to take or destroy her. They
proceeded to execute the order," &c Nor did he
content him«elf with the mere communication of
the fact, but even attempted to justify the destruc-
tion of the Caroline as an act of self-defence Mr
Fox, m reference to the communication of Sir
Francis Head, says:
"The piratical character of the steam boat Caroline, and the
necessity of self defence and self presen anon, under which her
aidjesty s subjects acted m destroying that vessel, seem to be
sufficient'y established "
' At the t me when the event happened, the ordinary laws of
the United states were not enforced within the frontier district of
the Sta e of T\ew York The authority of the law was over
borne, publicly by piratical violence Through such violence,
hor Majesty'  subjects in Upper Canada had already severely
suffered, and they were threatened with still further injury and
outiage This extiaordinary state of things appear, naturally
a id necessarily, to have impelle I them to consult their own se
cunty by pursuing and destroying the vessel of their piratical
enemy, wheresoever they mieht find her
Mr Stevenson presents the act, in connection
with ihese avowals, asan act "of open, undis-
gnisbed, unwarrantable hostility," "wholly irre-
concilable with the friendly and peaceful relations
of the two countries." He calls upon the British
Government to disavow it. It is thus, by our Mi-
nister, characterized as an act of war. And it is
for p"rticipatmg in ihis act that McLeod is ar-
rested, and on this act, thus avowed and thus cha-
racterized, the question is made by the two Govern-
ments Sir, I repeat, let negotiation be exhausted
befoie Congress is called to act or to interpose its
opinion, or to take a final ground, from which,
whei taken, there can be no retreat Whether
right or wrong, Great Britain may choce to put
this controversy in advance of the others Let us
ihen be certain that it be not her strongest ground.
It is much easier to be right at first, than to get
right at last. We shall also look to the possib'e
c nsequences of even the errors of our adversary.
Is it not among the possibilities that she may deem
herself bound to protect those who have obeyed the
orders ot their superior authorities in her service,
and that, under the spirit attributed to her in there-
port, she may resort to retaliation? And I rep°at,
if pushed to the extreme, war is inevitable. Is it
not, then, the safest course to leave the case m the
hands of the Executive, withoat, at least, adding to
the excitement, which, from recent evidence, ft
sufficiently rife?
But, sir, ths report also embraces the case of the
Caroline, which was not submitted to the commit-
tee To exhibit the point in controversy, only one
addition to the statement I have read is necessary,
viz That the destruction of the Caroline is at-
tempted to be justified in the despatch ot Sir Fran-
cis Head on the grouad of self-defence. He al-
lege, in substance, that the force on Navy island
proceeded from the American shore, and was aug-
menting, through the agency of the Caroline, un-
restricted by the authorities of the State of New
Ytirk, < r of the Unnited States.
This is the onl) ground tak<?n by the British
Government as a justification of the destruction ot
the Caroline, and, b-mg taken, a report on the
case of the Caroline should have met it directly, by
a denial either of the fact or of the consequence.
I complain that that the case is not met. No,
«ir it is not met It is evaded. Mr. Fox «ays,
"The place where tin. vessel was destroyed was
nominally, it is true, withw the territory
of a
