Feb. 1841.
26ih Coks.".2nd Sfss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
____________Pre-emption Bill—.— Mr. Rives.
$88
Senate.
tern unknown to yoar Constitution; nay, more,
rejected by your immortal framers of that sacred
instrument, while in council assembled, no,v
trampling upon the Government of their choice,
and wringing from the earning:, of this people a
sum of $28,000,000 per aanum—mor1 than your
const'tutiona', legitimate Government dare do
And yet, sir, we are taunting'y told, that the people,
in the Presidential e'ection of 1840, decided that
these th ngs should be s->, that this system «hould
live in the resuscitati n of a gr<.at National Bank,
with powers and means more potent and alarming
than any ever heretofore conceived or dreamed of by
the American people Di toe advocates of this sy-
tem flatter them«elves, by tie r acs oi mystifica-
tion, through their cordon cf disc phned public
presses, that operate so systematically upon public
opinion from one end of this grea1 continent to the
other, that it wi 1 continue to avail ihem in practis-
ing their deception and extortion upon the great
laboring growing aid productive interests of this
country? And wh°n they are suspected even of
oppression or extrrtioj, or producing even embar-
rassment amongst the people, ihey are to whirl
with the facility of ? practised legerdemain, the
whole oí theu m,cc>ndiict, exactions and oppres-
sion, upon the shoulders of ine Government, and
th°reby induce a deluded people to hold their Go-
vernment alone responsiD.e, while they make off
with ihe "spoils" of tsventj eight millions of dol-
lars per annum. Sir, are they not presuming too
much, and dtawmg too largely upon the ignorance
and want of intelligence amongst the great mass of
the hardy freemen rf this country1 Much sir,
much. Well sir, we'I,aa they have succeeded m
such calculation, to the eternal discredit of the na-
tion, I am myself still unwilling, loth, and reluc
tant, to believe it, I wi'i nv, cannot, while th«re is
a vestige of liberty for Ihe freedom of 'h u^ht to be
exercised m.
But we are told that we aie st.U to have lechar-
tered a National Bank, and thi who'e system re-
vived and mvigora'ed ur ler its auspices, and that
the people have wn'ed it
Has such a decision 'iecn subn Hted to the peo-
ple? What s,id ihe honorable member f-em Vir-
ginia [Mr Mallory] a few dsys age7 Did he not
s ate emphatically, th t if a National Bank had
been dec ded m by the people in the last Ptesiden
tial electioi, he f?d b°en deceived, and thit he
had deceived others? Wn¿t said tha member from
Georgia, [Mr. Alfird ] and anoiie  member from
Virginia, [Mr Gaiund"] P> tl ey conoid"' a
National Bank U have been dec t'cd ii favor cf, in
the last Pi evidential e\n tot/2 And vhai s,vd
another member fiom Virginia m relato; to trat
and other subjects which «re ••aid *o have been
decided by tne P es den lal e' c on? Tht=e are
members oi the s-ame rarty, and differ mosi w del}
from others of tnat part/ in their opin ons relative
to what was decided in that eletuon I have no-
thing to do with the d fference  oí gen lemen en
that side of the Hou«e, and reiei to th"m only as
evidence that nothing of a deceive character upon
that subject was dec>ded by the t erp'e in the recent
election. There are other ff>c s I cou d mention,
of a similar character, to she v the era i tou« and
mon fallacious opinion that has been expressed
upon that subject here, an3 particularly in arotner
branch of this body
Sir, let Us taice admont i< n from he lesson lhat is
now before u^¡ "Wh-u is tl¡p «ustión of h«t m-
stitation that it is now in contemplation tor  charter''
Does not every bree z  th>t biows from the North
bring with it some additional s ews of the disas-
trous condition of that miscalled institution, the
United Sta'es B?nk? Is not thit in ti'utio-i now
lying gasping for life, from diseases brought on it
by its own follies and iniqui íes and in its crash
burying beneath Us ruiósthepro pertty andforture«=
of thousands and thou ands of the mist lrnoceit
persons'? Do we not feel ev °n here the snock which
its fate has created? Does not every papei thai we
daily receive trom Philadelphia, bnn« news of some
new disaster to the public lhat his resulted from the
ill management of tha' most mischievous machine,
whose credit is now ('own literally to nothing, and
bringing down with it, as I have before said, that ot
the credit of thousands'? Sir, I deeply feel for the com-
munity who have suffered so sorely from the death
like strumites of this expiring monster, but fear that
it i, btt a part of retributive justice, for overweening
confidence, and criminal credulity. Yes, sir, a
creduli'y wheh is now beoommg Ihe di^ea   of
the age, an i the curse of the times—a eredu
hty, that has been reje- ed by the visdom and ex-
perience of every age Tne losses by that iiimuu-
t on to the public, no man yet c?n tell tne extent
of. Every city and village in the nation wil1, in
some treasure or other, be affected by them. Ay,
sir, ^u¡\ in th  c untry too, will many <eel most
s nsibly ihf effects of th s most rmgmficent
failure
Were this an isolated case of the disastrous ef-
fects of these pernicious ins'l'ution , I wou'd i ot
press it here, in demonstration of the baneful and
mischievous character of ihe whole system But,
sir, what mail arrives from "the North, Sou h, Ea„t,
or West, that dots not bring with it some news of
t. ime recent bank failure? I have this d?y heard
of ones in the West, Galhpohs, I think ¡t was called,
and, s,r, they have become so frequent, that no
man who rea'ls or hears < f them, retains it ¿ mo-
ment on his memory, unless he has some pprticular
m'erest in the resu't The whole svslem is c nü-
nually bloiungup from the North to heSouih, at
the lois and sacrifice of millions to the people
Yet rot en and de.tiuctive—ruinous and disastrous
as every additional da^'s experience proves this
who'e the ry to be, itions as it s, theie has long
been a party tivt has embraced the wnole system
as a part of their creed, and who are resolved to
hazird all that is dear and valuable to the people
of this country in Us defence, vith all its ruin-
ous, destructive, and devastating consequences
And this, too, is attempted m the very fac of the
explosion and failure of three hundred and sixty-
five of these mischievous incorporated institutuns,
since the vear 1789
Here, sir, is the statement from the official re-
port of th  fc-ecretaty of the Treasury, to >vhich I
hive befo.e alluded—page 4 and  5
Numbei   and capital rf banks which have failed    a the
United States since 1789
t riomi7sitoian—
A certamed and estimated At 20 m numbei, and a capital
a\ eraging each SloO U00
This would mak*, the capital of all failing between
1789 and IS11                                                                3 000000
2  Horn 1811 tn li-30—
\ ceitamed and estimate 1 at Uo m all vi?
Ascertained by Ml   Oalhlln  ii  h s Cnnsidetations Gil Banks
165
C 4| ital oi  ¿9 known                                                   i-21 24   Í09
Capital of 16 ni tinoco  an 1 estimated I y me in
nearly a like ratio at $110 000 each                             ( S40 00J
[Capital;, of both estimated by Mr fíallatm at
near thirty millions —Consideiatiou  on   Banks,
p-i^e 50 ]
( impu el to have been unknown to 'Vii Gallatin,
30 banks with like rapyl                                              7 OOOO
[SeeG-iuge on  lili   m^ past. 221 |art2J iitst
edi lot where it is stated   hat 2s nare had been
ascertained than were m Mr Gallatin s list 1
Whole capital ef banks failing between lsll and
1830                                                                           $16 787309
i Fiom 1830 to 1811—
The bank'consideled to be altea ly brokei or faih d enti ely
since 1^30 are supposed to have been about 1 >0 of which
140 have been ascer ameel The aveiase capital must be at
least SWO 000 ^ach Ihls wouli n al e the capital of thr- io0
equal to                                                                     54)001000
Now, su, with all h se startling facis before (he
eyes of this injured and much abused peopl , will
there be any party who will dan  to step forward
with ru hles,hai'Hboo'4, and propose a ¡evisitation
and con inuance of th se evils upon ihe h ads of
Ibis sufienng people? Will they dare to rivet on
ihis countr) ano her rmmmoth Bank of fifty or one
hundred millions of capí al, wi ii tranche  to be-
stride th,;, na'ion, and extort twenty ei^hi millions
of dol'ar  per annum f,om ihe laboring and pro-
ductive classes of the country? Can the ¡ eople, b,
the operation of any sy tem of trained and di e*-
plmed public preces upon public opimon, ever be
brought to bear sjch a state of things? So, re-
charter such a Bank under present circumstances,
and what President will ever dare agaui to throw
himself in the breach, and stay its onward course of
extortion and oppression of this devoted peoole?
Where will you find another Jackson, who will
dare to grapple with such a hydra?
[Mr Morgan of New York said, in an under
tone, "no where, he hoped."]
No, sir, said Mr. B you will not find such
another, for General Jackson was no "sham hero,"
no "paper chieftain." His fame will not be sung
m mock hemes, nor be transmitted to posterity by
sham and ostentatious parades, to gull the witless
mob. The plainest narratives of his services on the
battle field are written on the hearts of his country-
man, and will be handed down to future genera-
tions as monuments, as durable as time.
Once more rechatter this Bank, and you
will give it a perpetuity winch may well
bid defiance to the whole power of your Govern-
ment to reaiove' Once moreenihrone it, with in-
creased capital and privileges, and yon enable it to
laugh to scorn the calamities of this mighty people,
and to inflict, with perfect impunity, whatever of
embarrassment and distress may become necessary
to p'omo'e its interest or to gratify it  cupidity—-a
power, s,ir, which, before your Government will
ever dare to encounter, it will truckle and bow
down its humbled and humiliated head. Under
the reign of such an institution, with its variety of
fiieans and resources oí operation upon the wants
and necessities of the people, and on public opinion
itself, toll me noi, sir, of liberty—its very name
will be a mockery o{ the inestimable freedom of my
counirv Away with that boasted power of the
people of electii ? their own President' You will
have transfened it to more arrogant, ruthless, irre-
sponsible hands, while you retain for them only the
name—a mere shadow of a thing1
Yes, abolish your mints' Conclude the tragedy
—or catastrophe, I had better say Obliterate every
vesiigefrom ihe minds of the people oí a solid,
permanent currency, founded upon a specie basis'
Repeal the Independent Treasury system, lhat se-
parates Bark and State' Reunite them again, to
opera'e on the pe pie, and gnad 'hem into dust, as
did the ' union rf Ch.wc'i and State of old," and
you will have repealed your Constitution, and put
pn end to Amer can liberty
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
REMARKS OF MR. RIVES,
Ol   VIRGINH
In StNATit of inn United States
Tne qjestion ben*saboit lobe put on the va-
nous priposiuons for the amendment of the pros-
pective pre-emrmon bill—^                   /
Mr C1YES rose and .aid, before the «ense of
the Sena t «es taken on the various qu£$tu ns about
to be suomitte I for i*s < eusion,\Jic desired to say a
word or tw< 11 cxp'an^tion of t\e v£tes he should
üive up in them He 'al no%de4ign to enter
in o th- itbif as he felt that wjiuld be ostt of
plac for <n who hat1 so recen'ly taken his seat
in th s bods, w 'hout having h d the advantage of
either heanng oi readin  ihe able discu'sion which
had occupied ifs af'ention for the ia=t three or four
weeks, on lh  subject of the public lands. He
wishel rieiely to s ate a few general notions which
would gOv'trn the votes he intended to give.
The pubhc linds (stid Mr Rives) are the com-
mon proputj of the nation They are so expressly
decl'red o be, and solemnly consecrated to the
common bcipfitof all the numbers of the Confe-
deracy, in the deeds of cession of ihe respective
Slates which originally held them, or have been
since acquired and paid for by the common trea-
sure of th- Union. H° was, therefore, sgamst
all schem ■= for al enating or dissipating this com-
mon limen anee, eithei oy tne wholesale operation
of a ce sion lo ll e new States, as proposed by the
Senator fi\,m South Carolina,! Mr Calhoun,] or
b} the p ecviaeal process oí prospective pre-emption
right , rs contemplated by the bill of the Senator
fiom Musoari, [Mr. Benton ] But while he was
thus o¡po i J to all partial or exclusive appropria-
tions (( in* common fund to ihe special benefit Of
parncjlar Slates or pirtieuUr classes, he bad al-
ways been willing to see it administered m a spirit
of liberality and patern-d londoess t0 the new
Stales, in tie spectacle of -«hose prosperity and
mag'csl grow'h no on  felt a higher degree of pa-
triotic pride, or a livelier fratenwl sympathy, than
he did     A kmdly and fostetmg policy towards the
