S88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th Comg---2np Sess.   _____________
■■■ «Wlf«if>-   *'■       ' '                                                                      ~~
torarcj-can be guarded against. Dur ng the la t
esBBio , it was thought advisable to authorize the
PregijlpRi to suspend a part of the public works,
uaiil the accruing revenue would justify their re-
sumption At this session it is proposed to autho-
rized-¿«tissue of five millions of Treasury n^tes.
They will not malte any addition to the obligations
of the Government, because they are not to be
issued except for lack of timely means, and, when
issued, stand in place of obligations incurred by the
appropriations authorized by law. 1 hey ape not
required on account of any deficiency of the whole
year, but to meet heavier payments than the ac-
cruing revenue in the earlier part of the year will be
in time to sat'sfy, though by the close ot the year it
may be equal to the redemption of the^e notes, as
■well a§ all other charges. The want appears to be
temporary, and is immediate. How shall it be
supplied? No one will say that taxes can be made
available in time- It is also well known that a
regular loan cannot be had wi'hout more delay
for advertising and contract than circumstances
admit. To do what individuals are in the constant
habit of doing, give their own notes instead of bor-
rowing, or in other words issue Treasury note ,
seems to be the only alternative. The issue of
Treasury notes is no new thing. It has not been
confined to this Administration, and has not the
J«ast connection with what is called the Sub Trea-
sury system, as some have ignorantly or deceptively
represented Their issue was authorized by six
separate acts of Congress during Mr Ma-
dison's administration The then members
from my district, Mr. Clay and Mr. Kerr,
voted for them, although the latter, who
is still alive, is far from being a Sub-Treasury
man. Mr. Jeffer«on, Mr. Crawlord, Mr. Macon, Mr
Lowndes, Mr. Chsvet.Mr. Giles, and nearly, if not
quite all, of the old Republican party, sanctioned or
recommended their occasional use. Every known
Qovernment in the world, and I had almost said
every individual, has, at some time, found it ne-
cecessary to use credit m a similar mode.
The coBS'ltutional power by this Government to
issue Treasury notes, has not been entirely without
question; but it has been doubted so raiely, and by
so few, that little weight of authority res's against it
1 will not trouble the committee by repeating argu-
ments much better ui;edm the able discussions
on the constitutional question, at this, and at pre-
ceding scaions ot Congress For m\self, it ap-
pears equally rightful to issue notes direcly to on
gmal crediter?, as to regular lenders-, and much
more so, than to give bonds to banks m exchange
for their notes, with which to pay creditors
The issue oí Treasury notes is the mo.t conve-
nient mode ot borrowing; and its v<?iy (oavenierc
forms the chief objection to its exere s>—upon the
ground that it may be b'lte-r for an individual to
deal at ihe furthest store, or borrow money from the
most distant bank—a too frequent resort may be
prevented by the addiuonal trouble In tempt-
rary and sudden emergencies such as the pre-
sent, the case is, difieren!, and the conveme, e
becomes important to supply a w<nt, which, ¡Í
not -.«applied at once, need not be applied at all
The notes are authenticated after the m>nner of au-
thenticating certifica'es of loans—aie chained to
the Treasurer as soon as issued, a^d have to be ac-
counted for by him under all the guard-, ihat give
security to the funds of the Government. They
may be made ready to meet immediate wants, pay no
interest until the day they are issued, are receivable,
and generally are all received m payments of  he
dues to the Government, and they bear ro interest
at the end of twelve months from the r date Al-
though they have greatly the advantage of regulai
loans, or of taxes, in being more speedily got and
gotten nd of, yet the power to isiue them is liable
to abuses; and 1 am far from being (V,vor,üble t>
its use, upon any occasion whatev r, exdpt ih-
sapply of a temporary want, in anti^ipiri n ¡if an
accruing income It is not enough that there are
objections to Treasury notes. There a'e ohjec tons
to other loans, and to taxes—they, too, are liable to
abuse. Although each may be necessary in its
place, yet they are all evils, and the less we have of
either the belter
As amendments to this bill, we are told that se-
Ireosury Note Bill—Mr. Coles
párate pre posi ions v 1 be submitted—to contract
a loan for ten millions, and to raise 'he Uxes on
silks, wines, and linens Bo'h are unavailable for
present purposes, and premature and unjustifiable
as provisions for any probable want ot the fu-
ture. No one knows what the future will re-
quire The new Administration and us fnends,
now in the majority, are to settle th*? scale of ex-
penditures—they alone can properly estimate the
supply if they, contrary to their past votes,
contrary to the declarations recently made on this
floor, should prefer to redeem the pledges of econo-
my lately made to the people dunnjthe canvass
for the Presidency, they will have amp'e opportu-
nity to do so. The Florida war, the puichase of
immense tracts of land, th° removal of Indians,
and the reducing list ot Revolutionary pension ,
together with other objects of expenditure, will
cease to hang so heavily on the coming Adminis-
tration as they have on the present. The income
of this year will, in all probability, meet iw expen-
ditures, including the redemption of Treasury
notes. Tne income of the next may be adequate to
economical wants If, on the other hand, the com-
ing Administration is to embark on the splendid
voyage described Jjy so many of its friends—if they
shall attempt to sustain the fallen fortures of banks
and Sta estocks, by loans and distributions out of
the common Treasury, then the proposed loan of
ten millions, or the tax on wines, silks, and linens,
will be but an insignificant beginning of the supply
of the millions upon millions  that  will be needed
We are asked, will you not tax luxuries'* And
much is said of the poor and the rich, with the view
no doubt of getting up a poor man's feeling in be-
half of this tax T<ike off an equal amount of the
t ixes on necessaries, and I will go with you Until
you do, before you levy this tax on luxunes, tell us
what you mean to do with its proceeds. Is it for
the proper service of the Government? No, sir: it
is openly avowed, by many of the most influential
members of the party, that it is to supply the place
of the revenue from the sales of public land, which
it is designed to give away to the States I consi-
der this object as totally unwarran'ed, and but the
entering wedge of boundless extravagance and un-
constitutional legislation But how is it to be ef-
fected? The levenue from public lands is esti-
mated at five millions, the proposed duty of 20 per
cent on silks, wines, linens, &c. will yield <>n
amount not exceeding two millione more than is at
present received from those arti-les You will then
have to go further into the list of free articles, and
fio e paymü a duty less than 20 pei cent
According to the very able report of the Secre-
tary oí the Treasury, made to th" S nate, on the
snbj ct of the reorganisation of the tanff, it ap-
pears that, after Jo^e, 1842, all duties on miperti-
tions now above twenty per cent w 11 be ¡educed
to that ra'e, as limited by the act t-ihel the com-
promise act, anil that, between t1 e first of Decern
bti mxl «ind the following Jun , the duties on the
same importatons will fall fi« millions snort of
th'ir pirsent amount Presuming that the limit of
twenty per cent on protected artio'es will be ad-
hered to, and that it may becirae dcsirab'e to sup-
ply the place of the five millions reduced by the
compromise act in December, 1841, and in June,
1842, he pio eeds to select from thp 1 st of free am-
eles, and that of thewf paying hss duty tnati twenty
percent all articles in his opinion fit to be taxed,
and shows that fifteen per cent, on th's selected list
will only raise the letmired amount of five mil loisof
dollars Silks, wines, and lmens, are included
The importations of coffee amounted to seven mil-
lions, of tea amounting to two milli< ns, together
with all neces<aries w ich have been ron^idered
proper subj cts-of taxation, are al^o included N w,
sir, d stnbutP ih  five millions from the proceeds of
the sales of the p ibhc lands, and can anv one shut
his t> i s to the constquu*'cesi You must exhaust
at once, to suppiy is piace, all tho^e re-ources
pointed out as necessary to supply the deficency
arising under the last reductions of the compre-
mise act. If this deficiency has to be provided for,
as most of the Harrison party, at least, trunk will
be necessary, where will be your i-e sources? Given
away—the compromise forgotten—duties for pro-
tection raised higher than 20 per cent, and necessa-
H. of Reps.
nes, such a< salt, sugar, iron, and coffee, as well as
luxuries, subjects to onerous dut'es But this is
only the first step. Pollo n up this lawless distri-
bution, by distributions from the other branch of
the revenue: enter on your system of harbors,
roads, and other unnecessary and unauthorized
measures, and you will have to add to the taxes
faster than they have been reduced in the last ten
years. Exorbitant and oppressive as they may be-
come, they may leave but a scanty allowance for
the wants of the Government, after paying the inte-
rest of the gigantic national debt, to which the po-
licy of the Harrison party must lead us, unless it
Can be arrested by the interposition of the people
It is said that the Treasury is bankrupt If, sir,
a temporary want of present means, m anticipation
of a sufficient annual revenue, constitute bankiupt-
cy, I glorv m it. It forms the -, rongest guaran-
tee against the contemplated waste and extrava-
gance of the coming Administration. How is the
Treasury bankrup' has any legal demand been
rejected during the last year? No, none can be
pointed out. The taxes have been gradually re-
duced. Bur is there any falling off of resources?
During all the affected and real rum among bank-
ers and stockjobbT , those who defend and support
the country have wonderfully increased in num-
bers and m wealth. They hold m their hands am-
ple resources for all proper purposes; you have on-
ly to call on them, and your wants will immedi-
ately be supplied In the last ten years, one-third
has been added to your population; and the assess-
ments of property in the different States show even
a greater increase of wealth Whilst you have
heard of rum, rum, ruin, every where, jou have
increased in population four millions of peop'e;
and in wealth, nothing short, perhaps, of one thou-
sand millions of dollars. Has any nation such
boundless credit as is possessed by this Govern-
ment'! What is the condition ef most of the States
in this Union, or of any State in Europe, compared
to that of ours? Abandon not the policy that has
contributed to <*uch results. If this Capitol could
be converted into gold, I would reconvert tt into
stone, rather than it should be aiade the instrument
of corrupting and overturning theftee institutions
purchased by the blood of our fathers..
The character of the country is satd to be at
stake, and it has been gravely urged as an argu-
ment why this Government should extend relief to
the sinking credit of State stocks and Slate banks
To what enormity would this argument lead?
The first duty is not to foreigners, or to spend-
thrifts of our own land Our fiist duty is to our
oaths, and to our cimtituents, and the best mode of
preserving ou1- character is to pei/orm our duties
and confine our elves o our own business I de-
plore the fallen condition of S ate credit and the
general rum of banks and speculators. But their
calamities have sprurg from mmeyed operations,
in which this Government had no agency. On
both sides, those concerned have been, and must
be, their own guardians. They cannot expect this
limited Government to burden the whole commu-
nity, in order to stretch out re'ief to unfortunate or
profliga'e portions of it. Títere is a much prouder
characteristic than the credit abroad of any one
class. The character we have for living in a land
where a written Constitution guaranties equal laws
and liberty, is far dearer to Americans, and more
adm red by the mass of setssib'e foreigners, than
the standing of our stocks or the reputation of our
bankers and speculators. To s nk the first, m or-
der to raise the latter, weuld be poorly compen-
sated by the s-mles and good graces of the money
dealers of all ihe cities in th  world
Theie is much difficulty m properly arranging
'h* tariff of duties. No necessity requires action
on that compl cated and perp'exm< subject at this
session, and every view of it admonishes us that it
is proper to leave all its parts free to be arranged
m the best possiDle manner by (he next Congress.
My constituents are chiefly cgncultunsis, as is
the case with the grea' bedv of t ,e American peo-
ple They are ready to match in defence of the
country, it need be; arid will cheerrully contribute
all that is required by an economical Administra-
tion; but, sir, nothing more. They are individual-
ly and politically interested in keeping down the
