390
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th Cong......2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr, Coles.
H. of Reps.
The gentlemen are mistaken. I hold in my hand
the correspondence to which they have referred me,
as the only source of their information, in which
not one word appears in regard to England,
Austria, Germany, Russia, Spain, or Portugal,
until aftothe date of the resolution passed by this .
House in 1837, and not a-word in regard to France/
from 1786 to 1829. In the latter year Mr. Rives
addressed a short note tothe French Minister, sot
on the merits of the monopoly, but on the contem-
plated appointment of an agent to purchase for
the Regie, creating the double monopoly; which
has existed since. In 183?, Mr. Livingston took
up the subject in some earnest, but the/ndemnity
■was settled, and tobacco forgotten. "Hie negotia-
tion was not seriously pressed, even pá France, un-
til General Cass opened it again itf 1838, under
special instructions. I call oaj*eiitlemen to show
me where and when this negotiation has been so
zealously.and uninterruptedly continued from 1786
to 1840. This document cannot be mistaken. It
was selected from the whole correspondence on ¡he
subject, which was submitted to the House by the
Secretary of State, at the last session of Congress.
The selection was made by the gentleman from
Maryland, and if there had been any thing else of
consequence, it would not have escaped his keen
sighted vigilance. Did gentlemen expect in 1838,
when this negotiation was commenced generally
and actively, for the first time, that the fixed habits
and prejudices, and the long established systems of
Europe, were to be changed in a year or two? No,
sir; they could have expected no such thing. They
knew that time was required to obtain the neces-
sary information, to impart that information, and
to avail ourselves of opportunities depending upon
ever changing circumstances. They must have
known that if success ever was reached, that it
must be by a slow and gradual process. Whence,
then, the present impetuosity?
Gentlemen say that our ministers at the courts
of London and Paris have written home that the
negotiation was at an end, and that nothing more
more could be done in that way. It is, in truth, in
a more promising condition than could have been
expected. From the facts that have been elicited,
and the manner our representations have been re-
ceived every where, I have more hope of eventual
success than I had at lirst. Let us look into the
correspondence referred to. In the beginning of the
very paragraph in which General Cass concludes
by recommending retaliatory duties, you will find
good reasons to show that his recommendation was
wrong. In page 16, of document 229, 1st session,
38th Congress, General Cass says, in his letter to
the Secretary of State, that, "From some obser-
vations made last session in the Chamber of De-
puties, it is obvious that the public, and I think,
in some respects, the Government, appreciate
neither the extent of this trade, nor the peculiar
advantages which France derives from it. In the
«vent of "the publication of the correspondence, it
would become important that the grounds of our
application should accompany the statement of the
reasons which are given for declining to comply
with it. Public opinion will finally operate upon
the question, which has been violently attacked
here, and which presents so many assailable points,
in principle and in practice, that it is much easier
to support it than to defend it."
In another part of the same letter he says: "But
you will perceive by the course of the Marshal's
ob«ervations in the letter, and of my answers, that
«he difficulty in the way of any change is to be
found in the amount of the revenue, yielded by this
system, and the fear that any substitute would be
th« less productive."
In Mr. Stevenson's letter to the Secretary, con-
tained in the same document, he says, that from
Parliamentary documents it appears that 'Hhe con-
sumption in the United Kingdom was not less than
50,000,000 of pounds; of this quantity, duty was only
paid on 22,000,000 of pounds." The balance
being smuggled. "Hence it was," Mr. Stevenson
said, "that the commissioners of the revenue, in
their recent report to' the Government, declared
that th« suppression of smuggling tobacco cannot
be effectually provided against, except by removing
¡hi mué, visi the eseemverat* of duty." Again, Mr.
Stevenson says: ''Indeed, the Chancellor of the
Exchequer expressly said that he had no difficulty
in declaring that the present duty of three shil-
ling? was infinitely higher than any just policy
would sanction. The president of the board of
trade also said, that he admitted the force of the
opinion I had referred to, as expressed by him in
1830-'31, when he submitted to Parliament (as one
of the ministers of the Government) a plan for the
reduction of this du y on tobacco. Tnese opi-
nions he still entertained, and was desirious of see-
ing carried|intooperation." "They admitted that,with
an overflowing Treasury, there was no duty ot cus-
toms in which her Majesty's Government would be
so much pleased to make the experiment, as that
on tobacco. Such, however, was not the condition of
their Treasury at this time." " Both, therefore,
concurred in opinion, that the experiment of re-
ducing the present high duty was very desirable, as
well in relation to the interests of the United S'ates
as to those of Great Britain. They said they
wished they could entertain the hope that it would
be in the power of iheir Government to do it at an
early day, but of this they could give no assurance.
They begged me, however, to be satisfied, that, if
it was possible, they would be as rea'ly and willing
as we could be to make the experiment." "The
Chancellor of the Exchequer, in my last interview,
emphatically assured me that he would not lose
sight of the subject, but that the moment it was in
his power he weuld submit a plan for the reduc-
tion to Parliament." "While, therefore, there is
little hope of any speedy or acceptable changr on
the subject, we have at test gained, in so much,
that the present system is admitted to be indefensi-
ble upon general principles, and a favorable oppor-
tunity only wanted to get rid of it. This, I flatter
myself, under the influence of the enlightened and
liberal principles of the age, may be looked to as
an event more than probable."
Extracts of a similar bearing might be multi-
plied from the foiegoing letters, as well as from
the correspondence of other ministers. The treaty
concluded with Sardinia in 1839, by a representative
of the Government, acting under instructions in re-
gard to tobaccc, has not been without its effects
already. Its removal of the transit duties has
opened the interior to our tobacco; and I under-
stand that, during the three first quarters of the
last year, three cargoes of tobacco, amounting to
over a thousand hogsheads, were received at Genoa,
although none had been sent directly there from the
United States before. At the instance of Mr. Nile ,
who concluded the treaty with Sardinia, Austria
during the same year, repealed or modified her
quarantine regulations at the port of Trieste, which
had so embarrassed our trade with that populous
empire as to leave little direct intercourse between
us; the effec's of which have been a considera-
ble increase in the number of cargoes sent to that
port, consisting of cotton and other articles includ-
ing tobacco. In addition, I learn that the Aus-
trian Government has manifested a disposition to
take a larger quantity of our tobacco, after the ex-
ample of France. These may be looked on as
small beginnings; but, taken together with fee man-
ner our representations ha ve been received eyery
where else, are far from discouraging.
Gentlemen ask, will you not cease to appeal to
the justice and magnanimity of Governments? It
is, sir, a matter of trade between independent na-
tions, and must be managed on the principles of
trade, by appealing to their interests and not to their
fears. Why are your ministers stationed at
foreign courts? Will you abandon all negotiation,
when you cannot succeed at once? Then call in
your ministers from every court, and give from this
Capitol law to the other nations of the world, to
which they must immediately conform, orbe threa-
tened with retaliation, non-intercourse, reprisal,and
war, as the final resort. Has this been the policy
of our fathers? Did we abandon negotiation on
the first failure of the attempts, going through a se-
ries of years, to obtain indemnity for French, Nea-
politan, and other spoliations, which succeeded at
last? Did we abandon negotiations in the various
controversies with England and other countries?
All of them did not finally fail, or result in war.
The long controversies on the colonial trade were
adjusted, not until 1830, by Mr. McLane's arrange-
ment; we have yet questions pending with Eng-
land, which have from the date of our indepen-
dence been subjects cf negotiation. Will you sud-
denly stop negotiation? I hope not, until war is, if
it must be, inevitable.
The digest of commercial regulations abundantly
shows the value of what has been achieved, and
what may be expected from our foreign nfgotia-
tisn. Although much remains to be done, yet its
progress has been steady and considerable, in re-
moving the numberless restrictions which embar-
rassed our infant trade. Our liberal policy has had
its influence on other nations, and much has been
effected towards its propagation among them. The
old system was one of oppressive restriction—inter-
fering with, and attempting to regulate, almost every
occupation of the people; but it has been yielding, by
little and little, to the liberal spirit of the age. In
nothing is the present period more distinguished
than for the rapid progress of the principles of free
trade. Scarcely a treaty has been made in Europe
for the last ten years, without yielding some homage
to those giorious principles.
The Secretary of State, in his report on commer-
cial privileges and restrictions, made to the last
Congress, says that "these prohibitions and ret-
strictions, however, although affeciing seriously
our agricultural, maratime, manufacturing, and
mechanical industry, cannot be rightfully regarded
as evidences of hostility, but are to be imputed to
that erroneous policy wheh seeks to establish the
prosperity of a whole community by burdening the
mass, for the purpose of securing unnatural profits
to selected portions of its productive industry. The
success of our efforts in the advancement of liberal
principles of intercourse, has been such as to
justify a hope that we may, by constant adherance
to the true principles of political economy, and the
use of the means fairly within our reach, be useful
in correction of the opinions on this subject, which
now form the great barrier to a universal, unre-
stricted, and advantageous interchange of the var.ed
commodities of the civilized world."
All must be a ware of the fact, that high duties,
monopolies, and restrictions, have become subjects
of intense interest and enlightened discussion
throughout all Europe. The errors and impolicy
of the old system in regard to them, must become
palpable; and whenever they do, they will be miti-
gated or abandoned, no matter under what form of
Government they exist.
Had I not already occupied so much time, I would
here read an article on the effects of free trade in
Switzerland, lately written by an able writer on the
spot. It forcibly illusirates the superior prosperity
of Swiizerland, under its free trade system, over the
surrounding countries, possessing higher natural
advantages, but laboring under the existence of
rigorous systems of protective restriction. The
former country, in the midst of the restrictive po •
licy of its neighbors, without retaliation, renders
her peculiar advantages, limited as they are, avail-
able to the utmost: whilst the latter, by their pro-
tective legislation, repiess, or divert from their ap-
propriate employment, the superior natural endow-
ments they have been blessed with, and are in a
much worse condition.
It is to the comparative freedom of industry and
trade that the United States owe their unexampled
progress—not to miserable banking systems, mo-
nopolies, and protective restrictions. There can
be no liberty unless labor is free. Take away the
freedom of industry, which we hoped was gua-
rantied by our institutions, and you steal from
them their brightest gem. Cease not to afford your
example, and to extend your influence to break
the chains which have bound the sinews of agri-
culture for ages, and reduced the lot of the hus-
bandman (in many parts of the world) to that of
a slave. To emancipate industry and trade from
the fetters which Governments have imposed, under
the delusive names of protection and retaliation,
would be a revolution in the affairs of mankind,
attended with greater and happier results than any
human event recorded in history.
With freedom of domestic industry, and a reci-
procal trade among nations, the peculiar advanta-
ges of each would receive their fullest development,
