S96                                             APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                              Feb. 1841.
26th Cong..-2nd Sbss.
**'i i ' ■ -   ' '      ■>'■•  ■   ■'' ■■'      '- - l-   j ' *- ^
middling classes, and advise the youth of both
sexes against buying things to wear, which their
fathers cannot afford to furnish. Tell ihem that it
was this, and their neglect of business—throwing
the whole labor of families off the young-, strong,
and healthy, upon the father, mother, and smaller
children—tell them it was this, and this alone,
which has embarrassed them Tell them, also, to
encourage industry in their families and neighbor;
to turn out of their houses the scamp who wants to
figure m fine clothes, and who has nothing to give,
and will not work to pay the merchant for them;
and tell them, also, to uphold, with their counte-
nance, the honest youth, however homely his ap-
pearance, who will earn his living by the sweat of
his brow. Impress these truths and principles
upon the public mind, and you will restore prospe-
rity among individual families, and upon this great
family of Slates. It is better than to try and relieve
some by plundering others
If General Harrison and his friends shall only
pursue this course, I shall most gladly render him
my feeble support. If, however, he follows the
path which appears to have been marked out (or
htm by his friends here—if he shall encourage or
countenance these schemes of taxation, extrava-
gance and expenditure—I shall be found in oppo-
sition, wherever I may make such opposition uve-
ful to a confiding but deceived and plundered
people.
REMARKS OF MR. JOHNSON,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Mepresentattves February 19, 1841—
A bill to extend, for five years, the act approved
the 7th July, 1838, "granting halt-pay and pen-
sion;  to certain widows," being under considera-
i    Uon—
|   Mr. Hopkins' submitted the following amend-
ment, viz.
,uBeUenacted, That thcpiovisumsof the act appioved 7th
4>une, 1832 entitled An aci ouppiuntntuy to the tot f >i ihe
rellefofcertam surviving ofhceis ami soldiers uf the Ilevulu
ttoiV be, and the aamo aie hereby extet led, sota to embiace
atVthose ofticier** anil soldiers -¡plea and langers who, utider
onaan jnoie engagements, shall hive beived tor a term ol
threMnonths or upwards, m the wars ag-uneuhe Indian tribes
at any time previous to ihe tteaty oí t.ieenville, m the year
1795, and on application at the piopei depanmuit and piool
thereof, they shall 1)6 entitled to havo their names placed on the
pension roll "
Mr. JOHNSON said. I thank my honorable co'-
league for having brought io the notice of this
House the long deferred claims of a remnant of our
Revolutionary days and our Rivolutionary strug-
gles, the rights and inteiests ot whom have been
overlooked and neglected amidst the numerous acts
of justice and liberality with which the records of
thclegislalien of the country abound, and which do
honor to the heads and heaits of American sdales-
men. Although millions have been annually
drawn from the public Treasury, m discharge of
that debt which the wealth of the nation can never
fuly discharge, no murmurs have been hf ard from
the people; bur, on the contrary, these acts have
all been responded to by a generous community, in
notes of unequivocal approbation, from the cen-
tre to the circumference of this widely extended
country
But, Mr. Chairman, I regret to say, that in the
plentitude of our liberality, the old maxim, "be
just before you are generous," seems to have been
lost sight of. We have left, unprovided for, a class
of soldiers whose services were equalled by few,
and surpassed by none, whose claims have been
rejected by the American Congress, while their
compatriots in arms have been made comfortable
by the bounties of the Government. I refer to lhat
class of soldiers who continued the war. from 1783,
when the treaty of peace with Great Britain was
ratified, down to the treaty of Greenville, in
1795.
Twelve long years did they continue the struggle
against fearful odds, after the mild beams of re-
turning peace had made g'ad the heirt of every
freemen in the Atlantic country—ay, sir, when
the sound of rejoicing was heard throughout
the land from Massachusetts to Georgia These
cheering notes reached not the year of the Western
man: there was no peace to your trats-Alleghany
brethren; for, although the civilized enemy had
withdrawn his armies from the field, his savage
Pension Bill—Mr. Johnson.
allies lurked in the wood?. Although a treaty of
peace had been signed, yet he held on to his western
pos>ts, and virtually to ihe western country, main-
taining his position by an armed force, under the
vain hope, no doubt, that our glorious experiment
would fail, and that, by keeping up the war
through his Indian allies, he would stand ready to
avail himself of the first advantage to recover his
lost power, by adding the nothwestern territories
to his Canadian dominions. The history of the
war proves, that, notwithstanding the acknowledg-
ment of our independence by the British, they
assembled m council with the Indians as late as the
year 1793, when ihey admonished the savages
that a new line muu be drawn between the United
States and the Cañadas by the sword And with
that view, fortresses were erected on the Miami
of the lake, and garrisoned by British soldiers.
The stipulations of the treaty of 1783 did not
change the condition of your western people The
blessings of liberty, for the benefit of which you
had prosecuted a seven years' war, had been but
partially secured, and were not pamcipa'ed in by
the western men- they found themselves m the
deep recesse1! of a wilderness, far removed from
succor, surrounded by innumerable hordes of raer
ciless savage^, by whom the war was continued
with all imaginable horrors The pecuniary
means of your Government had been exhausted,
your army was disbanded, and your Western people
thrown upon their own limited resources, and cut
off from the Atlantic States by the then almost im-
passible mountains. They had no place of retreat,
bat their log cabin, which they had sworn to de-
fend, or die on the sill of its dt-or' In this forlorn
condition, they prosecuted the war from 1783 to
1795, with no hope of aid; no friend to support, no
tongue to cheer, no pun to record; no eye to weep'
Arm to arm, steel to steel, they met the savage,
and struck for liberty' Nor was the conflict con-
fined alwavs to the hardier sex tender females be
came mo'c than sold ers, and, forgetting the deli-
cacy ot iheir textures, fought bravely by the sides
of their husbands and brothers, in defence of their
humble domicile, their hearths, and cradled infants.
Their little fields, whence alone their rations were
drawn and their families fed, were cultivated at
intervals snatched from the busy scenes of war;
and while the son silenily held the handles of the
plough, the father was sentinel in a corner of the
feme,  and  poised steadily the unerring rifle.
I have said there was no pen to record the
deeds of chivalry, which the traditions of the times
have dimly and imperfectly handed down. Could
the fact-* be correctly detailed, a vacuum in the
hi^toiy of this country would ba supplied with rich
matter, and scenes of disinterested patriotism de-
veloped, adding many facts in the history of our
countrymen, at the lecital of which the hearts of
freemen would beat high with national pride, and
veneration for the character of the chieftain But,
unfortunately for our country, the story can never
be all told- it must remain sealed up amongst the
hidden treasures of the past. The remaining
ac ors m the diama, whence alone the tradition
might hive been obtained, stand few and far be
tween, like the oak, once wide spread and nob'e in
the forest, but now in the old fi?ld, deprived of its
vital sap, streaked with lightning, decayed in its
roots, and ready to yield to the lightest blast.
Mr. Chairman, a few of these aged ve-
terans still linger in ihe district I have
the honor to represent; a district extending
from the Alleghany mountains to near the Kentuc
kv line, embracing a portion of the country water-
ed by the Monongahela, the Great and Little Ka-
rawha, and extending along the banks of the Oiio,
more than one hundred miles. This portion of
country formed emphatically the line of demarca-
tion between the whi e and the red roan during the
Revolutionary war, and was the arena in which
gladiators m^t Your sentinel upon the outer wall
was placed there, and ably and gallantly were your
outposts defended.
I  is mockery, "it, to say that those men were
not engaged in the struggle for independence.
They were the first who took the field, and the last
who left it. The first battle fought m that contest
was on the lOih of October,  1774, at Point Plea-
Hi. of Reps.
sant, in my district, and it was clearly connected
with our Revolutionary movements In fact, it
may properly be styled the first battle of that mo-
mentous struggle. The contest was contmued,with
short intervals, down to 1795, and murders were
perpetrated in the same district, according to my
recollection, as late as 1793. And yet, it has been
gravely said that "they were not engaged in your
struggle for independence, that it was a private war
between the the white man ana the Indian1" Let
us see what the historian of that day said on this
subject.
After speaking of the defeat of St. Clair, he pro-
ceeds to say:
"The Indian war now assumed a more serious
aspect than it had hitherto worn. There was rea-
son to fear that the hostile tribes would derive a
great accession of strength from the impression,
which their success and the spoil they had ac-
quired would make upon their neighbors; and
the reputation of the Government was deeply
concerned m retrieving the fortune of its arms,
and affording protection to its citizens. The Pre-
sident, therefore, lost no time m causing the
estimates for a force, which he deemed compe-
tent to the object, to be prepared and laid before
Congress In conformity with a report made on
this subject by the Secretary of War, a bill was
brought into the House of Representatives, direct-
ing three additional regiments of infantry and a
squadron of cavalry to be raised, to serve for three
years, if not sooner discharged. This bill expe-
nercrd great opposition It was argued, in favor
of the bill, that the justice of the war could not
bs questioned by any who would allow that self-
preservation and indispensable necessity could
furnish sufficient motives for taking up arms. It
was originally undertaken, and had been since car-
ried on, not for conquest, but to defend their fellow*
citizens on the frontiers, who, if not assisted, must
fall victims to the rage and barbarity of thur savage
enemies. It was s ud to be proved by unquestiin-
ab'e documents, that, from the year 1783 to 1790,
there had been not less than fifteen hundred per-
sons, either the inhabitants of Kentucky, or emi-
grants on their way to that country, who had been
massacred by the savages, or dragged into capti-
vity, and there was reason to believe that, on the
frontiers of Virginia and Pennsylvania, the mur-
dered and the prisoners would furnish a list not
much less numerous. In 1790, when a treaty was
proposed at the Miami villages, the Indians at first
refused to treat, they next required thirty days to
dehbeiate, this request was acctded to, and, in the
interim, the inhabitants were expressly prohibnec!
by the President to carry on any offensive opera-
tions against ihem Yet, notwithstanding this for-
bearance on the part of the whites, not less than one
hundred and twenty persons were killed and cap-
lured by the savages, and several prisoners were
roasted alive during that short period, at the expira-
tion of which the Indians refused to give any answer
to the proportion which had been made to them.
The bill was carried for the augmentation of
force required by the Executive."—pp. 336, 341,
342.
Will any one question the national character of
this war, after reading the above extracts? The
entire debate proves that Congress considered it a
continuation of the same struggle for independence,
as in truth it was. The western posts were still
in the hands of the enemy, notwithstanding the
treaty stipulations which required their surrender;
the soil of your country was degraded by ihe oc-
cupancy or foreigners, and the national honor was
tarnished by the non-compliance of Great Britain
with her solemn treaty. It was national in every
respect, and in eyery sense of the word, and great
and lasting benefits resulted from its favorable ter-
mination. The honor of the nation was vindicated,
and a source of revenue, incalculable in it  extent,
was secured in the acquisition of the public do-
main It is from ihis source that you have drawn
man} millions of the money with which jou have
enriched your Treasury. Ay, sir, those millions
of dollars which flow annually into lhat Treasury 
are the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
which were wrested from the common enemy, by
the blood and valor, and reclaimed by the tod and
