1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
753 ,
order; and immediately after what has been
read, at the request of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, is what the Clerk will now read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The Speakeb. The gentleman is out of order."
The only person who called the gentleman
to order was the occupant of the chair. He
will state that when the quotation from " Mar-
mion" was first used by the gentleman from
Tennessee the words did not fall upon the ear
of the Chair. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Cooper] occupies a seat most distant of
all in the Hall from the Chair, and at the time
he was speaking a member from Pennsylvania
was consulting the Chair in regard to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table and its relation
to an important bill now pending, and thus the
words used did not reach the Speaker, nor the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelly,]
who sits nearer to the seat of the gentleman
from Tennessee than does the Chair. If the
Chair liad heard those remarks, although as
first used they were inferential and in the l'orm
of a quotation, he would have called the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to order, the intent
being evident from the language used. Those
words were afterward repeated, and the Chair
instantly called the gentleman from Tennessee
to order. The gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Jenckes,] a few minutes later, raised the
point of order that the whole debate was out
of order as irrelevant, and the Chair sustained
that point of order.
The rule as to questions of privilege is, that
where a proposition is made which relates to
the privileges of the House, it is—•
"The duty of the Speaker to entertain it, at least
to the extent of submitting the question tothcHouse
as to whether or not it presents a question 0f priv-
ilege."
This resolution does not appear a formal vote
of censure. It is a resolution assuming to ex-
press the sense of the House in regard to the
supposed violation of its privileges; and the
Chair will therefore, in accordance with the
rale which will be found, as he has quoted it,
on page 150 of Barclay's Digest, submit the
question to the House whether the resolution
involves a question of privilege or not, and let
the House determine it.
The question is, Will the House entertain
the resolution as a question of privilege?
Mr. SPALDING-. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr. BANKS. If the resolution were before
the House I should be very willing to sustain
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Spai.pino.] But the Speaker has stated that
he submits to the House the question whether
the resolution shall be entertained as a question
of privilege. Now, I do not understand that
this resolution atfeets the privilege of this
House at all, and therefore I must vote against
its reception. It appears to be a simple ex-
pression of opinion in regard to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Cooper,] and in regard
to the politics of his constituents. It does not
touch the privilege of the House at all, and
therefore I hope it will not be entertained in
any shape or form whatever, and thus establish
a precedent.
Mr. WARD, of New York. Would it be in
order at this time to move a vote of censure
upon the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Cooper?]
The SPEAKER. That question is not be-
fore the House. The question is, whether the
resolution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Bpv00mall] shall be entertained by the
House as a question of privilege.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I raise
the point of order, that as this resolution is not
yet before the House all debate upon it is out
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
the question of receiving the resolution is not
debatable except by unanimous consent.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I would inquire of
the Chair whether a mere sentimental resolu-
tion, which proposes no action, 110 censure
whatever, is a question of privilege at all?
39th Coxg. 2d Sb3s.—No. 48.
The SPEAKER. That is a question for
the House to determine. The Digest states
that it is the duty of the Chair to submit to
the House for its determination any question
which it is claimed relates in any way to the
privileges of the. House.
Mr. BANKS. I call the previous question.
Mr. BROOMALL. If allowed by the House,
I will withdraw the resolution for the purpose
of amending it, so as to avoid the objections
which have been made to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to withdraw the resolution before any
vote is taken upon it.
Mr. BROOMALL. Then I withdraw it.
Mr. BANKS. I think it is important thaj>
the House should understand the exact posi-
tion of the question.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is there any question
before the House? I have withdrawn the res-
olution.
Mr. ELDRTDGE. Had the gentleman any
right to withdraw it after the Chair had sub-
mitted the question of its reception to the
House?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A motion may be withdrawn at any time before
a decision or amendment; but not after the previous
question is recorded. It may, however, be with-
drawn while theHouse is dividing on demand forthe
previous question."
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the
Chair that rule applies to all motions. The
question before the House was, whether this
resolution should be entertained as a question
of privilege. Before amendment or a vote the
gentleman has a right to withdraw the resolu-
tion ; and it has been withdrawn.
A RECUSANT WITNESS.
Mr. • COOK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the House on yesterday ordered John F. Tracy
to be brought before the House to answer for
contempt. I wish to say that I have received
communications from New York this morning
which show that the presence of Mr. Tracy is
absolutely necessary this day, and was yester-
day, before the board of directors of the Pacific
railroad. I have brought this information to
the attention of thegentleman from New York,
[Mr. Hale,] the chairman of the House por-
tion of the joint Committee on Retrenchment.
It seems to me that these communications show
that Mr. Tracy has not been guilty of a con-
tempt of the House.
Mr. HALE. This is a subject upon which
I have no personal feeling whatever. In regard
to the person ordered to be brought to the bar of
the House I have learned through several mem-
bers that dispatches have been sent here from
different sources and from different gentlemen,
urging that Mr. Tracy be allowed to remain
in New York to-day and to-morrow on account
of private business. I have only to say that he
was duly summoned to appear before the com-
mittee, but failed to do so, or to render any
excuse for his non-appearance. The commit-
tee, therefore, unanimously instructed me to
make the motion which I made yesterday. I
will leave to the House to determine whether a
private business engagement is to be considered
a reasonable excuse for a person failing to
attend, pursuant to a summons, before a com-
mittee of this House, conducting an investiga-
tion which has been ordered by the House,
and deemed of sufficient importance to be
inquired into. On that point I will express no
opinion whatever ; I shall be entirely satisfied
with whatever action the House may choose to
take upon it. I will say that I am perfectly
satisfied, as I think all the members of the com-
mittee are, that the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Cook,] who introduced the resolution
ordering this investigation, acted in entire good
faith.
' Mr. GRINNELL. It is known to many
members of this House that Mr. Tracy is the
president of the Chicago, Rock Island, and
Pacific railroad and a director of the Union
Pacific railroad. He has, I am told, very im- *
portant and pressing business engagements,
and I know that in failing to attend at the time
appointed by the committee he meant no dig-1
respect to the committee or the House. I ho]5e
there will be no objection to the motion to
reconsider.
-Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to ask the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Cooic] for how long this extension of time is
desired.
Mr. COOK. The dispatch states that the
board of directors of the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany require his presence to-day and to-mor-
row. The dispatch is from Hon. James Brooks,
who, I believe, is one of the direetors. Mr.
Tracy will certainly be here on Monday, if
this motion to reconsider be adopted.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
agree to any arrangement that may be proposed
provided that this gentleman will con.e here at
the time the gentleman from Illinois has indi-
cated. I desire to say that I join with the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Hale] in defend-
ing the entire good faith with which the gen-
tleman from Illinoisniadethisproposition. He
was perfectly warranted in making this inquiry
and offering the resolution requiring the appear-
ance of Mr. Tracy as a witness. I may say that
the reason for this investigation has not been
substantiated. I desire that the House and
the country shall know why and upon what
grounds such an idle rumor was circulated,
affecting the character of the Secretary of the
Treasury and also the sub-Treasurer at New
York. I think further that this occurrence
will tend to give a wholesome lesson for the
future to gentlemen in Wall street, who for their
own purposes seek to influence the market so
as to affect the values of Government stock and
Government gold.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] allow me a word further?
Mr. COOK. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I ought to say
that this is not a trilling case. Mr. Tracy, the
person against whom process for contempt has
issued, is the persen on whose charges a reso-
lution of inquiry was introduced here in regard
to the improper loaning of gold in New York
by an officer of the Government. The charges
which have been made by this man, and which
we have summoned him before us to sustain,
are charges of felony against Mr. Van Dyke,
the Assistant Treasurer at New York. . The
committee thought that it was too important a
subject to be allowed to sleep ; that the inves-
tigation should proceed as rapidly as possible,
so that the country might beinformed whether
those charges are well founded or not.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Will my colleague
allow me a word?
Mr. COOK. Yes. sir.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I desire to ask whether
this gentleman is willing to be here by Monday
or Tuesday ?
Mr. COOK. By Monday morning.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 see no reason why
we should resort to this process of attachment
to bring this man here if he is willing to be
here on Monday. I know Mr. Tracy, and I
should be willing to guaranty to the House
that if he promises to be here on Monday he
will be here. I believe, however, that this
matter should be promptly investigated. Ever
since this question of currency was brought
before the House e-very man who has dared
to raise his voice against the banks and against
the expansion of the currency has been attacked
as the menial of Mr. McCulloch. It has been
charged that Mr. McCulloch has been specu-
lating in the public securities; that he has been
loaning the public funds. We have now a
chance to drive these lies home, and we ought
to do it. But if Mr. Tracy will pledge his
honor that he will be here on Monday I for
one am willing to wait for him. I hope that
this committee will call before it not only Mr.
Tracy, but every other man who charges that
Mr. McCulloch has been guilty of a felony. Let
us see who they are. If Mr. McCulloch has
