1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
755
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider tlie
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
frederick daniel bakeman.
Mr. PRICE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Frederick Dan-
iel Bakeman, a revolutionary soldier; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Frederick Daniel Bate-
■ man on the pension-roll at the rate of $200
per annum during his natural life, payable
semi-annually
Mr. SPALDING, I offer the same amend-
ment to this bill that I did to the last. I move
to strike out "two hundred dollars" and in-
sert in lieu thereof " five hundred dollars."
Mr. DELANO. I desire to know if this
amendment comes from any committee ?
The SPEAKER. The original bill grants
this man a pension of $200. The gentleman
from Ohio proposes to amend it so as to give
him $500.
Mr. DELANO. For what reason?
Mr. DRIGGS. He is one hundred and
seven years old, and he is now supported by
public charity.
Mr. PRICE. He is one of the only two
survivors of the soldiers of the revolutionary
war so far as I know.
Mr. DELANO. Then I make no objection
to the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to make an
inquiry as to the history of this man. Why
has he not been placed upon the pension-rolls
already ?
Mr. PRICE. This man's name is, as ap-
pears from the bill, Frederick Daniel Bake-
man. He is evidently a German, and his
name is Bochman, but it appears upon the
rolls of the War Department as Bakeman. I
am informed on very good authority that appli-
cation was made for a pension in the name of
Bochman, but the name appeared as Bakeman
on the rolls of the War Department, and the
case was held over, and has been since neg-
lected. It was merely a difference in spelling;
his name was Bochman, but spelled m Eng-
lish they made it Bakeman.
Mr. DAWES. Were the committee satis-
fied that he actually served in the revolution-
ary war ? -
Mr. PRICE. We are satisfied of that fact
by the testimony of several persons. This old
gentleman is now one hundred and seven years
of age and is supported by public charity.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the only reason why
the Department did not give this man his pen-
sion that he spelled his name "Bochman,"
and not " Bakeman?"
Mr. PRICE. That is the only reason, ac-
cording to the testimony before the committee.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. There must have
been some very stupid man in the office.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Price] where this person
served. I desire the information as an inter-
esting historical fact.
Mr. DELANO. And I would also ask what
is the evidence of identity ?
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Van Aernam] is personally ac-
quainted with the applicant. He served at
Fort Stanley, and is, I am informed, one of
the Mohawk Dutch.
Mr. DAWES. If he actnally served I do
not care what his name was.
Mr. PRICE. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
main question ord-ered.
The first question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Spalding, to increase the annual pen-
sion from §200 to $500
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
mississippi railroad grant.
Mr. MAYNARD,, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to revive and continue in force
the provisions of an act granting public lands
in alternate sections in the State of Mississippi
to aid in the construction of railroads in said
State, and for other purposes, approved August
11, 1856; which was read a first'and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
memorials, etc., from kansas.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following memorials, &c., from the State of
Kansas:
A joint resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, asking for aid to the Union
Pacific railway, southern branch ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
A joint resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, praying for the passage of a
bill extending the benefit of the homestead
law to settlers on the land recently purchased
from the Osage Indians ; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed;
A joint resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, praying the passage of Senate
bill No. <189, giving the right of preemption to
settlers on the Cherokee neutral lands in Kan-
sas ; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
constitutional amendment.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Governor of West
Virginia, transmitting a copy of a joint reso-
lution adopted by the State Legislature ratify-
ing the amendment proposing a fourteenth
article to the Constitution of the United States ;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
oxpitol building for dakota.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Dakota, asking an appropriation
to erect a capitol building at the seat of govern-
ment in Dakota Territory; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and or-
dered to be printed.
pension laws.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a copy of resolutions adopted by the Soldiers'
and Sailors' Union, of Washington City, rela-
tive to the pension laws; which was referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
order op business.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the House now
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
House upon the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
a Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Farns-
worth in the chair,) and proceeded to the con-
sideration of bills and joint resolutions on the
Private Calendar as on " objection day."
The CHAIRMAN. There are two hills upon
the Private Calendar which were not reached
when the House was last in Committee of the
Whole on objection day, and which are subject
to the objection of one member only. The
Clerk will now report those bills.
•tames hooper.
A bill (H. R. No. 907) for the relief of James
Hooper, of Baltimore, Maryland.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to James
Hooper, of Baltimore, Maryland, the sum of
$16,000, to reimburse him for the destruction
and loss at sea of the bark General Berry,
while in the military service of the Govern-
ment, on the 9th of July, 1864.
No objection being made, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
e. j. curley.
Senate bill No. 443, for the relief of E. J.
Curley.
The bill was read at length. It requires the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay E. J. Curley
the sum of $34,248 52, as compensation in full
for corn purchased of him by Captain, E. B.
W. Reslieaux, assistant quartermaster on the
part of the Government.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the reading of
the report.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no report.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I object to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The remaining bills on
the Calendar, having been once objected to, will
be laid aside, to be reported to the House,
unless five members object.
john r. beckley.
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 174) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and pay
the claim of John R. Beckley.
The joint resolution, which was read, recites
in the preamble that divers horses, the prop-
erty of John R. Beckley, mail contractor on
mail routes No. 9634 and No. 9619, in the
State of Kentucky, were during the late war
captured by the rebel forces and guerrillas, and
lost to him while endeavoring to carry out his
contract with the United States.
The resolution directs the Secretary-ef the
Treasury to have the claim of Beckley audited,
and to pay him the amount which shall be
found due for the loss of property in carrying
the mail. The amount, however, is not to ex-
ceed $5,950, and it must appear that the prop-
erty was lost without any fault or negligence
on the part of Beckley.
The joint resolution was laid aside to be
reported to the House.
alexander f. pratt.
An act (S. No. 435) for the relief of Alex-
ander F. Pratt.
The bill, which was read, proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Alex-
ander F. Pratt $530 in full for pursuing and
capturing one Elijah K. Jauner, convicted of
counterfeiting United States coin.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
josiaii o. ar3ies.
An act (S. No. 16) for the relief of Josiah
O. Armes. [Objected to.]
sufferers by portland fire.
An act (S. No. 428) for the relief of the suf-
ferers by the late fire in Portland. [Objected
to.]
john t. jones.
An act (S. No. 122) for the relief of JohnT.
Jones, an Ottawa Indian, for depredations
committed by white persons upon his property
in Kansas Territory. [Objected to.]
donahue, ryan and secor.
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 141) for the
relief of Donahue, Ryan & Secor, builders of
the iron-clad monitor Camanehe. [Objected
to.]
henry s. davis.
An act (H. R. No. 820) for the relief of
Henry S. Davis.
The bill, which was read, appropriates
$5,720 04 for the relief of Henry S. JDavis,
which is to be in full of liis claim against the
United States for work done by him on the
west wing of the Patent Office building under
his contract of November 0, 1857.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
balmer and weber.
An act (H. R. No. 821) for the relief of
Balroer & Weber, of St. Louis, Missouri.
[Objected to.]
george w. lane.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the
relief of George W. Lane, superintendent of
the branch mint at Denver, Colorado, and
Assistant Treasurer of the United States.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to allow to Lane, in the settlement of his
