1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
757
The SPEAKER. It has not. It came from
the Senate to the House during the closing
days of the last session, and was referred to the
Committee of the Whole, instead of going to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SCO FIELD. When it went to the Com-
mittee of the Whole I raised no objection
because I supposed it had passed to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and had great confidence in
that committee. I think, as it has not been
before a committee, the friends of the bill
ought to consent that it go to the Committee
of Claims, and with their sanction of it I pre-
sume there will be no objection to its passage.
I will therefore support the motion to so re-
fer it.
Mr. DELANO. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee.
Mr. SLOAN. I should have no objection
to having the motion now pending prevail;
but from what I have heard of this claim I am
satisfied it is a just one, and as the amount is
small I think it had better be finally disposed
of now rather than have a reference of it to
the Committee of Claims. It has already
occupied the attention of Congress to a much
greater extent than the amount involved in it
in my opinion justifies. '
The facts of the case are simply these : the
prisoner, under sentence of the United States
court in the district of Wisconsin, was put in
jail in Waubeshaw county by the sheriff. The
prisoner escaped from the jail. The^ pursuit
was a very long one and involved considerable
expense. This bill is simply^ brought in for
the purpose of reimbursing this Mr. Pratt for
the expenses he incurred in making this pur-
suit, recapturing the prisoner, and bringing him
back.
I believe with my colleague on the other side
[Mr. Sloan] that the character, either moral
or political, of the claimant ought not to be
considered in the consideration of his claim.
When a man arrests a prisoner who has been
sentenced by a United States court and has
escaped he surely presents a proper ground
for being reimbursed by the Government for
the expense he incurred in the capture. And,
as my colleague has stated, the ground on
which the allowance was rejected by the dis-
trict judge was technical, and I think unten-
able.
Mr. DELANO. I now demand the previous
question.,
Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman to allow
me two minutes.
Mr. DELANO. I will do so.
Mr. COBB. My colleagues on both sides
seem to insist upon it that I have attacked
this claimant on account of his politics. Sir,
I said nothing about his politics. I disclaim
having said anything against the politics of
this man ; and 1 desire to say that while I
could say many things about him and not be
outside of the truth, I object to that line of
argument which has been suggested by my col-
league. I have never known a scheme to be
passed through Congress, or any other legisla-
tive body without somebody saying that im-
proper influences were brought to bear. This
bill has not been examined by any committee
of this House.
[Here the hammer fell, the gentleman's five
minutes having expired. ]
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
l. l. merry.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee of Ways .and
Means was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of L. L. Merry, for
relief from payment for stamps burglariously
taken; and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
report on internal revenue.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consentj sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, and under the law referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed six thousand
copies of the report of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; two thousand for the use of the House and
four thousand for the uso of the office of internal
revenue.
henry s. davis.
The next bill reported from the Committee
of the Whole House was the bill of the House
No. 820, for the relief of Henry S. Davis.
Mr. DELANO. I wish to say to the House
that this claim has never undergone an,exam-
ination by any committee of this House.
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
ml ALLISON. I move that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say that this
claim has been three times examined by the
Committee on Appropriations when it was re-
ferred to them; but it has always failed between
the House and the Senate for some reason or
other.
Mr. DELANO. I did not intend to inter-
pose any objection to the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported by
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Rice] from the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw my motion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RiCE, of Maine, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
george v. lane.
The next business reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole House was joint resolu-
tion of the House No. 211, for the relief of
George W. Lane, superintendent of the branch
mint at Denver, Colorado, and AssistantTreas-
urer of the United States.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter action was agreed to.
ambrose morrison.
The next business reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole was House bill No. CCG,
authorizing the Secretary of War to purchase
property for military purposes.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
, mrs. abby green.
The last business reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole was Senate joint resolution
No. 112, for the relief of Mrs. Abby Green.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. NIBLACK asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Kerr, for the
remainder of this week.
Mr. BERGEN asked and obtained leave of
absence for himself for a week.
speaker's table.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the House
now proceed to the consideration of business
upon the Speaker's table of a private character.
The motion was agreed to.
washington county horse railroad.
The first private business upon the Speaker's
table were Senate amendments to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill (S. R. No. 380)
to incorporate the Washington County Horse
Railroad Company in the District of Columbia.
The amendments of the Senate were merely
verbal, except the one to add to fourth amend-
ment of the House the following:
And Congress may at any time alter, amend, or
repeal this act.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
first congregational society.
The next business was the amendment of
the House to Senate bill No. 253, incorporat-
ing the First Congregational Society of the city
of Washington, to which the Senate disagreed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
insist upon its amendment, and ask a commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. WENTWORTH. What is the issue
between the two Houses in regard to this bill?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The Committee for the
District of Columbia of this House reported a
substitute for the Senate bill, which the House
adopted, but to "which the Senate disagree.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Well, what is the
question at issue between the two Houses?
Is i t a matter of church discipline ? [Laughter. ]
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is not. The House
substitute proposes some persons among the
corporators different from those which the Sen-
ate bill proposed. The Senate disagree to our
substitute, and I ask the House to insist upon
it, and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Is it all for the same
society and the same church?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is.
Mr. WENTWORTH. And the same ^
preacher?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is.
Mr. WENTWORTH. "One faith and one
baptism?"
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman is get-
ting into almost too deep water for me.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WENTWORTH. The two Houses have
disagreed about something. The chairman of
the Committee for the District of Columbia
tells us that both the bill and the substitute are
for the same church, the same society, the same
everything. Then, I ask, what is it that the
two Houses are differing about? Let that differ-
ence be pointed out; if it is merely a difference
in men that is one thing. I want to know why
the time of the two Houses should be taken
up by a disagreement when they are both in
favor of the same thing? I would ask the gen-
tleman if there are not other differences than
those in regard to men?
Mr. INGERSOLL. None whatever.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Is the treasurer m
both cases the same ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The bill does_ not pro-
vide for or name a treasurer; that is left to
the corporators. ,
Mr. WENTWORTH. I understand that the
Senate placed the name of General Howard
in the bill as one of the trustees, and the
House struck out the name of General Howard
and others and put m a new list.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that a motion to recede from the House
amendment will take priority of a motion to
insist; as a motion to bring the two Houses
together takes precedence of one to continue
a disagreement between the two Houses.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the House
recede from its amendment to the bill of the
Senate ; that will leave the name of General
Howard in the bill. . .
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes sixty-six; noes not counted.
So the House receded from its amendment.
