.758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
mrs. elizabeth r. smitii.
The next business on tlie Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 451) for the relief of Mrs. .
Elizabeth R. Smith 5 which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
HEIltS OF JOHN E. BOULIGNY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 438) for the relief of the
heirs of John E: Bouligny; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
mrs. mary e. finney.
The next business on the Speaker's table, was
the bill (S. No. 511) for the relief of Mrs. Mary
E. Finney, widow of First Lieutenant Solon
H. Finney, late of the sixth regiment Michi-
gan cavalry; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. PRICE. I hope this bill will be put on
its passage now.
Mr. ANCONA. I move that_ the bill _be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill, which was read, providesfor paying
to Mrs. Finney the three months' extra pay
proper which her husband would have been
entitled to receive had he been mustered out
of service after April 9, 1865, he having died
of wounds received in battle on that day.
Mr. SCHENCK. This case lias been brought
to my attention, and although it has not been
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
I have no doubt that committee would report
upon it favorably. I trust the bill will be
passed.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill and joint reso-
lution of the following titles, which were there-
upon signed by the Speaker :
An act (H. R. No. 755) amendatory of an
act to amend an act entitled "An act relating to
habeas corpus, and regulating judicial proceed-
ings in certain oases," approved May 11, 1866 ;
and Joint resolution (S. R. No. 156) to provide
for the removal of the wreck of the steamship
Scotland.
mrs. mary j. dixon.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 503) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary J. Dixon, of Alexandria, in the State of
Virginia, widow of the late Turner Dixon,
deceased ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
order of business to-morrow.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I understand
there are several gentlemen who desire to speak
upon some of the questions pending before
the House. I suppose it is not the intention
of the House to cut off all general debate on
these questions. It -has been suggested to me
that to-morrow ought to be set apart for debate
alone. I therefore ask that, by unanimous
consent, we may have an understanding that
to-morrow shall be appropriated for that pur-
pose.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I must object.
There are only forty days—practically only
about thirty—remaining of the session. I am
very anxious that gentlemen desiring to
deliver speeches shall have an opportunity to
do so, and I will vote for the holding of night
sessions for that purpose; but I cannot con-
sent that another day shall be spent in speech-
making alone.
Mr. NIBLACK. I beg leave to inquire
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] whether he designs to press his bill
to a voie before next week ?
Mr. STEVENS. I could not think it fair
to deprive gentlemen who have held the floor
for several days of the opportunity of speak-
ing ; and as the discussion, if resumed to-day,
would extend beyond four o'clock, I shall not
ask a vote to-day.
Mr. NIBLACK. Does the gentleman ask
for a yote to-day ?
Mr. STEVENS. Not to-day.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will he ask for a vote to-
morrow ?
Mr. STEVENS. I intend to ask the House
in some way to dispose of this matter to-
morrow.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If the gentleman
will yield to me, I will move that the House
take a recess at half past four o'clock to meet
at half past seven o'clock this evening for
debate only.
Mr. DELANO. I will yield for that mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
of any gentleman who desires to speak at the
evening session. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ross] who has the floor wishes to sub-
mit his remarks in the day session.
Mr. NIBLACK. I was requested to ask it
on the part of gentlemen who desire to speak
on the various questions before the House.
The SPEAKER. There are several gentle-
men who desire to speak on other questions
than the one now immediately pending before
the House, but the Chair is not aware that
they want to make their remarks in the even-
ing session.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. As it appears no
one wants to speak this evening I will with-
draw my motion for a recess.
Mr. COBB. If we are to have an evening
session I want the gentleman from Ohio to
preside as Speaker pro tempore. [Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. That would be perfectly
satisfactory to the Chair.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will agree to
that if the gentleman will consent to make an
hour's speech. [Laughter.]
claims of-the state of iowa.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the followingresolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho President be requested to com-
municate to this House what steps havg been taken
to carry into effect the act of Congress, approved July
23,1866, entitled "An act to provide for the appoint-
ment of a commissioner to examine and report on
certain .claims of the State of Iowa, including tlie
name of the commissioner, when appointed, and the
report, if any, which he has made under said act.
increase of pensions.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill increasing the pensions of
widows and orphans, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
general land office report.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a resolution that ten thousand copies
of the report of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office be printed for the use of the
House; which under the law was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
southern pacific railroad.
Mr. GRISWOLD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to expedite the construction
of the Southern Pacific railroad ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I voted for that at
the last session on condition that the road
should not ask for money.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
josiaii 0. akmes.
Mr. DELANO. I ask that by unanimous
consent the Committee of tho Whole on the
Private Galendar be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill (S. No. 16) for
the relief of Josiah 0. Arm.es;, and that_ the
same be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WINDOM. I object. I should be very
glad, however, to have the bill taken up now
and' acted on, either passed or rejected.
Mr. DELANO. 1 will agree to that.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar will be~discharged from the further
consideration of the bill, and it will be taken
up by the House to be disposed of finally at
the present time.
There was no objection.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Josiah 0. Armes
$9,500 in full for damages sustained by him in
consequence of the burning of his building and
the destruction of his property at Anandale,
Fairfax county, Virginia, by United States
troops.
Mr. DELANO. Read the report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota, [Mr. WindoMj] who has charge of the
bill proposes to explain it.
Mr. SPALDING. Why, more than five
members objected to that bill.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the
Whole was discharged from its further consid-
eration by unanimous consent.
Mr. SPALDING. I give notice I shall move
that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. DELANO. I simply desire to have
such an understanding of my rights in this
case as to know whether I may make a brief
explanation to the House or not? -
The SPEAKER. As the gentleman from
Ohio made the first suggestion he is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman may pro-
ceed now, and I will take the floor afterward.
I do not want more that five or ten minutes.
Mr. DELANO: Then I.yield to the {
Mr. WINDOM. This case is too well known
here to require any extended remarks from
me. I am well aware of the objections in the
mind of the gentleman from Ohio, f am also
aware of the resolution that was passed by this
body to govern the Committee of Claims with
reference to cases similar to this, and I know
the fear on the part of the chairman of that
committee that'if this bill bo. passed it will
open up so vast a number of this class of
claims that the Government will be unable to
pay them. I think this claim, however, may
be distinguished from those which will be pre-
sented hereafter. I think it may with pro-
priety be to-day made an exception. But
whatever may be the rule of the House here-
after in *regard to claims of this character it
seems to me the peculiar circumstances of this
claim call upon this House to act upon it favor-
ably at once.
This bill lias passed the House of Represent-
atives twice already ; once in theThirty-Seventh
and once in the Thirty-Eighth Congress. It
also passed the Senate in the Thirty-Eighth
Congress, and would have become a law, hav-
ing passed both branches, but from a mere
accident on the part of a clerk of the Senate.
And in order to substantiate what I say I will
read a few lines indorsed 011 the former bill by
the Clerk of the Senate.
" Office of the Senate of the Uniteo Status,
" March 10, 1805.
"I hereby certify that the above bill passed the two
Houses of Congress as above stated; but through
mistake in the hurry of the last moments of the ses-
sio.n, the Clerk, whose business it was, inadvertently
took tho engrossed copy of joint resolution (H. R.
No 161) to the House of Representatives instead of
the bill, (H. R. No. 1(51,) which alone caused the fail-
ure of this bill being passed thiough all the formal-
ities necessary to its becoming a law."
Simply a mistake on the part of the Clerk.
It has now passed the Senate a second time.
It has on two occasions received the sanction
of this House. I believe it passed the Senate
twice at tho last session, for a message was
