1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
sent to the House requesting it to be returned,
and on being returned it was reexamined there
and passed again, making three times there.
That, I think, makes this bill an exception,
and I cannot believe there is any danger to the
country if this House shall choose to do justice
to this most worthy claimant, who has rendered
service to the Government amounting to a
dozen times the value of his claim ; who at the
peril of his life has rendered it; whose house
lias been burned down almost within sight of
the Capitol—not many miles from where we
are now sitting—being destroyed by the order
of oui own generals. It does seem to me, when
both Houses have thus approved of this claim,
giving a little more than half the amount proved
to be due, this House should act upon it at
once and grant the relief.
I will, with the permission of the House, send
to the Clerk to be read the report of the Sen-
ate committee, which states the case more
briefly than I can. I will say, however, that
the House committee in the Thirty-Seventh
Congress made a report, of which this is almost
an exact copy. I happen to know something
about the ac'tion of the Committee of Claims
at that time for I made the report myself.
There has been no report upon the claim in
this Congress. It was not referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims because the House having
adopted a rule to govern that committee it was
known that it would be applied to this case no
matter how just the claim might be. I ask the
Clerk to read the Senate report.
The Clerk read as follows:
"At the breaking out of the present rebellion,
Josiah 0. Armcs, the claimant, was the owner and in
possession of a valuable house and out-buildings at
Anandalc, Fairfax county, Virginia. Tho house was
a valuable one, and all the testimony in the case
tends to show it to have been worth twelve or four-
teen thousand dollars. It was built of stone, three
stories hii;h, with a cupola on top, fourteen feet high,
with windows for lighting tho stairway beneath. The
house was octagonal in form, and about two hundred
feet in circumference. There were two verandas ex-
tending around it, well latticed and supported by
two tiers of columns. The roof the house was covered
with tin, and the cornice was largo and heavy. The
house contained thirty rooms, some of which were
large, including seven parlors. The building of tho
house was commenced in 1856 and completed in 1860,
and was intended for a female seminary. There were
in the house twenty-eight windows, and the rooms
were well ventilated. The wallswere fourteen inches
in thickness, and there were four firmly-built brick
chimneys. The foundation was good, and the wood-
work painted outside and in.
"The master-builder of the house testifies that
from his knowledge at the time it cost the said Armcs
810,000 There wore attached to it a servant's house,
a granary, barns, sheds, and carriage-house.
"The last of November, or the 1st of December,
18G1, this house and buildings were destroyed by
order of Colonel R. J. Beige, of the sixty-eighth regi-
gimcnt N ew York volunteers.
" Mr. Armes had been driven out from the house
before its destruction: and the country aboutitseems
to havebeen asort of debatableor skirmish ground—
sometimes held by Union troops, and sometimes by
the rebels. Mr. Armes was, and is, a thoroughly
loyai citizen. In the commencement of tho war he
was of scrvico to our troops in giving information of
the movement and situation of the rebels; and Gen-
eral lfeintaelman, in a letter submitted to the com-
mittee, acknowledges the valuable aid he afforded.
" At or about the time the property was destroyed by
order of Colonel Beige, the buildings seems to have
been used by tho rebel troops both as an observatory
of the movements of the Union troops and as a
stronghold fioin which they fired upon our men as
occasion offered. To p«prent its being longer so used
Colonel Beige ordered it. as a military necessity, to bo
destroyed. General Heintzelman, in a letter dated
January 18, 1851, says ho heard of tho matter at tho
time that the buildings wero burned by our troops,
and it was a military necessity. He also adds, that
' the mother' [meaning Mrs. Armes, the wife of the
claimant, and mother of a young mn,n then in our
Army] 'came in one dark night last summer to
give us information at the risk of her life.'
"The committee have not been able to obtain the
evidence of Colonel Bclgo, who ordered the property
to be destroyed, for tho reason that he has left tho
service, and his place of residence has not been
ascertained. There is, however, the testimony ot
several persons, officers in and members of his regi-
ment, who say that they heard Colonel Beige give
the order for the destruction of the property at tho
time it was burned.
"The House of Representatives have reported a
bill for the relief Mr. Armes, to the amountot &9,500;
and the committee are satisfied that the property was
of that value and more; that it was destroyed by tile
Union troops as a military necessity, under order of
their commander; they therefore recommend tho
passage of the House bill..
" Mr. Armes is an aged man; he is utterly impov-
erished by the destruction of this property; ho is
Eatriotio, having had a son in the Union Army, and
aving exerted himself to aid the Union cause in
various ways. His family were driven from their home,
and the wife, who risked her life to bring information
to our troops in the darkness of the night, is since
dead. The case appeals strongly to our sympathies,
but equally and more so to our sense of justice."
Mr. WINDOM. That is how I understand
the bill. I do not desire to discuss it further,
and I thank the gentleman for yielding to me.
Mr. DELANO. I simply want the House
to understand the facts of this ease, anfl then
they will do what they deem best. The House
will remember that at the commencement of
the last session of Congress it adopted a reso-
lution that, until otherwise ordered, the Com-
mittee of Claims be instructed to reject all
claims referred to them of citizens of States
lately in rebellion. That resolution is on record,
and it is needless to read it. Every member of
the House who will recur to what was then said
will recollect that it was deemed advisable for
the safety of the nation to refuse to entertain
claims for damages from the rebel States grow-
ing out of the destruction of property uuder
the necessities of war, or for property actually
taken and appropriated by the Army for its
support. Acting upon this principle, the Com-
mittee of Claims have steadily refused to allow
any claim for damages from the loyal States,
whose claims resulted from a state of war; in
other words, wo have refused to allow every-
thing denominated damages from the war com-
ing from the loyal States ; because we deemed
that it would be beyond the financial capacity
of the nation to undertake to pay for all the
damages to property that had been committed
under the exigencies and ravages of war.
Upon examination of the authorities wo
were satisfied that national law did not require
the nation to pay for this class of damages.
The resolution, however, went further and
provided that where the claim was for a citizen
of the rebel States, although it might be for
property taken and appropriated for the use
of the Army, it should not be-paid for, for
various reasons which it is needless to discuss
now. There is a reason manifest to every-
body, and that is that it would be impossible
to determine with any accuracy who was and
who was not loyal, and we were admonished,
as I can now admonish the House, that to open
that door would be to place the nation upon
tho very verge and border of a gulf in the way
of expense that may destroy it altogether.
Now, sir, this claim of Mr. Armes -is for
property destroyed under the necessities of
war, under the inevitable ravages of war ; and,
sir, according to the whole action of the House
during this Congress, this man's claim could
not be allowed if he resided in Pennsylvania,
New York, or Ohio. The case is clearly one
in which the property was destroyed as one of
tho necessities of war. That is not all. It is
just, patently and openly, one of those cases
from the rebellious States that needs no argu-
ment. It would be an insult to the House for
me to attempt to argue it. I ask, can it be
distinguished ? It is said that this bill has
once passed both branches of Congress and
only failed to become a law through some tech-
nical mistake of a clerk. What of that, I
ask the intelligence of this House ? What if
it did pass ? Is it any more meritorious be-
cause it failed to pass by accident? Perhaps
it was fortunate that it did so fail; but it did
not become a law; it got very near to the
door of the Presidential Mansion, where the
last action was necessary to make it a law, but
it did not receive the presidential sanction.
Mr. BLAINE. If this claimant had the
sanction of both branches of Congress, would
you, because of a blunder, and I should say a
culpable blunder, on the part of a clerk, de-
prive the claimant of that which Congress had,
so far as its action could go, granted to him?
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the member
from Maine [Mr. Bi.ake] if he expects those
of us who voted against this bill in the former
Congress to vote for it now?
Mr. BLAINE. They must determine that
for themselves.
Mr. SPALDING-. Certainly; wo must be
allowed to judge of that.
Mr. BLAINE. I am only saying what I
shall do.
Mr. DELANO. I do not stand here, either
as a member of this House or of the Committee
of Claims, to vote for or against any claim
because of the peculiarities or circumstances
which surround it. This House has adopted a
rule, which is or should be a law to its mem-
bers, which, declares that a claim situated as
this is shall not be paid.
Mr. BLAINE. Was not that rule passed
long after this claim had passed both Houses,
and failed to become a law by reason of an
accident merely?
Mr. DELANO. Agreed; at a former Con-
gress this claim came very near being passed
into a law, but it did not quite become a law;
and now because it once came so near being a
law members say that it should be made an
exception to this rule. If there is any logic
in that reasoning I have not brains enough to
comprehend it. The claim was defeated then,
no matter under what circumstances or by
what'means, it simply failed. Having failed,
it stands now on the same footing with all
other claims. It received no white-washing,
it got no infusion of merit, no element of jus-
tice or equity by the fact of coming so near to
being a law, that was not in it intrinsically and
by its own nature without the existence of that
fact. That fact gives it no power, no merit,
no equity, no anything.
Now, I understand very well that this claim
appeals to the sympathies of gentlemen who
have been approached by the claimant, Mr.
Armes. But He who knows my heart knows
that if, without establishing a rule that would
be injurious to the finances of the country, I
could vote to give this man §9,000,1 would do
it. But I am not here to do acts of charity
or of benevolence; nor is any other member
of this House here for that purpose. Each
member must settle these questions according
to his own judgment and his own conscience.
It is a question of our duty here as legislators,
and not a question of humanity to this man.
I know very well there is scarcely a member
of this House who has not seen this man; and—
there is no member who has a heart who has
not been touched by his condition and by his
ciicumstances. I have felt them myself.
But I am not here to be actuated by any
feeling of this kind. It is a simple, plain,
straight-forward question, whether the rule we
adopted as necessary to the. finances of the
nation shall stand or whether it shall be over-
turned and destroyed. I know how these cases
are used as examples, and how the example is
carried much further than it really ought to be; •
and I tell gentlemen that if this claim be passed
the flood-gates will be hoisted and the rushing
tide of claims will pour in and overwhelm you
before you are well aware of the danger. See
even now how these precedents are used. My
open-hearted friend from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
can see now, in the very fact that this claim
came very near being a law in a former Con-
gress before the rule I have referred to was
adopted, a reason why this claim should now
override that which we solemnly prescribed as
a law to ourselves. I mention this to demon-
strate to this House the danger of setting pre-
cedents of this character.
I have said more to the House perhaps than
I ought to have said. But I pray the House
to enter upon this ease with a consciousness
of what it will lead to, and not allow them-
selves to bo actuated by feelings of benevolence
to establish a rule that will be so dangerous to
the country.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Willthegentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Delaxo] yield to me for a few
moments?
Mr. DELANO. Certainly.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. As a member of the
Committee of Claims of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress I examined this claim of Mr._ Armes; I
was satisfied of its merits and voted tor it. Ihe
claim passed this House and went to the Sen-
