1887.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
the other day it took two pages to carry up to
the Speaker's table his adverse reports on
these cases. [Laughter.]
Mr. DELANO. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Will the
gentleman allow me a word further ?
Mr. DELANO. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Mr.
Speaker, it is the furthest from my wish to in-
terpose any objection to the payment of this
claim to thia old gentleman. Only put it on
the ground of charity and I will not object to it
at all. I will open my own hand in charity to
any man that has suffered, as much as he has
at any time and at all times. What I object to
is the precedent, the baleful precedent, that will
be introduced into this Congress for the allow-
ance of claims to the amountof more than five
hundred million dollars before the conclusion
of this session. I trust there is no well-read
lawyer in this House who has so far forgotten
the principle of law as not to understand that
where property was destroyed by the Union
army in endeavoring to save the life of the
Republic it stands on the ground of unavoid-
able accident, the act of God, or of the king's
enemy. That principle is spread over every
common law that any lawyer in this House
has ever read. There is no question about it
at all.
Mr. DELANO. I \ield a moment to the
chairman oftlie Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MORRILL. I know that my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] never flinches
from the logic of his position. My own idea
is, that to undertake to carry out the principle
which he has announced would involve the
Government in an expenditure of at least
$1,000,000,000. Now, I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Claims what his
estimate would be of the amount involved pro-
vided the gentleman from Pennsylvania is cor-
rect in his position, which I do not think he is.
Mr. DELANO. I must say that it is impos-
sible for me to approximate with any certainty
to the amount that the Government would
assume under the interpretation of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania ; but I think the Com-
mittee of Claims will agree with me that
$1,000,000,000 would not cover it, and I have
no idea that §2,000,000,000 would do it. Be-
cause the proposition, if I understand it, places
the Government under the obligation of paying
for all the destruction of property and for all
the appropriation of property everywhere.
Why, sir, there are millions in Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that he entirely misunderstood what
I said. I spoke of property belonging to tlic
United States destroyed by military necessity
by order of the commander of our Army. Prop-
erly which b.elonged to the enemy nobody ever
thought of paying for, nor property destroyed
by the enemy did anybody ever think of pay-
ing for. Why, sir, I venture to say that half
of $500,000,000 would pay it all. But if it
takes a little more, rather than deliberately
cheat the people out erf it I would steal the
money to pay it. [Laughter.]
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, how much
more time have I ?
The SPEAKER Ten minutes.
Mr. DELANO. Then I will only ask the
House, in conclusion as jurors, to bear in mind
that, what they do now is settling a principle.
I have stated the case to the House. I know
what the humanheartisinacaselikethis, andl
have endeavored so to present it to the House
that it can decide intelligently.
I assure the House that I understand the
gentleman correctly in reference to his rule
for paying damages for the war, and I assure
hitn, moreover, that that rule will not, in my
opinion, be made available to involve the Gov-
ernment in a cost of less than 82,000,000,000.
Mr. KASSON. I will ask the gentleman a
single question for information. A bill was
reported to the House to-day, and was passed
upon the gentleman's recommendation, appro-
priating money to pay for some property in
Nashville, Tennessee, destroyed by the mili-
tary. If there was any difference between
that case and this I would be glad to know it.
Mr. DELANO. There was no such bill as
that passed to-day; there was a bill passed
which authorized the Secretary of War, if he
deemed it necessary, to purchase the remains
of certain property.
Mr. KASSON. I refer to a bill to pay for
certain property destroyed by the United
States troops.
Mr. DELANO. I know exactly what the
gentleman refers to; and now I demand the
previous question on the hill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time.
The question being upon its passage,
Mr. ROLLINS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 27, not YOting
65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Brandegee, Broomall, Campbell, Cobb,
Cook, Cooper, Cnllora, Darling, Dawes, Defrees, l)em-
ing, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridge, Eliot, Far-
quhar, Ferry, Finck,Urinnell, Aaron Harding, Haw-
kins, Hayes, Iligby, Hill, Hogan.IIooptfr, Hotclikiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas llubbard. Edwin N.
Hubbell, Hulburd, Hunter, Johnson, Julian, Kas-
son.Kelley. Kelso. Koontz, Kuykondoll, Latlin, La-
tham, lie Blond, Lcftwieh, Longyear, Lynch, Mar-
shall, Marvin, McRuer, Morcar, Miller, Moorhead,
Myers, Niblaok, Nicholson, Paine, Perham, Pike,
Plants, Pomeroy, Price, William II. Randall, Alex-
ander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Rogers, Ross, Sliank-
Hn, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves. Starr, Stevens, Stokes,
Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G.Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, V an Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Warner, William B., Washburn,
Whaley, Stephen F. Wilson, Winfield, and Wood-
bridge—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Bergen, BoutwelhBroimyell, Delano, Hale, Abner C.
Harding, John II. Hubbard, Humphrey. Jenckes,
Kotcha.ro, George V. Lawrence, Loan, McKce, Mor-
rill, Orth, Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield, Sloan, Spalding,
Nelson Taylor, Hamilton Ward, Wentvvorth, and
James F. Wilson—27.
NOT VOTING.—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Ames, Ar-
nell, Benjamin, Blow. Boycr, Buckland, Bundy,
Chanler, Reader AV. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Conk-
ling, Culycr, Davis, Dawson,Denison, Dixon, Dodge.
Damont, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Gariield, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Griswold, Harris, Hart, Hender-
son, IIi«e, Holmes, Asaliel W. llubbard, James R.
Hubbell, Ingersoll, Jones, Kerr, William Lawrence,
Marston, Maynard. MeClure, McCnllough, Mclndoo,
Morris, Moutton, Newell, Noell, O'Neill, Patterson.
Phelps, Radford. Samuel J. Randall. Raymond, Rit-
ter, Rousseau, Schenck, Stilwell, Thayer. John L.
Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward,
Elihu B. Wnshburne, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
Williams, Windom, and Wright—%5.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the following resolution:
Reiolvcd. That there beprintedsix thousand copies
of the report of the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, two thousand for the use of the House, and four
thousand for the use of the office of internal revenue.
The resolution was agreed to.
SURVEY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted tire following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
liesoloed. That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, requested to furnish to the House a copy of
the report and estimates of General Wilson in ref-
erence. to the survey and improvement of the rapids
of the Mississippi river, known as the Des Moines
and Rock Island rapids.
And then, on morion of Mr. SPALDING,
(at twenty minutes before five o'clock p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions. &<•„ were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ANCONA: The memorial of Captain John
Kennedy, late of the one hundred and twenty-eighth
and two" hundred and thirteenth Pennsylvania vol-
unteers, asking for an extension o,f the act authoriz-
ing the payment of throe months' pay proper.
By Mr. BARKER: A petition from SO citizens of
Elensburg, Pennsylvania, praying that Congress will
refrain from passing any act authorising the curtail-
ment of the national currency, or having in view the
return within a limited time to specie payments.
Also, a petition from 28 citizens of Altoona. Penn-
sylvania, praying that Congress will refrain from the
passage of any act authorizing the curtailment of
the national currency, or having in view the return
within a limited time to specie payments.
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition ol'cigar manu-
facturers of Champaign county, Illinois, praying for
a chango in the law imposing tax on cigars.
Also, a petition from the citizens of Charleston,
Illinois, praying Congress to pass no law reducing
the volume of the currency, or compelling national
banks to redeem their notes in New York.
By Mr. CHANLER: The petition of Julius Kriiger,
and others, citizens of the city of New York for a
specific tax of not more than five dollars per thou-
sand on all domesticcigars, and for guards and checks
against fraud and counterleits of revenue stamps.
By Mr. CIIAVES: The petition and papers in the
case of L. 15. Maxwell.
By Mr. DODGE: The petition of the fire insurance
companies of the city of New York, for relief from
tax imposed by the seventy-seventh section of tho
internal revenue law.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of Thomas Jackson,
0. J. Foot, and 33 others, citizens of Lake Superior,
Michigan, praying Congress for a grant of land to
aid in the construction of a mineral range railroad.
Also, resolution of the Board of Trade, Detroit.
Michigan, recommending an appropriation by Con-
£ress to aid in improving the harbor at Ontonagon,
oke Superior, Michigan.
By Mr. DIJMONT: The petition of D. Yanues, jr.,
John Fishback, and others, tanners of Indianapolis,
Indiana, praying for a reduction of the revenue tax
on leather.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The memorial of the Louis-
ville and Portland Canal Company, and of the
Chamber of Commerce of Cincinnati, in favor of the
enlargement of the Louisville and Portland canal.
Also, the petition of Amos Shinkle, president of
the Covington Gas-Light Company, praying that the
tax on gas maycontinue to becharged to consumers.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Strabo Clark, and
others, salt manufacturers of Barnstable, Massachu-
setts, praying lor relief and for amendment of the
revenue act of July, 28, 1866.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of Hugh
McLochlin, of Chicago, for an American register to
the vessel Prince of Wales.
Also, of Daniel Henderson, of Chicago, for an
American register to tho bark Mary Jane.
Also, of Thomas Flitt, ol' Chicago, lor an Ameri-
can register.
By Mr. HOGAN: The petition of the fire insurance
companies of St. Louis, for relief from certain taxes.
Bv Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The petition
of P. M, Holmes, and others, of Boston, Massachu-
setts, forrerincfion of tax on furniture.
By Mr, II0TC1IKISS: The petition of citizens of
Lansing, Tompkins county, New York, in favor of
tariff on wool, &o.
Also, the petition of cigar manufacturers of Ithaca,
Now York, for a modification of tax, <kc.
By Mr. JENCKES: The petition of tho fire insur-
ance companies of Providence, Rhode Island, for
relief from the tax imposed by the seventy-seventh
section of the internal revenue law.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of S. D. Williams.
Sylvester West, 1). F. Scott, and others, citizens of
Saratoga county, New York, praying for the passage
of the House tariff bill of the last session, now pend-
ing in the Senate.
By Mr. ME11CUR: The petition of numerous citi-
zens of Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, asking that a
pension may^be granted to Mary Hosea, widow of
James IIoseaT
By Mr. MILLEll: The petition of 250 soldiers and
widows of the war of 1812 with Great Britain, from
different States, with their respective ages, praying
for tho pass;icre of a law granting them a pension.
By Mr. PAINE: A memorial of ship-builders and
owners of the State of Wisconsin, prating that Con-
gress will not hereafter permit American registers to
be £rra?ited to foreiirn vessels, _ ^
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of William Dun-
ham, for increase of pension.
By Mr. SCIIENOK: Three petitions of the mer-
chants, business firms, property-holders, and others,
citizens of Washington, praying the removal of the
railroad depotnuisancc from aiound the Capitol and
the openinff of the streets and avenues communicat-
ing therewith.
Also, the memorial of Robert A. Constable, late
an officer of the scvemy-tifth Ohio volunteers, for
relief.
Also, the memorial of tanners and manufacturers
of Icather.for a reduction or entire abrogation of tho
internal revenue tax on leather.
By Mr. STOKES : Papers in the case of John B.
Cothran, of Smith county, Tennessee, applying for
pension.
By Mr. TAYLOR. of^SfewYork: The petition of
Captain Daniel MeMahon. for pension from date of
his discharge from the military service.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of William Dough-
erty, and f>3 others, and the petition ot L. Collins,
and 51 others, all citizens of Benien county, Michi-
gan, praying Congress to take necessary measures
for the impeachment of Andrew Johnson, President
of the United States.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The petition
of 47 citizens of the town of Alabama, vrcnesseo
county. New York, asking for tho passage of the bill
for incrcaSe tff titrilf on woUk
