1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
duty it is to remain upon the reservations with the
tribes and look aftor their affairs; that as their hunt-
ing grounds are taken away the reservation system,
which is the only alternative to their extermination,
must be adopted. When the Indians are once loca-
ted upon them farmers, teachers, and missionaries
become essential to any attempt at civilization,
are absolutely necessary to take the first(step to-
ward changing the wild hunter into a cultivator of
the soil, to change the savage into a civilized man.
The movement of troops from post to post is, of ne-
cessity, sudden and frequent, and, therefore, the offi-
cers of the Army, however competent, eannot take
charge of the affairs and interests of the Indians
upon reservations any longer than military force is
required to compel thelndians to remain upon them,
as in the case of the Navajoes in New Mcxico, and
during that time even proper and competent persons
acting as agents, farmers, teachers, and missionaries,
devoting their whole time to these occupations, can
serve that purpose much better than officers of the
Army.
While it is true many agents, teachers, and em-
ployes of the Government are inefficient, faithless,
and even guilty of peculations and fraudulent prac-
tices upon the Government and upon the Indians, it
is equally true that military posts among tho Indians
have frequently become ccnters of demoralization
and destruction to the Indian tribes, while the blun-
ders and want of discretion of inexperienced officers
in command have brought on long and expensive
wars, the cost of which, being included in the ex-
penditures of the A*my, are never seen and realized
by the people of the country.
Since we acquired New Mexico the military ex-
penditures connected with Indian affairs have prob-
ably exceeded $4,000,000 annually in that Territory
alone. When General Sumner was in command of
that department he recommended the purchase of
all the private property of citizens, and the surrender
of that whole Territory to the Indians, and upon tho
score of economy it would doubtless have been a
great saving to the Government.
But that policy was not pursued, and there as well
as elsewhere the reservation system has been adopted.
That it has and will cost the Government large sums
of money is undoubtedly true, but in the end far
less than tho maintenance of forces sufficient to keep
the peace and suffer the Indians to range at will over
the Territory. When once adopted, however, the
same necessity for agents, teachers, farmers and mis-
sionaries arises, both upon the score of humanity and
economy—both to civilize the Indian and to teach
him to raise his subsistence from the soil. The Army
and the officers of the Army are not by their habits
and profession well adapted to this work.
Another strong reason for retaining the Indian
Bureau m the Department of the Interior is, that
the making of treaties and tho disposition of the
lands and funds of the Indians is of necessity inti-
mately connected with our public land system, and,
with all its. important land questions, would seem to
fall naturally under the jurisdiction of the Interior
Department.
The inconveniences arising from the occasional
conflicts and jealousies between officers appointed
under the Interior and War Departments are not
without some benefits also; to some extentthey serve
as a check upon each other; neither are slow^to point
to the mistakes and abuses of the other. It is there-
lore proper that they should be independent of each
other, receive their appointments from and report to
diilerent heads of Departments. Wcighingthis mat-
ter and all the arguments for and against the pro-
posed change, your committee are unanimously of
the opinion that the Indian Bureau should remain
where it is.
In our Indian system beyond all doubt there are
evils, growing out of tho nature of the case itself,
which can never be remedied until tho Indian race
is civilized or shall entirely disappear.
The committee are satisfied that these evils are
sometimes greatly aggravated, not so much by the
system adopted by the Government in dealing with
the Indian tribes as by the abuses of that system.
As the best means of correcting those abuses and
ameliorating those evils the committee recommend
the subdivision of the Territories and States wherein
the Indian tribes remain into five inspection districts,
and the appointment of five boards of inspection;
and they earnestly rceommend the passage of Senate
bill No.l88.nowpendingbeforethoHouse. That bill
was unanimously recommended by the joint special
committee, andalso recommended by thecommittees
of both Houses upon Indian Affairs. It is the most
certainly efficient mode of preventing these abuses
which they have been able to devise.
The following are the four important sections of
the bill as recommended by the committee:
Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United State's of America in Con-
gress assembled, That there be, and is hereby, created
five boards of inspection of Indian affairs, each to
consist of one assistant commissioner of Indian
affairs, to be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, who shall
hold his office for the term of four years, unless sooner
removed by tho President: one to consistof an officer
of the regular Army, who may be annually detailed
by the Secretary of War for that purpose, and one to
consist of a visitor, to be selected by the President
from among such persons as may be recommended by
the annual meetings or conventions of the religious
societies or denominations of the United States as
suitable persons to act upon said boards; or, in case
of their failure to make such recommendation, from
among such persons as he shall deem proper. Each
of said assistant commissioners shall receive a salary
of $3,000 per annum, besides necessary traveling ex-
penses i. and each of said visitors shall receive a salary
of 82,000 per annum, besides necessary traveling ex-
penses.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be established five inspection districts of Indian
affairs, as follows: one to embrace the States of Cali-
fornia and .Nevada and the Territory of Arizona; one
to embrace the State of Oregon and the Territories
of Washington and Idaho ; one to embrace the Ter-
ritories of Colorado, Utah, and New Mexico; one to
embrace the State of Kansas, the Indian Territory,
Nebraska, and Southern Dakota; and one to embrace
the State of Minnesota and that part of the Territory
of Dakota north of Nebraska, and the Territory of
Montana: Provided, however, That the Secretary of
the Interior, under the direction of the President,
may from time to time change the boundaries of said
Indian inspection districts.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted. That it shall be
the duty of said boards of inspection, so far as it is
practicable, to visit all the Indian tribes within their
respective districts at least once in each year; to ex-
amine into their condition; tohoar their complaints;
to preserve peace and amity; to ascertain whether all
the stipulations of treaties on the part of the United
States are kept; to examine into the books, accounts,
and manner of doing business of tho superintendents
and agents within their respective districts; to mako
diligent inquiry into the conduct of the officers and
employ6s of the Indian department, and into the
conduct of the military forces toward the Indians,
with power to summon witnesses, and, by the aid of
the military, who are hereby directed to aid them, to
compel their attendance; each member of said board
being hereby authorized to administer oaths; and
said board shall be authorized to suspend for cause
any officer or employe of the Indian department in
their respective districts, and to remove them from
office, subject to the approval of the President. And
said board shall report annually, or as olten as may
be required, to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs;
and in all cases of suspension or removal from office
by said board of any officer or employ6 of tho Indian
department, said boaid shall make immediate report
thereon in writing, stating the cause thereof, for the
action of tho President.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all superin-
tendents of Indian affaiis, all Indian agents, and the
assistant commissioners to bo appointed under this
act, in addition to the powers now conferred by law,
shall also possess all tho powers and perform all the
duties now conferred by law upon circuit court com-
missioners, orcourtcommissionersinall cases or mat-
ters wherein any Indian tribe or any member of a«y
Indian tribe shall be concerned or bo a party; and
that in all matters or proceedings wherein any Indian
tribe or member of an Indian tribe shall be concerned
or a party the testimony of Indian witnesses shall he
received in all courts and before all officers of the
United States.
The purpose of the bill is to provide boards of high
character, and to organize them in such a manner
and to clothe them with such powers as to superviso
and inspect the whole administration of Indian affairs
in its threefold character—civil, military, and edu-
cational.
To the position of chic: of this board there should
be appointed an assistant commissioner, with a sal-
ary sufficient to command the services of a man of
character and great ability, whose whole time is to be
devoted to this important work.
One of the board is to be an officer of the regular
Army, to be assigned by the Secretary of War; (it is
believed that he would be an officer of high standing
in the Army;) and a third is to be selected from
among those persons who maybe named by the great
religious conventions or bodies of the United States.
It is impossible to believe that these great bodies
could name any other than a man of high character
and great ability. Such a board not organized upon
political grounds at all, and possessing, as they will,
tho important powers conferred in the third section
of this bill, will, in the judgment of the committee, do
more to secure the faithful administration of Indian
affairs than any other measure which has been
suggested.
The assistant commissioner will report to the Sec-
retary of the Interior; the officer of the Army to tho
Secretary of War; and the third will report not only
to the Government, but to that religious body which
may have recommended his appointment. Thus the
treatment of the Indians by the civil authorities, by
the military authorities, and by their teachers and
missionaries will be subject to constant inspection
and supervision.
It is urged that the expenses of these boards will
be considerable; but in comparison with the greater
economy and efficiency their supervision would se-
cure, that expense will be comparatively trifling.
Such boards, charged with the duty, among other
things, to preserve amity, will doubtless sometimes
save the Government from unnecessary and expen-
sive Indian wars.
As an instance bearing upon this point, when that
portion of the committee who were charged with the
duty of inquiring into the condition of Indian affairs
in Kansas, New Mexico, and Colorado, arrived at
Fort Larned, they found that the officer there in com-
mand had just issued an order to his troops to cross
the Arkansas, going south into an Indian territory,
•where not a single white man lived, to make war
upon the Camanches, a most powerful tribe, which
roams over all thatregion from the Arkansas to Mex-
ico. Youe. committee felt that such an expedition
would of necessity bring on a long war with that
tribe; that it was wholly unnecessary, and they took
tho responsibility of advising General MeCook, a
member of the staff of General Pope, who accompa-
nicd them, to countermand that order until he could
communicate with General Pope a£T St. Louis. The
order was countermanded; the troopsthen m motion
were recalled; and thus by the mere presence and
advice of the committee a war was avoided with tho
Camanches, which, had it onco begun, would not
have been prosecuted to a. successful termination
without an expenditure of $20,000,000.
Your committee took the testimony, among others,
of Colonel Jj'ord, then in command at Port Larned,
upon this subjcct. Ho says, speaking of the Oamarir-
ckes: " Prom the best information I can get, there
are about seven thousand warriors well mounted,
some on fleet Texan horses. On horseback they are
the finest skirmishers I eversaw. Howlargfe aiorc«,
mounted and infantry, would be required to defend
the Santa Pe road and wage a successful war against
tho Indians south of the Arkansas? It would require
at least ten thousand men—four thousand constantly
in the field, well mounted; the line of defense to ex-
tend from Port Lyon to Port Kiley, and south about
three hundred miles. All supplies would have to
come from the States. Contract price for corn deliv-
ered at this point was $5 2(3 per bushel." With corn
at this enormous price, and hay and wood and all
suppliesinproportion,theexpcnseof such an Indian
war is beyond belief. By many itwas estimated that
such a war would have required at least ten thousand
men, and a war of two or three years' duration, to
make it successful, with an expenditure of more than
thirty million dollars.
It is believed that such boards of inspection, thus
organized and composed of the men who should be
appointed to fill them, could save the country from
many useless wars with the Indians, and secure in all
branches of the Indian servico greater efficiency and
fidelity. If such boards should cost the Government
$150,000 annually, and should avert but one Indian
war in ton years, still, upon the score of economy
alone, the Government would be repaid five hundred
per cent.
The appendix has already been published,
and th<£ report as soon as published will be
placed upon the desks of Senators with the
appendix.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Doe^ the
Senator ask for the printing of the report?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir. Anorderhas
already been entered that the report be printed,
and the same number of extra copies as were
ordei*ed to be printed of the appendix.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The same
order will be entered if there be no objection.
AMENDMENT OF INTERNAL REVENUE LAW.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 244) to amend
existing laws relating to internal revenue, to
report it back without amendment, and to ask
that it be considered and passed. I do not
think there can be any objection to it. It is
regarded as very important by the revenue
department, as we are losing thousands of
dollars every day on account of a practice that
has prevailed and which this resolution will
correct. It is very short, and I can explain it
if any explanation is necessary.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of tho Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It proposes to ex-
empt from tax alcohol made or manufactured
of distilled spirits upon which the taxes im-
posed by law shall have been paid, and burn-
ing fluid made or manufactured from alcohol
or spirits of turpentine, or camphene, upon
which the taxes imposed by law shall have
been paid; and to repeal so much of section
ninety-six of the act of June 80, 18G4, as re-
lates to alcohol and burning fluid, and all prod-
ucts of distillation, by whatever name known,
which contain distilled spirits or alcohol on
which the tax ipaposed by law has not been
paid, are to be considered and taxed as distilled
spirits. It also proposes to amend paragraph
nineteen of section seventy-nine of the act of
June 30, 1864, as amended by the act of July
13, 1806, entitled "An act to reduce internal
taxation, and to amend an act entitled 1 An act
to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay the interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes,' approved June
30, 18G4, and acts amendatory thereof," by
striking out the words u and distillers of burn-
ing fluid and camphene."
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the "third time, and passed.
REPORT OK A COMMITTEE.
Mr. ELOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 457) for
the relief of Hiram Paulding, rear admiral
United States Navy, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions j which was agreed to.
