764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mf. LANE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 540) to amend an act entitled " An act to
restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
and to provide for the payment of certain de-
mands tor quartermaster's stores and subsist-
ence supplies furnished to the Army of the
United States," approved July 4, 1864; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
541) to regulate the care and supervision of the
Capitol and Capitol grounds, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 542) for the relief of the North
Missouri Railroad Company of Missouri, by
allowing a credit on duties to be paid on im-
ported railroad iron; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
E'inance.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by ufianimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 543) to abolish and forever prohibit the
system of peonage in the Territory of New
Mexico and other parts of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 544) to amend an act entitled "An act to
incorporate the Newsboys' Home," and also
for the relief of abandoned children in, the
District of Columbia ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No; 545) for the relief of John P. Stewart;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. WILSON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 540) to increase and equalize the
pay of officers in the Army of the United States,
and for other purposes ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a till (S.
No. 547) to amend an act entitled "An act to
extend the time for the reversion to the United
States of the lands granted by Congress to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Amboy
by Hillsdale and Lansing to some point on or
near Traverse bay, in the State of Michigan,
and for other purposes;" which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
CAPTURE OF JEFFERSON DAVIS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed
to furnish for the use of the Senate the report of
Major General J. M. Wilson on the capture of Jeffer-
son Davis.
BALTIMORE AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 888.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of "the bill (H. R. No. 388) to
authorize the extension, construction, and use
of a lateral branch of the Baltimore and Poto-
mac railroad into and within the District of
Columbia
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Ought that bill to be
considered in the absence df tike Maryland
Senators? Neither of them is in his seat. It
is a bill of some importance.
Mr. WADE. I believe both those Senators
have been here this morning, if they are not
here now. I do not know that they take any
interest in it. I told one of the Senators from
Maryland that I should call it up this-morning.
He was here then. I do not-suppose ho takes
any interest.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know whether
they do or not; but it is a question of some
importance, and I think it had better be post-
poned until they are here.
Mr. WADE. It has been postponed one
week because one of them was absent. They
have been here to-day. I do not think they
take much interest in it. I spoke to the Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr. CresVell] for whose
accommodation it was postponed before and
he said he had no objection to my calling it
up at any time.
The PRESIDENT^iro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate concur in the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole ?
The amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
COMPENSATION OF CIVIL EMPLOYES.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 224.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the' Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 224)
giving additional compensation to certain em-
ployes in the civil service of the Government
at Washington.
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Finance report an amendment to the
joint resolution, which is to strike out all after
the enacting clause and to insert a substitute.
The substitute only will be read unless some
Senator asks for the reading of the original
resolution.
The Secretary read the substitute, as follows:
That there shall be allowed and paid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to the following described persons employed in the
civil service at Washington, namely: to clerks,
messengers, watchmen, and laborers, and all thecivil
employes whose salaries are fixed by law and do not
exceed the sum of SB,500 each per annum, and includ-
ing temporary clerks, female clerks, employes in the
Department of State, in the Treasury, War, Navy,
Interior, Post Office, and Agricultural Departments;
in the offices of the Attorney General, Coast Survey,
Naval Observatory, navy yard, Paymaster General,
including the division of referred claims, Commissary
General of Prisoners; in the Bureau of Refugees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands; in the office of
the Capitol extension; in the city post office: to all
enlisted men of the Army, Navy, Marine corps, or
general service of the United States, serving as clerks,
messengers, watchmen, or laborers in any bureau of
the War Department; to all female clerks or em-
ploys in either of the Departments, including the
Agricultural Department, or in any bureau or division
thereof, whose compensation does not exceed sixty
dollars per month; to the superintendent of meters,
lamp-lighters, and draw-keepers employed under the
direction of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
and one clerk in the office of said Commissioner, and
to tho detcctivesof the Metropolitan police, an addi-
tional compensation of twenty per cent, on their
respective salaries or pay from one year from and
after the 30th day of June, 18(56: Provided, That the
above-named additional compensation to the em-
ployes of the Patent Office be paid out of the fandsof
said office: And provided further, Thatthisresolution
shall apply only to such persons as may be in service
at the time of the passage thereof: And provided
further. That this resolution "shall not be so con-
strued as to give any greater amount as additional
compensation than an increase of twenty per cent,
on the salary or pay for the time of actual service
during the period hereinbefore specified.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
amendment in the sixteenth and seventeenth
lines by striking out the words "in the city
post office" and inserting the words " and
also."
Mr. MORRILL. I should like "to ask the
mover of this amendment on what ground it is
made.
Mr, WILLIAMS. I have inserted them in
another place.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I do not object if
they are provided for in another place.
Mr. WILLIAMS* I intend to ma/ke that
motion. You will see that provision is made
for them according to the suggestion of the
city postmaster.
Mr. MORRILL. Still I suppose it was
proper to make the inquiry before the question
was taken.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is the inquiry ?
Mr. MOSRILL. The inquiry was as to the
reason for striking this out.
Mr, WILLIAMS. The city postmaster came
to me this morning and told me that the clerks
in the city post office were not salaried officers,
and he desired to have them embraced in that
part of the resolution that provides for persons
who do.not receive salaries ; and according to
that suggestion I have moved to strike out the
words "in the city post office'' in the sixteenth
and seventeenth lines, and I shall move to in-
sert the same words or equivalent words in a
subsequent part of the resolution.
Mr. MORRILL. That is satisfactory, of
course.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to. « p
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to offer some
additional amendments to the amendment. I
move to amend in the twentieth line, after the
word "Department," by inserting the words
"and also ;" and in the same line I move to
strike out the words "clerks or" before the
word " employesso that the clause will read:
And also to all female employes ia either of the
Departments, &e.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to insert in the
twenty-third line, after the words "per month,''
the words "and also to clerks and employes in
the city post office, and."
Mr. MORRILL. I inquire if it is in order
to amend that amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is an
amendment to an amendment, and a motion to
amend in the third degree is not admissible.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will it be in order to
include other post offices?
Mr. MORRILL. That is just what I inquired.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If so, I thought of in-
cluding the Indianapolis post office.
Mr.. MORRILL. Oh, no; that is not in
order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is an ordinary post
office, and of course if we are to provide for
the post office here we ought to .provide for
others where living is equally expensive.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move further to amend
the amendment in the twenty-sixth and twenty-
seventh lines by striking out the words "and
to the detectives of the Metropolitan police."
I do this at the instance of members of the
Metropolitan police.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion upon the amendment to the amendment
last offered is not yet disposed of.
Mr. GRIMES. What is that question?
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, to insert in the twenty-third line
the words "and also to clerks and employes
of the city post office, and."
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is not that amendable
by adding other post offices?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not at this
stage. This is,, an amendment to an amend-
ment, and an amendment in the third degree
is not admissible ; but such an amendment will
be in order to the amendment of the commit-
tee subsequently.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know whether
we ought to go into the general system of in-
creasing the pay of the employes of post
offices ; I am not sufficiently informed on the
subject; but if the clerks in one post office are
provided for at twenty per cent, additional
increase, it should be extended to the other
cities where it is fully as expensive to live as it
is in this city. These are mere, post, office
clerks, and the same reasons wilj. apply to
other cases.
The question being put on the amendment
