THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THIRTY-NINTH CONGRESS.
SECOND SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 3, 1866.
The Senate commenced the second session
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress this day, pursu-
ant to the Constitution.
senators present. - .
The following Senators were present. From
the State of
Maine—Hon. "William Pitt Fessenden and
Hon. Lot M. Morrill.
New Hampshire—Hon. Aaron H. Cragin.
Massachusetts—Hon. Charles Sumner and
Hon. Henry Wilson.
Rhode Island—Hon. Henry B. Anthony.
Connecticut—Hon. La Fayette S. Foster and
Hon. James Dixon.
New York — Hon. Ira Harris and Hon.
Edwin D. Morgan.
Delaware—Hon. Willard Saulsbury.
Maryland—Hon. Reverdy Johnson and Hon.
J. A. J. Creswell.
. Kentucky—Hon. Garrett Davis.
Ohio—Hon. Benjamin F. Wade and Hon.
John Sherman.
Indiana—Hon. Henry S. Lane.
Illinois —• Hon. Richard Yates and Hon.
Lyman Trumbull.
Michigan—Hon. Jacob M. Howard and
Hon. Zachariah Chandler.
Wisconsin—Hon. Timothy 0. Howe and
Hon. James R. Doolittle.
Iowa—Hon. James W. Grimes and Hon.
Samuel J. Kirkwood.
Minnesota—Hon. Alexander Ramsey and
Hon. Daniel S. Norton.
California—Hon. James A. McDougall and
Hon. John Conness.
Oregon—Hon. James W. Nesmith and Hon.
George H. Williams.
Kansas—Hon. Samuel C. Pomeroy and
Hon. Edmund G. Ross.
West Virginia—Hon. P. G. Van Winkle
and Hon. Waitman T. Willey.
Tennessee—Hon. David T. Patterson and
Hon. Joseph S. Fowler.
senators absent.
The following Senators were absent: Hon.
William Sprague, of Rhode Island; Hou. Edgar
Cowan, of Pennsylvania; Hon. C. R. Buck-
alew, of Pennsjdvania; Hon. George Read
Riddle, of Delaware,; Hon. James Guthrie,
of Kentucky; Hon. Thomas A. Hendricks, of
Indiana; Hon. B. Gratz Brown, of Missouri;
Hon. John B. Henderson, of Missouri; Hon.
William M. Stewart, of Nevada; Hon. James
W. Nye, of Nevada.
Hon. LA FAYETTE S.FOSTER, President
pro tempore, a quorum of Senators being pres-
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 3.
ent, called the Senate to order at twelve
o'clock m.
The Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. J5. H.
Gray, D. D., offered the following prayer:
Holy, holy, holy Lord God of Hosts! Let
the whole earth be full of Thy glory. As sov-
ereign Thou reignest in heaven and rulest upon
the earth. Thou holdest the seas in the hollow
of Thy hand and takest up the isles as a very
little thing. Thou hearest the voice of the
feeblest weeper and the shouting of the multi-
tudinous nations. Thou dost mark the foot-
steps of the obscurest traveler and the acts of
those who are in the highest trust and power
of the nation. 0 God of the nation, we pray
that Thou wilt spread over this Capitol the wing
of Thy protecting providence. We thank Thee
for the opening of Congress, that the assembled
wisdom of the land has again convened in this
high conclave of the nation to deliberate upon
interests to affect the welfare of thirty million
people. Oh, grant that wisdom and grace and
strength may be imparted to Thy servants, the
Senators and to the Representatives of Con-
gress, that all the words they utter, and the
enactments that go forth from this high place
of power, may be approved of Heaven. Let
Thy blessing rest, we pray Thee, upon all Thy
servants, and grant that life and health may be
continued to them, and that death shall not be
permitted to invade this legislative body. We
pray that Thou wilt bless the President of the
United States and make him faithfnl to execute
the high trusts confided to him. Bless the
members of the Cabinet, and may they begifted,
highly gifted, with wisdom and foresight. Bless
the Army and Navy of the United States, and
let all our defenders have courage and patience
and endurance. Bless the judges in our land.
May they deal justly and love mercy. Bless
the four millions of the freedmen in this coun-
try, and prepare them for the rights of manhood
and the privileges of citizenship. Bless all the
people and have their interests in Thy safe care
and keeping; and may all the States of this
great Union be prepared to dwell together in
unity and concord, and may the God of peace
overshadow and bless and protect and save us
now and evermore. Amen.
credentials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. Luke P. Poland,
elected a Senator by the Legislature of the
State of Vermont, to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the death of Hon. Jacob Collamer,
for the term ending March 3, 1S67.
The credentials were read, and the oaths
prescribed by law were administered to Mr.
1 Pound. and he took his seat in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. George F. Edmunds,
elected a Senator by the Legislature of the
State of Vermont, to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the death of Hon. Solomon Foot, '
for the term ending March 3, 1869.
The credentials were read, and the oaths
prescribed by law were administered to Mr.
Edmunds, and he took his seat in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I rise, Mr. President,
to present a commission issued by the Gov-
ernor of the State of New Jersey to Alexan-
der G. Catteix, as a Senator to represent
that State in the Congress of the United States,
to fill a vacancy existing in the representation
of the State of New Jersey for and during the
term ending the 4th day of March, A. D. 1871.
I understand that a certificate of the election
under the statute has been filed with the Presi-
dent of the Senate.
I desire also to present the credentials of
Hon. Frederick T. Frelinohdysen, appointed
by the Governor of New Jersey to fill the va-
cancy occasioned by the death of Hon. Wil-
liam Wright, late a Senator from that State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. A. G. Cattell, elected
a Senator by the Legislature of the State of
New Jersey for the residue of the term of six
years, commencing on the 4th of March, 1865.
The credentials were read, and the oaths
prescribed by law were administered to Mr.
Cattell, and he took his seat in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. Frederick T. Fre-
linghuysen, appointed a Senator of the Uni-
ted States by the Governor of the State of New
Jersey, to fill, until the next session of the
Legislature of that State, the vacancy occa-
sioned by the death of Hon. William Wright.
The credentials were read, and the oaths
prescribed by law were administered to Mr.
Frelinghcysen, and ho took his seat in the
Senate.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the credentials of
Hon. George G. Four., appointed a Senator
of the United States by the Governor of the
State of New Hampshire, to fill, until thenext
session of the Legislature of that State, the
vacancy occasioned by the resignation of Hon.
Daniel Clark.
The credentials.were read, and the oaths
prescribed by law were administered to Mr.
Fogg, and he took his seat in the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I am
requested to present the credentials of Hon,
David G. Burnet, elected a Senator from the
State of Texas to fill the vacancy in the sen-
atorial representation from that State which
expires on the 3d day of March, 1871. I am
also requested to present the credentials of
Hon. 0. M. Roberts, olected a Senator from
the same State to fill the vacancy iu the term
expiring on the 3d day of March, 1803. 1 move
that they lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
notificition to the house.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of
