1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
to the amendment, there were, on a division—
ayes 8, noes 3 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a quorum
present. I think if we have another division
1 we can decide the question without the yeas
and nays, if gentlemen will vote. I will ex-
plain precisely what this proposition is. The
clerks in the eity post office were included in
the resolution as it came from the House, but
were placed among those whose salary is fixed
by law. We have ascertained that their salary
is not fixed by law, and therefore we are obliged
to transfer them to another portion of the reso-
lution ; and the amendment to the amendment
is made necessary for that purpose. The House
included these clerks in the city post office in
this increased compensation, and the Senate
committee agreed to it as being proper. The
question now is, whether they shall be trans-
ferred to a point in the resolution where that
intention can be carried out-
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I should like to ask the
Senator a question. Will not this be made a
ground upon which increased compensation
will be claimed in all the post offices all over
the country?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. It only relates
to clerks in the city post office in Washing-
ton.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. But will it not furnish
a ground for similar claims from all the post
office clerks throughout the country?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. We should
then resist it if such a claim was made. This
resolution is confined to clerks employed in
the city of Washington, and is intended to be so
confined, and the committee, I presume, would
oppose an addition to anybody out of Wash-
ington. .It stands on its own peculiar ground
with reference to the expenses of living in
Washington.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I have not been able
to hear the explanations that have been made
on the other side of the Chamber, but I find
in the sixteenth line of the amendment re-
ported by the committee these words : "in the
city post office." That portion of the amend-
ment applies to "the clerks, female clerks,
and employes in all the other Departments,"
and includes the city post office. I should
like to ask the gentleman having the proposi-
tion in charge to explain wherein his amend-
ment differs from what is already apparently
in the resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think a sufficient ex-
planation has already been made.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I did not hear it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I said that these words
were included in the first part of the amendment
upon the assumption that the clerks and em-
ploy6s in the post office of the city were sala-
ried officers ; but I am informed by the post-
master of this city that they are not salaried
officers, but that their wages are fixed by the
postmaster, and he desires to have authority
by this measure to increase their pay to the
same extent that the pay of the other officers
mentioned in the resolution is increased; and
therefore the words in the sixteenth and seven-
teenth lines were stricken out, and I propose
to transfer them to that portion of the resolu-
tion which is intended to include persons whose
salaries are not fixed by law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator, before he takes his seat, whether it is not
in this office just like it is in all other offices:
the number of clerks is controlled by the Post-
master General, and the rates of their compen-
sation.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not hear the ques-
tion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is not this an ordinary
post office like the post offices in other cities
in.regard to its employes ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose that this post
office is like any other post office in the United
States so far as the employment and salaries
of the clerks are concerned.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must call for the
order of the day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday without a motion. The tariff bill
is now before the Senate.
THE TARIES1 BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 718) to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. III can get the atten-
tion of the Senate for a few moments I will
explain an amendment that I propose to move.
It has reference to the amendment that was
made yesterday on the motion of the Senator
from West Virginia, [Mr. Willey. ] I move
to strike out the word '' Albertite'' in the thirty-
first line, on page 85.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that there is an amendment pending.
The question is on the amendment moved by
the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Frelins-
huysen] on page 40, section eight, line sixty-
eight, after the word "two" to insert "and
one half;" so as to make the clause read:
On zinc, spelter, or teutenague, in blocks or pigs,
two and a half cents per pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is an amend-
ment pending of course I will not interfere
with it. I will move my amendment after-
ward.
Mr. FRELINGHTJYSEN. Mr. President, it
seems to me if the Senate-comprehended fully
the facts in reference to spelter they would not
hesitate to adopt the pending amendment,
which is to increase the tariff from two cents
to two and a half cents on spelter. This min-
eral is found in many parts of this country.
It is found in New Jersey, in Pennsylvania,
in Virginia, in Tennessee, in Arkansas, in
Missouri, and in the lead regions of Wiscon-
sin ; and there are many works established in
New Jersey, in Pennsylvania, in Illinois, in
Wisconsin, and in Massachusetts. The in-
crease that is asked is half a cent a pound.
This article is used as a component part of
brass, and the duty on brass is seven cents a
pound, so that this increase would not seri-
ously affect the value of brass. The manufac-
turer can afford to import this article, but it is
the country that is interested in having the for-
eign article excluded and in having this wealth
of the country developed. I hope that the
Senate will adopt the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Frelinghuy-
sen, Harris, llovve, Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
and Wade—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Edmunds, Fes-
senden, Fogg, Foster, Henderson, Hendricks, Kirk-
wood, Morgan, Morrill, Patterson, Sherman, Sumner,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buekalew, Cattell, Chandler,
Conness, Cragin, Creswell, Doolittle, Fowler, Grimes,
Guthrie, Howard, Johnson, Lane, JMcDouga.ll, Nes-
mith. Norton, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Bid-
die, Ross, Saulsbury, Stewart, and Yates—-25.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move, on page
85, section thirteen, line thirty-one, to strike
out the word "Albertite," and I will make a
statement in regard to it, unless the Senator
from West Virginia is willing to agree to strike
it out, so that it may come under the head of
coal. If it is stricken out here it comes in
under the head of coal, and pays a duty of
SI 50, like other coal.
Mr. WILLEY. Albertite, as I understand
it, is a species of asphaltum. Here it is what
in Nova Scotia they call Albertite, and here is
a specimen from West Virginia that they call
asphaltum, [Exhibiting specimens to the Sen-
ate.] If there be any difference I am not able
to see it* It is a species of asphaltum almost
identical in quality.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator does
not consent to the amendment I will state my
reasons for offering it, and I would be obliged
to the Senate if they would attend to me, for
this is a matter of very great interest to th 
city in which I reside. The establishment
there for the manufacture of oil from this
Albertite coal is one of the few manufacturing
establishments in our city that escaped the
great conflagration. It employs about one
hundred and fifty men. The works cost ori-
ginally about three hundred and fifty thousand
dollars in gold, and would now cost double
that sum to erect. It employs a large num-
ber of men who have been employed there
for years, and who must be thrown entirely
out of employment if the rate of duty adopted
yesterday is insisted upon, and for no other
purpose that I can conceive, it being a manu-
facturing establishment, but to allow gen-
tlemen in New York who have entered into
this speculation in West Virginia at some future
period to commence the manufacture. At
Portland we manufacture oil_out of it. I take
it the Senator will not pretend that in West
Virginia, where this mountain is, they can
ever, while petroleutn lasts, manufacture oil
from coal. The petroleum wells are there,
and oil sells for seven or eight cents ; whereas
the manufacture of this oil from coal would
cost a very much larger sum on the spot. I
understand (and the Senator will correct me
if I am in error) that since the discovery of
petroleum not an oil factory to manufacture
oil from coal has been erected in that section
of country or in Pennsylvania or anywhere
where they have had an idea of manufacturing
oil from eoal; and that those which were ill
use in manufacturing oil from coal before that
time in West Virginia have been converted into
factories for the purpose of manufacturing
petroleum. I believe this establishment in
Portland, Maine, is the only one in the United
States, unless there may be a small factory of
this kind in Maysville, Kentucky.
Now, sir, it would seem very hard, even
under ordinary circumstances, to visit upon
any occasion so heavy a calamity to the city
of Portland, in addition to what it has already
suffered, as to close this factory entirely, which
must be the effect of the duty as it now stands
in the bill, for no other reason than the pros-
pective opportunities for making money af-
forded by this company in West Virginia, which
has not begun to operate at all, and which, as I
believe, never can operate in the manufacture
of oil from coal there—at the present time, to
say the least of it.
The Senator from West Virginia is very
honestly mistaken—if he is ever mistaken it is
always honestly—on this subject. He has been
misled by this statement which has been laid
before us, which is full of errors, which he
read, and upon which he founded his argument.
The simple truth is, that this Albertite is coal,
and the commissioner—I knew nothing about
it; nobody interested knew anything about it—
of his own motion, in framing the tariff put it
in among the asphaltums, on which there was
at that time a duty of twenty-five per cent.
The fact is, it is not asphaltum; it never has
been so ranked and never so considered. I
was taken by surprise yesterday by these broad
statements, which I had never seen or heard
before, and was unable to contradict or answer
them ; but fortunately a gentleman connected
with the getting up of that company was here,
and I sent for him and consulted him as to the
facts in relation to this question. He is con-
cerned in the manufacture of iron somewhat,
and came here in reference to iron matters;
but he is perfectly familiar with this subject;
and he is a gentleman for whose perfect integ-
rity I can vouch.
He informs me that the question was tried—
I do not know how it came up—in the supreme
court in New Brunswick, and it was decided
by the court that it was coal and not asphal-
tum. Why? I am not enough of a chemist
to say why it was, but the reason he gives me
is this: that when you distill asphaltum the
residue is an earthy substance ; when you dis-
till this eoal the residue is precisely as it ia in
