766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
other coals ; it is carbon, just like the coal
that you get from Pennsylvania; and it was
decided to be coal. It is used, and can be
used to advantage, for only two purposes : for
the manufacture of gas and for the manufac-
ture of oil; It is not used for any other pur-
pose whatever.
During the existence of the reciprocity treaty,
while all the coals came in free, certain gentle-
men purchased a considerable portion of that
mine in Nova Scotia. One of the misstate-
ments in the paper that has been laid on our
desks is that that mine is owned by foreigners.
In fact three fourths of it is owned by American
citizens. Believing that they could manufac-
ture oil to advantage out of it they purchased
the mine, and they established this establish-
ment in Portland of which I speak at very
great expense. As I stated yesterday, they
went on for a while, and even when they got
their coal'in free they failed and were obliged
to close up ; but after awhile they settled up
and went on again. So much for the large
profits that have been made.
The gentleman to whom I have alluded has
furnished me with a memorandum which I will
read to the Senate. He is perfectly familiar
with the whole subject, and knows all about it
from the beginning. He says:
" Albert costl, called in the Senate bill 'Albertite,'
is coal, and was so decided by the courts. It was
admitted as coal free of cluty under the reciprocity
treaty, and sinco has paid $1 25 per ton, gold duty,
the same as other coals."
That is the fact about it. It was stated here
yesterday that it paid twenty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. WILLEY. Of course, if it came in as
coal it did not pay duty as asphaltum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly; but what
many Senators founded their votes upon yes-
terday was the statement that the motion of
the honorable Senator from West Virginia'was
only to make it pay exactly what it had been
paying.
Mr. WILLEY. If it was coal, then of course
it would pay a smaller duty : but if it was
asphaltum it would pay more. That is the
question exactly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely; and I think
the error arose from the fact that it was in-
cluded by the commissioner under that impres-
sion without consulting anybody in relation to
the matter, which was an entire mistake. It
is coal, and has always been so regarded.
"This mine is of but very limited capacity. In no
year hasit mined andsold twenty thousand tons, lthas
run down eleven hundred feet, and they ha,ve to sink
■each year. In 1866 there were imported fifteen thou-
sand tons, which paid a duty of $18,750 in gold, mak-
ing m currency $27,000. Ten thousand tons out of
the fifteen thousand were worked into oil, and paid
aui excise duty to the Government of about sixty
thousand dollars, making a revenue to the Govern-
ment on the importation of that coal of 887,000. To
make that into oil there was expended on the ten
thousand tons twenty-three dollars per ton in labor,
iron, anthracite coal ior fuel, and chemicals, I'ifty
thousand dollars of that expenditure was paid to
Maryland and Pennsylvania for coal and iron.
"Now the Government want revenue. The pro-
hibitory duty put on this coal shuts it out from this
market, totally destroys the factory where the coal is
worked, which cost $320,000 in gold, and which could
not now be built for $71)0,000, throws out of employ-
ment one hundred and fifty men who have had steady
work for nearly eight years, and compels them to
seek other employment if they can get it. To pro-
tect what? Coal in Western Virginia that is lying
in the ground and will have to lie there until petro-
leum is four times the price it is now. There have
been no factories built in that section of the country
for the purpose of working coal into oil since the
discovery of petroleum."
If this gentle'man is wrong in this statement
the Senator from West Virginia can correct
him.
■" But all the factories that were built prior to the
discovery of petroleum have ceased working coal and
now work petroleum, with the exception of the Mays-
ville Oil Company in Kentucky, which has been
at times working small quantities of coal on tho
Kanawha."
" Now, as to the Rioter's mine, near Parkersburg,
Virginia, that coal has been known since 1859. The
company then owning it sold it to a company in New
York in 1863. That company have not erected any
works to make oil from tho coal, for at Parkersburg
thoy have tho petroleum from the Burning Springs
of Virginia, giving them the crude oil at their works
at not over seven to eight cents per gallon. The coals
of Western Virginia and Pennsylvania could not be
worked' into oil in competition with petroleum if they
had no excise duty to pay.
" This prohibition ot an article that pays the Gov-
ernment so large a revenue and gives labor to one
hundred and fifty men, and contributes with that
labor so large an amount to the industry of the coun-
try, is a thing that I cannot understand, especially
when it does not interfere with the interest it is said
the duty is designed to proteet. Western Virginia
and Pennsylvania need not fear any competition
from foreign coal for the manufacture of oil, for there
is no coal in Scotlandor England that can at all com-
pete with them. The Albert coal only competes to
the extent often thousand tons. Shale can never be
imported into this country. When oil was eighty
cents per gallon, and there was no excise, there wore
about two thousand gallons imported from Nova
Scotia free of duty, but as it did not pay it was aban-
doned."
I had the curiosity to look into the com-
merce and navigation returns for the amount
of asphaltum imported; and the value of the
whole quantity imported amounts to between
eight and nine hundred dollars. And as to the
shale, it could not be worked at all to any profit
even when oil was eighty or ninety cents a
gallon. As to bitumen, it is of so little conse-
quence that it is not named at all in the re-
turns; I cannot find it imported. For these
reasons the commissioner, finding that these
articles, were of no sort of consequence, put
them down at fifty cents, which is high enough
for them, and as I said before, by a misappre-
hension the commissioner put Albertite into the
same category. It had never been there be-
fore ; it is absolutely coal and nothing but coal.
Now, just look at some of these misstate-
ments to show how loosely men make their
statements. The Senator from West Virginia
read this paper and relied upon it'for his tacts
—a paper got up by one cf the men in this very
company. It is a mistake, in the first place,
to say that this article is asphaltum. It is not.
In the next place it is a mistake to say that the
present duty is twenty-five per cent. It is
$1 25 a ton, and has always stood the same as
other coal. Then it is stated that it is worth
twenty dollars at the mine. It is only seven or
eight dollars after it has been extracted.
Mr. HOWE. Then the duty is more than
twenty-five per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but'that
it may be. It came in as coal, as I said before,
at $1 25 a ton. I propose to strike this out so
that it may come in now as other coal does
under this bill at $1 50, making no distinction.
Let me call attention to another statement
to show the way in which the person who wrote
this paper tried to influence the members of
the Senate:
"Albertite comes from Nova Scotia."
That is true.
" It is a vein of asphaltum, of great value, and it
is largely, if not principally, owned by foreigners."
Here are two errors, intentional, or uninten-
tional, I do not know which.
14 The owners have a manufactory of oil in Nova
Scotia, but the duty on the importation of crude oil
into the United States being ten cents per gallon,
they have established another manufactory at Port-
land, Maine, where, by a cheap and simple process,
similar to tho retorting of coal in gas-works, the
Albertite is convei ted into oil, yielding over one hun-
dred gallons to the ton of mineral."
Mr. WILLEY. On that point I wish to
ascertain from the Senator whether it is true
that this coal, as he calls it, yields over one
hundred gallons of oil to the ton.
Mr. FESSENDEN. About one hundred of
crude oil, not of refined oil.
Mr. HOWE. What is that oil worth?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state presently.
This paper says •' " The material is of such rich-
ness its conversion is made with almost the
same facility that lard is converted into oil."
And further on is a statement that those who
distill it into oil have a great advantage over
those who make oil from petroleum, because
they do not pay so much internal revenue
duty. Now I want to take these two things
together. Albertite takes six separate distilla-
tions before it enters into oil; petroleum takes
one single distillation. This article has to go
through six separate processes befote it is
made into oil. As I said before, when we
were forming the internal revenue bill the
gentlemen who manufacture this oil at Port-
land and the men who manufacture oil from
petroleum had a conference and they agreed
upon what the just difference between tho two
was and should be, and it was so fixed by their
agreement, and at that very time the men en-
gaged in the manufacture of coal oil in West
Virginia and that section of the country in-
sisted upon it that there ought to be nothing at
all upon this, it was so-expensive a manufac-
ture ; and yet here is - a statement that it csui
be converted into oil with the ease of lard.
That is the fairness and honesty of this state-
ment.
Then, it is said that these persons have been
around the commissioner and around the Sen-
ate trying to get Albertite in at a low duty. That
is a positive misstatement. It is evident the
writer did not know anything about the facts.
This charge is not true, and does not begin to
be true. It was put in by the commissioner
of his own motion; nobody asked him to do
it; and I did not know anything about it my-
self until this controversy came up.
It is further stated here that the oil sells for
seventy cents a gallon, and sold last year for
SI 50. The agent informs me that it is selling
now at sixty-three cents, and if you take off the
duty it brings it down to fifty-three. It never
sold for $1 50. It has been down as low as
thirty cents, and may come down that low
again at any time. This paper is a positive
misstatement in all particulars.
Under these circumstances, I really must
ask the Senate to reconsider this question so
far as I have presented it to the Senate. I do
not ask them to keep it at fifty cents a ton, but
I ask them to leave it with other coals which
they have put at $1 50 a ton. As the agent
informs me, a duty of two dollars a ton put on
this article would shut up the factory and com-
pel them to cease business altogether or remove
to the other side of the line and set it up in
New Brunswick, thus losing to the Govern-
ment eighty or ninety thousand dollars a year
revenue derived from the duty on the imported
coal and the internal revenue tax paid by this
concern. I have no doubt the fact is so from
the operations I have witnessed and what I
know of the history of the company. To gut
anything like this duty on it would be entire
destruction; and really, tinder the circum-
stances, 1 feel that I have a right to ask the
Senate to adopt the amendment I have pro-
Mr. JOHNSON. What does the Senator
propose to make the duty?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same as the coal
duty, $1 50 a ton. I move simply to strike
out " Albertite here; and then it will come
in as coal, as it has done before.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 know how hopeless a task
it is to interpose objections on a question of
this character to any position which the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance may deem
it his duty to take in regard to a proposition;
but I beg, after having listened to his statement,
the Senate will have notice that, after all, the
question raised by the statement of the Senator
from Maine is whether, in point of fact, a rose
would not smell as sweet by another name.
The proposition is to strike the word '' Alber-
tite" out of the lines alluded to and place it
under the head of coal, so that it may be subject
to the same duty as ordinary coal. Now let us
look at the proposition, and let us look at the
result of this thing. How much oil can be ex-
pressed out of ordinary bituminous coal? That
depends very much upon its quality, for there
is a difference of quality in the ordinary bitu-
minous coal. So far as my experience is con-
cerned—and living in the midst of it I have some
personal knowledge in regard to that matter-
forty gallons a ton is about the highest that you
can get from a ton of the richest bituminous
coal in our section, of the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is about all they
get from this after it is reduced.
Mr. WILLEY. According to the statement
of tho honorable Senator from Maine it is
admitted that one hundred or upward of one
hundred gallons of oil maybe expressed, out
