768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
have the prime cost in the cityofNewYorkof
a cubic foot of this description of marble $2 11
only. That is what it pays duty on. That
marble sells in the city of New York, which is
the principal market, and in Boston for just
about the same; it sells to the persons who
buy it ffom these importers from five to seven
dollars per cubic foot, say an average of $5 50
a foot, which leaves a clcar profit to the im-
porter on every cargo that he brings over of
$3 39 a cubic foot. Now, if you add fifty cents
per cubic foot to the duty, making it a dollar,
there would still be left to him a clear profit of
$2 89 a foot, and with the twenty per cent, off,
sixty-three cents more, would leave a profit of
$3 52, and that ought to be-profit enough for
any importer.
Thus it appears that this amendment which
I purpose, instead of increasing the cost to the
consumer, really is merely a diminution of the
profits of the foreign importer who brings this
marble from the shores of the Mediterranean,
where all our foreign marble comes from, in
one place or another, either the isles of Greece
or the shores of Italy ; and some of the varie-
ties come from France. It leaves him a very
handsome profit still.
Now, as to the comparative cost of labor in
Carrara and in the places of production in our
own country, whether in Vermont, or in Mary-
land, or New York, or Pennsylvania, or Ohio,
or Michigan, wherever marble can be worked,
the cost of labor shows a very great disparity
indeed. The cost of labor at Carrara, not
according to the statement of any interested
person, but according to the statement found
m books and treatises on this subject—English
books and treatises, which I have examined—
is, for common labor, not over forty-five cents
per day; sixty cents a day for skilled quarry-
men ; and from eighty-eight cents to one dol-
lar per day for the best and most intelligent
workmen. In the marble quarries in Vermont
—and I have no doubt it is the same elsewhere
in the United States—the cost for a common
laborer is §1 75 per day, and for highly-skilled
labor from three to five dollars per day.
It will therefore be perceived by the Senate
that in every point of view this protection is
proper upon the same principle upon which we
have been proceeding in relation to coal and
all other home productions, where there is an
abundance of the raw material scattered all
over the United States, where there are millions
of capital invested in New England and in the
Middle States and some in the western States
in this business, and where, therefore, the whole
market can be supplied at rates which will not
be enhanced by this additional duty, for the
reason we all understand that if thequarryman
can increase his production and find a market
for a little additional product of his mine he
can continue to sell at the same or a lower
rate and still make more profit than lie did be-
fore, for the larger the production and the
greater the sale the greater the gross amount
of profit at a small rate.
Hence it appears to me all the considera-
tions which have induced the Senate to protect
other branches of American industry apply with
greater force, if it be possible, to this case. In
the case of coal, it is an article of prime neces-
sity, used either in the form of fuel or as the
means of producing light or working machinery
by every interest in the land, the poor as well
as the rich, while in the case of this description
of marble, as I said before, it is really a luxury
used by the opulent and wealthy for ornaments
for their dwellings, and other things of that
kind.
Perhaps it may be said that as to tomb-
stones there may be some foreign importation:
but the cases are very rare, indeed, in which
the grave of any person in even moderate cir-
cumstances is marked by a stone of foreign
production. In that instance it is only the
graves of the wealthy and the great that are
surmounted by Italian marble monuments.
The result, then, is if you wish to increase the
revenue upon these articles of luxury and gain
a larger amount of income to the country than
you do now without increasing the price, this
duty ought to be raised to the point where the
House left it; and in addition to that, if you
wish,to encourage the production at home and
to protect and develop the capital already in-
vested by millions of dollars and by thousands
of workers in it, then this amendment ought
to be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same principle
upon which the committee acted with regard
to many other duties governed them in fixing
this duty. We looked to see whether the
duties raised upon some particular materials
would affect the manufacturers of those mate-
rials. We came to the conclusion.that it was
necessary to raise the duties on iron, though
not as much as the House proposed, and on
wool, which we left pretty much the same ; and
of course upon all those things manufactured
from iron and from wool it became necessary
to raise the duties somewhat. But with regard
to this particular thing, we could not see where
the logic was as applied to marble. In 1864
the duties were fixed exactly to suit the prede-
cessor of the honorable Senator, Mr. Foot.
Two years ago, or a little more, the Vermont
marble men demanded a duty of fifty cents
upon " all other marble " and twenty per cent.
ad valorem, and they got it. It cannot be con-
tended, I think, that wages are any higher now
than they were then, especially in Vermont,
where they work in marble. It cannot be pre-
tended that it costs any more to work the mar-
ble in Vermont to-day than it did when the
tariff of 1864 was passed, or that the necessa-
ries of life have increased in price since. If
that rate" of duty was satisfactory then to the
predecessor of the honorable Senator and the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
<#f the House, who lookssharplyafter Vermont's
interests, the Committee on Finance could not
see why it should not be satisfactory now. We
raised the duties at that time to protect what
is mere labor; and having given them all they
wanted and all they said was necessary to com-
pete with foreigners then, the committee were
unable to see why this duty should be raised
at the present time. I am unable to perceive it
now.
The same argument is made by the Sen-
ator that is made by the representatives of
every other interest. Calculations are pre-
sented which nobody can answer bccausc no-
body has the data but those who make them
up; and we must take them on their say-so.
We had before us some of the workers in
marble who say there is a very considerable
interest, a large interest in the city of Phila-
delphia and in the city of New York, and prob-
ably in other cities. They demonstrated to
our satisfaction that this increase of duty would
operate very onerously upon them, and they
stated the fact, also that the Vermont marble
works were so filled with orders that they could
not supply the demand and had not been able
to supply their own demand, that is the demand
for marble of these men themselves, or to an-
swer their orders.
I do not understand the honorable Senator
as saying that the interest is suffering any up
in Vermont. I have never heard that the mar-
ble quarries of Vermont were anything but a
source of wealth. I have never heard any com-
plaint that they suffered for want of adequate
protection. Anybody may look and see how
much a dollar a cubic foot would be upon a
large sl;ib of marble. It was illustrated in the
room of the Committee on Finance by referring
to the table before us around which we sat, and
it was evident that a dollar a cubic foot on any-
thing like a considerable block of marble would
be so large, that it would be almost impossible
for parties of moderate means to use imported
marble.
Again, there is one thing of which the Ver-
mont marble now has a perfect monopoly, and
that is for statuary purposes. No one thinks
of importing marble to compete witkthe Ver-
mont marble for that. It is pure white, the
best that can be had. These other marbles
which the Senator has referred to are expen-
sive. They are used, as he says, rather as arti-
cles of luxury. It is not so much so with the
common marbles, which are used for various
purposes in connection with the building of
houses and for furniture and divers things which
I cannot begin to enumerate. Many import
these foreign marbles for that use. They are
not very high priced, and their use does not
interfere, as we are told, with the sales of the
Vermont marble-works, because they have as
much as they can do to supply the demand,
and, indeed, that is more than they can do.
I believe our marble trade is the principal
trade we have with Italy. There are but two
or three articles in which we have any trade
with Italy. We trade there for fruits, and we
trade for sulphur, most of which comes from
Sicily, and we trade for marble. I do not
suppose it costs a great deal for our fruit ves-
sels to bring home marble, or that they charge
a very large sum. The Senator should remem-
ber in his calculations of what the freight
costs and what profit the importer makes,
that the importer charges according to what
he has to pay, and if he has to pay a dollar
duty he charges that, dollar to the consumer.
Now, sir, I hope the amendment will not be
adopted, unless the Senator can give some
good and sufficient reason which shows that
this burden should be laid upon the many
uses that arc made of marble for ordinary
purposes of ornament in furniture and in the
building of houses, so as to give an entire mo-
nopoly of the whole matter to the Vermont
marble-works and destroy the little trade we
have with Italy in this matter. Unless he can
show some different reason that prevails now
from that which prevailed in 1864, two years
and a .half ago, when the duty was fixed ex-
actly to suit these gentlemen, and was made
perfectly satisfactory to them on their own
motion, I really think this amendment ought
not to prevail.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Maine, if
we were to judge by his debates, is unable to see
any other part of the country except that rock-
bound coast up there where they distill Alber-
tite into oil. That is the only interest which
leally deserves the highest kind of protection,
if we are to take his counsel for it, that there
is in the United States. Now, I wish to in-
form the Senator from Maine, or rather to
remind him, because he does not need to be
informed, that the data I am speaking from as
to tho production of these marbles, the cost of
them, and all that, he can find in any recent
encyclopediawhich contains the head "marble"
or "Carrara marble;" and there he will find
the cost of foreign labor, the amount of pro-
duction, the classification of the marble, the
markets to which it is exported ; and I will
read for the information of my friend from
Maine a memorandum which I have made
myself from the fourth volume of .the American
Encyclopedia, which is to be found in the Con-
gressional Library, and which was not got up
by workers of Vermont marble to the best of
my knowledge, information, and belief, to
show what this foreign production is, how it is
classified, and what a very eminent English
statistician, writing on this Subject, says is done
with it.
First, as to the foreign product: Carrara fur-
nishes of statuary blocks, the kind that my
friend from Maine is willing to protect against,
only 2,900 tons a year. The only other foreign
product of statuary blocks is Massa, which fur-
nishes a rather inferior kind, and which only
produced in 1862 or 1863^-%hen this encyclope-
dia article was written, 106 tons. Of other
marble in blocks Carrara produced 46,367 tons;
Massa, 2,792 tons. Then in slabs Carrara pro-
duced 6,518 tons, and Massa, 1,511, making a
total production of Cdrrara marble of 54,785
tons, of which, as I have said, only 2,900 tons
were statuary, and the total product of Massa
4,409 tons.
Of this annual product from these quarries—
now I quote from the English writer on the
subject, and not from the Vermont marble
men—" about half that in blocks" (that in-
