THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Decembers,
IOWA.
Hiram Price, Josiah B. Griimell,
William B. Allison, John A. Kasson.
WISCONSIN.
Halbert E. Paine, Philetus Sawyer,
Amasa Cobb, W alter D. Molndoe.
Charles A. Eldridge,
CALIFORNIA.
. Donald C. McRuer, John Iiidwcll.
William Higby,
MINNESOTA.
William Windom, Ignatius Donnelly,
OREGON.
James H. D. Henderson.
KANSAS.
Sidney Clarke.
WEST VIRGINIA.
Chester D. Hubbard, Kellian Y. Whaley.
George R. Latham,
NEW MEXICO. UTAH.
J, Francisco Chaves. William H. Hooper.
WASHINGTON. NEBRASKA.
Arthur A. Denny. Phineas W. Hitchcock.
COLORADO. DAKOTA.
Alien A. Bradford. Walter A. Burleigh.
ARIZONA. IDAHO.
John N. Goodwin. E. D. Holbrook.
MONTANA.
Samuel McLean.
The SPEAKER stated that one hundred
and forty-six members (more than a quorum)
had answered to their names, and that the
House was ready to proceed to the transaction
of business.
qualification of members.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
privilege, and present the credentials of Messrs.
William B. Campbell, Samuel M. Arnell,
and Isaac R. Hawkins, members-elect from
the fifth, sixth, and seventh districts, respect-
ively, of the State of Tennessee. Those gen-
tlemen are now in attendance, ready to take
the oath of office.
Mr. DAWES. The credentials of the mem-
bers from Tennessee were at the last session
referred to the Committee of Elections. I
move that the credentials now presented be so
referred, before the gentlemen are sworn in as
members.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Elec-
tions at the ia-,t session reported in favor of
the admission of eight members from the
State of Tennessee; and that report was ac-
cepted by the House. These arc three gentle-
men who, being absent, were not sworn in at
that time. Does the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] desire that tlieir ereden-,
tials shall be again referred ?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir. The fact just men-
tioned had slipped my memory. I withdraw
my motion.
Messrs. Campbell, Arxell, and Hawkixs
appeared, and were duly qualified by taking
the oaths prescribed by the Constitution and
laws. '
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of privilege, and present the creden-
tials of Mr. Elijah Hise, a member-elect
from the third district of Kentucky, lately rep-
resented by Hon. Henry Gridcr, now deceased,
and also the credentials of Axdiiew H. Wat.d,
member-elect from the sixth district of the
same State, lately represented by Hon. Green
Clay Smith, resigned.
Messrs. Hise and Ward appeared, and
were duly qualified by taking the oaths pre-
scribed by the Constitution and laws.
committee to wait upon tub president.
Mr.WASHBURNE,oflllinois. Mr.Speaker,
a quorum having answered to their names I offer
the following resolutions:
Eesohnl, That the Clerk inform the Senate that a
quorum of the Honso of Representatives h:is assem-
bled, and that the House is ready to proceed to busi-
ness.
Kevolocl, That a committee of three be appointed
ou the part of too House, to join such committee as
may be appointed on the part of t'no Senate, to wait
upon the President of the United States to inform
him a quorum of the two Houses has assembled, and
Congress is ready to receive any communication he
may be pleased to make.
The resolutions were adopted.
The SPEAKER appointed- as such commit-
tee, Mr. Washburne of Illinois, Mr. Mobiull,
and Mr. Finck.
news association.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I ask now
that the Speaker may assign to the United
States and European News Association a seat
for its reporter upon the floor of the House,
at some point where it will be of no incon-
venience to the members.^
There was no objection, and it was agreed to
accordingly.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to know whether
the motion just made embraces the editor of
the London Times, who is now in town and
ought to be invited to take a seat upon the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. My motion
only applies to a permanent agent of the Asso-
ciated Press. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania can make his own motion.
Mr. STEVENS.__ I merely made the inquiry.
call 0e states for resolutions.
The first business in order was a call of the
States for resolutions.
committee on ereedmen.
. Mr. ELIOT submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Rules:
Re-solved, That a standing committee, called the
Committee on Frecdmen, consisting of nine mem-
bers, be appointed by the Speaker at the beginning
of each session of Congress, which committee shall
havecharge of all matters concerning freedmen which
shall be committed to it by the House.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate,- by
its Secretary, Mr. .Toxin W. Forney, informing
the House that a quorum of the Senate had
assembled and was now ready to proceed to
business; and further, that it had appointed
Mr. Axtiioxy and Mr. Nesjiith a committee,
to join such committee as may be appointed ou
the part of the House, to wait upon the Presi-
dent and to inform him a quorum of each
House had assembled and Congress was ready
to receive any communication he may please
to make.
peesidext's pardoning power.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to repeal the thirteenth section
of an act entitled "An act to suppress insurrec-
tion, to punish treason and rebellion, and seize
and confiscate the property of rebels, and for
other purposes," approved July 17, 1862.
Mr. SPALDING-. I ask for the reading of
the section proposed to be repealed.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the
President is hereby authorized, at any time here-
after, by proclamation, to extend to persons who may
have participated in the existing rebellion in any
Slate or part thereof, pardon and amnesty, wiihsuoh
exceptions and at such time and on such conditions
as he may deem expedient for the public welfare."
Mr. FINCK. X object.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. FINCK. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 28, not vot-
ing 45 5 as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter,
Beaman, Benjamin. Bidwell,Bingham,Blaine, Blow,
Boutwcii, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomali, Buck-
land, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarlio, Cobb, Cul-
lom, Barling', l)awes, Defrees, Bixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Famsworth,
Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinrtell, Abner C. Har-
ding, Hart.Hawkins.Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill,
Holmes, Hooper, Chester D. Ilubbard,. John II.
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Ilulburd, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Keteham,
Koontz, Kuykendull. Laflin, Latham. George V.
Lawrence. William Lawrence, Loan. Lynch, May-
nard, McClurg, Melndoe, McKee, McRuer, Mercur,
Miller, Moorhead. Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham,
Pike, Plants, Priee, William li. Randall, Alexander
H. Rice, John H. Rico, Rollins, Sawyer, Selionck,
Seofield, Shellabarger, Spalding, Stevens,'StokeS,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aornam, Burt Van. Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Warner, Elihu B. W ashburne, Henry D. W ash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welter, W'ent worth,
Whaley, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and. Win-
dom—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Boyer, Chanler, Dawson,
Eldridge, Finck.Glossbrenner, Hale, Aaron Harding,
Hise, Kerr, Le Blond, Leftwich, Marshall, Niblaek,
Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall. Ritter,
Rogers, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Sfilwpll, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Trimble, and Andrew H.
Ward—28.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Alley, Anderson, DelosR.
Ashley, Bergen, Bundy, Campbell, Conkling-, Cook,
Cooper, Culver, Davis, Delano, Doming, Denison,
Dumont, Goodyear, Griswokl. Harris, Hogan. Hotch-
kiss, Asahel W.Hubbard, Demos Hubbard, EdwinN.
Hubbell, Humphrey, J ohnson, J ones, Longyear, Mar-
ston, Marvin, McCuIlough, Pomeroy, Radford, Ray-
mond, Ross, Sloan, Starr, Strouse, Taber, Thayer,
Thornton, Hamilton Ward, James F. Wilson, Win-
field, Woodbridge, and Wrxght—45.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended.
During the roll-call,
Mr. GTilNNELL said: I desire to state that
my colleague, Mr. Hubbard, is detained at
home by sickness.
Mr. ANCONA said: I desire to state that
my colleague, Mr. Johnson, is detained at
home by sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
The bill was theg read a first and second
time.
Mr. ELIOT. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ELIOT. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112; nays 20, not vot-
ing 49 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bea-
man, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, 'Blow,
Boutwcll, Brandegee, Bromwell. Broomali, Buck-
land, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke. Cobb, Cul-
lom, Darling, Defrees, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs. Eck-
ley, Eggleston, Eliot. Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry,
Garfield. Grinnell, Abner C. Harding. Hart, Hawkins,
Hayes, Henderson, llicroy. IIill, Holmes, Hooper,
Chester D. Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard, James R.
Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kas-
son, Kelley, Kelso, Keteham, Koontz, Kuykendall,
Laflin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Lynch, Maynard, McClurg, Melndoe,
McKee, MeRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morris,
Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth. Paine, Pat-
terson, Perliam, Pike. Plant?, Price, William H.
Randall, Alexander II. Rice. joliu H. Rice, Rollins,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scolield, Shellabarger, Spalding,
Starr, Stevens. Stokes, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Trowbridge. GTpson, Van Aernam. Robert T.
Van Horn, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welfcer, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—112.
Iv AYS—Messrs. Aneona, Boyer, Campbell, Chanler,
Dawson, Eldridge, Glossbrenner, Hale, Aaron Har-
ding, Hise, Kerr, Le Blond, Leftwich, Marshall, Nib-
laek. Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall,
Ritter, Rogers, Shanklin, SuLrcavt-s, Siilwcll, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor. Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Trimble,
and Andrew H. Ward—29.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Delog R.
Ashley, Bergen, Bundy. Cunklina-, Cook, Cooper,
Culver, Davis, Dswe*. DMf>no, Doming, Denison,
Dodge, Dumont, Fmck, Go-odyoar, Griswold, Harris,
Hogan, Hotchkiss. Aiahei W. Hubbard, DemasHub-
bard,Edwin N.Hubbell, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones,
Longyear, Marston, Marvin, MeCnltongh, Morrill,
Pomeroy, Radford. Raymond, Ross. Sloan, Strouse,
Taber, Thornton, Burt Van Horn. Hamilton Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne, James F. Wilson, Winfield,
Woodbridge, and Wright—49.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. LE BLOND said: Mr. Finck. is absent
attending the committee to wait on the Pres-
ident. If he were present he would vote against
the bill.
The result of the vote havingbeen announced
as above recorded,
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and'also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
