1867.
THE CONCESSIONAL. GLtiM.
eludes the statuary and £ll others in blocks,
making about 50,000 tons) ".is exported to the
United Stales, which appears to, b.e a steady
and good market." Now, I quote further from
the American Encyclopedia when I say that
the cost of labor at Carrara does not exceed
forty-five cents per day for common labor, sixty
ccnts per day for skilled labor, and eighty-eight
cents per day for the best and most intelligent
■workmen. The London prices fo.r.these mar-
bles, taken from the same book, are as follows;
of the highest and best quality of statuary four-
teen to fifteen dollars per,cubic foot; the first
quality of the other kinds which come in under
this proposition at fifty cents per foot, from
seven to eight dollars per foot; the second
quality three to four dollars per foot;. and other
Italian marble, not the Carrara, one to three
dollars.
Thus it will be perceived that the data to
which I have referred do not depend upon the
statements of interested parties, but do depend
upon the general information which men en:
gaged in scientific pursuits, in getting.up sta-
tistics for the general information, of all coun-
tries, collect from responsible and authorita-
tive sources. That is where th<? information
comes from; and if my friend will, inquire of
his New York marble-workers, who appear to
have been before him, and ask them how much
th'ey invoice this marble at per cubic foot, and
how much they swear it costs them at the port
of exportation, (which is what they call now-a-
days the protective way of importing goods, to
take the foreign cost and not the home value,
which is not my doctrine,) he will find that I
have not understated the cost on which they
pay duty a single cent a foot, and that they
only pay a duty, including charges and every-
thing else, at such a rate as to make the cost
to them in the city of New York only a little
over two dollars per cubic foot. They sell it
for $5 50, as my friend has the information
they do, if he has had the dealers in New York
before him; and I only speak of New York as
one port illustrating the others, being the prin-
cfpal port. Can my friend tell me that I have
overstated or understated this price at $5 50,
the price to the trade in the city of New York?
Now, just look at it in another point of view
and see how it has worked for revenue. If the
Senator will turn to the volume of Commercial
Belations he will discover that I have not
quoted from the Vermont men for this; he will
see that when the tariff which he says was
made in 1864 was passed, raising the duty to
fifty cents per foot and twenty per cent, ad
valorem, there was imported in the year 180-1
marble to the value of $108,476, the duties on
which were $43,390. That of course was before
the act of 1861 took effect. In 1865, under the
operation of that act, while the importation
was reduced in value to §84,631, the duties rose
to $81,855, making .an absolute increase to the
revenue on this one article alone at that one
port of $38,215.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much would the
revenue have been increased if the article had
been excluded?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would probably have
increased i| to about as much as it would to
exclude Albertite from the works of Maine. I
do not know how much it would increase it
to exclude it altogether; but where there is
a net profit of more than one hundred per cent,
upon each cubic foot that the importer now
brings in, I take it there is not much danger in
increasing the tariff fifty cents per foot, which
is just about ten per cent, on the retail price
of his sales.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will notice
a difference between marble and Albertite, as
he calls it. .Whereas he desires a double duty
to be put upon marble, we are content with an
increased duty on Albertite.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well, I am not com-
plaining of my friend's Albertite; I am only
saying that that kind of justice which he de-
mands for himself and for the interest that he
represents he ought to be willing to extend to
Other sections of the country.
39th Coxa. 2d —Uo. 49,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Iain, and if the Sena-
tor, will only demonstrate that there has been
any change to render it any more burdensome
for the Vermont marble to contend with for-
eign marble since 1864, when we know, there
has been a fall in the prices of living and no>
increase in the price . of wages,, and it. was
fixed,then to suit what they demanded, Ishall
be inclined to favor an increase of the duty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have yet to learn in
my section of country that there has been,
any fall in the prices of wages or in the price
of living.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There has been no in-
crease since then.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will remind my friend
that since 1864, when, as he says,, my,constitu-
ents got this fixed to suit themselves, there
has been a very heavy increase of internal
revenue taxes, and, the marble workers of
Vermont and every other State—because', I
beg to remind him that this is not merely a
Vermont interest—have been most,, heavily
taxed by internal taxation. A,nd, beside that,
the difference in exchange and the price of
gold have so changed from that time t,o, this
as to make an enormous difference against
them in that respect, so,that they do not stand
anything like on the same ground that they
did in 1864.
Now, therefore, if you find, as the experiment
which has been tried demonstrates that you
will, that by making the importer share some
larger part of his enormous profits with the
Government, you increase the revenue, while
you still are able to supply the market from
your home production and thereby increase
your internal revenue by taxation and develop
your industry, I think you ought to do it. It
is not Vermont alone, by any means, that is
.interested in a question of this description-.
Let me assure my friend that there are a great
many other places in the United States where
marble not only exists, but is absolutely jvorked,
capital is, invested in it, labor is producing it.
The localities of white marble in the United
States are Vermont, Western Massachusetts,
New York, west of the city, Pennsylvania,
Maryland, Virginia, theCarolinas, Georgia, and
Alabama. Pursuing down the whole eastern
range of the AUeghanies, extending from the
Canada line to the Gulf of Mexico, white mar-
ble exists; many quarries of it are worked,
which supply the cities and the trade from
pli.ee to place. This is an interest worth de-
veloping, as much so as that of coal; and as I
said before, in addition to the arguments which
have been so successfully urged about coal,
differing from coal there enters into the pro-
duction of marble when it comes to be utilized
a vast deal of labor. It not only has to be
quarried as coal has, but it has to be worked
as coal does not have to be. Labor is expended
upon it; skill is expended upon it; luxury
results from it. It is therefore one of that
class of productions which ought to bear out
of proportion, speaking in one sense of that
word, the burdens of taxation which the coun-
try must impose on its citizens.
Now take the variegated marble, where is
that to be found in the United States aud where
is it worked? It is worked even in Maine, at
Thomaston. I do not know how the quarries
are going on now, but there is a good quarry,
according to the Encyclopedia, of marble there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not ask any
increase.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that they
do. Perhaps they have turned their attention,
being pretty far down on the northeastern
frontier, to importing coals and making oil;
perhaps they find that more profitable ; I can-
not say. Then Vermont has exhaustless stores
of it; Tennessee is full of it, and the beautiful
marble which adorns many of the staircases of
this Capitol is from there; California has fine
quarries of it of the most beautiful description.
Then when you take the prucciated marble,
another description, Vermont has it, Maryland
has it, and so has Tennessee. So that every
description of marble which is known among
wen, excepting,the antiques,.as tbey;are called,
from the lost quarries, are to be found in abun-
dance in this country. Every description of it
is worked. Millions of capital, are invested in
itf and thousands upon thousands of the .indus-
trious inhabitants .of this country earn their
daily bread in. working in it in one form or
aixother, It is entitled to protection; it is en-
titled to encouragement; and let me tell my
friend from Maine that it is no easy thing, no
light thing to open a marble quarry. Some
marble quarries, like every other description
of business, are very profitable; others are not
so. The general average of the marble busi-
ness is not exceedingly profitable, and we must
legislate for the general average of that descrip-
tion of occupation.
We find, then, that the importer of this for-
eign marble can well share his enormous profits
with the Government by paying a little higher
tax. We find that it will not be a tax upon the
consumer, although that consumer who uses
the foreign marble is your rich man and not
your poor onej because there is not one house
in fifty in the United States that contains
any marble article of furniture or ornament
whatever, unless it may be some little mantel
ornament, a vase or something of' that kind,
that is made from a kind of stucco prepared
from marble dust; but of real marble there is
not one house in fifty among the habitations
of the citizens of the United States that has a
particle of it inside of its doors. It comes
almost under the same head that champagne
and claret and Burgundy and cigars do ; things
that the rich or those who have money to spend
for luxuries, whether rich or not, choose to
have. Therefore it ought to be taxed more than
other articles; and as I have demonstrated,'
on account of the great extent of the product
in this country and the great amount of capital
and labor already invested in it, there is no
danger that there will not be a sufficient sup-
ply, and no danger that the price will be en-
hanced by increasing this duty. The only
result will be that while you thus stimulate to
a larger degree home production, you will in-
crease your revenue and not increase the price.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire simply to say,
in reference to this amendment proposed by
the Senator from Vermont, that the represent-
atives of this interest and the representatives
of those who ate engaged in the working of
marble were before the committee, and both
sides of this question were there heard, and
this report was fixed* with reference to the in-
terests of all concerned as well with reference
to the interest of the country so far as the
question related to revenue.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to ask my
friend a question. May I inquire what rep-
resentatives of the marble-producing interest
were before the committee?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know their
names: I cannot remember their names.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can you tell where their
quarries were ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose they were in
Vermont, but I am not certain about that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should be very glad to
have more definite information on that subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think any
Vermont marble men were before us.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My information is that
the marble-workers of New York and Phila-
delphia, three-fourths of whom are unnatural-
ized foreigners, Italians, as I am told, (and
from my own experience I think that is so,)
were before the committee; but the marble
producers, relying upon the examination which
was had upon the House bill, and not informed
that there was going to be any attack upon it,
had no opportunity of being heard.^ Iam not
complaining that the committee did not give
them a hearing; they ought to have attended
to it, I agree.
Mr. WILLIAMS.^ I am not advised as to
where these men lived who appeared before
the committee, but I am quite confident that
the view of the subject which the Senator has
presented here fo-day was presented to and
