770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
considered by the committee in connection
with the statements made by those engaged in
working marble in this country; and those
persons represented in us that they were pre-
pared with their figures (as all these persons
are who come to make representations in
reference to the tariff) to show that if this addi-
tional duty be imposed upon marble imported
into this country it will be ruinous to their
business.
It seems to me that if the object be to pro-
tect labor by the imposition of duties it is
necessary that we should take into considera-
tion the labor of the men who are engage^ in
working marble and making statues and furni-
ture and other articles out of marble, as much
as the interests of the particular men who are
taking the marble out of the ground. They
say to us (of course there is no way to verify
what they say) that if we impose this tariff
upon marble imported from Europe we ruin
their business and drive hundreds and thou-
sands of poor men out of employment. But
the Senator comes here and says that you
must impose this tariff or you will drive hun-
dreds and thousands out of employment. Of
course some decision has to be made between
these conflicting interests. I£ may be that the
report made by the committee was a mistake;
but after looking into the matter, hearing all
sides—I cannot remember now who presented
the side that has been submitted to the Senate
by the Senator from Vermont—but after hear-
ing the whole question this report was made by
the committee. I have as much reason to
believe that if this amendment of the Senator
prevails the workers in marble will he ruined
as I have to believe that if it does not prevail
those who are .engaged in producing marble in
Vermont will be ruined.
As has been suggested, I have not yet
learned—at any rate, no such representation
was made to the committee—that that business
was suffering; that those who are engaged in
producing marble at this time in Vermont or
elsewhere are engaged in an unprofitable busi-
ness. The representations made to us were
that they were unable to supply the demand
made upon them under the existing tariff.
Under the circumstances, while I should be
very happy to accommodate the gentleman
and the interest he represents, it seems to me
there may be danger of doing injury to others
in endeavoring to accommodate the persons
he represents.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Onlyaword. I will not
occupy the time of the Senate. The trouble
with my friend and the committee evidently
has been this: that in the multiplicity of their
occupations, and in the great number of parties
whom they have had before them, they have had
only one side of this question before them, and,
the other side not appearing at all, they have
taken the vague, general statements of these
gentlemen, who do not want to part with their
prolits which they enjoy in Europe toward sup-
porting this Government, for proof that there
would be a great injury, a wrong to them, if
this duty he enhanced. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to say, in
justice to the committee, they have not taken
any such foolish course. They do not take
things for granted. There has been no matter
that has come before the committee, whether
one side or the other, but they have taken spe-
cial pains to examine closely into the subject
and see the true ground of the statements
made, and arrive at a conclusion satisfactory to
our own minds. We do not do our business in
the committee in the way the Senator supposes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not say the com-
mittee took anything for granted ; I said that
the committee evidently acted upon vague rep-
resentations rather than upon data, because I
invite either of my friends on that committee
now to tell this Senate if they can what is the
invoice cost of Cararra marble, not the stat-
uary, but the other marble, that is imported
into the city of New York. I wish to know
what the data they had before them were upon
which it was made manifest to them that these
Italians are going to be ruined if they pay a
dollar a cubic foot and diminish their profits.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will say to the Senator
that there was a printed memorial submitted
to the committee (I supposed when he com-
menced the discussion that I had it in my
drawer, but I am not able to lay my hand on
it now ;) there was an elaborate memorial that
contained all the figures necessary to make it
appear that those persons would be ruined in
case this tariff was imposed. As to their be-
ing Italians, I can only say they speak the
English language and appeared to be Amer-
icans.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no doubt that
they had a printed memorial, and that was the
evidence upon which the committee appear to
have proceeded—the statistics in this printed
memorial, which is not now forthcoming. I
venture to say that if my friend from Oregon,
whose reputation as a good lawyer is very high,
and justly, had cross-examined one of those
gentlemen a little, and had asked him defi-
nitely what was the invoice price, the sworn
invoice price, of these marbles in the city of
New York, and then had asked him what was
the price the same men got for the same mar-
ble in the city of New York, he would have
found that where the invoice price may have
been a little above two dollars, including all
costs and charges and everything, as I have
stated, the price that the dealer got for his
marble exceeded five dollars. Therefore, if
he had spent a little of his skill in cr'oss-exam -
ining that man he would have demonstrated
that he ought to share with the Government a
little more of the enormous profits he was
making. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resultou—yeas 13, nays 22; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Creswell, Dixon, Ed-
munds, Fogg, Fowler, Frelinghuysen. Harris, Hen-
dricks, Poland, Spraguc, Wade, and Willey—13.
NAYS — Messrs. Buekalew, Cattell, Conness,
Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Fessenden, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Lane, Morgan, Norton, Patterson, Ramsey,
Riddle, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van
"Winkle. Williams, and Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, "Brown, Cragin, Fos-
ter, Guthrie, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood,
McDougall, Morrill, NesmitU, Nye, Pomeroy, Ross,
Saulsbury, and Yates—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DAYIS. I move to strike out " twenty-
five" and insert "fifty" in line nine, page 22 ;
so as to read:
"On Russia, Manila, Italian,and all other hempS,
unmanufactured, fifty dollars per ton."
Mr. President, I take it for granted that this
is a measure both for revenue and for pro-
tection of American industry. If it be so, the
advantages and the burdens of the bill ought to
bear as equally upon the great interests in the
country as practicable, according to the par-
ticular condition of those great interests and
their necessity for protection and their ability
to bear taxation. I have not made the calcu-
lation myself, but a friend of mine, who is very
judicious and accurate, has, and he informs me
that the average rate of protection secured by
this bill will amount to something like seventy-
five per cent.—not less than seventy-five per
cent. The amendment which I have proposed
bears upon the Russia, Manila, Italian, and all
other hemps unmanufactured, and proposes to
increase the duty from twenty-five dollars to
fifty dollars per ton.
These hemps are not discriminated among
by the provision in the bill. We all know
though, or at least persons familiar with the
subject of hemp know, that by being hackled
or dressed its value is greatly increased.
Hemp may be produced by all the northwestern
States of the United States as extensively as
by Kentucky and Missouri. There is no State
in the Northwest, from its climate and soil, but
what is well calculated for the production of
hemp and flax. The capacity of our country to
produce this article is adequate to the demands
of the whole world. The Kentucky and Mis-
souri hemp at present average from two hun-
dred and forty to two hundred and seventy-five
dollars per ton. The duty imposed by this bill
upon hemp amounts to about ten per cent,
average, while the average duty upon the
articles protected by the bill is at least seventy-
five per cent. The dnty upon this important
article of hemp, forthe production of which the
capacity of the country is without limit, is only
ten per cent. My proposition is simply to
double the protection, which would be equiva-
lent to a rate of about twenty per cent, oa the
cost of the foreign article. If the hemp-grow-
ing regions of the country and the hemp-grow-
ers of the country are to receive anything like
an equal and pro rata protection the rate
imposed by the clause under consideration is
surely greatly inadequate.
Gentlemen who are interested in this bill,
and the interests of whose country and consti-
tuents are protected by it, must consent to make
the bill to some extent reciprocal. Something
like the same protection, approaching it at
least, which they receive, they must be willing
to concede to others, or else they cannot ex-
pect the support of those Senators the interests
of whose constituents they are unwilling to have
protected to anything like the same degree that
theirs are. I therefore hope that as the in-
creased protection which I propose is so mod-
erate and. does not approximate anything like
the average pro rata protection of the bill
generally, the Senate will adopt my amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The idea which pre-
vailed with the committee in establishing these
duties can be very readily stated. This item
is left where it was before. It has not been
changed. We thought the true way to en-
courage the growing was to increase the manu-
facture as much as possible, and the bill was
framed with a view to that. The commis-
sioner states the facts he ascertained by an
examination of the evidence on the subject:
"An inquiry respecting t*ho development and con-
dition of the flax-manufacturing industry of tho
United States instituted by the commissioner has
clearly established the following points: first, lhat
the revival of the flax culture for lint followed, and
did not precede, the establishment of flax rae.nutao-
tories; and secondly, that an increased price and an
increased demand for flax has been almost coexten-
sive with the extension of establishments for its man-
ufacture. Prior to 1856 the best' water' to ' dew-rot-
ted'flax raised in New York or JNew Jersey could
readily be purchased for seven or ten cents per pound;
the same article now commands a ready sale at from
twenty to twenty-live cents per pound.
'* The increase in price for American hemp is even
more striking. Thus, the average price of hemp from
1840 to 1850 ranged from eighty to one hundred dol-
lars per ton; but with the establishment of manu-
factures for its consumption the price has gradually
advanced, until it now commands from threo hundred
to three hundred and fifty dollars per ton.
" But notwithstanding the advance during the last
ten years in the price of flax and of hemp the quan-
tity produced has never been sufficient to meet the
demands of the American manufacturer; neither has
it been possible within tho last ten years to purchase,
at any one time, any considerable amount of domestic
flax in open market. The fiber of American flax is
in the main adapted only for the production of the
coarser yarns and fabrics; a result which follows
necessarily from the conditions of its culture."
It is shown, then, that under the existing
rates of duty, which were lower before 1864, I
believe, than they are now, the price of Amer-
ican hemp has increased very largely, rising
from eighty or one hundred dollars a ton to
three hundred or three hundred and.fifty; and
the increased price is owing to the increase of
manufactures. Now, is it advisable, in view
of that increase, to put so heavy a duty as the
Senator proposes when the American hemp is
not sufficient to supply the market? If you
check the manufacture of the finer articles that
are manufactured from it, will you not be likely
to injure the increase of the growth of hemp ?
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] suggests
that the production has fallen off on account
of the unsettled condition of Kentucky and
Missouri; but there is a very great, demand fof
all they can raise at large prices, and they can-
not supply the demand, no matter what it is
owing to.
Mr. GRIMES. That is only just at this
moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But there is a demand
for all they can raise, and if we undertake to
