6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December S,
modification of internal revenue law.
Mr, KELLEY submitted the following res-
olution ; which, was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways aud Means
1)8 instructed to inquire into the expediency of imme-
diately repealing the provisions of the internal rev-
enue law whereby a tax of five per cent, is imposed
on the products of the mechanical and manufacturing
industry of the country.
president's message.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the Clerk now
proceed to read the President's message, of
which I send a copy to the desk. [Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. The message has not yet
been officially communicated to the House.
Mr. STEVENS. The copy which I send up
is that already issued in the official paper, the
Constitutional Union, [laughter]—the paper
published by Colonel Florence. Anything em-
anating from that source must, I presume, be
authentic. [Renewed laughter.] However, I
withdraw the motion.
appointments of postmasters.
Mr. WARNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Reads be instructed to inquire whether any
appointments of postmasters have been made, or
whether any postmasters now acting as such now
hold the commissions or perform the duties of post-
master, in violation of section twenty-six of the act
entitled " An act to chango the organization of the
Post Office and to provide more effectually for the
settlement of the accounts thereof," passed July 2,
1836, with authority to report by bill or otherwise.
meeting os the next congress.
Mr. GARFIELD. I offer for action at the
present time a bill to fix the time for the meet-
ing of the next Congress. It provides that
after the expiration of the present session the
next meeting of Congress shall be at noon on
the first Monday of March next.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope it will be ordered
to be printed and made the special order for
Tuesday next with my own proposition.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire action now, and
demand the previous question.
Mr. FINCK. Has it been regularly intro-
duced?
The SPEAKER. If when introduced objec-
tion had been made that notice had not been
given of its introduction, it would not have
been in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope it
will be referred.
Mr. GARFIELD. At the suggestion of
seveftl gentlemen, I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
john gray.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill for the
relief of John Gray; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
compensation of members.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask leave to
introduce a bill to repeal so much of the act of
Congress, approved July 28,1866, as increases
the compensation of Senators, Representatives,
and Delegates in Congress.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 object, as proper notice
has not been given.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I movetosus-
pend the rules, and on that motion demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. .
The rules were not suspended.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better
adjourn. * .
The SPEA KER. The committee appointed
to wait on the President has reported that he
was ready to communicate with Congress to-day.
The House refused to adjourn.
impeachments.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed t :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be,
and are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of providing by general law a mode of pro-
cedure for trial of all cases of impeachment before
the Senate, and that said committee report by bill
or otherwise.
equalization of bounties.
Mr. SCHENCK introduced the following
bill:
A bill to equalize the bounties of soldiers, sailors, and
marines who served in the late war for the Union.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That, instead of any grant of land or other
bounty, there shall be allowed and paid to each and
every soldier, jailor, and marine who faithfully
served as suck m the Army, Navy, or Marine cofps
of the United States, and who has been, or who may
hereafter be, honorably discharged from such ser-
vice, the sum of eight and one third dollars per
month, or at the rate of $100 per year, as hereinafter
provided, for all the time diiring which such soldier,
sailor, or marine actually so served, between the
12th day of April, 1861, and the 19th day of April,
1865. And in the case of any such soldier, sailor, or
marine, discharged from the service on account of
wounds received in battle, or while engaged in the
line of his duty, the said allowance of county shall
be computed and paid up to the end of the term of
service for which his enlistment was made. And in
case of the death of any such soldier, sailor* or ma-
rine,while in the service,orin cas«of his death after
the discharge and before the end of his term of en-
listment, if discharged on account of being wounded,
as provided, the allowance ftDd payment shall be
made to his widow if she has not been remarried, or
if there be no widow, then to the minor child or
children of the deceased who may be under sixteen
years of age.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in computing
and ascertaining the bounty to be paid to any soldier,
sailor, or marine, or his proper representatives, under
the provisions of this act, there shall be deducted
therefrom any and all bounties already paid, or pay-
able under existing laws, by the United States, or by
any State; county, city, town, or other municipal
organization, or by any voluntary association, so that
in no case shall the aggregate amount of bounty
allowed and paid from all sources exceed eight and
one third dollars for cach month of actual faithful
service, or at the rate of $100 per year. And in the
case of any sailor or marine to whom prize money has
been paid, or is payable, the amount of such prize
money Bhall also oe deducted, and only such amount
of bounty paid as shall, together with such prize
money and any other bounty paid or payable by the
United States, or by any State, county, city, town,
or other municipal organization, or by any volun-
tary association, amount in the aggregate to the sum
allowed by this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no bounty,
underthe provisions of this act, shall be paid to or on
account of any soldier, sailor, or marine who served
as a substitute in either the Army or Navy, or who
was a captured prisoner of war at tho time of his en-
listment, nor to any one who was discharged on his
own application or request, prior to the 9th day of
April, 1865, unless such discharge was obtained with
a view to reenlistment, or to accept promotion m the
military or naval service of the United States, or to
be transferred from one branch of the military ser-
vice to another, and such person did actually so
reenlist or accept promotion or was so transferred.
And no bounty shall be paid to any soldier, sailor,
or marine, discharged on the application or at the
request of parents, guardians, or other persons, or on
the ground of minority. ,
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That every peti-
tion or application for bounty made under the pro-
visions of this act shall disclose and state specifically
under oath, and under the pains and penalties of
perjury, what amount of bounty, either from the
United States or from any other source, and what
amount of prize money, if any, has been paid or is
payable to the soldier, sailor, or marine, by whom or
by whose representatives the claim is made.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted,, That whenever
application shall be made by any claimant, through
any attorney or agent, the post office address of the
claimant shall be furnished, giving the name of the
county and State in which it is situated, and the
amount of commission or fee which the attorney or
agent is to receive for his service in the settlement
of the claim, which charges in no case shall exceed
the sum of five dollars; and every such application
shall be accompanied by the written affidavit of the
attorney or agent, that he has not charged, nor
agreed for, and will not accept more than such sum
of five dollars for his services in the case. The Pay-
master General, or proper accounting officer of the
Treasury, upon ascertaining the amount due, shall
cause to be transmitted to such claimant the full
amount thereof, less the fee to be paid to the attorney
or agent, whieh fee shall be paid to the said attorney
or agent in person, or transmitted/to such address as
the attorney may direct.
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted. That any attorney
or agent who shall receive from any claimant a sum
greater than five dollars for the prosecution of any
claim under the provisions of this act, upon convic-
tion thereof shall pay a fine not to exceed the sum
of $1,000, or imprisonment for a term not less than
one year, or both, as the court or jury may adjudge,
and shall beYorever thereafter excluded from prose-
cuting claims of any nature whatever against the
Government of the united States,
Sec. 7. And be it further exacted, That in case the
payments shall be made in the form of a check,
order, or draft upon any paymaster, national bank,
or Government depository in or near the district
wherein the claimant may reside, it shall be neces*
sary for the claimant to establish-, by the affidavits
of two credible witnesses, that he is the identical
person named therein; but in no case shall such
checks, -orders* or drafts be made negotiable until
after such identification.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That it shall not
be lawful for any soldier, sailor, or marine to trans-
fer, assign, barter, or sell his discharge, final state-
ment, descriptive list, or other papers, for the pur-
pose of transferring, assigning, bartering, or selling
any interest in any bounty under the provisions of
void as to any rights intended so to be conveyed by
any such soldier, sailor, or marine.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That no adjust-
ment or payment of any claim of any soldier, sailor,
or marine, or of his proper representatives, under
the provisions of this act, shall be made unless the
application be filed within two years from the pas-
sage of the act; and the settlement of accounts of
deceased soldiers, sailors, and marines shall be made
ia the same manner as now provided by law.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That sections
twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, and sixteen of an
act making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,1867,
and for other purposes, approved July 28,1866, are
hereby repealed. But if any money shall have been
paid to any person under the provisions of said sec-
tion so repealed, the amount thereof shall be deducted
in each case by the proper accounting officer from
any sum to be allowed under this act. And any
application made for allowance of bounty under the
said act of July 28,1866, with all the evidence and
papers submitted therewith, shall be taken and. con-
sidered as filed under the requirements of this act,
and shall be used hereunder for the benefit of the
applicant as far as the same may be applicable.
The bill was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
G. e. pickett.
Mr. SCHENCK also introduced the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to;
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be respectfully requested to communicate to this
House, if not in his opinion incompatible with the
public interests, the information &sked for in a reso-
lution of this House dated the 23d June last, and
which resolution he has up to this time failed to an-
swer, as to whether any application has been made
to him for the pardon of G. E.Pickett, who acted as
a major general of the rebel forces in the late war
for the suppression of insurrection, and if so, what
has been the action thereon; and also to communi-
cate copies of all papers, entries, indorsements, and
other documentary evidence in relation to any pro-
ceeding in connection with such application; and
that he also inform this House whether, since the
adjournment at Raleigh, North Carolina, on the 30th
of March last, of the last board or court of inquiry,
convened to investigate the facts attending the hang-
ing of a number of United States soldiers for alleged
desertion from the rebel army, any further measures
have been taken to bring the said Pickett or other
perpetrators of that crime to punishment.
Mr. BCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was referred; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mexico.
Mr. McEEE. I submit the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to this House, if in his opinion not incom-
patible with the public interest, any correspondence
or other information in the possession of the Gov-
ernment relative to the present condition of affairs
in our sister republic of Mexico, and specially any
letters of the minister at Washington.
Mr. BANKS. I hope it wiU be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I have no
doubt the information will be sent with the
President's message.
Mr. McKEE. 1 move to suspend the rules.
The rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was laid Over for one day.
preemption laws.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill atnendatory
of the preemption laws, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
independent c.ompany of exsmpts.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Captain Robert
Hamilton's independent company of exempts
r of West Virginia volunteer infantry; which
