1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
check the manufacture by imposing a high
duty the result will be a falling off in the price
of the article. Now, while I am perfectly will-
ing to put upon hemp any duty that it is de-
monstrated ought to go on to it for the protec-
tion of the grower and to have it raised in this
country I do not think it advisable to place so
large a duty as is here proposed.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, per-
haps it would be improper in me to advocate
any increase of duties whatever on the bill now
pending, for. the reason fhat I think the duties
are high enough generally; but if there is to be
an increase at all, I cannot see why there should
not be an increase on this article. The chair-
man of the Finance Committee labors under
some mistake in reference to the gradual rise
in the price of hemp. Hemp in March, 1865,
if I remember aright, could have been pur-
chased in the western markets at from one
hundred and forty-five to one hundred and
fifty-five dollars per ton. Pressed hemp is now
worth from three hundred to three hundred
and ten dollars, and the tow of hemp is worth
perhaps as much in the market at St. Louis or
Cincinnati to-day as the finest article of hemp
undressed in March, 1865 ; but if the Senator
intends by his remarks to leave the impression
that this increase of price is in consequence
of the manufacture of the article in this country
he is sadly mistaken. The manufacture of hemp
in this country has not increased much, if at
all, since 1865, in the sense used by the Senator.
The price has been controlled by the demand.
During the war hemp ruled very low. In this
respect it differed from most raw materials.
During the same time the manufactures of
hemp ruled, and for the same cause. While
the demand for cotton and woolen fabrics was
great, the demand for the hemp product was
light.
The very fact that gave us cheap cotton
tended to advance the price of hemp. At the
close of the war there was a large quantity of
cotton in the southern States that liad to be
baled, and all efforts to procure a substitute
for baling cotton having proved unavailing,
when the rebellion closed the article of hemp
had a demand. It was needed for the bagging
and rope necessary to bale the cotton of the
southern States. I am satisfied that this tem-
Eorary demand which has put up the price of
emp will very soon materially fall off. I do
not look to a very large cotton crop in the
southern States this year under the system it
now seems likely we shall adopt. My impres-
sion i^that there will be a very small growth
of cotton, andlthiuk thcfactswill demonstrate
it when the autumn of the present year shall
have arrived. I believe the House bill pro-
poses a duty of forty-five dollars a ton on Ma-
nila hemp.
Mr. FES§ENDEN. No, they made no
change in that duty. Forty-five dollars a ton
was put on unmanufactured flax and hackled
flax. The commissioner proposed twenty dol-
lars, and we put it at twenty-five dollars, where
it was before. The House proposed no change.
Mr. HENDERSON. On that point I am
mistaken. But if the Senator's argument is
correct, that the only way to protect the raw
material is to build up manufactures whereby
there will be a demand created for the raw
material, I would suggest that that plan be
adopted in regard to wool and all other mate-
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator^isun-
derstands me. I said that was not J,he policy
of the bill, but its policy was to put on a suffi-
cient protection to encourage the working of
the raw material. I said that while that is done
the true protection is to build up manufactures
to use the article—make a demand for'the arti-
cle, in other words. I do not reject the idea,
the Senate does not reject the idea, of protect-
ing raw materials.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think, then, we
should have something likei equality of taxa-
tion. I was about to remark that on manu-
factures in this bill there is a tax of from sixty
to one hundred and thirty percent, ad valorem,
and on the raw material the tax is generally
quite small. The great disproportion in rates
is perhaps subject to criticism. The dispro-
portion in this very article is too great. The
Senator knows perfectly well that the increase
upon many articles of manufacture is large in
this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Upon some, and upon
others not.
Mr. HENDERSON. It will make perhaps
an average increase of not less than from
twenty to twenty-five per cent, on the gross
amount of importations that may be made un-
der it. The precise increase cannot, of course,
be known without actual test or trial. But
while I am up I desire to express the wish
that the distinguished Senator from Maine will
consent very soon, at least after he shall have
perfected the bill according to his-notions and
the wishes of the Committee on Finance, to
postpone it for at least a week or ten days, un-
til we can ascertain what the House of Repre-
sentatives will do and what we ourselves intend
to do upon the internal revenue policy.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House is waiting for
our action on this bill to determine what they
will do on that question.
Mr. HENDERSON. Itseemsto me strange
that the House will wait for the Senate to act
upon the tariff bill. I have been here for four
or five years and I have been called on every
year to vote for an increase of excise duties to
provide the needed revenue for the Government,
and immediately after voting that increase I
have been called upon by the distinguished
Senator from Maine and his committee to vote
for advanced tariff rates to protect the manu-
facturer or producer against the consequences
of such increase and save him from inevi-
table ruinous competition, and I have generally
obeyed the summons and so voted. At the
last session of Congress, however, a moment
of relief came to my mind. The war was over.
Gold had declined so as to inspire hopes of
early resumption. The Government expendi-
tures, which during the war had reached an
almost fabulous sum, began now to assume more
familiarproportions. The moment had arrived,
in my judgment, to reduce taxation in every
form. Business had groaned under its burdens
for four years. The only thing that had been
left to business was hope.
The crushing weight of taxation had been
borne by a patriotic people in the midst of a
great war because it.was a duty, and they did
not ask to put aside any duty. But so soon as
the terrible necessity should pass away they
had a right to expect and did expect relief.
They expected the crushing, dnplieated bur-
dens of internal taxation to be removed, as far
as could be done consistent with the public
faith and the ordinary operations of the Gov-
ernment'under a most prudent and economical
administration of its several departments.
The House at the last session partially re-
sponded to that demand. The Senate promptly
concurred in the bill to reduce excise duties.
It was a great measure of relief even as it
passed, but it should have gone further in the
same direction. The taxes should have been
further reduced. We do not need to extort
$300,000,000 annually from the oppressed do-
mestic industry of the country. The internal
revenue law, even with this reduction, yields
more money than is needed, unless we have
resolved to pay off immediately the public debt.
But when this reduction had been made I
had supposed that the exorbitant duties made
necessary, as I had been told, by t^e collection
of internal taxes could be reduced also; at
least I did not suppose that the arguments en-
forced against me for four years would now jn a
moment be reversed, and that reduced excises
must be followed by higher customs duties.
But such was the fact. The tariff bill sent to
us the last session proposed an advance^ on
previous rates of not less than forty to sixty
per cent. The Senate postponed its consider-
ation until this session, and we are now con-
sidering a measure increasing existing rates,
not fifty ppr cent,, but from twenty to thirty
per cent. While we thus debate the measure
here, and day by day add to the rates pro-
posed even by the committee, because of the
local demands here and there—coal in Main-
land, hoes in Connecticut, zinc in New Jersey,
asphaltum and Albertite in West Virginia, cop-
per and salt in Michigan, marble in Vermont,
and now hemp in Kentucky and Missouri, (and
this last is perhaps the most reasonable demand
yet made)—webutadd, in myjudgment, aggra-
vation to the evils under which the country
complains. The evil, it occurs to me, is in-
flated prices, the cost of living. The business
of the country is, as it were, on stilts, and
therefore unstable and constantly struggling to
preserve its equilibrium. This measure pro-
poses to lengthen the stilts, to increase prices,
to add to the expenses of the operative, mak-
ing it necessary for increased wages without
benefit to the laborer. The true remedy seems
to be in another direction : to reduce inter-
nal taxes would seem to be the proper remedy.
But now when I ask the postponement of this
measure, to consider first domestic duties and
then adjust the tariff accordingly, as we have
heretofore done, the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] tells me that the House is waiting
for us to pass this, the tariff law, before they act
on the question that naturally should precede
our action.
Mr. President, I may not again trouble the
Senate on this tariff measure, and while on
my feet I wish to suggest to Senators having
charge of it that the country will ask for what
purpose it is pressed forward. Is it a revenue
measure, as intimated by the Senator from
Ohio, or is it intended, as intimated by some
others, to inaugurate a policy of total exclu-
sion of all traffic with foreign nations? If it
be designed as a revenue measure, it may be
well to inquire, first, what amount of revenue
we need, and second, whether the pending
measure is better calculated to accomplish the
end than the existing law.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
says we must have during the present year
8140,000,000 of gold to meet interest on the pub-
lic debt, and other accruing demands of about
sixteen millions, that need to be paid in gold.
We all know the amount of our public debt, and
it is easy to ascertain the amount of interest
required to be paid from year to year. The
amount cannot exceed from one hundred
and twenty to one hundred and thirty millions
in gold at the outside—say one hundred and
twenty-five millions. The Senator informed
us that the present law would not furnish the
needed amount. We may best judge of the
future by examining the past. The Senator told
us that the duties would fall off, but if he gave
any reason for the statement I am not aware
of it.
For the fiscal year ending June 80,1866, the
present tariff yielded a revenue of §179,046,-
C51 58, which is §39,000,000 more, according
to his own estimate, than will be needed by the
Government. For the first three months of
the present fiscal year ending September 30,
1866, the tariff yielded $50,843,744 24. Should
the same average yield continue the amount
received for the year will be upward of. two
hundred and three millions. But lest it be
said that this argument is unfair I present the
receipts for the first five months of the fiscal
year ending December 1, 1866, from which it
willappearthatthetariff yielded 5578,843,774 26.
It will be seen that proportionate receipts for
the remaining seven months will give for the
year $189,225,058 20. But if the Senator says
that the laws of trade are such as to prevent a
proportionate increase for the remaining seven
months, I answer that the first six months of
the last fiscal year, under the present law, the
customs receipts were §S6.225,921 42, and for
the remaining six months corresponding with
the time yet to elapse of the present fiscal year
our receipts' were $92,820,730 16, giving arj
advantage to the latter half of the fiscal year
of §6,500,000. I therefore conclude thatj
if revenue be the object, the present lavift
will yield from fortv to fifty millions more than
