ra
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26*,
is necessary for all the demands of the Gov-
ernment, It is certain that the present law
will accomplish all that the Senator desires.
He founded his argument in'favor of the pro-
posed measure upon the supposition that it will
yield a larger revenue. I now ask him, if such
is to be the result, whether that fact of itself is
not a sufficient objection to the bill. He only
wants gold enough to pay the interest on the
national debt. To be consistent he must op-
pose any law that pays more, for his object,
like mine, is to relieve the country from taxa-
tion. Others, however, may say (the Senator
from Ohio does not) that the purpose is to ob-
tain as large a revenue upon a smaller aggre-
gate importation of goods.
This is perhaps what may be termed the
principle of protection. Clearly this bill is not
a revenue measure; it must be put on other
grounds. From 1842 to 18-10 a tariff of thirty-
three peiycent. was supposed to be almost pro-
hibitive in its character, and was supplanted
by the lower tariff of 1846, which, with an
average duty of twenty-four and a half per
cent., continued for ten years, bringing unex-
ampled prosperity to every department of busi-
ness, no less to the manufacturer than to tlje
agriculturist. May 3, 1857, a further reduction
of aggregate duties took place; and for four
years, under a tariff of twenty and a quarter
per cent., we enjoyed the highest degree of
prosperity. During the year 1860 the cotton
manufacturers of this country exported nearly
$10,000,000 worth of cotton fabrics; in 1801
they exported nearly $7,000,000, while,jn 1866
they exported barely $1,000,000 worth. In
the two years of 1860 and 18G1 the coppcr and
brass manufacturers exported near $-4,000,000
worth, and in 1806 only $110,208. In the year
1860 the manufacturers of tobacco exported
$8,372,074 worth of tobacco; in 1866 they
exported $1,704,688. In 1860 the manufac-
turers of wood exported $2,703,095 worth of
wares, and in 1866 $720,625. In reference to
the effect on other industrial interests' I sub-
mit an extract from the very able report of Mr.
Wells, the special commissioner of the revenue:
"Ten years ago the American manufacturer sup-
plied, to a considerable extent, fur hats to the Mexi-
can, Cuban, and Soutn American markets; to-day lie
supplies comparatively none. Why? Because the
duty on foreign fur, the raw material of hismanufac-
turo, has prevented the American from competing
with the foreign producer. Thirty years ago tho
manufacture of broadcloth constituted from iifty to
sixty per cent, of the whole woolen business of tho
United States; now, it is not probably in excess of
five per cent. Why? Because American legislation
has not permitted the importation of broadcloth
wools, and tho American agriculturists have produced
nothing to tako their place, and never will until the
successful establishment of the bioadcloth industiy
in the United States has crcated a constant home
demand for ' broadcloth' wools."
As to the effect of this new order of protec-
tive policy upon the commercial interests of
the country I submit the following extract
from the same report:
"A reference to the official returns shows the
amount of American registered tonnage engaged
in foreign trade in 1865 and 1868 to have been but
ono million and a half tons, (1,492,921,) as compared
with two and a half million' tons (2,516,237) in 1859
and 1860; which, allowing for the difference between
the old and new incasuiements, indicates a decrease
in five years of over fifty per cent. In 1853 the ton-
nagosof the United States was about fifteen per cent,
in excess of that of Great Britain, while at the pres-
ent time it i3 estimated at thirty-three per cent. less.
"An examination of theoffioial returasofthecoast-
wise and inland commerce, allowance beingmadefor
tho difference of measurement, also shows a decrease
in this branch of about twelve j>cr cent. It should,
however, be stated, that a part of this reduction is
probably due to the substitution of steamers for sail-
ing vessels.
" Out of one hundred and ninety-one American
vessels engaged in the Brazilian or South American
trado in 1861 and 1862 but thirty are reported as re-
maining ; while the number of foreign vessols engaged
in the same trado has during the same time in-
creased nearly threefold."
From these facts it might be inferred that
the manufacturers themselves would cease to
clamor for additional protection. If they pros-
pered under a tariff of twenty per cent, it may
well be asked why they complam with the pres-
ent tariff, which gives them an average protec-
tion of fifty per cent, in coin. In this there is
nothing strange. It might be asked why the
inebriate, whose frame has been shattered by
draughts from'the intoxicating bowl, "yet thirsts
for' that which has well-nigh destroyed him.
Simply because he gets temporary relief. He
who has a large stock of manufactured goods,
or even of raw materials, on hand is always
benefited by the imposition of increased duties.
The yarcl of woolen goods now worth a dollar,
with an increased duty of fifty per cent, is of
course worth $1 50. Unless this be the case
the whole idea of protection is utterly false and
chimerical. But business, like water, soon
seeks its level. The commercial and trading
world is like the spider's web: touch it at one
point and it trembles along the whole line.
You may temporarily legislate money from
one man's pocket into another's; but as
organic laws struggle against dissolution and
death, so the laws of business intercourse
struggle against injustice and wrong, which
work its destruction. The effect of increased
duties, so far as it concerns stocks of goods on
hand, is to take from the pockets of the con-
sumer and put it into those of the manufac-
turer, tho importing merchant, and the jobber
who may be fortunate enough to hold the
articles affected at the moment the law is
passed. But in a short time all departments
of business and all classes of men begin to
adapt themselves to the new order of things.
To the extent of the increased tariff there is
an increase of prices. To the extent that the
prices of living are increased the prices of
labor must be also increased, otherwise the
laborer is fleeced by the operation. As there-
is no real wealth without labor,"and as it is
the essential element in the development of
all material results in man's progress, what-
ever affects the price of labor affects also the
value of every article which labor produces.
If the prices of clothing are increased the
wages of the operative must be advanced in
the same ratio, that he may clothe himself and
his family. If the farmer pays more for his
axes, hoes, and trace-chains, his plows, his
mowers and reapers, he expects to be reim-
bursed in the sale of his agricultural products.
If this be not so, than all tariff laws are but
legalized plunder. Indeed, those who ask for
protection expect its realization in enhanced
prices, and insist, that the increase will be felt
in every department of industry. If this argu-
'mcnt be correct, it will be seen that what is
called protection soon loses its force beyond
the temporary benefits that I have already
named. There is no general result except an
enhancement of prices. It is apparent, then,
that the first great object to be attained is
uniformity in legislation. You cannot change
the law of taxation without benefiting some-
body, and to that very extent somebody else
is injured. Change deranges the laws of trade,
produces failures, destroys public confidence,
and more than all decreases the citizen's
respect for his Government. Sot only then,
the general interests of the public, but the
higher claims of justice and fair dealing to
each individual demand uniformity in our
legislation on these delicate questions of taxa-
tion.
Another objection to an increase of the pres-
ent exorbitant rates consists in the fact that
when duties are so high, the slightest deviation
from a rule of perfect equality is well calcu-
lated to prostrate one interest entirely, thereby
destroying perhaps an important element of
national wealth and individual industry while
another is unduly stimulated. In this way one
section of our country may even unwittingly
be made to prosper while another is oppressed.
Even our errors may work ruin before the cause
of decay is developed and the remedy can be
applied. Another objection exists which the
honest manufacturer will reeognize at once.
It applies to all unreasonable taxes, whether
excise or impost. We now have an excise tax
of two dollars per gallon on whisky. It costs
from twenty to thirty cents per gallon to man-
ufacture it. Its chief cost is found in the tax.
The inducements to fraud are so great that our
citizens, like the Irish people, begin to burrow
in the earth to make it. To such an extent is
it now produced in fraud of the revenue that
it can be and is purchased, I learn, in open
market in New York city at from $1 60 to $1 80
per gallon with the Government brand of "tax;
paid." This is not exceptional, but the rule.
How can the honest producer live? It is stated
by the gentleman whom we appointed to invest-
igate matters connected with this subject that
propositions are made to importers to lay down
stocks of dry goods in New York at twenty per
cent, on the prime cost in Europe. With an
impost tax of one hundred per cent, he who
buys of the smuggler instead of the honest
importer $100,000 worth of goods makes
$80,000 clear by the transaction.
These temptations will not be resisted. The
country will be filled with non-tax-paying com-
modities,. commercial centers will reek with
fraud and corruption, and the honest merchant
and the tax-paying manufacturer has to choose
between loss of business and loss of integrity.
No doubt many will consent to lose their busi-
ness and sacrifice capital invested. These will
be conscientious men whom self-interest can-
not tempt. But are all men beyond its reach?
Unfortunately our legislation cannot yet be
based on any such idea.
But, Mr. Prfesident, my chief objection to
this measure is that it induces the necessity for
continuing our present rates of internal taxa-
tion. It is evidently framed for that purpose.
To decrease the excise taxes after the passage
of this measure will in many respects aggravate
present evils. To prescribe for a disease the
physigian must understand its character. To
give palliatives may extend present relief, too
often to be followed by increased violence of
pain. It is best to remove the cause of dis-
ease. When that is done the patient necessa-
rily recovers. The wise statesman must adopt
the same rule. When national complaints are
brought before him he should examine care-
fully the symptoms in order to ascertain their
origin and cause. He will not indulge in tem-
porary expedients, but proceed at once to strilce
at the root of the disease.
What are the complaints in this case? Our
manufacturers tell us that they are oppressed
by the excise taxes added to the high price of
American labor to such an extent that the
cheaper labor of Europe can undersell them in
our own markets, even after paying .our pres-
ent high rates of duty.
In other words, the European manufacturer
can sell his products for one half of the cost of
the American product. In the first j^ice is
this so? If it be so, what is the eapse of it?
The present price of gold in our market fur-
nishes no solution of this difficulty. Ifgold were
worth 200 instead of 1341 could readily perceive
that the price of the American manufacture
should be nominally double that of the Euro-
pean at their respective places of production.
But it should be remembered that when the
American importer comes to pay for the for-
eign article he must pay for it in gold or its
equivalent. Hence if gold is worth 2Q0 in cur-
rency* he must use two dollars for one in the
payment. That it seems would put the foreign
and domestic manufacturer upon an equal
footing. It is true the one paid for his mate-
rials and labor in gold and hence used only,
one half of the amount used by the other, but
the intrinsic value of each should be the same.
If it be said that the European operative re-
ceives but a dollar per day, while the Ameri-
can operative receives twe*, it is to be presumed
that the otfte dollar purchases as much food
and raiment for the European mechanic as the
two dollars purchase for the .American me-
chanic. But as gold is only worth thirty-four
per cent, premium, labor and materials enter-
ing into the American fabric should cost the
American manufacturer only thirty-four per
cent, more than they cost the'European manu-
facturer.
If they cost him more than thirty-four per
cent, advance there are causes for it peculiar
to our own country, causes which do not oper-
ate in Europe. To the extent of that increased
