8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
2. Whether any number of said French troops has
been withdrawn in accordance with that announce-
ment.
3. Whether, if, as it appears, no troops have been
withdrawn, the French Emperor has offered any ex-
planation or apolgy for his course, or whether he has
proposed a different understanding by which the
withdrawal will be delayed.
4. What action, if any, the Government has taken
to see that understanding carried out.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I doubt
whether it is expedient to proceed to the con-
sideration of that resolution now. It seems to
m'e, all things considered, that it would be
advisable to refer the resolution to-the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. It touches a very
important question; and the Senate, even in
listening to it, as they have now that it has been
read from the desk, must be' struck by some of
the language that is employed. I do not" pre-
sume now to criticise it; I do not know that
the language may not be proper; but I have
my doubts; and under the circumstances it
seems to me that the resolution had better lie
on the table until our committees are formed,
and that the resolution should then be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator make a motion ?
Mr. SUMNER. Under the circumstances
I think it not advisable to take up the resolu-
tion. If it should be taken up, I should feel
bound to move that it lie on the table until the
formation of the committees, so that it might
be properly considered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the resolution
will be taken up. It is a mere resolution of
inquiry on a subject of deep interest to the
country. There is nothing m it, I think, to
which exception can be taken. I hope the
resolution will be taken up and acted upon.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope the Senate of
the United States will not aao£>t a resolution
couched in such language. I know the hon-
orable mover did not mean to use language
that one Government ought not to present to
another; but on inspection it will be found that
the words he uses are such as one Government
ought not to use to another; for instance, it
inquires whether the Emperor of the French
has offered an apology. I am satisfied that I
have made my objection sufficiently to the
Senate without offering another word. There
is language in that resolution that I cannot
vote for.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate now proceed to the
consideration of the resolution which has just
been read?
Mr. SUMNER. I say again that I hope at
this day the Senate will not proceed with its
consideration. I have no desire to avoid a
discussion of the topics in that resolution on
any proper occasion. The Senate is aware
that the President at some length has stated
what he has done on the matters referred to
in that resolution; in short, to a certain extent
he has anticipated that resolution, and he has
announced to us that he will communicate or
has communicated the correspondence on the
subjeet. - Under those circumstances I do not
think it advisable that we should to-day adopt
a resolution the language of which, I think,
has not been carefully considered; and under
the circumstances 1 think it advisable^ that it
should pass under th<? eye of a committee of
this body.
The motion to take up the resolution was
not agreed to.
POWER OS AMNESTY AND PARDON.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No,. 828. m .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title
of the bill will be read for information.
The Secretary. "A bill to repeal section
thirteen of an act to suppress insurrection,
to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the property of rebels, and for other
purposes, approved July 17, 1862."
Mr. SUMNER. Let the bill be read, so
that we may .see what is in it.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
lie it enacted, Sc., That the thirteenth section of an
aet entitled "An act to suppress insurrection, to pun-
ish treason and rebellion-, to seize and confiscate the
property of rebels, and for otherpurposes,"approved
July 17,1862, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have that
thirteenth section read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the section referred to in the bill is asked
for. It will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
"Sec. 13 And be it further enacted. That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized, at any time hereafter, by
proclamation, to extend to persons who may have
participated in the existing rebellion in any State or
part thereof, pardon and amnesty, with such excep-
tions and at such time and on such conditions as he
may deem expedientfor the public welfare."
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I have
some doubts whether it was necessary in the
first instance for Congress to pass the section
which it is now proposed to repeal. The power
of pardon is given by the Constitution to. the
Executive; and the only necessity'for the ori-
ginal act now sought to be repealed was a doubt,
I suppose, whether under that power the Pres-
ident of the United States could pardon all, in
the form of a general amnesty. I am not pre-
pared to say whether he could or could not do
it; but it is a question that is certainly open
for deliberation. If he could do it under the
Constitution as it is, the original act was wholly
unnecessary; but if he could not do it under
the Constitution, without the authority of Con-
gress, in the form in which Congress author-
ized him to do it, by a declaration of general
amnesty, he could certainly issue a pardon to
every one of the parties whomight stand in a
situation requiring to be pardoned. Over that
power of course Congress has no control. Prac-
tically, the question is of little or no moment,
I suppose; for the President has issued no
general amnesty. The amnesty which he has
issued is less extensive than that which was
issued by his predecessor. But, at any rate,
under the circumstanccs, I submit to the Sen-
ate, as there is no occasion now for prompt
action, whether it is not advisable that this bill,
relating to a very important question of con-
stitutional power, should go to some commit-
tee, either the Judiciary Committee, if the Sen-
ate should think that proper, or some other
committee selected by the Senate. I hope that,
instead of being acted on now, it will take that
course; and if nobody else makes the motion,
I move, as the committees are not yet ap-
pointed, that the bill lie on the table to be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
when that committee shSll haye been appointed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that the bill has not yet been taken
up. The motion is that the Senate now proceed
to its consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON. If it be taken up I shall
make the motion which I have indicated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know, sir,
that I shall not be in favor of passing this bill
as it' stands ; but it is unnecessary that I
should say anything on that subject at the
present time. My conviction is, and has been
for some time, that no bill ought to be allowed
to pass .the Senate without having previously
been examined and considered by a committee
of the body. It is true that of late years, since
the war commenced, we have been in the habit
of doing things with some considerable rapid-
ity, and on several occasions have passed bills
without sending them to a committee. There
may be occasions when it is admissible to do
so, when time is pressing, and it is important
to do the thing desired and it may be readily
and easily understood. But, sir, I need not
remind the Senate that on several occasions
when we have passed bills with the idea that
we understood them perfectly, we have found
afterward that we have got ourselves into dif-
ficulty and had been so unfortunate as to act
very unadvisedly and very injuriously. No
particular instance now occurs to me; but the
fact is impressed on my mind that there have
been instances of that kind, and gentlemen
will undoubtedly recollect them.
Now, sir, if I saw a necessity for immediate
action on this matter, a pressing necessity for
prompt action, I should be willing to take up
the bill for consideration at once. It is sug-
gested aside that the matter is pressing because
the President may do several things under the
act of 1862 which the repeal of the law would
prevent his doing. Suppose it to be so; the
President has ten days to consider every bill
that is submitted to him, and if this bill should
bo passed by the Senate, and he is disposed to
aet in the way suggested, he has ten days within
which he might do whatever he might choose
to do before the bill was either approved by
him or disapproved and returned so that it
could be acted on by Congress. Then I do
not see any advantage that is to be gained by
immediate action and by breaking over a rule
which is a most valuable one, and which I
shall hereafter on all occasions, except those
which are very pressing, insist upon, that every
bill which is brought fn for our consideration
should be first submitted to the scrutiny and
examination of a committee. That is my view
in regard to it, and with that view I shall vote
against taking up the bill at the present time.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, this bill
was passed by the House of Representatives
yesterday, I understand, and it has not been
referred to a committee of the Senate. It is
to be supposed that the House of Representa-
tives saw some reason satisfactory to them for
speedy action on this subject. There can be
no doubt that the general power of pardon, of
pardoning offenses, is granted in its plenitude
by the Constitution of the United States to the
President, and no act such as that from which
an extract has been read is necessary to be
passed by Congress in order to confer on the
President the power of pardon. I do not sup-
pose, sir, that the necessity for repealing the
thirteenth section of the confiscation act of
1862 arises from the mere fact that the Presi-
dent of the United States has the power of
pardon and may exercise it. I take it for
granted that there is some other evil, either
existing or apprehended, which has led to the
speedy enactment by the House of Represent-
atives of the bill now before us. I take it for
granted, sir, that the great object of this bill
is, if possible, to prevent an unwise restoration
of property to persons who have heretofore
been engaged in the rebellion, by the Presi-
dent of the United States, under the confisca-
tion act of 18lfiJ; and if I have been rightly
informed there is a necessity for the speedy
action of Congress upon this subject.
I do not understand that the power of restor-
ing forfeited property to offenders under the
confiscation act is a power legitimately included
in the constitutional power of pardoning of-
fenses. It seems to me to be a distinct and
separate function conferred on the President
by the confiscation act; and I have great fear
myself that proceedings have been had under
the confiscation act in the way of restoring for-
feited property to rebels with which the coun-
try will not be very generally satisfied when
they come to understand all the facts of the
case. I suppose that the bill now before us is
intended to foreclose and put an end to this
restoration of rebel property by the President
of the United States, so far as it is practicable
for us to do so; and for one I hope the bill
will be taken up and acted upon speedily, with-
out unnecessary delay; and I see no necessity
for referring the bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary or to any other committee of this
body. We all know quite well what the thir-
teenth section of the confiscation act of 1862
is. The object of this present bill is simple,
and aims only to the repeal of that thirteenth
section. The repeal of that section, I take it,
will, for the future, prevent the President of
the United States from attempting to restore
to its former owners property which has be-
come confiscated on account of those owners
having been engaged in the rebellion.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I think
if there ever was a case when the prompt action
of Congress was needed, it is this. It is alleged
