1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that hundreds of millions of dollars worth of
property confiscated under the law have under
that section been restored by the President.
The country expects us to act promptly in this
case. It is alleged that pardons are for sale
for money around the streets of - this town by
women of at least doubtful reputation, and with
those pardons property has been restored to
the amount of millions. Sir, if "there ever was
an occasion that required prompt action, in
my judgment that occasion is now, and this
bill is that occasion. If the President has
powers under the Constitution, let him exercise
them; but in God's name give .him no greater
power than he possesses under the Constitution,
to exercise as they have been exercised for the
last twelve months. I hope that the Senate
will take up this bill and pass it as promptly as
the House of Representatives did. The House
suspended the rules and passed it within the
hour, and the country looks to the Senate to
act with as much promptness as the Ho'Use.
I hope, sir, there will be no delay, and no ref-
erence of this bill. I hope it will be passed
this morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the motion to proceed to the consider-
ation of the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President,*1 was not
very well satisfied with the confiscation bill
when we passed it, as I suppose every Senator
who was here at ■Sbat time very well knows,
and I think that -the power granted- by the
clause which it is now proposed to repeal has
been very grossly abused; but I am not aware
of any confiscated property that is now about
to be restored. The report of the Commis-
sioner of the Freedmen's Bureau, made at the
last session of Congress, shows that lands of
rebels which had been taken possession of as
confiscated property were subsequently, by
order of the President, restored to their previ-
ous owners ; but I do not know that at this
lime there is any property likely to berestored
under this clause of the confiscation act.
It is very probable that I shall vote for this
bill repealing the clause under consideration;
but I think there is very great force in the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Maine, that
it is always safer to refer a bill to some one of
our committees. The committees are not yet
formed. There is now no committee to which
this bill can be referred. I know of no press-
ing necessity for the passage of the bill to-day.
I will not commit myself to say that it ought
to pass at all. I should like to be better in-
formed than I am to-day before voting upon it.
My impressions certainly are in its favor; but
I think we had better act deliberately and
understanding^, and not under excitement, as
if we had come together and were in a great
hurry to repeal this statute which we ourselves
passed only three or four years ago. I trust
that the measure ill not be forced to a vote
at the present time; I trust that the Senate
will not take it up for consideration now. I
know of nothing to be gained by that course.
I thinj; it is a bad practice; and unless some
Senator will show that there is danger of prop-
erty being restored, that there is some pressing
necessity for action to-day, I trust the motion
%vill not be pressed, or if it is pressed before
the Senate, that we shall not proceed to the
consideration of the bill. If reasons were
given showing that this power is to be abused
between to-day and to-morrow or next day, I
would not object to considering the bill at
once, but knowing no reason and none having
been stated, I think we had better let the bill
take the ordinary coursc.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, if the yeas and
nays had not been called for upon this motion,
of course I should have said nothing about it;
and even then I do not know that I should have
said a word but for an expression which has
just been dropped by the Senator from Illinois.
1 propose to vote for the motion; but I should
be nnwiliing that any ono should infer from
that vote that I was acting under any uixdue
excitement. I do not think any such inference
would properly ari^e. It seems to me that
there is the best of all reasons patent upon the
face of the Journal for proceeding to the con-
sideration of this bill. That is what I under-
stand to be the motion: it is not a motion that
the bill pass immediately, but that we proceed
to the consideration of it now. That very good
reason of which I spoke, it seems to me, arises
from the fact that the bill is- pending here, and
I do not know that we have anything else to do.
I do not know of any better opportunity to
proceed to the consideration of it.
There is another reason which it seems to me
supports the motion very strongly, and that is
that nobody seems to have any sort of objection
to this bill. I understand the Senator frt>m
Illinois and the Senator from Maine both to
say that they are not satisfied with the powers
granted in the section of the act of 1862 which
it is proposed by this bill to repeal. I under-
stood the Senator from Illinois to say that he
believes the powers granted there are net only
unjust in themselves, but that they have been
abused. I did not know myself that they had
been abused, but I do not think they are powers
which we should vest in any one, and I do not
think there is any occasion for our assenting to
them any longer. If we had other and more
important business to attend to now that would
be a reason for postponing the consideration
of this bill; but as I know of nothing else, I
shall vote to proceed to its consideration.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cres-
well, Edmunds, Fowler, Frelinghuyseri, Harris,
Henderson, Howard, Howe. Lane, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, Williams,
and Wilson—21.
NATS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon.
Doolittle, Fessenden, Fogg,Foster,Grimes.Hendricks,
Johnson, Kirkwood, Morgan, Nesmith, Norton, Pat-
terson, Riddle, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
and Willey—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Cowan, Cragin, Guthrie,
McDougall, Morrill, Nye, Poland, Sprague, and
Yates—10.
So the motion of-Mr. chandler was not
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 4, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The following Representatives and Delegates
appeared in addition to those heretofore re-
ported :
Vermont—Frederick E. Woodbridge.
Massachusetts—John B. Alley.
Connecticut—Henry C. Deming.
New York—Stephen Taber, Teunis G. Ber-
gen, Henry J. Raymond, Charles Goodyear,*
John A. Griswold, Hamilton Ward, and Theo-
dore M. Pomeroy.
Pennsylvania—M. Russell Thayer, andMyer
Strouse.
Illinois—Burton C. Cook.
Missouri—George W. Anderson.
Iowa—James F. Wilson.
Wisconsin—Ithamar C. Sloan.
Washington Territory—A. A. Denny.
New Mexico—J. Francisco Chaves.
Colorado—Allen A. Bradford.
qualification of a member.
Mr. BERGEN. My colleague, John W.
Hunter, elected to fill the vacancy occasioned
by the decease of James Humphrey, is pres-
ent and wishes to bo sworn in.
Mr. Hunter appeared and qualified by tak-
ing the proscribed oath.
"Mr. SPALDING. I demand the regular
order of business.
COMMITTEE ON FREEDMEN'S AFFAIRS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Rules, to whom was referred
the resolution introduced yesterday by Mr.
Eliot, reported back the following as an
additional rule,, upon the adoption of which
he demanded the previous question:
There shall be appointed, at the commencement
of every Congress, a standing Committee on, Freed-
men, to consist of nine members, whose duty it shall
be to take charge of all matters concerning freed-
men which shall be referred to them by the House.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, i I modify
the resolution so as to call the committee the
Committee on Freedmen's Affairs, instead of
the Committee on Freedmen.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE,' of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was_ agreed to; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table. -
The latter motion was agreed to.
provost marshal general fry.
. Mr. ECKLEY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew the following preamble and resolution
offered on the 23d of July, 1866:
Whereas, on the 30th of April, a loi ter, purporting
to be written by General Fry, was read in this House,
together with sundry documents accompanying it,
which letter was grossly libelous, and reflected upon
the public and private character of a member; and
whereas the House having ordered an inquiry as to
said letter and its truth or falsity; and whereas, for
that purpose, a select committee was raised, which
committee has ascertained and reported said letter
to have been false and malicious: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee -be in-
structed to Inquire and report whether any breach of
the privileges of the .House not sufficiently reported
upon by said select committee hag been committed
in connection with writing or sending said letter, the
documents accompanying the same, or the introduc-
tion thereof into the House, or causing the same to
bo read in the House, or entered upon the record of
the House, or making the same public: and if so, by
whom, and what action, if any, should be taken; and
that said committee also inquire and report whether
the said libel has been republished or renewed by the
said General Fry, or any other person since the ter-
mination of the session of said committee; and if so,
bySvhom, and whether any or what action ought to
be had thereon; andthatsaid committee have power
to send for person* and papers.
indian hostilities.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
reply to a resolution of the House of June 7,
1866, transmitting reports of the Quartermas-
ter General, the Paymaster General, and the
Commissary General, as to the amounts ex-
pended in suppressing Indian hostilities dur-
ing the years 1864 and 1865; which was laid
upon the table and ordered to be printed.
report on the currency.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the report of the Comptroller of the Currency ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Banking and the Currency, and ordered to he
printed.
currency.
The SPEAKER stated as the regular order
of business, the consideration, as a special
order, of bill of the House No?"771, to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide a national
currency, secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof, and for other purposes."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency. There was a good deal of
discussion on this bill at the last session, and
recommendations have since been made by the
Treasury Department and by the Currency
Bureau which will affect the bill. I therefore
move that the bill be recommitted, and on that
motion I ask the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order for me to say a few words in dissent of
that proposition 1
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the call
for the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
to withdraw his call for the previous question,
with the understanding that I will renew it
in after I have stated to the House my reasons
opposition to the motion to recommit this bill.
