12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
olution -will probably come np to-naomrw or
the day. after. •
*. appointments to office.
Mr. MYERS. I offer the following pream-
ble and resolution, upon which J d&mand the
previous question:
Whereas, under the Constitutiop of the United
States, tlie President of the United Statcfc bas power
to appoint officers of the United States, whose ap-
pointments are established by law, only by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, except tem-
porarily to fill up vacancies that may happen in the
recess of the Seriate; and whereas the present Chief
Magistrate, if/is alleged, has, in numerous instances,
failed to nominate such officers to the Senate for such
advice and consent until its session had nearly elosed,
and then after rejection, reappointed them or desig-
nated others for their places, thus virtually exercis-
ing the sole power of appointment; and whereas in
numerous other instances he has, it is alleged, ap-
pointed men to office and allowed a session of the
Senate to elapse without sending in their names for
confirmation; and whereas he has also, it is alleged,
in numerous instances, during the recess of the Sen-
ate, made appointments to office whore no vacancies
had happened or existed:
Be it resolved, That the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby, requested to communi-
cate to this House at as early a day as possible,
1. The names of all persons reappointed by him
after rejection by the Senate, or the names of others
appointed in their stead with a designation of the
offices to which they were so a,ppoint ed ami the dates
of their several appointments, and of their nomina-
tions to Uie Senate.
2. A like list and designation of all- persons ap-
pointed by him whose names were withheld-from the
Senate during its sessions.
S. A like list and designation of all appointments
made by him during the recess of the Senate where
no vacancy had happened, and if to fill vacancies,
then a complete statement of how such vacancics
occurred.
Mr. BOYER. I object to the introduction
of that resolution at the present time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Myers] has a right to introduce
the resolution under the call of States.
Mr. ANCONA. Is it not a call for execu-
tive information ?
The SPEAKER. It is; and if any gentle-
man objects to its consideration now, it«must
lie over under the rule.
Mr. ANCONA. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the resolution lies over under the rule.
delegate from the district of columbia.
Mr. DARLING introduced a bill to provide
for the election of a Delegate in Congress from
the District of Columbia; which w.as read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
frauds on the revenue.
Mr. DARLING- also submitted the following
preamble and resolution, upon which he called
the -previous question;
Whereas it is publicly alleged that greatfrauds are
daily practiced in the payment and collection of the
internal revenue on distilled spirits, tobacco, and
cigars, involving the integrity and fidelity of the rev-
enue officers of the Government; Therefore,
Resolved, That a select committee of five be ap-
pointed to investigate and report to this House the
facts as to any frauds or evasions in the payment of
internal duties, and as to the terms of compromise or
settlement in any eases of underpayment or alleged
fraud of any parties concerned in the manufacture
of distilled spirits, tobaoco, or cigars, and of any in-
spector or other internal revenue officer who may
have had any connection, official or otherwise, there-
with, with power to send for persons and papers.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble and resolution wcr^
agreed to.
district .tuds13 of connecticut.
Mr. "WARNER submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That the salary of the judge for the dis-
trict of Connecticut be increased to thesum of 34,000,
instead of the sum now allowed by law.
soldiers' and sailors' orphans' home.
Mr. BANKS introduced a bill to amend an
act to incorporate the National Soldiers' and
Sailors' Orphans' Home; which was read_a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
friend a. braina-rd,
Mr. WOODBRIDGE introduced a bill for tht;
relief of Friend A. Brainard; which was read
a first and second time, and inferred to the
Committee of Claims.
tax on cotton.
Mr. BLAINE submitted the following reso-
lution, upon which he called the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee of "Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire whether the agricultural,
commercial, and manufacturing interests ot the coun-
try would not be promoted by the repeal of the tax
on cotton.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
court 01? claims.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, introduced a bill con-
ferring jurisdiction upon the Court of Claims
in certain cases; which was read a first and
second time by its title.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to hear that bill read at length.
The bill was read at length. It confers upon
the Court of Claims jurisdiction to hoar and
determine all claims against the United States
arising underotlie grant of land reservations by
the eighth article of the treaty between the
United States and the Cherokee Indians, of
January 8, 1817, and the second section of the
treaty between the United States and the Cher-
okee Indians, of February 27, 1819; and that
so much of the ninth and tenth sections of an
act approved March 3, 1863, entitled " An act
to amend an act to establish a court for the
investigation ofclaimsagainstthe United States,
approved February 24,1855," as is inconsistent
herewith, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
- Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I would
inquire, what is the object of this bill?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I have introduced the
bill at this time merely for the purpose of hav-
ing it referred to the appropriate committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It should
go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I have no objection.
The bill was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
mexico.
The SPEAKER. The call of States for reso-
lutions and bills on leave having been con-
cluded, the next business in order is the con-
sideration of a resolution calling for executive
information, offered on yesterday by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. McKee,] and laid
over one day under the rule.
The resolution was road as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to this House, if in his opinion not incom-
patible with the public interest, any correspondence
or other information in tho possession of tho Gov-
ernment relative to tlie present condition of affairs
in our sister renublic of Mexico, and specially any
letters ot the minister at Washington irom said re-
public, and the French minister, relating thereto.
Mr. McKEE. I call for the previous ques-
tion upon agreeing to the resolution.
The previous question was secoiided and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. McKEE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
california railroad grant.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of Senate bill No. 133,
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the waters of
the bay of San Francisco to Humboldt bay, in
the State of California, which,at the last session,
was postponed till to-day after the morning
hour.
Mr. BID WELL. T move the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed till two
weeks from to-day, after the morning hour,
and that it be made the special order for that
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to this bill being made a special order; I have
no objection to the postponement indicated.
Mr. BlDWELL. I will withdraw that part
of my motion which proposes to make this bill
a special order. I move that its further con-
sideration be postponed till Tuesday, the 18th
instant, after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask consent of the
House to make a statement in regard to a mat-
ter which has a personal reference to myself. *
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] making a personal explanation ?
There was no objection.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, 1 have
observed in some of the newspapers what pur-
ported to be a report of some remarks made by
me in a caucus of the Union members of the
House on last Saturday evening. The report
to which I refer is in many particulars quite
incorrect. What I said was said very coolly;
and I will repeat it substantially to the House.
I gave notice in the caucus that it was my
purpose to introduce in this House at an early
time a resolution calling for the correspondence
between the State Department and onr minister
at Rome in reference to John H. Surratt; and
I expressed a desire that my friends should
support the passage of the resolution, if there
should be any opposition to it. I then said—
and I spoke just as coolly as I am speaking
now—that I had good reason to believe that the
executive department had had knowledge for
many months of the place where Surratt was ;
that he was serving in the army of the Pope
of Rome; that the (fepartmeiit had for many
months known the regiment and company in
which and the name under which he was serv-
ing ; and that they had observed a report of
his arrest and escape ; and I remarked that I
thought, under all the circumstances, it was
right that the country should know whether
these were the facts or not. Therefore I de-
sired that the resolution which I announced my
intention to introduce, and which I did intro-
duce yesterday, should be supported by the
Union members of the House.
Now, sir, I will say that I have good reason—
the very best of reasons, I believe—for thinking
that as early as May last the executive de-
partment of this Government had knowledge
where Surratt was. I did not say on last
Saturday night, nor do I say now, nor have I
said anywhere, that the Government has been
at fault in not procuring his arrest; but when
I left this city in July last I did expect that
very soon the country would have knowledge
that the arrest had been made. When week
after week had passed away, and month after
month elapsed, and there was no public in-
formation that the arrest of Surratt had been
made, I did say in public speeches that.I had
good reason to believe that the Government
had knowledge of his whereabouts.
I have this to say further: when the corre-
spondence which has been called for shall
appear, the House and the country will see
whether the executive department had that
knowledge or not. Tlie House and the coun-
try will also see whether the Government has
taken such measures as were in its power to
secure Surratt's early arrest. Upon that point
I have no knowledge whatever. Now, sir, if
it shall appear that 1 have been mistaken as to
the fact that the Government had such knowl-
edge as I have stated, there is no person in
this House or in the country who would lie
mOre willing to make the proper retraction
than I will be.
I will say further, although it is a little aside
from the matter with reference to Surratt, that
while I am opposed to the President of the
United States and his policy, I shall make no
warfare upon ham that I do not consider fair
and legitimate. 1 shall not attempt, here or
elsewhere, to misrepresent or abuse him; but
what I do mean to undertake, and to perform
