776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the
House to the bill. The amendments-were in
lines four and five to strike out the words
" Mrs. Jacob Harmon, of the county of Greene,
and State of Tennessee," and to insert "Ma-
tilda Harmon, of the county of Greene, and
State of Tennessee, widow of Jacob Harmon
and also to amend the title of the bill so as to
read: "A bill for the relief of Matilda Har-
mon, of the county of Greene, and State of
Tennessee, widow of Jacob Harmon."
The amendments were concurred in.
widow of henry fiu'e.
• On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the amendments of
the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 455) for the relief of the widow of Henry
Pry. The amendments were "in line four to
strike out the words "Mrs. Henry Pry," and
insert " Barbury Prye, widow of Henry Prye;"
and also to amend the title of the bill so as to
read : ' • A bill for the relief of Barbury Frye,
widow of Henry Prye."
The amendments were concurred in.
children of jacob m. hinshaw.
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the amendment of
the Hous^of Representatives to the-bill>(S:
No. 476) for the relief of William A. Hinshaw
and Jacob M. Hinshaw, minor children of Ja-
cob M. Hinshaw, deceased. The amendment
was to strike out all of the bill after the word
''roll" on the seventh line, and to insert in
lieu thereof " subject to the privileges and
limitations of the pension laws in regard" to
orphan children, and to commence on the 27th
day of November, 1861."
The amendment was concurred in.
house bills referred.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions:
. ™ No' 1052) grallt"ig a pension
to Mrs. Jane Clements; -
A bill (H. R. No. 1053) granting an increased
pension to John J. Sohan ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1054) for the relief of
Hiram Hedrick;
A bill (H. R. No. 1055) for the relief of John
Moreau, of Macliias, New York; and •
A bill (H. R. No. 1050) for the relief of
Lemuel Worster.
The following bill and joint resolutions were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee On Foreign Relations :
A bill (EL R. No. 1051) for 'the relief of
Henry P. Blanchard;
A j0'",1 resolution (II. R. No. 246) for the
relief of Townsend Harris; and
.A joint resolution (H. R. No. 247) for the
reiiet or James ICeenan.
' EXECUTIVE SESST0N.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein,-the
doors were reopened, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 26, 1867. '
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyoton.
Ihe Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
baltimore and ohio railroad.
Mr. KOONTZ. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, for
reference to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, the bill (S. No. 507) entitled An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to au-
thorize the extension, construction, and trs<S
by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company
of a railroad from between Rockville and the
Monocacy Junction into and within the Dis-
trict of Columbia,' " approved July 25, 1866.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object; and lest this
objection should seem discourteous on my part,
I desire to explain the reason of it. This bill
contemplates an enterprise of considerable im-
portance to the Government of the United
States ; and I think it should be passed frith-
out delay rather than be referred. I fear that
the Committee for the District of Columbia
may not be called again for reports during the
present-session. '.If the bill remains upon the
Speaker's table it may be disposed of at some
time when business on the Speaker's table
shall be taken up.
mary bond.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the justice and expe-
diency^ granting a pension to Mary Bond, widow
of John Bond, deceased, late of the United States
Army, who died in the Army service of the United
States. , - , ,
sales of confiscated wiiisky.
Mr. DARLING, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted thefollowingreslution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, -That tHe Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to suspend the sales of confiscated whisky;
unless the price offered is,equal to the tax upon the
same. - .
Mr. DARLING moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table. ■' -
-The latter motion was agreed to.
river thames, connecticut.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the' Committee on Appropriations
be instructed to jnquire'into tho expediency of raport-
>08 an appropriation recommended by the engineer
department of the United States, for the dredging
and maintaining of the channel of the river Thamfcs
near Norwich, in the State of Connecticut. .
bounties.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
a bill to atriend an act entitled "An act making
appropriations, &c.," approved July 28, 1866,
giving additional ftdunties tb discharged soldiers
in certain cases; which Was recommitted, arid
ordered to be printed. ; "■} -
package post.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; Which
was read, considered, and agreed to:"' -
Resolved That the Committee on tho Post Office
and Post lvoads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing,.under tho.eharge and direc-
tion of the Past Office Department, apackage poston
tho several railway and steamboat mail 1-outcs of the
united bfcates iortheoonvoyancoof parcolsof monoy,
merchandise, &o., at Such ratcs.of'cqnapensation -and
under such regulations as may be established by law •
and that the committee report by bill or otherwise.
wisconsin and lake' superior rlftroad.
Mr. DRI_GGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
4wed g, bill granting lands to the State? of Wis-
consin and Michigan to aid in the construction
of the Wisconsin and Lake Superior railroad;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed. - ■ - r
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public building in peoria, illinois.
• ^rj ^®-®?SOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution to provide for the
erection of a building in Peoria, Illinois, for
the accommodation of the post office and inter-
nal revenue offices; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
order of business.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
during the morning hour is the call of commit-
tees for imports of a private character, begin-
ning with the,Committee on Foreign Affairs.
GEORGE w. FISII.
Mr. CULLOM, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back Senate bill No.
446, for the relief of Gedrge W. Fish, with a
recommendation that the same do pass.
The bill was read at length". " It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to George W.
Fish the sum of $1,825 04 in foil1 pay for eonsu-
lar services as United States eonstfl at Ningpo,
China, and for exchange due him:
The biO was read the third time and passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved' to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid On the
table. ' ' - '
The latter motion was agreed to.
townsend harris.
Mr. RAYMOND, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a joint resolution for
the relief of Townsend Harris; which was read
a:first -and second time. - ' ' '
The joint resolution was read at length. The
preamble set's forth that Townsend Harris, of
New York, while holding the office of consul
general of the United States at Simoda, Japan,
undfer instructions from the State "©epartmeni
of Oetober, -1856, opened diplomatic- negotia-
tions with the Japanese Government, arid con-
tinued the same until January, 1858, which
negotiations re'sulted in the conclusion of the
convention of Simoda and the treaty of Jcddo,
which diplomatic- servid'es were - beyond the
Sphere of his duties as consul general, and for
which hehas received no'compensation;
' The joint resolution directs the payment to
Townsend Harris of the sum of $4,645 83, for
sdeh services, as compensation from October
1', 1856, until Augnst 18," 1857, at the rate of
$p;000 per'annum, first deducting therefrom
his salary "as consul general for the same time;
and from August 18, 1857, until January, 1858,
inclusive, compensation at the rate of §2,500
per annum, in addition to his salary as consul
general as provided by law. -
■ The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was- accordingly read the third
time, and passed:•
Mr. RAYM,QND. moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint rfesolution was passed ;*
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid "upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james keen an.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on
horeign Affairs, reported a joint resolution for
the relief of the" legal representatives Of James
Keenan; which was read a first and second
tifrie'. ' ' '
Hie joint resolution was read at length. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury, in the
settlement of the accounts of James Keenan,
late consul at Hong Kong, China, to pay his
-pal representatives the amount of "exchange
to which he would have been entitled had he
drawn the several balances due him on the
adjustment of his accounts.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; "and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed. ' 1
' Mr. DAWSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon'the table,
"The latter motion was agreed to.
henry p. blanchard.
Mr. PATTERSON, from th,e Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Henry P. Blanchard; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Henry P.
anchard, for his services as marshal at the
