1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS
to the extent of my ability, is to ascertain
whether he has been true in the great office
that he holds. I intend, as one member of
this House, to bring to that inquiry'a judicial
mind. If it shall appear that he has been true,
there is no citizen of this country who will
recognize the faet more readily than myself.
If, on the other hand, it shall prove otherwise,
then, as a citizen and as a Representative, I
shall perform my duty to the country.
NATIONAL ASYLUM FOE DISABLED SOLDIERS.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution to appoint two
managers for the National Asylum for Disa-
bled Volunteer Soldiers, to fill certain vacan-
cies; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire that this resolu-
tion may be considered at the present time, as
it is a matter of immediate importance.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that Erastus E. Wolcott, of the State
of Wisconsin, be appointed a manager of the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
death of George H. Walker, of the third class
of managers, for the term which expires on the
21st day of April, 1868; and that John S. Cav-
ender, of the State of Missouri, be appointed
a manager, to fill the vacancy occasioned by
the resignation of P. Joseph Osterhaus, of the
second-class of managers, for the term which
expires on the 21st day of April, 1870.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the tliird
time and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
- The latter motion was agreed to.
MUSTER-OUT ROLLS.
Mr. BLAINE submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs:
llemlvpd, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, instructed to furnish, on the application of
! lie adjutant general of auy State, certified copies of
'he muster-out rolls of any organisation of volunteers
from said State serving in the lato war for the sup-
pi ession oftherebellion, on the representation of said
adiulant general that such muster-out rolls have not
been returned by United States mustering officers to
liis department.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at five minutes to two o'clock p.
m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions were presented under the
rule, and reie'-red to the appropriate committees:
j)v Mr. EG-OTjKSTOX : The petition of 65 citizens
of tha city of Ciuciun.iti, who are engaged in man-
ufacturing c:,i.,r-, playing for a uniform tax on
' Bv Mr. OPiTH: T'-ie ra"inoi-;,.; of Robert C. Greg;
ory, W, S. (i.ilev. .snd ll.jl ravri'urd, praying for relief
sureties of James T. i'oiio<.k.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 5, 186G.
Pvaver by the Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Ghat.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
456) for the admission of the State of Nebraska
into the Union; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. WADE. -I move that that bill lie on the
table for a moment until the committees are
appointed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be enlered if there be no objection.
The bill was subsequently taken up, and
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Tiil.lieUAP-HIC KBPOUTS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the follwv-ing res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Sergeaut-at-Arias-ba directed
to provide seats on the floor of the Senate for tha
accommodation of one reporter for the Jfew York
Associated Press and one reporter for the United
States and European News Association.
I will say a word in regard to this resolution.
There were some complaints made at the last
session of the reports of the proceedings of the
Senate by the Associated Press. Since that
time two associations have been formed, one
reporting for the New York press, and one for
the western press, and perhaps a portion of the
New England papers. The gentlemen who
report for«these associations say that it is im-
possible for them to hear in the gallery the
proceedings of the Senate, and that it is espe-
cially difficult for them to hear what i3 said by
the Presiding Officer of the Senate. I think,
myself, that this would "be a wise disposition of
the matter, to allow these two representatives
of semi-official associations seats on the floor
wherever it will be convenient for them and
convenient for the Senate, and will probably
enable them to make more accurate reports.
If any Senator desires it, I have no objection
to the resolution being referred, but I suppose
it is a matter that every one is familiar with,
and I therefore ask for the present considera-
tion of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
present consideration of the resolution offered
by the Senator from Ohio objected to ?
Mr. CONNESS. I hope no action will be
taken at present upon this resolution 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
asks the Senate if there is any objection to the
present consideration of the resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to add a few
words.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will understand, then, that there is no objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to offer an objection,
'desiring to add a few words.
Mr. SHERMAN, [to_Mr. Costless.] It ean
be taken up and then put over after you have
said your few words, if you desire.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well; let it lie over.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator does not
understand me as objecting to his making any
remarks.
Mr. CONNESS. I understood the objec-
tion rather to come from the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. No. I think there would
tie no objection to the consideration of the res-
olution : but if the Senator desires further
time, I have no objection to its going over,
being committed, or taking any other course
which he deems best.
The.PRESIDENT pro tempore The Chair,
of course, decides no question about objections
to the resolution. The Chair simply asked ofthe
Senate if there were objections to the present
consideration of the resolu tion. Hearing none,
the Chair says there is no objection.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I rise sim-
ply to say, that for one I have no objection to
such an arrangement in the Senate as shall
give what I have heretofore called a true reflex
of the proceedings of this body to the country.
That is my desire as a Senator here; but my
experience in that respect demands that I
should now say that before that is done, or in
connection with doing it, the Senate should
take care that when the privilege of seats on
the floor of this body is to be conceded or given
to reporters, they shall have it connected with
such regulations or control by this body as shall
secure true reports. It is true that it is incon-
venient to the reporters in the Senate gallery,
and that they cannot always distinguish clearly
there what is said in the Senate ; but I incline
to think that a disposition foreign to the ques-
tion of the capacity to understand the proceed-
ings of the Senate has governed in the case of
reporting. I prefer at present that the matter^
should lie over, and let the resolution go to
the Committee on Printing when the commit-
tees shall have been organized.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
letting it lie on the table. I will eall it up
to-morrow,
r
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This reso-
lution will be laid on the table, at the instance
of the mover.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the election of the standing com-
mittees of the body.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask unanimous consent
to suspend the rule which requires that the
committees be elected by ballot.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island asks that the ruje re-
quiring the committees to be elected by ballot
may be waived at the present time. Is there
any objection? No objection being made, the
rule will be considered waived.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer a list of nomina-
tions for the several committees.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution embodying the names of the gentlemen
to compose the standing„committees~will now;
be read for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That the following be the standing com-
mittees of the Senate during the present' session,
namely:
OnForeign Relations—Messrs. Sumner, (chairman,)
Harris. Wade, Fowler, Fogg, Johnson, and Doolittle.
On Finance—Messrs. Fessenden, (chairman,) Sher-
man, Morgan, Williams, Cattell, Van Winkle, and
Guthrie.
On Commerce—Messrs. Chandler, (chairman*) Mor-
rill, Morgan, Edmunds, Creswell, Sprague, and Pat-
terson.
On Manufactures—Messrs. Sprague, (chairman,)
Pomeroy, Fowler, Riddle, and Dixon.
On Agriculture—Messrs. Sherman, (chairman.) Cat-
tell, Wilson, Cowan, and Guthrie.
On Military Affairs and the Militia—Messrs. Wil-
son, (chairman.) Lane, Howard, Sprague, Brown,
Nesmith, and Doolittle.
On Naval Affair* — Messrs. Grimes, (chairman,)
Anthony, Willey, Ramsey, Cragin, Nye, and Hen-
dricks.
On the Judiciary— Messrs. Trumbull, (chairman.)
Harris, Poland, Stewart, Frelinghuysen, Johnson,
and Hendricks.
On Post Offices ami Post Roads—Messrs. Ramsey,
(chairman,) Conness Pomeroy, Anthony, Kirkwood,
van Winkle, and Dixon.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Pomeroy, (chairman.)
Stewart, Harris, Kirkwood, Edmunds, Ca.ttell, and
Hendricks.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Harris, (chair-
man,) Howard, Poland, Riddle, and Norton.
Doolittie. ^
On Pensions—Messrs. Lane, (chairman,) Kirkwood.
Edmunds, Boss, Frelinghuysen, Van Winkle, and
Saulsbury.
On Revolutionary Claimj?—Messrs. Yates, (chair-
man,) Chandler, Fogg, Nesmith, and Saulsbury.
On Claims—Messrs. Howe, (chairman,) Williams,
Sherman, Willey, Fogg, Frelinghuysen, and Davis.
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Morrill, (chair-
man,) Wade, Sumner, Henderson, Nye, Patterson,
and MoDougall.
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. Wiltey,
(chairman,) Lane, Grimes. Norton, and Cowan.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs. Brown,
(chairman,) Trumbull, Grimes, Poland, and McDou-
gall.
On Territories—Messrs. Wade, (chairman,) Yates,
Nye, Cragin, Fowler. Davis, and Cowan.
On the Pacific Railroad—Messrs. Howard, (chair-
man,) Sherman, Morgan, Conness, Brown, Yates,
Cragin, Ramsey, and Stewart.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate—Messrs. Williams, (chairman,) Henderson,
and Buckalcw. m
On Engrossed Bilh—Messrs. Cragin, (chairman,)
Sumner, and Norton.
On Mines and Mining—Messrs. Conness, (chair-
man,) Stewart, Chandler, Morgan, Cresvv'ell, Wilson,
and Buckaiew.
Joint Committee on Printing—Messrs. Anthony,
(chairman,) Ross, and Riddle.
Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills — Messrs. Nyc,
(chairman,) Howe, and Dixon.
Joint Committee on the Library—Messrs. Creswell,
(chairmrn,) Howe, and Fessenden.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage ofthe resolution as just
read.
The resolution was adopted.
KESTOEATXO^ 05* CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
Mr. JVILLIAMS submitted ^hc following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the joint committee on retreneb-
ment be instructed to make inquiry as to the power
of the President to restore property confiscated under
the laws of the United States to its original owners,
or, if such power exists, to what extent it can right-
fully be exercised under existing laws; and also to
make inquiry into the power of the Secretary of the
