1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
then I might change my course in regard to the
f resent consideration of the bill; but otherwise
am clearly of the opinion that this bill ought
to go to the Committee on the Judiciary. It
!s a very important question, and one that
cannot be disposed of by reference to the dic-
tionaries. It involves some of the nicest polit-
ical and legal questions, and I assure the Sen-
ator from Michigan that many difficulties will
not be gotten rid of by the mere passage of this
bill. I think, therefore, that the proper course
is to refer it and let it be properly considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the
motion to refer this bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary the yeas' and nays have been
called for. The Chair will put the question on
seconding that demand.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Jlr. DIXON. Mr. President, I had no in-
tention of entering into this debate; and I came
into the Senate this morning just as the distin-
guished Senator from Michigan rose to address
the Senate on the pending question, which I
understand to be a question of reference. I
certainly think that this important and grave
matter ought to be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary ; and if I had any doubts on
that subject, my doubts would ba removed by
the remarks which have fallen from the Sena-
tor from Michigan. That Senator has taken it
upon himself to say here, from his own knowl-
edge, as notorious, jje said, as the records of a
court of justice—importing, therefore, absolute
verity—that pardons granted by the President
of the United States were for sale in the city of
Washington, and had been, and that, too, by
women of bad character. Now, sir, since that
charge is made, and from so distinguished a
source—a Senator of the United States in his
place—I think it is very proper and becoming
that the Senate should refer a measure of this
kind to the Committee on the Judiciary; that
they should not go forward and pass in hot
haste a bill upon this subject with such a charge
preferred against the President of the United
States—a charge which, if true, I need not say,
renders him liable to impeachment.
"Well now, sir, without knowing much about
this matter—I profess to have no personal
knowledge—I take it upon myself, in my ca-
pacity as a Senator here, in my place utterly to
deny the charge. I say the charge is not true.
The Senator has been misinformed; he has
been most grossly misinformed. The Presi-
dent of the united States is not guilty of the
crime which he in his misinformation alleges
against him: and I do not think it is proper
that such a charge as that should be made
against the President without a particle of
proof being adduced to sustain it. I, of course,
am not prepared to go into that case; I am not
prepared to set before the Senate the real fects
with regard to it; but I have heard that charge
made, and I cannot sit here willingly and hear
the charge without a denial; and I take it that
my denial is as.good as the Senator's assertion.
I say that the distinguished Senator has been
misinformed, and I feel that he will be as glad
as any one else to hear it. While, as I said
before, I am not prepared to go into details,
and am not particularly conversant with the
facts, I know enough of the case to be enabled
to inform him—and I am sure he will be glad
to hear it—that the charge is utterly untrue.
Mr. CHANDLER. I simply stated what
was on the records of a court in sworn testi-
mony. The chargc has been established befdre
a court. My information is derived from one
of the judges of the court before which the
case was tried. The records of the court show
if, and therefore I called attention to the facts.
Bat now, sir, as it seems to be the wish of the
Senate that the bill should be referred to the
Judiciary Committee, I desire to withdraw my
call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call
for the yeas and nays having been ordered, it
can be withdrawn only by the unanimous eon-
sent of the Senate. Is there any objection?
["None."] No objection being made, the call
is withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There being now no
objection to the reference of the bill, I do not
know that I ought to detain the Senate ; but I
think that in consequence of what fell from
the Senator from Michigan I ought to say a
word, lest the impression might go out that
those who favored the reference of this bill
were opposed to the object contemplated by it.
Now, the Senator from Michigan knows that
he was no more zealous for an efficient confis-
cation bill during the war than myself. I
believed during the war that we ought to have
a confiscation bill that was effective, and I did
all I could in this body to secure the passage
of such a measure.* The confiscation bill
which did pass was emasculated and not
effective; but such as it was, it has never been
efficiently executed. And, sir, I think I go
quite as far as the Senator from Michigan in
opposing, in the manner it has been done, the
restoration to rebels of property which was
taken under the confiscation act. But here is
a bill that comes to us now, proposing to repeal
a section of that- confiscation act which was
never, in my judgment, as effective as it ought
to have been; and we are asked to pass it at
once, and without referring it to any com-
mittee.
Now, sir, I am not opposed to this; but I
believe it better to do business deliberately
and in order. We have our rules of proceed-
ing in this body—established to promote the
transaction of public business—and expe-
rience has shown that the object is best accom-
plished by their observance. The ordinary
course of proceeding is to refer a bill to the
appropriate committee ; it is very seldom that
a bill is passed by this body without a previ-
ous reference to some committee ; and I think
it safer to adopt that course in this ease. I
assure the Senator from Michigan that this
course is not dictated by any opposition to
the object of the bill; but I think the effect of
its passage will be better on the country when
it shall be seen that we act deliberately and in
the usual way. Let us first see what duty re-
quires, and then calmly, dispassionately, and
resolutely perform it. I know of nothing to
be gained by passing the bill to-day; and if it
is proper that the bill should pass, as I think
it is, a reference can do no harm ; and whether
it be advisable to pass it or not, I assure the
Senator, as far as I am concerned, that its con-
sideration shall not be unnecessarily delayed.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson*, its Clerk, announced
the pagsajje by the House of a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 212) to appoint two managers for
the National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers to fill certain vacancies; and also the
adoption by the House of a concurrent resolu-
tion reappointing the joint committee of fifteen
on reconstruction; in both of which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
reconstruction.
Mr. SUMNER. I now offer certain resolu-
tions, which I ask to have read and printed.
The Secretary read the resolnti ons, as follows:
Resolutions declaring the true principles of recon-
struction; the jurisdiction of Congress over the
whole subject; the illegality of existing govern-
ments in the rebel States, and the exclusion of such
States with such illegal governments from repre-
sentation in Congress and from voting on constitu-
tional amendments.
Resolved, 1. That in the work of reconstruction, it
is important that no falsestepshould be taken, inter-
posing obstacl e or delay; but that, by careful provis-
ions, we should make haste to complete the work so
that the unity ofthe Republioshall besecured on per-
manent foundations, and fraternal relations shall be
once raoro established among all the people thereof.
2. That this end can be accomplished only by fol-
lowing the guiding principles of ourinstitutions as
dcclarcd by our fathers when the Republic was
formed, and that any neglect or forgetfulness of
these guiding principles must postpone the estab-
lishment of union, justice, domestic tranquillity, the
general welfare, and the blessings of liberty, which
are the declared objects of the Constitution, and
therefore must be tho essential objeet of reconstruc-
tion itself. .
S. That this work of reconstruction must bs con-
ducted by Congress and under its constant super-
vision ; that under the Constitution Congress is sol-
emnly bound to assume this responsibility; and that,
in the performance of this duty, it must see that
everywhere throughout the rebel communities loy-
alty is protected and advanced, while the new gov-
ernments are fashioned according to the require-
ments of a Christian Commonwealth, so that order,
tranquillity, education, and human rights shall pre-
vail within their borders.
- 4. That, in determining what is arepublican form of
government. Congress must follow implicity the defi-
nition supplied by the Declaration orIndependence,
and, in the practical application of this definition, it
must, after excluding all disloyal persons, take care
that new governments are founded on the two fun-
damental truths therein contained; first, that all
men are equal in rights; and secondly, that all just
government stands only on the consent of the gov-
erned.
_ 5. That all proceedings with a view to reconstruc-
tion originating in executive power are in the nature
of usurpation; that this usurpation becomes espe-
cially offensive when it sots aside the fundamental
truths of ourinstitutions; thatit isshooking to com-
mon sense when itundertakesto derive new govern-
ments from that hostile population which has just
been engaged in armed rebellion; and that all gov-
ernments having such origin are necessarily illegal
and void.
6. That it is the duty of Congress to proceed with
tin; work of reconstruction, and to this end it must
assume jurisdiction of the States lately in rebellion,
except so far as that jurisdiction may have been al-
ready renounced, and it must, reco^nizo only the loyal
States or those States having legal and valid "Legis-
latures" as entitled to representation in Congress, or
to a voice in the adoption of constitutional amend-
ments.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the motion to print
is put, I desire to say that at this stage I do not
propose to discuss these resolutions. I have
introduced them now as a statement of the
case. I see no chance for peace in the rebel
States until Congress does its duty by assum-
ing jurisdiction over that whole region. These
resolutions declare briefly the duty of Congress
in that regard, and assign reasons therefor. I
have said that I have no purpose now to dis-
cuss them; but I have in my hand a letter
which I received yesterday from a friend of
our cause in Texas, and which is so important
in its statements and so direct in its bearing on
the questions raised by these resolutions, that
with the indulgence of the Senate I will read
briefly from it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask the
Senator to read the signature. Let the name
of the writer be given.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not read die signa-
ture 
Mr. McDOUGALL. Ah! Hal
Mr. SUMNER. And for a very good rea-
son—that I could not read the signature without
exposing the writer to violence, if not to death.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I ask if the reading of the let-
ter by the Senator from Massachusetts is in
order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
opinion of the Chair, a Senator in making a
speech to the Senate has a right to read from
a letter in his possession if he deems proper.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask whether it is in order
for the Senator from Massachusetts to make a
speech at this time ? *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
sees nothing disorderly in it. The Chair is of
opinion that the Senator from Massachusetts
is entitled to the floor ; and while proceeding
in order he cannot be seated by a question of
order upon his general right to speak. The
Chair thinks the Senator from Massachusetts
is in order.
Mr. SUMNER. The letter is dated in Texas,
November 19. 1866, and, as I have already
said, it came to my desk here yesterday. I
read as follows:
 , Texas, November 19,1860.
Dbar Sib: The really loyal men in this part of
Texas concur in thinking that the first move of tho
Republican party at the approaching session ofCorw
gress should be the passage of an act abolishing the
sham State governments that have been sctuj>intho
South without authority of law, and declaring all
their acts, except so far as on revision they may be
affirmed by competent authority, to have been null
and void from the beginning. If that is done we think
that everything else required to bedonewill be easy.
Petitions will be sent on from here to that effect.
Governor Hamilton will be requested to have them
presented.
Our so-oalled Legislature adjourned on Tuesday
last. It was a worse and more disloyal body than tho
