n
MS- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
convention. All ita members, except about six,
showed by their speeches?, proposed bills, and acts,
that they were not merely in law, but in fact, publio
enemies of ttie lJnited States. The laws they have
passea'are'infamous andamount to neither more nor
Jess thati a cunningly-devised system intended to
effect a practical restoration of slavery. I refer to
their publio and general laws, and not to the batch
of roguish charters and special statutes which they
have enacted. Some of them do notcontain the word
" freedman," but they are aimed at the poor freed-
men nevertheless. Eor example: the acts in regard
to labor, trespasses, apprenticeship, stay of execu-
tion, exemption and regulating county courts, are
intended to reestablish slavery, and that in a worse
form than before, under which the responsibility for
the sicfe.afld the very young and aged will not be
attaohed toanyonein particular. Theleading object
of our legislators seemed to be to make contracts to
labor specifically enforceable, and at the same time,
by stay and exemption laws, the contracts to pay for
the labor unenforceable. By the county court act
they arranged itso that the freedmen could be gotat
in the way of prosecution, for offenses without the
intervention of a grand jury. v
I sincerely hope that Congress will deelarp that no
statutes oflimitation shall be held to operate in the
insurrectionary States until they are reorganized and
readmitted. The act of 1864 is not broad enough.
Limitation should not, on principle, be held to run
where there are no lawful tribunals.
I learn from per&ons of character that some of the
members of our " Legislature" (Mr. Short, an ex-rebel
captain, for instance) boasted in private that they
had neyer .taken the'amnesty oath prescribed by the
President, and- that in one county of Texas where
only thirteen of the inhabitants baa taken that oath
some two hundred voted at the last election. "Will
Congress prescribe an oath? If so, ought it not to
require all inhabitants, .without regard to sex, raco,
or color, under penalty of being precluded, in case of
neglect or refusal, from inheriting, or asserting rights
in any form in any court of justice, to register them-
selves and take the oath which may be prescribed ?
I have inserted the word "sex" aftermuch reflection.
The women keep the rebel spirit active in the South.
All women fear to take a judicial oath, and in general
observe one when taken. If the rebel women who
now excite and exasperateonly swear allegiancethey
will subside into quietude. Besides, the registration
might furnish the census of the South now wanted.
We have been in a horrible state of suspense here.
Had the earlier northern elections gone against the
Kepublictai party I should have had to promptly
make my escape from'Texas, if, indeed, I could, have
fot off at all. The spirit of rebellion down to thai time
ad waxed fiercer and more intolerant than it was at
the middle of 1861. Many loyal men left, and all who
could, and with whom'I conversed, told me they were
preparing to leave. Since those and' the later elec-
tions the rebels, through policy, have been more
quiet. Deeming it my duty to remain as long as
practicable, in order not only to aid in any move
thought advisable, but to keep the loyal press of the
North informed of the actual condition of- affairs
here, I have remained and suffered. If Congress
does not wipe out all that has been done, but aban-
don the loyal whites and the poor freedmen to rebel
rule, I must and will emigrate. Manyothers will do
the same. In what a horrible condition will those
be who cannot get away I
I remain with high respect, your obedient ser-
vant,  .
Hon. Cjiaei.es Sumner, of the United States Senate,
Boston, Massachusetts.
That is a -letter from a gentleman with whom
I have been in correspondence now for some
two years, whose character I know well, and
for whom I vouch. I should not read the let-
ter on this occasion if I were not entirely sat-
isfied of the character and intelligence of the
writer. It is in the nature of testimony which
the Senate cannot disregard. It points out the
way to our duty. We must, sir, follow the
suggestions of this patriot Unionist and erase
those governments under which these outrages
are perpetrated. The writer calls them '' sham
governments.'' They are governments having
no element of vitality. They are disloyal in ori;
gin, and they share the character of the rebel-
lion itself. We must go forth to meet those
governments and the spirit in which they have
been organized, precisely as in years past we
have gone forth to meet the rebellion. The
rebellion, sir, has now assumed another form,
and our conflict is no longer on the field of
battle, but it is here in this Chamber and in
the Chamber at the other end of the Capitol.
Our strife is civic, Tiut it should be none the
less strenuous.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Mr. President, "none
the less strenuous" if " strenuous" will achieve
the true victory. The Senator from Massachu-
setts reads a letter from. Texas. I do not rise
to answer his argument, because it is only on
a motion to print; but it is somewhat within
the confines of my memory that I was in Texas
in 1836, and I am somewhat conversant with
all that part of the world, of which I think the
Senator from Massachusetts is altogether igno-
rant. I have been through all that part' of the
world, although I was born further north than
him, and denied the doctrine of slavery as
early as he did; perhaps earlier; I do not
know.
I rise to express principally my objection to
his habit of getting up and reading letters from
gentlemen from Texas, for I have been there,
where I am known and have been known for
at least thirty years. Whom does the letter
come fronl? Probably an adventurer over there
who writes very good English; perhaps he may
have even graduated at Harvard, that the gen-
tleman is conversant with and that I am not. As
for the authority of the letter, I should like to
have an indorser—the indorsement of the name
of the man wh o wrote it and not the indorsement
of a man who is ignorant, because it is my opin-
ion that the Senator from Massachusetts never
floated down the Mississippi, and never saw the
State of Texas', and never saw a southern State.
I do not say he did not; but I doubt whether
he did. It has been my opportunity to have
lived and been about all the States of this
Union, and I belong_ to them all from Maine
to Texas, California included. Of course this
is not an argument, Mr. President. I only
say that I do not like this thing of letters being
read. I have my arms full of letters sometimes,
but I never read a letter from a man who would
not put his signature to it, and I have never
said a word where my opinion was not on my
sleeve.
The motion to print the resolutions was
agreed to.
MANAGERS OF SOLDIERS' IIOME.
Mr. WILSON. There has been sent to us a
resolution from the House of Representatives
to elect two managers for the Soldiers' Home,
and I ask unanimous consent to put it on its
passage now. The board meets to-morrow,
and it is important that these managers should
be elected to-day, perhaps in order to consti-
tute a quorum of the board.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 212) to appoint two
managers for the National Asylum for Disa-
bled Volunteer Soldiers, to fill certain vacan-
cies, was read twice by its title and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to appoint Erastus B. Woolcott, of the State
of Wisconsin, a manager of the National Asy-
lum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, to fill
the vacancy occasioned by the death of George
H. Walker, of the third class of managers, for
the term which expires on the 21st day of
April, 1868; and John L. Cavender, of the
State of Missouri, to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the resignation of P. Joseph Oster-
haus, of the second class of managers, for the
term which expires on the 21st day of April,
1870.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
NAVY-YARD EMPLOYES.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to communicate to the Senate copies of all
orders, instructions, and directions made or issued
by him, or by the chief of any bureau in his Depart-
ment, since the 1st day of April last, in relation to
the employment of offieeis, master-workmen, me-
chanics, laborers, or other persons in the navy-yards
of tlio United States; and that, lie transmit to the
Senate copies of all communications received by him
or by the chief of any one of the naval bureaus on the
subject of the employment of persons in the navy-
yard at Norfolk, Virginia, as well as copies of all
communications from him or such chiefs of bureaus
to any and all other persons touching the subject of
employment at such yard.
PRESIDENTIAL TEEM.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate take
up, with a view to reference, the joint resolu-
tion that I offered early in the last session pro-
posing an Amendment to the Constitution of
the United States so as to restrict tjhe presi-
dential office to one term.
Mr. McDOUQ-ALL. I ask the Senator,
does he change the term in his proposed
amendment? Does he change it to six years?
Mr. WADE. The proposition is to restrict
the office to one term of four years. My motion
will be to refer it to the Committee on the
Judiciary, not to consider it now. I only wish
to say on this occasion that I believe it is the
taost favorable opportunity to make this amend-
ment that there has been since the formation
of the Constitution of the United States. It
has been the opinion of some of the wisest
statesmen, or those who were deemed the ,
wisest, at almost every period during the
existence of this Government, that it was a
defect in that instrument that it failed to limit
the occupancy of the office to only one term. I
have no doubt that the reasan which superin-
duced this was that General Washington was
contemplated universally as the first Chief
Magistrate, and in him such confidence was
reposed that it seemed to throw the statesmen
of that day off the ordinary caution that they
exercised in almost every other portion of the
Constitution.
Nobody can fail to see that in the vast and
growing patronage and power of the presiden-
tial office there are temptations to the incum-
bent, all the time weighing upon his mind like
gravity, to wield the concentrated powers of
the Government in such a way as he believes
will conduce to his reelection. I believe every
one who has watched witS vigilance the ad-
ministration of our Government during all its
periods will admit that this has been so. I do
not wish now invidiously to point out the pe-
culiar action of any particular Administration,
but any one acquainted with the action of the
human mind and the motives which govern it
knows that it is not safe to leave in the hands
of any man such temptations as arise from the
fact that he can use these vast powers to pro-
mote his own ambition.
There has rarely been a time, however, when
such a proposition could be moved and not
seem to be invidious. I believe, in the prog-
ress of this nation from one Administration to
another, that this idea, which shrewd statesmen
saw early, has been growing, till now everybody
seems to understand that there is an evil which
needs correction. Without going into the ar-
gument, merely suggestingthegreatimportanee
of the measure, I simply say that all parties for
several years seem to have been of the opinion
that this defect should be remedied. President
Washington thought so. President Jackson
and almost all our eminent statesmen from that
time to this have seen this defect and wished it
might be corrected. They did not, however,
find an opportunity when it was probable that
they could get the necessary vote to effect it.
Such has been the condition of parties gen-
erally in this Government that it was almost a
hopeless task to ingraft this amendment upon
the Constitution. There now is an opportu*
nity, and I believe every man is sensible that
the correction ought to be promptly applied.
I hope, therefore, that the Judiciary Commit-
tee will take up this great subject, consider the
resolution that I send to them, and if it is not
correct in their judgment, if it want-* amend-
ment, I hope they will apply the amendment,
and at au early period report it back that Con-
gress may act upon it.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that under the 21st joint rule which
was brought to the attention of the Senate on
the first day of the session, the motion made
by the Senator from Ohio would not be in or-
der, because it refers to business which cannot
now be acted on under the decision made by
my predecessor in this chair, which was that
bills, resolutions, and all unfinished business
could not be considered until after the first six
days of the session. Under that decision this
motion would not be in order.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I understand that it
was courtesy to the Senator to allow him to
pursue his remarks. It will be courtesy to
me if I make a remark—the courtesy, of the
Senate.
