1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
78-1
eminent. See what a magnificent future we
have before us! No such country was ever
given to any other people. Look at its vast re-
sources ! It was a Government that rested so
easily upon our shoulders that we hardly felt
we were governed.
Now, what is the change ? Iri a time of pro-
found peace we have ninety thousand soldiers,
in the field to support whom the people are
heavily taxed. It used to be the pride of the
American people that the humblest citizen in
the country was protected. "What is it now?
A few days ago what did we do ? We passed,
a law through Congress by which the acts of all
our officers of every kind, including petty lar-
ceny and crimes of every description, are to bo
forgiven. All record of them is to be obliter-
ated, so that hereafter no one can prosecute
those who committed them. Every man who
during the war unjustly took away the property
of a private citizen is to be protected under the
bill of my colleague [Mr. Cook] from being
called to account.
Indeed, in that bill it has also been held that
where any of these offenses have been com-
mitted it must be taken for granted that the
party who committed the offense had full au-
thovity to do so. Is this the feast we have
been invited to? Are we to ignore the rights;
of private citizens ? Is there to be no redress,
and are you not to stop even to inquire because
the offense was committed by some officer with
epaulettes on his shoulders or by some ser-
geant or corporal? I tell you, gentlemen, it is
time the American people were aroused to the
impending dangers which imperil the liberties
of this country.
Mr. COOK. I desire to make a suggestion,
as my colleague has referred to a bill reported
by me from the Committee on the Judiciary.
It is very apparent from what he has said that
he has not read it so as to understand it.
Mr. ROSS. I think I understand it very
well. I think my colleague will not deny the
commission of the offense is made prima facie
evidence of authority to commit it. That is
the bill I know. I say it is trampling upon the
right of the private citizen.
Mr. COOIC. There is no such provision in
the bill.
Mr. ROSS. It is only part of the legisla-
tion which has been pushed through this Con-
gress by the gentleman's entire party. I appeal
to members that we shall act as wise men. I
ask why, having the vast responsibility imposed
upon their shoulders to preserve the liberties
of the country, the other side will continue to
strike them down ? Why do you want to de-
stroy the Government? Why do you want to
create confusion?
You say that you will impeach the President
of the United States. What has he done?
Some gentlemen intimated to me the other day
that the President would be impeached, to
which I replied that it seemed to me a man who
left so many disunionists in office throughout
the land when he had the power to remove
them deserved impeachment. He has held in
office men who contend that the Government
is dissevered, and that I think is the strongest
objection I have ever heard urged against An-
drew Johnson. He has not turned out one
tithe of the men who were turned out by Abra-
ham Lincoln. Why should we attempt to
make this kind of example. I trust it will
not be done; that we will not create such com-
motion and discord and establish such a pre-
cedent. We do not set precedents for ourselves
alone; we may reasonably expect they will be
followed by others.
Gentlemen, let us now harmonize; let us
act like wise men. Do you expect these south-
ern men to love us any better by abusing them?
They will not do so. They have got to live in
this country. Do you want an Ireland, a Hun-
gary, a Poland in your midst? I confess I do
not. I want the American people to revere
and venerate the Government under which we
live. I want to see a people who will rally at
the call of the Government to protect and de-
fend it against all Us enemies under all eireum-
stajjces. In my,own judgment a lenient policy,
such as- hag been recommended by General
Grant, General Sherman, and the .President of
the United States, and, such as Mr. Lincoln
would have adopted in all probability, would
be the best, would give peace, harmony, and
perpetuity to this Government. We want this
Government to live, to endure as long as water
runs and grass grows. Let us act,like wise men
in so shaping our legislation as to attain this,
very d.esirable end.
Mr. Speaker; I have occupied about as much,
time as I had intended. I have; thrown out
brief and disconnected remarks on the spur of
the occasion. If they are worthy of consider-
ation. I hope they will'be considered, I haye
an anxious and ardent desire that this country
should be restored to harmony and peace, that
we should go on in the highway of national
greatness for years and centuries to come, that
it should continue to be the asylum for the
down-trodden of the nations of Europe, where
they may come and seek protection and. share
with us the benefits of a great, glorious, and
free Government.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to mention now
what conclusion I have come to wi<#  regard to
the management of this. bill. I. shall not
attempt tertajie a vote upon it to-day. There
are several gentleman Who wish to speak, but
I desire to have the floor when the House
adjourns to-night, so that on Monday I can call
the previous question. I will mention, however,
that before I call it, I inteud to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] and his col-
league [Mr. Bingham] to withdraw their mo-
tions, which prevent amendments, so as to
enable the House to go on under the five-min-
ute rule, as in Committee of the Whole, and try
to amend the bill before taking final action on
it. If they will do that I shall not call the
previous question on Monday morning, but
allow amendments to be made until the House
is satisfied one way,or the other with the bill.
If not satisfied the motion may be renewed.
The SPEAKER. That can begone by unani-
mous consent now, or by .a suspension of the
rules on Monday.
Mr. CONKLING objected.
The SPEAKER. Then it can only be done
on Monday.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I am
opposed to the motion .of my colleague to refer
the bill now under consideration, with the pend-
ing amendments, to the joint Committee on
Reconstruction. I am also opposed to the
motion which the gentleman from. Pennsyl-
vania .gave notice of the other day, to-lay these
bills on the table. I hope the motion to refer
them, or lay them on the table, will not be
adopted. If either of these motions should
prevail it would operate practically as a declar-
ation on the part of the House that no action
may be expected during the remainder of this
Congress upon the great question of reconstruc-
tion. I accept the suggestion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and ■ now withdraw my
amendment to his substitute: and. so far as
I can, I will sustain .the motion which he pro-
poses to make on Monday, that the House
consider these bills as in Committee of the
Whole under the five-minute rule, and try to
perfect a bill so as to be able to send it to the
Senate within the next two or three days.
Gentlemen at all familiar with the legisla-
lation of the House, and the manner in which
its business is now blocked out, will com-
prehend at once that unless some speedy action
is had by the House, and the bill sent to the
Senate, so that they may have time to examine
it, and to review the veto message in case it
shall come in, during the life of this Thirty-
Ninth Congress, there can be no act passed
that will bring relief to the loyal men of the
South or carry out the pledges which the
Thirty-Ninth Congress made to the country
and to the loyal men of the South, that loyal
and constitutional State governments shall
be established there on the reassembling of
Congress.
As the gentleman from Pennsylvania has.
just remarked, there are but twenty working-
days practically left of this, session. The
Thirty-Ninth Congress went to the country in
opposition to the policy of the President, and.,
to what we were pleased to denominate hia
usurpations. The people in generous con-
fidence have sustained Congress and returned
to the Fortieth Congress by- majorities unpre-
cedented men pledged to the abolition of the-
governments established by the acting Presi-
dent of the United States, in violation of all
law, and, as I claim, in clear violation of the
Constitution. A large majority on this side
of the House were returned to the next Con-
gress under the express pledge that they would
not permit these rebel State governments to
exist a single hour after this Congress had
been in session long enough to declare them,
abolished. If this Congress fails to redeem
that pledge it will commit a blunder which,
in such an hour as this, is worse than a crime.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman to
state his objection to having a subject like this,
with regard to which a number of bills have
been brought forward, committed to a com-
mittee which has now no work upon its hands
£nd which has a right to report at any time.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. My answer to the.
gentleman from New York is, that the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction have held no meet-
ings during this entire session up to this hour.
Severed bills proposed by gentlemen have been
referred to that committee during this session
upon which they haye taken no action. If the
committee ever gets together again, which, I
doubt, as it is a large committee composed of
both branches of Congress, I have but little
hope of their being able to agree. The chair-
man of the committee on the part of the
Senate, as is well known, is absorbed,in his
efforts to perfect the financial measures of the
country, and I fear that if this bill goes to that
committee it will go to its grave, and that it
will not during the life of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress see the light. If I were opposed to
these bills I would vote to send them to that
committee as sending them to their tomb.
That is my answer to the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know whether'
the gentleman from Ohio would like my opin-
ion as to whether that is a good answer or
not.
Mr.' ASHLEY, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to the gentleman giving his opinion..
Mr, CONKLING. I think it is not very
good considering that it comes from such a
distinguished source. There is no difficulty in
having prompt consideration of anything which
may be sent to the committee. It was created
originally solely to deal with this subject. It
was at first broken into four sub-committees
that the work of gathering evidence might be
more advantageously and speedily carried on.
It became one committee, usually working
together, only during a few weeks immediately
preceding the bringing forward of its ultimate
propositions. It would not be decorous for
me to praise the committee or the work it did ;
but I may say with propriety that if it ever was
a good committee, if it ever should have been
created and composed as it was, it is a good
committee now—bettor than it ever was before ;
better, because more familiar with this subject,
because its members having now become ac-
quainted with each other's views, and having
become accustomed to act with each other,
and having studied the whole subject com-
mitted to them, can proceed with much more
hope of good results than ever before. Hav-
ing a right to report at any time, and being led,
on the part of this House, by the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
I see no reason why it cannot consider and
digest ^wisely and promptly whatever may be
referred to it and make report.
I did not intend to say one word about this,
and do not intend to rise again in regard to
it. I beg now to say, however, that I hope the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] will not
withdraw his motion to refer this whole sub-
