782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
ject to the joint Committee on Reconstruction;
on the contrary, I trust the majority of this
House will promptly refer all these bills with
all cognate propositions to that committee, and
give them at least one opportunity at this ses-
sion to show whether they can produce some-
thing for action or some reason for not acting.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I have as much
confidence in the joint Committee on Recon-
struction as any gentleman on this floor ; but
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Conk-
ling] will remember that the propositions which
they brought forward near the close of the last
session, simultaneously in both branches, were
propositions which demanded a two-thirds vote
of each branch of Congress, and did not require
the signature of the Executive. Had they
required the signature of the Executive, and
been returned by him without his signature, as
any reconstruction bill undoubtedly will be, the
time to which Congress had limited its session
would have expired before we could have
reconsidered and passed them over his veto.
Upon this subject of reconstruction the great
body of this House have given much thought,
and I believe we can arrive quite as speedily
and quite as surely at a result here in the House,
under the five-minute rule of amendment and
debate, as we can by referring this subject to
any committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I will reply, in answer to
what my colleague upon the joint Comiiuttee
on Reconstruction [Mr. Conklhtg] has said,
that he seems not to be aware that we are now
considering a report from that very committee.
'That committee made a report, and I have
offered a substitute for the bill which they re-
ported. If the gentleman thinks the report of
that committee is best, then'let him vote against
my substitute. But why send this subject back
again to the committee ? The gentleman knows
as well as I do how many different opinions
there are in that committee; some of us believe
in one thing and some of us in another; some
of us are very critical and some of us are not.
The idea that we can consider anything in that
committee, constituted as it is, in less than a
fortnight, it seems to me is wholly out of the
question; and as wc have only about some
twenty working days in which to mature this
bill in both branches of Congress, if we send
this subject to that committee and let it take
its time to consider it, and then have it reported
here and considered again, I certainly need not
say to gentlemen that that would be an end of
the_ matter, at least for this session. I do not
believe the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Conklikg] desires to accomplish that result;
though I believe some gentlemen do. I believe
that will be its fate as inevitably as it goes
there.
My. CONKLING. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] I trust, will allow me a
remark in reply.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] inquires why this
report, emanating originally from the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction, should now be sent back.
Let me answer: the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania concurred in that report; he had his full
share in molding it and making it precisely
what it was._ He supported it then ; now he
offers a substitute for it. Why ? Because the
time which has elapsed since then and the
events which have transpired have modified,
he thinks, the exigencies of the case. Is not
that as applicable to the judgment of the com-
mittee as to his own ? And if it be necessary
for him now to offer, as he has offered, a dif-
ferent series of provisions in order to express
his views, matured as they are by the interme-
diate experience, is it not necessary, or if not
necessary is it not proper, that it should have
the opportunity of acting for once in the light
of all the facts and circumstances as they are
to-day? By as much as those circumstances
involve the necessity of the substitute emanat-
ing from the gentleman from Pennsylvania, by
so much in my judgment they invoke the re-
newed action of this committee.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is aware,
I suppose, that two or perhaps three bills on
this subject have been referred during this ses-
sion to that committee. Why has not the com-
mittee acted on them.?
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, if I were
the chairman of the committee on the part of
this House I should be able to answer that
question, because then I could tell why I had
not called the committee together. But as I
am only a subordinate member of the commit-
tee, whose business it is to come when I am
called and never to call others, I am entirely
unable to give the information for which the
gentleman inquires.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, if I
could have any assurance that this committee
would be able to report promptly a bill upon
which this House could probably agree, I would
not hesitate a single moment to vote for the
reference of this measure to that committee,
including the several bills before my own com-
mittee, because, as I said in the outset, I have
entire confidence in the gentlemen who consti-
tute that committee. But, believing that they
will be unable to agree, I shall vote against a
recommitment.
One word more with regard to this matter.
This House has on two different occasions by
resolutions instructed tfie committee of which I
am chairman—the Committee on Territories—
to report to the House bills on this subject.
Some half dozen bills have been prepared and
sent to that committee. And when the com-
mittee is called, unless the House shall already
have acted on some proposition looking to the
reorganization of loyal governments in the late
rebel States, we intend to report a bill and to
insist upon a vote. So far as I am concerned
I do not intend that the Thirty-Ninth Congress
shall adjourn without some effort to provide
governments which shall secure justice and
equality to all loyal menin the southern States.
Mr. BLAINE. With the gentleman's per-
mission I desire to ask him, in regard to those
bills now before his committee, whether, when
they were introduced here for reference, the
point of order was made upon them that they
had no business before that committee, but
belonged, under the rules of the House, to the
Reconstruction Committee.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. No, sir; one of
those resolutions was introduced before this
House galvanized into life again the Recon-
struction Committee for the remainder of the
session.
Mr. BLAINE. And all the bills that have
been referred to the gentleman's committee
since then were referred in direct violation of
a rule of this House; and if the point of order
had been made upon them they would not have
been referred to that committee. I do not
think that the gentleman's committee ought to
take advantage of the neglect of members to
make the point of order.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If this House has
by unanimous consent, since the adoption of
the resolution reviving the Reconstruction Com-
mittee, sent bills to the Committee on Terri-
tories, it is no fault of the latter committee.
Mr. BLAINE. Unanimous consent, in nine
cases out of ten, is only another name for neg-
ligence on the part of the House. It was gross
negligence in this case.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Very well, sir,
that may be the opinion of the gentleman; but
so far as the House is concerned its action,
before the Reconstruction Committee was
reconstituted for this session, authorized the
committee of which I am chairman to report
a bill, and we intend to do it. '
Now, sir, I wish to examine briefly one or
two of the provisions of the amendment which
I have offered to the bill of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. Substantially this bill will be
reported by the Committee on Territories if
no bill is previously acted on by the House.
Mr. FINCK. I desire to ask my colleague
whether he can tell the House and the country
what the plan of congressional reconstruc-
tion is ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope to be able
to do so before I take my seat.
Mr. FINCK. We shall be very glad, indeed,
to learn it.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. At any rate, I shall
show that a majority of the Republican Union
party by their votes in the Thirty-Seventh and
Thirty-Eighth Congresses are committed to the
plan of reconstruction now proposed.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from New York,
[Mr-. Raymosd,] in his speech on the day before
yesterday, made an objection to the amend-
ment which I have offered because it abolishes
unqualifiedly the de faeto State governments
established' by the acting President in the late
rebel States, and claimed that in the interim
between the organization of the provisional
committees provided for in the bill and the
passage of the act abolishing these governments
anarchy would reign supreme in those States,
and he claimed that any government is better
than no government. Now, sir, the gentleman
from New York was mistaken. It is true that
there would be no local civil government left
in those States if the bill should pass abolish-
ing the present governments; but there is a
provision directing the President of the United
States to see that the laws of the United States
are executed in those States and the lives and_
property of our citizens protected.
Mr. BINGHAM. What laws of the United
States to protect life and property?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. No law of the
United States now on the statute-books; but
the President is required by the provisions of
my bill to use the entire military and naval
force of the nation to protect the lives and
property of the citizens in those States during
the interim. So far as that subject is con-
cerned the lives and property of the people will
be just as safe as they were during the interim
between the surrender of Lee and Johnston and
the organization of the present governments.
With the whole force of the United States at
the President's disposal, he can if he will pro-
tect the lives and property of the people quite
as well as he did after the surrender and until
the establishment of the governments now ex-
isting there.
Mr. BINGHAM. What provision is there
in this act for the protection of life and prop-
erty ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The bill provides
that the force of the United States shall be at
the disposal of our military commanders in
those States just as it was at the suppression
of the rebellion.
Mr. BINGHAM. What provision is there
to punish any acts' of petit larceny?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. There is none.
If any act of petit larceny is committed in
those States during the short interim contem-
plated it will not materially damage the loyal
men who have been exiled or despoiled of all
they possess. If such acts are committed upon
Union men under the present governments
there is- no chance for redress under these de
facto rebel governments. So far as 1 am con-
cerned, if I were a southern loyalist, I would
rather have no government at all than the in-
fernal despotism which to-day crushes the loyal
men of the South.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman tell
me what laws of the United States he considers
applicable to this country?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I have provided
in this bill for that.
- Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand the gen-
tlemen to say he expected the people of these
Territories to be protected by and under the
laws of the United States, enforced by the
President. Will the gentleman tell me what
laws he purposes shall be enforced?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. My colleague has
just propounded the same question, and I have
just answered it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was not able to hear
what occurred between the gentlemen and his
colleague.
-Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The whole ma-
chinery of the bill is to compel the President
