18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
to make a nomination before the end of the
next session, and in case of the nomination of
any other person or persons than the one so
commissioned, and the refusal of the Senate to
advise and consent thereto, the office shall not
be considered as vacant upon its adjournment,
but the person so commissioned shall continue'
toholdand enjoy the same duringthe recess, and
until he shall be cither nominated and rejected,
or duly superseded by a new appointment;
and the other providing that the heads of De-
partments shall hold their offices for the term
of four years unless removed with the concur-
rence of the Senate; and shall moreover nomi-
nate, and by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate appoint, all their assistants and
subordinates, to hold for the like period, unless
removed in the same manner.
The bill rests, therefore, on the hypothesis
that the power of removal does not rightfully
belong to the President alone—even if ho
can be properly claimed to have any share
of it, under the Constitution—and cannot be
safely left wifti that officer without any restraint
upon its exercise; and this as a general princi-
ple, and without any reference to the merits
or demerits of the existing functionary. It pro-
poses to improve the rare advantage of a dis-
sociation between the party in power here and
the President of its own choice, for the correc-
tion of a great evil, by a surrender and dedica-
tion of the spoil which that party may be sup-
posed to have won, upon the public altar, and
for the nation's benefit, through all coming time.
It aims at the reformation of a giant vice in
the administration of this G overnment, by bring-
ing its practice back from a rule of its infancy
and inexperience, resting mainly, perhaps, on
its unbounded confidence in the personal vir-
tues of its first Chief Magistrate, to what are
believed to be the true spirit and meaning of
its fundamental law.
To accomplish this object it disturbs no title,
and attacks no judicial precedent. It strikes
not even at any prescription with "the hoar
of innumerable ages" upon it. It contem-
plates but the review of a legislative opinion
of yesterday, under the lights that a miracu-
lous growth and an era of revolution have shed
upon it, along with the resumption of a consti-
tutional power thathasbeen heretofore surren-
4ered.
Nor is this the first occasion on which that
opinion has been questioned. It was antici-
fated by a denial of an authoritative character,
t was the opinion of a divided court. There
has been no time, I think, at which its sound-
ness has not been disputed. It has been sub-
jected again and again to the most damaging
criticism by the best professional minds of the
nation. It lias found no favor anywhere, I
think, upon the score of reason. It is not even
old enough to be venerable. There is nothing
irreverent, therefore, in its impeachment, even
though time might be supposed to consecrate
error, or a prescription to run against truth or
reason in the forum of the statesman.
To estimate justly, however, the weight to
which it is entitled, it is necessary to show its
precise extent, the circumstances by which it
was attended, and the argument on which it
was sustained, before proceeding to discuss
the question on original grounds and with a
sole reference to the Constitution itself, on the
hypothesis that it is still an open one.
It is to be noted, then, that while it was
objected widely in advance of the adoption of
the Constitution, by those who were opposed to
it, that it would give to the Executive the
powers of a King, it does not seem even to have
occurred to those who were the most ingenious
in exploring and exaggerating its defaults, that
there was anything in it which could be con-
strued to bostow on ,the President the emi-
nently regal power of displacing the officers of
the G ovarnment at his own individual will. It
does appear, however, to have been argued
by its friends, in answer to the objection of
instability through frequent changes of admin-
istration, that inasmuch- as the Senate was to
cooperate in the business of appointments, and
"its consent would therefore be necessary to
displace as well as to appoint, a change of the
Chief Magistrate would not occasion so violent
or so general a revolution as might be expected
if he were the sole disposer of the offices."
(Federalist, No. 77.) The undisputed assump-
tion, therefore, that the President could not
remove, was one of the arguments on which the
briefness of his tenure and the frequency of elec-
tions were defended, and the instrument itself
commended to the support of the people of the
States by the leading spirits who presided at
its formation.
When the First Congress met, however, to in-
augurate the Government then newly formed,
the question arose at.once, on the establishment
of the Department of.Foreign Affairs, whether
thehead ofthatbureau should be made, in terms,
removable by the President; one party claiming
that the power of removal was included in the
power to appoint, and could, therefore, be ex-
ercised only in connection with the Senate, and
the other, with Madison at its head, asserting
with equal confidence, that it was a strictly
executive function, and as such, conferred on
the President by the first section of the second
article of the Constitution. The result was, not
a decision, but what better deserves to be char-
acterized as a compromise or evasion of the
question, by the substitution for the words, '' to
be removable by the President," of the phrase-
ology, "whenever the said principal officer
shall be'removed by the President, or in any
other case of vacancy, the chief clerk shall take
charge of the papers," &o.; a result which
by no necessary inference imported anything
more than an implied or permissive authority,
which the Opposition was ready to accord to
the President on personal grounds, but which
the friends of that officer, claiming it under the
Constitution as his right, were not willing to
accept as a grant. In this shape, however,
after a protracted contest and a close division
in the House, the bill was passed through com-
mittee in the Senate by the casting vote of the
Yice President, and finally by one majority.
It is worthy of remembrance, however, that
the Vice President was John Adams, and the
President himself a man without "that sin by
which the angels fell," who had never betrayed
a trust or abused a power; and that, moreover,
the weight of the argument turned on the im-
probability of future degeneracy, and the lia-
bility to impeachment in case of possible cor-
ruption or profligacy in future times. But
succeeding Congresses went still further, in
making the tenure of offices over which the
Constitution had endowed them with exclusive
and unquestionable control, dependent on the
pleasure of the Executive, and the nation ac-
quiesced under an experience of forty years,
which seemed to justify the confidence that the
virtues of its first Chief Magistrate had inspired.
It was not until it was startled from its secu-
rity in 1829 by the new and atrocious doctrine,
that the public offices were but the lawful
plunder of contending factions, and the profli-
gate cry that1' to the victors belong the spoils,''
that it began seriously to inquire into the wis-
dom and lawfulness of a practice that had grown
up sub silentio, and apparently fastened itself
upon the Government. The result of that in-
quiry, however, was a general conviction that
there was no warrant for it in the Constitution,
and no more of force in the argument that had
been allowed to prevail, than there was of the
prophetic spirit in the statesmen who were so
prodigal of their assurances that no evil could
flow from it, and that the corrective would be
an easy one. That conviction was shared by
the very ablest men of the nation, who had been
trained in the study of its Constitution under
the light of nearly half a century's experience,
and were agreed upon the necessity of such a
reform as would bring the Government back to
its true principles. Mr. Webster, in a speech
made by him in the Senate in 183d, holds this
emphatic language:
"After considering the question again and again
within the last sis years, I am willing to say that in
my deliberate judgment the original decision was
wrong. I cannot but think that those who denied
the power in 1789 had the best of the argument. Tfe
appears to me, afterthorough and repeated and con-
scientious examination, that an erroneous interpre-
tation was given to the Constitution in this respect
by the decision of the First Congress."
And again:
" I have the clearest conviction that they [the Con-
vention] looked to no other mode of displacing an
officer than by impeachment, or the regular appoint-
ment of another person to the same place."
And further:
"I believe it to be within the just power of Con-
gress to reverse the decision of 1789, and I mean to
hold myself at liberty to act hereafter upon that
question as the safety of the Government and of the
Constitution may require."
The like opinion was obviously held by both
Kent and Story, and the same is inferrible
from the report made by Mr. Calhoun to the
Senate, on the subject of removals from office,
in 1835. If earlier authority were necessary,
however, it maybe found, not only in the Fed-
eralist, but in a letter of Alexander Hamilton
to James McHenry, then Secretary of War, writ-
ten in 1799, and about ten years after the debate
in Congress that is supposed to have settled this
question.
It was in vain, however, that the statesmen
of a later period, in view of the enormous
abuses that threatened to overthrow the just
balances of this Government, and to dwarf all
its other departments under the overshadowing
growth of the executive, pointed out the error
into which we had fallen, and the rocks upon
which the ship of state was driving with such
headlong impetuosity. A triumphant party,
supported, as it was almost sure to be, by an
unscrupulous majority in both Houses, and
looking to the offices of the Government as its
lawful spoil, was sure to resist, and resist suc-
cessfully, every attempt to get back to the true
reading of the Constitution; while this power
of resistance was equally sure to be strength-
ened by the increase of the means of corrup-
tion in the multiplication of the Federal offices.
That increase was, even in ordinary times, but
a natural and necessary result of our marvelous
growth as a nation. The exigencies of the war
through which we have just passed, and the new
and heavy responsibilities it has left behind it,
swelling our armies beyond example, and ne-
cessitating the establishment of a new depart-
ment of the public service, that permeates the
land, and enters the castle and unlocks and in-
spects the cupboard and the strong-box of
every citizen, have administered to it an im-
pulse that has carried it beyond the remotest
point it was likely to have reached in the course
of another century. The Executive of this
nation, with its own tacit consent, now wields
a power over the fortunes of its people, that
would, in ambitious hands, and if adroitly used,
be sufficient, not only to buttress and sustain a
throne, but to make him the envy of the proud-
est potentates of Christendom. He has not
hesitated to proclaim aloud that he intends to
use it to enforce his will; and upon this hint
I now propose to strip him of the ability to
make good his menaces, by reasserting the au-
thority of Congress, and taking back into its
own custody, and for its own defense, the jewel
with which it has so generously and improvi-
dently parted in the honeymoon of its exist-
ence, when all was confidence and love.
And now as.to the extent of the decision, the
length and breadth of the swaddling-clothe3
that are supposed to fit us now, and cramp the
movements of a giant State in the direction of
reform. Confounded as it has been with a prac-
tice that has only followed out its spirit, its
effect, I think, has been greatly magnified in
the general estimation. In itself, and apart
from the debate to which it gave rise, it de-
cides absolutely nothing, except that in the
absence of all legislation, the power of removal,
in eases of appointments confided to the -Ex-
ecutive by the Constitution, belongs to him
alone. It rules nothing as to cases where the
term is fixed, or as to inferior officers, where
the mode of appointment is left entirely with
