1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10
Congress. The question involved was as to
the heads of the Departments only, and al-
though the line of demarkation has never yet
been authoritatively drawn between the supe-
rior and inferior officers of the Government, it
may be safely assumed that as the head—which
is the constitutional phraseology—is superior to
all the other members of the body, so these
functionaries are to be classed among the su-
perior officers whose appointment is vested
by (he Constitution, though only siib rnodo,
in the President. There was no question, how-
ever, as to the power to regulate the duration
of the office. It stood indefinite ou the bill.
In that condition it was not disputed that the
tenure must be either at pleasure, or dur-
ing good behavior. The Constitution had as-
signed the latter to no other officers except the
judges, and the inference was irresistible that
all others must hold their places by the former,
unless Congress should give some other dura-
tion to their offices. (2 Story's Commenta-
ries, see. 1537; 1 Lloyd's Debates, 511, 512.)
The point in dispute was only at whose pleas-
ure they were to be held; whether at that of the
appointing power, or of the President alone.
And this accords precisely with the statements
of both Kent and Story, the two leading com-
mentators on the Constitution, and unquestion-
ably the highest authorities in the country.
The former describes it as "a question whether
the power of removal in case ofofficers appointed
to hold at pleasure, or where the duration is
not specially declared, resided anywhere but in
the body that appointed." (1 Kent's Commen-
taries, see. 14, pages 808-11.) The latter puts
it in the same way, by condensing the whole
issue into the two great questions: first, to
whom, in the absence of all legislation regu-
lating the duration of the officc, does the power
of removal belong? And second, if to the Ex-
ecutive, in cases confided to him by the Consti-
tution, can Congress give any duration to the
office not subject to the exercise of such
power? (2 Story's Commentaries, sec. 1537,
citing 1 Lloyd's "Debates, 511,12.) The latter
of these two questions has not, he says, been
raised, because all our legislation has recog-
nized the executive power of removal as in full
force, and the case here rests, of course, only
on a silent practice, which had the recommen-
dation of convenience, and was maintained by
the harmonious cooperation of the several de-
partments of the Government, anda well-author-
ized confidence in the Executive, which is now
greatly disturbed, if not altogether destroyed.
As regards, however, the former of these ques-
tions, they are equally agreed that the decision
was an anomalous one. Judge Story speaks
of it as "constituting the most extraordinary
case, in the history of the Government, of a
power conferred by implication on the Execu-
tive, by the assent"of a bare majority in Con-
gress, which has not been questioned on many
other' occasions." (2 Commentaries, 1543.)
Chancellor Kent, referring to the fact that it
had never been made the subject of judicial
discussion, and that the construction given in
1789 had continued to rest on "this loose, in-
cidental, and declaratory opinion of Congress,"
and although suggesting that it_ might now be
considered "firmly and definitively settled,"
is constrained to speak of it, as "a striking fact
in th e constitutional history of our Government.,
that a power so transcendent as that which
places at the disposal of the President alone,
the tenure of every executive officer appointed
by the President and Senate, should depend on
inference merely, and should have been gratui-
tously declared by the First Congress in oppo-
sition to the high authority of the Federalist,
and supported, or acquiesced in, by some of
those distinguished men who questioned or
denial the power of Congress to incorporate a
national bank." (1 Kent's Commentaries, sec.
14, pages 308-11.) The Chancellor does not
speak "with the precision of the lawyer, and
forgets his own statement, when he describes
it as a power which places at the disposal of
the President alone the tenure of every execu-
tive officer appointed by the President and
Senate. He does show, however, the training
of the judge, in his remark that the construc-
tion based on such foundations might now be
considered as " firmly and definitively settled.''
Nobody but a man with a religious reverence
for precedents, could have supposed that an
ephemeral practice of forty years' continuance,
upon a question of governmental power so im-
portant as this, could settle forever the meauing
of the fundamental law of a great State. It
required six centuries of struggle to settle
down the constitution of England on the basis
of the Great Charter, and no parliamentary
precedent of the reigns even of the Plantage-
nets or the Tudors, was allowed to stand in the
way of the progressive movement that culmi-
nated in the Revolution of 1688.
It is worthy of remark, moreover, that neither,
of these justly distinguished jurists has inti-
mated a doubt as to the power of Congress to
regulate the duration of the inferior offices in
such a way as to take them entirely out of the
control of the Executive. Judge Story, on the
contrary, observes that " as far as Congress
has the power to regulate and delegate the
appointment of inferior officers, so far they
may prescribe the term of office, the manner in
which and the persons by whom the removal as
well as the appointment to officc shall bo made.''
(2 Story's Commentaries sec. 1537, citing Mar-
bury vs. Madison, 1 Craneh, 137, 155.) And
again : " If there has been any aberration it will
be difficult, perhaps impracticable, now to re-
call the practice to the correct theory. But at
all events it will be a consolation to those who
love the Union, and honor a devotion to the
patriotic discharge of duty, that in regard to
inferior offices, which probably include ninety-
nine out of the hundred, the remedy for any
permanent abuse is still within the power of
Congress by the simple expedient of requiring
the consent of the Senate in such cases."
{Ibid., sec. 1544.) And Chancellor Kent in-
dorses this in a note, referring to the frequency
of the exercise of this power by President
Jackson, as having created serious doubts as
to the propriety of the concession by the First
Congress, and remarking that a high authority
had declared it to be in the power of Congress
to correct this by placing the appointment of
inferior officers in other hancfe. (1 Kent's
Commentaries, 309-11, citing 3 Story, 394-7.)
And this is in accordance also with the legis-
lation of the Government on more than one
occasion, although it is assumed by those who
rest upon the practice, that it has been inva-
riably the other way. The early case of Mar-
bury vs. Madison proves this beyond dispute.
Marbury was a justice of the peace for this
District, appointed by Jolm Adams just before
his retirement, underthe authority of an act of
Congress of 1801, fixing the term at five years.
President Jefferson withheld the commission
after it had been signed and registered. If he
could have removed the officer, it would have
been idle to stand upon the delivery of the
commission, but it was assumed by the court,
and conceded on all hands, that he was not
removable, except for cause, until the expira-
tion of his term.
But even in the case of an office determi-
nable at pleasure, as that of deputy marshal,
an act passed by the very Congress of 1789
itself, not only recognizes and assorts the right
to take the power of removal from the Presi-
dent, but to sever it from the appointing power
itself, by vesting it in the judges of the circuit
and district courts. (Act of 24th September,
1789.) And in a still later case, (act of March 3,
1865, section twelve,) it has been provided that
where an officer in the military or naval service,
who may be dismissed by the authority of the
President, shall demand a trial, he shall con-
vene a court-martial, and if they shall not award
the punishment of dismissal or death, or the
court shall not be convened within six months,
the order of dismissal shall be void ; and this
notwithstanding die fact, that the punishment
by impeaclimcnt is confined by the Constitu-
tion to civil officers, and therefore, by neces-
sary inference, all others are removable in a
different way, and although, too, the Presi-
dent is, by virtue of his office, the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States.
To show, moreover, that this was the inter-
pretation given to the legislative action of .1789,
and is in accordance with judicial opinion in the
States, upon analogous provisions in their own
constitutions, it is only necessary to refer to a
decision of the supreme court of Pennsylvania,
made as early_ as 1820, and when its judges were
unusually eminent, to the effect that the tenure
of ministerial offices in general is during pleas-
ure, unless the law establishing the office orders
it otherwise. (Com. ex relatione vs. Sassier,
&c.,5S. &R.,457.)
And now, having, as I think, ascertained
and defined the precise extend of the decision
supposed to have been made in 1789, let us
proceed to look into the argument by which it
was sustained, and ascertain what the Consti-
tution itself has to say on this subject.
It is agreed, then, on all hands, that the power
of removal must reside somewhere, wljen thje
term is indefinite. This bill denies it to the
President alone, in all eases where the Senate
has shared in the appointment; or, in other
words, declares that nothing short of-the power
that makes shall unmake—which is but the
logical result of the doctrine of the minority
in 1789, that the power to remove is included
in or but an incident to the power to appoint;
a doctrine, which is now sustained, as 1 shall
show hereafter, by the authority of the-Supreme
Court of the United States.
On this point, however, the Constitution fs
silent, except so far as it is made a part of
the judgment in cases of conviction on im-
peachment for "treason, bribery, or other high
crimes and misdemeanors." Nobody has ever
pretended that it was anywhere expressly con-
ferred but in this single case, where it is lodged
exclusively with Congress. If it exists, there-
fore, at all, it is only by implication or infer-
ence.
Taking it, however, to rest, as claimed, either
upon the power to appoint, as an inseparable
incident thereof, or on the general assignment
of executive powers to the President alone, it
becomes important to look into the provisions
of that instrument which bear upon these twq
subjects.
And first, it is to be observed, that the Con-
stitution nowhere vests the appointing j>ower
in the President alone. It authorizes him to
nominate, but only by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate to appoint, the officers
therein described, and " all others that might
be established by law." This, therefore, is the
general rule.
The exceptions, if they can be so termed, are
first, that" in cases of vacancy happening during
the recess of the Senate," and when that body
is, of course, in no condition to be consulted,
and to cooperate; or, in other words, where an
appointment isimpracticable,forthetimebeing,
underthe rule, the President shall, not appoint,
but merely supply the interregnum, or "fill up
the vacancy" by a commission which shall only
endure "until the end of the next session," Or
until they shall be in a condition to exercise
their powerof concurrence in or rejection of an
appointment: and secondly, that in cases of
inferior officers, the Congress may bestow on
"the President alone," or the heads of De-
partments, or the -courts, the privilege of
appointing without the advice or consent of
the Senate, whieh is a recognition of the rule,
and makes a solemn act of the Legislature
necessary to dispense with it oven in inferior
cases.
It would seem, therefore, too clear for dis-
pute, if it has not the forcc of a self-evident
proposition, that the framers of the Constitu-
tion intended to place an effective check upon
the President in this important matter,_ by
denying to him in all cases the right to wield
this formidable power alone, except where the
accidents of administration mighfc_ render it
temporarily necessary, or the insignificance of
the place might make it safe, in the judgment
