1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
785
North, Mr. Breckinridge had been assassinated
as Mr. Lincoln was assassinated, and the apos-
tate abolitionist had come into the presidency
as Mr. Johnson came into it, and he had par-
doned and appointed throughout the North
and the entire country the men who had been
chiefs of the rebellion, turned out the men who
had elected him, and appointed their unrelent-
ing enemies, what would have been your de-
nunciations ? Sir, I know the denunciations
on this side of the House are mildness in com-
parison with the terrible denunciations which
would have been hurled at this apostate and
usurper by the men on that side of the House.
And they would not have stopped with denun-
ciations ; he would have been impeached and
deposed before to-day.
Sir, all I ask, and all the loyal men of this
country ask who have sacrificed so much in
blood and treasure in putting down the rebel-
lion, is that in the restoration of these States
care shall be taken that the national Govern-
ment shall not again be imperiled by a counter-
revolution, in which the apostate President
shall be the leader, aided by the late rebels and
their northern allies. Hence I am in favor of
prompt and vigorous action by this Congress.
I hold that these governments set up by Mr.
Johnson are illegal, and I want them declared
illegal and void before this Congress adjourns,
i do not care if for a period of sixty days or
more or less, as alleged by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Raymoxd,] there should be
an interregnum in which there would be no
local civil governments in those States. If
you had been loyal men in New Orleans and
Memphis during the late massacre you would
have welcomed anarchy, anything, instead of
the governments which planned and executed
the murders there enacled. I would rather
have every man stand upon his own responsi-
bility as a man than to have governments
which exiled me from my home, confiscated
my property, or murdered me or mine with
impunity. In this city there are men to-day
who have been exiled from their homes, not
able to return, because of their fidelity to the
flag of the Union, and the Government of the
nation which they served during the war refuses
them protection in their homes.
What I want is not oaths ; I have not much
faith in oaths. I would trust some men on a
simple declaration, such as I quotedin a speech
on this subject at the last session, much sooner
than I would trust, those who hesitate at no
oath ; such a one, sir, as was made by a dis-
tinguished gentleman in North Carolina, Mr.
Reid, who presided over their recent recon-
struction convention, and who had been him-
self a rebel. His declaration was such that
when I read it in California I said in my heart
there is a man I can take by the hand and wel-
come back to the old family mansion. Bad
men will take any oath under the advice and
lead of unscrupulous politicians. We have
witnessed its fatal workings in Maryland.
I want peace. I want unity, I want the Gov-
ernment restored, but I do not want the men
who conquered the rebellion proscribed and
the governments of the rebel States carried on
by the men who have been waging bitter war
against us for the past four years. I utterly
repudiate the assumption of the President that
he can parole armies and then authorize these
paroled prisoners of war to form constitutional
State governments for the loyal men in the
Slates recently in rebellion. 1 know very well
if gentlemen on the other side had been in
poiver m the ease supposed by me a while ago
what they would have done. There would
have been no let up on their part. There
would have been no such mercy as we have
shown ; no such mild terms of restoration sub-
mitted as we have proposed. There would
have been 110 such forgiveness. But they would
have proscribed, and proscribed to the bitter
end. The) would have maintained their party
organization in every rebel State against any
and ail attempts to overthrow it by tho. e who
had so recently been their enemies and the
enemy of the nation. I say wo are ready to
39tii Gong. 2b Sess.—No. 50.
forgive the great body of the southern people,
we are anxious to forgive them; but we are de-
termined, by the grace of God, that these rebel
State organizations shall not be recognized,
come what may; ftiat disloyal Representatives
shall not appear upon this floor, nor shall the
electoral votes of such States be counted in any
presidential election until constitutional gov-
ernments have been organized and recognized
by the Congress of the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JULTAN obtained the floor.
Mr. WINFIELD. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. JuLiAXpwill permit me, before he
commences his address, to call the attention of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to an
expression in the remarks he has just made. I
understood the gentleman to use this language,
and I desire to ask him whether 1 quote cor-
rectly or not:
"Why, sir, the assumption, the brazen-faced as-
sumption of men here, who during the entirewar were
in secret alliance with the rebels, coming here now
and joining hand"! with the apostate a t the other end
of the avenue, who is the leader, the recognized
leader of a counter-revolution—a negative rebellion
as I said awhile ago—passes comprehension."
I desire to ask the gentleman to whom he
referg ^
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, sir, I in-
tended to refer to the great body of men in the
Opposition, to every man who was opposed to
the war and opposed to the draft; who dis-
couraged enlistments, who harbored deserters;
who went into secret societies in order to organ-
ize conspiracies in the North, whether they
were in this House or in any other place.
Mr. WINFIELD. The gentleman used the
expression "men here." I desire to know
whether he intends to charge that there are
men here who were in secret alliance with the
enemy during the rebellion.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, sir, "I am
unable to say from any personal knowledge
whether any such men are here. But, sir,
from general representation and from the votes
of gentlemen in opposition to the war—"not
another man, not another dollar'1—from
speeches made by gentlemen on the other side
of the House, I have no doubt some of them
are here and have been here during the war.
Mr. WINFIELD. I do not_propose to be
tried on general reputation, i desire to say
for myself, and so far as I know from my asso-
ciates on this floor of my own school of pol-
itics, that the insinuation that we are or ever
have been in alliance with the rebels is utterly
untrue, and, if intended to apply to us, is a
base and unfounded slander.
Mr. HUNTER. I say that, so far as I am
concerned, it is a base lie.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Y'ork is out of order.
Mr. HILL. I ask that the words of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Huxter] be
taken down.
The SPEAKER. The words will be taken
down and the Chair will rule upon them.
The Clerk read the words taken down, as
follows:
" Mr. IIcxter. I say that, so fax as I am c n-
ceriied, it is a base lie."
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
they are out of order.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. They are
nevertheless true.
The SPEAKER. The genfleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] is not in order in inter-
posing that remark, because the Chair rules
011 a parliamentary question.
Mr. IvELLEY. I ask that the additional
words of the gentleman from New York be
taken down.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Does the
gentleman allude to what I said?
Mr. KELLBY. I speak of tke gentleman
from New Y'ork, and I ask that the additional
word that ho spoke^-1'Nevertheless they are
true''—be taken down.  
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I made
that remark, and if the gentleman wants to hear
it again I will repeat it.
Mr. KELLEY. I want his words taken
down.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I move a vote of
censure, and I will prepare a resolution for
that purpose.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I demand
that the connection of the remarks excepted to
be also taken down.
The Clerk read the words of Mr. Rax dau-
bs taken down, as follows:
" Mr. Randall. They are nevertheless true."
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
is also out of order. The Clerk will report
Bule 61, to be found on page 76 of the Digest.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
"If any member, in speaking or otherwisejjtans-
gresses the rules of the Mouse, the Speaker stitfiT, or
any member may, cali to order; in which ease the
member so called to order shallimmediately sitdown,
unless permitted to explain; and the House shall, if
appealed to, decide on the ease, but without debate.
If there be no appeal the decision of the Chair shall
be submitted to. If the decision be in favor of the
member ealled to order, he shall be at liberty to pro-
ceed ; if otherwise he shall not be permitted to pro-
ceed in case any member object, without leave of the
House; and if the case require it he shall bo liable
to censure."
Mr. HILL. Of course, Mr. Speaker, in the
hurry of the scenes now transpiring it is impos-
sible for me to present in writing a resolution
of censure; and I understand that only a writ-
ten resolution can be presented for action.
The SPEAKER. And it must be presented
at this time if at all.
Mr. HILL. I suppose time will be allowed
me to prepare a resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman ean move
a vote of censure ; then if any member demands
that it shall be reduced to writing the gentle-
man will have reasonable time allowed him to
do so.
Mr. HILL. Very well; I move a vote of
censure upon the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Huxter.]
Mr. WARD, of New York. I ask that the
motion be reduced to writing.
After some pause,
Mr. HILL said: Mr. Speaker, I offer the
following resolution, upon which I call the
previous question:
Resohed, That the gentleman from New York,
Hon. Mr. Hcxter, in stating, during debate in the
House, that the assertion of the gentleman from
Ohio, Hon. Mr. Ashley, ii "a base lie," has trans-
gressed the rules of this body, and that he be censured
for the same by the Speaker.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hcxter] qualified the remark
by saying, " if applied to himself."
Mr. HILL. I will incorporate the exact
language in the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The modification should
be incorporated in writing in the resolution.
Mr. HILL. I will make the change.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to make a single
suggestion. I desire to call the attention of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hiti.] and
of gentlemen around me here to the fact that
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wixfield]
| first stated that if the remarks of the gentle-
! man from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] were intended
to apply to him during the time he had been a
member of Congress, then they were untrue.
Then the other gentleman from New Y'ork [Mr.
Huxter] odded that if they were intended to
apply to him they were a base lie. Now, i
submit that the remarks of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wixfield] should be taken
in connection with the remarks of liis col-
league, [Mr. Hotter.]
Mr. HILL. I cannot yield for that. If the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Johxsox]
desires to censure his associate [Mr. Wix-
field] 1 have 110 objection to his bringing in
a resolution for that purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Hill] desires to censure any-
body upon an unfair statement he is welcome
to take tho responsibility of it.
Mr. HILL. I am willing to assume the re-
sponsibility of the motion I have made. If the
gentleman desires to except to it I havo no
objection to his expending his vials of wrath
upon me. • ^
