1866.
TSE CONG-RBSSIONAL GLOBE.
21
might organize State governments, and ordain
State constitutions, while we are denied the
humble privilege of suggesting amendments in
the interests of liberty, and denounced as no
better than " tinkers'' —I was going tosay tailors
—by the minions and upstarts, the pampered
and insolent menials, who liek the royal hand,
and look up beseechingly for the "'bread and
butter "that are flung contemptuously into their
hungry jaws. ' 1
In default, however, of the arguments from
inconvenience and necessity, is there anything
in the suggestion that this power of removal is
a part or incident of the power of appointment?
If there were, it would not help the case,
because the appointing power is nowhere lodged
in the President alone—the power to act dur-
ing the recess being a mere authority to fill
up vacancies ad interim—and the power to
remove, on this argument, could only be
exercisable in conjunction with the Senate.
But the Supreme Court of the United States
has solemnly decided that there is, and has on
this point affirmed the opinion of the minority
in the Congress of 1789. The case Ex relatione
Heenan (13 Peters, 230,) which was that of the
removal, by the presiding judge, of a clerk of
the district court of Louisiana, distinctly rules
that, in the absence of all constitutional provis-
ion, or statutory regulation, it is a sound and
necessary rule to consider (he power of re-
moval as incident to the power of appointment.
The removal there was by the judge who ap-
pointed. Upon the theory of the majority the
power would have resulted to the President.
And here I might rest the argument with
those who stand upon authority, and are willing
toacSept a judicial opinion in the place of a
legislative precedent.
But assuming that this power is but an inci
dent, and so belonging to the Senate, in con-
junction with the President, it is not only
insisted that where no tenure is prescribed, the
officer must necessarily hold at the will of the
appointing power, but assumed that no other
tenure is admissible.
It is not necessary, however, that the tenure
should be indefinite; and it is perhaps not safe,
and not strictly in harmony with the spirit of
our institutions, to leave it so, if the power
claimed resides with the President, and may
be exercised without cause, or without other
reason than the want of personal subserviency
to himself.
The Constitution looks to the creation and
establishment of all offices under it by the act
of the law-making power, and in no case but
that of the judges, and appointments made to
fill up vacancies ad interim, undertakes to
prescribe the tenure by which they are to be
held. But the power to create an office involves,
of course, the power to determine upon its
duration and duties, to say what it shall bo and
when it shall expire; the power, in short, to
make ail laws which may, in the judgment of
Congress, be necessary and proper for its reg-
ulation, including the period of service and the
pauses of removal. 1 know no limitation on the
power of Congress here, except in the assign-
ment to the President, in all cases but those of
inferior offices, of the right to nominate, and,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to appoint. Whenever an office is created
of the superior class, that power devolves, under
the Constitution, upon him, and cannot, of
course, be taken away. But with this excep-
tion only, and the cases of judges, and of ap-
pointments to fill vacancies, their jurisdiction
over the subject is absolute. If there be^ any-
thing to restrain or limit it beyond this, it
behooves those who so assert to show where
it is to be found.
It is a fair inference from the provisions just
recited, that the framers of the Constitution
intended to leave the question of official tenure
in all other than the excepted cases to congres-
sional regulation. To suppose that they designed
it to be indefinite, and therefore determinable
at the mere will of the appointing power, and
without responsibility for abuse, even though
that power were understood to comprehend
the Senate, would be a violent presumption
indeed. To conclude that they intended to
make it determinable at the mere will of the
President, either with or without cause, in view
of the extreme jealousy with which that de-
partment wag regarded, is absolutely incred-
ible. '
I take it, therefore, that Congress may dis-
pose of this question, even in the case of the
superior offices, by defining the tenure and
changing the character of the estate, so as, in
effect, to substitute its own will for that of the
President, by giving to it the form of law, in
accordance with the principles on which this
Government is founded.. An executive will
is only admissible in th# case of a despotic
Government, of which it is the very essence
and expression. The " sic volo, siejnhm; stet
pro ratione voluntas," is not the maxim for a
republican State.
But there is another ground—the one as-
sumed by Madison, and perhaps the only one'
on which these royal pretensions have ever
been plausibly defended—and that is, that the
pxercise of the power of removal, the same
being in its very nature an executive function,
falls necessarily within the meaning of that
clause of the Constitution which declares that
"the executive power shall be vested in a
President -of the United States;'' that all
executive powers not denied or lodged else-
where. are thereby vested in the President;
and that every participation of the Senate is
an exception to a general principle, and ought
to be taken strictly.
This argument assumes, in the first place, that
the power of removal is essentially an execu-
tive power, as I understand it to be just now
asserted by the Attorney General to be. I
know no reason to warrant the assumption.
Whether it be so or not, will depend, i sup-
pose, on what the Constitution makes it. There
is nothing in the act itself, that decides it to be
a ministerial function only. It involves the
exercise of a discretion that does not belong
to ministerial officers. So far as the Consti-
tution makes provision for its exercise, it gives
it. a judicial character entirely. True to the
idea on which our institutions rest, it leaves
nothing here to the mere will of the Execu-
tive. No man's fortune is_ made dependent
on a caprice that would make him a slave.
If an officer is to be removed, it declares in
what manner it shail be done, and that it
shall be only on sufficient cause, and with the
privilege of an impartial hearing, which this
bill is intended to secure. To infer, as seems
to be imported by the argument, that it is an
executive function, merely because the officer
who is the subject of it may happen to be an
executive officer, would be the most inconse-
quent of conclusions. If it were true, then the
election or removal of a President, or a Con-
gressman, or a judge, would be- a", executive,
legislative, or judicial act, according to the
quality of the subject with which it had to
deal, and without reference to the manner
in which the act might be performed. It is
the manner of performance, however, that
is to determine the character of the act. It
is a possible case, I suppose, that a man may
be legislated out of office, by repealing the law
creating it, or making the tenure dependent
on the will of Congress. Cleurlv a circuit or
a district judge may remove the clerk whom he
has appointed, because that power is held to
be an incident of the power to appoint, wherever
the tenure is indefinite ; but nobody has ever
claimed that the President can do it, or would
think of calling the act an executive one. If
Mr. Madison and the Attorney General were
right, however, in claiming it as an essentially
executive function, the decision in ex parte
Heenan was erroneous, and the power belonged
to the President alone.
If. however, the assumption, that the power
of appointment or removal was a purely execu-
tive one, was without warrant, as 1 think it was,
there is an end, of course, to the argument
based upon it, that the participation uf the
Senate was an exception to a general prin-
ciple, and ought, therefore, to be strictly con-
strued.
But even thongh the function were, in its
essence, an executive one, it does not theii
follow that it was conferred on the President,
by the clause which vests the executive power
in him, unless it can be held that all power
that would be regarded as executive-in Eng-
land, passed by the general grant—as it is
claimed to be—Whether it was embraced within
the scope and purview of the Constitution or'
not. * Mr. Madison insisted that the clause in
question carried everything that was not either
expressly denied, or lodged in other hands. If
it did, there is no prerogative of the British
Crown that might not be claimed for him,
because there are no negative words to restrain
his powers. Wo must look, however, to the
Constitution itself in order to interpret" the
intent of thegrant^-if itis to be.so considered.
It is bad logic to infer that anything passes by
it that is not to be found in the Constitution at
all, because that would enlarge the grant be-
yond the purview of the instrument. If he had
qualified his statement, by sayinglhat it carried'
everything within the scope and spirit of the
Constitution, that was purely executive, and
not denied expressly or byimplication, he would
have conformed to a rule of construction, that
in thesearchfor truthis universallyrecognized,
and absolutely essential tojight up the devious
passages and darkened chambers,-that so often
perplex the inquirer in the exploration of the
meaning of the lawgiver. There was no more
reason for excepting an express denial than an
implied one, and no excuse for the omission
when he was arguing the case of an implied or
inferential power. But to infer the existence
of that power from language so general, with-
out reference to the context, or the subject-mat-
tor, and in the face of an express provision
pointing out the method of impeachment, is
something in the way of argument, that not even
the deservedly great rpputation of Mr. Madison
himself can commend to the favorable judg-
ment of a disciplined logician of the present
day.
It seems to have been considered, however,
that the power of removal was conferred by a
sort of necessary implication, because the Presi-
dent is the responsible head to whom alt others
are subordinate, and bound by his oath for the
faifhful execution of the law, and that the power
was incidental to the duty, and might be requi-
site for its fulfillment.
Whether this much-talked of responsibility
of the President amounts to anything in prac-
tice, or can be held to go beyond an nonest
endeavor on his part to see that the laws are
faithfully executed, so far as lie is endowed with
the means of enforcing them, is more than can
be safely assumed, and more, I think, than any
friend of the Executive would care to affirm.
It does not, however, follow, ex iierc-sifatc. that
although there were a lailurc of duty on the
part of the office'-', the power of removal would
then belong to him either qua Executive, or
as general residuary legatee or trustee under
the Constitution, "it is neither essential not-
desirable that the officer should be responsible
to him, or subject to his will. This would be
to turn the faces of the public servant in the
direction of the President, just as the fire wor-
shiper salutes the opening glories of theking of
dav, or the sun-flower is supposed to "swing
the circle'' of the horizon in adoration of its
God. There is a responsibility to the law, as
there is a way of removal indicated by it, which
is in nowise dependent on the Executive will,
that holds the officer to the performance of his
duties, and is the only practical security for those
who are interested in it. Any other is more
imaginary than real, so long as it is enough for
the President himself to say that he is irre-
sponsible because he is without power in the
premises. He would be equally so in effect
with all the power that he claims. He may
sav that lie wants more than the Constitution
