22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
intended to give him, that it is our interest
that he should be gratified, and our necessity
that he should be enabled to do our work;
and a facile Attorney General, holding his own
place\by what he regards as the necessary
tenure of executive pleasure, will be always
found to attribute to him all he covets, upon
the convenient plea of an overruling public
necessity. He will do this naturally, because
he sees no power in the state, except the one
under whose shadow he reposes. If he can-
not torture the Constitution into a grant of
it, he will raise an incidental authority out
of a supposed necessity, for the fulfillment of
a general duty. The framers of the Constitu-
tion supposed that it might require an express
grant even to the legislative department, to
make such laws as might bg""neeessary and
proper for carrying into execution all the pow-
ers vested in the Government. But they did
not stop here. They looked to legislation only
to supply the needs of the other departments,
and provided them an auxiliary in Congress
to aid them in the execution of their duties.
They have done away, therefore, with the ne-
cessity of a resort to incidental powers in the
Executive. If there is a casus omissus in the
law it is for Congress to apply the remedy.
But it required no constitutional provision for
this purpose. Every Government has the in-
herent, because necessary, power of regulating,
the tenure and conduct of its own officers, and
displacing them at its own will, exceptwhcre
it is expressly forbidden by its fundamental
law. If the law is silent or defective it im-
ports no surrender of so important a function,
and no lapse to the executive magistrate.
But what is there at last in the clause that
vests the executive power in the President?
Nothing more than in the corresponding clauses
that vest the legislative power in Congress, and
the judicial in the courts. Tn any sense, it is
buta distribution or assignment to each of these
departments, of its appropriate share of the
powers actually conferred on the Government
by the Constitution. To say that this is in the
nature of a grant that passes all power that may
in any sense be regarded as executive, whether
conferred by that instrument or not, is some-
thing in the way of construction, that can find
no more favor with the statesman than with
the lawyer. In an absolute monarchy, where
everything depends upon a single will, all
powers may be said to be executive, because
there is no law but that will, which judges and
executes itself. It will hardly be contended
that the clausc in question was intended to
make the will of the Executive so large a part
of the administration of this Government.
Is it true, then, that upon such a case as this,
a mere acquiescence, or even a vicious prac-
tice of three quarters of a century, is to can-
onize a doctrine that is so manifestly in conflict
with the spirit of our Government, and the very
letter of our Constitution? I have asked on
another occasion—1 now repeat the question—
what is a century in the life of a State? What
would be thought, moreover, of a constitutional
amendment, or a declaratory law, broadly enun-
ciating and establishing the doctrine, that the
President may appoint and remove all officers
whose tenure is not made by the Constitution
dependent on good behavior, of his own un-
assisted volition, and without regard to the
merits or defaults of the objects of his bounty
or his displeasure? "Would Congress or the
people agree to such a proposition? And yet
this is precisely what is now claimed for him,
and what he is now actually doing, on the
hypothesis of a Cabinet minister, that the
offices of the Government, as the rightful
appanage of the Crown, are his property, and
those who fill them were intended to be the
mere creatures of his will.
When it was suggested in the debate of 1789,
that this enormous power might be thus abused
to the destruction of our liberties, the answer
was, that this was impossible, and would consti-
tute a clearly impeachable offense, if done, and
upon this point there was apparently no divided
sentiment. Since that time, and especially
after the lapse of the first forty years, it is not
to be denied that the patronage of the Govern-
ment has more than once been brought in con-
flict with the freedom, not only of elections, but
of opinion. It was reserved for us to hear it
publicly and defiantly declared, for the first time
in our history, to be the settled intention of the
Executive to use the patronage we gave him—
ay, to foot the objects of his predecessor's
trust, as he "would spurn a stranger cur, over
his threshold' '•—for the purpose of overruling
the judgment of Congress, and bending the
whole nation to his will; and the results of
the elections in Philadelphia and New York, so
happily overruled by. the healthful influences
of the country, show that it was no idle menace
on his part.
But what avails either the supervisory power
of the Senate, or the remedy by impeachment,
which was relied on by the Congress of 1789,
as against a high delinquent who holds the spoils
of a nation in his hands? Has the constitu-
tional brake been put down even where it might
have been ? And if it were, ho w is it to help us,
when the jurisdiction of the Senate is ousted
by the many ingenious deviccs of tyranny, that
have found a ready support in the opinions of
the law officers of the Government ? May it
not be said with truth, and without offense, that
the Senate itself has tacitly countenanced, if
notapproved, removals for opinion's sake—the
very offense that would have warranted an
impeachment, in the judgment of the Congress
of 1789—by confirming nominations made obvi-
ously on no other grounds? What, then, are
we to hope from the slow and doubtful and,
perhaps, obnoxious process of impeachment,
where the criminal is a President, and a vote
of two thirds is required to convict? If you
would impeach successfully, you must strip
him of his power over the fortunes of the citi-
zen. No glittering bauble must be allowed to
dazzle the vision, or tempt the cupidity or the
ambition of either the prosecutor or the judge.
No army of stipendiaries must be allowed to
surround his person and depend upon his will.
Invested with all these imperial prerogatives,
and backed by the power of the sword, another
President, with more discretion and wiser coun-
selors, may threaten the public peace, and
threaten it more successfully, by flinging him-
self into the arena, with an array more formi-
dable than either the Household Swiss or the
incipient Prtetorian guard who lately mustered
on the royal summons, and disputing with you
the mastery of the empire.
Have not the people been already told by
the Executive himself that we were too lavish
of our confidence, and that they owed it to his
forbearance and humility alone that he had not
accepted the crown, and endued himself in the
purple that we had offered him ? Have they
not been asked by his chief adviser whether
they would have him for President or King?
Reduced to his constitutional nakedness, he is
still formidable enough, but not so formidable
as to endanger our liberties. What is ho with-
out the use of the unrestricted patronage that
he commands? But for that, is it within the
range of probability that any Executive would
have ventured to insult and defy the loyal peo-
ple of the nation, by denouncing its high legis-
lative council—the constitutional depositary of
its will—as a body of usurpers—"traitors on
the other end of the line''—in actual rebellion
against the Soufh, and proclaiming that it was
to his self-denial only that they were indebted
for the preservation of their liberties? Butfor
the prestige which it gives him, who would
have thought it necessary to inquire whether
the President would recognize the next Con-
gress, or submit to the public will, or favor the
adoption of the constitutional amendment by
the rebel States? If he were indeed the "hum-
ble individual" we have so often heard of, who
would send, or who would listen to the daily
bulletins announcing royal conferences upon
the settlement of the nation, or imperial re-
solves upon the great questions of war and
peace with neighboring States? Without the
power to reward his favorites, by putting a gold
chain about their necks, and lifting them to the
highest places in the kingdom, where was that
spoil-engenderedand spoil-inspired array—that
formidable shape—
" If shape it might bo called that shape had none
Distinguishable in member, joint, or limb,
Or substance might be called that shadow seemed"—
"the National Union party?" Who is
there, in that case, of all the menials who
have reechoed the classic objurgations with
which the representative body of this nation
has been assailed, that would have been so
poor to do their author reverence ? What else
than the abject servility that flatters and in-
toxicates—unless it were the Providence that
sent out Pharaoh with his captains in the pur-
suit of the fugitives of Israel—could have in-
spired the royal progress and the royal speech,
and launched its victim on that crusade which
ended so unhappily for himself? May I not
ask, "Upon what other meat has this our Csesar
fed that he" is grown so great ?'' Pass this bill,
and the bloated and exaggerated power that
now "bestrides this land like a Colossus,"
and bids us all " to hide between its legs and
find ourselves dishonorable graves," will sink
down at once into its constitutional and health-
ful proportions. Pass this bill, and you may
dispense with the dead letter of the impeach-
ing power, because no future President will
then presume either to depose, or ignore the
legislative authority of this nation, or to
refuse obedience to the high behests of the peo-
ple, as expressed through their Representa-
tives. Heed not a vicious precedent, as big with
ruin as the primal fault, the plucking of the
fruit, "whose mortal taste brought death into
the world.'' What though the Fathers may have
erred, asdid the first? Their fault may be re-
paired. It is of no consequence to us what the
Congress of 1789 may have decided, or what
any of their successors may have acquiesced
in, if they were wrong, and the life of the
nation has been imperiled by their error. The
public interests, the safety of the State, the
sentiments of the people, all demand some
measure of the kind which this bill proposes;
and this Congress will fail in its duty, and dis-
appoint the just expectations of its constitu-
ents, if it adjourns without providing it. Reject
it, and the golden opportunity—the ebb of the
tide that has gone back under the earthquake
shock of the ballot-box, and now invites you
to build up a dike that the returning waters
shall never overleap—is gone, perhaps, for-
ever. It is not often that a President comes
in with that kind of courage which is required
for the betrayal of his party and his country,
or the abandonment of the principles and
pledges on which he was elected. It has never
happened before—and perhaps never will again
—that the party so betrayed has been honest
enough, to fling the offices of the Government
behind it, like the temptation in the wilderness,
and strong enough, and courageous enough,
to grapple successfully with the hydra it had
unwittingly engendered.
The people are now here in their unclouded
power. They have taken the Government into
their own hands. They have rebuked and
trodden down the arrogant pretensions of the
Executive. They have stricken the veto dead
inhishands. They have declared that he shall
not stand at your doors to arrest your legisla-
tion, as ho has publicly threatened thathe would
do. They have degraded him, for the time
being, from your associate in council, to the
mere minister of your will. It is their high
and irreversible decree, that the public servant
■who presumed to deny their jurisdiction and
yours, over the most momentous question of
your history, shall stand aside until you have
disposed of it, and then execute your judg-
ment in good faith, whether it be agreeable
to him or not. They have now reviewed and
reaffirmed their decision of 186-1, and again
instructed you to enact such laws as you may
think proper, and to see that they are hon-
