1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
estly enforced, or that the impediment is re-
moved Pass this bill, as the first in the order
of necessity, and the residue of the work will
be of easy accomplishment. Reject it,sand
posterity will grieve that the courage which liad
conquered treason twice was not seconded by
the spirit that might have shorn its locks, and.
bound it in everlasting chains.
We make history to-day. . The classic Muse
who looks down from her pedestal on this
Chamber, stands ready, with uplifted styte, to
write the chapter that is to record the doings
of this session. It behooves us to see that the
judgment of a nation is_ not made void by
the faint-heartedness of its Representatives.
There is no time now for dalliance with the
power that we have conquered. No gentle
speech, "no candy courtesies," no dull obliv-
ion of the pregnant past, befits the crisis that
is on us now. We have just trodden the wine-
press of Revolution, to encounter at its closing
doors the bloodier form of Anarchy, while the
untamed fiends of the rebellion, their appetites
inflamed and their hands dripping with the
blood of the martyrs, laughed—asnonebuWhe
damned could laugh—at the rising vision, but
dimly foreshadowed by the St. Bartholomews
of Memphis and New Orleans, of the opening
of another seal, which should turn our rivers
into blood, and visit upon us and our children
more than apocalyptic woes.
Over that precipice of ruin this nation has
hung trembling for the last few months. The
virtue and intelligence of a free people, inspired
and directed by the providence of G-od, have
bridged the fathomless abyss that yawned before
us, and saved jjs from the horrors of this second
death. We can now look back and measure
the danger, and detect its source. We know its
cause. ExecutiveusurpaUon — despoticwill—
encouraged and reenforced by the unlimited
command of all the offices of the Republic,
and all the corrupting influences which they
can employ, is written in flaming characters
upon every rock that has threatened us with
shipwreck. This giant power must be abridged
if our peace is to be maintained, and our liber-
ties made sure. The time is no w to put a hook
in the jaws of this leviathan that has tempested
the waters, and moor him to his proper place
under the Constitution. If we fail, the evil
will go "on swelling in volume, and accumulat-
ing a resistless momentum as it flows, until the
one-man power, become all in allj enthroned in
solitary state, like some volcanic peak, shall
tower aloft, uncontrollable and supreme, over
a nation of slaves.
Before the conclusion of the above remarks,
Mr. Williams'shourhavingexpired, onmotion
of Mr. Shellabarger, by unanimous consent,
his time was extended.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to say now to
the House, with their consent, I will ask for a
vote on the motion to reconsider. I do not
propose to urge the passage of this bill with
any unnecessary rapidity. It is a matter of
great consequence and requires careful delib-
eration. I demand the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
withdrawthe demand for the previous question.
Mr. WILLIAMS. With pleasure.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the motion to recon-
sider prevails, I desire then to submit a mo-
tion to refer this bill to the joint-sclect com-
mittee on retrenchment. This whole subject
was expressly referred to that committee, and
they have been engaged all of the present
morning and have adjourned to resume the
work to-morrow morning, in preparing a bill
on the subject. They have before them the
bill introduced by the select committee on the
civil service, at the head of which is the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckes,]
who is also a member of the joint committee
on retrenchment, and they have before them
also a bill introduced by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall.] These bills,
together with one which is now pending in the
Senate, introduced by the Senator from Ore-
gon, the committee propose to consider, and
upon examination of the whole subject to pre-
sent their views to the House in the shape of
a bill as the result of their conviction of the
necessity ,of some such legislation. I ask,
therefore, that this motion may be reconsid-
ered with a view to referring the bill to the
select committee on retrenchment, promising
that they will make a very early report—prob-
ably within the next forty-eight hours.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not see what this
committee has to do with this bill at all. I
think we had better, while we have hold of it,
keep it. It is in good hands, and I hope it
will not be put in worse.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not pretend to make
a comparison between the merits or capability
of this committee and my friend from Penn-
sylvania ; but as to the authority upon which I
act, I beg leave to read it to the House. We
were instructed " to consider the expediency
of so amending the laws under which appoint-
ments to the public service are now made as
to provide for the selection of subordinate offi-
cers after due examination by proper boards,
their continuance in office during specified
terms unless dismissed upon charges preferred
and sustained before tribunals designated for
that purpose; and for withdrawing the public
service from being used as an instrument of
political or party patronage."
In short, this whole subject is by express
provision referred to that particular commit-
tee. They were to take testimony in respect
to what has been done in the nature of abuse
under the law as it now stands, and are en-
gaged in the consideration of the subject with
all these various bills before them, and hope
to be able to report in forty-eight hours such a
bill as will provide a remedy for the evil. That
is my answer to the gentleman. This should
be referred to that committee, simply because
they have been intrusted with the whole sub-
ject and have been at work during the greater
part of the vacation since the last adjournment
in looking into the entire matter.
Mr. STEVENS. Iunderstand this bill comes
from the Committee on the Judiciary, having
been reported by them at the last session after
great deliberation, and, as some of us thought,
very unnecessary delay. It ought to have been
passed before this for the purpose of stopping
some of the evils that have already taken place.
The bill is now before us and open to amend-
ment, and I hope it will not be referred to any
other committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state in re-
gard to this bill that it is the purpose of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Williams,]
who has charge of it, to propose sundry amend-
ments, one of which is to strike out the third
section of the bill, and substitute therefor two
other sections which he has prepared, and
which have the concurrence of the committee.
I have also an amendment which I shall offer
at the proper time, and it seems to me that
with these amendments we will present to the
House a very perfect measure, as much so
perhaps as any committee could present. It
is not the purpose of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to urge a final vote upon this bill now,
but it seems to me that the better course will
be to keep it in the House until it is perfected
here, and then pass it without any delay. It
was first the intention of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to ask a recommitment of the
bill. I think the amendments would be agreed
to if presented before the House, and I think
we may as well consider the bill now. I hope,
therefore, the bill will neither bo recommitted
to the Committee on the Judiciary, nor to any
other committee, but that we may have final
action upon it without unnecessary delay.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to inquire of my
colleague whether, by the proposed amend-
ments, any change has been made in the first
section, which seems to conflict, unintention-
ally of course, with the Constitution where it
says that no officer shall be removable except
by the same agency which concurred in his
appointment, not seeming to contemplate any
impeachment ? I find, also, that no provision
is made excepting the heads of Departments
from the operation of this law. I apprehend
that very few of the members of the commit-
tee would desire to deprive an incoming Pres-
ident of the opportunity of choosing his con-
stitutional advisers. I mention this for two
purposes: one is to ask that the amendments
be printed, aftd the other to suggest for the
consideration of the committee the two points
I have made in relation to the measure.
Mr. SCHENCK. In behalf of the com-
mittee on retrenchment I do not wish to be
very tenacious about this matter, but I cannot
see that the proposition which I have made is
in any respect improper. After this bill was
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary,
this House concurred with the Senate in rais-
ing a joint-select committee, consisting of
three Senators and five members of this House,
to which, by express provision and description
of the service in which that committee was to
be engaged, they intrusted the authority of
considering and reporting upon this whole
matter. This justifies, at least, the motion
that I have made.
The select committee, although it may be
inferior to the Judiciary Committee, think that
from the testimony taken by them during the
recess, they obtained some light for their guid-
ance to enable them to legislate wisely and well
upon this subject. They may be mistaken in
their views. There may be a difference between
their views and the views of other gentlemen
upon this subject; but a bill of this kind ought
to be very carefully prepared. The select com-
mittee took up thi^ subject at its first meeting
this session; they were engaged in its consid-
eration this morning, and they have determined
to take up the subject again to-morrow, when
they hope to complete it.
In the course of this work we have consid-
ered five or six bills on this subject now pend-
ing in this House and the Senate, endeavoring
out of the whole to scleet whatever was good,
whatever was best expressed, and by a combi-
nation of the matte which seems best, to pre-
pare a bill which shall meet the approval of
both the House and the Senate. We have
endeavored to discharge our duty according to
the instructions of the two Houses. It is said
now that this bill is as good as it can be made
and ought at once to have the action of the
House, and yet at the same moment we are
told that it is defective and that several amend-
ments have been prepared and will be offered
to it, and then, the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee tells us, it will be perfect.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will observe to
the gentleman who is at the head of the com-
mittee on retrenchment, that the chairman of
the J udiciary Committee has not made any such
claim.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not happen to beat
the head of the committee on retrenchment,
but am only by the concurrence of my col-
leagues put forward to make this motion. I
only quoted the expression of the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee, who said that the
amendments proposed would make the bill
pcrfect.
Mr. GRINNELL. He said he hoped the
amendments would make the bill perfect.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, ho said he hoped
the bill would be perfect. I give the qualifi-
cation. I do not wish to misrepresent the
gentleman. I do not know that we shall bo
able to make a perfect bill. The only claim I
make is that out of all the material before us,
and with the amount of labor we have expended
upon it, we think, if the House means to sus-
tain the committee to which they intrusted this
whole subject, and that, too, after this bill was
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary,
it would be well perhaps to allow us to have
formally and officially before us whatever may
be in this bill, in order that we may report
upon it along with the other matters which we
hare under consideration.
Of course we shall avail ourselves of what
this bill contains, even if it is not formally
