788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
RECONSTRUCTION—AGAIN.
Mr. JULIAN obtained the floor, hut gave
way to
Mr. MYERS, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
fat four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Air. ALLISON: The petition of Albert Clark,
and 50 others, citizens of Buchanan county, Iowa,
against contraction of currency.
By Mr. -ANC0NA: The petition of Captain George
W. Knapp, late of company A, eighty-eighth Penn-
sylvania volunteers, by his trustee JohnE. Hook,
asking for the passage of an act granting him a pen-
sion from July 28,1862, the date of his discharge, to
June 12, 1865, the date of his application for and
from which time he receives a pension.
By Mr. btjck.LAND: The petition of Benjamin
Summers, acd Go others, citizens of Erie county, Ohio,
for an increase of duty on loreign wines.
By Mr. COBB: A petition of citizorts of Richland
county, Wisconsin, for the improvement of the chan-
nels of water communications between the valley of
the Mississippi and tho Atlantic sca-board.
By Mr. DAWSON. The petition of James Wha-
ley, Alexander McClean, and Charles Williams, ask-
ing an increase of pensions.
By Mr. DItlGGS: The petition of E. S. Ingles, S.
\V. Abbott, and 228 others, citizens of Menominee,
Green Bay, Michigan, for an appropriation for the
improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Menom-
inee rivor, iaeaid State.
Abo, the petition of Loud, Priest & Shepard, with
70 others, citizens of Iosco county, Michigan, pray-
ing Congress to make an appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor at Au Sable, Lake Huron,
Michigan.
Also, the petition of L. L. McKnight, J. J. "Whit-
ing, uml 20 others, ship-owners of Detroit and Lake
Superior, praying Congress to makcjin impropriation
to improvetho harbor at Ontonagon, Michigan.
By Mr. PBlUiY: The petition of Richard Payne,
N. L. Bird, and 46 others, citizens of Mason county,
Michigan, praying for relief for improvements of
lands occupied upon reservations for tho Flint and
Pcro Marquette railroad, which reservations havo
boon continued by recent legislation.
By Mr.KETClfAM: The petition of W. A. Wheeler,
of New York, for relief upon his contracts with the
Isavy Department.
By Mr. KOONTZ: The petition of John II. Thomp-
son, first sergeant company 33, fifteenth Ohio volun-
teer infantry, and 11-1 otheis, officers and privates of
regiments from different States, asking for equaliz-
ation of bounties.
By Mr. LAFL1N: A remonstrance of citizens of
Copenhagen* Lewis county, New York, against the
passage of m act curtailing tho national currency.
Ly Mr. LAM- JILNCb, oi Pennsylvania: A petition
lrom citizens ui iNevv Bnghton, Beaver county,Penn-
sylvtrma, nuking the passage of au act giving ade-
quate protection to all the industrial interests of the
country.
By Mr. McINDOB: A pctifion of citizens of
Grand Rupuis, Wood county, Wisconsin, in relation
to the curtailment of the national currency.
kv Mr. MOIUIILL: Tho petition ot Simmons &
Rt.iifer, and r-i others, cigar-makers of Leavenworth,
Kansas, nskin3 tor specific tax of five dollars per
thousand 011 all domestic cigars.
Also, the petition of (J C. Hollo, and 20 others, cigar-
makers of Utjcti, New \ork, asking for a specific tax
oi nve dollars pw thousand on nil domestic cigars
.Also, the petition of George Jleiter, and 25 others,
cigar-makers of l(,ort Wayne, Indiana, asking for a
apecihc tax of live dollars per thousand on all domes-
tic cigar*.
By Mr. PAINE: Tho petition af (J, W. Alloa, of
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for modflication of tax an
leather. ^
By Mr. RAYMOND: Tho petition of Peter Clark
and t,eoriro Mackay, praying for tho transfer to the 111
and their associates on suitable terms of Governor's
Island, in the bay of Now York, to bo used as a site
lor a World s Exchange.
Also, a petition of citizens of Tuckhannock, in
Pennsylvania, protesting against tho passage of any
noTo^ntwYoA national redeem their
„u;.y„Mr" y AKD.ofKentnelty: A petition of sundry
rntuens of the counties of Pendleton and J3recken,
Kentucky, for estaohshtaent of mail route from l^al-
laws as amended July 13, I860, imposing a tax
IN SENATE.
Moxday, January 28, 1867.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gtuy
On motionof Mr. WADE, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal of Satur-
day was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WADE. I have a petition from Ohio,
Sumerously signed, setting forth a great many
reasons why the capital should be removed
nearer to what will be tlie center of the popu-
lation of the country in a very short time.
The petitioners state that the political opinions
prevailing in this part of the country are not
so much in accordance or in harmony with our
institutions as they would be nearer the cen-
ter. For these, and a great many other rea-
sons which are here set forth, and some of them
very cogent ones, the petitioners ask that the
capital may be removed to such a place. I
hardly know to what committee this petition
should be referred; but I move its reference
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. 1 have another petition, nu-
merously signed by cigar-makers in the State
of Ohio, setting forth that the duty on cigars is
so levied as to do great injury to that business,
and they want it so modified that they can
afford to live under it. I believe that subject
has been acted upon, and I therefore move that
the petition be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I have seven petitions, very
numerously signed by citizens of Ohio, pray-
ing that the tariff on wool may be increased,
approving of the bill passed by the House on
the subject at the last session, aud asking that
it may be passed by the Senate* As that sub-
ject has been reported upon, I move that these
petitions lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I present two petitions of
citizens of Iowa, praying that the Constitution
of the United States may be so amended as to
provide that there shall be no inequality among
citizens on account of birth, race, color, pre-
vious inequality, or previous non-residence
beyond the present year ; and also praying
Congress to remove by immediate legislation
any such inequality in the District of Columbia,
the Territories, and the ten unrestorcd States,
and to take all necessary measures for peace,
order, justice, and security of life, liberty, and
property in the same. 1 ask their reference to
the joint Committee on Reconstruction.
They were so referred.
Mr. GRIMES. I also present the petition
of the president, trustees, and overseers of the
Burlington University, in the State of Iowa,
who pray that Congress may pass an act re-
leasing the right of the United States to a small
tract of land unoccupied and unclaimed, as
they allege, in that city, to that university for
educational purposes, and remonstrating against
the memorial of the city council of the city of
Burlington, who asked it for simitar pujgsoses.
I move tlie reference of the petition to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of John
Kirkwood, of Arkansas, praying for a grant
of seven sections of land as compensation for
services and sacrifices rendered 'the Govern-
ment during the rebellion ; which was referred
to tho Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOWE. I also present a petition from
the president and officers of the State Histor-
ical Society of Wisconsin, setting forth the
great value of the library now owned by Mr.
Peter Force, of this city, and urging upon Con-
gress the propriety of purchasing that library.
1 move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on the Library, which has that sub-
ject under consideration, aud which, I believe,
will report a bill for the purchase of the library
alluded to.
It was so referred.
Mr. IIOWE. I have been furnished with
some resolutions adopted at a national con-
vention of colored soldiers and sailors on the
10th ot January, 18G7, and have been asked to
present them to the Senate. I have read them,
fliey are very well expressed. They set forth
views with which in the main I agree entirely,
and I am very glad to be made the medium of
communicating them to the Senate}. . I believe
such resolutions are not entitled to be printed
under tho rule. Am I correct?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no rale directing the printing.
Mr. HOWE. They can be printed upon
motion I think?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to print would goto the Committee on Printing
under the rule.
Mr. HOWE. Well, I will move that these
resolutions bo printed and referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will
be so referred, and the motion to print will go
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial of
citizens of Illinois, remonstrating against the
passage of any act authorizing the curtailment
of the national currency, or a return within a
limited time to specie paynients, and against
compelling national banks to redeem their notes
in New York, or prohibiting them from paying
or receiving interest on bank balances, and
recommending the withdrawal of all natioual
bank currency and the substitution of United
States Treasury notes in their place, and that
all Government bonds be taxed as any other
property; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizen^ of
Troy Grove, La Salle county, Illinois, praying
thatthe circulating notes of private and national
hanks may be retired from circulation and
replaced by legal-tender notes of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. POLAND. I present the petition of
William Harris and several other citizens of
Windham, in the county of Windham, in the
State of Vermont, praying that Congress will
refrain from the passage of any act authorizing
the curtailment of the national currency or
having in view the return within a limited time
to specie payments. They also pray that Con-
gress will refrain from the enactment of any
law compelling all national banks, wherever
located, to redeem their notes in New York,
or prohibiting national banks from paying or
receiving interest on bank balances. They
represent that any law compelling national
banks to redeem their circulating notes in
New York would prove onerous to them, inju-
rious to the business men of their locality, and
would ignore the just claims of other sections
of the country. They also represent that as
the business of nearly every bank in the United
States requires it to keep deposits at one of the
national banks locaied in New York, any law
prohibiting tlie receipt or payment of interest
upon balances by such banks would operate
harshly upon all like institutions located out
of that city, and would render wholly unpro-
ductive a considerable portion of their capital.
I also present a similar petition from John
H. Butler and a considerable number of other
persons, residents of Jamaica, in the county
of Windham, Vermont, to the same effect.
I also presenta similar petition signed by A.
B. Poster and various other persons, eitizens
of Weston, Windsor county, Vermont, to the
same effect.
I move that these petitions be referred to
the Committee on Finance.
They were so referred.
Mr. POLAND. I also present resolutions,
in the nature of a memorial, from the Cale-
donia Agricultural Society, urgently request-
ing the congressional delegation from Ver-
mont to exert themselves to the utmost to se-
cure the passage of a bill as favorable to the
wool interest as that passed by the House of
Representatives during its last session. That
subject having been reported upon the Com-
mittee on Finance, I move that these resolu-
tions be laid upon the table.
The motion was agjeed to.
Mr. YATES presented the petition of J.
Nolestine and others, mail route agents on the
western division of the Ohio and Mississippi
railroad, praying for ail increase of compensa-
tion j which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
