1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
789
Illinois, praying for the passage of House bill
No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes, now pending
in the Senate; which was ordered to lie upon
the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented a petition of cit-
izens of Vermont, praying for the passage of
House bill No. 718, to provide increased reve-
nue from imports, and for other puiposes, now
pending in the Senate; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Charlton, Saratoga county, New York,
praying for the imposition of an increased duty
on foreign wool; which was ordered to lie
upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented three petitions of
citizens of Ohio, praying for the passage of
House bill No. 718, to provide increased reve-
nue from imports, now pending in the Senate,
so far as the same relates to duties on wool and
woolen manufactures ; which were ordered to
lie upon the table.
Mr. HARRIS presented two petitions of cit-
izens of New York, praying for the passage of
House bill No. 718, to provide increased reve-
nue from imports, and for other purposes, now
pending in the Senate; which were ordered to
lie upon the table.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have received a com-
munication from Rev. George W. Hoss, super-
intendent of public instruction in the State of
Indiana, inclosing a memorial to Congress
from the commissioner of common schools of
Ohio, the superintendent of public instruction
of Illinois, and the secretary of the State board
of education of Vermont, on the subject of the
establishment of a bureau of education. I pre-
sent this communication more for the puspose
of having the views of the writer of the letter
to myself go before the committee than the
memorial itself. Mr. Hoss has Jong been con-
nected with the school system of our State. I
ask that the communication and memorial be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
which I believe has charge of the subject.
They were so referred.
Mr. FESSENDBN presented resolutions of
a convention of the sheep-growers of Maine, in
favor of an increase of the duty on imported
wool; which were ordeied to lie upon the
table.
Mr. CONNESS presented a petition of
Joseph Boston, praying for a settlement of the
claim of Pablo del a Toba, of Monterey, for
cattle furnished for the Indian service in Cali-
fornia in 1851; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
reports 02 committees.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, to whom was
referred the bill (H. II. No. 820) for the relief
of Henry S. Davis, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 543) to abolish and
forever prohibit the system of peonage in New
Mexico and other parts of the United States,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition of Jacob Shavor and Albert C.
Corse, asking compensation for past use and
purchase of an invention for post-marking and
cancellation of postage stamps on letters, made
by and patented to Marcus P. Norton, of Troy,
New York, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Finance; which was
agreed to.
copyright books i'or the library.
Mr. CRESWELL. I am instructed by the
joint Committee on the Library, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. -191) amendatory of
the several acts respecting copyrights, to report
it back with an amendment, and to ask for its
immediate consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides that every proprietor of
a book, pamphlet, map, chart, musical, compo-
sition, print, engraving, or photograph, for
which a copyright shall have been secured,
who shall fail to deliver to the Library of Con-
gress at Washington a printed copy of every
such book, pamphlet, map, chart, musical
composition, print, engraving, or photograph,
within one month after publication shall, for
every such default, be subject to a penalty of
twenty-five dollars, to bo collected at the suit
of the Librarian of Congress as other penalties
of like'amount are now collected by law.
Every such proprietor may transmit any
book, pamphlet, map, chart, musical composi-
tion, print, engraving, or photograph, for which
he may have secured a copyright, to the
Librarian of Congress by mail free of postage,
provided the words '' copyright matter'' be
plainly written or printed on the outside of the
package ; and it is to be the duty of the sev-
eral deputy postmasters when such package
shall be delivered to them, to see that it is
safely forwarded to 9;s destination by mail
without cost or charge to the proprietor.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on the Library was in lines eleven and fifteen
of the first section, to strike out the words:
At the suit of the Librarian of Congress as other
penalties of like amount are now collected by law.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
"By the Librarian of Congress, in the name of the
TInited States, in any district or circuit court of the
United States "within the jurisdiction of which the
delinquent may reside or be found.
The anjendraent was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to he engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. POLAND asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 548) to amend section forty-one of an act
to provide a national currency, &c., passed
June 30, 1864; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
549) for the establishment and maintenance
of a public park in the District of Colum-
bia; which was read twico by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
railroads in california.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, the bill (S.
No. 461) to aid in the construction of the San
Francisco Central Pacific railroad was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands.
te illiitoiua l ofF] rrs.
Mr. WADE. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
lipsolvfd. That the President be requested at his
earliest convenience to inform the Senate how ofien
the present Governor and superintendent of Indian
affairs of Colorado Territory has been absent from
liis post of duly in tiic Territory since his appoint-
ment, what part of his time since the date of his
commission has been spent in such absence from the
Territory, whether his absence from the Tcrntorj-
hos been previously authorized by leave irramed in
each instance, what was the public necessity lor such
absence in each case, and for bis presence at the
national capital at 1 his time, and also wnefher any
part, and if so how much and wlnit part of the ex-
penses of his several trips from the Territory have
been chained to the Government.
No objection being offered, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know that I ha\ e
any especial objection to the passage of this
resolution ; but it would please me much more
if the honorable Senator, instead of offering
such a resolution as this, would call up the bill
beftye the Senate to prohibit the absences ot
territorial officers from the place of the per-
formance of their duty, and by passing that
bill we .--hould have an end to these pilgrim-
ages made bv territorial officers, mostly ap-
pointed from "the East to govern the Territories
of the West, to engage in mining speculations,
and come back as great men to forward those
speculations, and finally occasionally to take
a hand in the general politics of the country.
If there is any part of the administration of
government in the United States that is worse
than another, it is the government of the Ter-
ritories of the United States. An inquiry into
their condition, made by Congress, would have
a salutary effect with reference to who consti-
tute their officers, where those officers come
from, how they came to be appointed, their fit-
ness for the duties to which they have been
appointed, and the degree to which they have
remained endeavoring at least to perform those
duties.
This resolution perhaps will have a salutary
effect in one particular case ; but it seems to
me to be a most shameful waste of the public
money and promotion of the abandonment of
public duty on our part not to stop the whole
abuse to which I have referred, and which this
resolution points at.
I believe the honorable Senator from Oregon
[Mr. williams] has charge of the bill of which
I have spoken, and I called his attention the
other day to the subject and asked him why it
was not called up. I believe that his answer
was that there was no prospect of its passage.
Why, sir, I think upon a presentation of
facts demanding the passage of such an act
no Senator would vote against it. The Terri-
tories of the United States that are to be the
States of the future in their infancy are crip-
pled, demoralized, often degraded by the class
of men who are sent out to govern them, and
the Treasury is plundered in addition.
Mr. WADE. I was under the apprehension
that such a bill had been passed.
Mr. CONNESS. It has not been.
Mr. WADE. I know the committee of
which I am a member has recommended the
passage of juch a bill, and I was under the
impression that the bill had been passed. If
not, I am as much in favor of it as the hon-
orable Senator from California can be. I cer-
tainly gave my assent to it in committee, and I
supposed it had passed, but it seems I was
under a misapprehension. I am in favor of
that bill, but 1 do not think that interferes
with this resolution at all. I think it ought
to be passed, and 1 am for the bill also. I hope
the resolution will pass,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I introduced at the last
session the bill to which the Senator from Cali 
forma has referred. It was reported back by
the Committee on Territories. I called it up
at the last session, and endeavored to procure
its passage; but objections were made by sev-
eral members and amendments proposed, and
I found at that time that there were obstacles
in the- way of its passage. I supposed that at
this session the same objections would be made,
although I have made no determination as to
what I would do in reference to the bid. I
supposed that the usual course was, where a bill
was referred to the Committee on Territories
anu reported back by the committee, the chair-
man of the committee would rather have charge
of it. I am not particularly advised as to the
practice in that respect. I am desirous that
the bill should be passed. ^ I think it will cor-
rect a very great and growing evil in this coun-
try, and it was with that view that I introduced
it'at the last session; and if an opportunity
affords, and nobody else calls_ up the bill, I
will take occasion to bring it before the Senate
at an early day.
Mr. WADE. I do not know what the prac-
tice of the Senate has been or if there is any
settled practice about the point suggested by
the Senator from Oregon ; but when a gentle-
man sends a bill to our committee and wo
report it back favorably I suppose he is to see
that it is called up. though I have not actcd
myself on that supposition always. It may be
in this way it has slipped my mind. I thought
that bill had passed.
Mr. COYNESS. I hope between the two
Senators the bill will be called up at an early
day for action.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It seems to me that it
