26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
The SPEAKER. That motion will require
unanimous consent.
No objection was made.
. message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by William J.
McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the
House that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, the joint resolution of the House
(No. 212) to appoint two managers for the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers, to fill certain vacancies.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had agreed to the concurrent'
resolution of the House for the reappointment
of the joint committee on reconstruction.
tennessee contested etection.
Mr. COOPER. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and present the petition and papers of
Dorsey B. Thomas, contesting the seat of
Hon. Samuel M. Arnell, as a Representative
from the sixth district of Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. The petition and papers
will be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
captain william f. austin.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, submitted an adverse report
upon the petition of Captain William P. Aus-
tin, praying to_ be granted the privilege of
making and selling spirituous liquors free from
the duties imposed by the excise laws; and
the same was laid 011 the table.
And then, on motion of Mr. GRINNELL,
(at half past two o'clock p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
Tho following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. DEMING: The petition of J'onathan B.
Turner, for renewal of patent.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of Jesse Bald-
win, of Youngstown, Ohio, praying for a return to
specie payment.
By Mr. HENDERSON: The petition of S. D.
Maston, William Baker,_ C. M. Carter, William L.
Colvig, and 210 others, citizens of the State of Oregon,
praying the just payment of the Oregon and Wash-
ington Territory war claims of 1865 and 1863.
By Mr. HULBURD : The petition of Professor E.
Fisher and sundry citizens of the State of New York,
asking modification of the income tax provision of
the internal revenue laws.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 39 citizens of
Randolph county, Indiana, praying an amendment
of the Constitution providing that no inequality
among citizens shall be allowed on account of race,
birth, or color, and that laws bo at once enacted en-
forcing this principle in the District of Columbia and
the Territories of the United States.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of soldiers, seamen,
firemen, coal-passers, and marines, citizens of Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, who served in defense of the
Union in the late rebellion, praying Congress for a
law giving to the above who entered the service of
the United States during the rebellion, on and after
the 15th day of February, 1861, a bounty of $100 a
year, &c.
By the SPEAKER: The memorial of Walker
Pearce, asking an investigation into a certain alleged
violation ot his rights as a citizen, by an armed mob
at Fayetteville, North Carolina.
' notices of bills.
Tho following notices for leave to introduce bills
were given under the rule:
By Mr. DAWES: A bill to fix the time for the
election of Representatives and Delegates ii> the
Congress of the United States.
By Mr. MILLER: A bill granting pensions to
soldiers of the war of 1812 with Great Britain.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 6, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gkay.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. Edgar Cowan, of Pennsylvania, ap-
peared in his seat.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented six petitions of
officers of the United States Army, praying
for an increase of pay; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. 'NBSMITH presented the memorial of
W. L. Adams, collector of customs for the
district of Oregon, praying to be relieved from
all liability on account of money stolen from
him while being transported to San Francisco;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POLAND presented four petitions of
officers of the Army of the United States, pray-
ing for an increase of pay ; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the memorial of
M. E. Finney, praying to be allowed the three
months' extrar pay due her late husband, Solon
H. Finney, first lieutenant sixth regiment Mich-
igan cavalry; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. HARRIS presented the memorial of the
Commercial Navigation Company of the State
of New York, praying for aid in the establish-
ment of a regular line of steamships, sailing
under the flag of the United States and owned
by American citizens, for the conveyance of
the foreign mails of the U nited States between
New York and Bremen, touching at South-
ampton ; which was referred to the Committee
oil Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
Edward Dodge, eff Brooklyn, New York, pray-
ing that the name of the yacht Mayflower may
be changed to Silvie; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the petition of
citizens of Oregon, praying for the establish-
ment of a weekly mail route from Salem to
Silverton. via Howell Prairie, in said State;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial
of Ernestine Becker, widow of Leopold Becker,
late captain of company D, twenty-fourth regi-
ment Illinois infantry, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Wil-
liam Blake, a soldier of the war of 1812, pray-
ing that his pension may be dated back to the
time of his discharge from the service; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. NORTON presented the petition of
citizcns of Minnesota, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Paynesville, via
Burbank and Norway Lake, to School Lake, in
that State; which was referred to tho Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
power of amnesty and pardon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 828) to repeal section thirteen of the act to
suppress insurrection, to punish treason and
rebellion, to seize and' confiscate thfe property
of rebels, and for other purposes, approved
July 17, 1862, have instructed me to report it
back to the Senate with a recommendation that
the bill pass; and if there be no objection, I
will ask for its present consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate to con-
sider the bill on the day it is reported.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to look into the
questions involved in that bill, and therefore I
object to its present consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pres-
ent consideration of the bill being objected to,
it lies over under the rule.
bills introduced.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 457) to provide for the defense of the
northeastern frontier; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. ANTHONY' asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 458) to extend the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims ; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. ANTHONY. I introduce that bill by
request. I do not know whether it should go
to the Committee on the Judiciary or the Com-
mittee on Claims. It is to give the Court of
Claims jurisdiction of some claims arising
under an Indian treaty.
Mr. FESSENDEN It should go to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move its reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 459) suspendingthc payment of moneys
from the Treasury as compensation to persons
claiming the service or labor of colored vol-
unteers or drafted men, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 603) to protect the rights
of action of loyal citizens ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 635) to amend an act
regulating proceedings in criminal cases, and
for other purposes, approved March 3, 1865.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (II. R. No. 212) to appoint
two managers for tho National Asylum for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, to fill certain
vacancies; which was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate.
claims for services of colored soldiers.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following res-
olution : which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to inform tho Senate whether he has appointed the
commission provided for in section twenty-four of tho
act entitled "An act to amend an act for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses, approved March 3, 1863," approved February
24,1864, and if so, that he report the names of all such
commissioners, and whether they have mode any
report, and if so, that he communicate a copy of said
report.
legislative resolutions.
Mr. POLAND presented the following res-
olutions, adopted by the Legislature of the State
of Vermont: which were read, and ordered to
lie on the table and be printed:
Joint resolution relating to the protection of Ameri-
can industry.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That it is the sense of the General Assembly of tho
State of Vermont that an efficient system of protect-
ive duties is indispensably necessary to the best and
permanent prosperity of the country.
Resolved, That it is the duty of tho General Gov-
ernment to protect the labor and industry of tho
country against foreign competition: and,that the
material interests developed by the wool producers
of Vermont demand that the protection in favor of
wool in tho tariff bill presented at the last session
of Conorress should receive its early attention and
sanction.
liesolved, That our Senators and Representatives
be requested, at an early day of the next session, to
earnestly and faithfully urge this subject upon Con-
gress.
Resolved, That the sccrctary of state communi-
cate acorn' of these resolutions to each of our Sena-
tors and Representatives in Congress.
JOHN W. STEWART,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
A. B. GARDNER,
President of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the following res-
olutions adopted by the Legislature of the State
of Vermont; which were read, and ordered to
lie on the table and be printed :
Joint resolution relating to equal suffrage.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That laws ought to be in force in a,ll of the United
States, guarantying equal and impartial suffrage,
without respect to color.
Resolved, That it is the duty of Congress to pass
laws giving this right in all places where it can bo
done constitutionally.
Resolved, That wo hereby request our Senators and
Representatives in Congress to lise their influence
for the passage of a law, giving equal and impartial
suffrage in the District of Columbia as early as pos-
sible at the next session of Congress.
JOHN W. STEWART,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
A. B. GARDNER,
President of the Senate.
