792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28^
prescribe is that the amendment must be cor-
rected before it is concurred in, because after
the amendment shall have been concurred in
it will not be in order to alter or modify it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I wish to make
my corrections fiow. I call attention first to
page 47, line one hundred and fifty-six of sec-
tion nine. The "Committee on Finance moved
to strike out "forty" and insert "seventy-
five so as to read "onbromine, seventy-five
cents perpound." We donotwishthatamend-
ment concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine moves that in the line referred
to by him " seventy-five" be stricken out and
"forty" inserted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My motion is that that
amendment be not concurred in. I wish to
except it from the general amendments. In
Committee of the Whole we struck out 1' forty''
and inserted " seventy-five." Now I wish to
restore "forty," and I suppose that can be.
done by simply not concurring in that amend-
ment made in committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The object
can only be attained by amending the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
The Senator from Maine moves to amend that
amendment by striking out "seventy-five" in
the line referred to and inserting "forty;" so
as to read:
On bromine, forty cents per pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; I do not
care how it is put so that the original amount
is restored.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the next line, one
hundred and fifty seven, " sixty-five cents"
was stricken out and "one dollar" inserted;
so as to read:
On bromide of potassium, of sodium, and of am-
monium, ono dollar per pound.
I move now to strike out "one dollar" and
insert " sixty-five cents."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line five hundred
and seventy-two of the same section, on page
C t, I move to amendthe amendment by striking
out "forty" and inserting "thirty-three," so
as to restore the item to what it was originally:
On riuinia, quinidia, and all their salts, thirty-three
ccnts per ounce.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line six hundred
and fifty-two of the same section, on page G7,
I move to strike out " and twenty-five cents;"
so as to read:
Oil strychnia and salts of strychnia, or strychnine,
one dollar per ounce.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line seven hundred
and seventeen of that section, on page 70, the
word " chemicals" was struck out. I wish it
to be restored, and I therefore move to insert
it now.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a very con-
siderable number of amendments that the com-
mittee wish to make to the text by way of
correcting, phraseology, &c. I suppose that
can be done after the general question is dis-
posed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In strict-
ness, if the Senate concur in the amendment-
made as in Committee of the Whole, they will
be understood as concurring in it as it stands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will it not then be
open to amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Only by
way of addition. The amendment will then
have become the text of the bill, and no cor-
rections or alterations can be made in it, inas-
much as the Senate will have concurred in it
as it stands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that so
far as the Senate have gone they have made
amendments to an amendment. Now, if we
concur in the amendments made to the amend-
ment that amendment will still be open to
correction asd amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not. The whole proposition is bat one
amendment. The Committee of the Whole
amended that amendment or substitute in
various forme, but it is still all one amend-
ment; and if the Senate concur in it they
concur in it as one amendment, and it then
stands as the text of the bill, not subject by
the rules to alteration, having been concurred
in in a certain form.
Mr. SHERMAN. The difficulty can all be
avoided by simply postponing the question of
concurrence until the last stage. The amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole is
still open to amendment, and the question of
concurring in it can be postponed until all th#
amendments to be moved to it are offered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose of course
the amendment is open to amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is now.
Any amendment to the amendment is proper
now, and then the question will be taken on
the amendment as amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand we can
go on and make amendments now to the orig-
inal amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I will propose
my amendments now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to inquire
whether it would not be in order to concur in
the amendments to the amendment in the
Senate, and then leave the amendment open
to be amended hereafter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
not the question. The question now is, whether
the Senate will concur in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, and that amend-
ment is a substitute for the whole bill. If the
Senate concur in the amendment made as Com-
mittee of the Whole it will not then be sus-
ceptible of amendment, being an amendment
already agreed to and concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to take
anybody by surprise, and it would not be rigbt
to do so upon any bill, and more especially
upon a bill of this character. When I moved
on Saturday evening to take the bill out of
committee I had reference simply to taking the
amendment out of committee, considering that
in fact as the original bill. I do not want any-
body to lose any rights he may have had pre-
vious to that time to offer amendments. If
the amendment is still open to any amend-
ments to be proposed in the Senate it is all
right. I understand the Chair to rule that it
is still open to amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is, cer-
tainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, I have
amendments to offer.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds I should like to have an understanding
with regard to the amendments to the amend-
ment which have already been acted upon.
There are some of those, certainly one, on
which many of us would like a separate vote.
I think the suggestion of the Senator from
Ohio was to the point that we should proceed
to complete the amended bill on the motion of
the Senator from Maine, go as far as we can in
that, reserving the amendments which have
already been acted upon for consideration at
the end.
Mr. FESSENDEN,. I suppose any amend-
ment to the amendment that was adopted in
committee may be reserved from the general
vote on all the amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Any alter-
ation of the present amendment i-s perfectly in
order being moved as an amendment to the
amendment. Anything may be stricken out,
anything may be inserted, as an amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then we can move to
strike out amendments adopted in the Commit-
tee of the Whole, or can offer any amendment
now.
Mr. WADE. I think we had better recon-
sider the vote taking the bill out of committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no, because it is all
open to amendment yet.
Mr. WADE. Then it does not vary it at all,
and I do not see that we gain anything by con -.
sidering the bill in the Senate instead of in
•committee. But if there is no embarrassment
attending the bill in its present stage I shall
not press my suggestion; otherwise I think we
had better put the bill back in committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The President rules
that any amendment may be proposed to the
amendment.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is per-
fectly in order for any Senator to move any
amendment to the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. Any motion to strike
out or alter any part of it, or to add to it, is
perfectly in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 4, section one,
line sixty-nine, the word "cacao" where it
occurs should be " cocoa."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made, it being'a clerical mis-
take.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On the same page,
line sixty-nine, I move to insert the words "of
all kinds" after the word "bitters," and to
strike out the words "of all kinds" where
they occur after "spirits;" so that it will
read:
On cordials, liqueurs, and bitters of all kinds con-
taining spirits, and on arrack, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 102, section
eighteen, line ninety, I move to strike out the
letter "t" in the word "litehens."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 0npage4, seetion one,
line eighty-three, after the words " bay water,"
I move to insert "containing fifty per cent, or
less of alcohol;" so that the clause will read:
On bay rum or bay water containing fifty per cent,
or less of alcohol, $1 50 per proof gallon.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 17, section
four, line twenty-seven, after the words " Ital-
ian cloths" I move to strike out the words
" and lastings."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreeji to. „
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 32, section
seven, line one hundred and seventy-two, I
move to strike out the words "one and" before
"three fourths," and after three fourths to
insert "of one;" so that it will read:
On cast-iron, steam, gas, or water-pipe, three
fourths of one cent per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 56, section
nine, I move to strike out lines three hundred
and seventy-six and lines three hundred and
seventy-seven, in these words :
On all extracts of litmus, extracts of orchil or
archil, or other lichens, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
They are already provided for in another part
of the bill.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 65, section
nine, line five hundred and ninety-one, I move
to insert the word '' crystalized'' after "salts;"
so that it will read:
On Glauber salts, crystalized, one half cent per
pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 101, section
line sixty-gigHt, after the word " long "
