28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6.
received, how expended, &e.; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Freedmen's Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
removals from office.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the consideration of House bill No.
664, for the regulation of appointments to and
removals from offiee^ postponed till this morn-
ing after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. SOHENCK rose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire that the bill and
amendments shall be made a special order for
the same day as the one presented by my
colleague, [Mr. Stevens.] I will modify my
amendment offered yesterday so that it shall
read as follows:
Strike out section lliree, and insert:
Sec. 3.- And be it further enacted. That whenever a
vacancy in any office, happening during the rccoss
of the Senate, may have been filled by the President,
in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution,
by granting a commission to expire at the end of their
next session, it shall be the duty of the President to
mate a nomination for the said office before the end
of the next ensuing session of that body, and in case
of the nomination of any other person or persons
than the one so commissioned, and the refusal of the
Senate to advise and consent thereto, the office shall
not be considered as vacant upon the adjournment
of the Senate, but the person so commissioned shall
continue to hold and enjoy the same, and exercise
the functions thereof during the recess of Senate,
and until he shall be either nominated and rejected,
or duly superseded by a new appointment, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the beads of
tbo several Departments of the Government shall hold
their offices, respectively, for the term of four years,
unless removed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and shall severally
appoint their assistants and all other subordinate
officers appertaining to their respective Departments,
subject to the approval of the Senate, on report to be
made to that body if then in session, or if during the
recess, at the next meeting thereof, to hold for the
period of four years unless removed with the like
concurrence of that body.
The "SPEAKER. The modification will be
made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the bill with
the pen ding amendments, together with the bill
submittal by my colleague, [Mr. Stevens,] be
Eostponed till Monday next, after the morning
our, made the special order until disposed of,
and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. The committee on re-
trenchment have nearly completed a bill, and
only meet to-nightto puttheir work artistically
together; and I ask leave that the bill shall
,be ordered to be printed in advance of the
report. Perhaps they will be ready to report
before to-morrow morning.
There was no objection, and it was agreed to
accordingly.
morning hour.
The morning hour having commenced, the
first business in order was the call of com-
mittees for reports. •
No reports were offered.
resolutions.
The SPEAKER stated as the next business
in order* the calling of the States for resolu-
tions, commencing with the State of Maine.
murder of soldiers
Mr. PIKE offered the following preamble
and resolution; which were read, considered,
and agreed to:
"Whereas three soldiers of the Army of the United
States were murdered in October, 1865, in South Caro-
lina, under circumstances of peculiar cruelty, andsev-
eral persons were arrested, tried, and condemned by
a military commission for said murder; and whereas
said persons, so condemned, were subsequently re-
prieved and transferred to Fort Delaware, from which
they were taken by writ of habeas corpus and set free:
Therefore,
Reiohed, That a committee of three be appointed
fey the Speaker, whose duty it shall be to investigate
the circumstances attending said murder, and by
whose procurement and action said reprieve, trans-
fer, and discharge were made, fhe consideration for
the same, the reasons therefor, and all the facts con-
nected with thesame, and to recommend to the House
such action, if any,as they deem the case requires;
said committee to have power to send for persons and
papers and to examine witnesses under oath.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
congressional elections.
Mr. DAWES introduced a bill to fix the
time for the election of Representatives and
Delegates in the Congress of the United States;
wlii h was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections, and
ordered to be printed.
harbors in connecticut.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, offered the
following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
appropriations tor such harbors on the coast of the
State of Connecticut as havo been surveyed by the
general Government during the current year, upon
official report or estimates by the engineer of the
Department for the same, and that they report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was agreed to; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sunken vessels at sandy hook.
Mr. DARLING submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be requested to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing an appropriation for the removal of sunken
vessels in the vicinity of Sandy Hook, port of New
York.
army and nayy supplies.
Mr. BROOMALL offered the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War and Secre-
tary of the Navy be requested to furnish to the House
of Representatives a statement of all ordnance or
ordnance stores now m possession of the Govern-
ment, and a copy of all contracts or orders for the
purchase or construction of any additional supplies
to those now being furnished.
The resolution being a call for executive
information, was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
united states troops in mexico.
Mr. THAYER offered the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform this House whether any por-
tion of Mexican territory has been occupied by troops
of the United States, and if so, by what authority,
and for what purpose.
The resolution being a call for executive
information, was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. THAYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted: and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
agricultural report of 1865.
Mr. ANCONA submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be re-
quested to inquire and report to tho House why the
report of the Commissioner of Agriculture for 1865
lias not been printed and delivered for distribution
by members.
protection of loyal citizens.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill to protect
all loyal persons in the insurrectionary States ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on tho Judiciary.
pensioners of the war of 1812.
Mr. MILLER also introduced a bill grant-
ing pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812
with Great Britain ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides that the surviving commis-
sioned and non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, and privates of the Army, and the sur-
viving commissioned and non-commissioned
officers and seamen in the Navy in the war of
1812, who have received honorable discharges
and are in necessitous circumstances, and have
not taken part in the late rebellion, and the
widows of the deceased, shall have their names
placed upon the pension-list of the United
States at the rate of eight dollars a month
during their natural lives, the pensions to be
computed from the 1st day of April, 1805.
Mr. MILLER. I would like to have that
bill passed now: and I demand the previous
question upon it.
Mr. PERHAM. I hope that that bill will
be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and I desire to make that motion.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania state whether this bill comes
from a committee or not ?
Mr. MILLER. St does not.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I hope the House
will not pass the bill.
Mr. MILLER. I insist on the demand for
the previous question.
The question was taken on the demand for
the previous question; and there were—ayes
29, noes 74.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. PERHAM. I now move to refer the
bill to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend that mo-
tion so as to refer the bill to a select commit-
tee of five.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the
House, a motion to refer to a standing commit-
tee lakes precedence of a motion to refer to a
select committee. The question will first be
taken on the motion to refer to the standing
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Is that a debatable ques-
tion? I would like to hear the reason why a
special committee is desired.
Mr. MILLER. The reason why I ask that
the bill be referred to a special committee is
that last session the standing committee re-
ported adversely upon it, and it was referred
back to the committee with instructions to
report in favor of it. The committee have a
great deal of business on hand, and I havo no
doubt that if the subject shall be referred to a
select committee, that committee will be able
to report upon it at once. There are a few of
these old soldiers left, and if we intend to give
them pensions, now is the time to do it.
Mr. WASHBORXE, of Illinois. 1 would
inquire if the Committee on Invalid Pensions
has not time to attend to the whole matter.
Mr. PERHAM. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions have heretofore attended very care-
fully to all the matters that have been referred
to us. I now demand the previous question on
the motiou to refer.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof Mr. Perham's, motion was agreed to.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I move that the bill be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
new orleans riot.
Mr. ELIOT. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of three members bo
appointed by the Speaker, whose duty it shall bo to
proceed without unnecessary delay to New Orleans,
m the State of Louisiana, to make an iavestigation
into all matters connected with the recent bloody
riots in that city, which took place the last of July
and first of August, 1S66, and particularly to inquire
into the origin, progress, and termination of the riot-
ous proceedings, the names of the parties engaged in
it, the acts of atrocity perpetrated, the number of
killed and wounded, the amount and character of
the property destroyed, and whether and to what ex-
tent those acts were participated in by members of
the organization claiming to be the government of
Louisiana, and report allthe iact-s to the House; and
tho Sergeant-at-Arms or hisdeput.v, and the stenog-
rapher of the House, are directed to accompany the
said committee; and that all tho expense of this in-
vestigation be paid out of the contingent fund of the
House. The said coiomittecshallhavepowertosend
for persons and papers and examine witnesses under
