1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I move to insert the word " drawn;" so as to
read:
Hair of the horse, long drawn, and used for weav-
ing, &c.
Mr. SPRAGUE. * Does that change the du-
ties?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; it is merely
a more accurate definition.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 102, section
eighteen, line ninety-two, after the word "lich-
ens '' I mo.ve to insert "prepared or;" so as to
read:
Litmus and lichens, prepared or not prepared.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 12, section
three, line seven, after the word 1' goat'' I move
to insert the word "camelso as to read:
All wools, hair of the alpaca, goat, camel, and
other like animals, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 20, section
four, lines one hundred and eleven, one hun-
dred and seventeen, and one hundred and nine-
teen, I move the same amendment, to insert
"camel" after "goat."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 49, section
nine, line two hundred and six, I move to
strike out the word " or" after "word," and
to insert "and."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That change
will be made, no objection being interposed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 49, section
nine, line four hundred and twenty-one, after
the words "salad oil" I move to insert "or
table oil."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 75, section
ten, line one hundred and twenty-six, I move
to strike out the word "exclusively" at the
end of the line.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 84, section
twelve, lines thirty-seven and thirty-nine, I
move after the word "of" to insert "goat
or," so as to read, "on mats of goat or sheep-
skins," &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 88, section
ourteen, line thirty-seven, after the word
"pack" I move to insert " of not more than
fifty-two cards."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 89, section
fifteen, line twenty-four, I move to strike out
the word "or" before the word "oats," and
after the word "oats" to insert "or other
grain not herein otherwise provided for ;" so
that the clause will read:
On flour aDd meal, middlings, and mill feed of
wheat, rye. oats, or other grain not herein otherwise
provided for, fifteen per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 106, section
nineteen, line seventeen, after " tire-crack-
ers" I move to insert "double-headers, rock-
ets. and fire-works."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 80, section
eleven, I move to strike out the proviso in
lines twenty-two, twenty-three, and twenty-
four, in these words :
Provided, That the true allowance for boxes or
other packages containing the same shall be twenty
per cent, of the gross weight.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 17, section
four, line forty-two, after "wool" I move to
insert "or worsted;" so as to read, "on
hosiery, composed wholly or in part of wool
or worsted, comprising shirts," &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the duty imposed by this bill on
various kinds of saws. I do not profess myself
to be'very much acquainted with the subject,
but I was requested by a gentleman who is
extensively engaged in the manufacture of these
saws to call the attention of the Senate to the
fact that the duties as fixed in the bill will de-
stroy the business in this country entirely. The
gentleman was a Mr. Hoe, celebrated, I be-
lieve, for his invention of a printing-press, who
is now extensively engaged in this business,
and he has furnished me with some tables on
the subject. It seems to me, if his estimates are
right, that the duty is altogether too low, and I
call the attention of the Senate to it, and will
state what he thought it ought to be.
Mr. WILLIAMS. In what part of the bill
is it?
Mr. WADE. It is on page 34. The first
amendment that he suggests is in line two hun-
dred and twenty-four of section seven. The
billnowreads, "oneross-cutsaws, twelve cents
per lineal foot." He wants to make it twenty-
five cents instead of twelve. Then in line two
hundred and twenty-five, "on mill, pit, and
drag saws, not over nine inches wide, fifteen
cents per lineal foot," he proposes to insert
thirty-five cents, and instead of a duty of
twenty-five cents per lineal foot on those saws
over nine inches wide he proposes forty ccnts.
The next clause of the bill reads now in this
way:
On all hand-saws not over twenty-four inches in
length, SI 25 per dozen, and, in acmition thereto,
thirty per cent, ad valorem ; over twenty-four inches
in length, two dollars per dozen, and, in addition
thereto, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
He proposes to amend that clause so as to
read:
On all hand-saws not over twenty-four inches in
length, two dollars per dozen, and, in addition there-
to, thirty per cent, ad valorem; over twenty-four
inches in length, three dollars per dozen, and, in
addition thereto, forty per cent, ad valorem.
Then the next clause reads in this way:
On all hack-saws not exceeding ten inches in
length, one dollar perdozen, and, in addition thereto,
thirty per aent. ad valorem; over ten inches inlength.
§1 50 per dozen, and, in addition thereto, thirty per
cent, ad valorem.
He proposes to amend that clause so as to
make it read:
On all hack-saws not exceeding ten inches in length,
two dollars per dozen, and, in addition thereto, thirty
per cent, ad valorem; over teninchesin length, three
dollars per dozen, and, in addition thereto, thirty
per cent, ad valorem.
Those amendments this gentleman, who is
extensively engaged in the business, and the
other intelligent gentlemen who were with htm
thought ought to be made. As for my own
ideas on the subject they are good for nothing,
for I do not profess to have any particular
knowledge, not having had my attention directed
to it; but I call the attention of the Senate and
of the committee to the statement of this gen-
tleman, that the present rate fixed by the bill
;would be destructive to that business. All I
wish to do is to call the attention of the Senate
to it. I hope that they will come to the con-
clusion that the amendment I have suggested
ought to be made.
Mr. MORGAN. Owing to the increase of
the duty on steel some amendment I think is
necessary in relation to the duty on saws. The
duty is considerably less on the saws than it
ought to be. It ranges from twenty-seven to
thirty per cent, in the bill as reported _ by the
committee. I have an amendment which has
been considered by the committee, and I will
offer it as an amendment of the committee,
which increases the duty to a certain extent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood the Sen-
ator from Ohio to offer an ismendment.
Mr. WADE. I have only called the atten-
tion of the Senate to the subject. I do not
offer any amendment.
Mr. MORGAN. I offer the following as an
amendment of the committee: on page 34,
section sevem strike out lines two hundred
and twenty-four, two hundred and twenty-five,
two hundred and twenty-six, and two hundred
and twenty-seven, and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
On cross-cut saws fifteen cents per lineal foot; cm
mill, pit, and drag saws, not over nine baches wide,
twenty cents per lineal foot; over nine inches wide,
thirty-fi-fe cents per lineal foot.
And as a part of the same amendment I
move to strike out lines two hundred and thirty-
three, two hundred and thirty-four, two hun-
dred and thirty-five,'two hundred and thirty-
six, and two hundred and thirty-seven, and in
lieu thereof to insert:
On all back saws not exceeding ten inches in
length $125 per dozen, and, in addition thereto,
thirty per cent, ad valorem ; over ten inches in length
two dollars per dozen, and, in addition thereto, thirty
per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill on
page 85, section thirteen, by striking out lines
thirty-six and thirty-seven:
On grindstones, unfinished, ten per cent, ad valorem
On grindstones, finished, five dollars per ton.
And inserting in lieu thereof:
On grindstones, and on soapstone, freestone, sand-
stone, granite, and all building or monumental stone,
except marble, fivo dollars per ton of thirteen eubio
feet.
And then-to strike out on page 86, lines fifty-
seven, fifty-eight, fifty-nine, sixty, and sixty-
one, as follows:
On paving stones, slabs, and flags, not dressed, and
on Nova Scotia stone, Caen stone, and all building
stones, out or dressed, twenty per cent, ad valorem,
On building, paving, or monumental stones, of every
description, cut or dressed, two dollars per ton of
thirteen cubic feet.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
some reasons from the Senator, if he has any
to offer, why that should be done.
Mr. WADE. I am informed, and I have
some letters here showing, that these stones are
brought in from Nova Scotia and from Canada
in competition with our own quarries to an
extent that renders the business very unpro-
ductive here. The duty on the article of grind-
stones, dressed, as it stands in the bill does not
amount to anything hardly. The stones in the
quarry where they lie in a foreign country are
not worth scarcely anything. Nobody wants
to use them about there. Almost all their value
consists in the labor that is bestowed upon them
to get them out and bring them to market. So
the contest is about the labor; whether it shall
be done by our own people, or whether it shall
be done abroad.
I am informed that undressed grindstones
are really almost finished when they come in
here in competition with our own. They are
brought in in such a shape that the word
"finished" in the law is a very uncertain
term. They can bring in the stones almost
finished—sometimes, I am told, all perhaps
but drilling a hole for a crank, or something
of the kind—and thus entirely defeat the law
so far as that provision is concerned. I should
be willing to agree to strike out the word
"finished" and say "on all grindstones, five
dollars per ton." I would have no objection
to that; but as it now stands it is evaded en-
tirely by the fact that they bring them in and
call "them unfinished stones when the work on
them has been almost entirely completed.
That I am told is the way in which this duty is
evaded, and they thus come in competition with
our own stone. I do not suppose that the con-
sumers of these stones would be affected at-all
by the duty that 1 propose upon them. The
work is al done in Canada and Nova Scotia,
where they get them, and where I am told
labor can be procured for about seventy-five
cents per day; in this country it would cost
three times that, probably.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Say a dollar a day.
Mr. WADE. Well, say a dollar, if that suits
any better; but that is different from what I
am told. Labor is undoubtedly a great deal
