30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
4. "Whether the salaries of any or all the new ap-
pointees have been increased over that of theirpred-
ecessors, and if so, to what extent in each case, and
for what reasons, and to what suras such increase will
amount in the aggregate.
Mr. DRIGG-S. I will modify this resolution
by adding these words:
And whether in any case, whore the salaries of
postmasters have not been increased, clerks have
been allowed increased salaries; and if so, how many,
and what amount in each case and in the aggregate.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I desire to
suggest to the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Driggs] a further modification of his resolu-
tion, so as to provide that the inquiry be carried
back to the 1st of last January. A number
of removals which occurred before the adjourn-
ment of Congress ought, I think, to be inquired
about.
Mr. DRIGGS. I think they have been the
smartest on the home-stretch. [Laughter.]
My resolution is sufficiently comprehensive.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
appointments to office.
The SPEAKER stated the next proposition
lying over to be the following one, submitted
by Mr. Myers :
"Whereas, under tho Constitution of the United
States, the President of the United States has power
to appoint officers of the United States, whose ap-
pointments are established by law, only by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, exccpt tem-
porarily to fill up vacancies that may happen in the
recess of the Senate; and whereas the present Chief
Magistrate, it is alleged, has, in numerous instances,
failed tonominate such officers to the Senate forsuch
advice and consent until its session had nearly cl osed,
and then after rejection, reappointed them or desig-
nated others in their places, thus virtually exercis-
ing the sole power of appointment; and whereas in
numerous other instances he has, it is alleged, ap-
pointed men to office and allowed a session of the
Senate to elapse without sending in their names for
confirmation; and whereas ho has also, it is alleged,
in numerous instances, during the recess of the Sen-
ate, made appointments to office wheie no vacancies
had happened or existed:
Be it resolved by the Senate nncl House of Represent-
atives, That the President of the United States be,
and he i3 hereby, requested to communicate to this
House at as early a day as possible,
1. The names of all persons reappointed by him
after rejection by the Senate, or the names of others
appointed in their stead, with a designation of the
offices to which they wore so appointed and the dates
of their several appointments, and of their nomina-
tions to the Senate.
2. A like list and designation of nil persons ap-
pointed by him whose names were withheld from the
Senate during its sessions.
3. A like list and designation of all appointments
made by him during the recess of the Senate where
no vacancy had happened, and if to fill vacancies,
then a complete statement of how such vacancies
occurred.
Mr. MYERS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. NIBLACK moved the resolution be laid
upon the tabic.
Mr. MYERS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken5 and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 30, nays 124, not voting
36 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Boyer, Eldridge, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Hise, Hum-
phrey. Hunter, Kerr, Latham, Le Blond, Leftwich,
Marshall, Niblack, Nicholbon, Noell, Phelps, Samuel
J. Randall, Ritter. Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sit-
greaves, Strouse, Taber, Nelson Taylor, Thornton,
Trimble, and AndreW H, Ward—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Barker, Beaman,Benjamin, Bidwell,Bingham, Blow,
Boutwell, Brandegec, Bromwell, Broomal 1, Buckland,
Bandy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb.Cook,
Cullom, Darling, Dawes, Defrces, Deming, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Eggleston, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry. Garfield, farmnell. Gris-
wold.IIalo, AbnerC.Harding, Hart, Hawkins, Iioyes,
Henderson, Higby,Holmes, Hooper, Hotehkiss,.John
II. Hubbard, Jaines R. Hubbell, Ilulburd, Ingersoll,
Jeneltes, .Tulian, Kasson, Iveiley. Ivelso, Ketcham,
Koontz, Kuykenrtall, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McOlurg.
Mclndoe, MoKee, McEuer, Mercur. Miller, Moor-
head. Morrill, Morris, Mouiton, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill. Orth,Pa;no. Purham, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy,
Price, William It. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. llice, RoOins, Sawyer, Sehenck, Sco-
fleld, Shellabaiger, Sloan, Spaldmi;, Starr, Stevens,
Stokes, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. ihomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
RobertT. Van Horn, HamiltonWard, Warner, Elibu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Williams, Jaines F.
Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson, and Windom—124.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Baxter,
Bergen, Blaine, Camxjbell, Chanler, Conkling, Cooper,
Culver, Davis; Dawson, Delano, Demson, Dumont,
Harris, Hill, Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester
D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbell,
Johnson, Jones, Laflin, Longyear, Marston, McCul-
lough, Patterson, Radford, Rogers, Stilwell, Nathan-
iel G. Taylor, Wkalcy, Winfield, Woodbridge, and
Wright—36.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and nnder the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MYERS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the preamble.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble was also adopted.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
chaplains of the navy.
Mr. _ WASHBURN, of Indiana, offered the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs bo
instructed to inquireinto tho expediency of so amend-
ing tho laws sis to allow chaplains in the Navy, who
have served with the land forces of the United States
during the rebellion, to take rank from the date of
such service.
This resolution being a call for executive
information, was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was agreed to; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
railroad grants in kansas.
The SPEAKER stated as the next business
in order the consideration of a bill which was
ordered to lie on the Speaker's table on the
26th of June, 1866, namely, Senate bill No.
320, to amend an act entitled "An act for a
grant of land to the State of Kansas, in alter-
nate sections, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads and telegraphs in said State,"
approved March 3, 1863.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to refer
the bill to the Committee -on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ofIllin<5ls, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was referred;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment over.
On motion of Mr. HOOPER, of Massachu-
setts, it was ordered that when the House ad-
journs to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday-
next.
meeting of congress.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the next business in order is tho con-
sideration of House bill No. 830 introduced
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,]
which was made the special order for to-day.
The bill was read. It provides, that the
regular meeting of the Fortieth Congress of
the United States, and each succeeding Con-
gress thereafter, shall be at twelve o'clock
meridian on the 4th day of March, the day on
which the term begins for which the Congress
is elected, and on the first Monday in January
next thereafter, and on tho second Monday in
the November next preceding the end of tho
term for which the Congress is elected.
The second section provides that section
seventeen of the act approved July 28, 1866,
entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1867, and for other
purposes," be so amended that no Senator
or Representative in Congress, who may be a
member of an immediately succeeding Con-
gress, shall receive any allowance for mileage
for traveling to the place of meetingto attend
the first session of such succeeding Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK. I' do not propose to a«k
the attention of the House long to this bill.
I hope that the House will not deem it neces-
sary to occupy much time in disposing of a
matter requiring, on some accounts, imme-
diate attention. If this bill, or anything like
it in its main features, is to become a law, it
is important that it should be enacted into
law as speedily as possible in order to afford
to some three or four States, which have not
held their elections for members of the next
Congress, and whose present election laws
will not permit them to be represented in that
Congress as early as the mouth of March, an
opportunity, either by extra meeting or regu-
lar session of their Legislatures, of making the
change.
The bill which I have presented provides in
the first place, as its main object, for the
assembling of each Congress hereafter on the
4th of March, being the first day of the term
for which the members of such Congress
are elected. The reason for that must be ob-'
vious to every one. We have now an execu-
tive department represented by the President
as the Chief Magistrate, with that officer inau-
gurated on the very day upon which his term
begins, to take the place of his immediate
predecessor. Thus there is a continuity given
to that which represents the executive power
of this country. In the same way the judiciary
is continuous by successive appointment of
the members who compose our Supremo and
other courts. But the legislative department
has, up to this period of our history, presented
a very different condition of things, the incon-
venience of which now makes us feel for the
first time, perhaps, that a reform is necessary.
That inconvenience so presses upon us now
that I have very little doubt every one must
have come to the conclusion that a change is
needed.
Congress is elected for a term of twenty'four
months, and yet under the existing laws pro-
viding for the meeting of Congress a period of
nine months, from March to December, must
expire without any organization of the legis-
lative department of the Government. It con-
sists for more than one third of its time, there-
fore, of a number of persons elected to be Rep-
resentatives of the legislative power of the
country, but who are without jjower to meet
together even for the purpose of organization,
so that the powers of the Government with
which they are to be invested cannot be exer-
cised unless they shall be called together at the
pleasure of the executive department. There
is therefore in regard to the legislative depart-
ment of the Government no permission to con-
tinue until we change the law. There is an
interregnum extending ovpr one third of the
congressional term at each succeeding^ two
years. I propose to cure this by providing
that Congress shall hereafter, as the regular
time of meeting, assemble on the first day on
which the term of Congress commences. This
meeting will ordinarily be, perhaps, for not
much more except for organization. It is not
likely that this first session of Congress pro-
vided for in the scheme which I propose will
last much more than ten, twenty, or thirty
days, depending upon tho exigencies of the
country, but it will give Congress an oppor-
tunity to organize by the election of a Speaker
and the appointment of its officers and it'
committees so as to be prepared for business.
It will enable them at their discretion to meet
afterward at their own desire, and, in short,
put them in a position to have, as it were, the
command of the situation.
The bill provides for a meeting at tlifit time,
and tho length of the session will depend upon
the will of Congress itself. It does not seem
