32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Vermont is to strike out and insert.
A motion to amend the amendment must be
confined strictly to the part proposed to be
stricken out. The amendment of"the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] will
have to be reserved.
Mr. STEVENS. My object is simply to
provide for a meeting of Congress on the 4th
of March, and to leave everything else as it is
at present.
Sir. DAWES. The gentleman would have
no other time fixed by law for the meeting of
Congress?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir. I would have the
Congress meet on the 4th of March, and leave
it with them to decide how long they should sit,
and to what time they should adjourn.
Several Members. That is right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, if there be no
objection, will regard the motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] as com-
ing prior to the motion of the gentleman from
Vermont, which will be considered as an amend-
ment designed to perfect thotext before action
on the motion to strike out the whole clause.
Mr. STEVENS. The Constitution now fixes
the first Monday of December for a meeting of
Congress, and we need not make any provision
on that subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. "With the leave of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] I
wish to call his attention to a possible difficulty
that may arise under his proposition. He pro-
poses to strike out any provision for a second
session, and depend upon each Congress to
fix a time for an adjourned meeting. Now,
Congress may take a "recess," though there
is a little doubt what that may be; but there
cannot be a regular meeting of Congress except
on the first Monday of December, unless some
other time be fixed by law. It is a question
between an adjourned meeting and a recess, if
any one can draw the precise distinction.
But the precedents are these, as I find on
consulting the record: that the First Congress,
sitting-solely so as to make it expedient not to
meet on the first Monday of December, p'assed
a short enactment going through all the forms
of a regular act of Congress, and approved by
the President, changing the time by putting it
January instead of December. And there are
four or five other cases in which the early Con-
gresses, beginning with the practice established
by the first, seem to have interpreted the Con-
stitution by passing enactments and not reso-
lutions for this purpose, so aa to claim that their
power to make an adjourned meeting—to make
a meeting of Congress other than that provided
in the Constitution—must be done, as the Con-
stitution itself requires, by law.
The language of the Constitution, I pre-
sume, every one is familiar with. Congress
shall assemble at least once in every year, and
such meeting shall be on the first Monday in
' December, unless they shall by law appoint a
different day. I propose to get rid of all ques-
tions hereafter as to whether it is a recess or
an adjournment, whether it is a regular meet-
ing, a meeting in continuation of the same ses-
sion, or whether it is one of the regular meet-
ings of Congress under the Constitution, by fix-
ing it by law. Congress which meets on the
4th of March, or either of these other times,
may take a recess, and that is the only way
they can accomplish a meeting between any
two regular sessions unless by law, by enact-
ment under all the forms of a statute.
I suggest that as a difficulty you escape in
drawing the bill as mine has been drawn. I
repeat that in four or five cases where the first
and two or three successive Congresses acted
on this subject, and changed the time fixed in the
Constitution, tSey did it by enactment under
all the forms of law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
"the second Monday in November" and in-
sert "the first Monday in December." If my
amendment and the amendment of the gentle-
men from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] be adopted
it will leave the subsequent sessions of Con-
gress as they are now, only providing by law
for extra sessions every two years to commence
on the 4th of March. I think that will be better.
The amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] does not accomplish
it for the reason that this section provides the
regular time of meeting of the Fortieth Con-
gress and cach successive Congress. If you
strike out that part you will only provide for
one session of Congress.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. What is the ques-
tion before the House?
The SPEAKER. The pending amendment
is that of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. SHELLABARCrER. I rose to move an
amendment in relation to one matter, provid-
ing for elections in States which do not hold
elections before the 4th of March.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to insert after the
word "thereafter," in the sixth line, "in
addition to the present day of meeting,'' so that
the 4th of March will be fixed as a new day in
addition to the present day.
The SPEAKER. That will be reserved
until the other motions are voted on.
Mr. GARFIELD. I offer an amendment
further to perfect, and it is to strikeout in line
seven from the word "elected" to and includ-
ing the word " thereafter" in the eighth line,
"and on the first Monday in January next
thereafter," the same proposition offered by
the gentleman from Vermont, a few moments
ago; and it seems to me the section can stand
precisely as printed, if these words be stricken
out, and achieve the object we desire.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not
in order except by unanimous consent, as the
power of amendment has been exhausted.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was received.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish simply to say, if
my amendment prevail and the text be allowed
to stand as it is now printed, two things will
be done : first, we shall have provided by law
that Congress shall meet one year on the 4th
of March and the next year on the second
Monday of November. That will cover the
beginning of each Congress and satisfy the
condition of the Constitution that Congress
shall meet at least once in each year. It will
make the first meeting, on the 4th day of March,
to be continued as long or as short a time as
the Congress may itself determine, with the
power to adjourn to meet in the following
November, or to meet in December or in Jan-
uary of the following year, if it pleases. But
there must be a meeting, according to this
bill, in the second year on the second Monday
of November.
Now, I do not think we ought to determine
here that there shall be three sessions of each
Congress—two the first year and one the sec-
ond ; but let us declare by law that there shall
be one meeting in each year, namely, the first,
beginning on the 4th of March, and the second
beginning, as provided here, in November, so
that the last session of Congress shall be a
four months' instead of a three months' ses-
sion. The first session may be as short or as
long as the Congresa may determine. I there-
fore propose, in order to effect what I have
just stated, to strike out all after the word
"elected'1 in line seven to and including the
word "thereafter" in line eight, so that it will
read :
That the regular times of meeting of the Fortieth
Congress of the Umtoil States, and of each succeeding
Congress thereafter, shall be at twelve o'clock me-
ridian on the 4th day of March, the day ouwhielithe
term begins for which the Congress is elected, and oil
the second Monday in the November next preceding
the end of tho term for which tlie Congress is elected.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to make a motion to
perfect the text.
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope there will be no
more amendments offered until we dispose of
the present ones.
The SPEAKER. The first proposition is to
strike out " the first Monday in Jaiiuary," and
insert "the first Monday in December.''
_Mr. STEVENS. If I may be indulged, I
will state that if my amendment to strike out
all after the word '' elected'' prevails, I shall
then move to modify the section so that it shall
read thus:
That in addition to the regular time of meeting of
Congress as now fised, there shall be a meetingot the
Fortieth fiengress, and of cach succeeding Congress
thereafter, on the 4th day of March, the day on which
the term begins for which the Congress is electcd.
We thus Jeave the matter as the Constitution
fixes it, but we make a new meeting of Con-
gress on the 4th of March according to this bill.
That is what I want to get at. I am opposed
to meeting before or after the beginning of
December. My object is simply to confine the
bill to another session on the 4th of March.
Mr. MORRILL. Why may we not legislate
precisely as we think the exigencies of the
country require? In the first place, this bill
provides for the assembling of the next Con-
gress, and of all succeeding Congresses, on the
4th' day of March. I believe we all agree to
that. Then the next meeting of Congress,
unless there shall be circumstances requiring
a different time, will be on the first Monday of
December, as now. I think about that we are
all substantially agreed. But it is known that
the last session of Congress, as we have expe-
rienced in years past, is altogether too brief
for the amount of labor which we are to per-
form. Therefore tho bill which provides for
an earlier meeting by about a month appears
to be wise.
Now, if the amendment which I have pro-
posed shall be adopted, we shall have one meet-
ing of Congress on the 4th of March, which
will be undoubtedly a brief one—will last for a
week or ten days, or possibly longer—and then
the next will occur, as now, on the first Mon-
day of December, and the last session will
occur a month earlier than December. It
seems to me that is exactly what we are all
after. I trust we shall incorporate it into a
law so that it will be seen and read of all men.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman propose that the second session shall
commence in November?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir, the last session.
Mi\ WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That may
be very convenient for the gentleman from Ver-
mont and those who have their elections in Oc-
tober, but it is not so convenient for those who
have their elections in November.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe that the time
fixed by the bill is six days after all the elec-
tions take place. It is the second Monday in
November. For one, I should prefer to have
them both in December, if there is any differ-
ence of opinion, but the amendment which I
propose simply changes the bill as to the sec-
ond session. If the gentleman from Illinois
or others prefer to have the third or last session
of Congress as now, they can move that amend-
ment afterward.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
will be done, and I now demand the previous
question on the pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Morrill's amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on Mr. Faknswobtii's
amendment, and being put, there were—ayes
ninety-two, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Gar-
field's amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Stevens's
motion.
Mr. STEVENS. With a view of reaching
what seems to be the opinion of the House, I
propose to modify the amendment so as to
strike out the whole section and insert a new
section, which has been drawn with some care.
It is this:
That in addition to the present regular time for tho
meeting of Congress, thero sliall be a meeting of the
Fortieth Congress of the United States, and of each
succeeding Congress thereafter, on the 4th~dayof
Mareli, the day on which the tenu begins for which
the Congress ia elected, except that when the 4th of
March comes upon a Sunday tho said meetins shall
be upon the next succeeding day.
