1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a statement on
this subject.
No objection was made.
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not intend to make
an argument upon this subject. I wish, how-
ever, to make some inquiries. We upon this
side of the Hsuse are somewhat at a loss to
know the particular object of this bill. We
have an idea, however, that the President
stands in the way of some gentlemen here.
Wc are not fully advised, and f do not suppose
that gentlemen opposite intend to advise us
fully as to the olyect they have in making this
change.
Mr. SCHENCK. May I reply to my col-
league?
Mr. LE BLOND. Not at present.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand my colleague
, to ask a question, and I wish to answer it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I will answer it myself;
I will play the Yankee.
Mr. SCHENCK. All I wished to say was
that we have not found that either the Presi-
dent or his supporters have stood in our way
at all. [Laughter.]
Mr. LE BLOND. And my colleague might
add with equal truth the Constitution. The
conclusion that we upon this side have come
to in regard to this matter is, that the whole
object of this bill is to strip thp Executive of
any appointing power. They seem to have a
controversy upon the other side of the House
as to the best mode of accomplishing that ob-
ject. The bill as originally introduced provides
for three sessions of Congress. It is now pro-
posed to strike that out and let the session com-
mence upon the 4th of March and continue
until the next session commences.
Well, sir, so far as these two propositions
are concerned, I feel no particular interest in
either of them, because the result of the adop-
tion of either of them will bo the same ; but I
judge that the country does feel an interest in
this matter, and they are not willing that this
Congress shall make any change in the present
law so as to keep a perpetual session of Con-
gress. It is unnecessary and uncalled for, and
the expense that will attend it no man can cal-
culate. The people at the proper time will feel
these things, and I judge will act upon the mat-
ter in such a way as will not be very satisfac-
tory to those who favor this system of legisla-
tion. And now all I desire is that gentlemen
opposite will simply come out and make the
thing plain, so that the people may understand
it, and instead of legislating in the manner they
do, say at once that we will have no Executive,
but that we have merely a tenant at. your will
in the White House and with no appointing
power, but that the Senate of the United States,
so long as it shall remain radical, shall have
the appointing power.
This is not the only bill looking to that end.
There is already a proposition pending here,
whereby the appointing power is proposed to
be taken from the Executive and given to the
Chief Justice of the United States. Now, I
think it would be well enough, and I make the
suggestion here, for the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to appoint the Chief Justice of the United
States instead of the Chief Justice appointing
certain officers in that Department of the Gov-
ernment.
Sir, I can see noKing but mischief to result
from this system of legislation. If gentlemen
are going to legislate in this way,T would much
rather they should at once-bring forward a bill
to strike off the head of the Executive, for
then the country would understand it. We
ppon this side of the Chamber have no interest
in this contest, not the least, beyond sustain-
ing the Constitution and free Government.
The President is not the man of our choice;
we did not put him where he is. We claim no
benefits' from him ; certainly we received none
from him in the late campaign, f Laughter 1
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, That is rather
unjust.
Mr. SPALDING-. You have dropped him.
Mr. LE BLOND. We have never dropped
39tii Cong . 2d Sess.—No. 3.
him, for we never took him up. There was no
occasion for us to drop that which we never
took up. We neither took him up, nor did he
take us up. It is true that wherever he ran
into our line of policy we were bound to sus-
tain him, as we sustain every man who is right.
But we have never blindly followed the lead of
the President or any other man. The Demo-
cratic party has never recognized but one leader,
and that is the Constitution, and laws passed in
pursuance thereof. In this particular we
widely differ from the gentlemen upon that side
of the Hall. Their leader by the natural law
must die, and that soon, while ours may live
till the end of time if not strangled by its ille-
gal guardians who are now trying by this and
other bills to paralyze one of its most impor-
tant limbs. But, sir, we have never undertaken
to sustain indiscriminately that which the Radi-
cals have put in place or power: to do so would
destroy any party in the world. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to answer the inquiry put by
the gentleman upon the other side, [Mr. Le
Blond.]
No objection was made.
Mr. SCHENCK. The principal difficulty
under which the lcaderof the opposite side 
Mr. LE BLOND. Not at all; we have no
leader.
Mr. SCHENCK. The principal difficulty
under which he labors in regard to our purpose
appears to be that we have not done something
in such manner as to make it plain to the peo-
ple. Now, sir, my observation teaches me to
believe that the people do not need stoy par-
ticular explanation; but they have recently
proved to the world that they fully understand
the questions submitted to them by Congress.
And I do not know that we can make this thing
any plainer than they seem to have considered
those other matters which they have passed
upon.
I congratulate my colleague, [Mr. LeBloxd,]
however, upon the fact that he will escape from
all the difficulties in relation to this question
under which those v/ho coma back to any suc-
ceeding Congress will labor; and he will also
be relieved at the same time from all respon-
sibility of presiding over that portion of the
deliberations in this Hall which goes on on that
side of the Chamber.
But he has another apprehension; that we
find the President or something else an obstruc-
tion in the way of our legislation here, and are
endeavoring to overcome or get around that
obstacle. I say to my colleague, as I attempted
to say a few minutes siate when I interrupted
him, that he is entirely mistaken upon that
point. We have not, according to our recent
experiences, found either the President, or
those who support him, at all in the way of a
determination of the decisions of the Congress
of the United States.
Now, what is the gentleman's objection? It
is that we create a session of Congress which
will continue until the subsequent session of
Congress begins. Sir, there is no such pro-
vision in this bill. The gentleman certainly
has not read it aright, nor does lie comprehend
the amendment which is proposed to it. It
simply provides that in addition to the sessiong-
of Congress prescribed by the Constitution,
there shall be another session to begin on the
4th of March, the day on which the term of
the Congress itself begins. As to the length
of time that session shall last, both the bill
aad the amendment are equally silent. I sup-
pose the session will continue \jntil Congress
shall choose to adjourn. That is the most
either iie, or any one else can make of it. I
hardly suppose the gentleman wishes us to
attempt any legislation which will prevent Con-
gress from adjourning just when it pleases,
either at the end of the first, second, or third
session of that body.
Now, the gentleman need not be at all afraid
that this is done for the purpose of "taking
up" theJPresident, as he expresses it, or ''tak-
ing up" anybody else; or that we are going to
interfere with any relations between him an4
his colleagues around him, and the President.
I do not believe they took him up or he took
1 hem up. I do not believe it was a "taking
up'' at all; but that each took the other in and
not up. Then finding that it was a mutual
delusion, they are now ready to separate and
dissolve the partnership.
There is no object, Mr. Speaker, in all this
legislation except what appears upon its face;
there is no " cat under the meal." Wepropose
Congress shall continue as one of the coordi-
nate branches of this Government, under such
circumstances that there shall be no danger
in any shape to the country by reason of an
interregnum which shall leave suspended the
functions of the legislative department during
one third or any other portion of a congres-
sional term. This is the whole of it. If, in
addition to this legislation, we choose to pro-
ceed to other' measures, to which the gentle-
man has alluded, but which are not in question
now—if we take means to hedge round the
President, and prevent some of that mischief
in which he is now engaged—we shall perforin
a v.ery laudable work; a work which I trust will
go on until we have done all in that direction
that may be possible or* desirable.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Stevens, it was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend
by inserting the following as a new section, to
come in after section one:
And be it further enacted, That in each State which
is represented in Congress at the time of the taking
effect of this act, and which shall not, prior to the
4th of March, A. D. 1867, have elected Representa-
tives from sueh State to the Fortieth Congress, nor
have by law provided for such election prior to that
day, the Governor of such State shall, by proclama-
tion raado at least, two weeks beforo the 22d of Feb-
ruary, A, D. 1867, order an election af such Repre-
sen tatives for sacn State to be held on said last-named
day, such elections to bo conducted in all respects
according to the laws-of said States regulating such
elections.
I desire to make a suggestion or two in regard
to this amendment, which has been shown, I
believe, to the members of all or most of the
States interested in it, and is substantially sat-
isfactory to them. It provides for elections to
be held on the 22d of February in each of the
States which shall not have elected prior to the
4th of March next, or which shall not by their
own laws have made provision for such elec-
tion prior to that time.
Mr. DAW'ES. Will the gentleman permit
me to make a suggestien? It occurs to me
that it may be beyond our power to command
the Governor of a State to issue a proclamation
as proposed in .the amendment.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That may be true
in the sense intended by the gentleman. But
I presume it is competent for'Congress, using
the official appellation of the individual as a
mere descriptio personce, to designate a Gov-
ernor or other person as its minister or agent to
make a proclamation. The Constitution, after
providing that the Legislatures of the several
States may, in the' absence of congressional
enactment, regulate .the " timgs, places, and
manner of holding elections for Senators and
Representatives," provides " that Congress
may at any time by law make or alter such reg-
ulations, except as to the places of choosing
Senators." My amendment simply proposes
that Congress shall^exert this power conferred
upon it by the Constitution; anaforthepurposes
of this'exigency alotio, confining the provision
to that, it provides a method by which elections
may be held in each of the States whose laws
do not provide for an election before the 4th
of March. I trust that the amendmen't.will be
satisfactory to the Honse.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. DAWE& I do tiot rise to eppose this
amendment. I think it, or something equiva-
lent to it, is tie'cessary. I" have prepared a bill,
which is now before the Committee of Elec-
tions, to fix a uniform time throughout the
United States for the election of Representatives
ift Congress. I suggest that the gentleman's
