34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
amendment might be improved by omitting all
that machinery in reference to proclamations,
and simply providing that in the States indi-
cated in the amendment the 2"2d day of Feb-
ruary or some other day shall be fixed for
electing members to the Fortieth Congress, in
conformity to the laws of those States. The
purpose of the gentleman's amendment ought
to be carried out; and perhaps its form is better
than any I could suggest; but my pioposition
is designed to obviate a possible difficulty,
where a Governor might neglect or refuse to
issue a. proclamation.
Mr. HIGBY. If the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] has concluded, I ask the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shbllabarger] to
yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I do so with
pleasure.
Mr. HIGBY. I conceive, Mr. Speaker, that
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio would operate most disastrously with ref-
erence to the State of California, on account of
the season of the year fixed for the election and
the peculiar condition of our country at that
season. My present judgment is that our State
had better be left without any representation
in Congress at the session beginning on the 4th
of March, rather than that we should be re-
quired to hold an election at a season so unfa-
vorable for the purpose. There is a very large
portion of the population of our State living in
remote districts, whovare almost buried under
the snow during the months of December, Jan-
uary, February, and March—so much so that
in the towns in the mountains they have to
burrow under the snow to cut a way from street
to street.
I am, sir, stating what is the fact. The snow
is twelve^ fifteen, and twenty feetdeep; and when
we get below the snow belt, that is, in the mount-
ain regions, we have winters when it is almost
impossible for a month or six weeks for the peo-
ple to get from town to town. It is, therefore,
going to depend altogether upon the character
of the season whether we can get our popula-
tion to the polls or not. It will be impossible,
if we have a winter such as wc had in 1801 and
18G2, for one quarter of the voters to get, to the
vicinity of the polls to vote. There were days
and weeks when we had no intercourse between
our towns during that winter. It was the same
in 18G2 and 1863. It is not so every winter. I
am providing against this wet season which we
have from time to time. It is my judgment that
the bill should contain an alternative providing
that the election can be held.
Mr. BID WELL. Mr. Speaker, I agree en-
tirely with what my colleague has said; but I
will add there are other objections which may
be urged to having the provisions of this bill
applied to California. It is not so easy to
hold elections in our State, with its immense
territory and a sparse population in many
portions of it. It costs something to hold an
election in the State of California, and then,
in order to have a fair election, it is necessary
that the same expensive machinery shall be
put into operation to hold a congressional
election as to hold an entire State election.
The State of California postpones the election
of Congressmen until the general State elec-
tion in next September. Then we elect all
our State officers, from Governor to members
of the Legislature, and members of Congress.
We can hold an election then that will call
forth the sentiment and be a fair election in
the State of California; but if we attempt to
hold a special election in the month of Feb-
ruary, when it is almost impossible to travel,
sometimes entirely so, from one portion of our
State to another, at a time when great frauds
maybe committed in elections, it would hardly
be an indication of the sentiment of our State.
I hope, therefore, this bill will be postponed
so wo can have further time to' perfect it, so
as not to make it necessary that an election
should be held in the month of February, and
to see whether we cannot make an exception
in-the case of the State of California, at least
not to make it mandatory or binding on us to
attempt to accomplish what would be impossi-
ble, a physical impossibility.
Mr. SHELLABARGER obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I wish-to suggest a modifi-
cation. I still think,it were better if the gen-
tleman from Ohio would postpone this pro-
vision until the consideration of the bill pend-
ing in the Committee of Elections. If this
bill now before the House become a law with-
out that provision, some section in the other
bill might meet this exigency if carefully pre-
pared. I have therefore stricken out and
inserted, at his suggesiion, so that it will read
as follows:
And be it further enacted, That in each State whiuli
is represented in Congress at the time of the taking
effect of this act., and which shall not, prior to the 4th
of March, A. D. 1867, have elected liepresentaiives
from such State to the Fortieth Congress,nor have pro-
vided for such election prior to that day, the second
Tuesday of February next shall be the time fixed for
the holding of such election in such State or States,
such election to bo conducted in all respects according
to the laws of said States regulating said elections.
I think that will accomplish just what the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] is
after. Still, I suggest whether, after all, it
would not be better to leave this matter without
action. It is very apparent that this will create
a sudden emergency in all the States to which
it applies. It is all to transpire between now
and the 4th of March, less than three months;
and to precipitate upon States that have made
no preparation and no calculation for an elec-
tion, ^specially the State of California, the
necessity of holding an election, it seems to
me, would be unfortunate.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, it
is perfectly obvious from the temper of the
House and the indications we have had, that
a bill is to pass this body which is to provide for
the meeting of the first session of the Fortieth
Congress on the 4th day of March. That fact
being known, we may as well considenihe pro-
priety of this amendment from thatstand-point.
This question, then, of the inconvenience of
holding these elections so soon as February,
co mes to just this: the choice between being rep-
resentedinthe Fortieth Congress or holding an
election between now and the 4th of March.
The gentlemen from California, therefore, will
see that their State will either not be repre-
sented in the first session of Congress, or else
they must hold their election before the 4th of
March next. Now, in the amendment which I
have proposed I have postponed that election
until within a week of the 4th of March, cer-
tainly not allowing irfSre time than will be ab-
solutely requisite to get the necessary returns.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not deem it meet
or comely for this Congress to provide for the
holding of a session of the Fortieth Congress
without at the same time making provision by
which all the States might at least be repre-
sented in Congress which are now recognized
as entitled to representation. Let Congress
at least do its dnty in the way of providing a
method by which the States may be repre-
sented. If the State of California or any other
State, either on account of its snows or other
circumstances, may not choose to avail itself
of the methods provided by the act of Con-
gress, that will be a matter which will concern
the State itself. But I entreat this Congress,
sitting as we now do, unfortunately and sadly-
deprived by the rebellion of some States of
their wonted presence here, let us not pass a
law providing for a meeting of the next Con-
gress without providing a method by which the
six States that have yet to hold their elections
may be represented here, when the fact is that
we can do so. The Constitution provides that
another time for the meeting of Congress may
be fixed by law. We are now passing a bill
containing such a provision. Therefore let us
make it possible that each Stale maybe repre-
sented here. The question of convenience or
inconvenience is one that does not seriously
affect the propriety of passing this amendment.
My friend, the chairman of the Committee
of Elections, [Mr. Dawes,] suggests that we
leave it for the purpose of being adjusted in a
bill that that committee has under considera-
tion. Now, I agree with that gentlemen en-
tirely, provided we are sure that that bill will
jjass. I have preferred that method, and pre-
fer it still. I have favored the bill he proposes,
and still favor it. But that may not become a
law, and hence I want this amendment to go
on the statute-book along with this law, so
that it shall not be said that Congress did not
provide that six States should be represented
here at the first session of the next Congress.
Now, after what I have said, if the members
from the States that are interested prefer to run
the risk of taking my colleague's bill without
having this provision put in the law, I will
withdraw my amendment. But I thought it
was agreeable to the members from the States
for whose benefit it was offered.
I now yield to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Mayxard.J
Mr. MAYNAIID. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio will not withdraw his amendment.
The bill that is now before the House, if ma-
tured into a law, puts to great inconvenience
all those States that have not held congressional
elections, by precipitating upon them-an elec-
tion at an unusual and unexpected time. That
inconvenience should, therefore, be made as
little as possible. In order to do that it is im-
portant that this bill be matured into a law at
the earliest practicable moment, and that in it
there shall be a provision for holding elections
in those States which have not already chosen
members of Congress. Hence the importau ce
of this amendment being attached to the bill is
that as soon as this is published to the country,
as a part of the law of the land, the country will
know at the same time when elections must be
held in the several States for members of the
next Congress, and take measures accordingly.
I am aware that it will be a matter of incon-
venience to many gentlemen here who might
desire to attend the elections, and who might
probably be desired by their constituents to
become candidates for reelection. That, of
course, every one perceives, but that is an in-
convenience which we must submit to. If this
bill passes there will be the still greater incon-
venience on the part of the Representatives of
some of the States of not being present at the
commencement of the next Congress to take part
in its organization and to find appropriate places
on its committees, to say nothing of the draw-
ing of seats. I happen to have felt this incon-
veniencein the Thirty-Seventh Congress, which
was called in extraordinary session, and I have
no desire that any successor of mine shall be
subjected to the same inconvenience.
I trust, therefore, that this bill will pass at
as early a moment as practicable, and that this
provision, or something tantamount to it, will
be a part of the bill, so that when the bill goes
before the country it will fix the time when
elections are to be held for the next Congress.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. _ I yield now to
the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Biian-
degeb,]
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman from
Connecticut allow me to suggest a mode of
compromising this whole difficulty?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Let me first suggest
an objection to the bill, and then I will yield.
Mr. Speaker, I am inAvor of the object
sought to be attained by the gentleman from
Ohio,* [Mr. Shellabakgeu,] and I understand
that my delegation are in favor of that object.
We think it a meritorious bill, and that the
object is one necessary to be provided for; but
I am fearful that some complication, especially
for Connecticut, will arise out of the operation
of the gentleman's amendment, if it becomes a
law, that he has not contemplated, and it is one
that it seems to me it is impossible to get rid
of by any amendment proposed in so hasty a
manner.
This bill, which seems likely to pass this Con-
gress, or at any rate this House, provides iliai
the next Congress shall meet upon the -1th of
March next. If it it doespass, Oongresswill then
