798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
speak in reference to what was said by the Sen-
ator from Maine, who charged that these inter-
ests I speak about are in my own vicinity or in
my own State. That is true; and that is a
reason why I advocate them here more earn-
estly, perhaps, than I would if they were in the
State of another Senator, who was quite as able
to set forth and protect the interests of his con-
stituents as I could be. This interest is no
more local than every other one that comes
under the supervision of this bill. It affects
all the inhabitants of the country, because be-
tween the States of the Union we levy no cus-
toms. These States are one great community
for certain purposes, and it does not make any
difference where the thing to be taxed happens
to lie; it affects everybody that has occasion
to use the article. Because this quarry hap-
pens to lie in Ohio I am not aware that I am
contending for a mere local interest any more
than I should be if it was located anywhere
else. It seems to me to be perfectly germane
to include all the freestone interests in this
amendment. The same principle applies to
them all. When you come to consider whether
they shall be taxed in this bill or not, grind-
stones stand on precisely the same principle as
freestones, and therefore I have grouped them
all together, not believing there was any differ-
ence in principle.
Mr. I'ESSENDEN. Why not put on a
thousand per cent.?
Mr. WADE. Because I think that would
be extravagant.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought you said it
was all the same.
Mr. WADE. No; I say the same principle
of protection applies. I am for applying that
principle to this article, and the Senator can-
not deny that the same principle for which I
am contending pervades his whole bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a question of
amount.
Mr. WADE., Yes ; and I ask for a smaller
amount than is given to many other interests by
this bill. I hardly understand how the Senator
argues this bill. Sometimes when it is conven-
ient for liis purpose he tells us that the duty
is for revenue; and then on other occasions,
when he has some other purpose to serve, he
says the duty is for protection. Now, I am for
both, whether the interest to be protected is
loealed in Portland or in Cleveland. Its local-
ity makes no difference to me. In this case I
am in for the protection of grindstone and
freestone against foreign competition in the
same way that I am for protecting our own
labor against foreign competition in any other
articles of production.
Mr. GRIMES. Does not the Senator see
that under the operation of our present inter-
nal tax law, just so far as his proposition is pro-
tective just so far it diminishes the revenue.
Mr. WADE. Certainly it does.
Mr. GRIMES. Then where is the profit to
the Government.
Mr. WADE. You say it is a very profitable
business, which I do not understand that it is,
and I am assured by those interested in it
(whose arguments I do not lug in) that the
business is not a profitable one. If it is, I
trust the Finance Committee will have shrewd-
ness enough to hunt it up and tax it. If it is
a profitable business and these men make
money out of it, you ought to derive a revenue
from them as well as from others; and if the
assertion he true that this is a money-making
business impose your taxation on it; there is
no reason why it should not be done. Indeed,
I had supposed it was taxed like other business
of a similar kind; but I never looked to see
whether the internal revenue law applied to
them or not. I am willing that they should be
placed on the same principle as others.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask if the vote can be
put first on the motion to strike out and insert,
and next on the motion to strike out on the
next page, or whether it is all one vote?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pro-
posed amendment, in the opinion of the Chair,
is subject to a.divisioo.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for a division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A division
of the amendment being asked for, the first
question is on striking olit lines thirty-six and
thirty-seven of section twelve, on page 85, in
these words:
On grindstones, unfinished, ten per cent, ad valo-
rem.
On grindstones, finished, five dollars per ton.
And in lieu thereof inserting:
On grindstones, and on soapstone, freestone, sand-
stone, granite, and all building or monumental stone
except marble, four dollars per ton of thirteen cubic
feet.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Does the amend-
ment now include grindstones?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
so understands it.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it not possible to amend
the amendment so as to get a separate vote on
the different articles enumerated in it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not. A motion to strike out and insert
is one motion, and is not divisible.
Mr. GRIMES. Cannot the question be
divided in any way ? '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would inquire whether
the question cannot be divided so that we may
take the vote on grindstones to begin with, and
have a distinct vote on each separate branch
or article proposed to be included.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks there can be no division of this motion.
It is a motion to strike out and insert, and
that under the rules is one motion and cannot
be divided.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the pnly course left
to those who are against one of the proposi-
tions and in favor of the other is to vote
against the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio and then offer a subsequent amendment
in a different form.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. That is of
course in the power of any Senator.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered;
Mr. SPRAGUE. Before the yeas and nays
are taken I desire to state that my colleague
[Mr. Anthony] is confined to-day by indis-
position, and he will, I know, receive the
sympathy of the Senate when I state that on
Friday he was seriously imperiled by an acci-
dent which might have cost him his life. As
he was crossing a street a sleigh approached
him, and guarding himself he seized the pole
and was carried some distance, after which he
lost his hold and the horse and sleigh passed
over him, as he thought on Saturday without
injury, but to-day he feels that he was some-
what injured by the circumstance.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Cowan, Ores-
well, Dixon, Edmund^ Foster, Fowler, Freliaglmy-
sen, Howard, Johnson, Patterson, Poland, Sher-
man, Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, and
Yates—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Conness, Cra-
gin, Davis, Fessenden, Grimes, Harris, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Nesmith, Ramsey, Kiddle, Saulsbury, Sum-
ner, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Doolittle, Fogg, Guth-
rie, MoDougall, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, Ross, and
Stewart—10.
So the amendment to' the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
still a branch of the amendment offered by the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] undisposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed that fell, of
course with the rejection of the other.
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion must be taken on it unless it is withdrawn.
Mr. WADE. It is of no consequence now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing amendment will be read. .
Mr. WADE. I withdraw it. I supposed it
fell with the other, of course.
Mr. SHERMAN. That being withdrawn, I
move to amend section four on page 17, by
striking out the word " twftity" in line twenty-
four and inserting "fifty;" and 'by striking
out the words "square yard" and inserting
"pound;" so as to read "on bunting fifty
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty
per cent, ad valorem;" so as to conform to the
duties in the previous part of the section.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN._ I thought the
Senator from Ohio was renewing the motion of
his colleague as applicable to freestone.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; but you can renew
it afterward.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN." But for that
understanding I should have objected to the
withdrawal of that amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator from
Ohio if his amendment proposes to increase
the duty on bunting or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed by experts
that the duty on bunting, as fixed by the bill as
it stands, is one hundred and thirty-five per
cent.; and by some means—perhaps it is not
an error, though I was about to call it so—in-
stead of levying the<duty per pound, as is done
in all other woolen or worsted manufactures,
it is levied per square yard. The Senate will
see that the preceding parts of the section levy
the duties on blankets and woolen and worsted
yarns, &c., composed of the same materials
that are made into bunting, at from twenty to
fifty cents per pound. Assuming that bunting
is the highest-priced product, which, by the way,
it is not, I propose to put the duty at fifty cents
a pound, which is precisely the duty on the cor-
responding articles of woolen and worsted
Mr. HOWE. How will that leave the bill
in this respect as compared with the present
duty under the existing law?
Mr. SHERMAN. The present duty is fifty
per cent, ad valorem, and from the information
1 get my amendment will make it about sev-
enty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you increase it.
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; this bill makes it one
hnndred and thirty-five per cent., and I reduce
that. By an amendment incorporated into
some law on motion of my friend from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Sprague,] all bunting used by the
Government of the United States must be of
American manufacture, so that all the flags
used by the Government must be of American
manufacture. One or two establishments have
a monopoly of the busimess, and to give them
in addition to that a protection of one hundred
and thirty-five per cent, seems to me rather
too much.
Mr. HOWE. It seems that we import a vast
amount of bunting. We imported last year, I
see by the returns, over thirteen million dol-
lars in value of this very article.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is a mistake.
Mr. HOWE. So the Secretary says.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt bunting
is used by every citizen of the United States
more or less. It goes into the little flags that
are used on the 4th of July. Every citizen
probably has his flag, and a great deal of it is
used.
Mr. HOWE. The Secretary's report puts
the importation at the figures I have stated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is an exag-
geration.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This article of bunting is
different from the articles referred to by the
Senator from Ohio. He refers to blankets,
broadcloths, and such like articles that weigh
two or three yards to a pound; but this is a
light article that weighs something like ten
yards to a pound. Hence there should be a
difference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I feel it my duty to
state that a very short time ago there was no
bunting establishment in the United States;
all the bunting for our own flags was imported ;
the flags that went at the masthead of our
vessels and so on wore of foreign bunting. We
did not manufacture the article in any way
whatever. A gentleman called at the Navy
