1866.
THE ©OFGRESSIOHAL GLOBE.
meet with four States, and perhaps five States,
unrepresented here that are now represented,
and one of those States is Connecticut. I am,
and the Connecticut delegation are, clearly of
the opinion that the House ought to provide
that when Congress assembles, in some way
Connecticut should be represented by an elec-
tion held prior to that time.
But the amendment of the 'gentleman from
Ohio, as I understand it from the mere read-
ing at the Clerk's desk, provides that the elec-
tion of Representatives from Connecticut shall
be held on the 22d day of February, under the
laws of the State; anjl that unless the Legisla-
ture shall provide for an election on that day,
the Governor by proclamation shall so provide..
Our election is held now on the firstrMondayin
April, and this amendment provides that it'
shall be held on the 22d of February. The
registration law of our State, a most salutary
and wholesome law, which has Commended
itself in its results to the people of the State,
provides by its machinery that no man in the
State shall vote except his name was registered
upon certain days,' and one of those days is the
Wednesday prior to the first Monday in April,
and hence if this bill passes and you provide
that the election shall take place in Connecti-
cut on the 22d of February, under the laws of
the' State no human being can vote at that
election.
Mr. THAYER. Why not alter the law of
the State?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. That would require
the Governor to call the Legislature together,
because the Legislature does-not meetuntilthe
first Monday in April. If the Legislature were
to meet before that time, there would be no
necessi ty for this legislation by Congress. That
is the difficulty in the case of Connecticut, and
there may be other States similarly situated.
While we ar$ heart and hand with him, and
thank the gentleman for bringing the subject to
the attention of Congress and the country, yet
it will produce a confusion there which will
result either in no election at all, or in so many
systems of voting that the Committee of Elec-
tions ot'thc next Congress will have nothing to
do but to determine contested-election cases
from the State of Connecticut.
I would, therefore, suggest that a measure
which will operate upon the detailed machinery
of the elections in the different States, cov-
ering the whole country, is not one to be
brought forward hero upon a penciled amend-
ment, after a five minutes' consultation, and
adopted upon the ground merely that if it is
not passed now it may not be passed at all. I
prefer that the mischief should be remedied
upon this bill, rather than trust to the uncer-
tain chances of another bill which has notbeen
as yet even reported, and which, if reported,
may not pass here, or if passed here may not
pass elsewhere, or which if passed elsewhere
may meet a veto. I prefer that it should be
considered in connection with this bill; but as
it is a subject of great importance, one that
should be carefully considered, I suggest that
this bill bo postponed for a time, in order to
allow a provision to be properly prepared.
Mr. SHE LLABARGEli. I wish to make this
statement in reply to the very pertinent sug-
gestions of my friend from Connecticut, [Mr.
Braxdegek.] 1 admit the practical difficul-
ties to which he has alluded. And an amend-
ment is now being prepared which, I trust, will
meet those difficulties. That amendment, in
substance, will provide that the elections shall
be held on the day named, and that the laws
of the State shall be pursued in so far as in
their nature they are capable of being pursued;
or something of that general idea substituted
for the amendment now pending.
Now, my own opinion is, and I suggest it to
my colleague, [Mr. Schen-ck,] that the proper
way now would bo to postpone this bill for a
short time, and he can consider the suggestions
made by gentlemen from States interested, and
prepare a bill which shall be as near perfect in
every respect as possible. I now yield to the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Bidwell.}
Mr. BID WELL. I agree entirely in the ob-
ject sought to be accomplished by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger. J But
I can perceive this difficulty, that it will be
impossible to hold upon the day he has named
a fair election in" the State which I have the
honor in part to represent. A large propor-
tion of the population of the State of California
is composed of miners, who are during the
summer months in the mountains, but who
during the winter months are obliged to retire
to the valleys. It would, therefore, be impos-
sible to hold a &ir election in the winter sea-
son, especially should the winter be inclement,
as it often is in the mountainouaregions'of our
State.
And further, if the amendmeiit as proposed,
and which is mandatory, should be adopted,
and the States are obliged to hold their elec-
tions on the day therein specified or not at all,
then the State of California w®uld not be rep-
resented at all in the Fortieth Congress.- Our
elections arc now held on the first Monday in
September. If this amendment is adopted and
we fail to elect in February, then we cannot be
represented at all in the next Congress. There-
fore I hope tiat the gentleman who is matur-
ing an amendment to cover all these objections
will take into consideration this fact, and pro-
vide that if the States fail to hold an Section
on the day named, they shall be permitted to
elect at the times fixed by the statutes of their
respective States.
Mr. SHELLABA'RGER. I now yield a
short time to the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Higby.]
Mr. HIGBY. Without repeating any of the
arguments I used when I addressed the House
before, I think I eau show the utter impracti-
cability, of the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio. [Mr. Shellabakger.]
Mr. ROLLINS. Will the gentleman from
California [Mr. Higby] yield to me to make a
proposition ?
Mr. HIGBY. I will with the consent of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,}
by whose courtesy I now hold the floor.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. ROLLINS. I would suggest that the
House now adjourn, and let this subject come
up again for consideration when we meet on
Monday next. In the mean time the gentle-
men representing the several States interested
in this subject can consult together and pre-
pare an amendment which will meet the objec-
tions which have been raised against this prop-
osition. With that vie^ move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly,
(at five minutes before three o'clock p. m.,)
the House adjourned until Monday next.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, <fcc„ were presented under
the rule anil referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BENJAMIN: The petition of William
Crooks, of Clark county, Missouri, a soldier in the
war of 1812, for a pension. .
By Mr. COBB: The memorial of Thomas Garvey,
a wounded soldier of the seventh Veteran regiment,
Wisconsin volunteer infantry, for redress of griev-
ances.
By Mr. ECKLEY: The petition of John Harris,
and 170 others, citizens of Balem, Columbiana county,
Ohio, in favor of impartial suffrage. •
By Sir. LAFLIN: The petition of L. L. Merry, of
Ilion, New York, for relief from payment for stamps
burglariously taken.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New Ttork: The petition
of US citizens of Monroe county, New York, asking
the passage of a law granting pensions to the survi-
vors sf tho war of 1S12.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 10, 18GS.
Prayer by Rev. J. W. Parker, D. D., of
Boston.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
Hon. William Si'Rague, of Rhode Island,
and Hon. B. Gkatz Brown, of Missouri, ap-
peared in their seats.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE. I present the memorial Of D.
A. Moflit, and many other citizens of Colorado,
praying for the admission of Colorado as a
State. It sets forth a great many statistical
facts that are officially certified. As the me- ,
morial is short and contains authentic informa-
tion with regard to the number of inhabitants,
the condition of the Territory, &c., I move that
it be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented the memorial of
L. Pomeroy & Son, remonstrating against ah
extension of the letters-patent of Stephen R,
Parkhurst, dated Ma,y 1, 1845; which /was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Batent Office.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
Patrick Meehan, of Decatur, Indiana; praying
to fee allowed a pension; which was referrea
to the Committee on Pensions. ■
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions'of
officers in the United States Army, praying
for an increase of pay; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
Rice and many other persons who served in
the United States Navy during the late rebel-
lion, praying to be allowed a bounty; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
• Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
John C. Evans, praying compensation for ser- .
vices rendered as assistant assessor of the first
district, first division, in South Carolina; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Samuel
W. Maurice, praying compensation for services
rendered as assistant assessor of internal rev-
enue for the first district of South Carolina;
which was referred to the Committee ou
Finance.
He also presented the petition of a large
number of clerks in the Second Auditor's office
of the Treasury Department, and also the pe-
tition of a large number .of clerks in the Sixth
Auditor' g office of the Treasury Department,
praying, in aid of the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury, that there be a re-
organization of the Treasury Department, and
for increased pay to the clerks in the Depart-
ment; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented resolutions and
other proceedings of the Chamber of Com-
merce of the State of New York, adopted on
the 6th instant, being a practical protest against
the assumption of the Earl of Derby of the
telegraphic dominion of Great Britain ever the
sea, and petitioning for.jmmediate soundings
by our Navy of other links in the Atlantic bed
between our coast and the western coast of
France and southern Europe; which were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
He also presented the memorial of tho
Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
York, in relation to the records and other
papers in the office of the clerk of the United
States court for the southern district of Mis-
sissippi which have been lost or destroyed by
fire; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented fourteen memorials of
citizens of the United States, remonstrating
against an increase of the tariff on foreign lin-
seed ; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN. I also present a communi-
cation from Hon. Thomas Hillhouse, comp-
troller of the State of New York, reviewing
with much care the effects of our present sys-
tem of taxes and containing an argument in
favor of providing for the payment of the war
debt created by the several States, or giving to
the States some particular source of revenue
now under tho control of the General Govern-
ment to he appropriated and used by the States
