1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
805
added to the cost of this German-silver ware;
and according to the argument'of the Senator
under that addition this great interest of
$3,000,000 in Connecticut is to sink! I can
not accept the conclusion.
It seems to me that the proposition of the
Senator from New Jersey is reasonable. It is
to a certain extent in harmony with the bill.
I am not, however, one who thinks that the
bill has much harmony in it; but so far as I
understand it, it is in harmony with the bill,
and I believe it would have a good influence
on an interest which I should be sorry to see
starved out, and if this proposition be not
adopted, it I fear will be starved out.
Mr. CATTELL. Only a word; and first in
regard to the action of the Committee on
Finance on the subject of saltpeter. The com-
mittee gave considerable attention to that
subject and finally decided that it was one of
the unnatural manufactures. We have not
the raw material and we are obliged to import
it. It is made from nitrate of. soda and from
muriate of potash, both of which we are obliged
to import, one from Germany and the other
from Peru. Consequently the committee on
a careful examination thought that while it
was forced into existence during the war by
high prices it was yet one of those manufac-
tures not susceptible of being sustained by a
fair levy of import duties. The committee,
however, did two things for that interest:
first, - they increased the duty half a cent,
making it a cent and a half; and next, they
decreased the duty on both the articles which
enter into its manufacture. So they went
just as far as they could, consistent with rev-
enue, to favor this very thing which in their
judgment was rather an unnatural manufac-
ture. I think the chairman of the committee
will bear me out that this was about the view
that was taken on that matter.
It is not so with nickel. Nickel is a native
ore. I have said here and say again these
native ores have been taken in their immense
bulk and have been shipped across the ocean,
and the nickel has been manufactured from
them there and brought back and sold to the
people of the United States. We have plenty
of the ore ; this gentleman has no monopoly
of this ore; it is spread through Connecticut
and through nearly all the New England States;
and all that we ask now is that this enterprise
shall be sustained by even a less average duty
than you have given all through this bill.
I desire to correct one misapprehension which
the Senator from Connecticut labors under,
and that is the statement that this duty is about
fifty per cent. The price of nickel upon the
other side of the water is four shillings and
sixpence sterling and it is quite uniform in this
price. Four shillings and sixpence, as every-
body knows, is, in round numbers, §112; forty
cents a pound on that is a mere fraction differ-
ent from thirty-five per cent, ad valorem. The
average of this bill throughout gives to every
manufacturing interest of prominence in the
country more than that ad valorem duty ; and
I hope this interest will not be discriminated
against.
The question being put on a division ; there
were—ayes 12, noes 10 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does that take prece-
dence of my call for the yeas and nays ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Chair thinks it does.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator with-
draw his motion for a moment that I may make
a statement?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to state, because
I do not want any misapprehension, that I do
not expect to finish the bill to-night. There is
one question connected with it to come up to-
morrow before the committee. If the Senate
wishes to adjourn now, I give notice that I
shall ask the Senate to continue in session to-
morrow until we finish the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say one word
on the proposed adjournment. We are sitting
here at the most inconvenient hours possible
for the whole Senate, as it seems to me. Why
we should sit here at the very dinner hour of
all of us and then adjourn day after day, is to
me very remarkable. It seems to me it is pun-
ishing ourselves. Why not take a recess at half-
past four and come here at seven and finish
the bill? Why continue in session here day
after day until about this hour, which I am sure
incommodes every member of the Senate, and
we accomplish nothing by it? It seems to me
we had better have an understanding and take
a recess at the usual dinner hour and not sit
here over that hour and then adjourn. I am
willing to stay any reasonable time ; but from
five to six o'clock is to me the most inconven-
ient hour possible.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to ask
anything unreasonable of the Senate; and if
they choose to adjourn now or at any other
time in the afternoon or evening they have
the perfect power to do so. I claim nothing
about it. The honorable Senator from Illinois
will recollect, however, that on one or two
occasions, I think, at this session, on some bill
certainly of not more importance than this,
he insisted regularly upon not adjourning the
Senate, but holding on until an hour as late as
this, night after night, and finally adjourned
on getting an understanding as to the time
when the vote should be taken.
On this bill there has been an adjournment
four evenings at five o'clock, and I think only
one evening did we sit after five o'clock. Now
it is for the Senate to do just what it pleases.
I am no more interested in this matter than
any one else; I do not ask the Senate to re-
main as a personal favor to me. I have nothing
to say about it. If the Senate choose to ad-
journ every afternoon at half past two, so be
it; but let us have the vote taken by yeas and
nays and regularly entered on the record.
I have given notice that to-morrow I shall
ask the Senate to stay until the bill is finished.
When I have asked them to do so there is the
end of it as far as I am concerned. If they do
not choose to stay they need not—1 have
nothing to say about that; the time is at their
disposal, and not at mine.
My observation in the Senate with regard to
this matter of dinner and the importance of
dinner has led me to the conclusion that, not-
withstanding all the feeling there is for the
freedmen and for our friends down South,
&c., if they should happen by any accident to
weigh in the balance against dinner at the reg-
ular hour they would be very apt to kick the
beam, notwithstanding all the talk we make
about them. That's my notion.
Now, I do not claim any merit for myself. I
voted against the recess of the Senate for ten
days during the holidays. I stayed here dur-
ing the whole of the time and worked everyday
upon this bill, with the exception of Sundays,
and I do not want to be questioned too par-
ticularly about them; and I have worked on
it every day since that I could get an oppor-
tunity to do so, and I have .gone without my
dinner. Now, if gentlemen choose to say
that dinner is of so much importance that
they cannot stay, so be it; only it does not
rest with me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts renew his motion
to adjourn?
Mr. SUMNER. I renew the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say but one
word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
wishes to understand the question.
Mr. SUMNER. I think I had better not
withdraw it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish only to say a
word. I merely wish to make one observation,
and that is this: that I do not think the dinner,
perhaps, any more important than my friend
from Maine ; but I see no reason for punishing
ourselves unnecessarily.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does my friend con-
sider that doing the public business is a pun-
ishment ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I consider that when
we incommode ourselves unnecessarily the pub-'
lie gains nothing by it and it is a punishment
to ourselves. That is all there is to it. I think1 .
we can do just as much business and have our
regular hours.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why did not the Sen-
ator consider that when he had his own bills
up, instead of insisting on everybody staying,
then ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I did.. We do
not see ourselves as others see us, but I never
meant to be unreasonable when I had charge
of any bill. I certainly think this is a very
bad hour. I give way to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the
amendment proposed by the Senator from New"
Jersey the Senator from Maine asks for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; I will withdraw
the call if Senators want to adjourn. I do not
want to be unreasonable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On the general ques-
tion of staying here without dinner, this side
of the House will stand I have no doubt by the
Senator from Maine; but on to-morrow evening
I must say to him we cannot exactly agree to
stay with him, and hope he will arrange his
programme so as not to require that to-mor-
row evening.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate will decide
all that question. I shall make the motion,
and then if they do not see fit to do it, of course
they will not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am willing to stay
here now and go ahead with the bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY.. It is hopeless for me
in a minority to contend against the passage
of this bill. I see no reason why we should
sit here and oppose the passage of a bill which
I presume by the prevailing sentiment of the
Senate is to pass. I simply wish to say that I
shall vote against this bill upon the principle
that it is founded upon that declaration which
may be found in some poet by gentlemen who
will take the trouble to look into it:
" The good old rule, the simple plan,
That he shall take who has the power,
And he shall keep who can."
I therefore think that this fight is fruitless,
and I see no reason why the business of the
Senate should be interrupted by dilatory mo-
tions. I shall vote for a direct vote on the
question, intending to vote against the bill.
Sir, I think it is a bill designed to promote
the interests of one section to the disadvan-
tage of other sections of the country. But I
will not discuss it. I think the philosophy of
the bill is found in the quotation which I have
made. I hope there will be a vote on the bill
to-night.
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 28, 1867.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of States and Territories for bills and
joint resolutions on leave to be referred to their
appropriate committees, and not to be brought
back by motions to reconsider the references.
LAND WARRANT NO. 46,318.
Mr. BRANDEGEE introduced a bill to au-
thorize the issue of a patent on land warrant
