mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion as if the commerce and navies of the
world uniting in our folly and crime could ac-
complish it. We are still in our sins as to the
gospel of one blood for all humanity and a
common brotherhood, and cherish still the
fatal delusion of antagonism of raees.
A statement of a plain proposition or two
should dissipate our alarm and settle all these
questions. The negro is a man now and here-
after in- American law, politics, society, and
to be treated as such.- He is a citizen, and
entitled to the common rights of citizenship
and to protection. We may as well compre-
hend the question of the negro. Ho will re-
main here an inhabitant of this country, our
country, his country, and that not at our op-
tion, but by force of laws over which we have
no control. Political history discloses no folly
comparable with the attempt to rid a nation
by force and violence of a numerous race of
people indigenous to it, as it Tecords no usur-
pation or royal crime at all equal to it. The
negro cannot depart if he would. He is native
to this country, and may stay here and bid de-
fiance to power to remove him. He is to be
a constant element of American life,, civil,
political, industrial. He constitutes one eighth
of our population now, and in the future his
proportion will not probably be much less.
The race numbers four millions at the present,
and will soon be thirty millions—too many to
be immolated, if it were possible, upon the
altar of our pride and onr prejudice. The
bond of onr national unity is not expressed by
epithets "rights of States," "State sover-
eignty," "community rights;" the fruits of
such are insurrection, rebellion, civil war; but
in unity of faith in human rights, unity of
spirit and purpose for the development and
protection of individual rights. In such unity
there is completeness and power; it links with
the moral and social forces of the universe and
possesses the attributes of a boundless energy.
All attempts in this country to keep alive the
old idea of orders of men, distinctions of class,
noble and ignoble, superior and inferior, an-
tagonism of races, are so many efforts at
insurrection and anarchy.
In a nation of professed freemen whose
political axioms are those of universal liberty
and human rights, no public tranquillity is
possible while these rights are denied to por-
tions of the American people. We have taken
into the bosem of the Republic the diverse
elements of the nationalities of Europe, and
are attempting to mold them into national
harmony and unity, and are still inviting other
millions to come to us. Let us not despair that
the same mighty energies and regenerating
forces will be able to assign a docile and not
untractable race its appropriate place in our
system.
Mr. President, I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from West Virginia 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the opin-
ion of the Chair an amendment is not now in
order. The amendment of the Senator from
West Virginia is an amendment to an amend-
ment. That amendment can only be amended
by the consent of the mover.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, at the last
session of Congress I delivered my sentiments
at length in reference to the question of negro
suffrage. I shall not again enter upon that
question generally; but I desire to make a sug-
gestion or two in regard to the special proposi-
tions of the amendment which I have had the
honor to offer, and which is now the subject
of consideration before the Senate. It is pro-
posed as a substitute for the first section of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Maine.
It will ba recollected that at the last session
the first section of the amendment offered by
the Senator from Maine was amended, not on
my motion, but on the motion, I believe, of
the Senator from Maine himself, so as to in-
corporate in lines four, five, six, and seven
the words: "and excepting persons who may
have voluntarily left the District of Columbia
to give aid and comfort to the rebels in the
late rebellion."
Mr. President, the State which I represent
has adopted a policy in which I concurred most
heartily, providing that for the present those
who have been engaged in rebellion ag-ainst the
Government shall be clothed with' no political
power; but it strikes me that that question pre-
sents itself in a different aspeet when you eome
to apply it to the District of Columbia. The
people of the District of Columbia hav® no
political power, they cannot by their votes
affect die principles or the foundation of our
Government, and therefore there will be no
danger to the policy, principles, or integrity
of our Government by extending to theni the
right of suffrage. But, sir, they are equally
interested with the loyal portion of the people
of this District in all its municipal institutions,
interested in the assessment and payment of
taxes, interested in all those local matters which
affect them personally, and they are as respon-
sible for the discharge of all municipal duties
and local liabilities as the loyal portion of the
people of the District are.
It seems to me, then, that it would be rather
hard to disfranchise even the disloyal portion
of the people of the District of Columbia from
the exercise of the right of selecting their local
officers, who have no political power. They
pay taxes, they are subject to taxation, they
are under all the local liabilities of any citizens
within the District. If we are willing to ex-
tend to them civil rights, if we are willing to
protect them in the enjoyment of all their
municipal rights upon an equality with the
loyal citizens of the District, it seems to me
that they ought also to have extended to them
the right of suffrage so far as the municipal
affairs of the District are concerned, so far as
civil rights and municipal regulations and in-
terests are concerned. I would therefore,
under this view of the subject, be opposed to
depriving citizens of the District of Columbia,
who only have municipal authority and power
and no political power, of the right of suffrage,
and my amendment does not propose to dis-
franchise them in that respect.
Then again, sir, by reference to the amend-
ment which I have had the honor to offer, it
will be seen that the votes of the District are
classified: first, all persons who were actually
residents of the District at the last election in
1865, may be allowed to vote. There is an-
other provision in it which disfranchises all
persons who cannot hereafter read and who
cannot write their names. I am perfectly
aware that it is a very serious question how far
we ought to limit the right of suffrage by a
qualification of this character, and I think it
would be hard to disfranchise any who has
hitherto exercised that right; but then this
amendment does not propose to do that; it
only looks to the future. In many sections of
the country this provision might operate harshly,
where there are no free schools, where there
are no provisions made, aud no facilities
afforded for education ; but looking to the
principles of our Government and the neces-
sity of popular intelligence, it would seem to
me that it would be not a very harsh provision
of law if where free schools do exist, and where
there are easy facilities for acquiring education,
there were a provision of law making it criminal
for any person over the age of twenty-one
years not to be able to read and to write.
It seems to me, sir, that there ought to be
some obligation, either in our fundamental
laws in *he States, or somewhere, by some
means requiring the people to educate them-
selves ; and if this can be accomplished by dis-
qualifying those who are not educated for the
exercise of the right of suffrage, thus stimu-
lating them to acquire a reasonable degree of
education, that of itself, it seems to me, would
be a public blessing.
It will therefore be seen that my amendment
does not propose to disfranchise any who are
not able to read and write who have hitherto
exercised the right of suffrage.
The second class of persons to whom I
would extend the right of suffrage by this
amendment, are all persons, residents of the
District, who have been duly mustered iato th®
service of the United States during tho late
rebellion, who have been or shall hereafter bo
honorably discharged therefrom, no matter
what may be their literary qualifications or
qualifications of intelligence. My amendment
is based on the ground that he who has been
thought worthy of bearing the bayonet and of
periling his Mfe for the institutions of the coun-
try should be entitled to the right of saflrsSgej
no matter whether he can read or whether
he Can write his name or not.
These, I think, are the only distinctions
between the amendment which I have had the
honor to offer and the first section of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Maine; and
for the reaisong I have stated it strikes me ray
amendment is preferable.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask for a division of
the question, if it is susceptible of it, so that
we may take the question in the first place on
the first proposition of the Senator's amend-
ment, which is: "All those persons who are
actual residents of said District," &e.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish the Senator from
Maine would state what amendment he pro-
poses to make in case this should not be adopted
by the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. The proposition Tin tended
to make is contained in the third clause of the
amendment of the Senator from West Vir-
ginia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the motion of the Senator from
West Virginia, being a motion to strike out
and insert, is not a divisible motion. It is in
the power of the Senator from Maine, however,
to move to perfect either the matter which it
is proposed to strike out, or that which it is
proposed to insert. The Senator from Maine
may move to strike out any part of the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from West Virginia,
and that may accomplish the purpose he has in
view.
Mr. MORRILL. With a view of bringing
the attention of the Senate to the-questions
directly before the body presented by tms
measure, I move to strike out the first clause
of the amendment; and I will now state to the
Senate precisely how the bill stands, and what
will be the question on that.
Mr. BROWN. The first clause of the com-
mittee's amendment?
Mr. MORRILL. No, the first clause of the
amendment proposed by thp Senator from West
Virginia. As the bill now stands, it simply
extends the right of suffrage to all the citizens
of this District, excepting persons not of full
age, persons non compos mentis and insane
persons, and persons who were engaged in the
late rebellion. This is the bill as it stands.
The amendment of the Senator from West Vir-
ginia is that all persons who were actual resi-
dents of the District, and qualified to vote
therein in the elections held iu the year 1803,
under the statutes then in force, may vote.
The Senate will see that if they are in favor of
the restriction disqualifying those who went into
the rebellion it will be inconsistent to adopt this
amendment, because this might allow such per-
sons to vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my col-
league that the purpose would be accomplished
more readily if the Senator from West Virginia
would amend his amendment; and, perhaps,
ho will agree to insert in his amendment the
words, "exceptingpersons who have voluntarily
given aid and comfort to the rebels in the late
rebellion.'' You do not want to say anything
! about having left the District; but make a spe-
| cial exception of persons who have voluntarily
; given aid and comfort to the rebels in the late
i rebellion. If the Senator from West Virginia
I would insert that exception in his first, clause,
I it would free it from the difficulty which my
j colleague suggests. I suppose it to be iu his
!. power to do so.
j Mr. WILLEY. If the Senator from Maine
! [Mr. Fessexdex] had heard the remarks which
i 1 made a little while since he would have
I seen that I do not concur in the propriety o-f
