42
warn[-eOMJBESSIONAL- GLOBE.
December 10,
making such, an exception., I stated my. view
of the case to be that a proposition to disfran-
chise those in the District of Columbia who
had been engaged in the rebellion stood upon
very different reasons from those it would
s.tand upon, in any of the States where the voter
bad, the exercise of any political power. ' I"
Stated that in the District ef Columbia the peo-
ple had no political power, and therefore the
exercise of the right of suffrage could in no
wise affect the policy or foundation, the integ-
rity or the principles of the Government; and
that if it was proper to extend to the people
of the District of Columbia the enjoyment of
mere civil rights, to protect them in their per-
sons and in their estates, I thought, and I still
thint, it would be rather harsh to deprive
them of the right of selecting municipal offi-
cers, and of voting upon all subjects which
would be affected by the right of suffrage in the
District affecting their local and municipal
interests. For these reasons I deelinc to ac-
cept the proposition suggested by the Senator
from Maine.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the amendment to the amendment now
pending be amended by striking out the clause
named by the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mob-
kill.] This is in order, as it is to perfect the
words proposed to be inserted before the ques-
tion is rpiit' on;the insertion.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say in a single word
that those who are satisfied with the bill, "pure
and simple," as the phrase is, as it comes from
the committee, and desire to make no further
restriction, ought to vote down these amend-
ments ; while those who are in favor of making
a further restriction, as contained in the last
line of the third clause, which is "who can
read and write their names,'' can vote down
the two first clangs of the amendment and
save that; and that is all there is in the prop-
osition of the Senator from West Virginia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to strike out the clause
alluded to.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move to strike out
the second elause.
Mr. BROWN. Why not strike them all out,
and make that amendment which you propose
a separate one hereafter?
Mr. MORRILL. I shall reach the same
thing by bringing the Senate to a-vote on strik-
ing out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The object can be ac-
complished by simply rejecting the amendment
of the Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
second clause and all of the third clause down
to the word "and," in the eighteenth line.
That leaves the qualificatian "who can read,
and who can write their names."
Mr. BROWN, and others. Vote it all down.
Mr. MORRILL. On the whole, I think I
had better withdraw my motion and then let
the question be on adopting the amendment
proposed by the Senator from West Virginia.
That will test the sense of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I hope, Mr. President, the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
West Virginia will be voted down, and that
we shall take the first section of the bill intro-
duced originally by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wadd.] I prefer that section to the first
section of the amendment reported by the
committee. I do so for the reason that I do
not believe it to be wise in passing this act to
disiranchise the few persons who went from
this Districtinto the rebellion. As a practical
matter, that disfranchisement does not amount
to anything. I am in favor of unrestricted
manhood suffrage, qualified simply as to age
and time of residence. I hope that in the first
section of the bill" six months "will be stricken
out and " one year" inserted; and then I am
for the further restriction of six or three months'
residence in the ward or election district; That
will fix, I think, the proper time,-one year's
residence in the District of Columbia, and six
■ or three months in tho ward or election dis-
trict where the elector offers to vote. I think
those qualifications ought to be required of
every man for the public security, whether he
be black or white.
I am against this qualification of reading and
writing. I never did believe in it. I do not
believe in it now. _ I voted against it in my
own State, and I intend to vote against it
here. There was a time when I would have
taken it because I did not know that we could
get anything more in this contest; but I think
the great victory of manhood suffrage is about
achieved in this country. I think we are in a
position when we can command it, and I am
for commanding it; and I am for beginning
now in this District where we have the abso-
lute control and power. For .that reason I am
opposed to this amendment.
I would at one time have agreed to settle the
question on the basis early promulgated by the
New York Herald, of giving suffrage in the
rebel States to those who served in the Army,
those who held a certain amount of property,
those who could read and write, those who were
members of Christian churches. These quali-
fications suggested early by that journal I as-
sented to then as a beginning; I bolieve we
have gone beyond all beginnings now. During
the last few months the country has gone an
immeasurable distance in the right direction,
and I bolieve to-day that the nation is prepared
to demand manhood suffrage, and I am against
any final adjustment or settlement of this ques-
tion that does not demand it now. I think
there are hundreds of thousands of men in the
land who have been educated up to this great
truth, that the poor men and the ignorant men
of this country need the ballot for their pro-
tection, the protection of their property, their
liberties, and their lives. I believe that there
are .hundreds of thousands of men who hold
that opinion to-day who did not hold it six
months ago. I think we are moving in the
right direction. Time and circumstance are
working in behalf of that great cause.
Now, we have before us a bill to extend the
suffrage in the District of Columbia. There
has been a great deal said about it, but the
fact was, and we cannot deny it, that when
the House bill was passed we had not the power
to pass it and make it a law until the closing
days of the last session. I speak, of course,
on the assumption that its final passage would
have required for it a two-thirds vote in this
body. We have the power now to pass a clean
bill, and the country demands it. At any rate
I know it is right and I shall vote against any
qualifications or restrictions other than those
embraced in the original bill introduced by the
Senator from Ohi®. I think it proper, how-
ever, to amend his bill by requiring one year's
residence in the District of Columbia instead
of six months, and by further requiring a i-esi-
dence of six months in the ward or election
district where the person offers to vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, itisnot
my intention to enter into any discussion of the
merits of this measure, though I may take
occasion to express my "disapprobation of it in
every form in which it has or can be presented
to the Senate before the final vote shall be
taken on its passage.
Sir, during the last political campaign in my
State wo were visited by many speakers from
different States, some professing to come from
Louisiana, some from Mississippi, some from
Tennessee, some from Virginia, an4 among
the rest we were visited by my distinguished
friend, the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Wilson.] Sir, I was apprised of
the fact that he was coming to visit that State
to enlighten us in reference to our duty as
voters, and I notified popular audiences that
I believed ho was a frank and open speaker,
who would state honestly his opinions; but
lest by any lapse of memory he should forget
to express himself within the limits of the
State of Delaware upon the question which we
deemed so vital, I suggested to them the pro-
priety of asking him his own opinion and tho
opinions of his party.- Sir, he visited the cap-
ital of the State; his speech was published in
the public press of that State; but instead of
meeting this question and giving his opinion
or the opinion of his party in reference to
manhood, suffrage, his speech was composed
of laudations of the Republican party, of what
it had done for the country, its great achieve-
ments, how it was composed of brave men
and brave women, but in reference to manhood
suffrage or negro suffrage in any shape or form,
qualified or unqualified, the distinguished Sen-
ator from Massachusetts did not deign to en-
lighten us.
Sir, notwithstanding this omission, this pru-
dential omission of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, the published proceedings
of the Senate and House of Representatives
had indicated to the people of that State what
was the opinion of the dominant party in this
country; dominant, not in numbers, but domi-
nant as far as the present exercise of political
power may be considered ; and the people of
that State made up their minds to what their
intention was, to force negro suffrage. Then,
sir, in that gallant little State, which believes
that this is a white man's Government and was
made by white men for the benefit of white
men, we elected our State ticket by a larger
majority than was ever before given to a State
ticket in that State. I hope that the next
time the distinguished Senator visits our State,
and I assure him that I had no objection what-
ever to his visiting us, he will then express
more clearly and definitely to the people his
own opinions and the opinions of his party
upon this question: but, sir, I will not trespass
upon the attention of the Senate now. Before
die final vote perhaps I may have some occa-
sion to notice the 1 'infidelity'' alleged to exist
on tho part of myself and others by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mob-
bill. ]
Mr. WILSON. It is true, Mr. President,
that I visited the State of Delaware during the
last canvass; and knowing very well that I
was in a State where not much progress had
been made, I acted somewhat on the scriptural
principleofgiving "milkto babes." Iliad, how-
ever, for many a year been in the habit where
ever I had spoken, in the Senate and in the
country, in my own State and other States, in
the East, in the center, and in the West, of
giving the "strong meat" of equal suffrage. If
the Senator has a copy of my speech to which
he refers, which was, I believe, printed in
pamphlet form and distributed over his State,
he will lindthatl laid down the broad principle
that I would give to every man of any race,
color, or condition the same rights and privi-
leges that I possessed myself, or that anybody
in the country possessed. I do not know that
the Senator acted in regard to that statement
of mine as did some of the presses advocating
the cause of his party and some of their
speakers ; but I know that some of them took
occasion to indulge in sneers at the declara-
tion that I regarded eveery man before tho law
of my country my peer and my equal, whether
he was a white man or a black man. I cer-
tainly laid down doctrines plain and clear,
which the Senator had a right to understand
meant giving to eolored men all the rights and
all the privileges of citizens of the United
States.
Mr. SATTLSBURY. Mr. President, I have
accomplished my purpose. If the Senator
considered that he was among babes he ought
to have given them pure milk, and ought not
to have diluted it too much with water. I only
wanted the Senator to acknowledge that he
had not spoken fully out his real opinions on
this subject. He assigns the reason that we
were babes and not prepared for strong meat.
Perhaps we shall get strong enough by another
election, and I hope that the Senator will then
bring not only his milk-can. but his meat-
basket, and that he will extend his visit beyond
the capital of the State and come into the lower
portion of it whore I reside, and I assure him
that, there wo not only drink milk, but we are
in tho habit of eating very strong meat.
