808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
this investigation, the people-will not be satis-
fied with allowing this matter to sleep there
after the charges have been made, and after
this injury has been done to the Executive of
the United States, and after odium has been
cast not only upon him but upon the whole
American people.
Now, I say to gentlemen that the gold spec-
ulators of the country demand the impeach-
ment that they may make money; but the
financial interests of" the country demand this
investigation and a settlement of this question
for a better and higher purpose. I care not
whether it is a partial or an impartial committee
to which it is sent; give us an investigation
that the charges may be made specific and met,
and all will be well. An impartial committee*
composed of men who have not, like the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Loan,] pronounced
a verdict of guilty upon the President will ex-
onerate him from guilt. When a fair hearing
shall be had, I will guaranty that no more can
be said of Mr. Johnson than could have been
said of any other President who has preceded
him. He has removed men who did not agree
with him in politics, and has undertaken to put
in their places others who will assist in carry-
ing out his policy. For this and this alone is
this terrible raid made upon him; that is the
reason why these gentlemen are so bitter in
their denunciations of the Executive of the
United States. For the good of the whole
country I hope that the motion of the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Loan] will prevail. I
shall go for the raising of a select committee,
believing, as I do, that the threats of impeach-
ment are made and the investigation and re-
port delayed that they may intimidate the Ex-
ecutive. It is held as a threat over his head
to retain office and to drive him to the ap-
proval of their revolutionary measures. The
sconer the issue is made the better, so cease
your threatening and bravado, but pn to the
work.
Mr. LOAN. I now yield to the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not know
that any member of the Committee on the
Judiciary has made any statementin the House
or out of the House which justifies the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Loan] or the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Lu Blond] in saying that
the committee are so pressed with business
that they cannot give their attention to this
subject. I beg leave to say to the gentlemen
who have made this statement that the only
remark made in the House upon the subject
of the business of that committee was made
by myself upon a motion made by the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Blake] some time ago
to refer some matter to the committee. I then
stated that the committee was pressed with
business, and did not desire a reference of the
subject then before the House to it. Now, a
part of the business in the hands of the com-
mittee at that time was the identical subject
which thcgentleman from Missouri [Mr. Loan]
now proposes to send to a select committee.
Since that time the committee have been called
probably for the last time during the session
for general reports. That of itself has re-
lieved the committee to a very considerable
extent in connection with much of the busi-
ness which has been sent to it.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a single question ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the getleman have
the kindness to state what progress the com-
mittee is making in this investigation ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] that
no persons except the members of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary know anything about
the matter; nor do we intend to give any inform-
ation until the committee shall be prepared
to report upon that subject.
Mr. LE BLOND. One other question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Very well.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would ask the gentle-
man if he expects or believes the committee
will be able to report upon the subject during
this session of Congress?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will at the proper
time answer for the committee in relation to
the subject, but not now.
Mr. LE BLOND. The country wants the
information now.
Mr? WILSON, of Iowa. I decline to be cat-
echized upon this subject. I only wish to state
that all of the statements which have been made
in relation to the conduct of the Committee on
the Judiciary, what it has done or what it has
not done in connection with the subject of
impeachment, are wholly without authority ;
and so far as they have been brought to my
attention they are without any foundation
whatever.
Sir, the Committee on the Judiciary does^
not intend that this subject while in its hands
shall be made use of by gold gamblers, as
the gentleman from Ohio says, or anybody else
for the purpose of speculation; and all the
information that is sent over the telegraphic
wires and to the newspapers of the country are
but the creations of those who s®nd and pub-
lish them.
Now, sir, the Committee on the Judiciary
have not been disposed to shrink from the per-
formance of any duty imposed upon them by
this House, nor will they shrink from the per-
formance of any duty so imposed. They will
do their duty, and at the proper time will make
their report; and until that time we have noth-
ing upon this subject to submit to this House
or to the public.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. I desire to call the attention of the
Chair to the fact that the House is full of lobby-
men—individuals who have obtained admission
to the floor I do not know how. I desire to
have the rule enforced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
the reason of their admission. Gentlemen not
entitled to remain on the floor of the House by
the rules of the House will retire. The Door-
keeper must clear the lobby when the point is
made that persons not entitled to admission
are present upon the floor.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylqania. I ask the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Loan] to yield
to me for a few minutes.
Mr. LOAN. I will do so.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. As I do
not intend to vote in favor of the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri to refer this proposi-
tion to a select committee, I deem it proper
that, as one member, I should give my reason
for my vote ; that reason is a very simple one.
I think that what the country most needs is
order and tranquillity; and this Congress by its
action can materially assist in causing calmness
to pervade the public mind. It seems to me
that the proposition of the gentleman from Mis-
souri is calculated to produce undue excite-
ment. This consideration alone would be suf-
ficient to induce me to vote against it.
But, sir, I conceive the making of that propo-
sition to be a happy sign for the country. It
indicates to my mind, as it probably will to
others, that the time is near at hand when the
present crusade against the President must
cease. We cannot but be manifest that when so
radical a member as the gentleman who makes
this proposition rises in liis place and confess-
edly states to the House that he is dissatisfied
with the progress which a regular standing com-
mittee is making in reference to this particular
question of impeachment it is a good sign for
the country. It tells us that the gentleman and
those who advocate his proposition feel that
they have not any ground to stand upon in con-
nection with the allegations which have been
made looking toward the impeachment of the
President. For myself I do not wish to drive
the majority here into the adoption of any such
proposition. I would prefer to deal with them
honestly and fairly, and allow them to withdraw
from the position which some ardent members,
with less discretion than judgment, have forced
them to occupy before the country.
It is manifest that the people of this country
do not sustain the members of the majority
here in this war against the President. They
do not consider that Andrew Johnson has
been guilty of any act which warrants such a
violent procedure as that which some mem-
bers urge. And I am glad to see the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Conkltsg,] whose
intellectual power has recently won for him an
election to a higher position, standing here
and endeavoring to resist this undue and as I
think improper legislation.
Let us leave this question of impeachment
at least where the majority of this House has
already placed it. When the committee are
ready to report, let us receive the report; and
in the mean time let gentlemen cease to excite
the public mind by harangues in this House;
for all proceedings of this sort result in either
benefit or injury to some particular speculator; <
and I am sorry that this class receive so much
consideration from this House or some of its
individual members. I hope, therefore, that
the proposition of the gentleman from Mis-
souri will be voted down.
Mr. WENTWORTH. With the permission
of the gentleman from Missouri I desire to say
a word on this subject. I certainly have been
under the impression that the Committee on
the Judiciary is so overburdened with business
that it cannot give proper attention to this
important subject.
1 for one propose to persevere. I am op-
posed to taking up any subject that we do not
go through with. Having commenced it we
must either go on with it or back right straight
out of it in the most ample manner. When I
gave my vote the other day I gave it in earnest.
I meant the people of this country to under-
stand there was one man at least who was not
afraid to try Andrew Johnson, and who has the
magnanimity to acknowledge him to be inno-
cent if he proves to be so.
Mr. Speaker, if the Judiciary Committee is
not able to go on with this subject, I for one
am in favor of a select committee. This eter-
nal noise we hear about ruining the country,
affecting the price of stocks, &c., is familiar to
the people of the country. We heard it every
day during the administration of General
Jackson, and we shall hear it just so long as
we arfe influenced by it, whether Andrew John-
son lives or dies, whether he is impeached or is
not impeached 
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the resolutions go over till next
Monday.
enrolled joist resolution'.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled House joint
resolution No. 244, to amend existing laws
relating to internal revenue, when the Speaker
signed the same.
treasury department investigation.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Menus
be and are hereby authorized and instructed to ex-
amine into the condition of the Treasury of the
United States, and particularly to inquire whether
any obligations of tho United States have been ille-
gally or fraudulently made or issued, and whether
the public interests have been and are sufficiently
protected in said Department; with power to send
for persons and papers, summon and examine wit-
nesses, and administer oaths; and with authority to
report thereon at any time.
There was uo objection.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I want to
make the inquiry whether this resolution rests
upon the report made of some errors in the
issuance of bonds of the United States ?
Mr. MORRILL. It does.
Mr. KASSON. Then I wish in two or three
minutes to make a brief statement. After hav-
ing heard of this report, I desired for the sat-
isfaction of myself and with reference to some
action in this House to obtain some authentic
information relating to the unauthoritative and
very wild reports which had been abroad ; and
I deem it to be my duty to state to the House
