mm.
fHE ' DON(xEESSIOKAL GLOBS.
tions or sweep them away more .readily than
the.Senator from Pennsylvania: but certainly
I did not expect to have the amendment ob-
jected to upon such grounds. The first is
that there is 110 mode of ascertaining this dis-
qualification provided in the amendment.
There is a mode in the sixth section of the
bill which provides for ascertaining all the
qualifications, and I apprehend it is no more
difficult to ascertain whether a man has violated
this condition than it is to ascertain whether
ho is of the lawful age, whether he has been
the proper time resident in the District and in
,the ward where he offers to vote. I suppose
that will be ascertained, first, by the -evidence
of the person offering himself as an elector,
and then by the evidence of other persons
that may be adduced, all given under the pains
and penalties of perjury ; and if a man who
has given aid ana comfort to the enemy should
come forward and offer to vote and should
make oath that he had not given aid and com-
fort to the enemy, he could then be tried for
perjury 
Mr. COWAN. You admit he would vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly; and if a per-
son who was twenty years of age should come
forward and swear that he was twenty-one he
could vote; if a man should come in and swear
that he had been here a year, when he had been
here only six days, he would vote, but he would
vote under the penalty of the law. The law
provides the same penally for illegal voting in
that respect as in others.
I am sure the Senator from Penns}-lvania
does not differ from me in holding that suf-
frage is not a natural right, but 9, right derived
from society, and society has perfect power to
impose any conditions.that it sees fit upon the
exercise of that right. Here is a bill to extend
that right to certain other persons, and because
a class of persons are excluded from that priv-
ilege he says it is an cx post facto law, and a
man is punished by it! This is not a bill to
punish people; it is a bill to enfranchise peo-
ple ; but it excepts from the enfranchisement
certain persons; and the Senator from Penn-
sylvania says that is imposing a penalty on
them for a crime committed before the law was
passed!
Mr. COWAN. Tf thehonorablc Senatorfrom
Rhode Island will allow me, I am perfectly
free to say that if these people never had a
right to vote before then he could except any
of them he chooses. For instance, this is a
bill to enfranchise the people of color of this
city. Tt is not necessary that it should enfran-
chise all of them. It may exclude as many of
them as it chooses. But the point I make is,
that here is a man who has by law this right,
and you propose to take it away from him by
way of penalty.
Mr. ANTHONY. He has no right to vote
now, because he is guilty of an infamous
offense, and is not allowed to vote under any
law. It works no injury upon such persons.
Mr.. FES3ENDEN. We have a right to
jhange our laws in regard to suffrage.
Mr. COWAN. You cannot exclude him
for an infamous offense until convicted.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the Senator hold
that we cannot change the law of suffrage by
restricting it without imposing a penalty on all
those who have ever exercised it? I think
that is only more trifling—he will allow me to
use his own word—than the allegation that
because we refuse to allow a man to vote on
the ground that he has committed treason,
therefore we condon the offense ! I do not
see how the refusal to permit a man to vote on
account of having committed an offense con-
dones that offense, or how he is thereby re-
lieved from the penalty of the law. I think
that if we can have no stronger objections
than those which my friend from Pennsylvania
has urged, I shall have the unanimous vote of
the Senate for the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I do no't in-
tend to argue just at this moment the question
of disfranchising all who have participated
in the rebellion; I may have occasion to say
something about that when the question comes
up in another shape; but as I understand it,
the motion of the Senator from Rhode Island
is intended to perfect the amendment offered
by the Senator from West Virginia, which
amendment contemplates requiring a test of
reading andwriting as a qualification for voting.
I am opposed to that requirement. I do. not
think it is wise; I do not think it is right ; and
I therefore shall not vote in any way to perfect
an amendment which has that in it. For that
reason I shall east my vote against the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Rhode Island.
I do not wish to see that clause ingrafted on
the bill, and I do not want to see it putin such
a shape as will render it stronger before the
Senate.
The PRES IDENT pro tempore. The motion
is on the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island to amend the amendment offered by the
Senator from West Virginia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I voted for the propo-
sition of the Senatorfrom Maine to strike out
the first clause of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from West Virginia under a misunder-
standing. I thought the proposition was to
strike out the last line of the amendment, which
excludes from the right of voting those who
cannot read and write. As I voted under a
misunderstanding of the question, and as I
think the striking out of this first clause mars
the entire proposition to such an extent that
the Senator cannot have the benefit of his entire
proposition, I move to reconsider that vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to reconsider the vote on the motion of the
Senator from Maine, striking out a portion of
the amendment of the Senator from West Vir-
ginia.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from West Virginia, which is to strike out the
first section of the amendment reported by the
committee, and insert his amendment as it has
been amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe it is first in order
to further perfect the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to strike out from
the eighteenth line of the amendment of the
Senator from West Virginia the words, "and
who shall have paid the taxes assessed against
them," so as to leave that out as a condition
of suffrage. The language is, I think, a little
ambiguous. The implication is left to some
extent, as it appears to me, that unless taxes
are assessed the suffrage is not to be conferred
or extended. At least there is a little doubt
there. Even if that were not the case, I do
not know any reason why a debt to the State
should be regarded and treated as more sacred
thjin a debt to a citizen or a private party; and
I for one do not believe in making the pay-
ment of debts a condition of suffrage. I wish
to call the attention of the Senate to that con-
dition, saying nothing as to how I shall vote
eventually. I move to strike out the words I
have indicated.  
Mr. WILbEY. I have no very decided ob-
jection to that amendment, but I will suggest
to the honorable Senator from California a
reason why 1 think a provision of that kind
ought to be incorporated irfto the bill prescrib-
ing the qualifications of voters. It must have
been observed by him, it must be patent to his
observation, that the population of this District
is very fluctuating; there is nothing very sta-
tionary about a great proportion of it. They
are here to-day and gone to-morrow. The idea
had in view when I incorporated that provision
in this clause of my amendment was that it
would be some kind of evidence that they had
a permanent residence here or some interest in
the District that might entitle them to ftfe rigM
of suffrage. I am, however, very indifferent
about it, as, indeed, I am about the Whole
amendment as it is now amended.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire while the Senator
is up to suggest to him that it also involves the
difficulty of cases where an assessment against
a citizen is pending -which he coiiiplairis' of as
being an unjust assessment and the ^jlveStioii
is unadjusted and undecided. ' Unless tfee-Sax
is paid by election day tlie citizen teift be de-
prived of the fight to  ote.
Mr. WILLEY. I simply desire to say whife
I am up, that since the first clause of this
-amendment has been stricken out, and since
it has been amended further by the proposition
submitted by the Senator from Rhode Island,
I cannot vote for the amendment in the posi-
tion it now stands, and therefore I am perfectly
indifferent in what form it is put.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the reading of
the amendment of the hotiorable Senator from
West Virginia as amended. ' 1
The Secretary. It is moved to strike Oat
the first section of the amendment reported % -
the committee, and in lieu of it to insert:
That in all elections to be held hereafter in tllf
District of Columbia the following described persons,
and tliose only, shall have the right to vote, to wit:
All persons, residents of said District,'who have
been duly mustered into the military or navalservice
of the United States during the lato rebellion, and
have been, or shall hereafter honorably dis-
charged therefrom.
Male citizens of the United States who shall hate
attained the age of twenty-one years (excepting pau-
pers, persons non campoa mentis, or convicted of an
infamous offense) and who, being residents of the
ward or district in which they shall offer to vote, shall
have resided in said district for the period of one
year next preceding any election, and who shall have
paid the taxes assessed against them, and who can
read and wno can writo their names. But no per-
son shall have the right to vote who in any way vol-
untarily gave aid and comfort to the rebels during
the late rebellion,
Mr. SHERMAN. If I understand the amend-
ment as it has now been amended, any person
in the District of Columbia who cannot read
or write, whether white or black, will be dis-
franchised.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. CRESWELL. Certainly; it is retro-
spective as well as prospective.
Mr. SHERMAN. The first clause, which al-
lowed all who previously voted to vote is stricken
out, and now the proposition is simply that per-
sons who can read ana write and have paid taxes,
who have not taken part in the rebellion, shall
vote. I am not prepared to apply a test of
that kind to the people of this District, which
has been applied in no State of the Union but
one, I believe, and that the State of Massachu-
setts. Great dissatisfaction exists in that State
as to the application of the principle. To say
that a man who has not had the advantage of
an early education, who probably had not the
means and opportunity to acquire reading and
writing, shall not be allowed to vote, and to
apply that to the District of Columbia, it-seems
to me would be traveling backward in. the race
of progress instead of forward. The amend-
ment is left so imperfect that it is scarcely
worth while to debate it, for it cannot bo
adopted as it is.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, if it
was possible to make a thing wholly bad any
better by amendments recognizing its bad prin-
ciple, perhaps this amendment might be bet-
ter than the section which is proposed to bn
stricken out; but while I would exclude no
white man in the District of Columbia or else-
where from exercising the right of suffrage be-
cause he could not read or writo, I would not
in the District of Columbia or elsewhere vote
for negro suffrage under any circumstances or
with the requirement of any amount of educa-
tion. Sir, there are about thirty-five thousand
of this class of people now in this District I
am told. There are about one hundred thou-
sand inhabitants 1 am informed in the District.
Pass this bill, and this " paradise," as^ the Dis-
trict was said to be when the bill giving free-
dom to the slaves of this District was passed.
