1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJE.
809
such authentic information as I have obtained
this morning.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I learn that a
< jmmittee designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury is now engaged in the examination
of a certain Department connected with the
printing and issuing of bonds of the United
States; that they have been diligently at work
for some time with a view to discover supposed
or alleged errors, as the case may be ; that
they are still in that investigation and nearly
through; that as far as they have gone they
have discovered but two sheets, what are called
" wetted down," in excess of the proper num-
ber, and so far as that branch of the business
is concerned that may be corrected by a defi-
ciency in another Department, the count not
yet being completed. They arc not printed,
and therefore have no value as yet. It is only
a question of error in counting the sheets.
Further than that, I learn they have not
ascertained in a single case a bond with a
duplicate number has gone out of the Depart-
ment in any mode. They have ascertained in
a very limited number of cases an erroneous
number has fallen upon a good bond. The
machine that impresses the numbers upon the
coupons is worked by a man who manages it,
the number on the coupon being the same as
that upon the bond; and a little disarrange-
ment of the spring has in a feiv cases caused
the printing of the succeeding number on some
one of the coupons. This, however, does not
inure to the injury of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, but only presents duplicate cou-
pons of the same number.
So far as the investigation has gone these
are the only errors, and I deem it my duty to
make this statement, although the investiga-
tion is not yet completed. I have this from
an authentic source, and make the statement
because the reports which have been made
were calculated to alarm the country and de-
preciate the value of our bonds.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, the action
asked for this morning was not intended as
the expression of any opinion as to the truth
or falsity of the rumors now in circulation as
to the printing bureau of the Treasury Depart-
ment. I ain very glad to be informed by the
gentleman from Iowa that it is probable the
rumors are greatly exaggerated or perhaps
wholly unfounded. But it is thought that it
would be more satisfactory to the House and to
the country to have an examination made by a
committee of the House, and that that com-
mittee should report whether there is any need
of further legislation on the subject, and if so
what.
Mr. KASSON. I have no objection to the
adoption of the motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the motion as agreed to, as this debate has
been entertained by unanimous consent.
njjw orleans riot..
Mr. ELIOT offered the following preamble
and resolutions; which being a call for exec-
utive information were considered, by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to :
Whereas on the 12t'n day of December last the
House of Representatives passed the following res-
olution, to wit:
"Resolved, That the President be reqn pitnd to com-
municate to the House, if not incompatible with the
public interest, all correspondence, reports, and in-
formation in his possession in relation to the riot
which is alleged to have occurred in the city of New
Orleans on the SOth day of July last; and whereas on
the 13th of December last the House of Represent-
atives pas3C(l the following resolution :
"'Resolved, That the Secretary of \Var be directed
to transmit to this House any information in the War
Department in reference to the riot at Sew Oilcans
on the 30th ot July last, including any telegraphic
dispatches sent or received, and ail the reports and
testimony of military commissions in the possession
of the Department,'"
And whereas on the 21st instant a communication
was received by this House from the Secretary of Wa r
as follows:
"War Department, washington City,
January 19. 1867.
Sir: In compliance with a resolution qf the IIouso
of Representatives of Dccembei 13, 1860, 1 have the
honor to mform you that the information, including
telegraphic dispatches sent or received, and all re-
ports and testimony in reference to the riots at New
Orleans, on the 30th July last, called for by said resolu-
tion, have been sent to the President for transmission
to Congress, in compliance with his directions, ac-
companying a resolution of the House of Represent-
atives of December 12,1866, referred by him to this
Department.
Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the If on se of Representatives,
Therefore resolved, That the President be requested
to communicate to this House, at as early a day as
may be consistent with public interests, the informa-
tion above referred to by the Secretary of "War, and
all other information in his possession asked for by
the resolution of the House, dated December 12,1866.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider, the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its Clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the amendments of the
House to bills of the Senate of the following
titles:
An act (S. No. 454) for the relief of the
widow of Jacob Harmon;
An act (S. No. 455) for the relief of the
widow of Henry Try; and
An act (S. No. 47G) for the relief of William
A. Hinshaw and Jacob M. Hinshaw, minor
children of Jacob M. Hinshaw deceased.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill entitled an act (S.
No. 491) amendatory of the several acts re-
specting copyrights, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill and a joint resolution of
the House of the following titles, without
amendment:
An act (H. R. No. 486) for the relief of
Catharine Welsh; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 160) for the
relief of William D. Nelson.
The, message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill entitled an act (H. R.
No. 605) to amend an act to establish the
judicial courts of the United States, approved
September 29, 1789, with an amendment, in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
examinations of treasury department.
Mr. MORRILL. I have some additional
business from the Committee of Ways and
Means. I send to the Chair a bill for present
action. I think there will be no objection to
considering it now. It is House bill No. 1029,
to provide for examinations^ of the Treasury
Department and other Executive Departments.
The bill, which was read, provides that
immediately after the passage of this act, and
in the month of December of each year here-
after, the President shall, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, appoint
three citizens not holding any office under the
Government of the United States, who are
eminent for integrity and ability, and who are
hereby authorized and directed to make full
and thorough examinations of the Treasury
Department, and such other Departments as
the provisions of this act may require, and
present duplicate reports to the President and
to Congress in reference to—■
First. The receipt and disbursement of pub-
lic money, including expenditures in the sev-
eral Executive Departments.
Second. The actual amount of money in the
vaults of the Treasury of the United States,
specifying whether in coin. United States notes,
or national bank notes, and the amount of
each, and the several funds to which it belongs,
and the amounts in each place where public
money is deposited or held. .
Third. The amount of money deposited with
designated depositaries to the credit of the
Treasurer, and the mode of managing and
securing the same.
Fourth. The amount and description of bonds
deposited in the Treasury by national banking
associations to- secure the redemption of their
currency.
Fifth. The manner of paying interest on the
bonds of the United States, and the safeguards
against the duplication or counterfeiting of
coupons.
Sixth. The sale of gold and the purchase
and sale of bonds and other securities'of the
United States, rates of purchase or sale, and
the amount of commissions paid, and to whom
paid.
Seventh. The engraving, printing, and issu?
ing of national bank notes, UnitedStates notes,
fractional currency, bonds, and other securi-
ties of the United States.
Eighth. The redemption, cancellation, and
destruction of national bank notes, United
States currency, bonds, and 'other securities,
and the mode of disposing of imperfect sheets
of paper intended, but not used, to represent
value.
Ninth. The manner of keeping accounts,
auditing claims, and issuing warrants for the
payment of money from the Treasury.
Tenth. Any suggestions or recommendations
affecting the efficiency and security of trans-
actions in the Treasury Department, or econ-
omy in the public expenditures.
Section two provides that, for the purpose
of the examination authorized and directed in
the preceding section, said examiners shall
have access to all the vaults, safes, deposits,
books, records, letters, and other documents
in the Treasury Department, sub-Treasury, or
any bureau thereof, and shall have power to
summon witnesses, administer oaths, and em-
ploy a clerk and stenographer.
Section three provides tlj,at said examiners
shall each receive ten dollars per day and actual
expenses during the time actually employed in
making such examination and report; and for
tho pay of said examinei'S, their clerk, and
stenographer, and for the actual expenses,
there is hereby appropriated $10,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, out of any
money in the Treasury no't otherwise appro-
priated.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to al-
lowing the gentleman to report the bill at the
present time?
Mr. ROSS. I will not object if I can ask
the gentleman a question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks if there
is objection.
Mr. ROSS. I do not object.
The SPEAKER. Then the hill is before
the House.
Mr. ROSS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] if he is willing
to incorporate in the bill a provision to remove
Mr. Clarke from the Bureau of Printing for the
Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL. This is the same bill which
was introduced by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] and I believe it is universally
admitted that it is an extremely proper meas-
ure ; I therefore demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third lime, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
return" op fugitives from justic13.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary bo
directed to mquiro whether the act of February
1793, regulating the arrest, and return ot togimes
from justice, requires any amendment so as to pre-
vent oppressive use of such act. against persons
wrongfully accused of crime, and to report by bill or
otherwise.
