810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
CRUEL AND UNUSUAL PUNISHMENTS.
Mr. KASSON. I move to suspend the rules,
so as to enable me to introduce a bill to enforce
a provision of the eighth amendment of the
Constitution, and I ask that the bill be read.
The bill was read, and is as follows:
Whereas it is declared by the eighth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States that no cruel
and unusual punishments shall beinflicted within its
jurisdiction; and whereas it appears that in certain
parts of the United States inferior tribunals are
attempting to establish the barbarous practice of
punishing offenses against the law with the whip and
scourge, applied to the bodies of free citizens of the
United States contrary to said provision of the Con-
stitution and against the principles of civilization
and the practice of all free Governments, and tending
to degrade the privileges and personal liberty and
republican citizenship: Therefore,
Be it enacted, &c.. That any judge, justice, or other
civil officer who shall hereafter adjudge, order, or
direct that any person, being a citizen of the United
States and brought before him for trial or judgment,
or in any way subject to his jurisdiction touching any
offense alleged to have been committed by him, shall
be punished by lashes or blows, or by any othermode
of physical torture; and any executive officer, or other
person, who shall execute or attempt to execute any
sueh judgment, order, or direction, shall bo held to
be guilty of a high misdemeanor, and on conviction
thereof before any court of competent jurisdiction,
shall be punished by a fine of not less than $500 nor
more than $5,000, or by imprisonment for a term of
not less than six months nor more than six years,
or by both such fine and imprisonment, in the discre-
tion of the court.
Mr. BING HAM. I hope the gentleman will
allow this bill to be printed, and made the
special order for some early day.
Mr. KASSON. I will leave it open for the
consideration of gentlemen who desire to dis-
cuss it as soon as it is introduced.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope it will not be allowed
to interfere with the regular order of business.
The motion was agreed to.
a recusant witness.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I am instructed by the joint Committee
on Retrenchment, in whose behalf I moved for
process of contempt against J. F. Tracy, to
state that Mr. Tracy has appeared before the
committee and has been examined, and has
satisfied them that he intended no contempt of
the House. I therefore move that further pro-
cess against Mr. Tracy be dispensed with on
his paying the usual fees to the Sergeant-at-
Arms.
The motion was agreed to.
cbukl and unusual punishments again.
The question recurred on Mr. Kassox's mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Iowa a question.
Mr. KASSON. I have given notice that if
the bill is allowed to be introduced I sjhall then
make a subsequent -motion that it be made the
special order for some future day.
Mr. BALDWIN. Is the motion to suspend
the rules in order, that the bill may be put
upon its passage ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
has intimated that if the bill be introduced he
will ask that it be made the special order for
some day in the future.
Mr. BALDWIN. I will vote to suspend the
rules for the introduction of the bill, but I
cannot vote for its introduction if it is to be
put upon its passage to-day.
The SPEAKER. It is not proposed to put
the bill upon its passage to-day.
Mr. KASSON. ■ I shall not ask th at, as some
gentlemen here desire that we shall go on with
another bill to-day; but I shall ask that it be
made the special order for some future day.
- Mr. MORRILL. I give notice that I shall
object, from this time forward, to any more
special orders being made.
The question being upon Mr. Kassox's mo-
tion to suspend the rules, it was put; and there
were—ayes 46, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. KASSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 104, nays 38, not voting 49; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, DelosR. Ashley,
Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter. Benjamin, Bidwell,
Blaine, Boutwcll. Brandegee, Broomall, Buckland,
Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook,
Cullom, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Donnelly,
Drigg3, Dumont, Eekley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold,
Hale, Hayes, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard, Jobn H. Hubbard, Ingersoll,
Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Keteham, Koontz,
Kuykendall, Latin, George V. Lawrence, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, Marston,McClurg, Melndoe, Mc-
Ruer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Moulton,
Myers. Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, PattersonJPer-
ham, Pomeroy, Priee, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice,
John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,
Shellabarger, Sloan, Starr, Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
RobertT. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Went-
worth, Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, James M. Ashley, Bald-
win, Bingham, Boyer, Campbell, Cooper, Dawson,
Denison, Eldridge, Finek, Goodyear, Aaron Hard-
ing, Hise, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jenckes, Le
Blond, Leftwich,Marshall, Niblack,Nicholson, Noell,
Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin,
Sitgreaves, Spalding, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew
H. Ward, and Winfield-38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnoll,
Beaman, Bergen, Blow, Bromwell, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dixon, Dodge, Gloss-
brenner, Abner C. Harding. Harris, H.art, Hawkins,
Henderson, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W.Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter,
Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Latham, William Lawrence,
Marvin, Maynard, McCuIlough, McKee, Morris,
Phelps, Pike, Plants, Radford, William H. Randall,
Rousseau, Thayer,Francis Thomas, John L.Thomas,
Eliku B. Washburne, Whaley, and Wright—49.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules w^fe suspended, and the bill was intro-
duced and read the first and second time.
change of reference.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Kasson] to yield me the floor for
a moment.
Mr. KA.SSON. 1 will do so, sir.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee of Ways and
Means was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Alfred B. Wins-
low and Ebon M. Tibbatts, and the same was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
publication of laws.
Mr. WILSON of Iowa. I ask my colleague
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. KASSON. I will do so.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by
unanimous consent, the Committee on the
Judiciary was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill of the House No.
1911, providing for the publication of the
laws and other judicial notices in the States
recently in rebellion; and the same was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
department of agriculture.
Mr. KASSON. I will now yield for a mo-
ment to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Bidwell.]
Mr. BIDWELL. I desire merely to enter
a motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill of the House No. 1057, to establish a
Department of Agriculture, was recommitted
to the Committee on Agriculture.
The motion was entered.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to this way of
doing business; and insist upon the regular
order of business.
cruel and unusual punishments again.
The SPEAKER. The regular - order of
business is the consideration of the bill intro-
duced, under a suspension of the rules, by the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson.] The
question is upon ordering the bill to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. KASSON. I have expressed my will-
ingness to fix a day when this could be con-
sidered as a special order. I ask if there be
any objection to that course.
Mr. MORRILL. I feel compelled from a
sense of duty to say that I shall from this time
forth object to any special orders.
Mr. KASSON. In that case I know of noth-
ing to be done except to leave the matter to
the determination of the House.
Idesire to say that the Constitution of the
United States expressly prohibits the infliction
of cruel and unusual punishments. We have
the right to enforce all provisions of the Con-
stitution of the United States. The infliction
of physical torture in any form upon a citizen
of the United States has been for very many
years, if not always, without example in the
judicial history of this country. I admit that
the system of torture as applied to slaves did
exist in certain parts of the United States, but
I deny that the infliction of physical torture
upon those who are endowed with the_ rights
of citizenship is usual. The attempt is now
being made to carry over this incident of the
condition of slavery and apply it to those who
are now in freedom, full citizens of the United
States of America, and endowed with the per-
sonal rights that belong to any other class of
its citizens. I believe it, therefore, to be the
duty of the Congress of the United States to
take early action to prevent what is now both
cruel and unusual from becoming simply cruel
and usual. And the sole object of this bill is
to assert the national authority, the right to
administer the-provisions of the Constitution
by the enactment of laws like this.
This House has already passed a bill to pre-
vent in certain States one of the practices that
existed during the condition of slavery, the
selling of free men into a condition of chattel
slavery. This is simply a supplemental bill
to abolish what is, so far as I know, the only
remaining personal incident that belonged to
the condition of slavery in several of the States
of this Union. It also applies to all the States
of the Union. It protects both whites and
blacks against that degradation of personal
independence, that sentiment which is the very
foundation of the ennobling character and dig-
nity of citizenship in the United States. This
is all I have to say of the bill and of the
necessity of its prompt enactment.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask my friend
from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] one question, the
answer to which may influence my vote upon
this occasion. I desire to know whether the
gentleman thinks Congress has the right to
prevent the State of Iowa or any other State
from so legislating as to inflict corporal pun-
ishment for crime^ for petty larceny, or any-
thing of that sort. And I ask him also if
when the Constitution was framed three fourths
of the States did not authorize the infliction of
corporal punishment?
Mr. KASSON. If the gentleman will recol-
lect, I took the ground in the debate the other
day, in which ground I was supported, I be-
lieve, by the House, that the Constitution of
the United States in all its clauses was to be
interpreted by the condition of the country and
of the citizens to whom those clauses applied.
I hold that whenever the infliction of corporal
punishment has become unusual and is ad-
mitted to be cruel then this clause of the Con-
stitution applied irrespective of the practice of
a former century. Otherwise there could be
no progress in civilization or any protection
of the rights that result from progressive civil-
ization.
Mr. SPALDING. I think in my own State
at this time we send men to the chain-gang. I
ask the gentleman if that punishment is cruel?
Mr. KASSON. Of course criminals are
confined; of course they are sometimes put in
chains for their complete restraint. This bill
does not touch the usual modes of jjunishment;
it touches onlj; those modes of punishment that
consist in the infliction of personal torture, by
judgment of the court, directly upon the body
of the individual. This is the intent of the con-
stitutional amendment; otherwise any State
in this Union might introduce the practices of
the Spanish Inquisition; and any man who acted
under that introduction by the law of the State
would be protected by the State.
Now, I hold that this Congress, applying the
Constitution, has the right to declare what is
cruel and unusual punishment; and if the
declaration is true the courts must administer
the law we pass and prohibit the infliction of
such punishments.
Mr.^ SPALDING. Then, if I understand
my friend from Iowa, the Constitution would
