1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
mean one thing this year, did mean another
thing five years ago, and might mean another
thing five years from now.
Mr. KASSON. In its application it might
have meant one thing in the fourteenth cen-
tury, if it had existed then, and it may mean
another thing in the twentieth century, if it
shall then be in existence.
Mr. SPALDING. Yes; that may be.
Mr. KASSON. In other words, if slavery
exists in this nation to-day a certain clause
applies to it; if slavery ceases to exist to-
day that clause will not apply to it.
Mr. SPALDING. That is very true so far
as it regulates slavery. He is right there, but
this is a different subject. It is the assump-
tion of power on the part of Congress over
State Governments without reference to the
disloyal States at all.
Mr. KASSON. On the contrary, it is using
the power conferred by the Constitution to pro-
tect personal rights in this country. I do not
think there can be any reasonable doubt of
the power of Congress to protect personal
rights guarantied by the Constitution. The
Constitution says that the citizens of one
State shall have all the privileges and im-
munities of citizens in any other State, and
1 think Congress has the right to protect our
citizens in the enjoyment of these rights. If
there be doubt about that construction I
hope it will not come from that portion of
this House who believe in the dignity of man-
hood and the protection of the rights of all
our citizens in times like these.
Mr. 1NGERS0LL. As this bill has not
been printed, I desire to know whether it in-
cludes the person who inflicts punishment as
well as the person who pronounces the sen-
Mr. KASSON. It does. I follow the pre-
cedent of the bill which passed this House
two weeks ago.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would like to suggest
to the gentleman from Iowa before the ques-
' tion comes up again the propriety of an inquiry
in the meanwhile, whether the amendment
which his bill recites does not refer entirely to
the administration of justice in the Federal
courts and under Federal law. I tliink it has
been generally understood by the profession
and the courts, if it has not been so formally
adjudicated, that these amendments were in-
tended only as a limitation of the powers of
Congress.
Mr. KASSON. Not in relation to the per-
sonal rights guarantied by the Constitution.
The Constitution guaranties the right of trial
by jury in civil cases described, and that has
been held to apply to the practice in the jFed-
eral courts only. That relates to the form
and administration of justice. The clause to
which I have referred relates to the rights of
persons.
Mr. BINGHAM. In respect to the clause of
the Constitution to which the gentleman refers,
being the eighth of the amendments of the
Constitution of the United States proposed by
the First Congress, I beg leave to say he will
look in vain for any legislation like this now
proposed, either passed or attempted hitherto
to be passed, by virtue of that article. The bill
to which the gentleman refers, to prohibit the
sale of men into slavery, does not rest upon
the eighth article of amendment, but on the
thirteenth article of amendment; neither does
that bill, like this, provide for sentencing
State judges to imprisonment for six years in
the penitentiary for rendering any judgment in
the premises.
One word further as to the gentleman's
statement that the provision of the eighth
amendment has relation to personal rights.
Admit it, sir; but the same is true of many
others of the first ten articles of amend-
ment. For example, by the fifth of the
amendments it is provided that private prop-
erty shall not be taken for public use without
just compensation. Of this, as also of the
other amendments for the protection of per-
sonal rights, it has always been decided that
they are limitations upon the powers of Con-
gress, but not such limitations upon the States
as can bo enforced by Congress and the judg-
ments of the United States courts.
On the contrary, the Supreme Court, when
presided over by men who never were sus-
pected of mere partisan judgments, whose
ability and integrity were acknowledged by all
and challenged by none, ruled invariably as I
have stated. If these limitations upon your
power confer power to legislate over the States,
why not enforce them all by penal enactment?
When the gentleman is through I should like
to be heard somewhat on this bill. So far as
we can constitutionally do anything to prevent
the infliction of cruel punishments by State
laws I wish to see it done. I trust the day is
not distant when by solemn act of the Legisla-
tures of three fourths of the States of the
Union now represented in Congress the pend-
ing constitutional amendment will become part
of the supreme law of the land, by which no
State may deny to any person the equal pro-
tection of the laws, including all the limita-
tions for personal protection of every article
and section of the Constitution, and by which
also the Congress will be empowered by law
to enforce every one of those limitations so
essential to justice and humanity.
Mr. KASSON. I cannot yield further with-
out leading to remonstrance on the part of
gentlemen near me touching the delay of other
business.
As to the point of the gentleman from Ohio,
that the bill to which I referred did not con-
tain the clause I said it did, I will only say
he is in error. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ingersoll] asked me whether this bill
contemplated punishment of the officer who
inflicted this cruel and unusual punishment.
I said it did, and so it, does.
Mr. BINGHAM. I stand corrected; but
it does not, as this bill does, provide the person
who pronounces judgment shall be indicted
and punished.
Mr. KASSON. My impression is the bill
prohibited the making of the order, which
covers the same principle to which the gentle-
man now alludes.
Mr. WARD, of New York. Has this meas-
ure been reported by anv committee ?
v The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. KASSON. I thought that was under-
stood.
Mr. ROSS. When I have the opportunity I
will move to refer this bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. KASSON. Although this bill has not
been reported by a committee, yet it has not
been introduced without consultation on the
part of members. I now yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE. I wish to call the attention of
the gentleman from Iowa to the fact that al-
though his bill is based upon the recital of the
eighth article of the amendments to the Con-
stitution, those amendments are nowhere made
subject to legislation by Congress ; and I sub-
mit to him whether there is any authority to be
derived for his bill any more than there would
be for legislation by Congress to carry out any
provision of the bill of rights. And I suggest
further, that it has been adjudged by unvarying
decisions that these amendments do not confer
legislative power upon Congress; that they are
mere provisions for the protection of the citi-
zen, to be enforced through the courts. I ask
the gentleman, therefore, where he finds in the
Constitution or its amendments authority in
Congress to legislate on the subjects included
in the bill of rights and not specifically given ?
Mr. KASSON. I answer that the Consti-
tution itself, after conferring specific powers
upon Congress, contains a clause that Qongress
may not only pass laws to carry those powers
into effect, but all other powers conferred by
the Constitution on the General Government
or any branch of it. _ I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Missouri.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask this ques-
tion in connection with this bill. It is very
common for the enforcement of discipline and
to suppress insubordination in penitentiaries
and State prisons to inflict corporal punish-
ment in various ways. Now, I wish to know
if this bill does not include the infliction of
such punishment for the enforcement of prison
discipline ?
Mr. KASSON. In answer to that I will
say that the very case to which the gentleman
refers was in my mind in framing this bill, and
is excluded by its provisions. It simply covers
the infliction of punishment by order of a court
before whom the party charged with the offense
is tried. It is confined exclusively to that as
being the thing sought to be guarded against
by the Constitution itself.
Mr. FINCK. I wish to ask whether the
article to which the gentleman refers, and all
the articles of amendment made prior to the
last two or three years, are not amendments
restricting and limiting the power of legisla-
tion ?
Mr. KASSON. All the amendments?
Mr. FINCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. KASSON. I answer no ; that several
of them are expressly designed for the greater
security of the individual rights of the citizen,
and I am sure a majority of them are expressly
designed to protect individual rights.
Mr. FINCK. And to restrict the power of
Congress.
Mr. KASSON. No, sir; I do not accept the
gentleman's amendment; they are designed to
protect the individual rights of the citizen.
Now, Mr. Speaker, you will perceive the
reasons that require this action. I believe it
to be the duty of Congress, a duty which it
owes to the people, to see that every constitu-
tional right of the citizen shall be protected
against outrage and violation. Our powers in
that direction are limited exclusively by the
prohibitions of the Constitution and not by the
positive affirmations of the Constitution. The
very object of the Constitution was to secure
republican liberty and all the rights that belong
to republican citizenship, and the very moment
that all the people of all colors in the United
States were put on the same level in respect to
personal rights from that very moment the
legislation of Congress must conform to this
condition. The thing of which the loyal por-
tion of this country complain to-day is that
while in the insurgent States^ they pretend
to submit to the changed condition of things
and accept the determined issues of the con-
test, they do nevertheless continually thwart
and oppose every effort made by the General
Government in good faith to carry these issues
into practical effect among the people.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Iowa. This bill
has been reported this morning. It is not
printed. Gentlemen are unable to determine
to what extent the bill goes. Now, there is quite
a difference of opinion here as to the power of
Congress on this subject. I find there is a differ-
ence even upon the other side of the Hoase as to
whether this provision of the Constitution does
not confer merely negative powers upon Con-
gress instead of giving it affirmative power. I am
not sure, but I think that the Supreme Court
of the United States has upon more than one
occasion determined that this provision of the
Constitution is a limitation of power, and that
under it the General Government does not
acquire any affirmative power. If such is the
case we certainly should deliberate upon this
and should move slowly in the matter. We
should hesitate about going to such an extent
as to do violence to the rights of the States.
I wish further to add upon this subject that
from the reading of the bill at the Clerk's
desk I have been unable to catch all its pro-
visions ; but it does seem to me that it provides
for the punishment of State officers for carry-
ing out the express provisions of the laws of
the States under which laws they are acting.
Now, if that be true we ought not certainly to
proceed in this hasty manner to legislate upon
a question of this kind or to pass a bill that
will place a State officer in this awkward posi-
