812
THE OONGBESSIOJUL GLOBE.
January 28,
tion, that if he complies with the State law he
will be punished under the law, of Congress,
and_ if he fails to comply with it he* will be
punished under the law of his State.
Mr. KASSON. The gentlema'r\ knows very
well that I should be glad to have ample time
given for the consideration and discussion of
this bill; but he knows also that the business
of the House is such that if there, be an evil
to be corrected it' must- be done with reason
able promptness. '
_ Let me say in reference to the civil rights
bill, to which the gentleman has referred- as
imposing certain duties that might conflict with
State laws, that Congress Has decided that we
have a certain right in administering the pro-
visions of the Constitution to supersede State
laws. The point I make now is that the pro-
visions of these State laws are in conflict with
the Constitution of the United States, and
must be so held by the judges of the State
courts.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to suggest that every State judge, by the
terms of our Constitution, is bound by an oath
to support that Constitution, and that there is
a further provision that that Constitution and
the laws passed in pursuance thereof shall be
binding upon the judges,in every State, thereby
giving him a judgment in deciding whether our
laws are in pursuance of the Constitution or
not. And yet you say here that if the judge of
a State court decides against you he shall be
subject to six months' imprisonment in the
penitentiary and to a fine.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman suggests an
additional reason for Congress taking this
power out of the hands of the judges of the
State courts, because this clause of the Con-
stitution is binding upon them, and if they do
not observe it they ought to be punished.
Mr. BINGHAM. His oath to obey the Con-
stitution is binding upon him to the exclusion
of State or congressional enactments.
_ Mr. KASSON. Exactly; and if he disobey
it he ought to be punished.
Mr. BINGHAM. If he disobey the Consti-
tution. But he is entitled to a judgment in
regard to our statutes. You impose upon him
an oath, and then tell him, " If you do not de-
cide as we wish you to we will send you to the
penitentiary."
_ Mr. KASSON. On the contrary, we tell
him that if he does not decide as the Con-
stitution requires, we will so treat him.
Mr, BINGHAM. No. The gentleman's
provision is absolute, that if a State judge pro-
nounces judgment contrary to the provisions
oi this act he shall be punished.
- ¥r'i KASSON. lhat brings the question
right back as to whether the physical torture
of a citizen of the Uuited States is within the
scope of the Constitution, or is "cruel and
unusual punishment.'1 Now, I ask any gen-
tleman to rise in his place and say whether a
member of this House who commits an assault
or any other criminal act can be brought up and
have the lash and the scourge inflicted upon
him without a violation of the Constitution of
the United States?
Mr- pONKLING. I should like to add a
word just at this point. I am willing that
these judges^ should be punished for doing
almost anything for which a man may be pun-
ished ;but as I read the bill I think there is
great difficulty in knowing that for which they
are to be punished.
The bill proposes to provide that no judge or
other civil officer shall hereafter adjudge that
criminals shall be punished by lashes or blows,
or by any other mode of physical torture."
JN ow, tor legal purposes, I would like to have
some gentleman explain to this House what
that means; to fix the metes and bounds which
guard those words. Surely putting a roan in a
strait-jacket is physical torture. I am inclined
to think that putting him in a cell is physical
torture. I feel sure that if you put a ball and
chain upon him, and compel him to go out in
public m that condition, although the essence
of the punishment is the mortification to which
he is subjected, and so intended to be, I am
inclined to think that is physical torture. Now,
1 presume it is very common in all or nearly all
the States to take pe,tty offenders, for instance,
men incorrigibly prone to getting, drunk and
exposing, themselves in public, and send them
to the work-house, where, although they are
confined but a sKort time, a bajl and chain
is put upon them; not one that weighs very
much", not that the biui of the punishment is the
physical inconvenience or. exhaustion which
ensues; but because it makes them a spectacle,
because it hangs them up like a dead crow in
a corn-field as a warning to other people who
are disposed to commit like offenses, that is
physical torture,. I might go on and multiply
instances in which some of the most approved,
some of the lightest, some of the most casual
punishments inflicted by our courts would be
inhibited under very heavy penalty by this
bill.
Now, if I may be allowed to make one fur-
ther remark, I will say, here is a bill which is
not printed. If I had understood the force of
it when the gentleman asked leave to introduce
it. I am free to say I should have voted, as I
did not vote, for the suspension of the rules.
It comes here now to be acted upon in very
great haste. It involves principles and details
of very great importance. I ask the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] to allow it to be
referred to some committee, with leave, which
I presume will be granted, to report at any
time upon giving one day's notice; and in the
mean time the bill can be printed.
Mr, KASSON. I have no objection to that
if the order can be made. I will only say, as
it is proper I should say in answer to what
the gentleman has said, I know of no statute
in any State which authorizes the judge of any
criminal court to sentence a man to any par-
ticular mode of physical torture. If there be
any such I confess my entire ignorance of it.
_ Mr. LYNCH. I wish to ask the gentleman
if executing a person is not inflicting physical
torture ?
Mr. KASSON. No, sir; as everybody un-
derstands, that is not physical torture in the
sense employed in this bill.
O^-NKLING. They do such things so
quickly now that there is no physical torture
about it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson]
to a remark which he ha§ just made. He says
that he knows of no court authorized by law to
sentence a man to endure physical torture or
suffering byway of punishment. I would like
to ask the gentleman what he would regard
sentencing a man to solitary confinement upon
bread and water? That I believe is done in
the States of Wisconsin and Ohio and per-
haps in other States. Is not that physical
torture?
Mr. KASSON. I have no doubt that not
only in the State of Wisconsin but elsewhere
that punishment might very well be meted out
for some political offenses. The gentleman
understands as well as I do that that is not the
meaning given by any dictionary or law to the
term " physical torturenor is it the sense in
which it is used in this bill, or in which any
court egpld construe it to have been used in
this bill.
I wish to add that a man who does not
understand the dignity of manhood, the rights
of citizenship, cannot understand the objects
sought to be accomplished by this bill. I give
my friend the credit of understanding it if he
chooses to understand it, provided he could
take the terms of this bill out of the consider-
ations which usually attach to the question of
slavery. My object here is to protect those
fundamental rights of republican manhood in
our color as well as any other color against the
degradation which every man on this floor
feels is connected with personal stripes and
laceration of the body. Hence the language
of the preamble recites "with whips and
scourges ;" and I ask any gentleman to point
me to any country in the world, governed
popularly in its legislative branch, that im-
poses to-day physical chastisement, physical
torture, as the punishment of crime. There
is no answer. No gentleman can point to such
a country.
Mr. CONKLING. What is " physical tor-
ture?" If the gentleman will tell us that, we
may be able t(? answer.
Mr. KASSON. The bill itself recites '' lashes
and blows'' in one part, and in another part it
sp6&ks Of
Mr. CONKLING. "Any other mode of
physical torture."
Mr. KASSON. Well, sir, if ■ the gentleman
should ask me what is the meaning of a "blow"
I might be embarrassed to answer him. If he
asks _me what "physical torture" means, he
certainly understands that it applies to that
species of punishment applied directly to the
body, and not the usual modes of punishment
by confinement and restraint of motion, &c.,
those punishments which are known to all civil-
ized countries.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether in his view to confine a person
in prison and starve him to death is not "phys-
ical torture?"
Mr. KASSON. Undoubtedly; but no per-
sonal restraint to which the law sentences a
criminal is so, according to the meaning given
to the term by any judicial decision or any his-
torical writer or any legislative precedent. I
think there is no question about that.
Mr. FINCK. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether his bill is comprehensive enough to
cmbrace the whipping of a pupil at school by
tllO tOQiCll©!1 ^
Mr. KASSON. If my friend had listened
to the reading of the bill he would know that
it is confined exclusively to the orders of a
judge, justice, or civil officer.
Mr. FINCK. I want to ask my friend one
further question: if we have power to pass this
bill, have we not the power to prohibit punish-
ment by whipping or scourging in the schools
of the States?
Mr._ KASSON. Mr. Speaker, it is my
habit in debate to confine myself to the ques-
tion before the House. This bill has reference
simply to the action of the courts administering
criminal justice, which are restrained by the
clause of the Constitution itself from inflicting
"cruel and unusual punishment."
Mr. FINCK. It involves the same prin-
ciple.
Mr. KASSON. Now, Mr. Speaker, I will
not detain the House any longer. As I have
already said, I will agree to the proposition
which has been made, that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, with leave
to report at anytime; and that the bill be
printed.
The question being taken on the motion that
the bill be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary and be printed, it was agreed to.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules to allow the committee to
report back the bill at any time, there were—
ayes eighty-five ; noes not counted.
So (two-thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and leave was granted.
taxation of national banks.
Mr. ROLLINS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Hesotved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
hereby instructed to report to this House at as early
a day as practicable tho amount of taxes annually
paid by national banking associations to the United
States; also, so far as he may be able to ascertain
the same, the amount paid to the several States in
which such associations may be located.
The _ SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. ROLLINS moved to reconsider the' vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
