1866.
the mmamrniowML ©Lorn
49
tip the national banks and furnishing the country in
liou of said national currency with greenbacks or
other currency of similar character, and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay that resolution upon the table.
Mr. ROSS. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays wereordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas, 87, nays 58, not vot-
ing 46 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James Mi Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Baiter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham,
Blaine, Boutwell. Brandegee, Broomall, Bandy,
Chanler, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke.Conklmg,
Darling, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Dixon,-
Dod^e, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Garfield,
Goodyear, Grinnell, Griswold, Hill, Holmes, Hooper',
Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Edwin N.
Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Jenckes, Ju-
lian, Kasson, Ketcham, Koontz, William Lawrence,
Longyear, Marston, MeRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill, Morris, Myers, O'Neill, Patterson, Per-
ham. Plants. Price, William JEE. Randall, Alexander
H. Rice, John II. Rice, Rollins, Rousseau, Sawyer,
Shcllabarger, Sitgreaves. Spalding, Stokes, Taber,
Thayer, Van Acrnam, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—87.
N AY S—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Blow, Boyer, Brom-
well, Buckland, Campbell, Cobb, Cook, Cooper, Cul-
lom, Eldridgc, Farnsworth. Farquhar, Ferry, Finck,
Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Henderson, Higby,
Hise, Ingersoll, Kelley, Kelso, Kuykendall, Laflin,
Latham,JUeBlond, Loan, Marshal), Mclndoe, McKee,
Moulton, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Orth, Paine,
Phelps, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sloan, Ste-
vens, Stilwell, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Upson, Andrew H. Ward, Went-
worth, and James F. Wilson—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Bergen,
Culver, Davis, Demijag, Denison,Dumont, Eggleston,
Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hawkins,
Hayes, Hogan, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, De-
mas Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson. Jones,
Kerr, George V. Lawrence, Leftwich, Lynch, Mar-
vin, Maynard, McClurg, McCullough, Newell, Pike,
Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond,
Schenck. Seofield, Starr, Strouse. Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Whaley,
Windom, Winfield, and Wright—46.
So tbe resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. HARDING-j of Illinois, submitted tbe
following resolution, upon which he called the
previous question:
Resolved, That the Committeeon Banking and Cur-
rency be instructed to report to this House a bill for
a law which shall prohibit any diminution of the
national legal-tender currency, and that it i3 the
right and the interest of the whole people of the
United States that the Government should issue all
bills intended and designed to circulate as money,
and the exercise of the power to issue bank notes or
currency by corporations under national or State
law should be discouraged.
The question was upon seconding the call
for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBUBNB, of Illinois. This reso-
lution is mandatory in its character. I move
that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Upon that
motion I call the yeas and nays.
♦ The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANCONA. 1 desire to give notice that
if the motion to lay on the table shall fail, I
shall call for a division of the question upon
agreeing to the resolution.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 60, not voting
47 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham,
Blaine, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee, Bromwell,
Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Conkling; Darling, Dawes,
Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley. Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield,
Grinnoll, Griswold, Hill, Hise, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotehkfes, Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Jenckes, Kasson, Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham,
Koontz, Laflin, Latham, Longyear, Marston, Mar-
vin, MeRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Myers, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill, Patterson, Per-
ham. Plants, Price. William H. Randall, Alexander
H. Rice, John II. Rice, Rollins. Sawyer, Shellabar-
ger, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stokes, Thayer, Upson,
Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward,
Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn.
Welker, Wentworth, Williams, James F. Wilson, Sto-
phen F.Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—-94.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Blow, Buckland,
Bundy, Campbell. Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook,
Cooper, Cullom, Eggleston, Eldridso, Farnsworth,
• Finck, Goodyear, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner C.
Harding, Tiart, Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson, Higby,
Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll,
Julian, Kelso, Kuykcndall, William Lawrence, Lo
39tii Co>jg. 2d Hess.—No. 4.
Blond., Tjoan, Marshall, Maynard, McClurg, Mcln-
doe, MeKee, Moulton, Niblack, Orth, Paine, Pike,
Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Schenck, Shariklin, Sloan, Ste-
vens, Stilwell, Taber, Kathaniel Q. Taylor, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton. Trimble, Trow-
bridge. Burt VapHorn, and Andrew H. Ward—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley. Bergen,
Chanler, Culver, Davis, 3>emingr, Denison, Dumont,
Glossbrenner, Harris, Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbardj Humpta-ey, Hunter, Johnson,
Jones, Qeorge Y. Lawrence, Leftwich, Lynch, Mc-
Cullough, Morris, Newell, Phelps jPomeroy, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Rousseau, Seofield,
Starr, Strouse, Nelson Taylor, Henry D. Washburn,
Whaley, Winfield, and Wright—47.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
appointment op committees, etc.
The SPEAKER announced the following
committees ordered by the House:
standing committee.
On Freedmen's Affairs—Messrs. Thomas D.
Eliot, of Massachusetts ; William D. Kelley, of
Pennsylvania; Godlove S. Orth, of Indiana ;
John A. Bingham, of Ohio ; Nelson Taylor,
of New York; Benjamin F. Loan, of Missouri;
Josiah B. Grinnell, of Iowa; HalbertE. Paine,
of Wisconsin; and Samuel S. Marshall, of Illi-
nois—being the same as select committee on
freedmen of the last ses'sion.
select committees.
On New Orleans Riots—Messrs. Thomas D.
Eliot, of Massachusetts; Samuel Shellabarger,
of Ohio, and William B. Campbell, ofTennessee.
On Murder of United States Soldiers in
South Carolina—Messrs. Frederick A. Pike,
of Maine; John F. Farnsworth, of Illinois,
and Edmund Cooper, of Tennessee.
On Southern Railroads—Messrs. Horace
Maynard, of Tennessee; JosephW. McClurg,
of Missouri; Ulysses Mercur, of Pennsylvania;
Henry D. Washburn, of Indiana, and John
W. Chanler, of New York.
On Frauds in Internal Revenue—Messrs.
William A. Darling, of New York ; Fernando
G. Beaman, of Michigan ; Benjamin Eggleston,
of Ohio ; Leonard Myers, of Pennsylvania,
and Lawrence S. Trimble, of Kentucky.
The SPEAKER also announced the ap-
pointment of Hon. Elijah Hise, of Ken-
tucky, in place of Hon. Henry Grider, de-
ceased, as a member of the joint committee
on reconstruction.
The SPEAKER also announced the«follow-
ing appointments to fill vacancies on commit-
tees :
Committee on Elections—William B. Stokes,
of Tennessee.
Committee for the District of Columbia—
Horace Maynard, of Tennessee, and William
H. Koontz, of Pennsylvania.
Committee on Banking and Currency—John
W. Hunter, of New York. *
Committee on Military Affairs—Lovell H.
Rousseau. ;
Committee on the Militia—HalbertE. Paine,
of Wisconsin; Isaac R. Hawkins, of Tennes-
see, and Andrew H. Ward, of Kentucky.
Committee on Mines and Mining—Nathaniel
G. Taylor, of Tennessee.
Committee on Public Expenditures—Samuel
M. Arnell, of Tennessee.
Committee on the Territories—Edmund
Cooper, of Tennessee.
Committee on Invalid Pensions—John W.
Leftwich, of Tennessee.
Committee on Roads and Canals—Lovell H.
Rousseau, of Kentucky.
Committee on Mileage—Andre wH. Ward, of
Kentucky.
Committee on War Debts of Loyal States—
Isaac R. Hawkins, of Tennessee.
Committeeon Expenditures of Navy Depart-
ment—John W. Hunter, of New York.
navigation op newark bay, etc.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the' Navy, in reply to a reso-
lution of the House of July 27, 1866 ; which
was read, as follows:
Navy Department,
Washington, December 8,1866.
Sir: I had the honor to receive, at the close of its
last session, from the House of Representatives, a
resolution passed by it on the 27th of July, 1866,
requesting the Secretary of the Navy "to appoint a
suitable offieer, whose duty it shall be to prooeed to
Newark, in the State of New Jersey, and examine
mto the condition of the navigation of Newark bay
and the navigation of the mouths of the Passaic and
Hackensack rivers, and whether the samo needs im-
provement, and report the result to the House on the
first Monday in December next."
This Department has not, as yet, taken any action
in pursuance of the resolution as the nature of the
surveys and examinations required is such as to lead
it to apprehend that the resolution was directed to it
by mistake. The survey and examination of our
bays and harbors are matters confided to the Coast
Survey Office, a branch of theTreasury Department:
and it was probably the intention of the House of
Representatives that the work contemplated by its
resolution should be executed under the auspices of
that Department. The Navy Department possesses
no facilities for making such sarveys and examina-
tions.
Very respectfully, GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the Bouse of Rep-
resentatives.
' The SPEAKER. The resolution to which
this communication ia a reply wag offered by
thegentlemanfromNewJersey, [Mr. Weight,}
who is not now in his seat.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the communica-
tion be laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
leave 0  absence.
Mr. SHANKLIN asked leave of absence
for Mr. Leftwich till next Monday.
Leave was granted.
Mr. ORTH asked leave of absence for Mr.
Washburn, of Indiana, for two weeks from
to-day.
Leave was granted.
meetings of congress.
Mr. McINDOE. I demand the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The first business in
order is the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 830) to fix the times for the regular meet-
ings of Congress, on which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] is entitled to
the floor; but when the bill was last under
consideration he had yielded temporarily to
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Higby. 1
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I yield to the
gentleman from California for so long a time
as he may desire.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, I join with
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger]
and other members of the House in the desire
that some law may be passed giving to the
next and each succeeding Congress the power
to convene so soon as its existence commences;
that is, on the 4th of March. I know of no
good reason why so important a branch of the
Government should not have in its own hands,
the power to act in a legislative capacity at
any time within the congressional term with-
out being subject to the will of any other branch
of the Government, and especially in view of
the fact that the President of the United States
in his recent annual message has expressed
his regret that Congress has not carried out the
policy which he indicated in his message of
1865, notwithstanding the fact that that jjolicy
has received such emphatic condemnation at
the hands of the nation.
But, Mr. Speaker, I desire to address myself
more particularly to the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shella-
barger. J So far as regards the main features
of this bill without this amendment, I am in
favor of them: and I should have no objection
to the measure if it were so amended as simply
to provide that the executives of the several
States shall be empowered to fix a time for
holding elections, and that if they do not do so
the States may hold their elections under the
laws of their respective Legislatures. But, Mr.
Speaker, the amendment as now offered by the
gentleman from Ohio is utterly impracticable,
because it proposes that every one of the loyal
States shall be represented in Congress on'the
4th of March r(esl. All of us would desire this
if it were puvaticable, but under the amend-
ment in its present, shape it will be utterly
