814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
is this? I understand that the policy advo-
cated by him is that in these southern States
no confederate shall be disfranchised and no
colored man allowed to vote, and that there
shall be no constitutional restriction upon the
action of the confederates when once restored
to power.
Now, what power will you have under that
system? Under the census of 1860 there were
eight millions of white population in the fifteen
slave States, all told; two thirds of that popu-
lation, I suppose, were interested in the con-
federacy, and the other third were interested
in the Federal Government. Now, if they come
back without any restriction of any kind, how
many of those States will those who were at-
tached to the confederacy control? I submit,
Mr. Speaker, that they will control them all, hav-
ing two thirds of the white population and hav-
ing the power, this population being distributed
throughout these States, to vote down the Union
men two to one. I know, sir, that the confed-
erate population is not so distributed, but it is
nearly enough so for the vim, the vigor, the
activity, and the bitterness of these men to con-
trol these States. -At all events, whoever warns
us that there is no danger ought to concede
all these uncertainties iu our favor. With a
population of only eight million whites they
would have thirty-two Representatives in the
Senate, and five more would giye them a ma-
jority. They would have ninety-seven mem-
bers of this House, and thirty more would give
them a majority here. They would- have one
hundred and twenty-nine votes in the Electoral
College, and seventy-five votes more would give
them a majority there also; so that with five or
six millions of population to start with they
will come back into the Federal Government
with almost a majority in all its branches.
The SPEAKER. The time allowed to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has now expired,
and his colleague [Mr. Stevens] is entitled to
the floor, under theunderstandingof the House,
for one hour, in which to close debate upon the
. bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say that I wish
to call the previous question before four o'clock
this afternoon.
Mr. ELIOT. Before that is done I hope I
may be allowed an opportunity to offer some
.slight amendments to the bill.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] yield to me for
fifteen or twenty minutes ?
Mr. STEVENS. Very well, I will yield to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. CtrLLOM.]
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, the greSt
question of reconstruction still excites the
public mind; it will continue to do so until
the late rebellious States are all organized by
proper authority into States republican in
form. _ This Government for some time past
and still presents an anomalous condition of
things; about eleven millions of her people
are not represented in the national councils.
It may be seriously doubted whether such a
state of things can very long exist without
great danger to the Republic. At the close
of the last session of Congress I hoped and
believed that by the time we should assemble
here again such a disposition would bo mani-
fested by the people of the South as would
give the loyal people of the country confidence
that the Union which they so nobly struggled
to maintain would soon be restored in all its
parts. The people, as has been said by other
members on this floor, desire peace; they are
longmg to see the day when peace, harmony,
and prosperity shall resume their sway all over
the land. But, sir, as in the early days of the
rebellion, when they hoped and believed that
the rebellion would soon cease, so now they
and wo are disappointed.
To-day, so far as we can see in the acts and
developments of those rebellious people, the
signs of returning peace and harmony are no
moie Jiopeful than at the adjournment of our
last session.
During the last session of this Congress we
sent to the country a proposed amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. That amend-
ment embodied principles fit to be made a part
of the great Constitution, and essential to the
protection of human rights and the perpetuity
of the nation. This House and the country
know well the wisdom of that amendment.
The Legislatures of the loyal States, as they
assemble in their respective capitals, ratify it
one by one, and declare that they desire it shall
become a parjjof the great charter of Ameri-
can liberty.
While the States whose sons stood by the
flag in the late struggle for national existence
are giving their consent to the amendment in
accordance with the forms of the Constitution,
the people of the late rebel States, by their
pretended Legislatures, are treating it with
scorn and contempt.
They repudiate the action of Congress, and
refuse to favor any scheme or proposition not
made in the interest of treason. That devo-
tion to the flag which cost this nation so much
blood and treasure must be insulted by the
representatives .of the people who made the
sacrifice, or the South will not be satisfied and
yield a just obedience to the law. Mr.
Speaker, I shall never insult the men in my
district and the nation who struggled to save
this country for the purpose of reconciling
men who labored to destroy the nation, even
though such refusal results in the failure to
reconstruct this country during the present
generation. It is time, sir, that the people of
the South were informed in language not to
be misunderstood that the people who saved
this country are going to reconstruct it in their
own way, subject to the Constitution, the op-
position of rebels to the contrary notwith-
standing.
The constitutional amendment will be rati-
fied by three fourths of the States iu their prac-
tical relations to the Government. It will thus
in my judgment become apart of the Constitu-
tion. By it the status of all persons born or
naturalized on American soil will be defined and
protection guarantied. Representation will be
readjusted; the men who have sworn to support
the Constitution of the United States and re-
belled against it will be deprived of the right to
hold Federal or State office; the Federal debt
will be held inviolate; the rebel debt will be
prohibited; and whether tl t amendment be
spit upon qi ratified by the late rebellious peo-
ple, it will be enforced in all its parts requiring
submission—in Illinois and Mississippi, Massa-
chusetts and South Carolina alike.
And, sir, if that submission is not given to
the Constitution and laws of the country volun-
tarily, it should be compelled by the power of
the bayonet.
But, Mr. Speaker, after nearly two years
have elapsed since the close of the rebellion in
its organized form, we find ourselves, as before
indicated, with this large southern population,
inhabiting the ten unreconstructed States, with-
out representation, and, as at present situated,
with no apparent disposition to place them-
selves in harmony with the loyal people of the
country. What shall be done? Where lies
the difficulty? Who is at fault? Shall we, as
the people's representatives, stand still and
fold our arms and wait for that great innovator,
time, to work out the problem, or shall we go
forward ? Shall we shut our eyes to the abuse
and murders of loyal men in the South and
the continued destruction of their property by
wicked men and give them no means of pro-
tection when we may? These are questions
which we ought all to answer and act as be-
come men capable of discharging the great
duties resting upon us. If the statutes of the
country are now sufficient to protect the loyal
people of these disorganized States of the
South from rebel outrage and are not enforced,
it is our duty to remove the obstacle wherever
it may be. If men, either by the choice of the
people or under the forms of the Constitution,
are placed in positions of trust and honor and
fail_ to discharge their duties, the remedy is
plain and well defined and should be applied.
If more law is necessary let us enact it.
Mr. Speaker, in my judgment it is the duty
of this Congress to proceed at once and organ-
ize the late rebellious States into States repub-
lican in form ; but we are told that the govern-
ments which took the place of the old State
governments of the ten seceded States, as they
existed before the war, are republican in form ;
and when a delegation from Arkansas wait
upon the Executive to consult as to the condi-
tion of things there, and inquire what they
should do to reconstruct that State, we are told
that our wise and astute Attorney General
pertly tells those gentlemen that the State of
Arkansas is already reconstructed, and needs
no reconstruction.
Republican in form!—governments formed
by the Chief Executive without authority of law
and upheld by the military power when deemed
proper, and set aside at the suggestion of post
commanders of military districts—these State
governments, conceived in ignorance, brought
forth in confusion, and rocked in the cradle of
treason, are to be palmed upon the country as
legitimate, and taken into the sisterhood of
States as republican in form, with all the rights
belonging to great States of the Union.
Sir, Presidents and Attorney Generals may
pr&te about the rights of the States and de-
clare that those organizations are States with
all the rights belonging to States whose rela-
tions to the Government have never been in-
terrupted. They may prepare vetoes filled with
the same stuff and send them to this Capitol
to be vetoed by the representatives of the peo-
ple; yet, sir, the great mass of the people un-
derstand that the Executive of the nation has
no power to create a State, and that the cre-
ation of a State by such hands should be set
aside, and States republican in form created by
the Department of the Government authorized
by the Constitution so to do.
It is the duty, sir, of the law-making power
of the Government to see to it that those State
governments are republican in form ; it is the
duty of to-day and we must perform it.
In the first periods of the late war the Gov-
ernment was careful to do nothing to annoy
or exasperate the rebels. The brave soldier
went to the field with his saber and musket to
fight, but with them he carried the orders of
his ranking officer protecting to the people in
rebellion their property, including slaves. In-
tent upon the destruction of the Government,
the nation's kid-glove policy was turned to the
temporary advantage of the enemy, and in the
progress of time and events we learned that
war, destructive, bloody war for liberty, was
the war essential to save the nation and claim
the respect of the world. Such a war was con-
ducted under the changed policy of the Gov-
ernment, the soldiers of the Union triumphed,
and the rebellion ended.
When we began to consider the great subject
of the reconstruction of the rebellious States
at the last session of Congress we counseled
moderation and great liberality toward the peo-
ple over whom the nation had triumphed in
arms. A brave people always desire to escape
the charge of want of generosity to a beaten
foe. And then it was hoped that such a course
would tend to encourage a spirit of loyalty to
the Government and harmony among the peo-
ple of the different sections. If any class of
men had a right to complain of our action that
portion of the people of the South who had all
through the war been true to the flag had the
right to complain. While they had given their
strong arms and blood to save the nation,
which had been the house of bondage to them,
in the work of reorganizing they were passed
by and given no voice.
_ They had the right by all that is just and
righteous to demand that in the recreation of
the States in which they lived they should have
the right to be heard.
But, sir, so far as the amendment is con-
cerned, we closed our eyes and passed them
by, as in tke beginning of the war, intent more
upon conciliation than doing full and ample
justice to the friends of the Government.
As the refusal of the rebels to lay down their
