1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
Mr. PERHAM. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It appears
by the printed bill that I offered this amend-
ment. It is true that I suggested some verbal
modifications, but this amendment was pro-
posed by my colleague in front of me, [Mr.
Fabssworth.] .
The SPEAKER. The amendment is re-
ported by the committee. .
Mr. PERHAM. I more to amend the
amendment by striking out the words:
That the President shall within twenty days from
and after the passage of this act nominate to the
Senate persons for the several agencies m which
pension agents have been appointed since the 1st day
of January, A. D. 1866; and unless such nominations
shall bo confirmed by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, their offices shall be vacant;
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
That the term of office of all pension asents ap-
pointed since the 1st day of January, 1866, shall"
expire at the end of thirty days from the passage of
this act, and that the President shall within fifteen
days from the passage of this act nominate to the
Senate persons for pension agents in the several
agencies in which pension agents have been appointed
since the 1st day of January, 1866.
So that the amendment will read as follows:
Provided, That the number of pension agencies in
any State or Territory shall in no case bo increased
hereafter so as to exceed three, and that no such
agency shall be established in addition to those now
existing in any State or Territory in which the whole
amount of pensions paid during the fiscal year next
preceding shall not have exceeded the sum of
$500,000: And provided further, That the term of
office of all pension agents appointed since thelst day
of January, 1866, shall expire at the end of thirty days
from the passage of this act, and that the President
shall within fif' een days after the passage of this act
nominate to the Senate pension agents in tho several
ajgenciesin which pension agentshave been appointed
since .the said 1st day of January, 1866, and that all
pension agents appointed prior to said date last
named, and now acting, shall continue in their re-
spective offices until their successors shall be nom-
inated and confirmed in accordance with the provis-
ions of this act.
Mr. PERHAM. This bill was quite gen-
erally discussed when it was up the other day,
and I would now call the previous question.
Mr. KELLEY. I would ask the gentleman
if this bill cannot be so modified as to operate
at an earlier day than the 1st of January, 1866?
Mr. PERHAM. The committee was not of
the opinion that there was any occasion for
that.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question recurred on the amendment as
amended.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KELLEY. Would it be practicable now
to modify the amendment?
The SPEAKER. It would not; the House
is operating under the previous question.
A Member. Cannot that be withdrawn?
The SPEAKER. It cannot..
Mr. KELLEY. Is it in order to move to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered?
The SPEAKER. It cannot be reconsidered
while the House is operating under the pre-
vious question. It must proceed until the pre-
vious question is exhausted. The Clerk will
read the rule from page 166.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The previous question may be reconsidered, but
not after it is partly executed."
The SPEAKER. It cannot be reconsidered
while the House is executing it.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—-yeas 117, nays 29, not vot-
ing 45 ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Ames. Anderson, Arncll,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Barter, Beaman, Benjamin, llidwcll, Bingham,
Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buclcland, Bundy, Header W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke. Cobb, Conkling, Cook. Cullom, Dar-
ling, Dawes, Delano, Demine,'Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Kekley, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Farquhar,
Vorry, Garfield, Grinnell, Hale, Ilart, Hawkins,
Hayes, Henderson, lligby. Holmes, Hooper, llotch-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
James K. llubhell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jeneltes,
Julian, Iva*son, Kolso, Koteham, Koontz, Lallin,
WilliamLawrcnce, Loan, Longyear. Lynch, Marvin,
Maynard, McClurg, Mclndoe, McKee, McRuer,
Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,Morris, Moulton,
Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham,
Pike, Plants, Price, William H. Randall, John H.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenclt, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T, Van Horn, Hamilton
Ward, Warner, Blihu B. Washburne, William B.
Waahbura, Welkcr, Wentworth, Williams, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona,Boyer, Campbell, Cooper,
Dawson, Defrees, Eldridge, Finck, Goodyear. Aaron
Harding, Abner C. Harding, Hise, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, Kerr, Latham, Le Blond, Marshall, Niblack,
Nicholson, Ritter, Rogers, Ross.Shanklin.Sitgreaves,
Taber,Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, and
Andrew H. Ward—29.
NOT VQTING—Messrs. Alley, Delos R. Ashley,
Bergen, Chanler, Culver, Davis, Denison, Driggs,
Dumont, Eliot. Glossbrenner, Griswold. Harris,
Hill, Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson, Jones, Kelley, K uy-
kendall, George V. Lawrence, Leftwieh, Marston,
MeCullough. Newell, Noell, Phelps, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H.
Rice; Rousseau. Seofield. S&rr, Stilwell, Strouse,
Nelson Taylor, Henry D. Washburn, Whaley, Win-
field, and Wright—45.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed
to.
'The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Two messages in writing, from the President
of the United States, were communicated to
the House by Mr. Robert Johnson, his Private
Secretary, who also informed the House that
the President had approved and signed a joint
resolution of the House, No. 212, to appoint
two managers for the National Asylum ftir Dis-
abled Volunteer Soldiers, to fill certain vacan-
cies.
privileges of the house.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of privilege,
and submit the following preamble and resolu-
tion:
Whereas it is alleged that Charles V. Culver, of
Pennsylvania, a member of this House, is detained
from his seat in this House under arrest in violation
of the sixth section of the first article of tho Consti-
tution and of the privileges of this House: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary are
hereby instructed, with all practicable dispatch, to
inquire into the circumstances of the case and report
the same to this House, and to report to this House
whether any breach of its privileges has been com-
mitted, and what action shouldbe had thereon; that
the said committee have power to send for persons
and papers, to sit during therecess of theHouse, and
to report by bill or otherwise at any time.
I desire to say but a word upon this resolu-
tion. I have introduced it without any per-
sonal knowledge of the facts in the case in
question. But I have in my hand an extract
I have cut from a newspaper, purporting to
give the proceedings of the court upon the
case. I ask that the extract be read by the
Clerk for the information of the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Pittsburg, December 7.—Advices from Franklin,
Pennsylvania, say that Hon. C. V. Culver, of Ve-
nango Bank notoriety, held in custody by the civil
law, was brought before Judge Thurkey yesterday
on a writ of habeas coi*pu*, and asked to bo discharged
on the grounds that lie was a member of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress from tho twentieth district of Penn-
sylvania. After able arguments by the counsel on'
both sides, Judgo Thurkey decided to-day that a
member of Congress was not entitled to his privilege
when held for an indictable offense."
Mr. HALE. Now, if that case is correctly
reported in the extract which has just been
read, it is evident that it involves a very grave
quesiion of privilege, one which affects this
House and its dignity as well as the individual
immediately interested. I have therefore in-
troduced a resolution taking what seemed to me
to be the most advisable course, the one most
conformable to the dignity of the House, in
order that the Committee on the Judiciary may
at soon as possible investigate this whole ques-
tion and indicate what action should be had.
I think it will meet the unanimous consent of
the House.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to state very
briefly to the House the facts in this case, aa
they have come to my knowledge in a somewhat
authentic way. It is but a day or two since
I was called upon by some gentlethen from
the district of Hon. Mr. Culver, represent-
ing him not only as constituents, but in an
official capacity, who presented the whole case
to me as they allege it to stand upon the record.
{Jpon their statements, so far as regards Che
question of privilege, it struck me at once as
a very clear one, so clear that, in my judgment,
the House would be constrained to act as soon
as the facts were brought to its knowledge.
It seems that an action of assumpsit (as it
is termed by lawyers) upon a parole contract
for the payment of money was instituted against
Mr. Culver, upon a claim amounting to some
sixty or seventy thousand dollars. By the law
as it stands in Pennsylvania—the act, I think,
of 1842 abolishing imprisonment for debt—it
is provided that in case the plaintiff in any
civil suit shall make an affidavit to the effect
that the contract had its origin in fraud or was
made upon false and fraudulent representa-
tions, the defendant shall not be allowed the
privilege of exemption from imprisonment,
but shall be required to enter into bonds to
answer to the case, and if not able to pay the
money to take the benefit of the insolvent law.
Gentlemen of the profession here who are con-
versant with this law will bear me out in the
remark that this provision, which was an ex-
ceptional one, was only intended as a substitute
for the old remedy by capias, which resulted in
the exaction of special bail.
On an affidavit of this sort, asserting, as I
feel authorized to say from the information I
have received, no more than a mere breach of
promise or of a contract, a bench warrant was
issued in the month of June and during the
last session of Congress, upon which Mr.
Culver was arrested, and upon a hearing re- .
quired to enter into the necessary bond. He
declined to do so, or was perhaps unable, for
the reason that the sum involved was a very
large one. The decision rested on the ground
that the circumstances shown constituted a
sufficient prima facie case to warrant the exac-
tion of this security under the act of Assembly.
An application was thereupon made by Mr.
Culver to the judge of an adjoining district
for a writ of habeas corpus, which was ac-
cordingly issued. On the hearing of that case,
this judge arrived by some means or other at
the very sage and very extraordinary conclu-
sion that, inasmuch as fraud was an indictable
offense at the common law, the case fell within
the constitutional exceptions and was to be
considered as a "breach of the peace" within
the meaning of that instrument, and therefore
refused to grant the discharge. The House
will recollect, of course, that the provision
referred to is to the effect that Senators and
Representatives "shall in all cases, except
treason, felony, and breach of the peace, be
privileged from arrest during their attendance
at the sessions of their respective Houses, and
in going to and returning from the sj,ame."
The judge in this case holds, as I understand
and have already said, that the imputation of
fraud involves substantially or by construction .
of law a criminal offense, although the whole
proceeding was nothing more than a civil ac-
tion for the recovery of a debt, and that Mr.
Culver is not therefore entitled to his discharge
upon the ground of privilege; and he is ac-
cordingly still held under duress and disabled
from attending here to discharge the duties
devolved on him by his commission as a Rep-
resentative.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman mean
to say that this was not a criminal proceeding
at all?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do.
Mr. DAWES. Then I do not see how Mr.
Culver can legally be held under arrest.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The obligation which he
II is required to take is that he shall respond to
!! this action, and if he does not pay. shall file his
ii petition for tho benefit of the insolvent laws.
