m
IHB CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBS.
December 10,
It ia no more.a criminal proceeding than the
arrest on original process and the exaction of
special bail' for which it is the substitute.
Mr. DAWfiS. Then it is purely a civil suit?
Mr. WILLIAMS. A civil suit; nothing
else.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to make one further
remark. In an ordinary case, as will be well
understood by all the lawyers of this House, a
party setting up a .defense under a clause of
the Constitution of' the United" States or any
act of Congress may have his appeal to the
Federal courfe, where that defense is overruled.
Not so here. In the present case there is no
such remedy. ,The friends of Mr. cvi.veh have
accordingly come to Washington, as I under-
stand, with the view of making application to
the Supreme Court of the United States .for a
writ of habeas corpus. Upon a hasty inspec-
tion. of the acts of Congress providing for the
iBSus of that writ, my conclusion was that juris-
diction could not be exercised by the Supreme
Court of the United States in this particular
instance. At first view, however, it struck me
that it might be expedient to pass an act pro-
viding for the special case, and giving that
court jurisdiction over it. But npon fuller
reflection it has occurred" to. me that inasmuch
as this is the highest court of the nation, its
legislative coxmcil and the depository of its
supreme authority, and as the privileges of
Parliament (and those are the privileges of
Congress) are transcendant and.undefinablein
themselves, it would be derogatory to the dig-
nity of this body for us to condescend to have
recourse to any other department of the Gov-
ernment to borrow its aid in the assertion of
those immunities which are as much privileges
of this House, and of the constituent body, as
they are of the member individually aggrieved.
I am glad, therefore, that my friend, from
New York has brought this matter to the no-
tice of the House. I had intended to do the
same thing myself, and he has only anticipated
me. I trust the resolution will be adopted.
Mr. THAYER. I wish to add only a single
word to what has fallen from my colleague,
[Mr. Williams.] The warrant of arrest under
which it appears the defendant in this case is
held is a substitute in Pennsylvania, for the
old writ of capias ad respondendum—a form
of process by which, before the passage of the
act abolishing imprisonment for debt in Penn-
sylvania, all plaintiffs were at liberty to com-
mence civil actions. It is unquestionably a
civil proceeding, and has always been so re-
garded by the courts of Pennsylvania. I there-
fore concur entirely with the remarks of my
colleague on this subject, and I trust that the
resolution offered by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hale] will be adopted.
Mr. HALE called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
. .. united.states tsooe3 in mexico*
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the House of Representative?:
In reply to the resolution of the House of the
6th instant, inquiring if any portion of Mexican
territory has been occupied by the United
States troops, I transmit the accompanying
report upon the subject from the Secretary of
W&r. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, December 8, 1866.
The message, with the accompanying report,
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
john h. sure att.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a message from the President of the. United
8tates transmitting a report of the Secretary
of State relating to the discovery.and arrest of
John H. Surratt.
Mr. ELPIIIDGB. I ask for the reading of
Sic jvapoes.
The SPEAKER. They are very voluminous.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. Then I do not insist on
having them read.
The papers were then referred .to the. Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
atchison and pike's peak railroad.
Mr. LOAN. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following:
States to the Atchison and Pike's Peak Railroad
Company as assignees of the Hannibal and St. Joseph
KailroadCompany, or otherwise, forthe construction
of a branch of the Union Pacific railroad from St.
Joseph, Missouri, via Atchison, in Kansas, for one
hundred miles west of the Missouri river, and also
the time of said payments; also a copy of the reports
of the commissioners upon which said paymentswere
mado; and also to inform thisHousewhethersaidroad
has been surveyed or located from St. Joseph, Mis-
souri, via Atchison, Kansas, to any point west thereof,
and if so, to furnish to this House a copy of such sur-
vey and location of such part of said road. And also
whether said road or any part thereof wasconstructed
within the time limited by the law granting aid-to
said road, and if not, by what authority money was
paid for the construction of parts of said road after
the time limited by law therefor.
The SPEAKER. This being a call far
executive information, requires unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to have some information from the gentle-
man from Missouri. I think this is an inter-
esting subject. Some one may have been
cheated, and I should like to know whom it is.
There was no objection, and the resolution
was received.
Mr. LOAN. I understand the franchise
granted to the Hannibal and St. _ Joseph rail-
road was by that company assigned to the
Atchison and Pike's Peak Railroad Company,
that that company held the franchise for some
considerable time, and after the period-limited
by the law for the construction of the first
twenty miles of that road, they did construct
that portion, to wit, that portion running west
of Atchison, Kansas, but have neither located
nor surveyed any part from St. Joseph to At-
chison. I further understand the commis-
sioners have proceeded to examine and make
report of the road so far as constructed from
Atchison west. I understand that report shows
the road to be constructed in an inferior man-
ner, such as will not authorize the payment of
the money; but notwithstanding that report,
on the promise of the Atchison and Pike's
Peak Company to perfect the road, payment on
the first twenty miles has been made. I un-
derstand the commissioners have examined the
second section of twenty miles, and that the
matter is pending in the Interior Department.
If I understand the law there is no authority
for making any payment to the branch road, as
the time limited by law has long sincc expired.
I demand the previous question on the resolu-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the gentle-
man to say that no part of this road has been
made from St. Joseph, Missouri, to Atchison.
Mr. LOAN. None at all, sir. I do not
think it has been either surveyed or located.
Mr. STEVENS. When this bill was passed
—and as I had some hand in it I therefore
remember something about it—we in this House
agreed to give to the St. Joseph road a certain
subsidy to enable it to go west. When the bill
went to the Senate an amendment was made
which I never perfectly understood, and I
should be glad now to have some explanation
of it; the words were inserted "via Atchison,"
which instead of going west made a short turn
at right angles.
Mr. LOAN. That is the road via Atchison.
Mr. STEVENS. Does not the gentleman
understand it was intended "via Atchison"
should mean to begin at Atchison?
Mr. LOAN. I really do.not, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
resolution will be passed, so that we may have
a little more light on this interesting subject.
Mr. LOAN demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LOAN-moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
francis s. lyon.
Mr. THAYER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Private
Land Claims Senate bill No. 373, releasing
to Francis 8. Lyon the interest of the United
States in certain lands in the State of Alabama;
which was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be -printed, and recommitted to the
committee.
president's message.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union and proceed to the consideration
of the President's annual message.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr,
Washburue, of Illinois, in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the Presi-
dent's annual message.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following res-
olutions:
Resolved, That so much of the annual message of
the President of the United States to the two Houses
of Congress at the present session, together-with the
accompanying documents, as relates to the finances,
to the receipts into the Treasury, and the public ex-
penditures, to the revision of the revenue, to the
public debt, and the ways and means of supporting
and meeting all the public liabilities of the Govern-
ment, be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to carrying on the sev-
eral Departments of the Government, to the neces-
sary appropriations therefor, to deficiencies in the
appropriations, and to mail transportation by ocean
steamers, be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. _ .
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to banks and banking
and currency be referred to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to commerce bo referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the public domain
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Post Office De-
partment be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the reestablishment
of the courts in districts where their authority nas
been interrupted, and to all judicial proceedings, be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the public expend-
itures bo referred to the Committee on Public Expend-
itures. , „ .,
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to agriculture, and to
the Department of Agriculture, be referred to the
Committee on Agriculture.
Resolved, That so much of said message and ac-
companying documents as relates to the management
of Indian affairs be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and ac-
companying documents as relates to the Army of the
United States, to provisions for a peace establish-
ment, and to coast and lake defenses, bo referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and ac-
companying doouments as relates to tho Navy of the
United States be referred to theCommitteoon Naval
Affairs. . ,
Resolved. That so much of said message and ac-
companying documents as relates to our foreign
affairs, together with the accompanying correspond-
ence, be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and ac-
companying documents as relates to the Territories
of the United States bereferred to the Committee on
Territories.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to pensions and the
Pension Bureau be referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions. ,
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the expenditures in
connection with the State Department be rsferred to
tho Committee on Expenditures in the State Depart-
ment. ,
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relatos to expenditures m con-
nection with the Treasury Department be referred to
