186a
®P CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on.
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 459) suspending the payment of moneys
from the Treasury as compensation to persons
claiming the service or labor of.colored volun-
teers or drafted men, and for other purposes,
reported it without amendment.
PRINTING OP TAKIJT BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The tariff bill which
passed the House at the last session was re-
ferred by a vote of the Senate to the Committee
on Finance with instructions to report on the
second Monday in December, if I recollect
rightly. The committee have as yet been una-
ble to take Up the bill for consideration so as
to report on the day named. We intend, how-
ever, to report it at as early a day as possible
after we have examined it. In the mean time
the bill is pretty much out of print, and I move
that five hundred additional copies of the bill
be printed for the use of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain the motion by unanimous con-
sent. It is moved that five hundred addi-
tional copies of the bill (H. R. No. 718) to
provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, be printed for the use of
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORT ON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that ten thousand
extra copies of the report of the Commissioner
of Public Lands be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain the motion by unanimous con-
sent. Under the rule the motion must go to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SUMNER. I presume it will go to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. RAMSEY. I imagine it will go to that
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
465) for the relief of Mary Stanley; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
PRESIDENTIAL SUCCESSION.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire what additional legislation is
necessary to provide for the succession of tho Presi-
dent's office in case of the death or disability of all
those upon whom it may now devolve by the Consti-
tution or the laws, and to report by bill or otherwise.
VOLUNTEER BREVETS.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia be instructed to inquire into the S
cxpediency_ of extending to officers in the lato vol- i
unteer service who arc appointed to portions in the !
regular Army the same benefits of brevets conferred, I
of length of service, and in all other respect^ which i
are allowed officers of the regular Army who a* cop led
positions in the volunteer service in consequence
of their services in such volunteer positions.
HOUSE BILL REEERllED.
The bill (H. R. No. 8o0) to fix the times for
the regular meetings of Congress was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clixtox Lloyd, Chief Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 874) to regulate the duties of the Clerk
of the House of Representatives in preparing
for the organization of the House, and for
other purposes; and a bill (H. R. No. 848) to
amend an act entitled "An act to incorporate
the National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans'
Home," approved July 25, I860; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed^ the enrolled bill (S.
No. 327) granting a pension to Mrs. Katharine
F. Winslow; and it was signed by the President
pro tempore.
HOUSE BILLS REEERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 848) to amend an act en-
titled "An aet to incorporate the National
Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans' Home," ap-
proved July 25, 1866—to the Committee- on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (H. R. No. 874) to regulate the duties
of the Clerk of the House of Representatives
in preparing for the organization of the House,
and for other purposes—to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
SUFFRAGE IN THE DISTRICT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no further mornihg business, and no motion is
interposed,'the Chair, although the morning
hour has not expired, will call up the unfin-
ished business, which is the bill (S. No. 1) to
regulate the elective franchise in the District
of Columbia, the pending question being on
the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Cowas,] to strike out the wgrd
"male" before the word "person" in the
second line of the first section of the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia as. a substitute fey- the ori-
ginal bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose that the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania introduced this amend-
ment rather as a satire upon the bill itself, or
if he had any serious intention it was only a
mischievous one to injure the bill; but it will
not probably have that effect, for I suppose
nobody will vote for it except the Senator him-
self, who can hardly avoid it, and I, who shall
vote for it because it accords with a conclusion
to which I have been brought by considerable
study ugpn the subject of suffrage.
I do not contend for female suffrage on the
gfound that it is a natural right, because I
believe that suffrage is a right derived fj-om
society, and that socicty is competent to impose
upon the exercise of that right whatever con-
ditions it chooses. I hold that the suffrage is
a delegated trust—a trust delegated to certain
designated classes of society—and that the
whole body-politic has tho same right to with-
draw any part of that trust that we have to with-
draw any part of the powers or the trusts that
we have imposed upon any executive officer,
and that it ia no more a punishment to restrict
the suffrage and thereby deprive certain persons
of the exercise of that right who have hereto-
fore exercised it, thanit is a punishmenton the
Secretary of the Treasury if we should tSke1
from him the appointment of certain persons
whose appointment is now vested in him. The
power that confers in each case has the right
to withdraw.
The true basis of suffrage of course is intel-
ligence and virtue; but as we cannot define
those, as we cannot draw the line that shall
mark the amount of intelligence and virtue
that any individual possesses, we come as near I
as we can to it by imperfect conditions. It j
certainly will not be contended that the fem- !
inine part of mankind are so much below the !
masculine in point of intelligence as to dis- !
qualify them from exercising the right of suf- i
frage on that account. If it be asserted and !
conceded that the feminine intellect is less vig- |
orous, it must also be allowed that it is more |
acute ; if it is not so strong to strike, it is j
quicker to perceive. But at all events it will j
not be contended that there is such a differ- I
ence in the intellectual capacity of the sexes i
as that that alone should be a disqualification !
from the exercise of the right of suffrage. Still I
less will it be contended that the female part i
of creation is less virtuous than the masculine. ]
On the contrary, it will be coneeded by every I
one that morality and good order, religion .
charity, and all good works appertain rather
more to the feminine than to the masculine
race.
The argument that women do not want to
vote is no argument at all, because if the right
to vote is conferred upon them they can exer-
cise it or not as they choose. It is not a com-
pulsory exercise of power on their part. Bafc-
I think that argument is partly disproved by
the convention to which the Senator from
Pennsylvania referred yesterday, whose argu-
ments he said were worthy of considerationt-
even in this Chamber. I think they are, and
I think it would be very difficult for any one in
this Chamber to disprove them.
Nor is it a fair statement of the case to say that
the man represents the woman in the exercise of
suffrage, because it is an assumption on the part
of the man; it is an involuntary representation
so far as the woman is concerned. Represent-
ation implies a certain delegated power and a
certain responsibility on the part of the repre-
sentative toward the party represented. A
representation to which the represented party
does not assent is no representation at all, but
is adding insult to injury. When the American
Colonies complained that they ought not to be
taxed unless they were represented in the Brit-
ish Parliament, it would have been rather a
singular answer to tell them that they were
represented by Lord North, or even by the Earl
of Chatham. The gentlemen on the other side
of the Chamber who say that the States lately
in rebellion are entitled to immediate repre-
sentation in this Chamber would hardly be sat-
isfied if we should tell themthatmy friend from
Massachusetts represented South Carolina and
my friend from Michigan represented Alabama.
They would hardly be satisfied I think with that
kind of representation. *
Nor have we any more right to assume that
the women are satisfied with the representa-
tion of the men. Where has been the assem-
bly at which this right of representation was
conferred? Where was the compact made?
What were the conditions? It is wholly an
assumption. A woman is a member of a man-
ufacturing corporation; she is a stockholder
in a bank; she is a share-holder in a railroad
company; she attends all those meetings in
person or by proxy, and she votes, and her
vote is received. Suppose a woman offering
to vote at a meeting of a railroad corporation
should be told by one of the men "we repre-
sent you, you cannot vote," it would be pre-
cisely the argument that is now used; that men
represent the woman in the exercise of th'e
elective franchise. A woman .pays a large
tax, and the man who drives her coach, the
man who waits upon her table, goes to the
polls and decides how much of her property shall
go to support the public expenses, and what
shall be done with it. She has no voice in the
matter whatever; she is taxed without rep-
resentation.
The exercise of political power by women is
by no means an experiment. There is hardly
a country in Europe—1 do not think there is
any one—that has not at some time of its his-
tory been governed by a woman, and many of
them very well governed, too. There have
been at least three empresses of Russia since
Peter the Great, and two of them were very
wise rulers. Elizabeth raised England to the
very heighth of greatness, and the reign of
Anne v\ as illustrious in arms and not less illus-
trious in letters. A female sovereign supplied
to Columbus the means of discovering this
country. He wandered footsore and weary
from court to court, from convent to convent,
from one potentate to another, but no man on
a "throne listened to him until a female sover-
eign pledged her jewels to fit out the expedi-
tion which "gave a new world to the kingdoms
of Castile and Leon." Norneed we cite Anne
of Austria, who governed France for ten years,
or Marie Theresa, whose reign was so great and
glorious. We have two modern instances. A
woman is now on the throne of Spain, and a
woman sits upon, the throne of the mightiest
