1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
United States to men scattered over a Terri-
tory almost a hundred times greater than is
enjoyed by the people of the State I represent.
Upon what principle of right is it that this
State, with a less population than the county
in which I live, with a much less population
than the city in which I live, should have a
political power in the Senate of the United
States, in the making of laws, and in the vote
basis for President, if that should ever go to
the other House, equal to the entire State of
Indiana, when that, county in which I live is
not entitled to a single Representative in the
House, but in order to have a Representative
has to be joined with five other large and pop-
ulous counties? It is not right, Mr. President;
and although a gain politically may be made for
a day, and results may be carried for this year,
perhaps for next year, and perhaps in the
presidential contest of 18(58,1 say to gentlemen
in the majority that in the long run political
power is not held by wrong. I denounce this
as a wrong upon the people I represent, a
wrong that ought not to be done upon the plea
of political and party necessity. That one
million five hundred thousand men in the State
of Indiana shall .have the voice in the Senate
of two votes, and twenty-seven thousand men
in a Territory, scattered over a large extent of
country, few of them having permanent homes,
many of them adventurers among the mines,
shall have a voice equal to the great popula-
tion of the State that, in connection with my
able colleague, I represent, is not right, and,
when done, in my judgment, in the long run,
will not bring advantage to the political party
that claims an interest at this time to do it.
What is it, sir ? A thing that had no regu-
larity from first to last; a State formed, not
pursuant to law, but pursuant to an arrange-
ment made by political parties; a convection
called not by act of Congress; a convention
called by no act of the territorial Legislature;
but a convention called to form a State gov-
ernment and to lay the foundations of a new
State by the representatives of political par-
ties ; an election governed by no law; an elec-
tion for delegates to that convention as irreg-
ular as the proceedings that characterize the
selection of delegates to a political convention;
and then when it is all done, and the constitu-
tion submitted to a popular vote, without the
restraints and guarantees of law for the honesty
of the vote, and after every effort of this sort
has been resorted to, a majority of one hundred
and fifty is found in its favor. Sir, I am not
surprised, and no man will be surprised, that
nearly a two-third vote of the Senate was
against it when it came up first; but it is a
matter of surprise that now it is thought two
thirds of the Senate can be found to vote down
the veto message of the President.
Sir, whatever may be said here or elsewhere
of that message, it goes upon the Journals of
the Senate and becomes a part of history, and
it is sustained by the vote of this Senate when
there were no political ends to accomplish.
This Senate said that under the circumstances
this State ought not to come in, and said it by
a very decided vote. Now, it is claimed that
the veto message can be overridden, not be-
cause the population has grown, not because
these proceedings have become any more
regular, but for some other reason ; and men
will inquire what is the reason. When the
Senator from Ohio led the majority against
this bill a year ago it was well understood
what was the reason. There were not people
enough there firmly established and domiciled
to authorize them to the political power that a
State government would give them in this
Union. That was well understood.
Mr. WADE. The Senator has made the
same argument that he has now made five
times to my certain knowledge, and he has
also stated that I went against this bill, and I
have told him the reasons as often as he has
made it. It was because the Governor of the
Territory, who now opposes its admission, was
guilty of a gross fraud in sending to us not
much more than half the number of inhabitants
that were on the census by substituting a wrong
paper in the place of the true and certified
paper. ^ Therefore I went against it, because
there did not appear to be inhabitants enough
there. When that was corrected by his secre-
tary, andhe showed the amount of the popula-
tion, then I went for it. Now, sir, when you
state that, I wish you would state the whole
of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will state the whole
of it, and I will state to the Senator that the
fact he now speaks of came out long after he
became, the champion of this bill—came out at
this session.
Mr. WADE. No, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. At this session. The
first I heard of that being read in the Senate or
referred to.was in a discussion at this session.
I heard nothing about any report from the sec-
retary at the last session of Congress. But, tak-
ing all the evidence we have, there is no ques-
tion about the population in the Territory.
Sir, I do not care if I have made this argument
five times. If I believe it to be my duty, now
that we come to vote upon the reconsideration
of the question upon the veto message of the
President, I choose to make it again, and upon
that I am answerable to but one authority, and
that authority does not include the distinguished
Senator from Ohio. It is to the million and a
half of people of Indiana, upon whom I regard
this bill as an outrage. I am ready to respond
to them whether I object to the admission of
twenty-seven thousand people as a State or not,
and to the people of Indiana alone.
I do notbelieve, sir, I would vote to admit such
a State with such a population, whatever might
be the party polities of the State. I cannot
believe I would. I do notbelieve there is more
than twenty-seven thousand of a population in
this Territory. I have not believed it; and
the Senator from Ohio caunot prove by any
document that there is more. The late census
does not show more. The census taken this
past year does not show more. The census
taken in 1860 does not show more. The census
in 1861 does not show more. In 1860, when,
according to the census, there were thirty-four
thousand of a population, they had a vote of
ten thousand at the next election. When the
census of 1861 showed twentyjive thousand of
a population, it showed nearly ten thousand of
a vote ; and now you can rally about six thou-
sand voters in the Territory. Tell me there is
an increase of population! It is not so, sir.
Therefore I am against the admission of this
State earnestly, because I think it disturbs
the equality, the fair, just equality of political
power in this country. I do not care when
the vote is taken.
Mr. President, I have felt it to be my duty
to say this. I have said it, and leave the con-
sequence to gentlemen who choose to vote for
or against the bill. _ _ «
Mr. JOHNSON. In making the motion to
postpone the bill until to-morrow I certainly
had not the least purpose to delay unneces-
sarily a vote upon the measure. The import-
ance of the measure no one can question. My
sole object was to enable us to understand ex-
actly the facts stated by the President of the
United States, many of which are new to me,
although they may.not be new to the Senate.
My individual purpose was, therefore, to ascer-
tain for myself what weight, if any, the facts
stated by the President should have upon the
measure; and my other motive was that the
Senate might be full when the question is taken.
I am not about to make a speech twice upon
the same subject. I have, on a former occa-
sion, stated to the Senate why it was that I was
unable to vote for the admission of this State.
The grounds for that opinion remain still; but
it is possible*" that there may be facts stated
by the President which will operate upon the
members of the Senate who have heretofore
differed with me upon that subject. TSTow, he
states what has recently, as I understand, taken
place, that the Legislature of the Territory pro-
test against the admission of the Territory as a
State. There may be 
Mr. FESSENDEN. -1 believe I must inter-
rupt the honorable Senator and call for the*
order of the day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The iriorn-
ing hoi# has expired, and it is the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business of
yesterday.
Mr. WADE. If this subject is to go over, I
move that the veto message be printed, so that
there shall be no argument on that score when
it comes up again.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is what I waa about
to move.  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is mcmid
that the message, with the accompanying doc-
uments, b_e printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. With the consent of the
Senator from Maine, I desire to present a pe-
tition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There being
another subject before the Senate it requires
unanimous consent. Is there any objection?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I must object
to petitions being presented this morning. We
want all the time we can get on this tariff bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it cannot be received.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
69) to provide for the payment of pensioas.
ADMISSION OF HEBRASKA VETO.
During the consideration of the tariff bill a
message was received from the President of
the United States, by; his Secretary, Mr. W. G.
Moore, returning, with his objections in writ-
ing, the bill (S. No. 456) for the admission of
the State of Nebraska into the Union.
TARIFF BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. 718) to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Cattell to amend the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole, on
page 39, section eight, line fifty-one, by strik-
ing out (ith',,('u" ^nrf inserting " fortv: " so
as to read:
On nickel, forty cents per pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The yeas and nays
were ordered on that question, I believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ca.tt.ell, Chandler, Cowan, Ores-
well, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Howe, Lane, Morrill,
Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, van Yvinlue,
Watte, and Willey—1(3.
KAYS—Messrs. Davis, Doohttle, Edmunds, Fea-
senden, Fogg, Foster. Grimes, Harris, Henderson.
Hendricks, Morgan, Nesmith, Norton, Patterson,
Poland, ltamsey, Saulsbury, Stewart, \Vnuams,
Wilson, and Yates—21. _ . .
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Brokalew,
Cormcss, Cra^in, Dixon, Guthrie, Howard. Johnson,
Kirkwood, McDougall, Nye, Pomeroy, Riddle, and
Ross—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CATTELL. I now move to amend the
bill by striking out, in line fifty-four of section
eight, on page 40, the words "ten per cent.
ad valorem," and inserting "thirty cents per
pound; " so as to make the clause read :
On nickel matte, speiss, or oxide, thirty cents per
pound.
I believe this amendment meets the appro-
bation of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance. Its object is to prevent frauds on
the revenue, for this is nickel almost in a per-
fect state, and requires about the same rate of
duty as upon the nickel itself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that is right.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 66 1 move to
