822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
strike out line three hundred atid sixty-seven
of section nine, in these words:
On acetate of lead, or sugar of lead, ten cents per
pound.
It is provided for in another part ofifche bill.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
eighteenth section, the free list, by adding to
line fifty-one, on page 100, "and rough dia-
monds so as to make the line read:
Diamond dust or bort, and rough diamonds.
4|hc amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There are three
or four amendments which have been submit-
ted to the commissioner, and I think meet with
his approval, which I will suggest. On page 31,
line one hundred and forty of section seven, I
move to strike out " two and a half" and insert
"three." This raises the duty "on wrought-
iron washers, nuts, bolts, or rivets, wholly or
partially finished of all descriptions, punched
or unpunched," from two and a half to three
cents per pound, because the material out of
which they are made has a duty of two and a
half cents a pound imposed upon it, as will be
seen by looking at page 27, from the forty-first
to the forty-ninth lines of the same section.
My motion is simply to make the duty on the
manufactured article half a cent more than the
duty on the material out of which it is manu-
factured.
The amendment to the amendment was
1 to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. On page 34 I
move to strikeout " six," inline two hundred
and seventeen of section seven, and insert
"eight;" so as to make the clause read?
On steel carriage-springs, eight cents per pound.
This has also been submitted to the com-
missioner. It is utterly impossible for the
springs to be manufactured here with no
greater duty than six cents a pound. If there
is any objection to the amendment I will give
the reasons for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought the amend-
ment the Senator proposed to offer there was
to affect the definition.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. That is another
one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not object to
making the specification more definite, but I
do object to raising the duty. 1 think six
cents is high enough.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is found im-
possible to manufacture these springs here at
less than twenty cents -per pound; and they
can be manufactured in Canada, where the
steel is admitted free of duty, and come in
here at seventeen and a half cents after pay-
ing our duty of six cents. The object of this
increased duty is to apply principally to the
imports from Canada where the steel is im-
ported free ; and it is necessary, as I-am told
by many manufacturers of springs, for their
protection. There is a class of springs made
of poor material which can be made for seven-
teen and a half cents, as cheap as those that
are imported from Canada; but good springs,
those which are generally used, cannot be
manufactured and sold for less than twenty
cents a pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sen-
ator that perhaps the House of Representa-
tives may adhere to its original idea with ref-
erence to this item. It was put in the House
bill at eight cents a pound. The Finance
Committee thought six cents enough Per-
haps the Senator had better let it stand at that,
ana it the other House insist upon their orig-
iual rate the matter will be arranged on some
fair basis. I have no objection to putting on
such a duty as will afford th«,protection needed,
and the impression of the committee was that
six cents a pound was sufficient. I do not feel
authorized, therefore, to accede to the amend-
ment. I presume, if the case is as the Senator
states, the House of Representatives will ad-
here to their original rate probably, as fixed
in the bill, and then the difference will have to
be arranged.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The insistment
of these manufacturers was ten cents a pound.
A good deal of investigation was made in the
House, and they finally fixed the rate at eight
cents. Nothing has been altered in this bill
so as to create any propriety in lessening the
amount; and I think the Senate had better fix
this rate at what will be considered just, espe-
cially as there is no serious opposition to the
amendment from the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is not,
perhaps, aware that the rates on iron are very
considerably decreased from those fixed in the
House bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But these springs
are manufactured from steel.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a decrease in
the duty on steel in this bill from that fixed by
the House of Representatives ; and this item
was arranged to correspond with that decrease
of duty.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But the Senate
will also remember that the decrease of gold
is very great since the House passed the bill,
which more than compensates for any decrease
in the duty on steel. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 15 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattoll, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cowan, Crasrin, Creswell, Dixon, Edmunds, Fos-
ter, Frelingliuysen, Harris, Johnson, Sprague, Van
Wmkle, Waife.and WiJley—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis. Fessenden, Grimes. Hen-
derson, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Norton, Poland
Saulsbnry, Sherman, Sumner, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—15.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Doolittle,
Fogg, Fowler, Guthrie, Hendricks, Howard, Howe,
Kirkwood, Lane, McDougall, Nye, Patterson, Pom-
croy, Ramsey, liiddle, Ross, Stewart, and Trumbull
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move now to
amend the seventh section, on page 34, by in-
serting after the word "carriage," in line two
hundred and seventeen, the words "railroad-
car, locomotive, wagon, and truck; " and after
"springs" the words '"wholly or partially fin-
ished ;" so as to make the clause read:
On steel carriage, railroad-car, locomotive, wagon
and truck springs, wholly or partially finished, eight
cents per pound.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. I voted against the other
amendment proposed by the Senator from New
Jersey, and upon the same ground I oppose this
amendment. In the State in which 1 live we
use carriages, and we purchase them from per-
sons who manufacture them upon this side of
the continent, and I do not know how much
more they desire to add to the price of wagons
than we are now^ compelled to pay. Certainly
the prices at this time are enormous; and I
know of no reason why the manufacturers of
these articles may not make theui under the
existing tariff and be compensated by the prices
they now receive.
_ But in addition to the imposition of an addi-
tional duty on carriage-springs, an effort is
now made to strike at the railroad interests of
the country, in which the people of the Pacific
coast and the West are deeply interested. So
far as I am concerned, I am determined to
oppose these exorbitant duties upon the mate-
rials out of which the railroads of the country
are _ constructed ; and if there is much more
additional duty put upon these articles, not-
withstanding the fact that I am one of the com-
mittee who concurred in the report of this bill,
I shall vote against the whole of it, because
there is a limit beyond which the manufactur-
ers ought not to go in the burdens which they
impose upon the consumer? of the country.
In this respect the people of the State which
I have the honor in part to represent here are
altogether consumers, so far as wagons are
concerned, and they will be so far as the mate-
rials and articles which enter into the construc-
tion of railroads and railroad cars are con-
cerned. It is for the development of the coun-
try, and the promotion of its best interests that
these articles, which are necessay for the con-
struction and. operation of railroads, should
not be put at such exorbitant prices as to check
and impede their construction. And I have
heard no representation made here to satisfy
me that the persons who are engaged in the
manufacture of these articles are not now
engaged in a lucrative business.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The object of
this amendment, allow me to say to the Sen-
ator, is not to increase in any way the cost of
or the duty on springs. It is a mere matter
of construction of the report of the committee,
the committee having intended that the term
"carriage springs" should apply to all kinds
of carriages, railroad, truck, and wagon; and
when I suggested the amendment I stated that
it was meant simply to remove a doubt as to
the signification of the term " carriage springs,''
so as not to leave it open to controversy. This
amendment is not to raise the duty, but merely
to explain and make clear what the committee
intended by their report.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that the
amendment puts the articles enumerated in it
under a tariff of eight cents per pound, and that
certainly is adding a duty to the one that was
reported by the committee. I object to this
additional duty upon these articles; and I un-
derstand that if this amendment be adopted
these materials which are used in the construc-
tion of railroad cars will pay eight cents per
pound, while under the report of the commit-
tuc they would pay only six cents per pound.
It is to that increase of duty that 1 object. I
object to it because it is adding greatly and
unnecessarily, as it seems to me, to the bur-
dens of the consumer, and because there is no
sufficient evidence to my mind that this addi-
tional duty is necessary to enable the men who
are engaged in the manufacture of these ar-
ticles to prosecute their business; but it is
simply taking so much money out of the pock-
ets of the people on the Pacific coast and in
the West and putting it into the pockets of the
manufacturers of those articles. That is all
there is in it, in my opinion. I know that I
am not altogether advised as to the condition
of these manufacturing establishments; but
before we proceed to impose this additional
duty I think there should be some other show-
ing than the one that has been made.
The tariff upon iron, as proposed by the
House bill, was reduced by the report of the
committee, and the tariff upon steel as proposed
by the House bill was likewise reduced. Iron
and steel are ingredients from which these arti-
cles are made; and yet, notwithstanding the
reduction made upon the proposed tariff in re-
gard to the materials, you still propose to put
the articles up to the same duty that was fixed
in the House bill. I think as this part of the
bill was altogether arranged so as to harmonize
and systematize all these things the report had
better be left in its present condition.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The amendment
now before the Senate, as I understand it, is
not to increase the duty on anything; it is to
to give construction to the word "carriage-
springs," that term being intended to apply to
wagon-springs, car-springs, and truck-springs.
Unless the word "carriage-springs" does apply
to these different kind of springs, there is no
duty at all on railroad car and truck springs.
My amendment is simply a construction of the
language used in the bill, which I understand
was accepted by the committee. I ask for the
yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 19; as follows.-
YEAS —Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Chandler,
v terW?r,e m^sen' Rid<"e, Saulsbury,
PNAgvl'Z'5?00VVmk,le> *Vad0. an<i Willey—12.
r< ^essrs-Brqwn, Davis, Fessenden, Fogg,
D f(mcs' JI.,Jrr13' Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan,
t v, ?irs?x?!,£amscy. Sherman, Stewart, Sum-
ItXito't lUiams. and Yates-19.
n ii ^essr.s- AnUiony, Conness, Cowan,Cra-
S ■Sresjr® i* -Pophtile, Edmunds. Guthrie, Hender-
son, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, MoDougalU
