1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
together, the women came to me with tears and said,
' We don't want to be married in the church, because
when we are married in the church our husbands treat
lis j ust as old massaused to, and whip us if they think
wedeservcit; butwhenweain'tmarriedinthechnrch
they knows if they tyrannize over us wo go and leff
'em.'"
That is the class of male gentlemen to whom
you propose to give suffrage. These poor
women who have to be whipped if the males
think they deserve it are the people to whom
you deny it. These are the gentlemen who
are to fabricate and make your laws of mar-
riage, who are to fix the causes of divorce in
these several States. These are the men, in
other words, who are to enact, if it so please
them, that upon the marriage the husband be-
comes seized of all his wife's property, of the
personalty absolute and the realty as tenant
by the courtesy; or perhaps they will have no
courtesy about it—and I should not wonder if
they had not—and give it to him in fee.
"And the men"—
I beg the Senate to remember that I am read-
ing the testimony of Mrs. Gage; unexception-
able testimony:
"And the men came to me and said: 'We want you
to compel them to be married, for we can't manage
them unless you do.' "
I am not certain whether they can always
be managed even after they are married.
[Laughter.] But this is worse a great deal
than before.
" 'They goes and earns just as much money as we
doe3, and then they goes and spends it and never
asks no questions. Now we wants 'em married in
the church, 'cause when they's married in the church
we makes 'em mind.' So in San Domingo establish-
ing the laws of marriage made tyranny for these
redeemed slave women."
Mrs. Gage continues:  
" X would not say one word against marriage, God
forbid. It is the noblest institution we have in this
country. But let it be a marriage of equality. Let
the man and woman stand as equals before the law.
Let the freedwoman of the South own the money she
earns by her own labor, and givo her the right of
suffrage; for she knows as much as the freedman.
Bring in these elements, and you will achieve a suc-
cess. But I will stand firmly anddeterminedly against
the oppression that puts the newly-emancipated col-
ored women of South Carolina under the subjection
toher husband required by the marriage laws of South
Carolina. I demand equality on behalf of the freed-
woman as well as the freedman."
I might follow Mrs. Gage further ; I might
detain the Senate here hour after hour reading
extracts from the various speeches and essays
which have been delivered and made upon this
subject within the last few years, ana I may
again make the challenge which I made yester-
day. Let us have a reason why these are not
potent to influence our action. Let us be told
wherein the object of this argument is defective.
Let us be shown why it is, if these things are
rights, natural or conventional, that those who
have interests are not to participate in them.
I listened to the eloquent anS ingenious
remarks of my honorable friend from Maine
[Mr. Mokrill]—old, time-worn, belonging to
the region of paleontology, far behind the
carboniferous era. I would not undertake to
go back there and answer them. All I can do
with them is to refer them to the next meeting
of the Anti-Slavery Society, which more than
likely will meet in Albany or Boston the next
time. There they will be attended to, and
there they will be answered in such satisfactory
phrase, 1 have no doubt, as would pale any
poor effort of mine on the attempt. I have
also listened to my honorable friend from
Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] and still there are
the same ancient foot-prints, the same old
arguments, the same things that satisfied men
thousands of years ago and which never did
satisfy any woman that I know of, the same
traveling continually of the tracks of the lion
into the cave along with his victim, and nulla
retrorsum vestigia, not a step ever came back.
But let me say to my friends that Mrs. Elizabeth
Cady Stanton, Mrs. Frances D. Gage, Miss
Susan B. Anthony are upon your heels. They
have their banner flung out to the winds; they
are after you; and their cry is for justice and
you cannot deny it. To deny it is to deny the
perpetuity of your race.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to this Dis-
trict and this city, here is a fair proposition.
It proposes to confer upon all persons above
the age of twenty-one years the right to par-
ticipate in. the city government. Is any one
afraid, of it? Is my honorable friend from
Maine afraid of it? He says it shall be con-
fided to the males. He and my friend from
Oregon have gone on to tell you that the white
males of this city are in a very bad condition,
indeed some of them in such a terrible con-
dition that we are called upon to pass a bill of
attainder, or a bill of pains and penalties, and
a little ex post facto law in order to reach their
tergiversations and perverseness. If that be
true, why not incorporate some other element?
I do not know much about the female portion
of the negroes of this District except what I
have seen, and I must confess that although
there are a great many respectable persons
among the negroes, and many for whom I
have considerable regard, yet as a mass they
have not impressed me as being a very high
style of human development.
When I look along the pavements and about
the walks and see them lounging, I am free to
say that, without having been previously en-
lightened on the subject by so much as we have
heard upon it recently , I should have had great
doubts about conferring on them the right of
suffrage. And when I reflect that they have
to have a Freedmen's Bureau to make their
contracts for them and to keep them in order,
and it is said to protect them against.the
enmity of their white neighbors, even where
they have a majority, or nearly a majority, I
am not strengthened in my partiality for them
by that. And when I reflect that just about
this time last year we had great hesitation
about adjourning for fear that the people rep-
resented by these males who are now to be
invested with the franchise were in an actually
starving condition in this District, and that the
chief authorities of the District, moved, I have
no doubt, by that humanity which ought to
characterize everybody, investigated the mat-
ter and reported to us, we were obliged to
appropriate $25,000 to relieve them in their
immediate wants; I do not think that speaks
so well for the male portion of the African
population of this city.
I believe if it were to come to the last resort
that the female Africans of the District of Co-
lumbia have more merit, more industry, more
of all that which is calculated to make them
good and virtuous members of society than the
males have. Why should you not throw them
in ? Why should you throw this batch of males
into the ballot-box without any countervailing
element which wonld be efficacious to qualify
it and make it better?
To me it is perfectly plain. I have recon-
ciled my mind to negro suffrage, but while I
reconcile myself to negro suffrage as inevitable,
I hold it to be my bounden duty to insist upon
female suffrage at the same time. I am happy
to say that in this opinion I am not alone;
that while I favor universal suffrage limited by
the age of twenty-one years so far, there are
others who have been led to this same train of
thought with myself. I beg, therefore, to read
a letter dated Jefferson. Ohio, November 14,
| 1866:
} Madam : Yours of the 9th instant is received, and
! X desire to say in reply that I am now and ever have
! been the advocate of equal and impartial suffrage to
all citizens of the United States who have arrived at
the age of twenty-one years, who are of sound mind,
and who have not disqualified themselves by the
commission of any offense, without any distinction
i on account of race, color, or sex. Every argument
j that ever has been or ever can be adduced to prove
that males should have the right to vote applies with
| equal if not greater force to provo that females should
I possess the same right; and were I a citizen of your
; State X should labor with whatever of ability I pos-
j sess to ingraft these principles in its constitution.^
| Yours, very respectfully, B. F. WADE.
! To Susax B. Anthony, Secretary of ^Imericau Equal
i Rights Association.
Now, Mr. President, I ask whether this has
not an orthodox sanction at least. I should
like to know who would question, who would
dare to question, the orthodoxy of the honora-
ble Senator from Ohio, and who dares tell mo
that this is such a novelty that it is not to be
introduced here as serious, as in earnest? Sir,
I say that I am perfectly in earnest, and I say
that if this amendment be incorporated in this
bill I shall vote for it with all my heart and
soul. I beg to be understood that I would not
inaugurate the movement, I would not make
the change by my own mere motion, because
I would not venture upon the change any-
where. That change must rise out of, spring
out of, and come up from society generally.
It is that thing which the poet has called the
vox populi, and which .he likens to the vox
Dei. When the community spontaneously'
demands this call, when the community spon-
taneously demands this action, I yield to it.-
It is so in this instance. While I -yield to
the demand for negro suffrage, I demand at
the same time female suffrage; and when I
yield to the question of manhood suffrage, F
feel assured I throw along the antidote to all
the poison which I suppose would accompany
the first proposition.
I am not afraid of negro suffrage if yon
allow female suffrage to go hand in hind with
it. I believe that if there is any one influence
in the country which will break down this tribal
antipathy, which will make the two races one'
in political harmony and political action, not
in actuality as races by amalgamation, but
which will induce that harmony and that co-
operation which may bring about the highest
state, perhaps, of social civilization and devel-
opment, it is the fact that woman and not man
must interfere in order to smooth the pathway
for these two races to go along harmonionsly
together. And it is for that reason that I in-
sist that when you do make this step, this step
forward which once made can never be re-
trieved, you must do that other thing which
assures its success after it is made. Let the
negro male vote now, and you open the arena
of strife and contention; let both sexes vote,
and then you close'that arena of strife, you
bring in that element which subdues all strife,
which has made America what she is, which
has made the American political meeting,
which has made the American political con-
vention, not the scene of strife or angry conten-
tion, where armed men met together to settle
political differences, as in the Polish Diet, but
a convention where all were subjected to rea-
son, influenced, as it might properly be, by
eloquence and by that " feast of reason" which
is " the flow of the soul" to those who enjoy
it. And therefore, Mr. President, I beg to
assure everybody, and especially my honorable
friend from Rhode Island, who agrees with me,
I know,' upon this topic, that I am serious and
in earnest in urging this amendment; in dead
earnest, in good earnest, and why not? I am
not so blind as to mistake the signs of the
times.
I might have refused to believe long ago
when my honorable friend from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] predicted that this was coming. I
might have disbelieved when my honorable
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsox] pre-
dicted this was coming; when he blew his bugle
blast and announced what an army was coming
behind to enforce his doctrine and his princi-
ples. I might, like Thomas of old, have
doubted; but now I have had my fingers in
the very wounds of which he spoke. I know
of a certainty now that this movement is in
progress and that this movement will go on.
1 know of a certainty that black men must vote
in the District of Columbia. Who can doubt
| it? Those who are in favor of that measure
;; here are in force sufficient to carry it constitu-
j: tionally beyond all question. Well, if it is to
1 be I am reconciled to it, but at the same time
I want to throw about it as many safeguards
as are possible under the circumstances, and
among those safeguards I think that of allow-
ing females suffrage to be not only the best
but the only one which will bo efficacious in
this behalf.
Mr. President, I have trespassed, a great
deal longer upon the Senate than I intended.
I beg to return my thanks for the indulgence
