1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
Morrill, Nesmith, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ross, and
Wilson—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. On page 22, in line ten of
section six I move to strike out " twenty-five"
and '' fifty," so as to read "on Russia, Manila,
Italian, and all other hemps, unmanufactured,
fifty dollars per ton.
In line twelve I move to raise the duty on
tow of flax or hemp from five dollars to twelve
dollars per ton ; in line fourteen, to make the
duty on jute, unmanufactured, and Sisal-grass
twenty dollars instead of five dollars a ton; in
line twenty-six to make the duty on cordage
and rope ten cents instead of three cents per
pound; and in line thirty-two to add to the
specific duty on gunny-cloth, gunny-bags, &c.,
an ad valorem duty of thirty per cent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator wish his proposition to be regarded as
one amendment or as separate propositions?
Mr. DAVIS. Let the question be taken on
all the propositions together.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I have moved a group of
amendments that are restricted to a very small
space in the bill, all the subjects of which are
so closely and intimately united that they may
be considered together. With the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson,] I concede
that as abstract propositions or in connection
and as parts of a well-arranged tariff bill, the
propositions of increase that I make ought not
to be allowed; but in connection with the hill
under consideration I consider them altogether
proper and legitimate ; indeed, I know them
to be below the rate of protection that is gen-
erally afforded by the bill to the interests pro-
tected by it.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that this
tariff bill has been framed in support of a few
leading and controlling interest with the pur-
Eose of giving an undue amount, if not a pro-
ibitory protection, to certain classes of capi-
tal and industry at the expense of all other
interests. Hemp, in any of its forms, does not
enter into this ring of high protection. On
the contrary, the interests of hemp are among
those to which are assigned the lowest protec-
tion by this bill.
All the propositions to amend it have been
to get higher protection for particular local in-
terests. Gentlemen seem to be merely playing
the game of grab. They are dissatisfied with
the amount of protection that the bill proposes
to give to their special interests, and they make
a dash to capture a little more. I confess that
I am acting upon the same principle, but not
being an adept in the game I am apprehen-
sive that I shall play it without any result or
advantage to my constituents. Nevertheless I
maintain that the just proportionate pro rata
protection that hemps as articles specified in my
amendment ought to receive, in comparison
with the oth er interests that are protected by this
bill, are greatly too low. Now, Mr. President,
I propose in connection with my amendment
at this time to move to commit the bill to the
Committee on Finance, with instructions to
examine and consider it in connection with the
laws to provide internal revenue and the laws
imposing duties on foreign importations, and
that the committee shall report bills reducing
the aggregate amount of taxes imposed by those
laws in the sum of at least §100,000,000.
Mr. President, it is my purpose thus to sug-
gest a decided movement in the regulation of
American industry, and the taxes imposed
upon the people and the produce of our reve-
nue laws. I wish this bill to be recommitted
with the command of the Senate to the Com-
mittee On Finance to consider it, in connection
with all existing laws imposing duties both on
foreign imports and internal taxes, as a reve-
nue system, by reducing the amount of taxes
by all existing laws not less than $100,000,0j0,
and then readjusting the laws imposing duties,
imports, and internal taxes, so to give to the
people not less than that amount of reduction.
Sir, ought not such a policy as that to be
entered upon at once? Will not the receipts
under the revenue laws now in operation
authorize that amount of general reduction in
the taxes of the people? What was the pro-
duce of the revenue laws last year? 1 am
indebted for most of the facts I am about to
state to my learned and industrious friend, the
Senator from Missouri. He has proceeded,
with his usual diligence and accuracy, to col-
lect and collate these facts, and he has presented
them to the Senate in connection with argu-
ments and views so forcible that to my mind
his positions and conclusions ought to receive
the immediate assent of the Senate.
As the reports of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury show, the produce of our revenue laws the
last fiscal year was $558,000,000 and a frac-
tion. The honorable Senator from Missouri
gives us a statement of the produce of the first
quarter of the present fiscal year, and also in-
cluding a period of five months; and the same
rate of receipts for the whole year, its aggre-
gate would be the rise of $540,000,000.
Now, what is the object of the bill? It is to
increase the taxes upon foreign importations.
But for that object the bill would not have
been devised. Its friends do not attempt to
disguise that the purpose is, by increasing taxes
upon certain articles, and numerous articles,
to give an additional protection to the pro-
ducers of those and similar articles at home.
Notwithstanding the laws imposing taxes now
in existence during the last fiscal year raised
$558,000,000, and this fiscal year promise cer-
tainly to produce $540,000,000, yet the meas-
ure under consideration has been devised still
further to swell receipts into the Treasury by
imposing additional heavy taxes upon the peo-
ple in the form of additional duties on foreign
imports, varying from twenty to forty per cent.
Is that sound policy? Is it good statesman-
ship? Is it true and able financiering? I be-
lieve it was Peter Pinderwhosaid that "there
is nothing certain but death and taxes;" and
if Wolcot were now living he would have sug-
gested at least another proposition in relation
to the United States: which is the most terri-
ble—death or the taxes of our people? They
are taxed nearly five hundred and fifty million
dollars by our existing laws, and the majority
in Congress propose still further to pile up upon
them. No people were ever before so burdened
and ground down by taxes. The cry is, still
they come!
I have before me the estimates of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury of the public expendi-
tures for the passing fiscal year, and they
exhibit only an aggregate of §328,000,000.
That is the amount which he gives as the
proximate necessary amount of revenue re-
quired for all the purposes of the Government
within the passing fiscal year. When we are
just out of a great war, when the industry of
the country in all its branches, and especially
in the middle and southern States, has been so
greatly disorganized, and when the people are
groaning under the weight of such enormous
taxation, and when the Secretary of the Treas-
ury only estimates that $328,000,000 are ne-
cessary for this year to answer all the purposes
of the Government, I ask why is it that new
bills to burden the people with still more
taxes are devised ?
Sir, there is no pretext of any necessity for
it. It springs from a sectional and monop-
olizing spirit—a spirit to rob the many for the
benefit of the few; a spirit that exacts from
the industry of the producer and the laborer
for the purpose of adding to the wealth of the
capitalist, the manufacturer, growers of wool,
and the great manufacturers of iron. It is im-
possible that this aspect of the case can be dis-
guised. It is reflected by the official papers
from the Treasury Department, and it shows
that the people of the United States are being
taxed to the amount of about one half of five
hundred and forty million dollars above every
legitima,te demand of the Government. As
was intimated by the Senator from Missouri,
this appetite for protection is not sated, but
it grows by what it feeds on. The more pro-
tection that is given above a certain whole-
some and legitimate point the more is ren-
dered necessary. The best protection in my
judgment, in addition to moderate duties to
prevent ruinous competition with foreign labor,
is a moderate amount of capital, industry,
manufacturing skill, economy, and cheap sub-
sistence. They are the elements of cheap pro-
duction, ofprosperous manufacturing interests,
and of a prosperous people generally. They
are principles upon which the whole country
flourishes and grows wealthy, without any in-
justice or oppression from one interest upon
another.
The taxes of the country amount annually,
as_ I have said, to over five hundred and fifty
million dollars. This enormous amount of taxes
enters into the general aggregate of the prices
of almost everything. It is an onerous burden
upon all the people, and particularly upon the
producers and the laborers, who constitute the
great mass of the consumers and the tax-payers.
If Congress now should remove an aggregate
of $150,000,000 of taxes from this people, as it
well might, what a great amount of relief would
be afforded to them! If a reduction of but
$100,000,000, as contemplated by my motion,
should be made, the whole country would be
made to breathe easier by it. But the abolition
of an aggregate of $150,000,000 would leave
$50,000,000 annually of surplus revenue, and
that would be enough not only to meet all con-
tingencies, but to make other and large reduc-
tions of the public burdens. *
Sir, we have had a most deplorable view of
our industrial interests given in the decay of
our shipping, the decrease of our tonnage;
our commercial marine, which was once the
largest that floated on the ocean, now being
reduced more than fifty per cent. What have
the Senator from Vermont and the Senator
from Michigan told us ? What we all know and
what all the gentlemen here tell us who want
further protection: that labor and production
are so costly in the United States that our prod-
ucts cannot come into competition with the for-
eign product and foreign labor. The honorable
Senator from Vermont told us that while the
laborers in the British Provinces were work-
ing in the stone quarries at from seventy-five
cents to one dollar per day, in his State they
were charging three and four dollars. The same
statement was made by the Senator from Mich-
igan in relation to the laborers in that State.
It has been said here again and again, and
seems to be conceded by everybody, that a
mechanic or laborer skilled in the highest
workmanship of manufacture wants from four
to five dollars per day, while the European
laborer of the same class only gets about one
fourth or one fifth of the same wages. Why
is it, then, that our manufactures and laborers
are no longer able to compete with the manu-
facturers and laborers of the world as hereto-
fore in our market, with the same amount of
reasonable protection that they were wont to
receive in former years? Why is it? As you
informed us, sir, there is but one principal
ship on the stocks now in the United States.
Why is it that our vast magnificent commercial
marine is diminishing to such an extent as to
be the shame ajid the great loss of the whole
country? It is because of the enormous amount
of taxation that is bearing down the labor and
the enterprise of our people; because it op-
presses not only their capital and their pro-
duction, but verv labor and subsistence.
Why is it that the man in New Brunswick can
afford to work at one dollar or seventy-five
cents a day, and a man in Michigan or in Ver-
mont must have from throe to five dollars
per day? What are the elements of the cost
of labor? Independent of the time and muscle
of the laborer, there is principally his subsist-
ence and the subsistence of his family. Every-
thing upon which he can live, that is to sus-
