1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
rights which they have under the law, and he
gives as reason for it that they have commit-
ted a crime. What can-be plainer than that. ?
Mr.MORRILL. No such thing. We say
simply because they cannot be trusted; that
is ail.
Mr. COWAN. I know what the honorable
Senator simply says, and I know what anybody
may simply say. but that does not alter the
thing. You cannot make that which is punish-
ment to be not punishjnent. by merely saying
"I do no.t intend it as a punishment." That
will not do. The thing is a punishment, and I
have the highest authority for saying so. I have
that authority here before nje. At one time
there was a motion made in the other House
to inquire of Mr. Webster how he disposed of
the secret service money of the Government,
and in the debate which followed upon that
occasion John Quincy Adams, than whom I
suppose no man could be higher authority as
a learned man, as a jurist, as a statesman, as
among the head and front of men of whom
American citizens are proud, said that the de-
privation of the right of suffrage he considered
the highest punishment that oould be inflicted
upon a man ; and yet here in the broad light
of day, in the open Senate, among the 6lite of
American men, if there be such a thing, a Sen-
ator gets up and asserts that this thing which
would sting an honorable man to the quick,
which would debase and degrade him, which
would stigmatize his children, which would
wound him beyond the pangs of death, in the
language of J cftin Quincy Adams, that this is
no punishment. Why, Mr. President, it is
impossible to carry the absurd and the ridicu-
lous beyond that.
No punishment! No punishment to ostra-
cise a inan! No punishment to deprive a man
of that right, the highest and the holiest, and
most sacred which the law has cast upon him!
No punishment to deprive him of it! Mr.
President, it is the highest punishment known
to the law even when it is inflicted by due
process of law! Was it no punishment to the
Sepoy that if he bit off the end of a greased
cartridge he should become a pariah, that he
should be thrown out from his caste, that he
should be disqualified among his sect? It was
that which made the recent rebellion in India.
Talk about its being no punishment! To say
that it is no punishment is to insult the com-
monest, plainest principles of our reason. It
is to suppose that a man is destitute of nerves;
it is to suppose that feeling within him has
been paralyzed and made incapable of being
wounded by any indignity.
Mr. President, I am sorry that it has been
necessary for me to argue this question. I
agree with gentlemen that this is within the
control of the community. I have said so. I
say that the community of Pennsylvania by a
convention of her people, or by the legal mode
pointed out in her constitution for- its amend-
ment, may deprive large classes of citizens of
their franchise, and there is no punishment in
it, there is no disgrace in it; but I declare
to-day that the Legislature of Pennsylvania
cannot with all its sovereignty and with all the
rights conferred upon it take away from the
kumblest citizen of Pennsylvania his right
to the franchise by way of punishment and
because he has been guilty of any offense.
Mr. President, I have only to recall to the
recollection of the Senate, and especially to
the recollection of the honorable Senator from
Maine, that which transpired at the last ses-
sion. A question arose in this body whether
it were competent for Congress to deprive those
who had taken an active part in the recent
rebellion of their right of suffrage. What law-
yer ever had any doubt upon that question ?
And what was it that drove the committee of
reconstruction, in order to avoid the difficulty
and to overcome the barrier interposed by the
Constitution, to resort to a constitutional
amendment? If the third clause, I believe it
is, of that constitutional amendment could
have been enacted by Congress, where was the
ireoessity for making it a constitutional amend-
ment? Only that necessity which was recog-
nized by all lawyers who said that under our
Constitution it would be in the nature of a bill
of pains and penalties which was forbidden;
or m another aspect of it, it would be an ex
■post facto law, imposing a penalty for a crime
which had been before that time committed ;
and therefore it was that the high prerogative
of sovereignty exercised by the American peo-
ple in the amendment of their Constitution
was invoked to avoid that very difficulty. Now,
I ask the honorable Senator from Maine if this
was a thing not in its nature penal, not partaking
ofthe character of punishment, within the ordi-
nary scope of legislative action, why was it that
rebels were not disfranchised simply by act of
Congress? Why was it necessary to resort to
an amendment of the Constitution to achieve
it? I can state to the honorable Senator that
it was because of the legal sense of his com-
peers ; it was the weight of the obligations of
the Constitution upon his compeers which
compelled them to resort to that mode of
achieving the purpose which he now proposes
to achieve in the face of the Constitution.
Well, now, Mr. President, I desire to answer
another question of the Senator. He alleges
that I am not serious in the amendment I have
moved, that I am not in earnest about it. How
does he know ? By what warrant does he under-
take to say that a brother Senator here is not
serious, not'in earnest. I should like to know
by what warrant he undertakes to do that.
He says I do not look serious. I have not
perhaps been trained in the same vinegar and
persimmon school, [laughter;] I have not been
doctrinated into the same solemn nasal twang
which may characterize the gentleman, and
which may be considered to be the evidence
of seriousness and earnestness. I generally
speak as a man, and as a good-natured man, I
think. I hope I entertain no malice toward
anybody. But the honorable Senator thinks
that I want to become a Radical. Why, sir,
common charity ought to have taught the hon-
orable Senator better than that. I think no
such imputation, even on the part of the most
virulent opponent that I have, can withany just-
ice be laid to my door. I have never yielded
to his radicalism ; I have never truckled to it.
Whether it be right or wrong, I have never
bowed the knee to it. Prom the very word
"go" I have been a conservative; I have
endeavored to save all in our institutions that
I thought worth saving.
I suppose, in the opinion of the gentleman,
I have made sacrifices ; I suppose I am in
the condition of Dr. Caius: "I have had
losses." Certainly, if any man has given
evidence of the sincerity of his doctrines,
I have done so; I have lost all of that,
perhaps, which the Senator from Maine
may think valuable; I have lcJst all the feath-
ers that might have adorned my cap by oppo-
sition to radicalism; and now I stand perfectly
free and independent upon this floor; free, as
I supposed, not only from all imputation of
interest, but free from all imputation of dis-
honor. I am out of the contest. If I had
chosen to play the Radical; if I had chosen to
out-Herod Herod, I could have out-Heroded
Herod perhaps as well as the honorable gen-
tleman, and I could have had quite as stern
and vigorous a following as he or any other
man, more than likely without asserting any
very large amount of vanity to myself, [Mr.
Morrill rose ;} but now, when I stand here,
as I think, free, unquestionably free from all
imputation either of interest or dishonor, to bo
told this is  If the Senator wants to say
anvthing, I will hear him.
Mr. MORRILL. The honorable Senator
will allow me to say that I do not think this
line of argument is open to him, because to-day
once or twice he certainly repeated that this
was a race of radicalism and he did not intend
to be outdone. My remark was predicated
simply on the assumption of the honorable
Senator that he was disposed to enter into the
race, and rather in a disposition to wolcome
than discourago him.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I agree thai
if yon will allow the gentleman to put argu-
ments in my mouth and to furnish me theories
as his fancy paints them, he can demolish them.
I will not agree that he is my master in any
particular; out I do agree that be can take a
pair of old pantaloons out in the country and
stuff them and make a man of straw, ana thai
be can overthrow it and trample upon it and
kick it about with the utmost impunity. But
I do not choose to allow the honorable Senator
to make either my theories or my arguments,
nor do I allow him to make quotations from me
unless he does it fairly. I* gave utterance to
no such idea as that which he has just attributed
to me. I did not say that in this race of radi-
calism I was determined to be in front. I said
no such thing. I said that there was an onward
movement, that I yielded to that movement,
and that while I yielded to it against my own
better opinion that any change was impolitic,
yet that change was inevitable, I wanted it to
be as perfect as possible and I wanted it to 1 .
made with all the safeguards possible.
That was my argument. I said so yesterday;
I said so to-day; i say so now; and 1 appeal to
my friends here who have talked §bout this
onward movement, this progress of things, this
inevitable which was in the future, to stand
now upon their theories and upon their
doctrines. That was my ground, ground simply
stated, and for that I am not to be charged
here with a desire to conciliate the honorable
gentleman or his faction or his party, or any
other party in this country. Mr. President, I
am not a proud man, I hope; not a vain man,
I hope; but I would rather be deprived of the
right of suffrage, high punishment as it is, I
would rather suffer all the penalties that would
be inflicted even by the most malignant law-
giver than to cower or cringe or yield to any-
thing of mortal mold on this planet, except
by duress and by force. No man dare charge
me with that. I have endeavored to act here
as an honest man feeling his own responsibili-
ties, feeling the responsibilities of the oath
upon him when he took it; obliged to interpret
the Constitution as he himself understands it;
feeling that that Constitution was a restraint
upon him, a restraint upon the people, a
restraint upon everybody; that we were sent
here for the purpose of standing upon it even
against the rage of the people, even against
their desire to trample it under foot. Feeling
all these things, I have stood here and I appeal
to my fellow-Senators to know if any one of
them can say that at any time I have manifested
the smallest disposition to yield in any one
particular. I scorn the imputation; I would
rather have the approval of my own conscience.
I would rather walk in the star-light and look
up to them and to the God who made me free
and' independent, than to seek the highest
station upon the earth by truckling to any man
or any set of people or giving up my free
opinions.
And yet I propose not to be irrational in this
matter. As I said yesterday, and as I said
to-day, I have struggled against change; but
if it is to be made I wish to direct it properly.
I made in my own person, two or three years
ago, a motion which passed this body by, I
think, a vote of precisely two to one—I believe
it was 28 to 14—that the voters of the District
of Columbia should be confined to white males;
but upon that occasion I stated—and the de-
bates will bear me out, I think—that if the
door of the franchise was to be opened, if
it was thought that the safety of the coun-
try required more people to cast ballots, more
people to enjoy this privilege, I would open
it to the women of the country sooner than
I would open it to the negroes. I say so
to-day. You are determined to open it to
the negroes. I appeal to you to open it to
the women. You say there is no danger in
opening it to the negroes. I say there is* no
danger then in opening it to the women. You
say that it is safe in the hands of the negroes.
I say it is equally safe in the hands ot our sis-
ters, and more safe in the hands of our wives
