1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8m
nection with the internal revenue bill, which
has not yet been acted upon. Then the House
will have the whole subject before it, and it
may modify the bill, if we send it there, in a
way to suit itself, and act in accordance with
that modification upon the internal revenue
bill, and then send that to us. That is obviously
the only mode that can be adopted which by
any possibility will accomplish the object of
having this bill, or one like it in any degree,
and an internal revenue bill also, become laws
at the present session.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall vote for this
proposition in the hope that it will defeat this
bill at this session; but I cannot altogether
agree with the statement of the Senator from
Ohio that the reference will furnish no work
for the committee. This bill now is not what
it was when it came from the House ; it is not
at all what it was when it came from the Com-
mittee on Finance into this body. Each Sen-
ator has had his particular proposition, and
amendments have been made upon particular
considerations ; and now hardly any Senator
can tell exactly what this bill is, and what may
be its general effect upon the trade and busi-
ness of the country ; nor indeed can anj of us
tell how the taxes are relatively upon the dif-
ferent things taxed.
But my main purpose in voting for this
motion is to defeat the bill. I am not in favor
of the bill. I think the western country is
taxed enough now. I saw a statement the
other day which I believe in substance, though
it may not be literally true. The statement
was that the products of the western country,
if carried to a market wherever in the worfd
the best prices could be found, could be sold,
and from their proceeds twice as much brought
back to the people of the western States if
there were no tariff as under this proposed
bill. In other words, the earnings of western
labor under this bill will not bring to the peo-
ple of that section half as much of the com-
forts and necessaries of life as if there were no
taxation like this. As a representative of
western labor I could not vote for such a bill.
I would cheerfully vote for a revenue bill, and
am willing reasonably to discriminate in favor
of the industries that have a right to claim dis-
crimination ; but we have undertaken in this
bill to protect every thing. Some minerals
that a good many Senators have never heard
of before have been provided for in this bill.
Why, sir, it is as if we undertook almost to
create minerals.
It is suggested that we shall wait to see what
the House is going to do with the internal rev-
enue system. From that intimation I under-
stand we have got to change the internal taxes
of the country. This is the fourth session that
I have been in this body, and I believe at every
session the revenue system of the Government
has been changed, the internal revenue and
the tariff. Nothing is understood to be fixed,
nothing is stable any longer in this country.
We give an intoxicating support to a particu-
lar industry for a while, ana then we change
the tax upon that, and so prices go up and
come down according to the action of Con-
gress, and Congress changes its action at every
session. My opinion is that the manufactur-
ing interests as well as the agricultural inter-
ests of this country now ask for stability more
than anything else, and I cannot conceive of
anything more vicious than the changing at
every session of Congress of the revenue sys-
tem of the Government.
It has been a remarkable spectacle that we
have witnessed here for a week past. If you
propose to tax a particular article the friends
of that article say, "You must give us a com-
pensation in some other direction.'' If you tax
wool the manufacturer of woolen goods says to
us, "You must tax the manufactured article
from abroad so that we can pay the increased
price upon the raw material and still make
a profit." If you put an internal revenue tax
upon any article of manufacture the producer
of that article will say to us, "You must put a
prohibitory tariff, at least a tariff so prohibit-
ory as to allow us to raise our prices so that
we shall lose nothing by this internal tax;"
and the argument being carried into practical
legislation an entire interest of the country
is exempt from the burdens of Government.
Take the manufacturer of woolen goods. For
the protection of the farmer a duty is imnosed
uponwool. He says at once, "Then put an
additional duty upon manufactured woolen
goods," and he raises his price so as to make
a profit, notwithstanding the increased price
of the wool. Lay an internal tax upon the
manufacturer of woolen goods, and he says at
once, "Increase the tariff so as that my profits
may be the same still," and in the end, accord-
ing to this argument, he is to bear none of the
burdens of Government.
But, Mr. President, I did not intend to go
into the argument of this bill. I do not intend
to discuss it now ; I do not know but that it
will be better that it should pass. I would
like the western people to fairly feel for once
this policy. They have not understood it yet;
but let this bill go into operation and I think
they will understand it. I can say, to gentle-
men that in my opinion from the day a system
is firmly adopted here which taxes western
labor for the benefit of another section of the
country agitation will commence that will not
stop until this system is swept out of existence.
I think the true interest of the manufacturer is
to take such protection as is reasonable, such
as will be agreeable to the people of the west-
ern country, and such as will throw upon all
interests of the country their fair portion of
the public burdens. Why, sir, there is nothing
that is not now agitated in Congress. When
the negro ceases to be agitated here then comes
the tariff, then come the banks, and that ques-
tion is to be agitated—-an abandonment of the
present system of banking—until at this very
hour in the country no man knows what is
going to stand. The banks do not know
whether they dare loan out any money to-day.
They do not know but that next month they
will be required to call in their credits. It
seems to me it is the duty of the Finance Com-
mittee to give the country to understand that
there is something settled, some one thing set-
tled and fixed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend
that if he and other gentlemen will stop talking
so much and making so many amendments we
will settle one thing very soon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The remark of the
Senator does not apply to me at all. I have
offered no amendment to this fcill, and this is
the first time I have occupied the attention of
the Senate for four minutes upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no particular
reference to the honorable Senator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator
refers to the gentlemen on his own side of the
Chamber. It has not been a controversy be-
tween the Senator from Maine and Senators on
this side. It has been a controversy among the
various interests, and it has been a strife as to
what interest can get the better share of this
bill. Everybody can see that. An amendment
comes from one interest, and then a correspond-
ing or compensating amendment must come
from some other interest. It has been a sys-
tem of exchanges, bargain, equalization; and
what there is in the bill now I doubt very much
whether the Senator from Maine has a very clear
understanding of himself; he had, no doubt,
when the bill was reported to the Senate. I
think he will find something to do in correcting
all the inequalities in this bill if it should be
referred to his committee, even if the bill should
ever come back again.
For the interests that I represent here all
that I ask is equal legislation; that when a man
raises some corn or some wheat or cattle or
pork in the western States he shall have some
fair show in the markets of the world. I do
not think this Government was established to
take the profits from profitable labor to build
up unprofitable labor. It is an absurdity in
political economy. If agriculture in this coun-
try is naturally, and because of our condition
and position, profitable, and some other pur-
suit is not profitable, I cannot understand the
wisdom of taking the profits from agriculture
and handing them over to build up a labor that
is not profitable. But, sir, we need a revenue;
we need to maintain the credit o£ the Govern-
ment ; and I think all the eastern interests are
sufficiently protected when we have a revenue
system adjusted with a view to the maintenance
of the public credit.
It seems to me that the condition of the
Treasury to-day ought to attract the attention
of Senators. There is locked up in the Treas-
ury to-day about ninety-three millions of gold.
The tariff already established has brought
into the Treasury $93,000,000 of gold that
no demands upon the Treasury will send out
again into the channels of trade. AVith a cur-
rency of eight or nine hundred million dollars,
nearly one hundred millions, undex*your present
legislation, is locked up.
Now, Senators say we must increase the
tariff, because we are going to fail to meet the
public obligations. Upon what statement of
fact do Senators assume that? The present
tariff has been in existence two years. The
first year it brought into the Treasury between
eighty and ninety million dollars, and during
the fiscal year ending on the 30th of June it
brought in $179,000,000, $90,000,000 more than
during that year could be used, and $40,000,000
more than can be required the next year. And
yet Senators say they are justified inthe opinion
that the present tariff will not meet the demands
of the Government.
The Senator from Ohio asked the question,
what will be the responsibility upon Congress
should we not increase the tariff and should
there be a failure to meet the demands upon
the Treasury 1 Mr. President, I would rather
meet that result than to have a revenue sys-
tem that locks up $93,000,000 of gold in the
public Treasury. I would rather see the Gov-
ernment strained to meet her obligations than
to see her holding in her coffers one ninth of
the currency of the country. We need this
gold now ; we need the currency now, as I
think, to keep up our trade, to keep it well alive,
and I cannot vote for any tariff that proposes
upon the short and unsatisfactory experiment
we have had of the last bill to increase it.
Mr. President, I am in favor of leaving
things for a white as they are. I was not in
favor of the present banking system ; but it is
established; it is fixed upon the country;
business is being carried on under its influence,
and using the currency that it furnishes ; and
I think it is madness at the present time to
disturb it, to agitate it. I cannot agree alto-
gether with many persons in the popular idea
that we must rapidly return to a specie cur-
rency or a specie basis. I think that has to be
done very gradually indeed. As a Democrat,
of course I have been accustomed to the doc-
trine of a specie currency, and that if we have
any paper currency it should be a currency that
could be redeemed at any time in specie; but
we all know thatthat is not now possible without
bringing on a financial crisis; and my judgment
is, that we had better for the present leave the
laws as they are. I would rather vote to reduce
the taxes. When I see such an excess of money
above the present demands of the Govern-
ment brought into the Treasury and locked up
and nobody able to tell what to do with it, I
would rather reduce than increase. No Senator
can to-day tell us what to do with the gold that
is in the Treasury. Some talk about author-
izing the Secretary to sell it in New York. As
soon as he does that he disturbs prices all over
the country, and that is not right.
There are a great many inconveniences
brought about by hasty legislation. The pres-
ent condition of the Treasury, I think, is an
illustration of it. Take the tax upon whisky.
Everybody knows now that it is not only un-
just to the interest, but it is a failure with a
view to revenue. All over the country every-
body believes it was an unjust tax, and there-
fore men will cheat the Government. We all
know that if the tax was-one dollar a gallon
