1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the Senator correct
the description.
Mr. DIXON. I ask the Secretary to read
the amendment again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. DIXON. I understand that these lenses
require to be ground on both sides. At any
rate, there is a great deal of work upon them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a difference.
It is fixed at two dollars per gross pairs on
lenses for spectacles. This amendment should
read "gross pairs," and the description should
be changed. If the Senator will make it read,
" on lenses for stereoscopes, forty per cent, ad
valorem, and, in addition thereto, for lenses
ground and polished on both sides, one dollar
per gross pairs," I will not object to it.
Mr. DIXON. Very well; I ask the Clerk
to make that alteration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so modified, and the question is on the amend-
ment as modified, which will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
On lenses for stereoscopes, one dollar per gross pairs,
and, in addition thereto, forty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not right. It
should read:
On lenses for stereoscopes, forty per cent, ad valo-
rem, and, m addition thereto, for lenses for stereo-
scopes ground and polished on both sides, one dollar
per gross pairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so modified.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill on
page 93, by inserting at the end of section fif-
teen as a new line the following:
On barley, twenty cents per bushel.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will see that
barley is already in.
Mr. GRIMES. I am aware of the condition
it is in. On page 89 there is a clause which
reads:
On barley, not including pearl or hulled, fifteen
cents per bushel.
That was the way the committee reported it
to the Senate, but if I am not mistaken it has
been amended since it came to the Senate by
striking down the duty from fifteen cents to ten
cents. How is that, Mr. Secretary? I wish the
Secretary to read lines thirteen and fourteen
of section fifteen, page 89, as they now stand.
The Secretary. These lines as they have
been amended read:
On barley, not including pearl or hulled, ten cents
per bushel.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a mistake.
Mr. GRIMES. I agree with the Senator
from Ohio that it is a very great mistake to
reduce it from fifteen to ten cents, and I think
it is a greater mistake still not to raise it
from ten cents up to twenty. As I understand
it this bill is intended to promote the interests
of all sections of the country, the laborer and
the agriculturist as well as the manufacturer
and the commercial man. It will be observed
by reference to the bill that the agriculturist
who raises barley if he imports his machinery
from abroad, his rakes, his hoes, his reapers,
and his plows, must pay thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem on the value of the articles, and if
he makes them himself he must pay the enor-
mous duties that we impose upon iron and
steel. But if the Canadian farmer or the
farmer in any of the British Provinces who
raises the same description of barley, which he
sends into the American market to compete
with our barley, chooses to come over into Mas-
sachusetts or Vermont to procure his agricult-
ural implements, there is a drawback under
the bill Of the whole amount of duty that has
been paid for the iron and steel that enter into
the manufacture of those implements. There
is therefore just that extent of advantage given
to the farmer in the British Provinces who'
produces barley against the American farmer
on this side of the line.
This is an article that is produced to a very
considerable extent in the northern States of
the Northwest, in the State in which I live, in
Illinois. Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, find
Wisconsin, and I cannot conceive of any pos-
sible argument that can be urged against this
amendment, unless it be one which might be
considered perhaps a very sound one in the
mouths of temperance men, that according to
the theory of this bill it will so enormously
increase the production of barley that it will
render malt and beer so cheap that it may have
a demoralizing tendency upon the character of
our population. That can be the only possible
argument I think which the Senator from Maine
can urge against raising this duty from ten
cents to twenty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not suppose it
makes any difference in point of fact whether
this duty be ten cents or twenty cents; the
effect on the farmer will be the same; but in
order to take the argument out of the mouth
of the Senator at home in regard to this bill I
will make no objection to this amendment.
Let him have it fixed at twenty cents, and I
hope we shall hear no more about barley.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume now that we
shall hear no more from the honorable Senator
from Iowa as to the selfishness of certain per-
sons who represent particular local interests in
trying to incorporate into this bill legislation
favorable to their particular interests. I find
that the honorable Senator in that respect is
very much like other Senators here. When he
supposes that any portion of the bill touches
the local interests which he represents, he,
like others, is anxious to have the protection
increased. I simply wish to say that hereafter
when this objection is made to propositions of
a like nature I shall plead estoppel upon the
honorable Senator and claim that if this partic-
ular interest, in which he says his State is con-
cerned so deeply, is to be so largely protected,
other interests must have a corresponding pro-
tection.
So far as I ana concerned I object to the
increase of this duty upon barley. I think
fifteen cents per bushel is as much as can be
reasonably demanded. I have heard no com-
plaints that the duty is not sufficiently large;
and the article is one that is used extensively
in the United States in brewing. There is a
vast amount of capital invested in the business
of brewing, and there is a market at good
prices for all the barley that is- raised in the
United States. So far as I know there is no
necessity, to promote tl  interests of the
farmer, that this tax should be added to the
price of barley, and it is absolutely necessary
that importations of this article should bo made
in order to carry on the business of brewing
in the country. I objeet to the increase.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator does not seem
to understand what the bill is as it now stands.
This duty instead of being fifteen cents as he
seems to suppose is put at ten cents a bushel.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It has been changed
without my knowledge or consent.
Mr, GRIMES. The change was made on
the motion of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance. I trust the Senator from Oregon
has relieved his mind on the subject of my
selfishness. All I have to say is that I propose
to make this bill as little incongruous as pos-
sible, even if I do not vote for it; and because
I propose to raise up the duty on wheat or
barley or some other agricultural product that
may be stricken down by the bill to something
like an equality with, or to the level of, the
protection given to the manufacturing interest,
I do not know that I am to be charged with
any peculiar selfishness. There is not a bushel
of barley that will find its way from the State
of Iowa to an eastern market, but this will bo
for the interest of other agricultural portions
of the country where it may be raised.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Iowa that he had better leave this item in
the place where it is in the bill, according to
its alphabetical order. The committee pro-
posed fifteen cents a bushel; if it is now put
at ten cents there must be some mistake.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well; I am content to
strike out "ten" and insert "twenty" at that
place.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was put at fifteen cents
because that is the same rate at which other
agricultural productions are put. j3.a.rley is
cheaper than wheat.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not content witi the
rate fixed on wheat. I want, to raise that, also,
and I trust I shall have the cooperation of th6
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. If really the Senator from
Iowa is afraid that the wheat and barley raised
in Iowa and Ohio cannot compete with wheat
and barley raised in other parts of the world,
I am willing to give them the protection he
desires.
_Mr. GRIMES. I do really think that under
this bill, when you give the agriculturist across
the line in the British Provinces a drawback
upon all that has been expended under .the
bill for the iron and steel that go into the com-
position of his agricultural implementts we are
not capable of competing with the men who
have that advantage over us to the extent that
they may raise agricultural products. If the
Senate will recur to the twenty-first section of
this bill they will see that it provides—
That, from and after the 1st day of April, 1867,
there shall be allowed on the following articles, when
exported, a drawback equal to the amount of duty
paid on the imported materials used in the manufac-
ture thereof, less five per cent, on the amount of such
drawback, which shall be retained for the use of the
United States, and such drawback shall be ascer-
tain ed in accordance with regulations to bo prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, namely: on mow-
ing-machines, reaping-machines, plows, axes, hatch-
ets, scythes, cotton-gins, shovels, spades, hoes, hay
and manure forks, chisels, augers, and carpenters'
tools.
It includes everything they want—the tools
with which they erect a house, the tools with
which they plow the ground and cultivate their
crops. They have that advantage over us, and
surely we on this side of the line should have
some protection. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DIXON. 1 should like to hear the
amendment read as it now stands.
The Secretary. It is proposed in line thir-
teen of section fifteen, page 89, to strike out
'' ten'' and insert '' twentyso as to read:
On barley, not including pearl or hulled, twenty
cents per bushel.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 13; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Conness, Creswell, Dixon, Edmunds,
Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, John-
son, Kirkwood. Lane, Norton, Ramsey, Riddle, Slier-
man, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, "Willey,Wil-
son. and Yates—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cattell, Craxin,
Fogg, Foster, Frelingliuysen, Harris, Morgan, Pat-
terson, Saufsoury, Sprague, and Williams—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cowan. Da-
vis. Doolittle, Fessenden, Guthrie, Howard, McDou-
gn.ll, Morrill, Nesmith, Sye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ross,
and Van Winkle—10.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. There is one injustice in
this bill to which I wish to ask the attention of
the Senate; and that I may bring the Senate
precisely to the point I shall move on page 85,
line twenty-three of section thirteen, to strike
out "$1 50" and insert "fifty cents."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That whole clause has
been stricken out and a new one inserted.
All the words from line seventeen to line
twenty-four have been stricken out.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the Secretary read the
clause that has been inserted.
The Secketary. On page 84, lines seven-
teen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one,
twenty-two, twenty-three, and twenty-four of
section' thirteen were stricken out, and in lieu
thereof these words were inserted:
On candle or canncl coal, and on all-bituminous
coal, Si 50 per ton of twenty-eight bushels, eighty
pounds to the bushel.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to bring back the
provision to where it was before that amend-
ment. I therefore move to insert what in the
original bill is lines twenty-one, twenty-two,
twenty-three, and twenty-four, as follows :
On all bituminous coal, mined and imported from
any place not more than thirty degrees of longitude
east, of Washington, fifty cents per ton of twenty-
eiffht bushels, eighty pounds to the bush of.
