1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1505
intimated that he is acting in disrespect to an
opinion which Congress had a right to express.
It' Congress sees tit to abolish the office, that
is one tiling; but so long as the office continues
1 think he holds it by right and by law.
Mr. IIOWE. I do not dispute that while
that office exists Mr. Harvey is entitled to hold
the office. For my part, 1 shall not quarrel
with him if he continues to hold it. It he is
content to do the work and do it for nothing
it is his legal right to do so. The Senator from
Connecticut suggests that we may rightfully
abolish the office. His argument seems to be
that Mr. Harvey has a vested right in the salary
of the office, but no vested right in the office
itself. So far as his vested rights are con-
cerned, the effect upon Mr. Harvey would be
the same whether we terminated the office or
refused the appropriation. He gets no money;
he is obliged to do no work in either cage.
The honor he will have as long as he stays
there, whatever honor there is in being the
representative of a country which will not pay
him a dime for his services. That he has a
vested right in as long as the President sees fit
to continue it to him, I suppose. But I think
the Senator, if he takes time to consider the
question, will not deliberately affirm that Con-
gress has not the right to withhold appropria-
tions for the payment of this or any other rep-
resentative we have abroad or at home.
Now, as to the question of dignity, if it be
the deliberate opinion of the Senator from Con-
necticut that Mr. Harvey is behaving with any
peculiar dignity, I do not know that I feel
called upon to controvert that opinion. If I
did, I should certainly say I had a different
opinion. I do not precisely see the dignity of
holding on to an office which calls upon him
to represent a country whose representation
that country repudiates. If it were conceded,
if it could be claimed by Mr. Harvey or by his
peculiar friends, that he could better judge of
the value of his services to his country than the
country itself, or than the representatives of !
that country in Congress, then it might be held !
np as an act of magnanimity, of great gene-
rosity, and of even forbearance on the part of
Mr. Harvey to continue in the service of the
country notwithstanding its Legislature repu-
diated his work. But 1 think a modest man,
standing in the place of Mr. Harvey, would
be bound to concede that the Congress of the
United States knew what his services were
worth as well as he could know himself, and
ought to know whether it was worth their while
to continue those services as well as he could
judge of the matter himself; and I think a
modest man would accept such a declaration
as we put upon the statutes last year as a very
plain intimation that the country did not require
his services at that Court, and would acqui-
esce in that judgment. Certainly, if the single
individual who holds the place of President,
only one man of the millions belonging to the
Government of the United States, should con-
vey an intimation that he did not want his
services there any longer, and should select
another man for the place, Mr. Harvey would
not be tolerated in questioning that intimation.
I do not know why the opinion of Congress,
expressed not upon the question of continuing
him there, over which we are not called upon
or allowed to express an opinion, but expressed
upon the question of paying him for gtaying
there, is not entitled to just as much respect
with Mr. Harvey as the opinion of the Presi-
dent expressed in the other way and in the
other direction.
Mr. DIXON. A single word in reply to
the Senator from Wisconsin. I am not un-
willing to admit that there might be circum-
stances in which a modest man would decline
to hold an office when the Legislature of his
country had by solemn statutes provided that
he should not be paid; but althou h it may
seem improper in me to reflect on th; conduct
of Congress, and I do not wish to do so, I am
under the necessity of calling attention to the
peculiar circumstances of this case. I think a
minister abroad has a right to inquire what
39th Cong. 2d Skss.—No. 95.
was his offense. The people have a right to
inquire what was the offense. If Congress see
fit to provide by law that a given minister shall
not receive his salary, he has a right to ask
"Whv? what was my crime?" And when
they say to him, "Your crime was writing a
private, friendly letter to the Secretary of
State with 110 intention of its publication,
what amounted to a private conversation which
you did not intend to have made public, and
for that you are condemned," then he has a
right to say', and it is not inconsistent with
his dignity to say, "I shall continue to hold
my office so long as the law gives me the right
and the power to do so."
Now, sir, that is a very different case from
the general idea that a man is unfit for the office
because Congress has so expressed an opinion.
Congress has expressed no such opinion. Con-
gress has barely said, "Mr. Harvey wrote a
private letter to the Secretary of State, which
appeared without his knowledge or consent in
the newspapers, and therefore his salary shall
cease." I say, under these circumstances, Mr.
Harvey is justified in my judgment—I may be
wrong—in saying that he will retain the office.
As to his right to the salary, I did not intend
to go into that question, and do not now. It is
immaterial to my argument. I did not rise for
the purpose of saying a word about it. I have
no very great wish about it one way or the
other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I wish you would
omit it, because we want to take a vote.
Mr. DIXON. I was not addressing myself
particularly to the Senator from Maine, and I
ao not recognize his right to express a wish on
that subject as to whether I shall speak or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You said you had no
wish about it.
Mr. DIXON. I am addressing the Senate.
On page 31 of Brightley's Digest the law will
be found:
" That embassadors, envoys extraordinary, andtain-
isters plenipotentiary, ministers resident, commis-
sioners, charge d'affaires, and secretaries of legation
appointed to the countries hereinafter named in
schedule A shall be entitled to compensation for their
services respectively at the rates per annum herein-
after specified."
Then a list is given. Schedule A is as fol-
lows :
"Great Britain and France, #17,500; Russia, Spain,
Austria, Prussia, Brazil, Mexico, and China cach,
$12,000; all other countries each, $10,000."
Now, sir, the law says they " shall be enti-
tled" to compensation. When they take the
office and are legally appointed, unless I am
very greatly mistaken, the right vests to the
salary so long as they hold the office by law.
It is very true Congress has the power to refuse
an appropriation. So it has power to refuse
an appropriation for anything, under any cir-
cumstances ; but that, I take it, does not cut
off the legal right. Whether there is any
tribunal which would enforce the payment, or
any tribunal that could do it, is another ques-
tion which I am not now raising; but I say
that the law entitles the minister while he holds
the office to the salary, and that right is not
destroyed or in any way affected by the neg-
lect of Congress to make an appropriation.
If the Senator says that the provision of the
law which provides that he shall not be paid
the salary is a repeal of that act so far forth as
he is concerned, that is another consideration.
It may be so. Perhaps that may be considered
as virtually an abolition of the office; but that
is not the way in which it strikes me. Still, as
that is a point upon which I do not wish to
dilate, I will drop the subject. It is to me a
matter of indifference whether Mr. Harvey is
paid or not. The Senate will do as they please
with regard to that. But, sir, attention ought
not to be called away from the reason of the
failure to make the appropriation, and when
his honor is assailed, then I think somebody
ought to stand here and say a word in his
behalf. 'Mr. Harvey is a gentleman of charac-
ter. He held a high position in this country.
He was sufficiently respected to be appointed
by Abraham Lincoln minister-resident to Por-
tugal and to be confirmed by the Senate. I
was going to say unanimously confirmed; but
perhaps there was opposition. At any rate he
was confirmed. He committed the offense of
writing a private letter. For that, and for that
alone, the appropriation is refused. Now, sir,
it is enough to refuse the appropriation, to
deprive him of the compensation to which I
think the law entitles him ; but at least his
honor ought not to be assailed. That I think
we ought to respect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Acording to the doc-
trine expressed by the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, if we should have a minister
abroad a drunkard, a debauchee, a reviler of
his country, a man who had no sense of de-
cency and no character, and the President
chose to continue him in office, Congress would
have no right to refuse to pay him. The doc-
trine of the English constitution is, that the
great safety of the countryidepends upon tho
power of the representatives of the people over
the public purse; that they can say when
money shall be paid and when it shall not.
That is the great protection which the people
have; and those who made the Constitution
of the United States took care that that power
over the public purse and the appropriation of
money should remain in the hands of the peo-
ple, to be exercised by their representatives;
but according to the Senator, when the law
has provided that an office shall exist, if the
President chooses to retain a man there, all that
Congress has to do is to pay him. Sir, it is a
slavish, miserable doctrine that the people of
this country will never assent to; and although
I have nothing to say about Mr. Harvey or
this particular case, I enter my dissent in toto
to any such idea.
Mr. DIXON. I understand the position of
the Senator from Maine to be this : that if a
man holds an office in this country to which a
salary is attached by law, he has no vested
right to that salary; but that it may depend on
the question of his character, or whether he is
a debauchee or a drunkard. I deny that doc-
trine. I say that while any man holds an office
in this country to which a salary is affixed by
law, he is legally entitled to that salary so long
as he holds the office. He may be unfit for the
office. If he is unfit for the office, there is a
mode of reaching him. I believe all civil offi-
cers can be reached. If he is a drunkard, if
he is a debauchee, he can be reached. At any
rate, while he holds the office, the question is
not and cannot be raised, in my judgment, with
deference to the Senator from Maine, what is
is his character. A good man or a bad man is
alike entitled to the salary while the office is in
his possession.
But, sir, I do not take the ground that the
Senator claims that Congress has not the power
to refuse to make appropriations. I know
perfectly well that Congress holds the purse-
strings. I know that not a single officer of the
General Government from the President down
can receive his salary without an appropria-
tion froir\ Congress. He never can draw a
dollar of his pay under any circumstances un-
til that appropriation is made. But take the
case of the highest officer of the Government,
the President of the United States. He holds
that office ; he is entitled to that salary; Con-
gress may refuse an appropriation and he fail
to receive his salary; but still he has a right to
the salary so long as he holds the office. He
would be entitled to claim the salary up to the
end of his official term; and I do not know
but that the Court of Claims would give a
judgment in his favor. Whether they would
or not is not the question now, but that is the
position I take.
Now, sir, I think the Senator from Maine is
mistaken. He says my doctrine is slavish.
He says that under it the President can keep
any one in office as long as he pleases, and
Congress is bound to make an appropriation
to pay him. I say no such thing. _ Congress
is not bound to make an appropriation for any
purpose, not even for our pay. Congress has
entire discretion over the subject of appropri-
