1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
goes to her male friend, her husband or brother
or acquaintance. Nature has not made her for
the rough and tumble-, so to speak, of life. She
is intended to be delicate. She is intended to
soften the asperities and roughness of the male
sex. She is intended to comfort him in the
days of his trial, not to participate herself
actively in the contest either in the forum, in
the council chamber, or on the battle-field.
As to her not being protected, what lady has
ever said that her rights were not protected
because she had not the right of suffrage?
There are women, respectable I have no doubt
in point of character, moral and virtuous wo-
men no doubt, but they are called, and prop-
erly called, the "strong-minded;" they are
in the public estimation contradistinguished
from the delicate; they are men in women's
garb, ready, I have no doubt, such people
would be—and I deem it no disparagement to
them; I have no doubt they are conscientious—
to go upon the battle-field. Such things have
happened. They are willing to take an insult
and horse-whip and chastise the man who has
extended the rudeness to them ; but they are
exceptions to the softness which is the charm
of the female character. I appeal to my friend
from New York, [Mr. Morgan,]—I can speak
for Baltimore—and to the member from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] who I suppose can
speak for Philadelphia, would they have their
wives and their daughters seeking to get up to
the poll on a hotly-contested election, driven
with indignation at times from it, insulted,
violence used to them, as is often the case,
rudeness of speech sure to be indulged in 
Mr. WADE. I should like to know if that
is the character of your city.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes.
Mr. WADE. Then it is very different from
the community in which I live.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rather think you might
make Cincinnati an exception, from what I
have heard. I am not speaking of the country,
though I have seen it pretty rough in the coun-
try ; and they have been rough occasionally in
Ohio. If they were all of the same temper
with my honorable friend who interrupts me
of course it would be different, and all could
have their rights accorded them.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask whether
the presence of ladies on an occasion of that
kind would not tend to suppress everything of
that sort. Would it not turn the blackguard
into a gentleman, so that we should have noth-
ing but good conduct?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir; you cannot turn
a blackguard into a gentleman.
Mr. COWAN. Exccpt by a lady.
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir; by no means
known to human power. There may be some
revulsion that will cause him to eeas.e to be a
blackguard for the moment, but as to a lady
making a gentleman of a man who insults her
it has not happened that I know of anywhere.
He may be made somewhat ol' a gentleman by
being cowhided. But the question 1 put I
put in all seriousness. I have seen the elec-
tions in Baltimore, where they arc just as or-
derly as they are in other cities ; but we all
know that in times of high party excitement it
is impossible to preserve that order which would
be sufficient to protect a delicate female from
insult, and no lady would venture to run the
hazard of being subjected to the insults that
she would be almost certain to receive.
They do not want this privilege. As to pro-
tecting themselves, as to taking a part in the_
Government in order to protect themselves, if
they govern those who govern, is not that pro-
tection enough? And who does not know that
they govern us? Thank God they do. But
what more right has a woman, as a mere mat-
ter of right independent of all delicacy, to the
suffrage than a boy who is just one day short of
twenty-one? You put him in your military
service when he is eighteen; you may put him
in it at a younger age if you think proper ; but
you will not let him vote. Why? Only upon
moral grounds; that is all; not because that
boy may not be able to exercise the right, but
39th Conoj. 2d Sess.—No. 5.
because, in the language of Mr. Adams, there
must be some general rule which must be ob-
served ; because in the absence of such general
rule, if you permit excepted cases you might
as well abolish all rules, and then where are
we, as he properly asks.
I like to learn wisdom from the men of 1776.
I know we have had the advantage of living in
an age which they did not witness. I have
lived a good many years and watched the pub-
lic men of the day, and I do not think, and I
have never been able with all my disposition
to think that we are any better than were the
men of177G and our predecessors on thisfloor,
the men who participated in the deliberations
of the Convention which led to the adoption
of the Constitution of the U nited States, the men
who were the authors of the State Papers which
filled the world with admiration and amaze-
ment, which were issued during that period.
We know more of some things; we have more
physical science than they had; the inventive
genius of the country and of the age is greater
than it was in the times in which they lived;
but in all the knowledge that history can give,
in all the knowledge that ethics can give, in
all the knowledge that political economy can
give, they were at least our equals; and nb
man, I am sure, (for I share but in the pleas-
ure which each of u3 has received,) can read
the letters and the papers that came from the
pens of the men of that day without feeling a
wish, without praying, if he is ambitious, that
he was equal to them. But that is apart from
the subject.
From the days of colonization down to the
present hour no such"'proposition as this has
received, so far as £ am aware, any support,
unless it was for a short time in the State of
New Jersey. It has nothing to do with the
right of negroes to vote. That is perfectly
independent. If T desired because I am opposed
to that to defeat the hill, I might perhaps, as a
mere party scheme, as a measure known to
?arty tactics which govern occasionally some—■
do not say that they have not governed, me
heretofore—vote for this amendment with a
view to defeat the bill; but I have lived to be
too old and have become too well satisfied of
what I think is my duty to the country to give
any vote which I do not believe, if it should be
supported by the votes of a sufficient number
to carry the measure into operation, would
redound to the interests and safety and honor
of the country.
Mr. WADE. The gentleman seems to sup-
pose that the only reason females should have
the right to vote is that they might defend
themselves with a cowhide against those who
insult them. I do not suppose that giving
them the right to vote will add anything to
their physical strength or courage. That is
the argument of the Senator, and the whole of
his argument: but I did not propose that the)"
should vote on such hypothesis or with env
view that it should have any such effect. But
I do know that as the law stood until very
recently in many of the States a husband wa 
not the best guardian for his wife in many
eases, and frequently the greatest hard-ships
that 1 have ever known in the community have
arisen from the fact that a good-for-nothing,
drunken, miserable man had married a respect-
able lady with property, and your law turned
the whole of it right o\er to him and left her a
pauper at his will. ^ hile I was at the bar 1
was more conversant with the manner in which
these domestic affairs were transacted than I
am now: and I knew instances of the greatest
hardship arising from the fact that the law per-
mitted such things to be done. I have known a
drunken, miserable wretch of a husband take
possession of a large property of a virtuous,
excellent woman, who had a family of small
children depending upon her, and turn her
out to support her family by sewing and bi-
manual labor; and it is not an uncommon case.
The legislators, the males having the law-making
power in their hands, especially were not very
promptto correct these evils; they were very slow
in doing so. They continued from the old com-
mon law, when the memory of man did not
run to the contrary, down to a time that is
within the recollection of us all: and I do not
know but that in some of the States this absui-l
rule prevails even now. It would not have pre-
vailed if ladies had been permitted to vote for
their legislators. They would have instructed
them, and would have withheld their votes
from every one who would not correct these
most glaring evils.
The Senator tells us that the community ia
which he lives is so barbarous and rude that a
lady could not go to the polls to perform a
duty which the law permitted without insult
and rudeness. That is a state of things that I
did not believe existed anywhere. I do not
believe that it exists in Baltimore to-day. I
do not believe if the ladies of Baltimore should
go up to the polls clothed with the legal right
to select their own legislators that there is
anybody in Baltimore who would insult them
on their way in performing that duty. I do
not believe that our communities have got to
that degree of depravity yet that such kind of
rascally prudence is necessary to be exercised
in making laws. On the other hand, I have
always found wherever I have gone that the
rude and the rough in their conduct were civil-
ized and ameliorated by the presence of females;
for I do believe, as much as I believe anything
else, that, take the world as it is, the female
part of it are really more virtuous than the
males. I think so; and I think if we were to
permit them to have this right it would tend
to a universal reform instead of the reverse;
and I do not believe any lady would be insulted
in any community that I know anything about
while on her way to perform this duty.
As I can see no good reason to the contrary,
I shall vote for this proposition. I shall vote
as I have often voted, as the Senator from
Massachusetts has often voted, what he believed
to be right; not because he believed a majority
were with him, but because he believed the
proposition which he was called upon to vote
for was right, just, and proper. It is because
I cannot see that this is not so that I vote for
it. It comes from a Senator who does not
generally vote with us; it is a proposition un-
looked for from his general course of action in
this body, being, as he says, on the conserva-
tive list, and generally for holding things just
as they are. Well, sir, I am for holding them
just as they are when I think they are right,
and when 1 think they are not I am for chang-
ing them and making them right. -I do not
think it is right to exclude females from the
right of suffrage. As I said before, I do not
expect that public opinion will be so correct
at this time that my vote will be effectivebut
nevertheless it would be no excuse for me that
I did not do my part toward effecting a reform
that I think the community requires, because
I did not see that the whole world was going
with me. I do not wait for that. I am
frequently in minorities. I would as lief be
there as anywhere else, provided I see that I
am right: and I do not wait for the majority
to go with me when 1 think a proposition is
right. Therefore I shall vote for this amend-
ment if nobody else votes lor it. trusting that
if I am right the world will finally see it and
come up "to the mark where 1 am; if I am
wrong, on further investigation and further
thought I shall be left in the lurch. Belie\iug
that I am right, and believing that the world
will come up to this standard finally, I am
ambitious to make mv mark upon it right here.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
the Senator from Maryland has made an in-
quiry as to the law of Now Jersey in reference
to women voting. There was a period in New-
Jersey when, in reference to some local mat-
ters, and those only, women voted; but that
period has long since passed away; and I think
I am authorized in saying that the women of
New Jersey to-day do not desire to vote.
Sir, I confess a little surprise at the remark
which has been so frequently made in the Sen-
ate, that there is no difference between grant-
ing suffrage to colored citizens and extending
