1506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
ations, but still the right of the officer under
it is not affected. He has a moral right, and
perhaps a legal right, to his pay notwillistand-
injj. That I think is a doctrine that can be
maintained.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the position of
the Senator from Connecticut to be this: that
the minister has a legal right to his pay, but
that Congress has a legal right not to pay him.
Mr. DIXON. Is that a very inconsistent
statement? Let us look at that for a single
moment. Here is an act of Congress which
provides that he shall be entitled to his salary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And a subsequent act
of Congress saying that lie shall not have it.
Will not that repeal the other?
Mr. DIXON. As I said before, if the Sen-
ator takes the ground that that is a repeal
of the other law, then I have nothing to say
upon it.
Mr. IESSENDEX. That is the ground that
has been taken all through.
Mr. DIXON. I have no further contro-
versy upon that point if that is the ground he
takes. When we come to legal rights against
the Government of the United States, that is a
somewhat difficult point to meet. I perhaps
may have said "legal right.'' I should have
somewhat modified that. I say that the officer
has a right to his salary so long as he holds the
office. The Senator from Wisconsin has a
right to his salary as a Senator, and still I say
that Congress has full and entire power over
the question of appropriations to meet that
salary. That is the position I take.
Mr. SUMNER obtained the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to ask a
question.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
pardon me ; I would rather not give way. |
Mr. McDOUGALL. I only want to ask
one question, and probably the Senator from
Massachusetts can answer it quite as well as
any one: the distinction exactly between right
and power.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I regret
.that this question has been presented to the
Senate. 1 wish that the bill had come from
our committee as it came from the House. As
it is now, the question is raised by the com-
mittee. I am sorry for it; but it is here, and
we are obliged to meet it. I shall feel con-
strained to vote against the committee ; but
when I say that, I am not going to be Jed even
by the eloquent and pertinacious Senator from
Connecticut into any discussion of the original
offense of Mr. Harvey. He has introduced
again on this floor a letter. Very well. I
shall not follow him with regard to that letter.
I content myself with reminding you of the
action of Congress at the last session. That
is enough. I will not now discuss whether
Congress was then right or wrong. Suffice it
to say, it eliminated from its appropriation bill
all appropriation for a mission to Portugal,
and then positively forbade any payment to
the actual minister-resident there. If that was
the action of Congress at the last session, does
any one doubt that we had the power?
The Senator from Connecticut tells us that
the minister there had a vested right in his
office. He uses technical terms. ' I doubt
whether any reading of law would sustain him
in that. Our ministers abroad are appointed
by virtue of two different statutes. One is the
original diplomatic act of 1856, which says
that we shall have a minister-resident at Por-
tugal, and to that extent creates a mission at
Portugal, and the other is the annual appro-
priation bill. The office stands, if I may so
express myself, on those two legs : the original
statute creating the office, and the annual
appropriation bill supplying the means. Con-
gress may, as the Senator from Connecticut
argues, repeal the original diplomatic act,
and in that way, if I may so express myself^
sink the whole ship under a minister or all
our ministers in Europe, or it may refuse all
appropriation for an individual mission. That
has been done constantly in our history.
Every year the question is whether we shali
have a mission here or there, in one place or
in another place, and it is determined by the
appropriation bill. Last year by that bill it
was determined in the first place that we
should have no mission in Portugal, and in the
second place that the actual minister there
should receive no compensation or salary out
of any fund whatever.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me a word ?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will excuse
me, I shall not be long.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I only wish to ask a
question.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I am determined to finish what I have
to say briefly.
I was saying that by the appropriation bill
of the last session this question was definitively
settled; at least so far as the minister-resident
there was concerned. You may call it arepeal
to that extent of the original diplomatic act,
or a refusal to supply means for his salary ;
but in one way or the other, or in both ways,
the same conclusion was reached. There was
no basis for that minister to stand upon.
And now I am brought to the question
which the Senator from Connecticut has
argued so constantly, as to the power of Con-
gress to deal with this case without repealing
the original act creating the office, as he
expresses it. I think he is entirely mistaken
in his argument. I am sure that the Senator
from Maine answered him positively and com-
pletely. I know that the Senator from Con-
necticut put cases, and asked whether the same
principle would apply to those, cases. I de-
cline to follow him there. He asked whether
we could repeal the act creating the salary of
the Chief Justice. I shall not undertake to
answer that question. The time has not come
for us to answer that question. When it does,
should it ever come in this Chamber, I shall
be ready to meet it. The only question before
us now is whether we can, so far as this minis-
ter is concerned, refuse all appropriations.
There I believe the rule is clear and abso-
lutely beyond question. If it were not clear and
absolutely beyond question, I think that Con-
gress would be shorn of one of its best powers.
It is 110 answer to say that it is a power that
in our history has been rarely exercised, for the
occasion for its exercise happily has been very
rare ; but Congress has exercised it now, and
I submit that it is a power beyond question.
It was a power, as the Senator from Maine
has reminded you, recognized in English his-
tory. It was perfectly familiar to the framers
of the Constitution of the United States, for it
had been proclaimed in a work of authority
which had been read at that time by all of our
fathers. I hold in my hand the work of
Delolme on the British Constitution, from
which, with your permission, I will read a few
words, for they seem to settle this constitu-
tional question. I read as follows :
"The King of England, therefore, has the preroga-
tive of commanding armies and equipping fleets
but without the concurrcnco of his Parliament he
cannot maintain them."
Just the same as our President has the power
of commanding armies and of equipping fleets ;
but what can he do without the power of Con-
gress? Delolme then goes on :
"He can bestow places and employments."
So can the President.
"But without his Parliament he cannot pay the
salaries attending on them."
Is not t^e position of Congress in this regard
at least as high as that of the British Parlia-
ment?
- "jRaword' the royal prerogative, destitute as it
13 of the power of imposing taxes, is like a vast body
which cannot of itself accomplish its motion or if
you Please it is like>1 ship completely equipped,tut
trom which tho Parliament can at pleasure draw off
the water and leave it aground, and also set it afloat
again by granting subsidies."
Now, all that Congress proposes to do at
this moment, so far as I understand, is, accord-
ing to the language of this writer, to draw off
the water and leave the ship aground. Per-
haps the time may come when, again adopting
the language of this writer, Congress may set
the ship afloat again. That time has not yet
arrived.
Mr. DIXON and Mr. McDOUGALL ad-
dressed the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Axthoxy
in the chair.) The Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. DAVIS. I submit that the Senator
from California is entitled to the floor from the
number of times that the Senator from Con-
necticut has spoken on this subject. The rule
is express that will give him the right to the
floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
recognized the Senator from Connecticut first.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I addressed the Chair
first.
Mr. DAVIS. When a Senator has spoken
[ twice on the same subject, he is not entitled
j to the floor against another Senator who has
| not spoken at all.
I' The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such is the
rule, but it has never been observed in the
Senate. If the Senator from Kentucky makes
that point it will be the duty of the Chair to
enforce the rule.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not want to make any
point, but I should like to see the rales admin-
istcrcd
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It never has
been the custom, the Chair understands, to
I enforce that rule.
| Mr. DAVIS. But when a Senator persists
1 in claiming his right, as the Senator from Cal-
!ifornia has done, it seems to mc the Chair has
but one course to pursue, and that is to yield
the floor to him under the positive rule of the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sena-
tor from California claims the floor, no Senator
having a right to speak twice on the same sub-
ject until other Senators have spoken, he is
undoubtedly entitled to it under the rule.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I claim the floor, but
I yield it in courtesy to the Senator from Con-
necticut, but shall claim it again.
Mr. DIXON. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from California, I desire to say a word or
two further. The question has been raised
here by the Senator from Massachusetts in his
last remarks as to whether an officer holding a
position has a right to his salary, or whether it
is wholly dependent upon an appropriation by
Congress. I wish to be understood as admit-
ting that it is fully in the power of Congress
to withhold the appropriation. Whether it is
right to do so is another question; but the fact
that Congress has the power to appropriate
shows that Congress has the power to foil to
appropriate. Nobody doubts that.
But Senators have seemed to be shocked
because I stated that an officerholdingan office,
an office which was vested in him, was entitled
to his compensation during tho term of that
office. If the Senator from Maine will pay me
the compliment of listening to what I will read
from the statutes I shall be very much obliged
to him. I do not wish to dwell upon this ques-
tion of Mr. Harvey's salary; I wish to vindi-
cate my own position if I can do so. If I can-
not do it I am willing to admit that I was
wrong. If the Senator will look to the eighth
section of the act of 1856 he will find this lan-
guage:
n0 Pers,on appointed after this act shall take
enect to any such office as is mentioned in the first,
second, third, sixth, or seventh sections of this act."
That is, ministers resident, charges, secre-
taries of legation, the ministers to GreatBritain,
r ranee, Russia, Spain, and Austria; the very
offices of which we are now speaking—
., Shall be entitled to compensation for his services
therein except irom the time when he shall reach his
K*,ad «Pon his official duties to the time
JJrnJ.5 eJ„n'Lceas.e to bold such office, and for such
ij? ♦ ^ snail be actually and necessarily occupied in
receiving his instructions."
He shall be paid from the time he takes the
office up to the period when he ceases to hold
tlie office. That is the express legislation on
this subject.
