1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1507
Mr. PESSENDEN. That is not as the
Senator read it.
Mr. DIXON. I say that is the meaning.
1 am now giving the meaning. I was not pro-
fessing to read it. The Senator must have
known I was not professing to read it, be-
cause I had already read it and was giving a
paraphrase of it. It was not, therefore, neces-
sary for the Senator to caution the Senate
against any deception being practiced by me
on that subject. I had read the statute, and I
was then paraphrasing it. I was giving its
meaning. The statute says:
"That no person appointed after this act shall take
cffect to any such office as is mentioned in tho first,
second, third, sixth, or seventh sections of this act,
shall be entitled to compensation for his services
therein except from the time when he shall reach his
post and enter upon his official duties, to the time
when he shall cease to hold such office."
Now, I say when you take that in connec-
tion with the previous portion of the statute,
that embassadors, ministers, &c., "shall be
entitled to compensation for their services,
respectively, at the rates per annum herein-
after specified," and it is then provided that
they shall not receive it except from the period
of the commencement to the end of their term,
the fair intent and meaning of that is, that
they shall be entitled to it during that period.
That, I think, is clear. Why, sir, what is the
marginal note ? " During what period salaries
to be payable." And then the section pro-
vides that they shall not be payable—
"Except from the timewhen he shall reach his post
and enter upon his official duties, to the time when
he shall cease to hold such office, and for such time
as shall be actually and necessarily occupied in re-
ceiving his instructions, not to exceed thirty days,
and in making the transit between the place of his
residence when appointed, and his post of duty at
the commencement and termination of the period
of his official service, for which he shall in all cases"—
If the Senator had been patient he would
have heard another expression—
"Forwhich he shall in all cases bo allowed and paid,
except as hereinafter mentioned, and no person shall
be deemed to hold any such office after his successor
shall be appointed and actually enter upon the duties
of his office at his post of duty, nor after his official
residence at such post shall have terminated, if not
eo relieved."
Now, sir, there is an express law of the land
providing that the officer shall receive his pay
during the period for which he is appointed and
while he holds the office, and no longer. If the
Senator says that this law has been repealed, if
that is the ground he takes, of course I should
have no controversy with him on that subject.
If the effect of the act of Congress last year is
to repeal that law so far forth as the minister-
resident at Portugal is concerned, then of course
my argument falls to the ground. But what
was the act of last year ?
"And the compensation of the consul at Hankow is
established at $3,000 annually, and no money shall be
paid to the present minister-resident, at Portugal out
of any fund whatever on account of further services
in his office."
That is the language. If it repeals the former
act of 1856, then there is no law for his payment.
If it does not repeal it, then the amount of it only
is that the appropriation is withheld, and that
the minister has still a right under the existing
law of the land to the compensation which the
law gave him.
Mr. McD OUGALL. The law that gives the
right to our representative at Portugal to re-
ceive a salary does not depend entirely upon
the statute law. By authority of this Govern-
ment we sent him abroad, gave him full au-
thority to represent our Government in one
of the States of Europe. There was both an
express and an implied obligation that the
Government of the United States would sub-
sist him abroad. The statute law furnishing
the provision for his pay is only an adjunct to
the obligations existing from the necessity of
our being a Government and having relations
to other Governments in the civilized world.
The denial of the pay of the minister to Portu-
gal is perhaps the grossest outrage-that has
been perpetrated during the existence of our
Government since 1787. I do not know who
he is. I take no interest in him except as I
take interest in other persons who are in offices
of the Government and citizens of the United
States. I could not have conceived it possible
ten years ago that we could have sent a minister
abroad, regularly commissioned to represent
us at a foreign Court, and while he was there,
away from home, with the faith of the Govern-
ment pledged by sending him there, deny him
his supplies and attempt to starve him into
subjection to the rule of those who call them-
selves now a culminating majority. That this
is cruelty is within the conception of any man.
Perchance he may be a man of wealth, able to
maintain himself abroad independent of what
the Government is bound to concede to him.
I trust he may be a man of wealth, able to
maintain himself abroad independent of what
is denied to him as a matter of right and as a
matter of law; for it is a matter of right when
we sent him abroad that he should be main-
tained abroad according to the laws that then
existed.
I am pleased that the Committee on Finance
of this body have chosen to place Portugal
again in the list of missions. It should have
been there last year. I am pleased that it
has been done; but I am astonished at the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions denying (for he professes to understand
all these questions of our relations abroad) to
the minister to Portugal the compensation
that may be necessary for his personal ex-
penses, while he is still the minister of the
United States, with the right to have his flag
flying and to protect our citizens, and whose
duty it is to maintain our interests at that
Court. It seems to me like malice. I never
was able to induce myself to the study of what
malice meant; yet I have seen the word, and I
have oftentimes felt on the outmost surfaces
of my thought this thing of maliciousness. I
cannot understand why or wherefore, except it
be for malice, we can deny to one of our min-
isters abroad, whom we have sent abroad our-
selves, and who represents our flag abroad, the
means whereby ho can maintain himself at a
foreign Court. It is not for him; it is for our
nation. Our honor is involved. He repre-
sents us there, and he has a right to maintain
himself with proper respect and proper sur-
roundings. This is understood by the Finance
Committee in reporting this matter; but 1 do
not understand how the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, who should know
those things and understand them well, can
undertake to have our flag dishonored at the
Court of Portugal. I cannot understand why
he, learned in languages, master of things
abroad, acquainted with foreign States, will
allow our representation at a Court yet import-
ant, once one of the first Courts of the world,
to be degraded by not giving the proper con-
cessions that belong to our representative by
law and upon principle. We are a Govern-
ment. We have our representatives at Copen-
hagen, at Stockholm, at Berlin, at Florence,
and at the Courts of France and England. We
subsist them; that is, we give them such sal-
ary as the law permits, and deny it to the min-
ister at Portugal. For what? For writing an
unconsidered letter; that is all. I did not like
the taste of that letter when I heard it read
myself; it did not meet ^ith my full approba-
tion ; but what of that? He said what he did
think, and probably said what he felt. It was
in the power of this Government to have with-
drawn him from the Court of Portugal; but
while remaining there it belongs to our own
honor, it belongs to the dignity of our Govern-
ment, to sustain him there until ho is legally
withdrawn.
I say these things for the purpose of express-
ing a sentiment, most particularly for the
reason that I am filled with astonishment, and
have been before filled with astonishment at
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, who is a minister of State so far as
we are concerned, endeavoring to behead a
man who is on the other side of the Atlantic,
to deprive him of his means of subsistence, to
deny nim the rights he has upon principle and
by law. The proposition, I affirm, is an out-
rage upon principle if Governments be main-
tained. If we send a minister to the Fejee
Islands, among the cannibals, with a law to
pay him, he would have a right to his pay.
Upon what principle of right could you deiiy
it? Upon the circumstance that he had writ-
ten a letter here that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts does not exactly approve ? If legis-
lation is thus to bo conducted in this Republic
we had better change our system and find new
masters and another rule. Rather than be
subjected to such accidents and such wrongs
I would place myself in the hands of a dic-
tator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that it be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in line eleven, in the clause providing for
the dLlaries of envoys extraordinary, ministers,
and commissioners, after "Peru" to insert
" Portugal."
Mr. JOHNSON. That I suppose is a mere
appropriation for a mission to Portugal. It has
nothing to do with the past. The question is,
whether we will, or will not now have a mission
to Portugal, and continue our friendly rela-
tions with that Government. I should suppose
the Senate would have no objection, therefore,
to that amendment. It does not affect Mr.
Harvey, as I understand it, in any way. My
own opinion in relation to the treatment which
the Senate felt itself bound to extend toward
Mr. Harvey has been already expressed. My
own conviction is, that he ought to be paid the
salary during the whole of the period that it
has been denied him; but that is not a ques-
tion, as I understand it, which is involved in
this appropriation. The single proposition in
the appropriation is whether we will or will
not have friendly diplomatic relations with the
Kingdom of Portugal, and looking to the past
I can hardly imagine that there should be any
ground of objection at all to coming to such a
result as that.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 14, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Davis^ Dixon, Doolittle,
Fessenden, Hendricks, Johnson, ICirkwood, McDou-
gall, Morgan, Poland, Riddle, Ross, Saulsbury. Van
Winkle. Wa<le, Willey, Williams, and Yates—19.
NAY'S—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Conness, Cragin,
Creswell. Fogg. Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Howard,
Howe, Morrill, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wilson—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Cowan, Ed-
munds. Foster, Grimes, Guthrie. Harris, Henderson,
Lane, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Pnttcrson, Pomcioy,
ltamsey, Sherman, Sprague.and Stewart—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
on page 4, line seventy-one, in the list of '1 con-
sulates, schedule B," after " Kanagawa," to
insert " Kingston, Jamaica."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, line
one hundred and thirty, to strike out the word
"commissioners" and to insert "ministers-
resident-;" so that the clause will read:
For salaries of ministers-resident and consular gen-
eral to Hayti and Liberia, $11,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 7, line
one hundred and forty-four, after the word
"dollars" to strikeout the following proviso:
Provided, That when this sum shall be exhausted,
no further expenditures shall be made or authorized.
So that the clause will read:
For expenses of the commission to run and mark
the boundary line between the United States and
the British Possessions bounding on Washington
Territory, $28,070.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 7, after
line one hundred and forty-six, to insert:
For defraying the expenses which may be in-
curred by dispatches over tho Atlantic cable,
$30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That com-
