1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
833
Are there any petitions before this body, or
were there any before the other House, asking
that Nova Scotia coal shall be imported free
of duty for the reason that the consum ers are
affected? I ask if there has been before the
Finance Committee of either House of Con-
gress one solitary man in the interest of the
consumer asking that this Nova Scotia coal
shall be admitted free of duty, or at the low
rate proposed? If so, I wish some member of
the committee would inform me of the fact. I
have not heard a word of that kind. It ys only
when gentlemen find themselves driven to the
wall that they change their ground.
The distinguished Senator from Massachu-
setts has treated us to a free-trade speech in the
Senate of the United States. The commentary
of the Senator from Indiana was just and cor-
rect ; it was a deduction that he had a right
logically to make; and I toll the Senator from
Massachusetts that his course in the Senate to-
day is in its effects a better free-trade speech
than has ever been made in any of the middle
States during the last ten years. " Cheap coal"
is the Senator's cry. Why not " cheap woolen
goods?" Why not " cheap cotton goods?" I
have in my hand a statement showing the ad-
vance made in this tariff bill upon cotton goods,
the rate of duty being from fifty-four to thirty-
nine per.cent, upon everything; and yet they
cannot allow us a duty of §1 25 on eoal because
they use it in their manufactures! And that is
the whole story.
Sir, I have honored New England ; I have
looked to New England, during at least por-
tions of my life, for lessons upon political
economy ; but I wish to tell the Senator from
Massachusetts that if I am to regard his teach-
ings logically I shall no longer look to him for
any lessons on that subject. I must abandon
hiin, because his position neither he nor any
living man can maintain before the people of
this country. If this is to be the course of
New England, if this is to be the system she is
to give us, dear upon everything that we con-
sume, cheap upon everything that we produce
and she consinr.es ; if this is to be her teach-
ing, the Senator iias satisfied me and every man
in the coal-producing regions that New Eng-
land manufactures shall also be cheap, or else
that they shall not compete with foreign man-
ufactures. That is the whole cass.
The question then is, shall the home pro-
ducer ot coal be protected, or shall these gen-
tlemen speculators—I do not use the word in
any offensive sense, for I know that pretty
much everybody is anxious to make all that
he can out of his money—shall these operators
who have left New England, carried their cap-
ital into Nova Scotia, invested it upon such
terms as they deemed profitable when the
reciprocity treaty was in force, produce the
coal? Or shall the men who remained at
home in our own country with their capital,
subject to all the taxation which it is neces-
sary now to impose with a view to protect the
credit and interests of this Government, have
the benefit of this protection? If our policy is
to be to take coal from the foreign producer
let us vote down this bill; all the time we are
expending on it is futile, and the only ques-_
tion we should consider is the question of rev- ~
enue, and there is the end of the whole mat-
ter : and if it is not free trade, it is to be tariff
only for the sake of revenue; no discrimination
for protection.
Sir, I am not jealous of New England. I
have no disposition in any way to restrict any
industrial interest in New England. On the
contrary, it has been the study of my lite, so
far as I have been able to carry it into effect,
to promote the interests of New England and
every other industrial interest in the country.
Upon that position I stand to-day, and upon
that, position I consider that my argument is
the only consistent and the only proper one.
! made a remark the other day to which I
did not intend to allude again in regard to the
operation of the reciprocity treaty and the
purposes for which it was made, but the Sena-
tor from .Maine look exception to it and said
3'Jrri (Juxo. 2d Suss. -No. 53.
lie was here in the Senate at the time that
treaty was made, and that he perhaps under-
stood all about the treaty and the purposes for
which it was made as well as any gentleman
who was then in the Senate. I do not doubt it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not say any such
thing; I beg pardon of my honorable friend.
He quoted from the present chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House
something that he had said about the motives
which led to the adoption of the reciprocity
treaty. I said that I was a member of the
Senate at that time, and he was not a member
of the House then ; and I thought I knew as
much of the motives that influenced the adop-
tion of that treaty as he did. I did not say
"as much as any member of the Senate."
Mr. CRESWELL. Then my remark was a
little too general; and in order to bring it
within the scope of what the gentleman in-
tended, I will say that he knew as much about
it as the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means of the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of the considerations
which led to its adoption.
Mr. CIIESWELL. That brings the issue
up still more sharply, and it comes up between
the Senator and the authority I am about to
read, and he must settle it with his New Eng-
land brother. As everybody knows, Mr. Mor-
rill, of the other House, lias given this subject
a vast deal of labor and study, and everybody
is disposed to pay deference and respect to his
judgment and opinion on all subjects of this
kind. On the Cth of March, 1866, in debate
upon a bill which he introduced with a view
to restore some of the features of the reci-
procity treaty which had before that time been
discontinued, he said:
" "When the reciprocity treaty was made a low tariff
prevailed m Canada, and England only eight years
previously had adopted the doctrine of free trade.
Great expectations were held out by the negotiator,
Lord Elgin, leedmg the not unwilling hopes of our
people, of an increased demand for American manu-
factures ; but suddenly the Canadas adopted the
principles of protection and largely increased their
tariff on manufactures. The imperial Government
did not veto these acts, and these great expectations
were nipped in the bud. Xhe United States never
expecting to find in the Provinces a market for the
productions of its agriculture, nor of its mines, for-
ests, or fisheries, at once found their manufactures
aiso practically excluded. But now, making no com-
pliant, we yet tender a law conceding certain privi-
leges. If this shall not be met by a corresponding
liberality, sufficiently indicated in_ the conditions
embodied in the bill, we have the right, and it wi'i
be our duty, to change the terms of the present, bill
for such as will be most advantageous to us, regard-
less of the interests of others."
Now, when the reciprocity treaty has been
disposed of, and when the little benefit that
could be derived from it in other shapes has
been taken away from our people, we are to
have lestored and fastened upon us that feat-
ure of it which was to us the most objection-
able, namely, the point wherein they brought
their coals directly in competition with ours
and with our great and all-absorbing branch
of industry.
The Senator says reduce taxation as much
as possible. So say I; but are we reducing
taxation ? The point, as T understand it, and
the very turning point of this whole struggle,
depends upon the fact of our raising sufficient
means to maintain our credit for the payment
of our debt, and sustaining such a policy as
will enable us properly to diminish our cur-
rency until we can come .down to a gold stand-
ard, and then prices will be reduced and the
spirit of speculation will be in some manner
checked. I am rather old-fashioned in my
notions in regard to currency ; but I still en-
tertain the notion that a gold and silver coin
basis is best and the one to which we must
ultimately return. Our struggle is to get back
to that as gradually as possible and with the
least possible injury to the various interests of
the country. .
But, sir, I have spoken longer than I in-
tended when I rose ; and I apologize to the
Senate for having occupied so much time.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Maryland
said, and 1 thought he said it in a manner as
tho gh some of us were concerned in it, that
if certain views were to prevail here we had
better vote the bill down. I wish simply to
say to the Senator from Maryland that I shall
have no regrets if the bill should be voted
down. If anybody in Massachusetts believes
that this great tax upon coal, upon iron, upon
steel, and upon wool is to be compensated by
anything in this bill, he is mistaken. It is not
a Massachusetts measure; and in myjudgntent
it is more against her than for her; ana if I
vote for the bill 
Sir. CRESWELL. The general principle of
the tariff is usually supposed to be a Massa-
chusetts measure, and if this tariff does not
suit Massachusetts it is only because the old
tariff suits her better. My argument went to
the whole tariff system. If the argument of
the gentleman from Massachusetts—and I beg
the Senator's pardon for interrupting him—
prevails, it applies equally and as forcibly
against all tariffs as against this tariff.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no.
Mr. CRESWELL. I think it does.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no.
Mr. CRESWELL. Well, I will maintain it
anyhow.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I do not
enter into that controversy. I am speaking
of this tariff, the measure before us; and I say
that Massachusetts does not demand it. and in
my judgment there is nothing in the bill to
compensate her for this increased duty upon
coal, upon iron, upon steel, and upon wool,
you increase the duties upon these articles
that enter into our manufacture and our me-
chanic arts in their various forms. I see what
the contest is to be in the future. It will be
pretty hard lowering the duties on iron, on
steel, or on wool; but the war upon textile
fabrics and upon the various productions of
the mechanic arts in our part of the country
will go on ; it will be made upon every stump
in the country against us ; and while the ben-
efits of this measure are to go to others, the
reproaches are to be heaped upon us ; and
that is about all we shall get of it.
You cannot smuggle iron, nor steel, nor
wool into the country, but you can smuggle
articles similar to the products of our manu-
factories and of our various mechanic arts to a
great extent if the duties bo very high. There
is a good deal of smuggling now, and after the
passage of this bill there will probably be more.
Now, I want gentlemen here to take the full
responsibilities of this measure upon them-
selves. I protest against this talk here in the
Senate or in the country, in the press or be-
fore the people, that this bill before us or the
bill passed by the House of Representatives
at the last session is demanded by the people
I represent, or is to promote their interests.
If T had my way to-day I would prefer, for
our interests, to stand upon the laws as they
now are.
There is one interest of ours, and but one
interest alone, that I see is to be promoted to
any considerable extent by this bill, and that
is the worsted interest. That interest grew up
under the reciprocity treaty, the wools being
imported chiefly and mainly from Canada, aud.
when that treaty went down, the eight or ten
million' dollars invested in that product was
imperiled. The persons who made those
investments have lost hundreds of thousands
and probablv millions of dollars. This tariff
will be a benefit to them; but as regards the
varied mechanical interests, the vast interests
of my section of the country, I see nothing in
this measure, and I have no anxiety about, it.
What 1 protest against is, that anybody here or
elsewhere shall name it or consider it as a
measure called for by the State of Massachu-
setts. We have various mechanic shops into
which iron and steel enter to a great extent.
Our people are largely engaged in railroads
in our own section, in the West, and every-
where else in this country. Our people are
interested in railroads all over the West, and
largely in the central and southern States.
What aip we to gain by this great increase ot
duty on iron or on steel? And taking the nest
