834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
half a dozen or ten years before us, I do not
gee that the cotton manufacturers are to gain
by this great advance of duty on wool.
Sir, if I vote for this measure, I shall vote
for it on grounds general to the country, with-
out expecting any special benefit for my own
section. I have noticed that nearly all the
votes that have been taken have a squinting to
crowd us very hard in this matter; and I see
very plainly from what has been said here that
when this measure is passed, if it be passed at
all, the responsibility for it and the war upon
it is to be made upon us and upon the produc-
tions of our manufactories and machine-shops
and the various mechanic arts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays.19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Creswell, Davis, Eowler,
Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Patterson, Sumner,
Van Winkle, and Yates—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Buelcalcw, Cattell, Chardler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Edmunds, Fessenden. Fogg, Poster,
Frelingbuysen, Grimes, Howe, Morgan, Morrill,
Sprasuc. Stewart, Wade, Willey, and Wilson—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Dixon, Doo-
little, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Kirkwood, Lane,
McDougall, Nesrmth, Norton, Nye, Poland, Pome-
roy, Ramsey, Riddle, Itoss, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Trumbull, and Williams—22.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. SPRAGrUE. I should have contented
myself with giving my vote in favor of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts had not the debate gone to a
considerable length and covered a good deal
of ground. I sympathize with the ideas of the
Senator from Massachusetts, but I desire to take
a ground that he has not ventured upon, and
that is, that this increase of duties is of no
advantage whatever to the mineral regions of
the respective States that are desirous to have
this increase of duty. I know something about
the mineral region of Maryland, and also of
the mineral region of Pennsylvania; and I
know that under the present system there is
hardly a mine in that whole region that is not
connected with a great railroad interest that
can pay a dollar. With all the prospectuses
and all the advertisements of mines that are
brought to the attention of capitalists there is
not one, in my judgment, that possesses suffi-
cient remunerative prospects to enable them
to invest in that description of property. The
fact is, that the whole country, other than
those engaged in the railroad interests in
these particular localities, pay a tribute to the
railroad interests. Why, sir, I know that
during the war, one or two gentlemen control-
ling the railroad interests of Pennsylvania, and
having also an interest in the mines, were able
to absorb many millions of dollars when the
coal was at eight or ten or twelve dollars
per ton.
Now, sir, that system is no advantage to
anybody. As for the great States of Maryland
and Pennsylvania, thinking to obtain advan-
tages growing out of building up a great
railroad system whose owners are foreigners
to them, as I know the fact to be, it is most
suicidal to their interests and unprofitable in
every respect.
Sir, New England will very soon get out of
the difficulties that are placed upon her in this
respect. By a recent improvement in mechan-
ics she has discovered that one ton of coal will
produce the power which has heretofore been
obtained out of two tons of coal. She has also
discovered another important fact in the matter
of fuel, and it is a fact that should receive the
attentive consideration of the gentlemen who
are advocating this protective tariff upon coal.
She has within her own territory a fuel which
she is developing, which will soon make her in-
dependent of both Pennsylvania and Maryland
in this respect. Why then drive this thing to
these extremities? • You will certainly destroy
your own interests, and you are promoting no-
body's interest except the interest that I speak
of. and that is the railroad interest, and the rail-
roads are not owned by your own people.
They are concentrated in the hands of the great
capitalists of the country, and the people who
consume this article pay them tribute.
Sir, it seems to me that there should be rea-
son in all things, that there should be some sort
of consideration of the exact condition of this
article. There is hardly a mine disconnected
from the railroad interests that can get over
seventy-five cents per ton for coal delivered
into the railroad car. Not more than a year
or two ago I visited the district in western Penn-
sylvania which has for its center the Cumber-
berland coal region. They could deliver coal
into the cars at a particular point at seventy-
five cents per ton, and it cost six dollars per
ton for railroad freighting. Look at that! The
coal interest is not prosperous, because these
people have a monopoly of that territory, and
because they put these restrictions upon the
development of the country and particularly of
the State that the gentleman [Mr. Cbeswell]
has so much at heart and so ably represents,
it really does nobody any good except those
connected with this railroad interest, who are
owners in both railroad and eoal mines, and
no territory can be developed unless it is owned
by them.
Mr. President, I should have contented my-
self with simply giving a vote in the affirmative
on the question brought up by the Senator
from Massachusetts had not the debate covered
the ground that I spoke of, and was it not as
clear to me as it is possible for anything to be
that the market for the gentleman's coal, if
this high duty be imposed, will be somewhere
else than where it now is, in New England..
Mr. CRESWELL. As the gentleman speaks
of the restricted policy of Maryland, I will
avail myself of this opportunity to give him
and all other capitalists like him an invitation
to come down and invest in our lands and
mines of all sorts. We shall give him a most
cordial welcome and be delighted to see him.
Mr. SPBAGUE. But we cannot doit. No
capitalists in this country can go into Maryland
with the restrictions put upon them by the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company. It is
an impossible condition of things. You cannot
develop another mine disconnected from that
railroad. Now, the gentleman is playing into
the hands of this great railroad interest and to
the prejudice of his State; and so are the gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania. There is not a
coal mine that can be developed at present
disconnected with the owners of the great sys-
tems of railroads who own coal lands. Nobody
is benefited by such a condition of things.
These States are not benefited. The coal lands
are not being developed. I know of these
things. I have had experience of them. I know
who gets the money. It is liot the people of
these States.
Mr. CONNESS. It is rather a late hour to
inflict even a short speech on the Senate, and
I shall confine myself to a very few remarks.
Mr. President, I was more interested in list-
ening to the brief speech of the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsox] than
to any other that has been made to-day. It
was a very singular speech, to my mind, for a
Senator from Massachusetts to make. 1 have
not the language before me, but the substance
of it was this, as I understood it: "This is not
a Massachusetts tariff,. It does not stop with
the protection of the products of the laborers
of Massachusetts, but it goes further and pro-
tects coal and wool and iron and steel and a
few other articles. There is something ex-
ceedingly scandalous in a high tariff. Who-
ever votes for or supports a high tariff must
expect to be abused, because it is something
that should not be done. Since you do not
confine this tariff to the support of Massachu-
setts interests, but go outside of them and make
a tariff to protect interests outside of Massa-
chusetts, we of Massachusetts wash our hands
of the whole matter; we take no further re-
sponsibility. You have stopped giving us all
the profits of a tariff; you now begin to divide
them with others, and those others must take
the odium : we will not bear it all." So I un-
derstand the honorable Senator in effect to
have spoken.
The honorable Senator will excuse me for
saying that that was not a speech for a Sena-
tor from Massachusetts to make at this time.
Massachusetts has arrived at her distinction
as a manufacturing State because of tariff;
because they gave the necessary protection
against the cheaper labor of Europe and other
portions of the earth, and enabled the me-
chanics of Massachusetts, paid better and
highei* wages for their labor than those of
England or France or Germany, to produce
articles and find a market _ for them at home
against the product of foreign labor. It was
laws for this purpose that made Massachusetts
what she is, preeminent now in the product
of nearly all the articles for which skilled
labor in this country is so remarkable in the
production of. But when she attains that
position, if you extend to others the same
kind of protection that she has had, and that
she yet wants, and that she can still profit by,
we are told "we wash our hands of it; we
have nothing to do with it; your iron and your
steel and your coal and your wool-producers
must, take the scandal of the attacks that are
made, for it is a kind of seaudalous business
at any rate !''
Mr. President, I do not know that'it ought
to be considered that protecting American in-
dustry is a scandalous business. The people
of the State that I in part represent pay more
to the manufacturers of Massachusetts and the
East, in proportion to their numbers, than the
people of any other State in the Union, by
reason of extravagant habits contracted during
a period of gold production for fifteen or
eighteen years last past. Our people probably
buy more to each inhabitant than any other
State in the Union. They produce less in the
shape of manufactured articles. They buy more
in proportion to what they consume ; and they
buy it where? Abroad? Not at all. They
would like undoubtedly to buy in the cheapest
market; but the wise legislators from Massa-
chusetts and the other States of the Union—
I say wise, I believe they were wise who so
legislated as to encourage the production of
articles necessary to man for many years past—
made such a home market and have protected
it so well that our people buy in it, and they
pay their money and they pay their profits to
eastern labor and eastern capital for what they
consume.
Sir, if California and I, as one of her Sena-
tors here, were to consider what might be called
the immediate interests of the people of that
State I should vote against all tariffs and vote
to import our goods from England, from Ger-
many, from France, from Italy, or wherever
they produce anything, getting those articles
that we require from the cheapest market. But,
sir, we believe that that is not good national
policy. We believe that we as a nation attain
abetter and more leading position in the world
by building up in our own country such indus-
tries as have made Massachusetts, Vermont,
and New Hampshire the great woi'kshops that
they are ; and we want to get into our own
midst those very manufactures by which they
have grown rich and opulent and powerful;
and there is no way for us to get them but by
favoring the passage of such laws as will en-
courage capital in engaging in those various
industries.
But the Senator from Massachusetts concedes
the whole argument by admitting that strokes
are to be given and received because we sup-
port the doctrine of protection. I do not con-
cede it, and I am less interested in maintain-
ing it than the Senator from Massachusetts. I
am prepared, in my humble way, to defend the
votes that I give here as given for the benefit
of the entire country, Massachusetts included,
Maryland with her coal included, New Eng-
land and Ohio and California with their wool
included, and Pennsylvania wilh her iron and
steel included. And who is it that will attack
us because that protection is given? Those
