1510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
if, in his judgment, such office or offices arc neces-
sary.
Mr. MORGAN. That is stricken out because
a similar provision was inserted in the legisla-
tive appropriation bill last year. I have the
law before me.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the bill
by inserting in section one, line six, after the
word "Oregon" the words "at Helena, in
Montana Territory so as to read:
That tho Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized and required to establish assay offices of the
United States for the receipt and for the melting, as-
saying and stamping of sold and silver at Portland,
Oregon, at Helena, in Montana Territory, and at
lioise City, in the Territory of Idaho.
Mr. MORGAN. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia really deems it necessary, as I suppose
he does from the statement he has made
here 
Mr. CONNESS. There is no doubt of it.
Mr. MORGAN. And if the Committee on
Territories have had applications on this sub-
ject, and they also concur in the propriety of
this amendment, I shall make no objection
to it.
Mr. WADE. Perhaps I am misunderstood.
I do not say that the Committee on Territories
have acted on the subject. I say applications
have frequently been made, and so far as we
considered them we thought favorably of them;
but we did not act definitely on the subject.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr._ CONNESS. I now move in section
one, line seven, to strike out the word "fifty"
and to insert "seventy-five;'' so as to read:
And that the sum of $75,000 be appropriated for
carrying the provisions of this section into eiiect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
first section of the bill by inserting after the
word " silver," in the sixth line, the words "at
St. Louis, Missouri."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
of the Senator what is the necessity for an assay
office there.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 was not aware that
this bill was coming up, and have not had time
to have any conversation with the committees
on the subject; but for the last year I have
been urged by the business men and merchants
of St. Louis to have an assay office established
there. I am not prepared at this moment to
say how far the necessity for the establishment
of an assay office there will be removed by the
establishment of the office at Helena, in Mon-
tana, and Loise City, in Idaho ; but I am pre-
pared to say that for the last couple of years a
very large quantity of gold has been brought to
St. Louis, the gold as it is mined, and we have
suffered very considerable inconvenience there
in consequence of the want of some standard,
some measure of the gold. I am inclined to
think that an assay office ought to be established
there. It is in the knowledge of Senators that
we have now a line of packets, several lines,
indeed, between St. Louis and Fort Benton, on
the Missouri river; and the entire business of
Montana Territory and a large portion of the
business of Idaho is done at St. Louis; that is,
the merchants lay in their stocks of goods,
groceries, dry goods, &c., at St. Louis, and
large payments are made in St. Louis. Here-
tofore those payments have been made in the
mineral as it was mined. Large quantities
are brought there and shipped down the Mis-
souri on packets, and very great inconvenience
has been sustained.
My attention has been called to this matter
by many of our business men in St. Louis dur-
ing the present winter; but owing to engage-
ments of another sort I have neglected it" and
really was not aware this bill was coming up at !
the present time. I had intended for the last I
two or three weeks to prepare a bill, and to 1
offer it; but finding a bill now pending on this i
subject, I move tho amendment; but at the
same time that I do it I am not prepared to ■
Jow 'ar the offices to be established under
the bill will remove the necessity. i
Mr. MORGAN. It seems to me that we
ought to have some information before we act
on this amendment. The Senator from Mis-
souri will bear in mind that if tho amendment
be adopted it will not be discretionary with the
Secretary of the Treasury to establish an assay
office at St. Louis if there is a public necessity
for it. By referring to the third and fourth
lines of the bill he will see that the Secretary
is " authorized and required " to establish assay
offices at the places named; and it seems to
me before we require him to establish an assay
office at St. Louis the necessity for it should
be shown.
Mr. HENDERSON. As to the necessity,
I have stated all I know in reference to it. I
cannot speak, and do not intend to speak, on my
personal knowledge, because I never make
statements here that I am not perfectly aware
of. I can only state what the business men of
St. Louis have written to me on the subject.
The Merchants' Exchange there took action
on tho subject last winter and have also done
so this winter, recommending and urging this
proposition, and the papers of the city, I be-
lieve without exception, of all parties are
urging it as an absolute necessity. However,
if it is thought improper to urge it at this point
of the bill, I will withdraw it and offer it as an
independent section, authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury, if he shall become satisfied of
,1he necessity of it, to establish an assay office
at St. Louis, so as not to require it to be done.
Mr. CONNESS. The necessity of an assay
office at St. Louis is a subject upon which I
would say nothing, for I know little; but I
know that New Orleans is not far off, where
assaying may be done. But what I rose to
suggest to the Senator was this: that if an
assay office should be required at St. Louis,
become a necessity there, it would require
quite a formidable institution, not such a one
as is provided by this bill in the Territories, for
they are of inconsiderable magnitude. What
St. Louis would require, if it requires one at
all, would be something corresponding to the
institution at New i'ork, and one that ought
to have duo inquiry and facts developed before
it is attempted. I make that suggestion to the
Senator because I have no doubt that is the
ease.
Mr. FESSENDEN. According to the Sen-
ator's own statement, the establishment of
these assay offices in Oregon and Idaho, and
especially in Montana, will do away with the
necessity for one at St. Louis.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not prepared to
say that that is not the case. Uncier the cir-
cumstances I will withdraw the amendment
until I can get further information on the sub-
ject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri withdraws his amendment
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time
It was read the third time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Some days ago I pre-
sented to the Senate a joint resolution of the
Legislative Assembly of the State of Oregon
protesting against the passage of this bill, not-
withstanding it proposes to establish an assay
ofhee at Portland, in Oregon. Three years ago
Congress passed a law establishing a branch
cioa S-.ate of 0reg°< and appropriating
£100,000 for its construction, and since I have
been here I have made diligent efforts to have
that money expended according to the require-
ment of the law. It has not been done, and
one reason and another has been assigned by
the Secretary of the Treasury, the chief one
being that there was no necessity for a branch
mint in Oregon, assuming, as it seemed to me,
by that decision to revise and correct the de-
cision which Congress had made on the sub-
ject. My efforts in that direction have been
wholly unavailing. During the last session a
hill was introduced into the other branch of
Congress by the Representative from Oregon !
to remove the branch mint from Dalles, where
it was located by the original act, to Portland,
where it ought to have been located in the first
place; but the House, instead of adopting the
bill which he proposed, passed the bill now
before the Senate, repealing the law that estab-
lished a branch mint in Oregon and substitut-
ing in place of it an assay office at Portland.
1 presented to the Committee on Finance,
who reported back this bill and recommended
its passage, with such considerations as oc-
curred to me to induce an unfavorable report
and to maintain the law which establishes a
branch mint in Oregon; but the committee
were unanimously in favor of reporting this
bill and repealing the law of 1864, and provid-
ing for an assay office at Portland. I do not
propose under such circumstances, and I hardly
suppose it is necessary, as the whole subject
was at one time thoroughly discussed before
the Senate, to go over tho arguments that were
then offered iu favor of this branch mint which
this bill proposes to repeal. I think there is
quite as much necessity for a branch mint in
Oregon, and it is not difficult to show, I think,
that there is more necessity for a branch mint
in Oregon than there is for one in Colorado
or even in Nevada, because Portland is the
point to which a very large proportion of the
gold that is made in Idaho is brought. The
commercial intercourse between Portland in
Oregon and the Territory of Idaho is very inti-
mate, and the business transactions are very
large. _ Much of the dust that is obtained in
Idaho is brought to Portland. If there was a
branch mint there it would do a very large
business, and I have no doubt would be of
advantage to the Government and to the people
of the country. But the amendment which
has been proposed by the honorable Senator
from California will probably produce the same
effect upon this bill that a vote against it will
in the Senate, so far as this session is con-
cerned. I presume that the bill will be re-
ferred in the House to a committee to examine
into the necessity of this amendment; and if
it be so referred, of course it will not be re-
ported back and passed at this session of Con-
gress. I can only, under the instructions I
have received from the Legislative Assembly
of my State, protest against the passage of this
bill. If it be the pleasure of the Senate to
overrule my objections and to adopt the report
of the committee, of course I shall be com-
pelled to acquiesce, and so will the people of
Oregon.
The bill was passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 234)
to incorporate the National Capital Insurance
Company, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, ana had
appointed Mr. E. C. Ingersoll, of Illinois,
Mr. Ulysses Mercur, of Pennsyl vania, and
■ • ' ■ Chan'lee, of New York, managers
at the same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills
and joint resolution; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate:
A bill (S. No. 347) to change certain collec-
tion districts in Maryland and Virginia ;
A bill, (S. No. 309) relative to collection
districts in North Carolina ;
A bill (S. No. 60o) to amend the twenty-first
section of an act entitled "An act further to
prevent smuggling, and for other purposes,"
approved July 18, 18G7; and
• A.i0i^ res°lution (S. R. No. 159) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to permit
the owner of the yacht Mayflower to change
the name of the same to that of Silvie, and to
issue an American register to the steam vacht
Glance.
