70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
President, who .may thereupon remove such officer,
and by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate appoint another person to such office. But
if the Senate shall refuse to concur in such sus-
pension, such officer so suspended shall forthwith
resume the functions of his office, and the powers of
the person so performing its duties in his stead
shall cease; and the official salary and emoluments
of such officer shall, during such suspension, belong
to the person so performing the duties thereof, and
not to the officer so suspended: Provided, however,
That the President, in caso he shall become satisfied
thatsueh suspension wasmade on insuffieientgrounds,
shall be, authorized at any time before reporting such
suspension to the Senate as above provided, to re-
voke such suspension and reinstate such officer in the
performance of the duties of his office.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the President
shall have power to fill all vacancies which may hap-
pen during thereeess of the Senate by reason of death,
resignation, expiration of term of office, or other law-
ful cause, by granting commissions which shall ex-
pire at the end of their next session thereafter. And
if.no appointment, by and with the advice and eon-
aent of the Senate, shall be made to such office so
vacant or temporarily filled, as aforesaid, duringsueh
next session of the Senate, such office shall remain in
abeyance, without any salary, fees, or emoluments
attached thereto until the same shall be filled by
appointment thereto, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate; and during such time all the
powers and duties belonging to such office shall bo
exercised bysuch other officer as may by law exercise
such powers and duties in case of a vacancy in- such
office.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That nothing, in
this act contained shall be construed to extend the
term of any office the duration of which is limited by
law.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask leave to offer an
amendment to the substitute.
Mr. HALE. I yield for that purpose with
the consent of his colleague, by whose courtesy
I hold the floor.
Mr. BROOMALL. I offer the following to
come in at the end of the substitute;
That in all cases of filling vacancies in public offices
by the President during the recess of the Senate
where, by the Constitution and laws of the United
States, appointments to such offices are required to
loe made by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, it shall be the duty of the President to
nominate persons to fill such offices to the Senate for
confirmation within ten days after the commence-
ment of its next session, or in cases of filling such
vacancies already done, within ten days after the
passage of this act. And no public officer so appointed
shall receive any compensation for his services after
the expiration of thesaidtendays.unlesswithin that
period his appointmcntshall have been presented to
the Senate for confirmation.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That whenever
any person whose nomination has been rejected by
tho Senate shall be appointed by the President to
fill a vacancy in the same office during the next re-
cess of the Senate, such officer shall receive no com-
pensation for his services ; and where such appoint-
ment has heretofore been made after such rejection,
the officer so appointed shall receive no compensa-
tion for his services after the passage of this aet;
and no officer appointed during the recess of tho
Senate shall receive compensation for his services
after his appointment shall have been rejected by
the Senate.
Sue. 3. And be it further enacted. That any public
officer who shall pay or receive any moneys, or advise
or connive at or consent to the payment of any
moneys, in violation o£the provisions of this act,
shall beheld guilty of Ifmisdemeanor in office, and
on conviction thereof, by impeachmentor otherwise,
shall be sentenced to removal from office, and shall
pay to the United States a sum equal to the amount
of moneys so paid or received, to be recovered, with
costs, by action of debt, in the name of anybody who
may institute such action, for the use and benefit of
the United States.
I merely desire to say that some time during
the discussion when the substitute comes up
I wish to submit a few remarks in favor of
my amendment.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I do not propose
to occupy the attention of the House for any
considerable time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the gentleman will
excuse me, I desire to inquire as a question
of order whether the question is to be taken
on the amendments pending in the first in-
stance? If so, I would rather the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Hale] would postpone
his remarks until we reach his amendment in
the regular way.
The SPEAKER. The question will occur
first on the various amendments that have
been offered by unanimous consent, and then
on the amendment to the substitute offered by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE. I have 110 objection to waiving
my right to the floor for the present.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams] can demand the
previous question on his pending amendment,
so as to have his bill perfected before the vote
is taken on the substitute.
Mr. FINOK. I wish to submit a few re-
marks on this bill, and ask the gentleman
whether he will yield to me now ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the gentleman will
wait till the proper time. It is not my purpose
to force action on this bill by any means, and I
shall be glad to hear suggestions and allow
amendments to be offered. But it seems to
me it is better to take up the questions in the
order stated by the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Williams] desires to perfect his
bill before allowing general debate on the bill;
that is, to have a vote on the amendments.
Mr. KASSON. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Williams,]
as the amendment proposed by me the other
day is in order as printed, I will explain the
object to be accomplished by it.
1 observe in the first section there is no limit-
ation of the power of removal by the provis-
ions of the bill to the civil service of the Uni-
ted States. It covers by its terms the Army and
Navy. Removals from both those branches
of the service are effected frequently as the
results of courts of inquiry and courts-martial.
Therefore, I trust the gentleman will consent
to insert after the words " United States" the
words "in the civil service;" so that it will
read, "That no officer of the United States in i
the civil service, appointed on the nomination j
of the President, by and with the advice and i
consentof the Senate, shall beremovable," &c. !
I then propose in the fifth and sixth lines I
to strike out the words "the same agencies |
which concurred in his appointment," which j
seem to be a little indefinite, and to insert the ;
words "impeachment and conviction, orbythe
President, with the consent of the Sefiate;" so
that removals may not seem to be prohibited
by the law as the result of impeachment.
I then propose in the seventh line, before the
word "office," to insert, in conformity with
what I have already said, the word "civil."
1 also propose in the twelfth line, with the
approval of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Williams,] to strike out the words
"Attorney General" and insert the words
" head of that Department under whose juris-
diction such officer may be.'' It is evident
that it will otherwise be a mere matter of rou-
tine. The misconduct must be first known to
the head of the Department, and on his repre-
sentation the action of the President must be
taken rather than on referring it to the Attorney
General, who is himself obliged to depend upon
the head of tho Department for his information. I
Then, at the conclusion of the section I pro- j
pose to add a proviso which may or may not <
bo agreeable to the gentleman from Pennsyl- !
vania, to except from the operation of the sec-
tion the heads of the several Departments and
their first assistants, who are their confidential
officers. As I stated the other day, I hardly
suppose it to be the opinion of either the com-
mittee or the House that a newly-elected Pres-
ident should not have the liberty when he is
borne into office or in the course of his subse-
quent public action, if he shall find it expedient,
to change his confidential advisers. It seems
to me to lie the theory of our Government that
the President is the party who is held respon- j
sible for the administration of the executive |
branch of the Government, and that these offi- '
cers are but his Secretaries. They are named ,
as such, and in order to hold him responsible !
for their conduct, we must give him the power j
under this aet of selecting these officers. And ;
having that power and that responsibility, j
he should also have the right to remove them
when they seem, in his judgment, to violate
their duty. I may also add that in the confi-
dential relations that they bear to the Presi-
dent in our foreign as well as domestic rela-
tions, it seems to me of the first consequence
that the President should be at liberty to re-
move these advisers and appoint others, even
in the vacation, without awaiting the consent I
of the Senate, on charges of misconduct which
might render them liableio impeachment.
As it is in that case, so is it in the Depart-
ments themselves. My experience in the Exec-
utive Departments teaches me the importance
of having confidential relations between the
first officer of the Secretary and the Secretary
himself. I do not think that in these two par-
ticulars we o.ught to interfere with what has
been the uniform practice of the Government.
With these remarks I will now recur to the
proposed amendments in their order, and in-
quire of my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Williams] whether they suit him. And first
as to the limitation to the civil service.
Mr. WILLIAMS. In regard to the sugges-
tions of the gentleman from Iowa, I have to
say that I do not know that it was the sentimeut
of the committee that any distinction would be
proper between civil officers and officers in the
military and naval service, since all these offi-
cers are appointable by the President now by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
We propose to enact, therefore, as well in
regard to them as to officers in the civil service,
that they shall not be removable at the mere
arbitrary will of the Executive of the United
States.
Mr. KASSON. If my friend will allow me,
I will say that they are not now so removable.
This in fact would limit the powers and reg-
ulations as they now exist. At present the
President cannot remove at his will an officer
of the Army or Navy, but after the action of a
court of inquiry or court-martial they may be
dismissed by the proceedings that appertain to
those two branches of the service, and this
limits the power as it now stands to dismiss
officers as the result of the proceedings of
courts-martial and courts of inquiry.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. I hope the gentleman will
excuse me for differing from him in regard to
the law. I think it has been ruled that the
President may exercise this power, or at all
events the practice has prevailed, in conform-
ity to the opinions of Attorneys General, that he
may turn an officer out of the military or naval
service of the Government without inquiry in
a court-martial or court of inquiry. By way
of meeting this difficulty, Congress some two
years ago, in 1863 or possibly in I860, passed
an aet, to which I had occasion to refer in my
opening remarks a few davs ago, providing that
where an officer in the military service was dis-
missed he should be entitled to demand a court
of inquiry or court-martial, and if not accorded
to him within six months, or if upon the grant-
ing of that request he should not be either con-
demned to death or dismissal from office, then
he should be restored to the place from which
the President had removed him. That shows
what is the sentiment of the House on this very
question, and it shows what the past practice
has been; because this act was a commentary
on that practice and was intended to put a stop
to it.
Now, as soon as the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Kassox] will show me sufficient cause for
distinguishing between these two departments
of the public service, then I will willingly yield.
I felt inclined myself—and I may say it now
—to suggest a provision in this bill to the ef-
fect that officers in these departments of the
public service should hold their offices during
good behavior, as 1 think they ought to do, but
1 did not think that the House would be pre-
pared Tor its adoption, and therefore I did not
think proper to offer it.
Mr. KASSON. I understand that in point
of fact the law does not permit the President
of the United States of his own will to remove
an officer of the Army and Navy. That is ad-
mitted to be the present law, and that justifies
the statement that I made that he cannot of
his own will do it. Now this amendment pro-
posed here, providing that 110 officer shall be
removable except by impeachment or by the
President, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, does prohibit removals as the result of
courts-martial as now allowed by law. I do
not apprehend that my friend from Pennsyl-
