1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1511
RECONSTRUCTION OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I gare notice
that at the first opportunity I should move to
proceed to the consideration of the Louisiana
bill, but seeing how the Senate is—["Let us
take it up now."] Very well. I was going
to move to take up one or two little bills before
that; but I agree with Senators about me that
everything else should be postponed for that.
I therefore move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the House bill known as
the Louisiana bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
BUSINESS OF MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON. Before the vote is taken on
that subject I should like to make a motion to
set apart to-morrow evening for the considera-
tion of some ten or a dozen little bills from the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BROWN. If you will give me half an
hour for my committee I shall not object.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can only be entertained by unanimous consent,
there being another motion pending.
Mr. WILSON. I move that by common
consent to-morrow evening be set apart for
the consideration of certain bills from the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BROWN. And the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask that Wednes-
day evening be set apart 
Mr. WILSON. That is set apart now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then that Thursday
evening be assigned for the consideration of
the bill pending between the House and the
Senate in reference to Indian affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Chair
is informed that Wednesday evening has been
set apart for the consideration of the business
of the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to suggest to the
Senator from Wisconsin that the bill, referred to
by him, at least in my opinion, ought not to be
considered at night. It should be considered in
a full Senate. It is a very important question
indeed as to what shall be done with Indian
affairs. I hope the Senator will call up that
bill in the daytime. I will vote with him to get
a vote upon it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to make a
suggestion to the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.] In his hot haste, I hope he
may bring up the question of Louisiana. I do
not care for long delay. I hope he may be able
to bring it up and I will give him my support
that it shall come on the tapis now.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have the
question put on my motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I understood this morn-
ing that the Niagara ship-canal bill was to come
up immediately after the passage of one or two
appropriation bills that would take time. It has
been understood that this was the next bill to
be considered. I consider it as important as
any other bill before us. I hope the Senate
will not take up any other bill until this Niagara
ship-canal bill is passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate, by unanimous consent, is
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr Wilson,] that to-morrow evening be as-
signed for the consideration of bills reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION OF LOUISIANA.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] to proceed to the
consideration of the Louisiana bill, and upon
this question the yeas and nays are ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken I
wish to say that I feel that it is the duty of the
Senate to proceed with the consideration of
that bill. I will not undertake to forfetell the
decision of the Senate upon it; but it should
be considered. It is a bill of too much mag-
nitude, and bearing too extensively upon the
great interests of the country and on the j
chances of peace and security, to be post-
poned. We ought to consider it; and so far
as I can exercise any influence here I must
insist that the Senate shall proceed with that,
and for a time put aside other business. My
friend from Michigan knows very well that I
am with him on his bill. I have always voted
for it; but he, too, must be in favor of a just
reconstruction in Louisiana. He knows how
these poor people there are suffering at this
moment for the want of such a system. I look
to him to help to establish such a system.
There ought to be no delay, no postponement.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am disposed to meet
the demon at the threshold. If the Senator
from Massachusetts desires to thrust upon us
the consideration of the Louisiana question I
would as soon meet it to-night as on any
adjourned day. Let it be met, disposed of,
determined for good or evil. There is a style
about the gentleman who represents the ex-
treme opinions on the other side that looks
like—I will not denominate the word; it will
be found in some good dictionary. If he de-
sires the rencontre that is involved in that,
the sooner the better. I would rather it should
be determined this night or at this midnight
or in the morning light of to-morrow than
adjourn it to a subsequent day. I am willing
to meet the question. I speak not for others,
but only for myself. I am willing to meet it
at the moment.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall take up this
bill now for consideration. I was among those
who thought we ought to take it up in prefer-
ence to the military bill. I voted for the mili-
tary government bill, but I should have pre-
ferred to take up the Louisiana bill and amend
it so as to extend its provisions to all of these
States. I think it would be a good thing to
pass the Louisiana bill, amended in some
respects, certainly in the fifth section so as to
extend the suffrage. I think that we can take
up the bill and amend it so as to make it equal
and just, and pass it, and then we shall have
the bill passed at the last session of the Senate,
if it is supported by the House of Representa-
tives, and we shall have this Louisiana bill going
to the root of the matter; and these rebels who
are in power will see that if they do not take
the one they must come to the other. I think
these rebels who are in power ought to be dis-
possessed of that power at the earliest possible
moment. Sir, the great charge that the coun-
try has made against the President ofthe United
States, the great wrong that he has done the
country, is, that when we had conquered the
rebellion ; when, by his own confession, there
was no authority in these States; when the
rebels were all out of power; when these States
were without civil governments; when they
were completely under the government of the
nation, he, without consulting Congress and
without the authority of law, by his own will
put these ten States into the hands of the trai-
tors. Sir, I believe that the President, in doing
that act, was guilty of as great a wrong against
the country as General Grant would have been
had he surrendered his army at Appomattox
Court-House to General Lee after General
Lee's army was driven out of Richmond. Had
General Grant surrendered the Army of the
Potomac on that field to General Lee's shat-
tered army I do not think he would have done
a greater wrong to the country than the Presi-
dent has done in putting thene ten States back
into the hands of traitors. The first duty we
owe to the country, and it is a duty that has
been too long neglected, is to remove these
traitors from power in the rebel States. I do
not raise the question whether they are States
or Territories. These rebels have no right in
power whether they are States or Territories.
Offices held by rebels should be immediately
vacated. Justice to loyal men, protection to
life, liberty, and property, duty to the country,
demand that rebels should vacate offices held
by them.
I have this evening read a letter from the
editor of the Savannah Republican. I will
give his name, as objection was made by the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] that we
did not give the names of the writers of letters
quoted there. I give the name of Mr. Hayes, the
editor of the Savannah Republican. He -was
put in possession of the old Savannah Re-
publican by General Sherman's positive order
when General Sherman entered Savannah ; Mr
Hayes came North, begged money, obtained
subscriptions, bought new type, the old being
nearly worthless, and went on with the paper;
and the first thing he knows the old owner comes
! back with an autograph letter from the Presi-
dent demanding him to give it up, and not
only claiming the paper, but the new type. Mr.
Hayes, editing a loyal paper, and a paper that
lias supported the country, has just been tried
for saying that Mr. Cohen, who has been,
elected to Congress in that district, and who
was a postmaster when the war commenced,
and turned over the assets of his office to the
rebel government, was a defaulter; and for
saying that Cohen was a defaulter he has just
been tried before a rebel jury, under a rebel
judge, and convicted of a libel. For saying
that a postmaster who turned over the Govern-
ment property to the rebellion was a defaulter
to his country, he has been sent for one year to
the common jail and fined $1,000. That is the
justice that is meted out to loyal men in that
part of the country.
Sir, these rebels have no right to be in office.
They have no right to hold these offices. Here
is a bill that dispossesses them in one State;
a State where they had, I will not call it a riot,
for it was made a massacre, where a large
number of men were murdered without cause,
and many others wounded without cause ; a
State where we have a strong, earnest, and
devoted class of Union men. This bill pro-
poses to try the experiment there. It turns
these men out of power and provides that the
President, with the consent of the Senate, shall
appoint a provisional governor for that State.
I think it will produce order there ; that it will
place men in power who, if not entirely loyal,
are earnest men and will do justice. Then
these rebels will see that if they do not conform
to the requirements of the act passed at the last
session ofthe Senate, if it shall become a law,
they will be put out of power, Governors will
be appointed and means taken to put the gov-
ernment into the hands of loyal men, where it
ought to be; and then our military act will
come to the support of a loyal Governor and
loyal authority. The loyal Governor and loyal
council will be supported by the military power
of the country. They will be in harmony, and
justice will come to all. By the present sys-
tem the rebels are in power, and if the Army,
clothed with the authority we have given in
the bill passed yesterday, is able to mete out
justiee to Union men and to protect them, it
must do it in conflict to the rebel authorities,
who deny that justice. I want to try the ex-
periment during the next few months in a State
where we have a loyal Governor and where the
rebels are out of power. I believe that if this
Louisiana bill, modified so as to extend suffrage
to the mass of the people in that State, can be
passed and become a law, it witl be of incalcu-
lable value to the cause of the Union, the cause
of liberty, and the cause of justice in the
country.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. With the permission of
theSenatorfromMassachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,]
I desire to submit a motion in regard to the
consular and diplomatic appropriation bill
which passed the Senate this afternoon, in
I order to correct an error which inadvertently
happened in that measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can be entertained only by general consent,
there being another motion before the Senate.
Is there any objection?
Mr. GRIMES. I prefer that there shall be
a motion to reconsider.
