1512
the congressional globe
February 18,
Mr. MORRILL. I make that motion with
a yiew of submitting an amendment to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (H.
R. iSo. 004) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1868,
and for other purposes, was passed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to a
third reading.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move to amend the
bill on page 4, line eighty-six, by inserting
after the word u Quebec" the word Munich,'
so as to transfer that consulate, which is in
schedule B, the effect of which would be to
take it out of the consularships with a salary
of SI,000, and place it among those that are
paid $1,500. I was instructed^ by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to move this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
the bill on page 5, line one hundred and seven,
by adding $500 to the gross sum appropriated
in that clause, so as to make it $429,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In the thirty-second line of
the first section I move to strike out the words
"sixty-five" and to insert "thirty;" so that
the clause will read:
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
$30,000.
Before the war the amount appropriated and
the amount appropriated in 18(10 for this pur-
pose was $20,000. It was payable in gold, and
it is payable in gold now. I propose to reduce
it from $65,000 to a sum fifty per cent, more
than we paid before the war, $30,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We reduced it last year
somewhat.
Mr. GRIMES. It waa $80,000. During the
war it was necessary that an extra amount
should be appropriated for this purpose. It
may be that the condition of our diplomacy
is such as to require more than was appropri-
ated six years ago. In order to obviate any
trouble that might arise from cutting it down
to the amount that was thus allowed, I propose
to allow fifty per cent, more than wa3 allowed
in 1860, namely, $30,000, as against $20,000
allowed at that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is, as the Senator
says, that before the war there was only about
twenty thousand dollars appropriated for this
purpose. After the war had commenced it was
increased to $80,000 from the necessity of the
case, and afterward to $100,000. Last year
$80,000 was asked for again, if I recollect
aright, and the Committee on Finance struck
it down to $50,000; but the State Department,
on looking into it, stated .that they could not
get along with the necessary expenditures for
contingent expenses with less than $65,000,
and it was put at $65,000. I do not know but
what we struck it down to $40,000 at first. I
believe we did. I am not very sure of the
accuracy of my recollection in that particular.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was struck down in
the Senate, and then raised I think afterward.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We reported a less sum
from the Committee on Finance, and finally
fixed it at $65,000 after consultation with the
% State Department, that being supposed to be
the sum that was absolutely necessary. I do
not know, I am not permitted to know, at least
I hare never made application to know, and I
really do not know anything about the details
of the expenditure of this fund for contingent
expenses. I cannot tell, therefore, from my
own observation, how much or how little is
necessary. I was of Opinion last year that the
amount which we had been in the habit of
appropriating for two or three years previous
should be reduced. I am unable to say how
much is needed for this purpose. I only know
that we fixed it last year, after consultation
had been had with the State Department, and
the assurance given that $65,000. was requisite.
We have appropriated for something in the
nature of contingent expenses at this session
in one act the sum of $250,000 to the State
Department, being satisfied that they needed
it for a special purpose. How much ot it has
been used, or how much of it will be necessary
for the particular purposes to which it was
appropriated, I am unable to say. No com-
munication has been had with the State De-
are a great many who are uninitiated, and
among those I think may be classed Senators
now and hereafter. The honorable chairman
of the Finance Committee says he had no
figures and never had any, but he has no rea-
son to believe but that the moneys have always
been economically expended by the State De-
partment. The chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs says he knows nothing about
nartment on that subject. I presume it would I it at all, but draws upon his faith in the House
Sot be used for any of the purposes covered by j committee and the autl^
this particular appropriation. I am really
unable to state anything about this matter.
We are obliged to take many of these things
on the faith of the Departments. I believe
that money in the State Department has been |
very economically expended always. I think
there has been no occasion for complaint in
that particular.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Mr. GRIMES. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I have simply to say that
this amendment will leave to the Secretary for
this specific purpose fifty per cent, more than
he had before the war. In addition to that,
since this session of Congress convened, we
have placed in his hands $250,000 beside. I
think that ought to be ample for him to con-
duct the affairs of the Government in our for-
eign relations.
Mr. SUMNER. It does not belong to me
to vindicate this appropriation. I have no in-
structions with regard to it from any quarter,
neither from the committee I have the honor
to represent here nor from any other person;
and I have had no communication on the sub-
ject, but I have reason to believe that this waa
not inserted in the bill originally in the House,
from which it came, without authority.
Mr. GRIMES. " Authority 1''
Mr. SUMNER. Without authority, I say.
I presume that the committee of the House
had evidence before them as to the amount
required. I thought it very possible also that
the Finance Committee of the Senate might
have had evidence; but the chairman of that
committee tells us he has no particular infor-
mation on the subject. I presume, therefore,
that he like myself takes it on the authority of
the House and of the House committee. I
presume that the House committee would not
report such a sum unless they had before them
the data which would justify such an appro-
priation ; and in the absence of any counter
evidence, it seems to me it would be rash on
our part to undertake to set their judgment
aside. I certainly am no stickler for such an
appropriation. I am very anxious to bring
every Department of this Government to a just
accountability, and I do not except the Depart-
ment of State from that desire ; but I have no
evidence before me, and I see none before the
Senate, that can justify us in interfering with
this appropriation. If the Senator from Iowa
has the evidence, let him produce it, as I un-
derstand he simply announces that there was
a certain appropriation made before the war.
Then he jumps to the conclusion argal no ap-
propriation now should be made larger than
that which was made before the war.
Mr. GRIMES. This is one half larger.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says this is
one half larger. That does not alter the case.
The question is, whether the committee of the
House when they introduced it into the appro-
priation bill had data to justify the appropria-
tion to this extent. I know no reason to the
contrary, and in the absence of any reason to
the contrary the Senator from Iowa must ex-
cuse me if I cannot embark with him on his
fearless speculation. I know he is a bold naval
officer, but I do not see how we can venture to
follow him now.
Mr. CONNESS. Foreign affairs as managed
and carried on are very mysterious. Mystery
seems to be a material part of the system.
Certainly it may be said with truth that there
which that committee was instructed. Itseems,
indeed, to me to be rather a queer proceeding
and a loose handling of money. I incline to
think that if we asked for an appropriation
here for some great improvement or commer-
cial advancement in connection with the Pacific
States involving thirty or sixty thousand dol-
lars, there would be a very close inquiry at
once directed as to where the money was to
go; what we were to get in return. And finally,
in the process of investigation, the Senator
from Iowa is challenged and asked to prove
that the money is not well spent, and if he
cannot prove a negative it is supposed he has
lost the case.
Well, Mr. President, I am like all the other
Senators: I know nothing about it. It does
appear to me that committees ought to be able
to enlighten us in regard to these things. Al-
ready it has been stated that a minister repre-
senting us at a foreign country, who was pro-
hibited from payment by law, had received his
compensation. It was guessed, as it must ne-
cessarily be if he did receive it, that that com-
pensation came from a contingent fund con-
nected with the State Department. I do not
think that anything beyond what may be called
the secret service money of the Government is
beyond investigation. 1 know there is another
contingent fund of $50,000, but as I have ob-
served, there are no expenditures that are made
by this Government in connection with its for-
eign affairs that are beyond investigation but
those involved in what is called the secret ser-
vice fund. As to all other expenditures we
ought to know, and ought not to be called upon
to prove a negative. I feel very much inclined
in this state of the case to vote with the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know what evi-
dence it is necessary to submit to the Senate
in order to justify an appropriation of this kind.
I believe that this bill proceeds upon the same
ground as other appropriation bills. When-
ever an estimate is made by a Department, that
estimate is submitted to the committees, and,
if it is a customary estimate, I believe it is the
practice of the Committees on Finance to adopt
the estimates that are submitted and report
them to Congress, and it is most usual for the
committees to be furnished with the evidence
of the necessity of the appropriation, or to
accompany the report with evidence to the
body that there is a necessity for that appro-
priation.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to ask the Senator
whether these estimates are not itemized. I
think they are always itemized.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think not. There are
only certain estimates that are itemized ; but
where an estimate is made for the contingent
expenses of any particular Department of the
Government, or where it is desired by any de-
partment that a certain sum should be appro-
priated for a certain purpose, it is not custom-
ary to state the particular items for which the
money is to be expended; and in a case of
this description it would, I suppose, be impos-
sible to submit any items, because the money
is to be used as the emergencies of the Depart-
ment may require. There are no specific pur-
poses, as I understand, to which this money
is to be applied, but it is a fund which is placed
in the hands of the Secretary to use somewhat
at his discretion, to promote the interests of
the country; and this estimate, as it was
submitted to the committee, was $05,000, and
it was reduced by the committee last year.
I do not know that there is any evidence, I do
not know that any can be procured unless at
