1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1513
application is made to the proper Department.
I suppose the Secretary of State may be re-
quired at any time by resolution of Congress
to show in what manner he expends the money
placed at his disposal, and it would not be dif-
ficult for Congress to ascertain whether it is or
is not properly expended. I think the ob-
jection which lies to this appropriation would
lie to very many others, and it seems to me not
tenable.
Mr. GRIMES. I am very much gratified to
get the information that I do from the Senator
from Oregon. I have never been able to suc-
ceed before in penetrating into the mysteries
of the Finance Committee of the Senate and
knowing what was the basis on which they
acted in reporting for or against appropriations.
I had fancied that when they reported an appro-
priation bill they knew specifically what the
requirements of the Department were, and what
the necessities of the case were that made the
demand for each particular appropriation. It
seems, however, from the statement of the
Senator from Oregon, that the committee
accept the estimates as final and complete
upon their judgment, and that they report them
to the Senate whatever they may be. When,
however, we, who are the representatives of
particular departments, propose an amendment
upon any given bill, we are not only required
by the Finance Committee to prove that the
Department asks for the appropriation, but
we have to go on and convince the judgment of
the Finance Committee that the public inter-
ests require that that appropriation shall be
made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator if that
is true of the usual appropriations.
Mr. SUMNER. I think I must ask the Sen-
ator now to proceed 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us finish this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. This was taken up infor-
mally. ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is up, and let us
finish it.
Mr. SUMNER. I want to have the Louisi-
ana bill taken up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wait till we get through
with this.
Mr. GRIMES. Now, Mr. President, with
regard to this particular appropriation, by a
reference to the estimates of last year it will
be observed that the State Department esti-
mated for $80,000, which was the amount we
had appropriated the year before. We cut the
appropriation down to $65,000, and this year
they do not estimate for $80,000, as they did
last year; but they estimate for $65,000, pre-
cisely the same sum which we fixed here arbi-
trarily in the Senate as the proper amount they
should have. Now, if we can cut it down to
$30,000 this year, their estimate for this pur-
pose next year will be $30,000, the amount we
fix it at, neither more nor less. They will just
take up the appropriation bill of the preceding
year and direct a clerk to copy it off, specifying
the amounts that were voted the year before.
That seems to be their rule.
I think it is hardly fair that the Senator from
Massachusetts should call on me to prove a
negative to show that this money is not re-
quired. It is for the affirmative side to show
that it is required. I show that in a like con-
dition of the country, when we were at peace,
$20,000 for this purpose was enough. It is
therefore incumbent on them, I think, to show
that in a like condition of the country a greater
amount is required than was given them, and
yet I am content to allow them fifty per cent,
more than we gave them in 1860.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe I shall vote against
the motion of my honorable friend from Iowa.
I ordinarily have very great confidence in any
proposition that he may make, and I usually
have as much distrust of anything that is sup-
ported by the Senator from Massachusetts; but
I feally believe to-night those Senators some-
how or other have swapped seats. I think the
Senator from Iowa has got upon the wrong side,
and by a very great chance the Senator from
Massachusetts has got upon the right side.
But, in addition to that, I am a strong con-
vert to the ability and vigilance and fidelity of
the Secretary of State. It is true that I was
a long time coming to any such faith and con-
fidence as that; but for the last year or two
the honorable Secretary has been behaving so
very well in his office, with so much patriotism
and with such a fidelity, not only to the duties
of his place, but to the demands of the Consti-
tution and of proper policy in the administra-
tion of the Government generally, that he has
won very greatly indeed upon my feelings. I
never doubted the ability of the Secretary of
State. He proved that many years ago in his
early manhood, when he was Governor of the
great State of New York, and he assumed the
heretical position that where a man was indicted
as a criminal in one State and he fled to another
State and was demanded in conformity to the
Constitution by the Governor of the State from
whence he fled he could not be surrendered to
be tried upon an indictment in the State from
whence he came unless the act which he was
charged to have committed was an offense in
the State to which he fled. I considered that
a very dangerous position. I recollect when that
principle was enunciated by the Governor, Mr.
Granger, who was then a member of the House
of Representatives from the State of New York,
responded to it in about this way: '' That is a
very grave error, I conceive, of the Governor
of my State, because it would operate against
some of the great interests of the State of New
York. She has a great canal, a great internal
channel of commerce. In that canal are most
magnificent and expensive locks. It is made
a felony by the laws of New York for any man
to destroy one of those locks. Now, according
to the principle laid down by the Governor of
New York, if a man who had committed the
crime of blowing up the locks of the great
Erie canal should become a fugitive from jus-
tice by betaking himself to the State of Ken-
tucky, that State having no canals, conse-
quently no canal locks, and consequently no
laws making the destruction of a canal lock a
felony, according to the principle enunciated
by the Governor, if he himself was to demand
this fugitive from the State of Kentucky, the
Governor of that State wcmld not surrender
him to the justice of the laws and courts of
New York, because the destruction of a canal
lock was not a felony by the laws of Kentucky.''
But, Mr. President, that question has become
among the things that were. Most States now
have canals and canal locks, and they have
made the destruction of those locks a felony
punishable by confinement in the penitentiary.
This is rather a digression I admit from the
matter that is under consideration; but I could
not forbear to get up and express my full con-
currence with the position and remarks of the
Senator from Massachusetts, and however pain-
ful and unpleasant it is me to dissent so essen-
tially and distinctly from my honorable friend
who represents the State of Iowa, I feel that I
am constrained by a just consideration of the
subject to give my vote with the generally
heretical Senator from Massachusetts, and
against the generally sound and correct states-
man who represents in part the State of Iowa.
I shall therefore vote against the motion of my
honorable friend from Iowa.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I believe the appro-
priation last year for this object was reduced
on my motion some $20,000. I have had no
information since last session on this subject.
It seems to me we are voting very much in the
dark upon it. Our committees do not seem
to have investigated it. The chairmen of the
Committees on Foreign Relations and on Fi-
nance both avow their ignorance on the subject.
I think under such circumstances it is rather
perilous to reduce this appropriation, or at
least to reduce it so largely as from sixty-five
to thirty thousand dollars. I would not object
very much to voting for some reduction—not
so great however—trusting that the committee
of conference, which of course will be held on
this bill, will Eave more information than we
have, and fix it about right. Bat as the Sen-
ator from Iowa moves to reduce it so very much
I am constrained to vote against his particular
proposition.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I will
not in this instance, as I believe I have never
done, vote against any appropriation which is
deemed by the head of a Department necessary
for properly carrying on the functions of that
Department. But I cannot sit quietly in my seat
and hear a eulogy pronounced by my friend
from Kentucky upon the present Secretary of
State of the United States. Sir, he "tinkled
that little bell," and the people of the State
that I represent suffered too much from his
touching that little bell for me to remain quiet-
ly, silently in my seat when a enlogy is pro-
nounced upon any such man. Sir, I regard
him as the Mephistopheles of the age—a man
who for twenty years had been preaching doc-
| trines which led to the dissolution of the Fed-
j eral Union. When an encomium, a eulogy is
j pronounced upon any sueh man as that, in sor-
! row and in sadness I rise in my place, while
i voting for the bill, to protest against the eulogy.
I Sir, great complaints are made against An-
| drew Johnson, President of the United States,
j my present friend, as I am his. But what can
he do? With William H. Seward on one hand
and Edwin M. Stanton on the other, what could
you expect any man to do? He has fulfilled,
as far as he could, the office of patriotism, and
discharged with patriotic fidelityevery obliga-
tion that he owed to the Constitution of his
country; but surrounded by such men he could
do nothing more. Discarding them when he
took his stand upon the platform of constitu-
tional American liberty he wonld have com-
manded the respect of the civilized world.
With them as his advisers he has done the best
he could; but they are dragging him down
to-night in the face of the civilized world, and
trying to make a compromise with the Senate
and House of Representatives. I hope he will
regard the great behests of the Constitution,
and bv the eternal God, whom he adores, dis-
card the counsels of such men—discard them
from his Cabinet, get them out of his coun-
cils—and then the American people will rally
to Andrew Johnson, as all the patriotic hearts
now beat in unison with his purposes, his
hopes, his objects.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I find, Mr. President,
that at the last session I submitted a motion
for reducing this item in the appropriation bill
from $80,000 to $50,000. Subsequently, and
after debate, on motion of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] the amount was fixed
at $40,000. What was done subsequent to that
in the committee of conference I am not aware.
I believe the amount was increased. I should
lie willing now to vote to fix this sum at the
amount which was settled in the Senate after
debate last session—$40,000.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I had no ex-
pectation when I pronounced what my friend
from Delaware called a eulogy on the Secre-
tary of State, of bringing down upon myself,
" like a thousand of brick," the torrent of his
indignant eloquence. I know that my honor-
able friend has a Christian and magnanimous
heart, and I ask him if he does not feel that
there is a locus pcenitentice for any man, even
for the vilest political sinner? I conceded in
my remarks that the Secretary of State, in bis
former life, according to my judgment, had
been a very considerable political sinner, and
that I dissented very essentially from his prin-
ciples and practices ; but since radicalism has
assumed so malignant a type, and has become
so powerful and so threatening of mischief and
ruin to our constitutional form of Government
and to the Union, I think the honorable Secre-
tary of State has behaved very well, ably, patri-
otically, and that if this administration of his
Department for the last eighteen months or two
years could be measured by the principles of
the Constitution it would be found t  square
essentially very well with them. Certainly the
foreign relations of our Government, under his
administration, have been managed with very
signal tact, judgment, ability, and statesman-
