74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11.
the civil service with our legislation in regard
to military matters. Officers of the Army and
Navy are now protected from peremptory dis-
missal, and they can only be deprived of their
commissions by sentence of a court-martial or
by commutation of some more severe sentence,
such as the sentence of death.
As there is no necessity for making a sin-
gle provision in this beyond the civil service, I
hope it will be limited to that line of Govern-
ment patronage, to the regulation of officers
appointed in the exercise of Government
patronage for civil service.
It is limited, it is true, to time of peace; and
there is, I think, another proper discretion
exercised by the legislative power. If this bill
passes without limiting it to civil officers, then
in time of war, in case of cowardice in the
presence of the enemy, or in case of any other
flagrant offense, the arbitrary power which will
give safety and perfect control to the war-mak-
ing power over the officers who are operating
in making that war must be done away with
and everything come within the provision of
this law. I hope the law in regard to naval
and military officers will stand as it is now,
allowing peremptory and arbitrary dismissal in
time of war, but that when war has ended, in
time of peace, it shall be only on sentence of
court-martial.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If my friend had adverted
to the amendment already adopted on motion
of the gentleman from Iowa, he would have
noticed that removals or dismissals shall only
be by sentence of court-martial. If he makes
it read that no civil officer shall be removable
except under these circumstances he will then
see what will be the effect of his amendment.
Mr. SOHENOK. The amendment can only
be cumulative as it is now provided for by law.
If this bill has been so amended it only accom-
plishes, .the same thing in less precise way than
is now provided by law. It is another argu-
ment why we should confine this bill to its
application to civil officers.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The gentleman would
make it read so that no civil officers shall be
removable except by court-martial.
Mr. SCHENCIC. That can be reconsidered
so as to make this apply to civil officers ex-
clusively. If the motion prevails which I now
«. make, and I do not move -it pro forma, I will
move to reconsider'the vote by which the words
"court-martial," &c., were inserted.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am very glad to know
what I had not observed before, that on the
last night of the last session a section was got
into the Army bill repealing that section from
which the President seems to derive authority
to dismiss without trial.
' But I wish to say; Mr. Speaker, that for the
very reason which the gentleman has stated
induced him to put in the word "civil," I
hope it will not be inserted. For he himself
confesses that as the law now stands, although
the President cannot remove summarily an
officer of the Army in time of peace, he may
do it in time of war. Now, at the very time
when officers most need protection of their
rights by court-martial, when the passions of
a superior officer may be most likely to seek
their removal without trial, the gentleman pro-
poses to allow the President to remove them
summarily. I hope that all officers of the Gov-
ernment will have by this bill a ground to stand
upon, and that none of them, whether civil or
military, maybe removed at the will and pleas-
ure of any officer of the United States.
I hope therefore that the word "civil" will
not be inserted here, but that the provision
will be made even more sweeping than the
gentleman has shown the law now to be in
reference to military men, so that neither in
time of war nor of peace shall any officer of
the Army or Navy be dismissed from service
without either a decision of a court-martial or
by the President with the consent of the Senate.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Schenck to insert the word "civil" in
section one, line three, there were—ayes 71,
noes 29.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I propose to amend the first
section m the sixteenth line, by striking out
the word "ten" and inserting "twenty," so
that it will read, "and it shall be the duty of'
the President, within twenty days after the next
assemblage of that body, to report to it the
fact of such suspension." This question was
considered in the select committee on retrench-
ment, and I understand the amendment is sat-
isfactory to the gentleman who has charge of
the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move further to amend by
adding at the close of the section the following:
But the salary and emoluments of sucli office shall,
during such suspension, belong to the person so tem-
porarily commissioned and performing the duties of
such office.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move a further amendment,
to come in at the end of the section after the
last amendment, as follows:
Provided, That the President, in case he shall be
satisfied that suet suspension was made on insuffi-
cientgrouuds, shall be authorizedat any time before
reporting such suspension, as above provided, to"
revoke such suspension and reinstate such officer in
the performance of the duties of his office.
It simply enables the President when he shall
be satisfied that the suspension has been unad-
visably made to revoke the suspension without
going through the form of sending it to the
Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I take it for granted he
can do it at any rate before he has made his
report. It will do no harm, however.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I ask unanimous consent
to strike out certain words which were inserted
in the first section. In consequence of oppo-
sition to the amendment which I proposed, to
insert the word "civil," I moved to amend
by inserting the words "sentence of court-
martial, or by impeachment and conviction,
or by the President with the consent of the
Senate which was adopted. The word "civil"
having since been inserted, it becomes neces-
sary to strike out the words '' sentence of court-
martial or by."
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next amendment in
order is that proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] to strike out all
after the word "adjournment," in section two,
line three, and insert what will be read by the
Clerk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
That every person who has been, or shall hereafter
be, nominated to the Senate foroffiee, and "who shall
fail to receive the advice and consent of the Senate
thereto, shall be incapable of holding any executive
office under the United States for the term of three
years alter such resection, unless two thirds of the
Senate shall relieve him of such disability. The pre-
decessor of any nominee rejected by the Senate shall
still continue to hold his said office. Whenever any
person has assumed office, and.isdischargingits duties
on the nomination of the President before he has been
confirmed by the Senate, on his rejection all thesub-
ordinates or deputies who have been appointed by
him, or on his recommendation, shall vacate their
places and cease to act.
Mr. STEVENS. The present bill provides
that the President shall not appoint a rejected
party to the same office. Now, sir, that does
not satisfy me. We are acting upon this ques-
tion as if the constitutional requirements had
not been followed and we are providing how
hereafter these offices are to bo disposed of.
We know, for I may refer to that now, that
since the last session of Congress a class of
the meanest men that God over overlooked in
making mankind have been appointed to office
and are now awaiting the rejection or confirm-
ation of the Senate. I have no doubt that a
great many of them will be rejected, but if the
President is allowed to appoint them to any
other offices he will reward them all. He
understands taking care of just such men ; they
are naturally his wards; and although he may
not be allowed to appoint them to the same
offices, he will roll them over into something
else that will be as distasteful to the public
mind as their present appointments. Now, if
they have been tried and found wanting by the
Senate give them one year to purify themselves
before they shall be appointed to any other
executive office, and some gentlemen think it
will take more than that. I must, therefore,
insist that these men shall be punished, if you
please, for having consented to the meanness of
becoming reptiles to crawl into office through
such slimy places as they have done during the
time that we have been "swinging around the
circle," [laughter,] and that everything done
by them shall be considered as a nullity. I
confess to my desire to punish these men by
refusing them not only these offices, but all
others. I have no objection if it is looked upon
as a little stigma in their neighborhood. I
think that the fact of their acceptance of office
is evidence that they are too mean to hold it,
too dishonest to be trusted with it.
Mr. HALE. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. The distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has been com-
plimented by several of his associates upon
this floor as having suddenly become conserv-
ative. [Laughter.] I was delighted to wit-
ness it and welcome his accession to those
ranks ; but I regret to say, that with the zeal
common to neophytes he goes far beyond what
those heretofore considered as in some meas-
ure sustaining the President have been willing
to go. The gentleman proposes to put into
the hands of the President alone, without the
concurrence of anybody whatever, such power
as I think never was intrusted to anyone man
in this Government. For, let us consider, if
the President should no initiate any person to
any office who shall be rejected by the Senate
—and the gentleman will bear in mind that it
does not necessarily presuppose the consent
of the person nominated—that rejection rend-
ers the person so nominated incapable of hold-
ing any office except when relieved of the dis-
qualification in one particular manner.
Mr. STEVENS. I will run the risk of
being punished in that way.
Mr. HALE. We all know that the gentle-
man is competent for almost any position on
the face of the earth, and yet there may be
positions for which, if the President in hostility
/should think fit to nominate him, the Senate
might deem him unfitted. He might not, for
instance, be considered by the Senate a suit-
able person to command a regiment, or to be
general-in-ehief of the Army, or a captain in
the Navy; and yet the President has nothing to
do but to send in the name of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania for such an office, and if the
Senate, deeming him not particularly qualified
for service in that line, should reject^ him, we
know how mueli we should all regret his invalu-
able services here. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. In-that ease I should come
to the gentleman and ask him to unite with
others to get the Senate to taket off the disabil-
ity, so that I might take the office which he
would desire me to hold, and I am sure they
would do it.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman does not mean
that; he would not come to me for such a pur-
pose, because I should have no weight in that •.
line. But the House cannot fail to see the
absurdity to which the amendment of the gen-
tleman leads. If the President desires to get
rid of General Grant he has nothing to do but
to nominate him for Chief Justice and let the
Senate reject him for that office, and the office
of General is vacant and the present holder
disqualified.
I cannot believe that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania seriously proposes to put this
power into the hands of the President, and
although I have heretofore to some extent
been considered a mild supporter of the Presi-
dent, I cannot go that length. 1 trust, there-
fore, that his amendment will be rejected.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Stevens.
