1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
ability, fidelity, zeal, and integrity in the public
service, and we shall not be called upon to in-
crease either salaries or the number of offices.
It is safe lo assert that the number of offices
may be diminished one third, and the efficiency
of the whole force of the civil service increased
one half, with a corresponding reduction of sal-
aries for discontinued offices, if a healthy sys-
tem of appointment and discipline be estab-
lished for its government.
THE PROPOSED REMEDY.
The several Departments of the civil service
arc established by law ; they are necessary for
the proper administration of the Government;
the salaries of the subordinate officers are fixed
by statute, and are the subject of annual appro-
priations, and as compared with the.amounts
paid in other countries for similar services
are ample and even liberal. The proposition
upon which the bill is founded is, that the peo-
ple are entitled to the best ability that can be
obtained for the money they pay for the ser-
vice required. This result is sought to be
attained by tests and scrutiny applied to each
person who seeks to enter this service. It is
much easier and far better to exclude the
ignorant, the incapable, the careless, the lazy,
the idle, and the dissolute at the threshold,
than to eject them if under partisan favor they
are once admitted. Our present mode, as al-
ready described, is to appoint the man first
and try to teach and discipline him afterward.
The result is, that when once admitted into
office, the incumbent does as little as, and no
more than, will suffice to keep his place. Some-
times, also, persons of positive vices gain
admission into the service.
This committee have initiated inquiries into
the conduct of peculators in some Departments,
and two committees of the House are now en-
gaged in developing fraudulent practices, and
seeking evidence against those who perpetrate
them. It is certain that there are swindlers and
thieves in the pay of the Government who cause
a greater loss to it than the amount of their
salaries. If only men of honesty and good
repute were admitted into the service we should
have less need of these investigating commit-
tees and their barren results. It is easier,
cheaper, and better to keep the rascals out
than to keep them under discipline and to rem-
edy the consequences of their thieving propen-
sities after they have once got in. In iact, the
reports of our investigating committees, being
rarely followed by legislation lo prevent the
frauds exposed, have served to educate the
plunderers of the Treasury to sharper practicc
and more extended operations. If one set of
full-fed thieves are removed in consequence of
such reports, a new set of politicians, sharp-
ened by hunger and guided by the experience
of their predecessors whose acts go unpunished,
are appointed to enter upon the same career
of peculation. I doubt if there has been a
single report of the evidence taken by an in-
vestigating committee which has been made
public that has not proved injurious to the pub-
lic interests. These publications, like the lives
of notorious criminals, have disseminated the
knowledge of successful vice, and as no one has
suffered from them in any more severe manner
than removal from office, the officer who has
made up his mind to become peculator is stim-
ulated to make the most out of his brief career,
and these disclosures teach him how to do it.
The measure now before the House is an
approximation to a remedy for these evils.
The systems regulating the civil service of other
nations have been examined, and the results
of their experience have been embodied in this
bill. The principle is not new, nor is the mode
in which it is to be wrought out. The attempt
has been to adapt it to the wants of this coun-
try, and therein is its merit, if it has any. This
principle is to place practically in the hands of
the Government the power of employing the
services of the capable and of dispensing with
the services of the incapable in every subor-
dinate place and every executive department.
In other words, "let the best attainable talent,
the greatest attainable fitness, in every case be
placed in office," and thus approximate as near
as possible to having the right man in the right
place. Let merit be the sole title to office, and
we work a thorough reformation in our mode
of appointments, and infuse new life and vigor
into every branch of the executive service.
THE MODE OF APPLYING THE REMEDY.
I. Admission open to all.
All will agree abstractly upon this principle.
The civil service, like the military and naval,
should be conducted by the highest talent that
can be procured. How it is practicable to
obtain that highest talent is the first question
that meets us. The best solution of this ques-
tion seems to us to be to throw open all
places in the initial grades of the service
to the competition of all. It is the right
of the people to have the best administrative
officers which their allotted pay can procure ;
and as it is the duty of every one of the people
to serve the country when required, so also
it should be the privilege of every one to have
an opportunity to enter the service if he wishes
it and can show that he can serve better than
any other in the position which he seeks. Let
every one have a fair chance. Nor is iliere
any danger that the people will become demor-
alized and all turn office-seekers when place
is accessible to all. The preliminary tests,
rigidly enforced, will exclude all those who
cannot prove themselves to possess the requisite
fitness. Any one can now obtain a place ill the
medical department, of the Navy who can bring
evidence of good character and pass the pre-
scribed examination, and yet the roll is not
full. So at West Point and Annapolis ; the first
nominations have rarely filled the class. So
in the civil scrvice, where the necessity of
ascertaining the candidate's fitness is equally
great, the requirement of a proper examina-
tion into qualifications and scrutiny into char-
acter will greatly diminish the number of appli-
cants. The great class who are conscious of
infirmity, and who now creep into office through
political influence, will not make their appear-
ance. Another great class, and one which
now infests every branch of the service, will
fear a scrutiny into their antecedents and
habits, and will stay away.
While wo may not allure the most promising
in talents and character of our young men by
the meager rewards of the subordinate ser-
vice, yet by throwing the doors of admission
wide open to all. one point will be gained ab-
solutely, and another approximately. The pro-
blem is to find the best attainable talent for the
place and pay ottered. While the leading grad-
uates of our colleges and academies, and the
enterprising, energetic, self-trained youth will,
notwithstanding the great obstacles, still con-
tinue to strive for the great rewards of the
learned professions or of business, there will
still bo a large class of well-educated young
men wishing for immediate compensation, and
willing to be satisfied with slow and sure in-
crease of recompense, who will come forward
and compete for and gradually fill these offices.
By leaving application free to all, the Govern-
ment will ascertain to a certainty all who are
attainable; and by open competitive examina-
tion tiiey will discover approximately the best
of those attainable. Inquiry into character
will deter the knavish and the dissolute who
will not risk the brand of- rejection for cause,
and the dull, the ignorant, the lazy, the
imbecile, and the unambitious will not over-
come their terror of open competitive examin-
ations. Through these preliminary trials will
pass only those who are worthy to enter
upon the career which is offered to them.
And by allowing promotions also from merit,
the emulation and competition will continue
after the career has been entered upon, and
every man will be spurred to do his best, or
else, while lagging in the race, become liable
to be dropped from inefficiency.
II. The most worthy to receive appointment.
The theory of onr appointment system, as best
stated in, and. so far as it could be, justified by,
the maxim of .Jefferson, is that offices should
be given to those worthy of them, aletur digno.
But this maxim implies that many equally
worthy or worthier even may be excluded.
Then how is this worthiness to be ascertained?
A Secretary of the Treasury who, though
sitting in his room in the Treasury building,
should know everybody in the country, the
education and antecedents of each person and
any special talent he may have shown, and
who could and would act without partiality,
might select without difficulty or delay the best
attainable person for each of his many hun-
dred subordinate offices. He would simply
have to telegraph for his man. But unfortu-
nately our Secretaries are not omniscient, nor
altogether wise, nor wholly just and free from
prejudice. Yet when the population of the
country was but a few millions, inhabiting the
fringe of the Atlantic coast, it may not have
been a laborious or difficult task for the chief
executive officers to select worthy assistants
and subordinates. But now, with our vast ter-
ritory and increasing millions, it is simply im-
possible for them, with their accumulation of
duties, to give the time to the subject necessary
to secure a good result.
Hence the mode of appointment from local
political influence and recommendation has
crept into our system. It is intermediate be- *
tween appointments from pure patronage, the
favor and condescension of the superior, and
a primary meeting selection of a party candi-
date. It has the vices of each system and the
redeeming qualities of neither. The patron
was not always guided by favor, and the peo-
ple sometimes selcet from worthiness. In
England the evils resulting from this hybrid
mode of selection were sought to be obviated
in the manner we adopted at the last session
for regulating the appointments to tho Mil-
itary Academy. Several persons were nom-
inated to any vacant office, and that one of the
nominees who proves himself the better qual-
ified on a test examination receives the ap-
pointment. Detur digniori expresses the result
of this compromise.
But the American people have reached that
pointin their experience where they have found
that the best thing for them to do in their pub-
lic business is to do away with all compromises
with error in all its forms, and to stand upon the
firm ground of principle and justice. With
regard to this class of offices the public sent-
iment undoubtedly is, as the public interest de-
mands, that while competition for them should
be open to all, yet only those who show the best
fitness for them should have them. Detur dig-
nissimo, let the most worthy have it, should in
respect to office be the motto of the people of ,
this great Republic. Their Government is of
the people and for the people, and its rewards
and honors should be given to those most fit
and worthy for its service.
III. How the best attainable talent can be
sceured.
But how can this result be accomplished ?
Are not tlu5 extent of the country, the great
and increasing number of its population, the
multiplication of officers and their new du-
ties,—reasons urged for the adoption of this
measure,—the very reasons which will prevent
it from being successfully carried into effect?
Let us consider. If a measure is good and
wise in itself the obstacles in the way of car-
rying it into effect should not deter a stales-
man from urging its adoption. All good things
are difficult; even the vis inertia} of evil are not
to be overcome except by strenuous efforts;
but things which are difficult are not impossi-
sible. 11 would have been easier to have put
this measure into operation thirty years ago
than now. It is easier to do it now than it will
be ten years hence. But that such a measure
is necessary now, and wip become more and
more essential with the increasing years of the
Republic, is as plain as that the Republic must
live. A well-trained and thoroughly disciplined
body of civil ser /ants is as necessary to the pres-
ervation of the State as are an Army and Navy
thoroughly trained and .disciplined in arms.
