1518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
utive of the United States has his functions,
jast as the House of Representatives, just as
the Senate of the United States, just as the
judiciary, each in its place to be maintained.
It is a strange and wild thought, it seems to
me, and bold as well, that the Chief Execu-
tive, authorized to have his counselors about
him appointed by himself- for his own advice, j
for his own service, should not have the privi- |
lege of selecting them ; that his Secretaries
as they are denominated in the Constitution, -
should not be his Secretaries, but the Secreta-
ries of the popular voice or of Congress, not
advisers selected by himself to give him infor-
mation on questions of public law, or of for- j
eign relations, or of the condition of our Navy,
of the condition of our Army, or of our in-
ternal relations, not persons whom he can
call upon to advise him, but men who are thrust
upon him, or forced upon him, or held upon
him without or against his consent.
If this policy be inaugurated absolutely, then
farewell to the systems established by those
who, having studied all histories, undertook to 1
found the Republic of the United States of
North America. It is a simple task, and the |j
task of the barbarian, to pull down and destroy ,
an edifice both strong and beautiful. I see
nothing here of building up, of edifying, con- j
structing, or beautifying anything. The tend- j
ency now is to tear down institutions that have ;
fone through three generations, which have
een admired by the civilized world until they
commanded their respect, and do to-day, ex-
cept as now we are beginning to lose their re-
spect, because they begin to think that after all
the American people, who have been a nation
in the past, are incapable of conducting a Gov-
ernment when they see that that people appear
to imagine that all power can rest in one. The
Senate wants to usurp the President's office,
and Congress wants to usurp all the powers of
the Governmentand the judicial office; and that
is the patent proposition of the majority here.
I do not fear that it will triumph ; if I did, I
should lose all hope for my country. I know
that there is a latent, and will soon be a potent
power in the American people, understanding
the truths that belong to our system, that will
not permit to remain in force these dogmas
of the anarchs who seek disorder instead of
order, or who never knew what order was. Who
would be so low as to be the Chief Executive
of this Republic, if cabined, cribbed, confined,
circumscribed, as this report would make the
President of the United States, President in
name? He should be no kin of mine—a man
shorn of all authority, seated in his place like
the Grand Llama, who could nod his head with
the wool upon it and yet shorn of even the
wool. [Laughter.]
Mr. Presideut, these are no jesting observa-
tions of mine. These are dealings with great
things, with high considerations, that belong,
not only to to-dav, but belong to the ages, and
men trifle with these things, dare to trifle. It
seems somewhat strange to me that men dare
to undertake to occupy themselves about the
destruction and demolition of institutions most
magnificently framed, without any idea of archi-
tecture, who know not what a structure is, who
understand not unything of the forms of art,
who understand simply demolition, and know
nothing about construction or edification. I,
for my part, would not dare, I am too much of
a coward to dare, to do these things which so
many dare, to do with a thoughtless eye and an
unattending ear, not thinking that their con-
duct involves the condition of millions, the con-
dition of our nation and its perpetuity. We
are not yet a century old. May the good God
who reigns in heaven permit us to fill out our
century; but 1 fear we are threatened by a
non-continuance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference, and on this question the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Con-
ness Fogg, Fowler, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Lane,
Morgan? MorrilI, Ramsey, Boss, Sherman. Stewart.
Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and
^ NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Hendricks, Johnson, McDougall, Patterson, Van
Winkle, and Willey—10. . -
ABSENT—Mews. Cattell. Cowan, Crfitnri, Lres- ,
well, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, Kirkwood, Nesrmtb, Nor-
ton, Nye. Poland, Pomeroy, Riddlo, Saulsbury, and
Sprague—20.
So the report was concurred in. j
reconstruction of louisiana. |
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask that the Senate
proceed with the consideration of my motion
to take up the Louisiana hill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is now before the Senate, having been displaced
by the report of the committee of conferenco,
which was regarded as a privileged question.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I gave way when this
motion was pending earlier in the evening for
the purpose of having the report of the com-
mittee of conference considered. This after-
noon I voted for an evening session for the
direct object of considering the appropriation
bill which was then pending. A/neasure of
this sort ought to be fixed beforehand, if it is ]
to be considered at a special session. A great i
many members do not come out at sessions
ordered in the evening unless they have notice
of some measure which will provoke discus-
sion, upon which the polling of a full vote is
important. No notice was given when we
ordered this evening session that a bill of this
description, a general bill, a political bill,
would be called up or a vote_ demanded upon
it. This of itself is a sufficient reason why
this measure ought not to be taken up and
considered at this time. It ought to be taken
up at some regular session during the day,
when a full Senate can have its attention called
to the subject.
Mr. S'i!EWART. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania give way to a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am content to yield
to the motion, but I am not particular about
an adjournment on my own account.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. CONN ESS. I trust the Senator will
change his motion to one, that we proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Several Senators. Not now; it is ten
o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken re-
sulted—yeas 18, nays lo; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Connoss. Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fogg, Foster, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane,
McDoueall, Patterson, Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Willey, and Williams—IS.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Fes-
senden, Harris, Henderson, Howard, llowe.Morgan,
Morrill. Ross, Sumner, Wade,Wilson, and Yates—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cowan, Cragin, Cres-
well, Edmunds, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Guthrie, Kirkwood, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Riddli, Saulsbury, and
Sprague—19.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate (at ten o'clock and five minutes p. in.)
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 23, 1867.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the reading
of the Journal was dispensed with.
ordering of evening session.
On motion of Mr. KELLEY, it was
Ordered,^ That the House take a reeess this day from
half past four to half past seven p. m.
land-grant railroad.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent that
the House proceed to the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 439) granting land to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Puget Sound or Admiralty inlet, in
Washington Territory, to the Columbia river.
This is a bill very important to the interests
of Washington Territory.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
recording a vote.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to record my vote on the bill passed on
Thursday last, entitled "A bill to provide
ways and means for the payment of compound-
interest notes."
There being no objection, leave was granted.
Mr. GARFIELD. I vote against the bill
as passed.
order of business.
The SPEAKER announced as the first
business in order the bill (H. R. No. 859) to
declare valid and conclusive certain procla-
mations of the President, and acts done in
pursuance thereof, or of his orders, ^ in the
suppression of the late rebellion against the
United States.
Mr. STEVENS. As the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] who has charge of that
bill is not here now, I move that by unani-
mous consent it be postponed, and that_ the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of t'nc Union, to procoed_to
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1173)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1868, and for other purposes.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union (Mr. Thayer ill the chair) and
proceeded to the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 1173) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1808, and for other
purposes.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unani-
mous consent, the first reading of the bill was
dispensed with, and the bill was read by
clauses for amendment.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend by insert-
ing at the end of line twenty-two " Rock
Island bridge, $250,000." I desire to say that
the commission appointed by the Secietary of
War to examine this matter ha3 reported in
favor of an appropriation of §1,000,000 for
this object; but I have thought proper lo ask
an appopriation of only one fourth of this
amount. The reason why this work has not
been included in the estimates is that the
report of this commission had not then been
made. The Secretary of War, with whom I
have spoken on this subject, will, in a few
hours, send in a letter recommending this
appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
whether he had not better withdraw the amend-
ment and allow it to be added in the Senate.
The report on the subject will, I suppose, be
here by that time.
Mr. PRICE. If it be right that the amend-
ment should be made at all, it ought to be
made now.
Mr. STEVENS. I only suggest that the
matter be postponed till we can have more
information.
Mr. PRICE. I hold in my hand a docu-
ment accessible to every member—the report
of the commission on this subject. It has
come in very lately, and that is the reason why
this work has not been included in the esti-
mates, in which case it would doubtless have
been in the appropriation bill as reported. As
I have before stated, the amendment I have
offered is for only one fourth of the amount
reported by the commission appointed under
the law of Congress.
The amendment of Mr. Price was not
agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to amend b) inserting
after line one hundred and ninety-five "forthe
establishment of a light-house at Poi: t Reyes,
$1-5,000." An appropriation for this work was
included in the estimates of the Department:
but the committee did not report it in the bill,
because the information which they desired was
not before them. If any information is now
