842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
that all seeds, plants, and flowers whieh have
been generally cultivated or raised in the ma-
jority of the States during the period of four
years shall be considered as common in the
country, and therefore are not to be purchased
for distribution by or for the Department* of
Agriculture ; and it provides further, that the
moneys appropriated by Congress for specified
objects and purposes for the use of said bureau
shall not be used for any other object or pur-
pose than the one appointed without the con-
sent of Congress ; provided seeds, plants, and
flowers, purchased by said Commissioner be-
fore the passage of this act shall be distributed
as heretofore.
Mr. BITTER. That bill is for the purpose
of attaining the object sought by the Govern-
ment since the organization of that bureau.
At the last session a provision was put into
the appropriation bill that the Commissioner
should only purchase such seeds as were new
and useful.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend by insert-
ing the word " Department" for "bureau."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky yields to me for a few
moments.
Mr. Speaker, I do not think the House fully
understands the full importance of this meas-
ure. The Department of Agriculture was, in
my view, established for the purpose of dis-
seminating seeds grown in the United States,
and the only benefit I can see arising from that
Department is the exchange from one State
to another of the different seeds grown in those
States.
The proposition of this bill is to cut off this
interchange from one State to another, and to
confine the Department entirely to the pur-
chase and distribution of seeds not generally
grown in the United States. The great benefit
now derived from the Department is in the fact
that seeds grown in Illinois are brought here
and sent to Pennsylvania, while the seeds
grown in Pennsylvania are sent to Illinois,
and we in the West derive the benefit from
the experience of Pennsylvania. For my part
I think the bill as now framed is -entirely
wrong, and will confine the Department to the
purchase of seeds which we do not need.
Mr. RIT ['BR.. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Illinois.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Speaker, as one
of the agriculturists of the country I hope this
bill will pass. The abuses of the Department
as now practiced will eventually discredit and
ruin the Department. The object of the De-
partment was originally to distribute such
seeds as were rmv. Now, we get no seeds
that are rare, but only those that can be bought
out of any seed-shop in any portion of the
United States are sent to us for distribution.
So common are these seeds that members of
Congress are made the laughing-stock of all
the seed^ merchants of the country. The re-
striction is a proper one, that no seeds shall be
purchased which have been common in the
country for four years prior to the date of pur-
chase.
The friends of the Department should see it
is not broken down by existing abuses. I do
not blame the present Commissioner. Twenty-
five years ago I was here and distributed seeds
from this bureau. The mail facilities and
railroad facilities were not then as now. From
that day to this great changes have taken place;
but I do think it is the smallest business this
country can engage in—to run in opposition
to the seed merchants with money out of the
public Treasury. Therefore I hope the bill
will pass.
Mr. HILL. It appears to me the bill in its
present shape will destroy the usefulness of the
Department of Agriculture. It provides that
it shall only purchase seeds, &c., not common
to the United States within four years of the
purchase. It does not say particular kinds of
wheat or corn, but all plants, all grains; all
kinds that have been cultivated shall be deemed
common. Now, I would like to know what is
to be purchased under this bill by the Commis-
sioner. He cannot purchase wheat because
almost all kinds of wheat have been commonly
cultivated. Now, it was suggested the other
day by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delaxo]
that the usefulness of this Department is in
transmitting from one portion of the country
to another seeds that have, so to speak, been
worn out, but which by a change of climate
may be made to produce much more bounti-
fully. -The benefit to the country from that
practice which the Department has been carry-
ing out has been very great.
Mr. DONNELLY. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. RITTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DONNELLY. I thoroughly concur in
the purpose of the gentleman from Kentucky
in offering this bill. It is, as I understand, to
prevent the Department of Agriculture from
degenerating into a mere seed-store. There is
no doubt very just cause of complaint on that
score, but it seems to me this bill would go too
far. It is crude and imperfect. Now, the dif-
ference between certain portions of the territory
of the United States is in respect to climate and
soil as great as between almost any different
portions of the world. The difference between
the southern portion of the United States and
the northern is as great as regards climate and
soil as between Europe and the United States.
I think therefore that a bill that would utterly
exclude everything but foreign seeds would be
improper.
I move that the bill be recommitted to the
Committee on Agriculture. The chairman of
that committee in the bill to which he referred
this morning has incorporated a proviso which
I think would elevate the Department to new
usefulness, making it the duty of the Depart-
ment to superintend, transmit, and exchange
the seeds from one portion of the country to
the other, a work of itself of great magnitude
and of great use, but which it seems to me
would be utterly prevented by the passage of
this bill. I would make that motion if it is in
order, with leave to the committee to report at
any time.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be
made until the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Hitter] surrenders the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky yield?
Mr. HITTER. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope this bill will be
passed. I regard it as one of the most revo-
lutionary that has been introduced.
A Member. Radical. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. It proposes to break up
settled habits of the people, and is therefore,
if not radical, certainly revolutionary. For
six years I have been in the habit of sending to
my constituents china-asters, sweet-williams,
pinks, and a long list of simple flower seeds,
as contributions from the Agricultural Depart-
ment, and I know nothing that would more
astonish them than to get the seed of a new
flower or one from a distant country.
A Member. Do you get hollyhocks?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, hollyhocks in great
abundance, single and double, but always out
of the same bag, which has doubtless been on
hand since 1860. I therefore regard the bill
as a revolutionary one, and as a Radical I give
it my hearty^ support. I regret exceedingly
that the chairman of the Agricultural Com-
mittee could not report his bill to reorganize
the Department to-day.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I would
.suggest to the gentleman whether, under this
bill, any flowers can be purchased.
Mr. KELLEY. If that be so, it would be
so much the greater economy, for I doubt
whether the Department would purchase any
that are valuable or novel, so devoted are its
agents to the old catalogue. I hope the bill
will pass and any other bill contracting the
power of this Department until it can be re-
organized so that of the many thousands of
dollars we appropriate to it some few tens of
them may go to some useful purpose.
Mr. RITTER. Mr. Speaker, I cannot claim
the credit of originating this bill, for the subject
has been before Congress since 1862, at the time
the Department of Agriculture was established.
I therefore am not desirous of claiming honors
I am not entitled to.
Now, sir, as I remarked before, Congress
very clearly in passing the law establishing this
Department of Agriculture confined the busi-
ness of the Department to new and rare seeds,
showing conclusively that they did not intend
the Department should purchase and distribute
the common seeds of the country. They had
no idea of making it a depot for the purpose
of distributing seeds. Sir, in 1865 the Depart-
ment purchased seeds amounting to $28,000,
and the putting up of those seeds in little paper
or cotton bags cost upward of forty thousand
dollars. The gentleman knows that they might
have been put up at a less cost. The largest
proportion of the business of the Department
is done in the furnishing of the common seeds
of the country; and everybody knows that a
large proportion of the seeds furnished do not
germinate, do not come up at all. It requires
a large expenditure of money to provide for
the distribution of these seeds, and it is well
known that the seeds when received amount to
nothing.
. But the gentleman says that we want this
Department of xlgriculture as a channel of
exchange between one part of the country and
another. Well, sir, after an article of seed
goes into the ground throughout the country
for four years it certainly becomes a matter of
importance to the country, but it will not be
wanted through the Department of Agricult-
ure, for it can be obtained through the ordi-
nary channels. Of the important seeds that
are distributed over the country this Depart-
ment sends out a very small amount, as the
gentleman very well knows.
I do not deem it necessary to detain the
House any longer by remarks upon this sub-
ject. It is one that seems to have engaged
the attention of every Congress, and therefore
I move the previous question upon the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. RITTER. I will.
_ Mr. MORRILL. I de?ire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky to the
phraseology of this bill, and I would inquire
whether it is in the language of the head of the
Department of Agriculture or in the language
of the Committee on Agriculture ? One clause
of it reads as follows: " Seeds and flowers that
have been generally cultivated or raised in a
majority of the United States."
Mr. RITTER. That is a mistake, and it can
be corrected.
_ Mr. MORRILL. There are several other
little mistakes, and I hope that the bill will be
recommitted, so as to afford the gentleman an
opportunity of revising the language. Until it
is revised the bill should certainly not be passed.
Mr. RITTER. I understand that, it is clear
enough for the gentleman to understand it, and
any mistakes in grammar can be corrected here-
after. I insist on the previous question.
Mr. HILL. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
_The question was put, and there were—ayes
45, noes 33; no qhorum voting.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for tellers.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will withdraw the previous question
and allow this bill to be recommitted to his
committee with authority to report at any time,
provided that it bhall not interfere with the
morning hour.
Mr. ALLISON. I object, for the reason that
this committee has the morning hour to-mor-
row.
The SPEAKER. They have not.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Hill and
Ritter were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 61, noes 48.
So the bill was laid on the table.
