1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote by
wliicli the bill was laid on the table; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
Mr. William G. Moore communicated to the
House of Representatives a message in writing
fi'om the President of the United States.
massacre at fort phil. kearney.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and is hereby, requested to furnish to this House such
information as he may have in his possession in re-
lation to the late massacre of United States troops at
Fort Phil. Kearney, and the causes which produced
the same; and also as to the causes which, in his
judgment, have led to the presentalarming condition
of our relations with the Indian tribes of the interior.
indian depredations in oreqon, eto.
On motion of Mr. WINDOM, the Committee
on Indian Affairs were discharged from the
further consideration of House bill No. 1023,
to indemnify the citizens of the Territory of
Washington and State of Oregon for property
destroyed by Indians in the years 1855 and
1856 ; and the same was laid on the table.
indian affairs in arizona.
On motion of Mr. WINDOM, the Committee
on Indian Affairs were also discharged from
the further consideration of House bill No. 29,
for the better organization of Indian affairs in
Arizona Territory; and the same was laid on
the table.
dr. f. p. culver.
On motion of Mr. WINDOM, the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs were also discharged from
the further consideration of House bill No.
769, for the relief of Dr. F. P. Culver, late the
special agent and commissioner to negotiate a
treaty with certain Indian tribes; and the same
was laid on the table.
indians in northern california.
Mr. WINDOM also, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back House bill No.
572, in relation to lioutid valley and other
Indian reservations in northern California,
with an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute.
The substitute was read, as follows:
A bill to provide for the care and maintenance of the
Indians in northern California.
Uc it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United State* of America in Congress
assembled. That the Secretary of the Interior be, and
he is hereby, authorized to adopt such measures as
he may deem necessary for the public interest, in
order to obtain possession of the whole or so much
as he may deem advisable of Round valley, in Men-
docino county. California, and render the reserva-
tion now established there of suitable proportions
to answer the purpose of a home for the protection
and maintenance of so many of the Indians in north-
ern California as it may be found compatible with the
publio interest to locate on said reservation? find to
this end he is hereby empowered to fix the limits of
the said reservation at such average distance, not to
exceed ten miles from the border of the said valley
and circumjacent thereto, as he may determine; and
to purchase the improvements belonging to settlers,
in order to acquire full and complete possession of
oil the land within the limits so established.
Sen. 2. And be it further enacted. That the sum of
$100,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary, be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
for the purpose of enabling the Secretary of the In-
terior to carry into effect tho provisions of this act
and of any other existing law authorizing him to
establish a reservation in northern California: Pro-
vided, That no liabilities shall be incurred under this
act in excess of the amount hereby appropriated.
Mr. MORRILL. As this bill provides for
an appropriation, should it not be first consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It is an appropriation bill;
and if the gentleman insists upon his point of
order, it must go to tho Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Moueill] to withdraw his point
of order until the gentleman from California
[Mr. Bidwei.l] can explain the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I will reserve my point of
order for the present.
843
Mr. BIDWELL. The care and maintenance
of the Indians in California have already cost
the Government a very considerable sifm. But
the duty still devolves upon the Government
to care for and protect the Indians of that
State. The Indians there are very differently
situated from what they are in most of the
Territories of the United States. They do not
consist of tribes _as they do in the other Terri-
tories ; tribes with whom you can enter into
treaties and negotiations for the purchase of
their lands, and for the assignment to them of
reservations where they may live upon their
hunting grounds or cultivate the soil for their
own proper maintenance.
Before the acquisition of California the Gov-
ernment of Mexico never under any circum-
stances pretended to purchase the land of the
Indians. The Government of the United States,
succeeding to the rights of Mexico, have never
purchased a single acre of land, to my knowl-
edge, from the Indians of California. On the
contrary, the white settlements have been ex-
tended throughout the ^entire State, almost
into every valley, however secluded, in the
mountains of that State ; thereby taking from
the Indians their hunting grounds and every
possible means they have in their power for
their support.
I say, therefore, notwithstanding the im-
mense sums which the Government, may have
heretofore appropriated for the maintenance of
the Indians in California, it is still an obliga-
tion upon the Government to properly provide
for them. Here is a valley in the mountains of
the coast range, distant from the settlements,
and large enough to support a considerable
portion, if not all of them, of the Indians in
northern California. That valley at this time
is partially occupied by a reservation on which
a large number of Indians are located ; it is
also partially in the occupation of settlers.
- The object of the bill now before the House
is this : to enable the Government to acquire
possession of tho entire valley. Now, the
reason for that is evident; you cannot take
care of the Indians, you cannot have that
complete control over them if they are located
in the vicinity of white settlements which you
could if they were distant from them.
I may state here that in California one of tho
great obstacles to the management of the In-
dians there is the existence of a class of loose
people, men of bad morals, who congregate
around the Indian reservations, furnish the In-
dians with liquor, teach them every vice, and
induce thorn to run away from the reserva-
tions. Now to prevent these troubles it is
necessary to get a location for them distant
from the settlements. This Round valley,
spoken of in the bill, seems to be peculiarly
fitted for a reservation for Indian purposes. It
possesses a fertile soil, a salubrious climate, and
it is ample in its extent. Being in the mount-
ains, which are incapable of settlement, it will
be so isolated that no white settlers can come
near its borders.
There is another view to be taken of this
matter: the settlements in this valley have
been threatened for a number of years with
being dispossessed by the Government, on the
ground that it was the intention of the Govern-
ment to take possession of the entire valley,
and dedicate it to the purposes of an Indian
reservation. But they have gone there as
they have on all other public unsurveyed lands
and established their preemption claims; and
now over a hundred settlers, I believe, occupy
that valley in connection with the Indian res-
ervation. It is the duty of this Government
to come to a decision and say whether it in-
tends to make that entire valley a reservation.
Itis inconsistent with the interests of the Indian
Department, the proper management and con-
trol of the Indians, that white settlements
should be in juxtaposition with the reserva-
tion; and I say that the Government ought
either to take possession of the whole valley
and make it a suitable reservation or abandon
it altogether. There is some fear in the State
of California, which I have learned from the
public prints, that the Indians might possibly
be disturbed upon the other reservations. In
order to do away with any such apprehension,
I am willing to offer a substitute for this bill, to
which I think there can be no objection, and
which I think, too, will harmonize with the
views of the Committee on Indian Affairs. I
ask to have the substitute read.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to the consider-
ation of this bill unless it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The point of order being
made, the bill, as it contains an appropriation;,
must go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BIDWELL. When will the bill come
up for action?
The SPEAKER. Probably not during this
session, except under a suspension of the rules
by a two-thirds vote, "when that motion is in
order.
Mr. BIDWELL. Can the rules be sus-
pended on any Monday to take it up?
_ The SPEAKER. At this period of the ses-
sion it is impossible for the Chair to state
when any Monday wilt be open for a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. BIDWELL. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spai/dino] will withdraw his
objection.
Mr. SPALDING. I must decline to do so.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
inspection op indian affairs.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported back, with amendment,
the bill (S. No. 204) to provide for an annual
inspection of Indian affairs, and for other pur-
poses.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that there shall be established five
inspection districts of Indian aU'airs, as fol-
lows : one to embrace the States of California
and Nevada and the Territory of Arizona;
one to embrace the State of Oregon and the
Territories of Washington and Idaho ; one to
embrace the Territories of Colorado, Utah, and
New Mexico; one to embrace the State of
Kansas, the Indian Territory, Nebraska, and
southern Dakota; and one to embrace the
State of Minnesota and that part of the Terri-
tory of Dakota north of Nebraska, and the
Territory of Montana. The Secretary of the
Interior, under the direction of the President,
is authorized from time to time to change the
boundaries of these inspection districts.
The second section provides for the creation
of five boards of inspection of Indian affairs,
each to consist of three members, one chief
inspector, to be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, who shall hold his office for the term of
four years ; one inspector, to be an officer of
the icgular Army, who shall be annually de-
tailed by the Secretary of War for that purpose ;
and one, to be annually appointed by the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, from among such persons as may
be recommended by the annual meetings or
conventions of the religious societies or denom-
inations of the United States as suitable per-
sons to act upon said boards; or in case of
their failure to make such recommendation,
from such persons as he shall deem proper.
Each of the inspectors appointed by the Presi-
dent is to receive a salary of ยง4,000 per annum,
in full for services, mileage, and all other ex-
penses, and the officer detailed to act a3 in-
spector is to serve without additional pay or
allowance as such inspector, but is to be enti-
tled to the same pay, mileage, and allowances
as when employed m the military service.
The third section provides that it shall be the
duty of said boards of inspection to visit all the
Indian tribes within their respective districts at
least once in each year ; to examine into their
condition, and into the condition of their farms
and schools; to hear their complaints; to ascer-
