1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151&
desired I am ready to give it. I have here a
letter on the subject.
Mr. STEVENS. It is possible that after
examining this subject the committee might be
in favor of this amendment. We added an
appropriation for one light-house on that coast i
which had not been estimated for at all. Sev-
eral others which we considered, the committee
thought might be dispensed with.
Mr. HIGBY. My recollection goes further
than that. I was appointed by the committee i
to make inquiry at the Department, and it is [
not likely any action would be taken during !
my absence.
Mr. McRUER. I desire to say to the com-
mittee there is no point upon the whole of our
western coast which requires a light-house
more than Point Reyes. During the last
eighteen months there has been property de-
stroyed at that point from the want of a light-
house equal to four or five hundred thousand
dollars. It is a very prominent point, round
which the commerce from the Northern Pacific
approaches San Francisco. There is an im-
perative necessity to protect that commerce
from danger at that point. Therefore I hope
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask the Clerk to read a let-
ter from the Treasury Department.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department.
Office of the Light-House Board, !
Washington, February 22,1867.
Sir: It is perceived from the light-house bill re- !
ported from the Committee on Apprbpriations of tho 1
House that certain items recommended bythisboard
are omitted. They are, [see printed estimates:] i
Point Reyes, California $15,000 j
Point Arenas  65,000
Cape Blanco, Oregon  75,000 >
Cape Fear  120,000 i
Southwest Pass 108,GOO !
It is also noticed that the bill appropriates 8100,000 i
for reestablishing lights on the southern coast, instead f
of $200,000, as estimated by this board. I
These items are all regarded as of primary import-
ance, and if possible the board would be glad to see
them inserted when tho bill comes before the House.
If, however, all that is asked for cannot be given,
and any item must be stricken out, it is thought
that the item for Cape Fear, of $120,000, can best be
spared, and in that case might with least injury to
commercial interests be thrown out.
Very respectfully,
ANDREW A. HARWOOD.
Naval Secretary.
Hon. T. D. Eliot.
Mr. Higby's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY. I move the following:
For establishment of a light-house at Point Arenas,
$65,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I think California has been
very well treated in this bill, and I hope she
will not be allowed more than her share.
Mr. HIGBY. That is a novel way of oppos-
ing an amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LONGYEAR. I move the following
amendment:
For a light-house at Trowbridge Point, in Mundoe
bay, Michigan, $10,000.
Mr. ELIOT. That amendment is recom-
mended by the Committee on Commerce.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LONGYEAR. I have sent up a number
of amendments by direction of the Committee
on Commerce. They are to cover the cases
provided for in the bill reported from that
committee which has passed this House. There
are no other cases whatever. They have been
estimated for by the Light-House Board. I
offer them altogether.
For a light house at Mendota, on Lako Superior,
Michigan, $10,000.
For a light-house at or near Braddoek's Point,
Georgia, in place of Caliboque light-vessel, 815,000.
For a light-house to mark Combahee bank, Geor-
gia, in place of Combahee light-vessel, $15,000.
For alight-house to mark Tybee Island Knoll,Geor-
gia, in place of light-vessel, $15,000.
For range lights on Morris Island, as guides in
crossing Charleston bar. South Carolina, $15,000.
For rebuilding^ ligh t-house at Deep Water Shoals
in James river, Virginia, $10,281 73.
For rebuilding a light-house, tower, and keeper's
dwelling at St. Simons, Georgia, $15,006.
For rebuilding "Wolf Island beacon lights and
buildings connected therewith, £14,000.
For rebuilding Sapelo light-house and beacons,
Georgia, $15,000.
For building three light-houses and buoy steam-
tenders, $100,000.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes twenty-eight; noes not counted.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers ; and ap-
pointed Mr. Longyear and Mr. Scofield.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 73, noes 22.
The CHAIRMAN voted in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For continuing the work on the Capitol extension,
$250,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike that out,
for the purpose of inquiring of the chairman
of the committee why something is not done
with this money which we appropriate from
year to year. It ought to say for protracting
this work. As we come here session after ses-
sion, except with the aid of a glass we cannot
tell there has been any change in this building,
and still we make an appropriation of a quar-
ter of a million for "continuing" it. I ask
why this is not completed ?
Mr. STEVENS. The reason is that it is a
larger work than those of us who are accus-
tomed to small things can realize, and there-
fore it is found that it takes a longer time to
build a Capitol, which is superior to any in the
world, than it does to build a saw-mill. I have
known a saw-mill to be built in a year; this
Capitol you could not build in less than twenty
years. Every year when I come here I see
some progress made. There may be workmen
employed who are lazy, though I do not know
it. I always see them busy as I pass. I know
there are more wanting work than can get it,
and very possibly there may have been some
unjust discriminations made. I believe there
have been some mistakes made by the archi-
tect. For instance, this end of the Capitol in
which we are is supplied with air which is first
made putrid below. All outside air is excluded,
and, if it would not cost so much, it would be
well to alter the construction of this Hall so
that we could breathe some purer air. But,
then, if it is better ventilated, perhaps our
prospective successors may complain because
of our longer lives. [Laughter.] If any of the
money that has been expended upon the build-
ing has been thrown away, that is a matter for
the consideration of the Committee on Ac-
counts. They ought to look out for that. I
am not aware that any of the money last ap-
propriated has been thrown away more than
usual. The gentleman asks how much more
money it is going to take. If he will ask my
successor some years hence perhaps he will
find out. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. The answer of the chair-
man of the committee is more witty than sat-
isfactory. "What he says about persons being
accustomed to small outlays I suppose is de-
signed as wit.
Mr. STEVENS. That is my case.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not care anything
about it, but I do care something about these
wasteful expenditures from year to year, when
everybody can see that the policy is to protract
this work and do just as little as possible with
the large appropriations, so as to make it, as
the gentleman says, a twenty-year job. Now,
I have no idea that this Capitol is to remain at
Washington. The action of the last session of
Congress upon the mileage question looks to
the removal of it westward. Whenever the
people of the extreme West cannot make a
fortune on mileage in coming here they will
demand that the Capitol shall go that way, as it
ought to go. It is not likely to remain on the
Potomac, with one little, crooked, irregular
line of railroad for the vast North and North-
west leading to it. Such is the policy of the
legislation around us that they are not likely
to allow any other mode of reaching here. The
single monopoly line between here and Balti-
more is to be the only railroad by which any-
body is ever to reach this place. Now, these
two things operating together will result in the
removal of this Capitol. In that view I want
the workmen to get what little marble work
they have here cut, so as to make the freight as
little as possible when we come to move the
Capitol to the West. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. McKEE. I move to insert the following:
For repairs of the marine hospital at Louisville,
Kentucky, $10,000.
I will only say that there wns an original
paragraph in for that purpose, that this hos-
pital is very much in need of repairs, and it is
the only one on our side of the river from
Cairo up. ■ ♦
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky if this is not the same appropriation
that we voted down last year?
Mr. McKEE. I understand it is.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We voted it down upon
full discussion.
Mr. McKEE. It is an appropriation of
$10,000 for the only marine hospital on the
Kentucky side from Cairo up, the one at
Paducah having been burned down during the
war and discontinued.
Mr. SPALDING. We voted this down
simply because the member from Kentucky
from that district was not here to defend it.
I recollect it very well; the appropriation
ought to be in.
Mr. KASSON. I only wish to say that the
information received from the architect of
the Department, as well as from the gentle-
man's colleague, went even further than the
gentleman from Kentucky now on the floor
[Mr. McKee] states. The information is that
the building is in a condition that renders it
unfit for patients to be placed in, on account of
the miasmas that arise from want of draining,
the drain being a cesspool right by the build-
ing. This is recommended by the Department,
and I believe by the committee, to be abso-
lutely necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BID WELL. I have an amendment to
offer, but before offering it I wish to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
why payment for the census marshals has been
excluded from the paragraph contained between
lines two hundred and twenty-one and two
hundred and twenty-three?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would re-
mind the gentleman that no amendment is
pending.
Mr. BIDWELL. Then I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of line two
hundred and twenty-four:
For payment of the amount of balancosduc to cen-
sus marshals for taking the eighth census in Califor-
nia, $9,460 48.
I now ask that the letter which I send to the
Clerk's desk may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., February 5, 1867.
Sir : The Secretary of the Interior requests me to
acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 4th
instant, asking to be informed in relation to tho
amounts duo to the census marshals in the State of
California—1860, and payment thereof.
No appropriation having been made lookingto tho
payment of the eighth census marshals and their
assistants, and the fund for that purpose being ex-
hausted, the Department is not prepared to liquidate
said claims, but awaiting the action of Congress,
where, in the House Committee on Appropriations,
the Secretary has submitted, by States, the total
amount due, with the recommendation that provision
may bo made therefor. California is represented in
tho sum of $9,460 48.
As soon as funds are provided, tho marshals in your
State will be fully notified without any delay.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOIIN C. COX, Chief Clerk.
Hon. J. BlDTVILL, House of Representatives.
Mr. STEVENS. There was a communica-
tion from the Department laid before the com-
mittee asking a large amount to pay all the
marshals, loyal and disloyal. The commit-
tee thought fit to separate the two classes,
and to insert in the deficiency bill only the
loyal ones, among whom are those of Califor-
nia.
Mr. BIDWELL. That being the cage I
withdraw the amendment.
