1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
?9
sentially and palpably incapable of self-govern-
ment, both individually and collectively incom-
petent, they ought unquestionably to be excluded
from suffrage, because they could give no assist-
ance to proper and legitimate government, and
if their numbers were relatively large they might
aid materially to obstruct, .confuse, and pervert
it. None will deny that idiots and lunatics are
classes of our population that come within.the
reason of this objection, and that they ought as
classes to be excluded from suffrage. There
might be many cases of partial lunacy, where
the subject would be more capable of a rational
and proper exercise of suffrage than many men
of more limited but sounder minds; the incon-
venience, difficulty, and impossibility of ascer-
taining in each individual case, the extent of
mental infirmity that would make it proper for
the particular subject to be excluded, requires
the exclusion of the whole class.
But our entire population, like that of all other
countries, is divided into two great classes, the
male and the female. By the census of 1800
the white female population of the United States
exceeded thirteen millions, and the aggregate
negro population, of both sexes, was below four
and a half millions. That great white popula-
tion, and all its female predecessors, have never
had the right of suffrage, or, to use that cant
phrase of the day, have never been enfran-
chised ; and such has also been the condition
of the negro population. That about one negro
in ten thousand in four or five States have been
allowed to vote, is too insignificant to be digni-
fied with any consideration as an exception.
But now a frenzied party is clamoring to have
suffrage given to the negro, while they not only
raise no voice for female suffrage, but frown
upon and repel every movement and utterance
in its favor. Who of the advocates of negro
suffrage, in Congress or out of it, dare to stand
forth and proclaim to the manhood of America,
that the free negroes are fitter and more com-
petent to exercise transcendanfc political
power, the right of suffrage, than their mothers,
their wives, their sisters, and their daughters ?
The great God who created all the races
and in every race gave to man woman, never
intended that woman should take part in na-
tional government among any people, or that
the negro, the lowest, should ever have co-
ordinate and equal power with the highest, the
white race, in any government, national or
domestic. To woman in every race He gave
correlative, and as high, as necessary, and as
essential, but different faculties and attributes,
intellectual and moral, as He gave to man in
the same race; and to both those adapted to
the equally important but different parts which
they were to play in the dramatic destinies of
their people. The instincts, the teachings of
the distinct and differing but harmonious or-
ganism of each, led man and woman in every
race and people and nation and tribe, savage
and civilized, in all countries and ages of the
world, to choose their natural, appropriate,
and peculiar field of labor and effort. Man
assumed the direction of government and
war, woman of the domestic and family affairs
and the care and training of the child; and
each have always acquiesced in this partition
and choice. It has been so from the begin-
ning, throughout the whole history of man, and
it will continue to be so to the end, because it
is in conformity to nature and its laws, and is
sustained and confirmed by the experience and
reason of six thousand years.
I therefore, Mr. President, am decidedly and
earnestly opposed to the amendment moved by
my friend from Pennsylvania. There is no
man more deeply impressed with or who more
highly appreciates the important offices which
woman exercises over the destiny of the race
than I do.
I concede that woman, by her teachings and
influence, is the source of the large mass of
the morality and virtue of man and of the
world. The benignant and humanizing and \
important influence which she exercises upon j
the whole race of man in the proper discharge j
of her functions and duties cannot be overesti- !
mated; but that woman should properly per-
form these great duties, this inappreciably val-
uable task, it is necessary that she should be
kept pure. The domestic altar is a sacred
fane where woman is the high and officiating
priestess. This priestess should be virtuous, she
should be intelligent, she should be competent
to the performance of all her high duties. To
keep her in that condition of purity, it is
necessary that she should be separated from
the exercise of suffrage and from all those
stern and contaminating and demoralizing du-
ties that devolves uoon the hardier sex, man.
What is the proposition now before the Sen-
ate? To make pure, cultivated, noble woman
a partisan, apolitical hack, toleadheramongthe
rabble that surround and control by blackguard-
ism and brate force so many of the hustings
of the United Slates. Mr. President, if one
greater evil or curse could befall the American
people than any other, in my judgment it would
be to confer upon the women of America the
right of suffrage. It would be a great step in
the line of mischief and evil, and it would
lead to other and equally fatal steps in the
same direction. Sir, if ever in the depths and
silence of night I send up my secret orisons
to my Maker, one of the most fervent of my
prayers would be that the women of my coun-
try should be saved and sheltered by man from
this great contamination. It is not necessary
to the proper influence and to the legitimate
power of woman. A cultivated, enlightened,
delicate, refined, and virtuous woman at the
family altar is the persuasive and at the same
time plastic power that sways and fashions the
principle,^and character of her children, and
thus makes her impress upon the future men
of America, the Phocions, the Timoleons, the
Washingtons, who are the honor of the race,
and whose destiny it is to elevate and ennoble it.
Mr. President, in proportion as man becomes
civilized so increases thepovverand the influence
of woman. In the tribes and nations of the
lewest ignorance and barbarism this influence
is least—it is most potent where there is the
greatest .intellectual and moral cultivation of
man. I want this gentle and holy influence to
continue pure and uncontaminated by keeping
it within the domestic fane and afar from
party politics.
But, sir, it has become the fashion, the philos-
ophy, the frenzy of the day to coin catch-words
that carry a seemingly attractive principle, but
at the same time alluring and mischievous, and
among them is this cry for woman's rights and
also for negro suffrage and manhood suffrage
and universal suffrage. It is all nothing but
slang and demagoguerv, and is fraught with
aught but evil, mischief, and degradation,
individually and nationally.
For these reasons, sir, one of the last propo-
sitions, or; if gentlemen choose, principles,
which have been or may be propounded to the
people of America, or as an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, to which
I shall ever give my acceptance, is female
suffrage.
But, Mr. President, the proposition that a
nation of a superior race should allow an infe-
rior race resident in large numbers among them
to take part in their Government, in shaping,
and controlling their destinies, is refuted by its
mere statement. And the further proposition
that a nation composed of the Caucasian race,
the highest type of man, having resident in it
more than four million negroes, the lowest
type, of which race no nation or tribe, from
the first dawning of history to the present day,
has ever established a polity that could be
denominated a Government, or has elaborated
for itself any science or literature or arts or
even an alphabet, or characters to represent
numbers, or been capable of preserving those
achievements of intellect when it has received
them from a superior race ; such a proposition
is, on examination, revolting to reason, and in
its practical operation would be productive of
incalculable mischief.
The hardihood of fanaticism or a selfish
hypocrisy has occasionally, in former times as
well as now, boldly assumed that the negro is
naturally in all respects the equal of the white
race; but this not only without any, but in
defiance of all, evidence.
The race of people referred to by the term
"negro" is well understood, not only by men
of science and travelers, but all persons of gen-
eral reading on the types of mankind. That term
comprehends a black skin, but not as an ex-
clusive distinction ; also, and especially woolly
hair, a peculiar formation of the cranium, face,
pelvis, shins, and feet, which are so distinctly
enumerated by ethnologists and naturalists,
and which they all agree are the natural marks
of an inferior racc. The first recorded history
of the negro found him in Africa and occupy-
ing more than one half of that large continent,
and mostly within the torrid zone. The whole
population of Afrisft approximates one hun-
dred millions, of which about sixty are of the
negro race.
Four thousand years ago, and for all the in-
tervening ages, he was and has been the same
unchanging specimen of man in his physical,
intellectual, and moral features and properties j
thesamedestitutionofarts, architecture, letters,
and civil polity; the same absence of all civili-
zation, and the same engulfment in the deepest
ignorance and savagism, the tribes and nations
making interminable and most cruel wars and
cither selling into slavery or putting to death
all their captives. The negro was placed by
Providence to himself, a naked and ignorant
savage, upon an uncultivated but great theater.
Li those respects he was on an equality with
the white and yellow races of man ; but in or-
ganization, in the mental faculties, in all .the
capabilities and forces to begin and progress
with the civilization which illustrate the history
of those other two races, and to which no limits
can be assigned, the negro was left unendowed
by the God of all creation.
This is not the crime, not the misfortune of
the negro; it is the inexplicable will of the
Omnipotent and incomprehensible Architect
of the universe. The negro was made lower
and weaker than the other races; he is subor-
dinate to them, and has often been their slave,
but never their master; all the occasional,
meager, and restricted civilization which he
has ever possessed was imparted to him by
them, and he could retain it only by their con-
tinued contact and help; and but for their
superior faculties and endowments the whole
world of mankind would now be in primeval
and hopeless ignorance and barbarism.
The negro in his original and native home
was known to and visited by the commercial
people both of the earliest antiquity and of
modern times. Three centuries and a half
since he was first brought to the American
continent a slave, and that trade was continued
to the United States from their early settle-
ment up to within the last fifty years. The
aggregate cargoes of slaves from Africa to all
Arnerica amounted to many millions ; and to-
the United States the number has been esti-
mated to be about three hundred and fifty
thousand.
All that has ever been written or said of the
African negro in his native home have repre-
sented him as steeped in ignorance and bar-
barism, and if ever he made any improvement
from one generation to another there is neither
record nor memento of it. Every slave that
was brought from there to the New World
exhibited the same fossilized savage of forty
centuries. With each individual from enslave-
ment began melioration, and all the knowl-
edge, civilization, and Christianity which the
negroes of America have ever possessed has
resulted from their enslavement.
In America the general manumission of
African slaves commenced about eighty years
since, on the island of St. Domingo. Then
followed the same kind of emancipation, by
national authority, in the West India Islands
of England, France, and other European
Powers of which they were the possessions, and
lastly in the United States. In these coun-
tries emancipation by every owner of slaves
