80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
had been permitted by their laws; and in some
of them largo numbers had received their free-
dom under that system. In St. Domingo the
negro has been independent and free to exer-
cise'the right of self-government for near a
century.
In the British West India Islands he has been
freed and invested with the right of local gov-
ernment for a generation, subject to the careful
and liberal guardianship of the imperial Gov-
ernment. In those islands the experiment of
self-government by the negro has been a de-
plorable failure; and in St. Domingo it has
been the more disastrous because the negro
there acted for himself, independent of and
unaided by the white man. His deterioration
from the time he was a slave, in all of them,
is palpable; but in St. Domingo it has been
much the greater because *be conserving influ-
ence of the white man was not there to check
and reform it.
Mr. President, when I was a young man and
untaught by the hard lessons of experience,
I was a devoted believer in the proposition of
the civilization of the negro race, and I aided
colonization societies to transfer the free negro
from the United States to his own native home
in the hope that there, with the temporary aid
and support of the white man, he would be
enabled to build up governments and nation-
alities and to move forward in the achieve-
ments of the highest civilization. But from all
that I have since learned of the negro and have
read of the efforts to found the English colony
at Sierra Leone and the American colony at
Monrovia and the adjacent country, and from
all the information afforded by the friends of
those colonies, I am satisfied in my own mind
that negro civilization can never exist in any
other condition or connection than his enslave-
ment to the white man. I am satisfied that if the
West India colonies of England, of Spain, of
France, where emancipation has become con-
summate. and the-colony of Monrovia and the
British colony at Sierra Leone were abandoned
by the white man, and none of his superior in-
tellect, energy, and conserving influence were
continued there, these eolonies now somewhat
civilized would in a few years fall into as hope-
less and as ignorant a barbarism as has hovered
over Africa from the beginning of recorded
history.
All the experiences of our own country before
the late rebellion were confirmatory of the pre-
viously established truths, that the negro is the
lowest type of man, that he is incapable of organ-
izing any regular Government, that he cannot
elaborate civilization or preserve either gov-
ernment or civilization when they are imparted
to him by superior races; and the lessons taught
by this war, in everything that relates to the
negro, adds to the great volume of evidence in
support of those propositions which has been
accumulating for so many long centuries.
In favor of the proposition of the inequality
of the races I have heretofore^ adverted to the
writings of a great number of men of learn-
ing and science, not only theoretically but
practically, by residence with and among the
negro, and of all that large list there is, accord-
ing to my information, but a single author
of any respectability who maintains the equality
of the negro race, and that is Prichard. He
assumed that theory when a college boy sev-
enteen years of age, in writing a thesis, and
that error imbibed by him in his youth he de-
voted the labors of a long life and a great
intellect to sustain. But the weakness and
fallacy of his theory and of his arguments, and
of his application of facts to sustain it, were
seen and refuted by every mind except his own.
I am one, Mr. President, who believes that
our Government is a white man's Government;
that it was made by him for himself without
the aid or any reference to the negro or the
Indian or any other race of man. The Decla-
ration of Independence was made by Congress
the 4th of July, 1776; the Confederation of the
States had then been in existence for two years.
All the States, as colonies, had held African
negroes as slaves and property for a longer
period than the United States have had a
national existence, for more than one hundred
years.
The absolute sovereignty of each State was
in several of its provisions recognized by the
Articles of Confederation; and as distinct and
independent sovereignties they made their
Declaration of Independence, and also their
treaty in 1788 with Great Britain, by which it
was acknowledged. This declaration was merely
an abstract statement of principles and senti-
ments, and had no force or obligation of law
whatever. It liberated no slave, negro, or In-
dian, for there were then both. It gave no
right of suffrage or any other right to any
negro or Indian, free or slave, and it left them
precisely as though it had never been made.
I will be obliged to any negrophylite to refute
these positions.
I do not deny that our national family
properly and wisely comprehends all of the
nationalities of Europe who may come here,
according to the terms of our naturalization
laws, and their posterity; but I assert that
negroes, Indians, Mongolians, Chinese, and
Tartars ought not and cannot safely be ad-
mitted to the powers and privileges of citizen-
ship.
There is always and of necessity more or
less of hostility and conflict between different
races of men living together. This is produced
by mutual aversion, and that aversion by dis-
similitude. The greater and more fixed their
differences, and the nearer the equality of their
numbers, the more intense and enduring is
their aversion. Color, hair, features, and form
are the most palpable and striking differences
of race, and between the white and the negro
races those differences are greatest, and con-
sequently so are their aversions.
The only possible mode of wholly obliterat-
ing the aversions between those races in the
United States is their complete and perfect
amalgamation, which, between the portion of
those two races resident in our country within
and north of the temperate zone, is utterly
impossible. In that vast region miscegenation
between them will never take place. The
helots of Sparta and their masters, the Thra-
cian and other white slaves of ancient Greece
and Rome, the Saxons of England after the
Conquest, and the serfs of Russia, could all be
manumitted from slavery and be raised readily
to an.equality of rights and condition with
their conquerors and' owners, and become
amalgamated with them in one nationality, and
harmoniously move on under the same Govern-
ment to fulfill a united and common destiny,
because they were all of the Snemitie race,
of the same color, and essentially of the like
physical, mental, and moral organization. But
between the white and negro races of the Uni-
ted States there can be no such amalgamation,
and miscegenation among them cannot take
place to any great extent without a commen-
surate national degeneracy, degradation, con-
fusion, and weakness.
These mischievous and humiliatingevil con-
sequences have been produced by the intermix-
ture of the white with the negro and Iudian races
in Mexico and all the South American countries,
and the magnitude of those consequences has
been in proportion to the extent of that inter-
mixture in each country.
The permanent separation of the white and
negro races in the United States is fixed by
the order of their creation, and by the contin-
uous and perpetual operation of immutable
laws of nature; and it would be humility, wis-
dom, and reverence to Deity for man quietly
to submit himself to that order and those laws.
All his puny efforts to repeal or break down
those laws will but show his own littleness and
extend, aggravate, and intensify the war be-
tween these races. The subordination of the
black to the white and the aversion and con-
flict between them will end only wirh the de-
struction or removal of one of them. While
they are in juxtaposition it will continue, and
the efforts of ambition, frenzy, folly, and hy-
pocrisy to establish equality between tliem, by
dragging down the white or forcing up the
negro race, will give it terrible aggravation.
Both the Indian and Mongolian races are
essentially superior to the negro race, but
neither can they be properly or safely admit-
ted to citizenship ; my judgment is to exclude
them all, to keep and perpetuate ours as a
purely white man's Government. The Indian
is a doomed race, and is so rapidly wasting
away that he will soon " cease from troub-
ling." The increase of the negro will be
wholly from procreation, and hereafter slow;
but yet from his present numbers, and being
•mostly crowded in a few States, is a great dis-
turbing cause of our political and social sys-
tem. If he were diffused in all the States in
proportion to their white population he would
no longer disturb, and there would be no effort
to confer upon him suffrage. But who can
foresee and number the immigration of the
Mongolian race to the western shore of our
continent? But whatever their numbers now
or in the future, whether units or millions, I
would give them civil rights, but no citizen-
ship, no political power.
I have no doubt thatmy honorable friend from
Pennsylvania desires that the right of suffrage
should be given to women; and if he had the
power to transfer all the women of the conserva-
tive States into and to become residents of
the radical States, who doubts that if that were
done the Radicals of this House and of the
nation would shout in favor of giving to women
the right of suffrage ? If the Radicals in Con-
gress and out of Congress knew with the cer-
tainty of truth that every vote which they will
enfranchise by conferring the right of suffrage
on the negro would be cast against, that party,
in favor of their late southern masters, in favor
of the Democracy, in hostility to the schemes
of ambition and spoils which are now animat-
ing the heart and mind of the great radical
organization, who doubts that this party and
every mother's son of t.hem would declare for
withholding suffrage from the negro ?
If these noisy philanthropists who shame or
affect to shame all the justice and mercy and
philanthropy of the past, would just go home
and pass proper State laws and measures to
induce this wronged, down-trodden negro race
that are residents in the late slave States to
immigrate to their borders, there to receive
the sympathy, love and protection and com-
munity of rights which they are preaching, they
would give better evidences of the sincerity of
their professions. But, sir, not one of them is
movingin that direction. There is nota thought,
there is not an emotion of heart among the
Radicals North tending in that direction.
Who believes in the vaunted radical position
of the equality of races, that the negro must be
the equal of the white man before the law, that
he must have every legal right, every political
and social privilege, everything to elevate his
condition and destiny to that of the white man,
politically, civilly, and socially? Let the Rad-
ical who glories and boasts in the name, and
who occupies that position in truth and in hon-
est faith, stand forth and show himself to an
incredulous world that would be amazed by
such a revelation.
Since the close of the last session of Con-
gress some of the Radicals in each House have
changed their relations; they have taken to
themselves wives; but which one of them has
selected a sable daughter of Africa to occupy
that relation? Who of them and of their fami-
lies now associate with the black as they do
with the white race? Where, Senators, are
your negro sons-in-law, daughters-in-law,
negro brothers-in-law? Where are your con-
nections in all the tender relations of the
domestic and family circle of the negro race?
The races are either equal or unequal. If
they are unequal, they are so according to the
laws and marks with which nature has stamped
them. If they are equal, they not only have
the right to vote, but they have the right to be
eligible to all offices; they not only have the
right to civil protection and to enjoy all civil
rights, but they are entitled also to al! political
