1520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. KUYKENDALL. I move to insert
the following:
For wharf and bitrgo office at Cairo, Illinois,
$10,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I would like to ask the
chairman what is the object of this provision
for the establishment of a custom-house at
Newport, Vermont. What is the necessity for
a custom-house there?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform
the gentleman that debate is out of order, as
there is no amendment pending.
^tfr. CHANLER. I move, then, to strike
out the lines two hundred and twenty-five and
two hundred and twenty-six, as follows:
For a custom-house in Newport, Vermont, $10,000.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will ex-
amine the tonnage returns he will find that
Vermont, inland as she is and with few ports,
has more registered tonnage than the State of
Virginia ever had.
Mr. CHANLER. That is a very good
point, and I am much obliged to the gentle-
man for mentioning it; but the necessity for a
custom-house does not necessarily arise be-
cause there is a certain amount of tonnage.
The Erie canal has a great deal of tonnage,
and upon this principle we should therefore
establish custom-houses all along that canal.
I want to know what is the necessity for this
custom-house?
Mr. STEVENS. It is necessary for the
commerce between that section of the country
and Canada. Lake Memphremagog, upon
which this town is situated, has its outlet into
the St. Lawrence, and thus communicates with
Canada.
Mr. CHANLER. Then I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to insert after line
two hundred and twenty-six, the following:
To provide additional station-houses, life-boats,
and other appliances for the better preservation of
life and property from shipwreck along the coast of
Massachusetts, $20,000; said sum to be paid to the
treasurer of the Massachusetts Humane Society for
the uses aforesaid.
Mr. Chairman, I do not feel willing to
ask the action of the House in favor of this
amendment without stating the grounds upon
which it rests. I will say, in the first place,
that the amendment has been communicated
to the Committee on Appropriations, and that
it meets with their concurrence.
The Humane Society of Massachusetts has
had the whole care of the coasts of that State
ever since the incorporation of the society,
about the year 1791. They have now some-
thing like eighty life-stations at different points
along the coast. The officers of the society
devote themselves to the work without any
compensation, and although the funds neces-
sary for the establishment and support of their
life-stations are provided by private means,
Congress has, from time to time, given them
a helping hand.
All along the coast of New Jersey and
along the coast of Long Island life-stations
have been established, and from time to time
Congress has passed appropriations for those
stations, at an annual expense to the Treasury
of very many thousand dollars. There is no
claim of that kind made here for the coast of
Massachusetts.
There has not been one dollar allowed by the
Government to this Humane Society for the last
ten years, during which time appropriations
have been necessary to pay the expenses of
officers all along the coasts of Long Island and
New Jersey and the expenses of keeping up
those life-stations. The existence of this sta-
tion saves annually to the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States a large amount of money. It is only
from time to time that this society find that
their private funds are all exhausted and are
obliged to ask some aid from Congress. It is
now found that the means of the association
have been exhausted, and that it is necessary
in order to keep up the establishments which
are now maintained upon the coast that the
society shall have this assistance from the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend by add-
ing the following:
And alikesum of 820,000, to be expended under the
direction of tho Secretary of the Treasury, for the
safety of life upon the northwestern lakes.
There is as much need for an appropriation
for this purpose as for that named in the ori-
ginal amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that this had better
not be introduced here.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations whether the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
has been before the committee, and whether it
is approved by that committee?
Mr. ELIOT. I conferred with the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations before I
offered it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The chairman of the com-
mittee is not the whole committee. I want to
know whether the matter has been before the
committee.
Mr. ELIOT. I really cannot say. I do not
know that it has.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spalding] will be adopted. Certainly if we
are going into these benevolent operations up
in Massachusetts we ought to do the same
thing in the West.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not want this put upon
the ground of benevolence. I say that this
Humane Society saves annually to the Treas-
ury of the United States a large amount of
money. But for its exertions and outlays it
would be necessary to have life-stations estab-
lished all along the coast of Massachusetts,
and to make annual appropriations as is now
done for the coasts ot Long Island and New
Jersey. All this is saved because this associa-
tion has taken the work into its own hands,
appropriating its own money, applying its own
resources, charging nothing for the services of
its officers, and only coming here from time
to time in order that a portion of the expense,
all of which would otherwise have to be borne
by the United States, shall be appropriated for
by Congress.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Why is not the proposi-
tion presented on the recommendation of one
of the Departments and through the report of
the Committee on Appropriations, instead of
being brought here in this way?
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to say that I do
not object to the appropriation far this Humane
Society in Massachusetts; nor to the appropria-
tions for the coasts of New Jersey and Long
Island. But I say that we have a thousand
miles of lake coast; and all I ask is that the
Secretary of the Treasury may be able now
and then to give us a life-boat to assist in pro-
tecting life on our coast.
Mr. HILL. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether he regards it as a
correct principle of legislation to recognize
the claims of these benevolent societies and
appropriate money for their support, rather
than maintain by the direct action of the Gov-
ernment whatever means may be necessary?
Mr. ELIOT. If the same work can be better
done at a cost of not less than twenty-five per
cent. I certainly should think it advisable.
Mr. HILL. I would inquire how we are to
ascertain whether in point of fact this work is
done cheaper and better by this society than
it would be by the Government?
Mr. ELIOT. We know perfectly well that
for the last two years there has not been appro-
priated by the Government one dollar for this
society, yet the society has been going on
saving vessel after vessel loaded with passen-
gers, saving some eighty vessels during the last
quarter of a century. During the last year
there have been at least two cases where ser-
vice has been rendered, the effect of which was
to save the lives of the crews of the vessels
under very peculiar circumstances, at no cost
1 at all to the Government.
Mr. HILL. All I desire to say is that this
humane society is undoubtedly a very good
thing, a very humane tiling; but what I object
to is the principle of appropriating money for
the support of any purely voluntary associa-
tion in no way connected with the Govern-
ment. The society may have been doing good
service for years past without compensation ;
but that shows no reason why it could not do
the same thing hereafter. Yet it seems that
the society now comes here and asks for some
support from the Government; at least so I
understand the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Eliot,] who moves it. Now I object to
the principle upon which this appropriation is
asked. We have no information upon this
subject except what the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] gives us; and of
course I have the highest possible regard for
his word. But we have no sufficient informa-
tion upon this subject, and from the nature of
the subject we necessarily never can have. I
object to making this Government a merely
charitable institution.
Mr. CONKLING. I would inquire if the
original amendment is for $10,000 or $20,000?
Mr. SPALDING. For $20,000.
Mr. CONKLING. The amendment to the
amendment may be very proper; but I have
not as much information about it as I have
about the original proposition. I do not see,
however, why it should be offered as an amend-
ment to the original amendment. I suggest to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] to
let a vote be taken upon the original amend-
ment and then offer his proposition by itself,
to the end that each proposition may have the
benefit of its own strength.
I understand the proposition coming from
the acting chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce [Sir. Bliot] to be no such propo-
sition as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hill] seems to suppose. It is not at all a
propositien to appropriate money to be devoted
to charitable purposes. It is a proposition to
appropriate a certain sum of money for a use
of paramount importance: a proper use, not
at all a charitable use in the sense in which the
gentleman from Indiana uses that term. It is
proposed as the most economical and judicious
mode of applying that money to put it in the
hands of an association existing, respectable,
recognized, and which has demonstrated its
ability wisely to use funds for that purpose.
That is all there is of it as I understand it.
This is not giving money for charitable pur-
poses at all.
Now, when the gentleman inquires as he
does how it is to be known that this is a use-
ful way to apply this money, or how we are to
know anything about it, I will say to him that
we will know precisely as and a little better
than we ordinarily have information in such
cases. Here is a society which for a number
of years has been engaged in doing a certain
thing. The composition of that society, its
regulations and its success, assure it in the esti-
mation of the two committees which concur in
recommending this appropriation. The pur-
pose of the appropriation and of the society is
a good one, and there is no more uncertainty
about the proper use of this appropriation than
enters into all appropriations for purposes of
this kind.
Mr. HILL. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Conklixg] says this appropriation is not
for charitable purposes. \ et it is proposed
that this money shall be expended under the
direction of this humane society. He says that
the point I make is that we cannot know how
this money may be expended. Now, I ask the
gentleman to say by what means we shall be
able to get before this House or before any
subsequent Congress a report from this chari-
table institution showing how they may have
expended this money?
The amendment is simply an appropriation
of a certain sum of money to be expended
under the direction of this society. N ow, if
that does not mean that society shall have the
disposal of every dollar of that money as they
