BU
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
tain whether all the stipulations of treaties are
kept; and whether all moneys, goods, and sup-
plies are faithfully and justly applied, pur-
chased, and distributed; to examine into the
books, accounts,-and manner of doing business
of the superintendents and agents within their
respective districts; to make diligent inquiry
into the conduct of the officers and employes of
the Indian department, and into the conduct
of the military forces toward the Indians, ^ith
power to summon witnesses, and by the aid of
the military, who are directed to aid them, to
compel their attendance; each member of the
board being authorized to administer oaths.
The board is authorized to suspend for cause
any officer or employe of the Indian department
in their respective districts, subject to the ap-
proval of the President. The board is to report
annually, or as often as may be required, to the
Secretary of the Interior, and in all cases of
suspension from office by the board of any offi-
cer or employ6 of the Indian department the
board is to make immediate report thereon in
writing, stating the cause thereof, for the action
of the President.
The fourth section provides that all superin-
tendents of Indian affairs, all Indian agents,
and the chief inspectors to be appointed under
this act, in addition to the powers now con-
ferred by law, shall also possess all the powers
and perform all the duties now conferred by
law upon circuit court commissioners or court
commissioners in all cases or matters wherein
any Indian tribe, or any member of any Indian
tribe, shall be concerned or be a party. And
that in all matters or proceedings wherein any
Indian tribe, or member of an Indiau tribe,
shall be concerned or be a party, the testimony
of Indian witnesses shall be received in all
courts and before all officers of the United
States.
The fifth section provides that the salaries of
all Indian agents, who reside in the Indian
country upon reservations or among the In-
dians of their agency, shall hereafter be fixed
at the sum of $1,800 per annum.
The sixth section provides that no member
of the board of inspectors, during his con-
tinuance in office, shall, in any manner what-
ever, become engaged in any business con-
nected with trade or intercourse with Indian
tribes, or with any member of any Indian tribe,
or become in any manner interested therein.
And upon entering upon the discharge of their
official duties the inspectors are to take the oath
of office now prescribed by law.
The seventh section provides that any loyal
citizen of the United States of good moral char-
acter shall be permitted to trade with any In-
dian tribe, provided he shall execute the bond
required by law and complies with the regula-
tions prescribed for carrying on intercourse with
the Indian tribes.
Mr. WINDOM. I am instructed by the com-
mittee to move to strike out "complies" and
insert "comply."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I am also instructed to
-move to add the following to section seven:
And with such other regulations and conditions as
may be proscribed by the board of inspection hereby
created.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman from
Minnesota to yield, to have this bill printed. It
involves a large annual expenditure, and I am
sure a bill as important as this should be fully
understood.
Mr. WINDOM. I should be glad to yield to
have it printed if it will not prevent its being
acted upon at this session of Congress. I will
yield to have it printed if I shall have leave to
call it up at any time.
Mr. MORRILL. Will it not involve the
country in an annual expenditure of $100,000?
Mr. WINDOM. It will do no such thing.
Mr. Speaker, I will say in answer to the
gentleman that the bill does involve an ex-
penditure of $40,000, but will save half as
many millions, as I believe can be shown by
an investigation.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be pending at
the expiration of the morning hour and will
go over until to-morrow.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to< make one re-
mark. This is, sir, as the gentleman from Ver-
mont has said, an important bill, containing a
great deal of detail in relation to the organi-
zation of the Indian Bureau, and' involvinga new
system of operations in some degree. I dare
say, though read at the Clerk's desk as it is, it
will be impossible to follow it understanding!/;
I dare say it is framed with a view to inaugu-
rating a reform in that bureau. It is a long
bill, which we ought to act on wiOn ac nil com-
prehension of its scope and effect, and for that
reason, if for no other, it ought not to be
carried through under the previous question.
In. addition to that I wish to remark there is
a bill pending now in this House transferring
all that relates to the charge of the Indians to
the War Department. The matter has been
fully under consideration by the Military Com-
mittee, and I am directed to report in favor of
that bill with some few amendments. Here,
then, will come into conflict a question to^ be
presented to this House, whether it is not time
to take the responsibility from one and transfer
it to another Department of the Government.
I shall be glad on that account if this bill
should not be acted on without being printed,
so the two propositions may be considered
together. We make a radical reform by trans-
ferring the Indian Bureau to the War Depart-
ment, where it was at first, from its present
place, where it cannot be denied it has become
a den of thieves.
Mr. SPALDING-. Has not this bill already
passed the Senate.
Mr. WINDOM. It has.
Mr. KASSON. I have examined the Senate
file in vain for it. v
Mr. WINDOM. It was printed at the last
session. I have no objection to the printing
of the bill. I move that the bill and amend-
ments" be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over.
ERAZER, TRENHOLSI AND COMPANY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States :
To the House of Representatives of the United
States:
In compliance with a resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 7th instant iu rela-
tion to the attempted compromise of certain
suits instituted in the English courts in behalf
of the United States against Frazer, Tren-
holm & Co., alleged agents of the so-called
confederate government, I transmit a report
from the Secretary of State and the documents
by which it was accompanied.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 28, 1867.
On motion of Mr. DEMINGr, the message
and accompanying documents were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
AMERICAN PROTESTANT CIIAPEL AT ROME.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the House of Representatives of the United
States:
I transmit herewith a report from the Secre-
tary of State in answer to the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 24th instant.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 29, 18C7.
To the President:
The Secretary of State; to whom was referred a
resolution of the House of Representatives, passed
on the 241h of January, 1867, requesting the Presi-
dent, if not inconsistent with the public interest, to
communicate to the House of Representatives any
information which may have been received by the
Government in relation to a removal of tho Protest-
ant church or religious assembly meeting at the
American embassy from the city of Home by an
order of that Government, has the honor to report
that the Department of State has received no in-
formation concerning the subject inquired of in the
said resolution.
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Department op State,
Washington, January 29,1867.
The message and accompanying document
"were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
new orleans riot.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the House of Representatives :
In compliance with the resolution of the
-House of Representatives of the 12th ultimo
and its request of the 28th instant for all cor-
respondence,.reports, and information in my
possession in relation to the riot which occurred
in the city of New Orleans on the 30th day of
July last, I.transmit herewith copies of tele-
graphic dispatches upon the subject, and re-
ports from the Secretary of War, with the
papers accompanying'the same.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 29, 1867.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT, the message and
accompanying papers were referred to the
select Committee on the New Orleans Riot,
and ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE REPORT.
Mr. PERHAM, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill providing for the payment
of pensions, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (.S. No. 69) to provide for the
paymont of pensions, having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first amendment
to the amendment of the House, and agree to the
same with an amendment as follows:
Strike out the word " October" and insert "July."
Strikeout all after the word "act" in line eleven
of the House amendment to the end of said amend-
ment.
That the Senate recede from their second amend-
ment to the amendment of the House, and in lieu
thereof agree to inseriTthe words " and the commis-
sions of ail other pension agents now in office shall
continue for four years from the passage of this act,
unless such agents are sooner removed."
SIDNEY PERHAM,
J. P. BENJAMIN,
NELSON TAYLOR,
Managers on. the part of the House.
H. S. LANE.
L. TRUMBULL,
C. R. BUOKALEW,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFENSE OF NORTHEASTERN FRONTIER.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House three thousand extra copies of tl\c majority
and minority reports of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs on the bill providing for the defense of the
northeastern frontier.
MINERAL RESOURCES.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution, which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved 'That there be printed for the use of tho
Treasury Department one thousand copies of the
report of J. Ross Browne upon the mineral resources
of the States and Teiritories west of the Rocky
mountains.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
offered the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing bo au-
thorized to employ a clerk.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Laflin] is entitled to the floor
upon his resolution.
