1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and- all social rights. Sir, that is a state of
society more dreamy and at the same time
terribly revolting than any Utopia that ever
entered into the mind of. Moore. It does not
exist in fact; it does not exist in principle; it
does not exist in honest theory; it exists only
in party politics; it exists only for the pur-
poses of a party who are in the minority organ-
izing a great force of allies to come to their
rescue from overthrow.
Why, then, will the party in power persist in
forcing upon the unwilling and defenseless
white people of this District negro suffrage,
when they have almost unanimously voted to
reject it? Such a measure is not at all neces-
sary to protect the United States Government,
or those who fill its offices at the capital. This
is one of the occasions and questions to which
the principle of the right of self-government
ought to apply ; and a just and magnanimous
Congress would accord that right to a people
placed wholly within their power by the Con-
stitution, not to be oppressed But to be pro-
tected and defended.
But to confcr upon two or three thousand
male negroes in this District the right to vote
at its local elections, is not the object that has
awakened so much vehement passion and
given so much of energy in favor of this par-
ticular measure. It has been declared in this
debate, and it was palpable before, that it was
but the precursor of a movement to force negro
suffrage upon all the States lately in rebellion,
and that this bill must be fashioned into a
model for them. And why is negro suffrage to
be forced upon the ten southern States? To
counterpoise them there are twenty-six other
States, two radical Territories, Nebraska and
Colorado, to be admitted as States in a few
days, and three or four Territories of the same
political stripe, to be erected into radical States
to order upon short notice.
By the census of 1800 tlie ten- proscribed
southern States had 7,983,532 population, and
the other States had 23,401,457. These ten
States have the right to twenty Senators, fifty
Representatives, and seventy presidential
electors; the other twenty-six States have
fifty-two Senators, one hundred and ninety-two
Representatives, and two hundred and forty-
four electors.
All the States have but recently come out
of a great civil war in which the South was
terribly used up. There cannot be even a
Eretext that negro suffrage and the other
arsh measures against the South, both in
existence and in contemplation, are required
to protect the other States or the United
States and their Government against its power
in the Government or against the hostile mili-
tary a'rray of its few and subjugated people.
It was said yesterday by an honorable Senator
upon this floor that God alone can search
the hearts of men. If that inscrutable and
infallible search could now be made, and its
results demonstrated to the satisfaction of the
Senate and the American people, I would be
willing to venture my life upon the truth of the
proposition that in all the essential elements
of loyalty, in devotion to the Constitution, to
law, and to order, in love for that system ot
government and liberty which our fathers
founded and fashioned and which they have
handed down to us as the richest legacy that
was ever bequeathed by sires to sons, the South
is greatly more loyal than the radical States,
the radical portion of the radical States.
What are the incentives to the enormous,
continuing, and increasing wrongs and outrages
of the northern Radicals against the people of
the Soi th? For the two centuries that the
northern merchants and shippers tore the sav-
age African negro from his native home and
' sold him to the southern planter, the great
profits of the traffic purchased for the South
the friendship of the North., But after a ma-
jority of the States had overcome the support
with which New England so long and so con-
stantly sustained the slave trade and suppressed
it to the United States, by laws declaring it to
be and punishing it as piracy, and by a vigil-
39tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. fi.
ant police of the seas, northern thrift and en-
terprise set up manufactures and northern
tact and talent sought to enrich her manufac-
turers by high protective tariffs.
The South, almost in solido, resisted the pol-
icy to make her and other parts of the country
tributary to build up and enrich the northern
lords of the spinning jenny and the loom. This
resistance of the South continued, and brought
down upon her the active and envenomed en-
mity of the North. She commenced and her
whole people soon united in assaulting the
great property interest of the South in slavery,
which the northern traffickers had, with the
countenance and support of that whole people,
been so instrumental in building up. North-
ern passion, hate against slavery, and especi-
ally slaveholders, was "engendered and heated
to the greatest intensity in every form of lab-
oratory which inventive genius could devise.
It has been diligently gathering force through
all the years of a generation; it has at length
found its opportunity, and demon-like it de-
mands to be sated upon the prostrate South.
From this wild, multiform, and infernal cry,
high above all others rings out most malig-
nant of all, tones from a class clad in the liv-
ery of Heaven, but whose hearts are seething
with the spirit of the very hell.
But, Mr. President, in forming and fixing
this purpose to hold in subjugation the South,
other forces have been and are still actively at
work. The love of distinction, office, and
power, ambition and avarice, partizanship and
the pride of success, the glory of triumph and
the humiliation of defeat, the hardy, enter-
prising, and firm spirit created by reckless and
criminal but successful aggression, all these
cohesive and propelling foi'ees are operating
upon, sustaining, and urging forward the Radi-
cals in their audacious career. They are thus
made most formidable enemies, not only to the
reunion of the States, but to the continuance
of constitutional government and popular lib-
erty ; their purpose being to hold on to office
and power though they may perish. Yea, their
leaders are ready to brins; them all forth and
offer them upon the unhallowed, the foul altar
of faction as the price of their continuing suc-
cess.
Though the Radicals hold all the political
power of the United States, have excluded ten
States from the Union and the Government,
have broken down for the time the constitu-
tional authority of the executive department,
have established practically a congressional
despotism, and are devising measures to sub-
vert the legitimate governments of those ten
States and substitute for them other govern-
ments to be fashioned by this Congress to
make them their dependencies and to secure
the control of all their political power,"vet
these Radicals, thus governing and tyrannizing,
are in a minority of a half million of' the voters
of the United States, in many of the northern
States their power is trembling in the balance,
and very slight causes might at any election
make it kick the beam.
They know that the enfranchised white peo-
ple of "the South will be against them as inex-
orably as fate; hence their desperate efforts to
disfranchise that white people and enfranchise
the large negro population resident among
them. By the civil rights bill, the Freedmen's
Bureau, and any other congressional measures
needful to the end, their purpose is to take
possession of and control the whole of this
incompetent negro vote; and in that way wield
all the political power of these ten States in
Congress, in presidential elections, in the State
governments and polity, and thus counterpoise
any of the Northern States that may take posi-
tion against them, and make their tenure of
office and power permanent.
This daring and monstrous scheme has at
present a fearful number of supporters. It may
and will have a temporary success, but it is too
utterly subversive of the form and spirit of free
and constitutional government, of all State
sovereignty and rights, ofthe tranquillity, pros-
perity, happiness, and liberties of the whole
people, and of all justice and right, and it is too
replete with the spirit of injustice, wrong, and
despotism to endure. It will be overthrown
and crushed out. That is the task laid out for
the good, the wise, and the virtuous people of
the United States, and it behooves all in their
place to mate themselves to their full might is
this great work.
The people of the South made war in a wrong
cause. They turned their backs upon peace
and prosperity and liberty to fight for separate
political power, and their heroism was never
surpassed. Now, the war is made upon them
to deprive them of their right of self-govern-
ment, of their fields, of their homes, family
altars, of their religious temples. They and
their wives and their children and their coun-
try and everything comprehended by that term;
all for which man ought to live, and for the pres-
ervation of whi'ch he should dare to die, the
South is summoned to surrender to the abso*
lute control, by the instrumentality of her own
negroes, of her old and inexorable enemies.
And she has the great humiliation of having
some of her own people to labor to bring upon
her this deep and degrading enslavement: yea,
worse, she is offered the great insult of being
asked to accept it.
Now is coming the terrible time in which
the people of the South will be required to
exercise their truest heroism. They must
resist this great, this most foul, cruel, and dis-
honoring enslavement, but peacefully and by
every peaceful means which they can com-
mand. They will stand in need of all their
patience, their courage, their fortitude, their
power of endurance. To every unjust and
degrading demand they must answer with a
will fixed as destiny, no! By their peaceful
and quiet and heroic suffering they must win
even the respect of their enemies and the
admiration and sympathies of the world. It
will be a dreadful and may be a long trial,
but how much more bearable than the shame
and galling chains of a voluntary slavery ; and
such a slavery, to such masters! If it be
voluntary, they will well deserve it; if it be
involuntary and forced upon them, the justice
of God and man will come to their deliverance.
Men of the South, exhaustevery peaceful means
of redress, and when your oppressions become
unendurable, and it is demonstrated that there
is no'otBer hope, then strike for your liberty,
and strike as did your fathers in 1776, and as
did the Hollanders and Zealanders, led by
William the Silent, to break their chains,
forged by the tyrants of Spain.
}lr. SrRAGUE. Mr. President, the advo-
cates of the interests of the South are aristo-
cratic; those of the North are democratic;
and these ideas represent respectively the edu-
cation of the two people. Ones education
has been to sustain class interests, the other
the interests of the whole people in opposi-
tion to those of a class. The Constitution is
brought in to sustain respectively these ideas.
Constitutions have heretofore been forced from
nower. from a class, for the protection and in
the interest of the mass of the people, never
given by a people willingly to a class for their
own subjugation.
1 do riot believe the history of the world ex-
hibits a spectacle such as is presented to-day, #
where a power emanating from "liberty and from
a people imbued with liberal ideas is made an
instrument for the protection of that liberty.
The immortal Declaration of Independence
maintained that all men were ereatcd ecputl,
and the present Constitution was established
in the interest of that idea, not as some would
hare us believe in support ofthe doctrine that
a few men are created equal and have rights
and privileges by virtue of which they may rule
and domineer over the many.
While the populations of the Old World are
struggling to emancipate themselves from the
power, the rule, and the privileges of a class,
in this country, under the lead of a Demo-
cratic President, a man who like all around
me has come from the people, we find many
advocating the interests of a class, and his fol-
