1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1521
may please without any responsibility to this
House or any other authority in the world, I
confess I do not understand it at all.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the gen-
tleman's point if he will let me answer it be-
fore I forget it.
Mr. HILL. Very well.
Mr. CONKLING. His proposition I sub-
mit puts together things which have nothing
on earth to do with each other. The gentle-
man says it is the province of charity, in the
sense in which he uses that word, to provide
against the loss of life upon the coast, and that
is his first proposition. The preservation of the
lives of human beings by-means of light-boats
is not a gratuitous charity on the part of the
Government. We know it is not, and I will
not stop to answer that.
In the next place, assuming this is a proper
purpose for which to appropriate money, we
know from what has heretofore taken place
the integrity of this society can be firmly relied
upon. More than that, it presents to the Treas-
ury Department regular accounts which are
regularly audited. If the amendment is not
sufficiently guarded in that respect, then let the
gentleman move an amendment that the society
shall present accounts and vouchers to the
Treasury Department for its guidance, and :
that will remove the last vestige of his objec-
tion.
Mr. HILL. I have no objection to the ob- 1
ject, none to the character of the society; but
I do object there is no relation between the
Government and this society by which we can
compel the society to show how they have
expended this money.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts, who is now looking up the pre-
vious law on this subject, to amend so as to
provide this benevolent society shall present i
annually to the Treasury Department its vouch-
ors and accounts in the regular way. !
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman has said
this appropriation was indorsed by two com-
mittees of this House. When the amendment
was first proposed by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts I asked why he did not refer it to
the proper committee and have it brought
before us with some sort of recommendation,
and he answered he had spoken to the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, who
he thought approved it. Now, the gentleman
from New York says two committees of the
House have approved it. I wish to know what
committees, and where is their report?
Mr. CONKLING. The gentleman is not
quite accurate in what he reports me to have
said ; yet he is as accurate in what he reports
of me as of the acting chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce. The chairman «aid he
offered the amendment on behalf of that com-
mittee. There is one certainly; and he also
said he had submitted it to the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, who ap-
peared to approve it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. No.
Mr. ELIOT. What I said was I had con-
ferred with the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, although I did not know
it had been brought formally before that com-
mittee. I thought from what occurred that it
met his approval. I ask my amendment be
read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. ELIOT. That follows the language of
the act of 1857.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 38, noes 40 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. SPALDING demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Spalding and
Mr. Eliot were appointed.
The committee again divided on the amend-
ment to the amendment; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes sixty-three; noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that will be voted
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 96.
down. We are loading this bill with things
which have no business here.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For constructing fire-proof appraisers' stores, Phil-
adelphia, Pennsylvania, $50,000.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move after " stores" to
insert "on the Pennsylvania Bank building lot
belonging to the Government."
The Government now owns this property,
which it purchased for $110,000, and it is the
location the Department recommends, I under-
stand, for these stores. I know we made an
appropriation at the last session, but it was not
sufficient to cover the object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If we do not put them
there, half of this appropriation will be ex-
hausted in buying another place.
Thefcommittee divided; and there were—ayes
37, noes 32; no quorum voting.
Mr. O'NEILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. O'NEiLLand
Mr. Radford were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend by inserting
the following :
For a beacon light on Mattawan Point, Baritan
bay, New Jersey, $5,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move the following amend-
ment:
For construction of bridge over the Mississippi
river at Rook Island arsenal, $250,000.
On the 27th of June last we passed a law
directing a certain bridge now there to be torn
down as an obstruction to navigation.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to a question of
order. We voted this down this morning.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
understand it is the same which was offered
before.
Mr. .SPALDING. It was $250,000 before,
and I would like to know what the difference
is in the phraseology.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of ord^r.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the gentleman on
his veracity if it is not the same he offered
before.
Mr. PRICE. It is the same amount.
Mr.' SPALDING. I insist that it should be
reduced to writing, so that we may know if it
is the same.
Mr. PRICE. It was not written before at
all; it is now. As I was saying, at the last
session a law was passed directing that a cer-
tain bridge should be torn down because it
was an obstruction to navigation, and that
another should be built therein such a manner
as the Secretary of War should think safe for
the navigation. Under that law a commission
was appointed; and that commission has exam-
ined the island upon which this arsenal is
built. The Government has already appropri-
ated a good many hundred thousand dollars
for it, and yet it cannot be reached without a
bridge except by a ferry. That commission
has reported upon the subject; the report
came to the Senate on the 14th of February,
and was printed on the 17th. Copies have not
yet been received here, but I have one in my
hand from which, I will read an extract or two:
"The recommendation of the commission respect-
ing the kind and character of bridge to be erected are
| approved, and the reasons given for recommending a
draw-bridge instead of a high are concurred in."
In another part of the report the commis-
sioners say:
" After hearing the parties in interest, and after full
■ and mature deliberation, the board suggests that the
location of the railroad across the island be changed
to the lower extremity of the island, as laid down in
the plans of the Ordnance department; and that the
company be granted a permanent right of way across
the island of such width, not exceeding one hundred
feet, as may be necessary for a double track.
" For its suggestion as to the kind of wagon-road
that should be established, and the amount and kind
of aid that should be fairly and equitably granted
toward effecting these objects, the board adopts and
recommends the following proposition of the Ohieago,
Rock Island, andPacific Railroad Company, hereunto
attached, with the additional condition that the Uni-
ted States shall have the right to connect with the
track of the company such side-tracks as maybe de-
sired for the use of the United States, and at such
points as the Ordnance department may select."
This report is made under the direction of
the Secretary of War, in accordance with the
law of last session. It meets the approval of
the chief of Ordnance, General Dyer, who
signs this recommendation ; also of the Secre-
tary of War. And now it is only a question
whether you will have expended one or two
million dollars on Rock Island for public pur-
poses and leave no way of getting to it.
Mr. SPALDING. Is not this a railroad
bridge ?
Mr. PRICE. It is a railroad and wagon
bridge. The wagon-road is for the benefit of
the Government exclusively.
Mr. SPALDING. And the railroad bridge
is to be changed to another part of the island.
Mr. PRICE. Under a law of Congress it is
to be torn down and rebuilt.
Mr. SPALDING. How much will the bridge
cost?
Mr. PRICE. That I cannot say, except so
far as this : that the recommendation of the
Ordnance department is that this appropria-
tion shall be $1,000,000 (I have only asked
for one quarter of the amount recommended
in this report) on condition that the railroad
should pay half the cost of the superstructure.
Mr. SPALDING. I think we had better
make it a million.
Mr. PRICE. Well, now, if the gentleman
from Ohio is sincere in saying that we ought
to have $1,000,000—and a member of his
standing would not give utterance to senti-
ments On this floor as a legislator unless he
was sincere and candid in it—if he is sincere,
and that does not admit of a doubt, then he
certainly cannot oppose an appropriation of
one fourth of that amount. Ihis whole thing
is in accordance with a law passed by ourselves.
Mr. RADFORD. I want to ask the gentle-
man whether this appropriation has been con-
sidered by the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. PRICE. It has not been considered by
the Committee on Appropriations, and I want
to tell the gentleman why. This report only
came to the Senate on the 14th of h ebruary;
it was not printed for three days, making it
the 17th before it was in print. It only came
here within the last two days. The Committee
on Appropriations have been advised of this
matter, and some of the members of that com-
mittee have told me that if it had come in in
time this appropriation would have been in
the bill. But it did not come in time, and
therefore I offer the amendment. It is only a
question of time. This work has to be done,
or else we shall have to abandon all that we
have done already on Rock Island. If gentle-
men understood the question there could be
but one opinion about it.
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the gen-
tleman who will own the bridge after the
Government has paid $250,000, or perhaps
$1,000,000. The railroad company? •
Mr. PRICE. No, sir; that is not the fact.
The railroad company are to have the priv-
ilege of crossing on the bridge, but the Gov-
ernment controls the island ; because it owns
the whole of it, including the arsenal buildings
and the bridge, and it only allows the railroad
company the right of way across the bridge.
These are the facts of the case.
Mr. SPALDING. I want to say to the gen-
tleman that I advocated in the Committee on
Appropriations an appropriation of $500,000
for this very purpose.
Mr. PRICE. That was for the arsenal
buildings.
Mr. SPALDING. I understand that, and
for buying lands and everything else; but I do
not think that we ought to bury ourselves up
with appropriations for Rock Islaud at one
session of Congress. '
Mi  PRICE. Admitting that to be true,
will the gentleman from Ohio say that, having
appropriated money at the last session of Con-
gress to be expended on this island, we should
