1522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
abandon the whole of it merely for the want of
a bridge to get to and from the island?
Mr. SPALDING. I say that the railroad
company had better go on and do something (
toward building the bridge, and then they can
obtain help hereafter. ,
Mr. RICE. I say to the gentleman, on my
veracity, that the railroad company are not
asking this appropriation.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE. I
The committee here rose informally, and
the Speaker having resumed the chair, j
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bill
of the House No. 085, for the relief of Cap- j
tain John J. Young, of the United States
Navy. ' |
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed a bill and joint
resolutions of the following titles, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House :
A bill (S. No. 603) to authorize the estab-
lishment of ocean mail steamship service be-
tween the United States and the Hawaiian
Islands; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 164) supple-
mentary to the joint resolution to enable the
people of the United States to participate in
the advantages of the Universal Exhibition in
Paris, in 1807.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. PRICE. I was answering the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] in reference to the
point who owns this bridge when the com-
mittee rose. I Bay to him that the Govern-
ment controls all this property, and the railroad
company have only the right of way across the
bridge.
The railroad company are not here asking
for this. They want to be let alone. They
have a bridge already, but it is an obstruction
to the navigation of the Mississippi river, which
has to be removed under a law passed at the
last session of Congress. It is not the railroad
company who ask this. If you consult them
they will say that they are well enough off now.
This is for the benefit of the government of
the country, and of the commerce of the Mis-
sissippi river. That is Ihe fact about it.
Mr. RADFORD. I rise to oppose this
appropriation. In the first place, we have no
report from a committee in regard to it, and
then, I think, that it i3 too late in the session
to consider an appropriation of this kind. A
new Congress is to assemble when this one
expires, and I think it would be well to post-
pone action on this matter until the next Con-
gress. For that reason I shall vote against the
amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. This seems to be a very
vague provision. It does not provide who is
to construct this bridge, who is to own it when
constructed, or whether it is to be constructed
by the Secretary of War, the Secretary of the
Treasury, or the gentleman from Iowa. It
simply makes an appropriation for a bridge
across the Mississippi river.
Mr. PRICE. The suggestion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania I Mr. Scofield] is a
good one, and I will add to my amendment
the words "to be expended under the control
of the Secretary of War."
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I will add to my
remark that if we go into partnership with this
railroad company the company will be sure to
own us. The gentleman says we can do as we
please in connection with this company. Sir,
we cannot do it. Why, sir, this little road
from Washington to Baltimore has controlled
this Government now for a great many years.
Congress has tried, all the departments of the
Government have tried for a great many'years
to get us another outlet from this city to the
North. But this company says, "No; you
shall have no ingress to or egress from the
capital of the nation except over our road, for
which we will charge just what we please."
The Government cannot compete with a rail-
road company, and I am in favor of steering
clear of all partnership with them.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
now rise for the purpose of closing debate. j
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the |
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Tiiayer !
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to the order ;
of the House, had had under consideration the j
Union generally, and particularly the special j
order, being House bill No. 1173, making !
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending J une 30, 1868,
and for other purposes, and had directed him
to report that they had come to no resolution ,
thereon. ■ I
Mr. STEVENS. I move thatwhen this House j
again resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole upon the special order all general de- I
bate be closed in five minutes. j
The motion was agreed to. !
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be '
suspended, and that the House now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Comjnittee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Thayer in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 1173, making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1808, and for
other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. All general debate upon
this bill is, by order of the House, to be closed
in five minutes.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Price.
Mr. "PRICE. I desire to answer the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofiei.d,] and
I do so the more cheerfully because I know
him to be one of the most candid men in this
House, in my estimation.
1 appreciate the strength of the objections
which the gentleman has raised; that we can-
not go into a partnership with a railroad com-
pany, and that railroad companies will always
control us if possible. It was for the purpose
of avoiding that very trouble that we passed
the law of last session. The railroad company
there was not only controlling that region of
country, but also the interests of the Govern-
ment; and on the 27th of June last we passed
a law so that it should no longer control them.
If there is any partnership in the matter, we
went into it then, but we hold, so to SDeak, two
thirds of the stock and can control the director-
ship of the concern.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will my colleague
[Mr. Price] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. PRICE. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to say
that unless the Government provides for the
construction of this bridge, in accordance with
the proposition of my colleague, which is to
have it constructed in connection with the rail-
road company, the company bearing its pro-
portion of the expense, the Government will
be compelled either to build this bridge at its
own expense or to keep up a ferry at its own
expense. Now, it seems to me, that it is not
difficult to see that it will be cheaper for the
Government to build the bridge in connection
with this company, exercising control over it,
than to build it at its own expense, or to keep
up a perpetual ferry, one of which it will be
obliged to do.
An armory is now being constructed by the
Government for its own use on the island at
this point. It is necessary that the Govern-
ment shall have some means of communica-
tion between that island and both sides of the
river; and the cheapest mode of securing
this communication is the construction of this
bridge in connection with this railroad com-
pany.
Mr. PRICE. I have neglected to say that
it is provided that the railroad company shall
pay half of the expense of this bridge.
Mr. BROMWELL. It is not mentioned
where this bridge is to cross the river.
Mr. PRICE. I will answer the gentleman;
this bridge is to go from the Iowa shore of the
river to the island, of which the railroad com-
pany is to pay half the expense. The bridge
from the island to the Illinois shore is to be
built by the railroad company without any
expense whatever to the Government. This
is a clear saving to the Government in securing
access to its property upon this island,
j Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to
amend the amendment by adding the follow-
' ing:
| Said bridge to be free to public travel, and the rail-
! road to pay at least one half tho cost of the super-
! structure.
| Mr. PRICE. I have no objection to that; I
accept it as a modification of my amendment.
| Mr. GRINNELL. The proposition now
| before us presents the simple question whether
! the Government shall receive any advantage
from this property or not. Without a bridge
it is worth nothing.
i Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. As the gentle-
[ man from Iowa [Mr. Price] accepts my amend-
j ment I have nothing to say, except that this
bridge is as much needed by the Government
and the public as it is by the railroad com-
pany ; and if it be built jointly, there will be a
1 saving of at least one half to the Government.
The amendment of Mr. Price, as modified,
was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
j For ropairs and preservation of custom-houses and
other public buildings, $25,000.
Mr. TABER. I move to amend by adding
after the clause just read, the following:
And for the erection, under the direction of the
Light-House Board, of an iron spindle on Success
Koek, Long Island bound, $500, or so much thereof
as shall bo necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For repairs of the building used as the custom-
house and post office at Middlctown, Connecticut,
; Sii.ooo.
] For the payment of fixtures and furniture furnished
| to said othcu, $ti(J0.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in the clause just read the words " for
the payment of fixtures and furniture furnished
to said office, $600." This matter is already
provided for by law.
Mr. WARNER. The gentleman is alto-
gether mistaken. A special appropriation is
necessary.
Mr. KASSON. The mistake, I believe,
is with my friend from Connecticut, [Mr.
Warner.] I have learned from an officer in
charge of this work that the necessary amount
can be paid out of another fund.
Mr. WARNER. I ask the gentleman to
withdnkw the amendment. I think he will
find that he has been misinformed.
Mr. KASSON. Very well; I will withdraw.
The Clerk read as follows :
For United States court-house and post office at
Des Moines, Iowa, $85,000.
Mr. BERGEN. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the clause just read the following:
For a site for United States court-house and post
office at Brooklyn, New York, $100,000.
Mr. Chairman, although Brooklyn is in point
of population the third city in the Union,
yet the Government owns no public buildings
within its boundaries. The Government is
now obliged to rent the buildings occupied by
the United States court and post office in Brook-
lyn. In almost every city of any considerable
size the buildings occupied for these purposes
are owned by the Government. We have just
passed an appropriation for a court-house and
post office in a village with a population of
only sixty-five hundred. Under these circum-
stances, I cannot see why the Government
should not own buildings of this character in
a city so considerable in size and population
as Brooklyn. That city claims thft as a matter
