846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
denounced Congress as corrupt, and said every-
thing else which it was possible for him. to say
to please gentlemen at the other end of the
avenue. This letter was sent to the President,
and he deemed it so good a thing that he sent
it to a New York paper to be published. The
House called upon the Secretary of State for a
copy of that letter to ascertain its authenticity.
Its authenticity was certified to by the Secre-
tary of State, who sent us a full copy of the
whole letter. The letter, when read to the
House, will I think be found to bear the char-
acter which I have given it, as a-most abusive,
vulgar, vile attack upon Congress, which it
denounces as fit for anything else than its
duties.
This is the same Mr. Harvey who was be-
lieved to have communicated information to
the enemy upon the eve of the bombardment
of Fort Sumter ; and in consequence of this
fact being discovered the Union Senators, a
short iiine_after his confirmation, waited in a
body upon" the President and asked that his
appointment should be revoked. But the
President, in the goodness of his heart, could
not think of doing such a thing; and Harvey
was suffered to retain the position. He re-
mained there until he wrote this attack upon
Congress. If he is there now he is there in
defiance of the will of Congress; and I trust
he will be allowed to pay his own expenses.
His name was stricken from the appropriation
bill of last year, and this further provision was
added:
And no money shall be paid to the present minis-
ter resident at Portugal out of any fund whatever on
account of further services in his office.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have that act before
me, and I desire to ask the gentleman whether
he supposes that the effect of that provision
was to repeal the general consular and diplo-
matic act regulating our foreign relations,
passed, I believe, in 1856, which act provides
for a minister resident at Portugal, and fixes
his salary. If the provision in the act of last
year does not have the effect to repeal the act
of 185U, then I desire to inquire whether sim-
ply leaving the name of this minister out of
the appropriation bill will do anything more
than throw over the payment of this officer,
to be provided for as an item in a deficiency
bill.
I will remark further, if the gentlemau will
allow me, that I have no doubt that either the
executive or the legislative department of the
Govermeut may with propriety object in the
most emphatic manner to continuing in an offi-
cial position abroad one who,would slander or
abuse or in any way misrepresent that partic-
ular department of the Government. I can
conccive why the Executive should refuse to
accredit any officer who would so misrepresent
that department. It seems to me that we may
with equal propriety refuse to appropriate
money to pay a man who abuses and misrep-
resents the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment. But I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether in his opinion the act of last
session repeals the act of 1856, to which I
have referred, and if it does not, whether the
omission of the appropriation from this bill
does not simply throw over the item to be
provided for m a deficiency bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose that the act to
which I have just referred is a legitimate en-
actment. This Congress declares that so long
as this man retains the position he shall have
no pay ; and if this is not a sufficient hint for
hirn and for the Government I do not know
what would be. There is a general continuing
provision of law that this man shall receive no
money ^ and I propose that we shall do now
as we did last year omit from the appropria-
tion bill any provision for his payment as min-
ister abroad. Tf he chooses to stay there till
doomsday let him do so. I think that out of
the country is the best place for him to be.
Mr. MAYNARD. I submit to the gentle-
man whether the object he has in view will be
accomplished in that way. Suppose that we
should refuse to make provision for the pay-
ment of this officer, either in the regular ap-
propriation bill or in a deficiency bill; if he
should apply to the Court of Claims will not
that court, in executing the law, be compelled
to render judgment in his favor, which will be
a charge upon the Treasury ?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not see how the Court
of Claims could render judgment in opposition
to a direct act of Congress declaring J;hat a
man occupying a particular place shall be paid
nothing.
Suppose under the act to which the gentle1
man refers it had been provided the minister
at Portugal shouldbe paid $800, and Congress
afterward passed a law he should not be paid
anything, does not that repeal the substantial
part of the first law ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I fail to make myself
understood by the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations. The question I proposed
goes behind that. Does the act of the last
session have any other effect than to suspend
the payment of the salary for that year, leaving
the law afterward to be revived in full force ?
Mr. STEVENS. The act to which 1 refer
is a general act. So far as this salary is con-
cerned the committee of conference of the two
Houses at the last session thought it best to put
it in this shape.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to say one word in regard to this proposition,
especially as I was instrumental to a certain
extent in procuring the publication of the let-
ter on account of which the present minister at
Portugal is deprived of his salary. I have no
very distinetrecollection ofthe precise language
of that letter, but I have no hesitation in ex-
pressing the opinion that it does not deserve
the characterization just given to it by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] It
was a letter which did express differences of
opinion from Congress ; but I fail to recollect
any language or any sentiment in it which as-
qribes to Congress corrupt motives, or which
can be properly styled "a foul and vulgar
abuse of Congress." I do not think, sir, those
terms are warranted by the language of the let-
ter. That,_ however, can speedily be decided,
if any one is interested in fastening that char-
acter upon it, by referring to the Globe, in
which it is published.
Now, sir, it must be borne in mind this was
strictly a private letter, written by Mr. Harvey
as an American citizen, residing abroad, to the
Secretary of State, his personal friend. It was
not an official letter; it was not intended to be
made public at all; and but for the act of the
Secretary of State and my own agency in the
matter it would not have seen the light. If
any one is to be punished for the publication
of that letter it certainly is not the gentleman
who wrote it.
Mr. Chairman, it is confessed, it is avowed
here the only object of this provision is to pun-
ish Mr. Harvey for writing that letter, to pun-
ish him as a citizen for expressing different
opinions from those held by Congress. It is
said this is the only way in which we can get
rid of a man who expresses opinions adverse
to Congress. Well, sir, if that is so, and if
Congress chooses to enter upon a general
scheme to get rid of all office-holders who
speak disrespectfully of its conduct and its
opinions, let us make our action general; let
us apply the rule to all. That I can under-
stand ; but I see no special reasons for now
singling out this particular office-holder for this
species of punishment.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, I know,
does not suppose for one moment Mr. Harvey
is the only man in possession of office who has
expressed differences of opinion from Con-
gress. If, then, he wishes to make this a gen-
eral rule, let him bring in a bill to that effect.
Let him remove all office-holders or deprive
them of their salaries when they are guilty of
the presumption of expressing opinions differ-
ent from those entertained and acted upon by
Congress. Mr. Harvey was appointed to this
office, it must be remembered, by Mr. Lincoln,
and confirmed by the Senate after the act to
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
alluded, and after the charges to which he now
refers were investigated and inquired into.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Harvey was appointed
before it was known, and when it was known
the Republican Senators went in a body and
asked the President to remove him.
Mr. RAYMOND. The whole of them—all
the Republican Senators?
Mr. STEVENS. I think so—the large ma-
jority of them.
Mr. HALE. Let me ask a question. I under-
stand one of the charges made against Mr.
Harvey is that he communicated information
to the enemy at the breaking out of the war.
I understand it is said by the chairman of the
committee those facts were brought to the
attention of Mr. Lincoln by a body of Repub-
lican members of Congress, who urged his re-
moval on that ground, and on those facts he
declined to remove him from office. I wish to
inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations whether he charges President
Lincoln with complicity either after or before
in the treasonable conduct of Mr. Harvey.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not say that the
appropriation was stricken out on that account:
I said it was on account of the letter. Then I
went on to describe who Harvey was, and
stated that Mr. Lincoln did not know of his
having written this letter when he appointed
him, and being a good-natured man he never
wanted to remove anybody after he had ap-
pointed him. I do not think Mr. Lincoln
approved of him at all, but he had not the heart
to turn out a man whom he had put there.
And while I am up allow me to say that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Raymond]
rather perverts the grounds upon which I put
it. I did not put it on the ground of expressing
opinions—God knows we should remove a good
many if we did—but on the ground of vulgar
abuse of Congress; not because he supported
the policy of the President and opposed that
of Congress, but becausc he acted like a black-
guard. I have sent for the letter in order
that the House may understand it, and after it
is read I will move to pass this over.
Mr. HALE. Will my colleague allow me
a single question, following out what he has
already said ?
Mr. RAYMOND. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. My question is this: whether
when this subject was presented to Mr. Lincoln
the gentleman is not satisfied that Mr. Lincoln
was convinced that the charges against Mr.
Harvey were unfounded, otherwise he would
have been removed?
Mr. RAYMOND. In regard to the original
appointment of Mr. Harvey by Mr. Lincoln,
which was confirmed by the Senate, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania now says that Mr.
Lincoln was requested, as he believes, by a
majority of the Senate to remove Mr. Harvey
for certain reasons which they assigned. The
President did not see fit to remove him. The
gentleman thinks it was because he had not
nerve—because he was too kind-hearted. Sir,
I never knew an instance during my acquaint-
ance with President Lincoln when he had not
the nerve to do justice to his country by the
removal of any public officer whose case called
for such interposition, especially any one who
had been guilty of treasonable practices such
as are charged upon Mr. Harvey. I know that
at that time many things which he did were
complained of by members of Congress and
others, but I think the judgment of the country
then sustained him rather than those who made
complaint, and that it has reaffirmed that judg-
ment since. I believe if Mr. Lincoln had known
Mr. Harvey to have been guilty of the acts
charged upon him and with the motives now
ascribed to him he would have been promptly
removed.
But that is not, as the gentleman says, the
reason for striking out his salary. He now
assigns as the reason, not that Mr. Harvey
expressed opinions different from those held
by Congress, but because he did it in a coarse
and abusive style—that he was guilty of vulgar
