1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
abuse of Congress and " acted like a black-
guard." Now, sir, that is to a certain extent
a matter of taste. The gentleman's tastes are
more refined and more fastidious in that re-
spect probably than my own or those of other
members of the House; but I submit that he
ought to be careful in applying so stringent, a
rule 011 points of taste to persons holding offi-
cial positions in the Government. It is barely
possible that a large number of the office-hold-
ers throughout the land might not come up to
his high requirements in matters of taste in
the use of language. I submit that he should
make the matter of taste of more general ap-
plication and not restrict it to Mr. Harvey or
to any single man.
Why, sir, I can produce a hundred, yes a
thousand other men holding office who have
expressed their opinions of Congress in a great
deal stronger and more flagrant terms than
any used by Mr. Harvey in the letter now in
question. Why not apply the same rule to
them? Why not, if all men are to be brought
to this rigid rule and made to conform to the
fastidious taste of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania in the use of language, why not intro-
duce a section in the appropriation bill that
such a postmaster at such a place, that such
a naval officer in such a city, that such a rev-
enue collector in such a port, having been de-
tected in expressing their opinions of Congress
in terms which strike the gentleman from
Pennsylvania as vulgar and indecent, shall re-
ceive no salaries during the remainder of their
official terms. I submit that this is no ground
upon which we can act with due regard to our
self-respect. If we want these men out of
office let us make a law to get them out. Let
us make representation in the proper quarter,
and get them out by the proper means. Let
us do it, if we do it at all, in a straightforward
manner—one which we can persuade ourselves
at least is consistent with our sense of justice
and fair dealing if we cannot vindicate it be-
fore the people.
I do not believe the people of this country
desire that any man should be thrust out of
office by simply starving him out, by depriving
him of the salary which the law awards him
as long as he holds his place and does its
duties. I have no special interest in this
case. It is a matter of not the slightest
consequence to me whether Mr. Harvey re-
ceives his salary or not. But it is of some con-
sequence to us all to pursue a course in this
matter which will meet the approbation of our
sober judgment when the excitement of party
and personal resentment has passed away.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Raymond] resumes his
seat, I desire to make an inquiry of him. I
have heard it stated, but I do not know how
true it is, and I call the attention of the gen-
tleman to it, believing that he may perhaps be
able to verify or refute the statement, that a
dispatch was found in the telegraph office of
this city, in the handwriting of Sir. Harvey,
and addressed to the Governor of South Car-
olina, which dispatch was prepared and sent
witli the privity of the Administration of Mr.
Lincoln, and perhaps of the Department;
that the object was not clandestinely or se-
cretly to prevent Fort Sumter fiom being reen-
forced, but to let the rebels have full knowledge
of the intentions of the Government so that if
a collision occurred they would be put clearly
and manifestly in the wrong before the country
in making war upon the garrison which we
were endeavoring to succor. I have heard
that explanation given of the conduct of Mr.
Harvey, and also that Mr. Harvey was selected
for the purpose by reason of his being a South
Carolinian. The question I desire to ask of
the gentleman from New York is, whether the
information in his possession tends to confirm
or to refute those statements.
Mr. RAYMOND. I am unable to say aby-
thing about that, because I have no personal
knowledge of the facts of the case. I under-
Stood at the time that Mr. Harvey was not the
originator of the dispatch referred to by (he
gentleman, but that it was sent through him
because he was known at the time to be the
Washington correspondent of a Charleston
paper and acquainted with prominent persons
in South Carolina, as well as the gentleman to
whom the dispatch was addressed; of that,
however, I am not sure.
Mr. BANKS. 1 think a very simple expla-
nation can be given of the dispatch communi-
cated to the papers in South Carolina in 1861.
There was a doubt on the part of the southern
people whether the North would fight them if
they entered into an armed rebellion. It was
the interest of the Administration to satisfy the
southern people that if they did proceed against
the authority and laws of the United States
they would meet resistance from the Govern-
ment with all its power. And I imagine that
the dispatch of Mr. Harvey was sent to Charles-
ton in order to satisfy the leaders of the rebel-
lion that if they did move against the authority
of the United States they would have to en-
counter the whole power of the Government.
In that view it was not a criminal act on the
part of Mr. Harvey. If he had communicated
information for himself which he had obtained
from the Government, the knowledge of which
information would have operated against us
and in their favor, that ceitoinly would have
been a treasonable act. But I do not under-
stand that dispatch to have been of that char-
acter. Nor do I understand that the provision
inserted in the appropriation bill of last year
was inserted in consequence of that affair at all.
I understand the facts for striking the'appro-
priation for the salary of Mr. Harvey from the
appropriation bill to have been these: Mr.
Harvey disagreed with Congress in regard to
tho course of the Government and was in favor
of the policy of the President. But he was not
content with simply expressing his difference
of opinion. 'The letter which he wrote and
which was made public was interpreted to mean
that tho President would be justified in using
force against Congress: that was the under-
standing. I do not know whether that letter
will bear out that construction or not; but that
was the interpretation generally given to the
letter.
Now it would be very proper, as the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Raymond] suggests,
that if we do not like Mr. Harvey we should
remove him or abolish tho law under which he
was appointed. But there is another matter
involved in the matter. We have now amica-
ble and friendly relations with the Government
of Portugal.' To pass an act discontinuing
diplomatic relations with that Government
would be in the nature of an offensive act against
the Government of Portugal which the Gov-
ernment of the United States should not take
without some cause growing out of the diplo-
matic relations between the two Governments.
Yet no person should ask that we should retain
as an officer of this Government a man who has
published to the people of the United States
a recommendation to one department of the
Government to proceed against another depart-
ment with force. No person would expect us
to continue in office in such relations to the
Government a man who had expressed such
opinions, and therefore Congress did the only
thing that was left for it to do, it declared in
the most solemn manner by a vote of the two
Houses, followed by a vote of a conference of
the two Houses, that the salary of this officer
ought not to be paid and they instructed the ex-
ecutive department under no circumstances to
continue the payment of the salary, and I think
that if this officer remains at his office in defi-
ance of the legislation of last year some course
should be pursued by Congress to remedy the
evil unless some explanation is made.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not propose to add
anything to what has been said or to anticipate
anything that may be said in regard to tho
merits of Mr. Harvey as a representative of
the whole American people abroad. 1 do not
nropose to go back into Mr. Harvey's antece-
dents. I will make ouly^ the general remark
that the representative of our country abroad
ought to be the representative of the whole
country, and that he was traveling out-of his
proper sphere when, being abroad and repre-
senting the public sentiment of the whole coun-
try, he indulged in anything which by direction
or indirection he laid before the President to
be read abroad and criticised reflecting upon
the Government. We recollect very well the
history of the case of Mr. Yan Buren, and how
he was rejected by the Senate for dragging into
observation at the court to which he was ac-
credited questions which belonged to us at
home only.
The objection to Mr. Harvey I understand
to be that he wrote home io the Secretary of
State a letter which seems to have been de-
signed for the public, ana which waspublished,
in which he takes occasion to commend him-
self to one branch of '.he Government by an
attack upon another branch of the Govern-
ment. Such men are not fit to represent any
branch of the Government abrcad.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Ray-
mond] says we should repeal the law author-
izing his appointment. Why, sir, we have no
law authorizing the appointment of represent-
atives abroad. The Constitution provides for
that. It is the prerogative of the Executive
to appoint embassadors and oilier ministers
and consuls to foreign Governments, lie does
it without law. No law needs to be repealed
and no law needs to be passed. And no law
ever has been passed declaring what shall be
the representation of this country iu this, that,
or the other country. Now, further than this,
Congress fixes what shall be the grade of its
ministers abroad. When the Executive says
that he wants a minister to Portugal Congress
has to make provision for his pay, and that is
the only chcck we have upon the Executive.
While the Constitution gives him the power to
appoint representatives of the Government to
any foreign Government on earth, it is our
place to withhold our sanction to such appoint-
ments by denying the supplies for the payment
of his appointees. In other words, the only
way in which we can get Mr. Harvey is to
"starve him out." And there is a peculiar
propriety iti our taking this course when it
effects one of this " bread and butter brigade."
If the President chooses to keep Mr. Harvey
or any one else as our representative at a
foreign Court it is for Congress to say, " If yon
choose to keep such men as our ministers at
these Courts, we will not pay them ;" and in
that way, although the President may not
recall them, I apprehend that these "bread
and butter" gentlemen will soon be found
wending their way homewards. [Laughter.]
But, sir, it does not lie in the mouth of the
Executive to complain, for this matter was
before the House at its last session, and the
House struck out this appropriation. The Sen-
ate reinserted it, and the matter went finally
to a committee of conference. The bill, as it
finally passed, not only withheld tho appropri-
ation, but prohibited the payment of any such
salary; and that bill, with that clause in it,
the President signed and approved.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to insinuate
that this gentleman, Mr. Harvey, belongs to
the "bread and butter brigade." I understand
that he was one of the appointees of Mr. Lin-
coln, and I was not aware that the "bread and
butter brigade" was organized at that time. I
would like to hear from the gentleman at that
point. .
Mr. SCHENCK. The political army is like
other armies. There are deserters from it as
from other armies. This "bread and butter
brigade '' to which I have referred only for the
purpose of characterizing Mr. Harvey as one
of those composing it, lias been made up of
recruits from not only the Republican party
and the Democratic party, but even from
among the very men appointed to civil or even
military stations by the Administration that
preceded this and by the party to which t.icse
men have proved renegade. There is no ne-
cessity for bandying words about this matter.
