1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1523
of justice. I do not see how the propriety of
the claim can be denied.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope this amendment
will not be adopted. We have had no com-
munication, no estimates, nothing whatever
on which a large amount like this ought to be
appropriated, especially as it will lay the found-
ation for other large appropriations to be made
hereafter. I trust that this bill will not be
further loaded down.
Mr. .BERGEN. For the sake of saying a
word in addition, I move to amend my amend-
ment by striking out the last word.
Let me say to the House that it is a matter
of economy for the Government to own in any
locality the buildings which it needs for public
purposes. And if it be a matter of economy
in villages of sixty-five hundred inhabitants,
it certainly must be a matter of economy in
a city like Brooklyn, with a population of
nearly four hundred thousand.
The Government have lately within a short
period paid or agreed to pay the sum of
S000,000 for the site for a post office and court-
house in the city of New York. I say it is a
matter of economy to make this appropriation.
I withdraw my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move the
following amendment to the amendment:
And for acustom-house, internal revenue office, and
post office at Quincy, Illinois, $50,000. i
Mr. RADFORD. Is this offered as an
amendment or as a substitute?
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. As an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, we appropriate in this bill
$6,000 for the repair of a building used as a
custom-house at Middletown, Connecticut; far
up the Connecticut river. Why, then, if this
and other small places are to be taken care of,
should not this appropriation in my amendment
be made for Quincy, Illinois? It is economy
for the Government to have its own buildings.
We have there now no public buildings at all.
It has a large population and no post office
building. It is a port of entry, and yet has no
custom-house. It has no building of its own
where Government officers can do business. It
has to rent buildings for that purpose.
I think if we can vote $85,000 for Des Moines,
which is a much smaller place, we can afford
to appropriate the amount I have proposed for
a place three times as large. Quincy is a port
of entry and Des Moines is not that 1 have ever
heard of.
Mr. KASSON. Congress authorized the
work at Des Moines as well as at Springfield
at the last session.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I present the
question to the House. I believe it will be
economy for the Government to have its own
buildings at Quincy, instead of hiring buildings
for public purposes.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment.
Mr. BERGEN called for tellers.
Tollers were ordered; and Mr. Bergen and
Mr. Kasson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes sixteen; noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I submit the following
amendment.
Insert:
For the removal of sunken wrecks in the channel
of i'roviiieneo river, off Pawtuxet bar, and widening
the channel at tho "Crook," so-called, 825,000.
For removal of obstructions in tho channel of the
Pawtucket river, $17,000.
I ask the Clerk to read a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury recommending
this appropriation.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Departmint, January 9; 1867.
Sib : The petitions of Ambrose E. Burnside and
others, for an appropriation for removal of sunken
vessels in Providence river, and petition of citizens
of Pawtucket and North Providence for an appro-
priation for improvement of-the navigation of Paw-
tucket river, submitted by you to this Department,
having been referred to the Superintendent of tue
Coast Survey for report, I have the honor to transmit
herewith in reply, copy of a letter from J. E. Hil-
gard, Esq., assistant in charge of the Coast Survey,
inclosing report of Assistant F. P. Webber, who was
detailed to inquire into the question relating to
proposed improvements in the navigation of the
river referred to, with accompanying map, which has
nay concurrence.
I am, very respectfully,
II. McCULLOCII,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hoy. Thaddeus Stevens, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, House of Representatives.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to add to that
amendment:
For the improvement of the Alleghany river, $20,000.
Mr. Chairman, in my district the member of
Congress for a great many years has been
elected by pledging himself to get an appropri-
ation for the improvement of the Alleghany
river, but after the Republican party came into
power in that country they concluded that was
a humbug, and it was not required of me. It
is barely possible I may be a candidate at some
future time, and this would be a great help
to me if I should be. I hope, therefore, the
House will give me this small appropriation for
my district. [Laughter.]
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman's amend-
ment has not the recommendation of the Treas-
ury Department, as mine has.
Mr. LE BLOND. The gentleman need not
have that humbug to he reelected, as he has a
bigger one; he has reconstruction on the brain.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Perhaps they may not run
me agaki, as I have been here longer than
usual, and this may help me. [Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HOG AN. I move to add to the amend-
ment :
For the removal of wrecks in the Mississippi river,
$40,000.
Mr. Chairman, within the last four months
vessels of the late confederate States sunk in
the Mississippi river have been the means of
the destruction of three of the finest boats on
that river, causing a loss of some eight hun-
dred thousand dollars. These vessels were
sunk in time of war and they have remained
there, constituting a permanent obstruction to
navigation. It is impossible to avoid them,
and the only remedy is to remove them. I
think it devolves upon this Government to
take the obstructions from that great river of
this Republic. I do not know that $40,000 will
remove them, but it will do something toward
it. We have suffered in consequence of those
wrecks not only the loss of property to the
amount of $800,000, but the loss of fifty or
sixty lives of American citizens. I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. JENCKES. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his amendment. I agree with him
that the removal of these wrecks, if practica-
ble, is a proper thing to be done by the Govern-
ment of the United States; but there has not
been done in that case what has been done in
the case which I have^resented to the House,
namely, a survey of the river by a proper officer
of the Government, an accurate estimate made
of the probable expenses of removing the ob-
structions, and a recommendation of the Treas-
ury Department upon the report of that officer.
When the gentleman comes before the House
with these credentials I shall probably vote
with him, but I hope he will not encumber this
amendment by his own when he admits that he
does not know that the sum asked will be suffi-
cient to remove the obstructions of which he
complains, and does not state how far it will go
toward their removal.
Mr. HOGAN. One word in reply. I think
my proposition is germane to that of tho
gentleman from Rhode Island. If our river,
which has properly been characterized as an
inland sea, were a sea-board it could get these
estimates for removals of obstructions. But
our river, although floating a commerce
greater than all our foreign commerce, seems
hitherto to have been ignored by nearly all the
gentlemen connected with this service.
Mr. STEVENS. May I ask the gentleman
if we did not appropriate a considerable sum
last year for snag-boats to be used for that
purpose.
Mr. HOGAN. That was the first recog-
nition for a long time, but the amount appro-
priated last year will be almost exhausted in
the preparation of the boats, and I now want
something for the boats to work on when they
are ready for work. I hope the committee
will not make any objection to this small
appropriation, merely to show our people that
this great Government is looking somewhat
to the advancement of the interest of the
West.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suggest to the gentle-
man to extend his proposition so as to include
the tributaries of the Mississippi, then it will
take in the Alleghany river.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to—ayes sixty-nine; noes not counted.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Jenckes, as amended; and being put,
no quorum voted.
The Chair ordered tellers; and Messrs.
IIoga-V and Scofield were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 70, noes 33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Public Buildings and Grounds:
For care, support, and medical treatment of sixty
transient paupers, medical and surgical patients, in
some proper medical institution in the eity of Wash-
ington, under a contract to be formed with such in-
stitution by tho Commissioner of Public Buildings,
$12,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. SCHENOK. I move to amend by
adding the following:
Provided, That in tho expenditure of this and the
succeeding items in this section, to be disbursed by
or under tho supervision of said Commisioner of
Public Buildings, no portion of the fund so appro-
priated shall be reserved to pay for his services as
poet-laureate of the Administration.
[Laughter.]
I observe in the paragraph preceding this a
provision for the completion of "approaches"
to the Treasury 1" Then follow some four
or five pages taken up with items relative to
the disbursements to be made under the super-
vision of or by the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, which open, it appears to me, some
very easy and wide approaches to the Treas-
ury. I have been familiar with Washington for
some twenty-five years, and I undertake to say
that, for some reason perhaps known to others
but which I do not pretend to understand, our
public buildings ana the public squares exhibit
a more dilapidated condition than 1 have known
them ever to exhibit before. Everything seems
to be more or less slip-shod. Among the many
things here again provided for are appropria-
tions for laborers and electricians ana watch-
men to bo employed, whose compensations will
be from $900 to $1,200 apiece, which will be
patronage exercised by the Commissioner of
Public Buildings.
Now, sir, I doubt whether the Commissioner,
owing to his other engagements, has time to
attend to all these matters, and I want to call
the attention of the House to that difficulty.
The Commissioner is a gentleman whom I
have known for a great many years; first, as
an assistant clerk in this House; then as Chief
Clerk; then as Commissioner of Public Build-
ings under Pierce; next as the clerk of the
Committee of Claims in a Republican Congress;
then as Commissioner of Public Buildings under
the last Administration; and now in the same
position under the present one. Being a gen-
tleman belonging to the class who are always
in office, he has necessarily had, and must con-
tinue to have, a great deal to do for himself
and his friends. Therefore it is that I express
my anxiety lest he should be prevented by
these other matters from properly attending tn
his duties as poet-laureate of this or any suc-
ceeding Administration; and in order to show
what is required of him in that capacity, 1
