848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Many a "tread and butter" man has gone
from" the Republican party and may have
enjoyed its honors. The only thing that can
be said of such is that they are more detesta-
ble than any others, because they have fallen
from a higher estate. [Laughter.] It did not
need perhaps that a Democrat should go down
very much lower than he was in order to take
a position in this "bread and butter brigade."
But let a man in a higher position fall, and it
is very much like the fall of woman—the best
of all God's gifts—or as a gentleman suggests,
very much like the fall of Lucifer himself, the
depth of whose plunge into hell was just in
proportion to the height of those battlements
of heaven from which he was precipitated.
But this is aside from the question of which
I was speaking. I say the only way in which
we can effectually reach any man sent abroad
by the Executive, in the exercise of his pre-
rogative as Chief Magistrate, to represent the
country, is to deny the supplies for paying any
such man; and the committee have very prop-
erly taken the only course that was open to
them in this case.
Mr. STEVENS. I have sent to the Clerk
the original letter of Mr. Harvey, and I ask
that the part which relates to Congress be
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
" "While any collision between tlie majority in Con-
gress and the President is to be regretted, the recent
explosion will operate like electricity in clearing the
atmosphere. The common strong sense of the coun-
try will vindicate itself again, as it has often done
before, by an instruction likely to be remembered by
those who would 4 rule or ruin.' The people are
weary of agitation merely for the sake ot agitation,
and they demand that pcaee, order, and law shall be
reestablished throughout the length and breadth of
the CJmon. Inaction can no more arrest the march
of those events than the march of the waves, wtiich
will not go so far and no farther at their bidding,
though they may command with the tongue of a
thousand Canutes.
" Ijet the Administration go straight forward and
without shrinking, and all will be well, howl as par-
tisanship may at its heels. Look at the record of
your own individual experience since 1861, if instruc-
tion and encouragement be needed. Who so perse-
cnted, outraged, and traduced, and by many who
should hang their heads down in very shame, and
whoso triumphantly honored and sustained, even to
the dangerous point of being praised by the com-
pelled homage of revilers ?
" If it were possible to destroy the Union and with
it all hopes of the future, the men engaged in and
cxciting the crusade would be exactly the appro-
priate instruments. All their endeavors, their en-
thusiasm, and their desires have been directed to
that end, if not with intention, at least with a mis-
chievous policy, that if successful could produce no
other result. They seem to have taken their lessons
of wisdom from the Duko of Alva, whose advice,
unreason, and obstinate conduct cost Plnhp II one
of the fairest parts of his dominions. Minus the form
of the Inquisition—of which the modern Alvas would
preserve all the punishment—there is a striking par-
allel between tlio champions of harsh and headstrong
zeal throe hundred years ago and that which lashes
itself into fury now, and merely because it cannot
have 'its own way.'
" We are fighting a new battle for the Union, and
against foes the more dangerous tor being insidious
and within the lines of our camp. But I have not a
particle of doubt about the result, any more than I
had about the issueof the other war, when our proper
strength could be collected and judiciously applied.
" The crisis demands positive remedies a.nd direct
treatment. Quackery will kill in this extremity.
Therefore tile sooner it is understood that the lino
must be drawn broadly and clearly the sooner well
the Administration be relieved from some of the
dangers which incidentally menace it.
" Whoever lias studied the events of the war must
be convinccd that the black man cared very little for
his own status or was willing to make much effort to
change it. No such opportunity was ever offered to
an enslaved race to strike loi itself, and certainly en-
couragement enough was given to it to do so in some
directions. Every proper and humane man feels
that, cir-ancipated as that race now is, it should have
every just aid and protection until able to help itself.
But let mo tell you, from some little observation 011
the subject and some knowledge of the people, that
human ingenuity _ could not de-vise a more effective
method for fastening another torm of bondage upon
them than this ballot, which is proposed as their
sovereign panacea. Give them that right and I
would pledge my life on the result, if the test could
be iairly made, that almost ninety per cent, of the
whole black population would vote on the side of
their old masters; or, in other words, become the in-
struments of fastening new chains upon themselves.
And if ever the day comes (which I hopenever to see
for fear ot the consequences) when these people may
vote without condition, you may expect to seethe
South compacted by negro suffrage and uniting with
the northern so-called ' Democracy' to regain pos-
session of the Government and overthrow everything
thus far accomplished. And suoh a result would be
quite in keeping with the sagacity and the modera-
tion of those who are ready to sacrifice everything
sacred to the one idea of their foolish fanaticism."
Mr. -STEVENS. I will not ask the Clerk
to read any further.
Mr. BANKS, Mr. NIBLACK, and others.
Let the whole letter be read.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr._ Pomeroy.) The
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
who has the floor, has the right to say how
much of the document shall be read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I see, on looking at.the
Blue Book, that Minister Harvey is set down
to the qredit of Pennsylvania. I have been
informed that he is a citizen of South Caro-
lina, and never did hail from the State which
I have the honor in part to represent.
" Mr.-STEVENS. The fact is, he roamed
about, wrote letters, and insinuated himself
among the men of the lobby here. Why he
should have been appointed minister to Por-
tugal, with a salary of $7,500 a year, I do not
know.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
make one or two remarks by way of comment
011 the discussion which has just taken place.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sohekok]
says that the Executive had no right to com-
plain of this act inasmuch as he had approved
and signed the bill which cut off Mr. Harvey's
salary last year. I trust nothing so far as I have
had connection with this discussion has left the
impression that the Executive has complained.
I have never certainly heard that he did in any
way, shape, or manner make any complaint.
I spoke simply and exclusively on behalf of
the self-respect of Congress, and I desire we
shall act here so as to meet our own approval
in this matter.
Another point the gentleman from Ohio made
was to draw a parallel between the action of
Mr. Harvey in sending a letter home referring
to divisions of party here and Mr. Van Buren's
action while minister to England: but I call
his attention to the fact that Mr. Van Buren's
offense consisted in making party divisions
here the basis of official action. Having failed
to obtain from England certain concessions
while one party was in power Mr. Van Buren
attempted to raise the same question again,
reminding them another party had come into
power here and assuring them they might ex-
pect different action at the hands of the Gov-
ernment. It was for that, sir, if I remember
aright, he was rejected. There is no parallel
to that in this case, and the gentleman from
Ohio will not pretend there is.
The letter has been read on account of which
Mr. Harvey is to be deprived of his salary as
minister to Portugal. I am willing to submit
to the House the question I did submit before,
whether there is anything in that letter which
deserves the epithets which the member from
Pennsylvania applied to it.
It is strong in its expressions of opinion, I
admit, but there is nothing in it I think, unless
my taste is lamentably defective, (and on that
point I defer to both the gentlemen who ad-
dressed the House on the subject, the member
from Pennsylvania and the member from Ohio,)
unless my taste is lamentably below the con-
gressional standard, I submit it does not justify
such epithets.
Mr. STEVENS. He charges that wo are
conspiring to rule or ruin the country; that we
are worse than the infamous Duke of Alva. I
ask whether those charges do not justify my
epithets?
Mr. RAYMOND. The question is pertinent,
but I think it betrays a sensitiveness on the
part of the gentleman from Pennsylvania I did
not expeet he would display. Mr. Harvey in
these passages makes no allusion to Congress.
He alludes to partisans and partisans only.
He says nothing about Congress. If the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania applies the term to
himself, it is only the "galled jade" that is
likely to wince.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman is mis-
taken. Mr. Harvey commences his letter by
an attack upon Congress.
Mr. RAYMOND. If I understand it, in the
beginning of the letter Mr. Harvey expresses
regret a collision has arisen between the Presi-
dent and Congress; and then he goes 011 to speak
of the divergence of opinion, not between those
two merely, but of that which prevails in the
country. He speaks of the country at large
and the divisions in the country, and uses
phrases not stronger than I have heard upon
this floor many times without exception.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the gen-
tleman then, because he slanders the whole
country it is not personal in regard to Con-
gress ?
Mr. RAYMOND. If I had understood that it
is because he speaks disrespectfully of the whdle
country that his salary is to be stopped I should
Qpnsiderthe remark more pertinent. He may
have spoken disrespectfully of the country, and
he may have committed the enormity to which
Sydney Smith alludes, in speaking disrespect-
fully of the equator ; but I submit his salary
should not be stopped on that account-
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from New
York with his u mal astuteness cannot compre-
hend the point which I make. -I,did allude to
the case of Mr. Van Buren, but I alluded to it
with thegeneral remark under no circumstances
ought the representative of our country abroad,
who should represent this country as a unit, be
permitted to call attention to differences at
home or to the existence of struggles between
coordinate branches of the Government.
Now, the gentleman draws a distinction in
this; Mr. Van Buren's communication was
made to that foreign Power, and Mr. Harvey's
was a letter to the Secretary of State at home,
and that it must have gone to the Secretary of
State, to whom it was addressed, before it could
get into the newspapers.
I make, then, this general remark on that
view of the subject; that if the Secretary of
State, representing the Foreign Department of
our Government, keeps a minister abioad who
indulges in writing political and partisan essays
attacking those who differ from the President
or the Administration, and then the Secretary
of State permits himself to be the condun
through which such tirades reach the public
by being printed in the newspapers, it is time
to let Mr. Seward know that he had better
keep such partisan defenders in the petty politi-
cal offices at home. I do not care to know
whether it was with Harvey's original consent,
or whether it was a specimen of the judgment
of Mr. Seward or of the President that this
paper was made public; wherever it was pub-
lished its effect must necessarily have been to
react abroad and to leave the people to infer,
"Here is a minister from the United States
who entertains and expresses views of this
kind in regard to the squabbles at home; he
could not be sent here to represent that great
Government unless he was pretty well informed
upon these subjects, and capable of making
them comprehensible to those who surround
him here and in the country from which he is
sent.''
I care not therefore how it got into the pub-
lic papers ; I say there is a minister of the
United States who writes a partisan tirade
abusing those who differ from his master, the
man who has become his master, and toward
whom he seeks thus to be obsequious, and by
this means seeks to commend himself to that
master; that letter goes to the Secretary of
State, and by the connivance of that Secre-
tary of State, or perhaps of the President, by
one or both of them, who thought it was a
good political essay and would answer some
partisan purpose, it is thrust into the public
prints and then goes back again to affect- the
position of Harvey as minister to that Gov-
ernment.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me here to say that we have received a com-
munication from the State Department ex-
pressly stating that the President directed it to
be made public.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, sir, the President
ordered it to be published; then by my vote the
