84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
far as the ballot is concerned, in my judgment
it repfesen'tsthis fundamental element of civil-
ized society, the family. It therefore should
be east by the bead of the family, and accord-
ing to reason, nature, and religion man is the
head . of the family. In that relation, while
every man is king, every woman is queen ; but
upon bim devolves the responsibility of con-
trolling the external relations of his family,
and those external relations are controlled by
the ballot; for that ballot or vote which he
exercises goes to choose the legislators who
are to make the laws which are to govern so-
ciety. Within the family man is supreme; he
governs by the law of the family, by the law of
reason, nature, religion. Therefore it is that
I am not in favor of conferring the right of
suffrage upon woman.
Now, Mr. President, one word further on
the subject of suffrage as it concerns the other
races. We are Caucasians and represent that
race. From history, fromour education, from our
experience, every man of full age of the Cau-
casian race in this country, as a general rule,
is competent. The Indians, the Africans, the
Mongolians, the Asiatics in this country, from
their history, from their position, are incom-
petent as a general rule, the exceptions only
being competent. We may as well speak the
truth on this question. When a man tells me
that the Indians, for instance, of the States
and Teriitories are competent to exercise this
great right of suffrage, he tells me what I cer-
tainly cannot be made to believe ; what, it seems
to me, it is impossible for any man in his senses
to believe. When a man telk me that the
Africans in this countryjust set free on the plant-
ations—I now speak of them as a mass; I
do not speak of the exceptional cases; there
are a great many colored men of intelligence
and character and standing who are perfectly
competent to exercise the right—but when a
man tells me that as a mass these men just set
free are competent to exercise the right of
suffrage and help to shape the laws of this great
Kepublie, he states what is perfectly abhorrent
to my sense of justice, reason, or propriety.
Sir, it would be a burlesque on republican hi-
stitutions, and we should make ourselves the
laughing stock of the world by doing any such
thing. To say that three or four million slaves,
who have just been set free from a bondage of
two hundred years in this country, and who in
the country from which they came were de-
scended from a race and from a position the
most degraded on the face of the earth, are
educated, that they are experienced, that
they are in condition now, the moment their
shackles are stricken off, to exercise this high
right of franchise, is contrary to reason, in my
judgment.
It seems to me perfectly impossible that they
can be competent. There are some exceptions,
and if you could frame a law so as to meet the
exceptional cases it would be right, here in the
District, or, if an}' State could do it, elsewhere.
It is just so with the Asiatics over in California.
What kind of a spectacle would it be if the sev-
enty or eighty thousand Chinamen there, who
know nothing of our republican institutions,
who can know nothing of them at present, were
permitted to exercise this right of suffrage?
Will it be contended that the Indians of the
Territories and the States (with exceptional
cases, it is true, which might be provided for
by the laws of those States) are competent to
exercise the right of franchise ? It is impossi-
ble that it should be so in the nature of things.
While I do not object to laws here or else-
where that may provide for the exceptional
cases and that would admit to the right of
franchise in this District those colored men who
8ve competent; while a law providing for that
would meet my approbation, I think that to con-
fer universal manhood suffrage in this District
into which freedmen from all the States can flock
ad libitum, sHthout restriction, is dangerous.
It seems to me that we are wild when we talk
of such a thing or imagine that the American
people have passed judgment in favor of any-
thing like that. Had you proposed a thing
like that before the last election and made that
an issue in the canvass you would have found
a very different verdict. That issue was avoided
everywhere. The idea of universal negro suf-
frage as the basis of reconstruction was avoided
in every State in the Union. Possiblyin Mas-
sachusetts it was not; I am not so sure about
that; but in every State where ■there was any
fear of losing the election this question was not
raised; and for our friends to stand up now
and say that the judgment of the people has
been declared in favor of universal negro suf-
frage to be imposed upon the South as the
basis of reconstruction is all folly. It was not
contained in the constitutional amendment,
which was made the basis or claimcd to be
made the basis upon which the election was
carried.
Mr. President. I have stated very briefly that
I shall not be able to vote for the proposition
of my honorable friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cowan.] I shall not be able to vote for
this bill if it be a bill to give universal suffrage
to the colored men in this District without any
restriction or qualification. I have been in-
formed that some other Senator intends before
this bill shall have passed in the Senate to pro-
pose an amendment which will attach a qualifi-
cation, and perhaps, should that meet the views
of the Senate, I might give my support to the
bill. I shall not detain the Senate further now
on this subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to say in just a
brief word that I shall vole against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania, sim-
ply because I am in favor of this measure and
I do not want to weigh it down with anything
"else. There are other measures that I would
be glad to support in their proper place and
time; but this is a great measure of itself.
Since 1 have been a member of the Senate,
there was a law in this District authorizing the
selling of these people. To have traveled in
six years from the auction-block to the ballot
with these people is an-immense stride, and if
we can carry this measure alone of itself wo
should be contented for the present. I am for
this measure religiously and earnestly, and I
would vote down and vote against everything
that I thought weakened or that I thought was
opposed to it. It is simply with this view, with-
out expressing any opinion in regard to the
merits of the amendment, that 1 shall vote
against it and all other amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Coway,] to strike out the
word ''male" before the word "person,'' in
the second line of the first section of the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia as a substitute for the whole
bill, and on that question the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. FOGG. T desire to state that T have
received a telegram from my colleague, [Mr.
Cijagin,] who is in New York, staling that he
is detained there by the sickness of his wife.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 9, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Bnekalow,
Cowan, Foster, Ncsmith, Patterson, Riddle, and
Wude-O.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cres-
well, Davis, Bison, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Fogg, Frelinghuyseii, Grimes, Harris, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howard, llowo.Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan.
Morrill, Norton. Poland, Pomeroy, ltamsey, Ross,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewarr, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van Winkle,Willey,Williams, Wilson, and
Y ates—37.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Fowler, Guthrie, John-
son, McDousall, and Nye—6.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DIXON". I offer the following amend-
ment, to be inserted at the end of the first section
of the amendment reported by the committee:
Provided, That no person who has not heretofore
voted in this District shall be permitted to vote
unless he shall be able at the time of offering to vote
to road and also write his own name.
Mr. Pjesident, the amendment which I have
offered provides that no person not heretofore
a voter shall be authorized by this bill to vote
who is unable to read and also to write his
own name. I have offered it not with the in-
tention of obstructing, but in the hope of aid-
ing the passage of the bill. I intend to vote
for it if thus amended. I may be permitted to
say that I have always, whenever an opportu-
nity hps been presented, voted to extend suf-
frage irrespective of color. I thus voted when
the question was raised in the territorial bills
of recent sessions. Once, I think, in the Le-
gislature of Connecticut and twice at the polls
I have voted to erase the word " white" from
the constitution of my own State. My opin-
ions on the subject have not changed. I still
believe that color or race should not be the
test of the right of voting. I would deny to no
man the right of voting solely on aedfeunt of
his color ; but I doubt the propriety of permit-
ting any man to vote, whatever his race or color,
who has not at least that proof of intelligence
which the ability to read and write furnishes.
It is true, as the Senator from Massachusetts
remarked yesterday, tha-t there are instances
in which remarkable intelligence is found iu
men who can neither read nor write, yet these
are exceptional. As a general rule, while abil-
ity to read and write does not prove high intel-
ligence, the want of this ability proves gross
ignorance and utter incapacity to vote intelli-
gently. It is therefore no injustice to say to
any man, white or black, Before you share in
the direction of public affairs you must at least
furnish this evidence of your capacity. '1 his
rule is. therefore, with great justice, applied in
the State of Connecticut to white men, and in
the State of Massachusetts to all men irre-
spective of color. The reasons for its appli-
cation exist much more strongly in this Dis-
trict. where the class of black men who cannot
read is large, than in the State of Massachu-
setts where their votes could not perceptibly
affect the decision of any public question. Yet
the Senator from Massachusetts will allow me
to remind him that the "reading test," so
called, was inserted in the constitution of that
State by the party of which he was a very prom-
inent member, if not with his consent. What
is just in Massachusetts cannot be unjust in
this District. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HEMDRICKS. As a general proposi-
tion I am not in favor of basing the right to
vote upon the intelligence of the voter: and in
regulating the right of voting among white
people I should not vote for such a proposi-
tion : but as it is now proposed to introduce
into the citizenship of this District a laree class
of persons who are known to be very ill-qual-
ified to exercise the right of franchise, 1 feel
it to be my duty in regard to them to vote for
this qualification. I vrioh to make this expla-
nation before giving mv vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY." I tried, Mv. President,
to reconcile myself to vote for the amendment
offered by the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania with a view of benefiting the condition
of the people of this District. 1 believe that
upon the passage of this bill this active, never-
satisfied abolition element of the country will
put. itself to work to flood this District with as
many free negroes as possible, so as to get con-
trol of the District, elect its mayor, its com-
mon council, and have at least one free negro
government in the American Union ; and al-
though I am not in favor of female suffrage for
reasons which have been so well stated by others
who have spoken on thesubjeet, yet with a view
to delay as far as possible such a catastrophe
as that I tried to bring my mind to the con-
clusion to vote for it. But, sir, to vote for it
would have been to vote to confer the right of
suffrage upon negro women as well as upon white
women, and under no circumstances here, in
my own State, or wherever upon this continent
I may be located, will 1 vote for negro suffrage
under any circumstances. It is but the be-
ginning of forcing negro suffrage everywhere
throughout this country. This bill, in the •
language of the Senator from-Kansas, [Mr.
Pomerot, ] is tobe a model to be copied through-
