1524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
ask to have read, the extracts from one of his
poems which I now send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Where Jackson stood now doth another stand—
The favored ruler of our favored land.
With heart a* pure and patriotism as great,
A second Andrew steers the ship of state.
He stands unmoved upon her noble dock,
Nor heeds the mutineers who seek her wreck!
* Still let tho old flag float' is his decree,
* No star struck from the glorious galaxy.'
Assailed, abused, railed at in every form,
He'll bring the ship in safety through the storm.
For that vast crew, the people, will defend
Their noble pilot 'till the voyage shall end;
And the old ship, her starry flag unstruck,
Shall ride at peace, entire from keel to truck."
*******
"Our second Andrew, who all hearts had won,
Stood at the helm, and the old ship sailed on!
What were his acts? such as tho world approved,
Such, as to kindness, the whole nation moved,
Had not base envy striven to rule tho hour.
All now were one in Union, feeling, power I
To thwart his policy, destroy his rule.
Is the small work of many asupple tool
Of a determined clique, who rant and rave,
' Divideand ruin!'—not 'unite and save/"
****** it
u The end approaches—that sublime event,
The people rallying to their President "
"And when in years long hence the immortal scroll
Of men beloved time's herald shall unroll,
Entwined in laurel wreaths two names shall be
Together joined as champions of the free—
The name of Andrew Jackson men shall find
With that of Andrew Johnson closely twined;
And while the race of men on earth is seen,
The people's hearts shall keep their memory green.
44 June 1,1866. B. B. FRENCH."
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOGAN". That is first-rate.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman from Ohio
will yield to me a moment, I want to say that
I think he is doing injustice to the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings. I do not think
the Commissioner is the author of that pro-
duction ; for, meeting him soon after I had
seen it, I told him that some scoundrel had
appended his name to that stuff, and he
seemfed very much confused, and certainly he
did not claim the paternity of it. [Laughter.]
I left him, therefore, under the impression that
he had been vilely slandered by the person who
had put his name to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not wonder at the
confusion of a man who takes care of all
Administrations in succession and manages to
stay in office under them all. Such a man
must of course be somewhat confused occa-
sionally. and undetermined at certain critical
times as to whether he is or is not the author
of a given production. This is dated June 1,
1866, a time when there may have been some
indications of the people " rallying to their
President bat the people do not rally to the
President now as much as they used to. [Laugh-
ter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I was just going to send
to the Clerk's desk the poetry written by the
gentleman under Mr. Lincoln's Administra-
tion. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRINNELL. I move, pro formd, to
amend the amendment. I understand that
there is a much better specimen of the Com-
missioner's poetry yet to be read.
Mr. DA.VIS. I rise to a point of order;
that this discussion and reading are not at all
germane to the subject before the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. They are germane to my
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order._ It is too late to raise that point.
Mr. GRINNELL. I submit that we have
'i?*' , r(^ *^e best of the poetry. I ask
the Clerk to read what I now Bend to his desk.
[Cries of "read!" "read!"]
The Clerk read as follows:
Orgies in Hell, over Secession,
** Harkl^hark! to the Fiend-'ha 1 hal ha t hal ha
And all Hell, overjoyed, returned a 'huzia.'
Let us drink to the plot that on earth is laid bare '
And clink go the cups to the toast from the chair 1
" Uprises old Satan—'My friends and zny peers.
Ijpive you my thanks for your voices and cheer*-
ft ell may we rej oice in our victory, when
it will people our regions with myriads of men.'"
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise
I submit that at this
time is too valuable to
to a point of order.
period in the session
be wasted in this way.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that that is not a point of order.
Mr. RADFORD. I rise to a point of order j
that this is not germane to the question before
the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading, as
follows:
" 'My efforts, alasl were all fruitless and vain;
All my.will and my strength could not sever the
chain
That bound in one people that Union so grand,
Hailed all over the earth as a God-chosen land I
Till at last our dear children * down South,' as they
say,
In a State where we rule o'er the rulers—where
play
All the passions of hell—sought by pretext and lies
To undo the great work of the God-like and wise.
We breathed fire in the soul of a demon called
llhett;
We whispered one Yancey; one Pickens beset,
Till they coaxed on the crowd to disunion and
shame,
And an edict of wrath was the fruit of the flame.
How we gloried, my peers, to see the fire spread,
Till a hell on the earth was up, raging and red,
And a cordon of States from their sphere madly
hurled,
Gained the love of our heart—the contempt of the
world.
" 'Wo glory in ruin; war peoples our realm.
Let us force on the issue these fools to o'erwhelm,
For that North that we hate, and that West we
Are sure in their wrath and their fury to rise,
And they'll crush down disunion, secession they'll
kill.
We shall have Davis wanting some place here to
fill;
And Stephens and Pickens and Yancey and Rhett
Will make capital hell-hounds. Wo must not lorget
That half-nigger Toombs, with his terrible holler,
Which can beat our dog Cerberus out of his collar I
Indeed, all our friends, the secessionists, soon
Will knock at our door, and will crave, as a boon,
t All the offices here. 'Twill excite all our mirth;
' For they shan't rule in hell as thoy tried to on earth:
And when these grand knaves we torment in our
wrath,
With thousands of others whom they've led tho
false path,
Though hateful to us, the old Union again
Will be bound in a lasting—a fraternal chain;
For Heaven has decreed that the Union shall be,
Through all time, the abode of a people that's free;
And all we shall gain by our purposes fell
Is peopling with scoundrels the purlieus of hell!'
"As Satan sat down, many rounds of applause
Attested Hell's love of the disunion cause:
And a brave little devil jumped up in a chair,
And yelled out this toast with a triumphant air—
Here's a welcome to Davis and Stephens and Rhett,
And to thousands of others whose names weforget:
We shall have them; on earth they cannot be for-
given,
And the love of our lies is their forfeit of heaven.'
Them he waved a small flag—Seven dim stars in its
field.
And a sort of a thing 'twixt a tree and a shield;
I. was a cotton concern, and in waving it came.
Somehow, loosed from the staff, and was burned in
hell s flame!
Satan rose in his place at this ominous turn,
lhat ended in ashes the cotton, concern,
look a gulp of hot liquor, bade good night to each
friend,
And declared both themeeting and flag at an end 1
" April, 1861. , B. B. FRENCH."
Mr. PAINE. I move to strike out the
words "under a contract to be formed with
such institution by the Commissioner of Public
Buildings." I cannot see any good reason why
the Commissioner of Public Buildings, whether
he be a poet or not, should have the power,
under this provision, to make arrangements
with the medical institutions in this city for
the support of transient paupers, and the dis-
bursement of this $12,000. I prefer to intrust
this power to some other person.
Mr. STEVENS. Ever since this appropria-
tion has been made of $12,000 for this pur-
pose the same language has been used year
after year, and it would hardly do now to
change it. The money has always been well
appropriated and faithfully administered. In
truth, the Commissioner of Public Buildings
has very little to do with the matter.
Mr. SLOAN. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] if there have
been every year just sixty transient paupers
to be taken care of by this city?
Mr. STEVENS. There have been three or
four times that number provided for in these
institutions ; but the Government pays for the
support of but sixty of them.
! Mr. KASSON. I would say to the gentle-
J man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] that it
would perhaps be well to provide that this
money shall be expended by the Secretary of
the Interior instead of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not like, without
some good reason, to cast a stigma upon any
one. Ever since this appropriation was first
commenced this has been the language used in
regard to it. And although I have no very high
opinion of a great many men about here, I see
no reason for changing the form of this appro-
priation at this time.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] has informed the
House that this money has always been well
expended. Now, I have no positive informa-
tion or knowledge that the money in this case
or in any other case which has been placed at
the disposal of this gentleman has not been
well expended. But yet I venture to ask the
gentleman whether he has ever examined the
accounts in this case so as to know that the
money has been well expended, or what inform-
ation he has upon the subject.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee have
always examined the accounts of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, and they have never
reported against him. i have never examined
the accounts myself, for I am not a very good
arithmetician. [Laughter.]
Mr. PAINE. Does the gentleman mean
the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I think it was the
Committee on Accounts.
Mr. DAWES. I see present a meftiber of
the Committee on Accounts ; I would like to
inquire of him about that.
Sir. BROOMALL. Nothing of that sort
has been before the Committee on Accounts
that I am aware of.
Mr. STEVENS. I may have been mistaken ;
at all events the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury has passed upon those accounts.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the pend-
ing amendment has closed.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word for the pur-
pose of saying that I have had occasion to
examine one of the accounts presented from
the Commissioner of Public Buildings for im-
provements upon the streets and avenues of
this city.
ment of
improvements in front of its reservations and
public grounds. The Commissioner of Public
Buildings has construed the law to mean that
every avenue is a reservation for a public
square, and that hence the Government of the
United States must pave all the avenues, make
all the sewers, lay all the sidewalks, ornament
them with trees, in short that the Government
must take the whole care and expense of the
public avenues of the city, under the law which
provides that the Government shall pay the
expense of improvements in front of the pub-
lic squares and reservations. Now, if the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings should expend
this appropriation of. $12,000 for transient
purposes under a construction as liberal as
that, not only paupers but any other class
whom he may see fit to favor may be brought
by construction within the provisions of this
appropriation.
I now withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Paine ; and upon a division there were
ayes twenty-seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to amend by insert-
ing the following after the paragraph now under
consideration:
To clear out and make the Passaic river, in the
state of New Jersey, navigable to the city of Pator-
fon in said State, $20,000.
The law provides that the Govern
the Unitea States shall pay for th<
the
