1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
849
President shall not keep a man at Lisbon or
anywhere else to write these partisan tirades to
go back to the people of Portugal in order to
have them understand what the representative
of our Government thinks about our squabbles
at home.
■ Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to make
this suggestion to the gentleman; that as it js
understood that this was a private letter writ-
ten to ths Secretary of State, not intended to
be published, but was made public by the Sec-
retary of State and published by order of the
President, we may make a mistake in cutting
off the salary of this minister; that we ought
rather to stop the pay of the President or of
the Secretary of State or of the gentleman from
New York. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, sir, it will not be a
bad thing perhaps in some way to stop the
President's pay in due time. [Laughter.]
A Member. How about that of the gentle-
man from New York?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is not-the question
before us.
Mr. RAYMOND. I would suggest whether
my connection with the publication is not part
of the inducement by which Congress voted
me $2,000 extra pay last year. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot say whether it
was or not.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand it was given
to the gentleman from New York as an outfit
for the convention at Philadelphia. [Great
laughter. ]
Mr. RAYMOND. I accept the explanation,
and I am free to admit that the service I per-
formed was worth all the pay I received for it.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, 1 do not
wish this matter, so far as 1 am concerned, to
be mixed up with anything that is aside from
the question. I put it distinctly upon the
broad ground that the representative of our
country, whatever may be the difficulties at
home or the differences about our domestic
affairs, ought to represent it as a unit, and
that when he, either directly or through the
agency of those who send him, is used as
a medium to bring such tirades before the
world, it is time to say to those who placed
him there, "We will pay no such man, we
will make no provision for his support there,
and you had better reconsider the matter so
far as the mission to Portugal is concerned,
and send somebody else who will deport him-
self in a more becoming manner."
Mr. HILL. I rise to a question of order. I
wish to know if we are not acting under the
operation of the five-minutes rule?
The CHAIRMAN. The five-minutes rule
has not been adopted.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will yield now for a
moment to~the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Hise. ]
Mr. KASSON. I wish to say, in behalf of
the committee and by the wish of its chairman,
that it will very soon be necessary to rise and
close this debate unless the five-minutes rule
shall be adopted by unanimous consent.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will not prolong the dis-
cussion much. I will yield only to the gentle-
man from Kentucky.
Mr. HISE. I have bat a few words to say.
I understand the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to assume as the basis of his remarks that
there is no law existing that precludes the
right of Congress to withhold an appropriation
for the payment of a minister abroad whose
political opinions are opposed to those of this
House. Now, sir, I have a pretty distinct
recollection that during the first year of Mr.
Pierce's administration there was a law passed
by Congress by whieh the pay of all the min-
isters to Europe, and also, I think, to Central
and South America, was established. The
Constitution gives the President the right to
appoint ministers to foreign Governments, and
this law fixed the salary or compensation to be
paid to the ministers at those foreign Courts.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let me say to the gentle-
man that the only way in which the law of
39th Cons.~2d Sess.—No. 54.
Congress makes a recognition of and estab-
lishes those missions is by making an appro-
priation.
Mr. HISE. No, sir. That law legalized all
these missions and fixed a salary for the min-
ister at the Court of Great Britain, of France,
and of Spain, and of all the other ministers.
It was not a mere temporary act of appropria-
tion, but a permanent law, fixing the salaries
which these gentlemen were to receive. Now,
would it be acting in good faith—would it not
be perfidious on the part of Congress—after
legalizing these offices and fixing the com-
pensation which is attached to them, to re-
fuse to make the appropriation for one Of the
incumbents? Would it be lawful? Would it
be honest? This man is in office under the
law, and is, for aught I know, in the faithful
discharge of the duties of his position. Shall
we, on account of a political difference in
opiaion with him, turn round and refuse to
make the appropriation necessary to pay his
salary as provided by law? Shall it be said
that we have a minister rendering services
at this Court of Portugal, appointed underthe
law at a fixed compensation, who receives no
pay because he happens to differ from the ma-
jority here in his political opinions ? Are gen-
tlemen here prepared to establish the principle,
or to advocate it, that now and forever here-
after they will by this means control the exec-
utive patronage of the Government; that they
will resort to this practice of striking out- the
appropriation for an officer, either civil or diplo-
matic, because he belongs to a different party
from their own ? What is this letter which has
been i;ead ? It is but an expression of political
opinion in a letter addressed to the Secretary
of State.
Mr. NIBLACK. I must now resume the
floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
move that the committee rise for the purpose
of closing debate. We have been " running
emptins'' for the last hour.
Mr. HISE. A word more. Mr. Van Bu-
ren's letter was addressed to a foreign minis-
ter; and it was, perhaps, upon that ground
that the Senate refused to confirm him, and
that he was recalled.
Now, I want the country to know, because
there is an important principle involved,
whether or not the party in power have
reached that degree of partisan fierceness that
they are prepared, in order to control the ex-
ecutive patronage, to withhold appropriations,
and refuse to provide for the payment of offi-
cers of the Government whose salaries are
fixed by law in order to get rid of them ?
Mr. NIBLACK. I shall detain the com-
mittee but a few moments and then I will yield
the floor to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations [Mr. Stevens] and let him
move sueh disposition of this subject as he may
see fit.
I am now in possession of the information
which I sought to obtain by the amendemcnt
which I moved. I had seen going the rounds
of the public press statements of a similar im-
port to those which have been made here in
regard to this matter ; but I did not consider
the information thus obtained of such a char-
acter as would justify me in speaking of the
reasons which controlled Congress at the last
session In relation to this matter. It seems,
however, that for certain differences of political
opinion expressed in a private letter which
became public by some accident, or perhaps
by some design, certainly by some means for
which the one who wrote the letter is not to
blame, his salary is sought to be withheld.
It is charged by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] that that letter was an
attack upon the majority in Congress. I think
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Raymond]
has pretty well disposed of that. But if that
letter contained an attaok upon Congress, as it
is called, if it was a criticism upon Congress—
because it is nothing more than the ordinary
newspaper criticism upon the acts of public
men and of parties in the country—if that crit-
icism was intended to apply to the majority ia
Congress, I hold that it constitutes nd sufficient
reason for withholding his salary as the accred-
ited minister to the Government of the country
in which he is now resident.
The President of the United States is every
day charged here with corruptly removing men
from office for speaking disrespectfully of him.
When a man is removed from office, as we are
informed, simply for differing with the Presi-
dent and speaking disrespectfully of him, it is
said that it is a corrupt use of the power vested
in him by the Constitution in relation to re-
movals and appointments. But it seems a dif-
ferent rule is to be applied by Congress. Speak-
ing disrespectfully of Congress is to be regarded
as sufficient to authorize the withholding qf the
salary of a public officer.
Now, if I am correctly informed, there is a
gentleman connected with one branch of the
Congress of the United States holding an elect-
ive office in that body who is the editor of two
papers, "both daily" papers. I believe he
makes it his daily occupation to assail the
executive department of this Government in
every possible manner. Yet I never heard
anybody urge that that was a sufficient reason"
for the Senate of the United States ejecting
him from the office he holds, or for withholding
his salary. He is but exercising the right guar-
antied by the institutions of the country to its
citizens—the right of free speech and of a free
press.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] intimates that Mr. Harvey never was
a proper person to have been appointed to this
office, and that the failure of the President to
remove him was an omission of a duty. Now,
if he never was a proper person to hold this
office, then I submit that this way of cutting
off his salary and starving him out ought to
have been adopted by Congress immediately
after his appointment. But his salary was paid
regularly up to the last session of Congress ;
and now for reasons purely political, out of
which some personal irritation has resulted, it
is sought to starve him out of office.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
in referring to this matter, speaks of the "bread-
and-butter brigade." Now, I am not here to
defend the rather small body of men to which
he refers. Nor am I here to defend the execu-
tive department of this Government, for, prop-
erly speaking, it is not properly within the line
of this debate. I am not here to defend our
minister to Portugal, for I have no personal
acquaintance with him. I have only to say .
that when members of Congress talk about the
"bread-and-butter brigade," about the spoils
of office controlling the political opinions of
men, about the "loaves and fishes," figura-
tively speaking, I am sometimes under the im-
pression that such remarks, considering what
has occurred in this House, come from us with
rather a bad grace. One of the prominent and
leading ideas that seems to have pervaded tho
action of this Congress is to see to it that tho
offices arc not taken away from the friends of
the majority here. Tho bill regulating the
tenure of office, the movement for the impeach-
ment of the President, and many of the lead-
ing measures of this Congress, as I understand
them, have been for the purpose of securing
to the friends of the majority in Congress the
possession of the Federal offices, or the "bread
and butter" of the Government, to use the
expression of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.] That seems to me to be the prin-
cipal object in view of certain gentlemen, judg-
ing from the ideas some of them have expressed.
All remarks, therefore, which apply to this
"bread-and-butter brigade" the peculiar
friends of the Administration might, 1 think,
well apply with redoubled force to the major-
ity here in Congress. I think that a disinter-
ested person, with the newspapers of the coun-
try as his only means of information, would
come to the conclusion that how to save the
possession of the offices was the great question
with Congress at this time, the settlement of
which has held us in the disorganized, con-
