1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
152$
The Passaic river is navigable for about
half the distance between New York aad Pat-
erson. The city of Paterson is the largest city
in my district, containing a population of about
forty thousand; and is the largest manufactur-
ing town but one in the State of New Jersey ;
and it is very important that navigation should
be opened between the city of New York and
the city of Paterson. Paterson Falls, where
Sam Patch jumped off, are there. [Laughter.]
I believe Sauj Patch afterward jumped off some
other falls and was killed.
I hope the gentleman will not neglect the
State of New Jersey, as I believe this Con-
gress has never made an appropriation for
any river in that State. Twenty thousand dol-
lars will be sufficient to clear out that river
and make it navigable to the city of Paterson;
and this will be of incalculable advantage to
the community.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following :
Tor repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, and sprink-
ling the same, and keeping it clean and free from
dirt, $10,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should like to be informed
by some member of the Committee on Appro-
priations, what was the amount appropriated
last year for keeping Pennsylvania avenue
"clean and free from dirt?"
Mr. STEVENS. I believe that this item
was ttp same in the bill of last year.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, sir, if anybody
wants a commentary upon the words '' clean
and free from dirt," let him go along Penn-
sylvania avenue, or any other avenue under
the care of Congress, the streets being taken
care of, nominally at least, by the city corpo-
ration. I think, sir, that our very talented
poet-laureate must be too busy to attend to
the expenditure of so much money. I there-
fore move to amend this item by striking out
"ten" and inserting "two." so as to reduce
the appropriation to $2,000. I offer this for
the purpose of eliciting from the Committee
on Appropriations some sort of assurance, if
they can give us any, that under the adminis-
tration of the present Commissioner of Public
Buildings the purposes for which we appro-
priate this money will be carried out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For renewing the heating apparatus at the Presi-
dent's House, §8,000.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend by
striking out in the item just read the word
" eigbt" and inserting " five," so as to reduce
the appropriation to $5,000. I make the
motion because I know that this amount is
sufficient.
Mr. LE BLOND. I should like to learn
from the gentleman who has made this motion
or from the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations what has been the appropria-
tion for this purpose in former years. The
gentleman from Iowa says that $5,000 is suffi-
cient. I should like to know upon what data
he speaks.
Mr. GRINNELL. I have some acquaint-
ance with gentlemen in that business; and I
give my opinion founded upon the opinion of
others who ought to know and who say that
$5,000 would be ample for this work. I would
cheerfully vote for $8,000 if I thought it neces-
sary.
Mr. STEVENS. The amount named in
the bill is what was contained in the estimates.
The committee have no reason to suppose that
the expense was overestimated. I hope that
the amendment will not be agreed to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For laying a new pipe from the K street main to
the Capitol, in order to supply the building at all
times with a fall flow of water, $5,000.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amend by
inserting after the paragraph just read the
following:
To enable the Commissioner of PttbHo BoiWings to
put in thorough repair the oonservatety recently
Injured by fire at the President ■ Mansion, $10,000,
This matter has been examined by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds; esti-
mates have been obtained; and we are satis-
fied that this amount, or very nearly this much,
will be required to put the conservatory in
repair. It is absolutely necessary that the
work should be done. I hope there will be no
objection to the amendment.
Mr. RADFORD. Will the gentleman from
Maine state the precise amount of the estimate ?
I think it was two or three thousand dollars
less than the sum named in the amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. The destruction by
fire, including the loss of plants, was very much
more than ten thousand dollars. I am satis-
fied from my own examination and from the
examination of others much more competent
to judge that $10,000 will be necessary to put
this conservatory in decent repair.
Mr. RADFORD. I want to know what was
the precise amount of the estimate.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Ten thousand dollars.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I am in favor of making
this appropriation on the condition that those
who are to have charge of the proposed im-
provement shall select some other place than
the present location, or build some other kind
of a building than the one which was damaged
by fire. I think, sir, that the improvement
which has been made by removing the old
stable from the east side of the Presidential
Mansion should be an admonition to those
having charge of the matter to select for the
new conservatory another location than that
which has been occupied for that purpose
heretofore.
If we put up any building at all it ought not
only to he substantial but ornamental, and a
credit rather than a discredit to this Govern-
ment.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to strike out the
last word.
Mr. Chairman, I think the estimate is an
extravagant one. As a member of the joint
Committee on the Library I have seen plans
for a conservatory far more elegant than this
one which were accompanied by estimates. It
was in reference to a matter connected with
the Government Botanical Garden. The esti-
mates were much under those indicated here.
If we are to do this work at all I think
$5,000 is enough; and as we will have to erect
a new Presidential Mansion, and as the con-
servatory is an eye-sore where it is now, I
think it would be well to leave this to the next
Congress.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman. Of course it would
cost much more to build a conservatory that
would do credit to the country. As has been
stated by gentlemen who have been upon the
floor, before many years we must have a new
Presidential Mansion. This is, however, re-
quired for the present.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK demanded tellers on Mr.
Rice's amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Rice, of
Maine, and Mr. Kelt.ey were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of laborer to take care of the
heating apparatus of the Library of Congress, $1,000.
For compensation to three watchmen on the Dome
of the Capitol, $2,700.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out those
paragraphs.
Mr. Chairman, I desire not to be misunder-
stood in regard to this. I have always been in
favor of and voted for liberal appropriations
for this Capitol, for its public buildings, and
for all that tends to make it a credit to the
nation and an ornament of our country, but it
is time the issue were made whether we will
go on expending und$r an inefficient Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings and Grounds large
amounts of tlfe public money that may be used
we know not how.
So far as these two items are concerned, we
propose first to authorize him to employ a
laborer at $1,000 a year. I do not know
whether this is a new office to be created or
not. It would seem we never had such a per-
son employed before as a laborer from the
manner it is introduced here. Then there are
to be three watchmen for the Dome at a salary
of $900 per year. These are large sums to be
paid for such light services, and they are ser-
vices not heretofore thought to be required.
We propose to create these new employments
for persons to perform light duty at high prices,
and to give the appointment to a man who will
confer them upon such persons who, like him-
self, are subservient to anybody who may for
the time happen to be in power.
Mr. UPSON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether he intends to be
understood that a like character of poets are
also to be appointed to these new positions?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have the utmostrespect
for the poetry of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings and Grounds, and I do not think
anything can be more melodious except it were
he should sing it himself. But I wish to keep
the two things distinct. His time is so mucn
taken up in writing these odes on every occa-
sion, he does not seem to be able to attend to
his duties here.
As to the objection of my bringing this
matter up here, I will only answer we have
no other way of reaching him except in an
appropriation bill. I think we ought to reach
him just in this direction. So far as trusting
him to make the appointments of these new
appointees at such nigh prices for performing
such light services—and they are new appoint-
ments so far as I know, and have not here-
tofore been deemed necessary—I for one am
unwilling to consent to it.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Is his writing
poetry a new thing?
Mr. SCHENCK. This incumbent has been
singing—if not from his earliest youth—cer-
tainly ever since I have known him.
Mr. KASSON. The committee have ascer-
tained this employment is necessary only during
the months in which the heating goes onj and
therefore the amount might be reduced to $600.
I make that amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I have accomplished
something, for I have succeeded in cutting this
appropriation down from $1,000 to $600 ; still
the gentleman does not answer my question.
Mr. KASSON. I did not understand 
Mr. SCHENCK. Why should we provide
for a new laborer to be added to the number
already provided for ?
Mr. KASSON. I did not understand the
gentleman to ask that question. My answer
is that this man has been employed several
years on the furnaces of the Capitol; a change
has been made in the heating apparatus, which
results in the need of employing only a portion
of the time. That fact is a new one, and it is
for that reason that I moved to reduce the
amount, as the same employ^ is not necessary
during the period when the heating is not
going on.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment to -the amendment, but I still insist upon
the amendment to strike out the item.
The amendment of Mr. Kasson to reduce
the sum to $600 was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Schenck to strike out the clause as amended.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to say that since
the completion of the Dome in its present shape
it becomes necessary to employ these watch-
men. I suppose there is no doubt about that.
Watchmen are now employed as a matter of
necessity, and we are now authorizing it. If
it is not the pleasure of Congress to have the
Dome kept open and lighted, of course this item
will be stricken out.
Mr. SCHENCK. Lest my motion to strike
out might not prevail, I will move to amend
the paragraph by inserting after the word
"laborer11 the words "to he employed by
the P*e«ident of the Senate and Speaker of
