1526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
the House of Representatives;" so that who-
ever is employed and at whatever compen-
sation, our presiding officers shall have control
of him. And I will make the same proposi- I
tion in regard to the next paragraph, to insert ;
the same words after the word "watchmen." j
The question being taken on the amend- j
ment, to insert after the word "laborer" the '
words stated above, it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to
strike out the paragraph, as amended, and no
quorum voted.
The Chair ordered tellers;_ and Messrs.
Schexck and Ross were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 45, noes 51.
So the paragraph was not stricken out.
Mr. STEVEN'S. If gentlemen do not like
the Commissioner of Public Buildings let
them by resolution say he shall have noth-
ing to do with the public buildings; but at
every little appropriation of this kind, of $500
or $000, for gentlemen to express their dislike
to the man seems to me below the dignity
of this body. What has the Speaker of the
House to do with taking care of $600 em-
ployes? I do not like this reducing a man's
pay to $600 a year who takes care of the
dome of the Capitol, unless gentlemen intend
it to be another Andersonville in which to
etai*va flnlnipts
Mr. SCHENCK. I trust there is no partic-
ular want of dignity in proposing that the pre-
siding officers of the two Houses shall attend
to the appointment of these persons who are
to take charge of that which immediately con-
cerns our comfort in the care of the building
we occupy. It has not been thought beneath
his dignity to assign seats to the various per-
sons who are permitted to report our proceed-
ings here as the reporters of the different news-
papers. Ithas been devolved upon the Speaker
to determine who shall occupy the restaurant
below to sell glasses of beer and crackers to
those who may be thirsty or hungry. It has
not been considered beneath the dignity of the
Presiding Officer even of the Senate to under-
take the task of determining who shall occupy
hucksters' stands in the building. If, there-
fore, the filling of these appointments, that are
supposed to be worth $1,000 a year, is below
their dignity, perhaps it may be proper to take
away the appointment of all these other offi-
cers who do not rise to quite the dignity re-
quired.
My idea is, while we thus exercise a proper
economy and secure the right persons, we will
be enabled to employ these very faithful sol-
diers to vfhom the gentleman so feelingly re-
fers, which we will he more certain to do if
we give the appointment to oar presiding of-
ficers rather than to this gentleman whose
laudation in prose or verse of those who may
happen to be in power seems to be his princi-
pal employment.
The question being put on the amendment of
Mr. Schenck, to insert after the word "watch-
men " the words "to be employed by the Pres-
ident of the Senate and Speaker of the House
of Representatives," there were—ayes 31, noes
40; no quorum voting.
The Chair ordered tellers; and Messrs.
Schenck and Orth were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on striking out the
paragraph as amended.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw that.
The Clerk read as follows:
For additional compensation of 4100 a year to each
of the three watchmen as above, 8300.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out that
paragraph. It seems to be adding $100 more
to each of the other salaries, increasing them
from $900 to $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For enabling the Commissioner to employ a suit-
able electrician to take care of anil operate the light-
ing apparatus of the dome of the Capitol, $1,209.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the same amend-
ment as before, to insert the words "to be
employed by the President of the Senate and
Speaker of the House of Representatives."
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I hope the gentleman
will not insist upon that.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; I withdraw it.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I move to amend by
inserting at the end of the last paragraph the
following:
And that no further salary shall be paid to the
Commissioner of Public Buildings until the iron rail-
ings of the old House of Representatives are altered
as ordered by this House at its first session.
I simply desire to call the attention of the
House to the fact that early in the last session
we ordered that those railings should be cut
down and made lower. I have waited pa-
tiently and looked anxiously to see that change
made. I have frequently noticed in passing
through the old Hall gentlemen stooping down
or standing on tip-toe to look at the statuary
which is filling up those apartments, and I
have had to do the same myself. It is a great
inconvenience. The House ordered the change,
and the friends of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings represented from time to time that
it would be made very shortly; and yet it is
not done.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the commit-
tee rise, for the purpose of closing debate.
We will never get through at this rate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker pro tempore [Mr. Dawes] having
resumed the chair, Mr. Thayer reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the
Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 1173, making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1868,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
message f11051 the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution of the
House No. 222, prohibiting payments by any
officer of the Government to any person not
known to have been opposed to the rebellion
and in favor of its suppression, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 614) author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to transfer the
United States iron-clad Onondago to George
Quintard, of New York.
Also, a joint resolution (S. R. No. 181) con-
cerning the right of way for the survey and
construction of an inter-oceanic ship-canal
through the Isthmus of Darien, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that when the
House resolves itself again into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union all
debate on the pending section be terminated
in five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire of the
Chair how much is embraced in the pending
section
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
it ends on page 22.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Uaion on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Thayer in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being bill of the
-House No. 1173, making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1868, and for other
purposes, the pending question being on the
amendment offered by Mr. Farquhar.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I desire to oppose
that amendment. If there is any fault in this
matter it is not the fault of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, and he should not be held
in the least responsible for it. The gentleman
from Indiana (Mr. Farquhar) is in error in
regard to the facts. There was an amendment
in regard to removing this railing or fence
offered at the last session by the gentleman
from Ohio, (Mr. Schenck.) I stated that the
present architect of the Capitol extension was
desirous of removing that fence, that he would
do so, and that no further appropriation was
necessary therefor. That was my error; there
was no appropriation to take down the fence.
Now, I hope the gentleman will withdraw his
amendment and allow me to move one to ap-
propriate $1,000 to remove this fence and put
up a proper one in its stead.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Having offered my
amendment under a misapprehension, I will
withdraw it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by in-
serting the following:
For removing theunsightly iron fence or inclosure
which has been put up in the old Hall of Represent-
atives in the Capitol, $100.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I hope the gentle-
man will make it $1,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. For taking down that
fence?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. And putting up a
proper one.
Mr. SCHENCK. No ; I prefer my amend-
ment as it is.
The amendment of Mr. Schenck was then
agreed to. •
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to strike out the
clause just read by the Clerk, as follows:
For flagging the areas around the Executive Man-
sion where mouldy brick pavements are now, $10,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
clause proposed to be stricken out by striking
out the word " mouldy." 1 do not think that
word is necessary there.
Mr. Maynard's amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Grinnell, to strike out the entire clause.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee rose informally, and the
Speaker resumed the Chair.
message from the president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Colonel William G. Moore, his
Secretary.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The House resumed in Committee of the
Whole (Mr. Thayer in the chair) the consid-
eration of the miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
For top-dressing for public grounds and cartage of
same, $1,500.
For purchase of tools for public grounds, $500.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I findinpreviousportions
of the bill the following appropriations:
For hauling manure for top-dressing the publio
grounds, $500.
For purchase and repair of tools used in the publio
grounds, $400.
Now, the portion just read by the Clerk
seems to be a reduplication of these items.
Mr. STEVENS. They were intended to be
reduplicated; they relate to a different portion
of the public grounds.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It does not say so in the
bill. I move to strike out the portion read by
the Clerk.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes twenty-seven; noes not
counted.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill-
When he had read the following:
For further improvement of the Circle on Pennsyl-
vania avenuo, $600.
