86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
Currency be instructed to inquire and report to this
House what amount of United States notes have been
so retired and destroyed since-tho passage of said act,
what amount is now being destroyed daily, whether
the notes so destroyed are counted by different men
in different offices, and what safeguards are in use for
tho certain destruction of all the united States notes
which by law are now authorized to be retired; also,
whether there js an accumulation of said notes on
hand, whether a complete record is kept of all denom-
inations, showing tho amount of each denomination
burned each day or week, and if so, whether such
record is kept in more than one office, and whether
in their opinion any further checks or guards are
necessary to insure the certain destruction of all
United States notes which by law are now authorized
to be withdrawn from circulation.
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House a
more speedy withdrawal of currency from circulation
than was authorized by the act of last session, to wit,
$4000,000each month, would npt add to the general
welfare and financial prosperity of tho country.
Mr, WENTWORTH. I object.
land titles in california.
Mr. McRUER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to quiet title to land in the town of
Santa Clara, in the State of California; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
berry and higgins.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask that by unani-
mous consent the Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar be discharged from the
further consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 128) for the relief of Berry & Hig-
gins, and that the joint resolution be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds. I desire then to move that the
latter committee be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the subject.
The SPEAKER. The effect of that will be
that the bill will lie on the table, and no further
legislation will be had.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. That is what I desire.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar will be discharged from tho further
consideration of the joint resolution, and it will
be recommitted to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
There was no objection.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I now move that the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
be discharged from the further consideration
of the joint resolution, and that it lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
the constitutional amendment.
Mr. MILLER. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Whereas several of the States lately in rebellion
havo through their Legislatures refused to ratify the
amendments to the Constitution of the United States,
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress at their first
session: Therefore,
1. Resolved, That said amendments are deemed
necessary for the preservation of the Union, and
rcauircdiin order to guaranty to every State aropub-
lican form of government.
2. That no State lately in rcbollion against the Gov-
ernment of tho United States ought to havo a repre-
sentation on this floor as long as such State declines
the ratification of said amendments. .
. 3. That said amendments are offering to the late
rebellious States terms precedent to the admission
of rcproscntion more conciliatory than they had a
right to expect, and if they continue to refuse to
ratify tho same conditions more stringent ought to
be required. .
4. That the doctrine of umvorsal amnesty to those
who endeavored in the late bloody conflict to dis-
member this Republic ought to be discarded by every
loyal patriot.
Mi. LE BLOND. I object.
ventilation of tiie hall.
Mr. BROMWELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho officers and assistants having
In charge tlio Hall of Representatives and tho ap-
proaches thereto bo directed to opon all the doors
loading into tho Hall and galleries, and all the out-
Bide doors in tho Representatives'wing of the Capitol,
and keep the same opon for tho space of two hours
after every ndjoumtnciit of tho iiourc, and during
two hours on tho morning of oach mooting oi the
House, at such hours as will allow sufficient time to
heat tho Hall properly for the use o$#he House.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I object.
navigation of river thames.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be,
and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the
expediency of an appropriation by the U nited States
of such a sum of money as under the estimate of the
appropriate department shall be deemed sufficient
for enlarging and maintaining the channel of the
river Thames, at and below the City of Norwich.
eaton and gage.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That Messrs. Eaton & Gage have leave to
withdraw their memorial and papers referred to the
Committeo on Naval Affairs.
leave of absence.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, asked leave
of absence for Mr. Humphrey from last Mon-
day, to continue indefinitely.
Leave was granted.
excused from committee service.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Baker] desires to be excused from
further service upon the select committee on
the civil service of the United States. If there
be no objection he will be excused.
There was no objection.
Mr. COOPER presented the credentials of
Benjamin H. Epperson, claiming to represent
the second congressional district of Texas;
which were, under the rule, referred to the
select joint committee on reconstruction.
punishment of treason.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be House bill No. 634, to repeal cer-
tain parts of the act approved April 30, 1790,
entitled "An act for the punishment of certain
crimes against the United States," reported
back from the Committee on the Judiciary by
Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, pending yesterday at
the expiration of the morning hour, on which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, having been
somewhat admonished by my conservative
friends I have gone far enough I will say
nothing further. I understand the gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] desires to
say something supplemental' to what I have
said, and as he will say it better than I can I
will yield the floor to him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,] representing the minor-
ity of the committee, is claiming the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield the remaining por-
tion of my time to the gentleman from Rhode
Island.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is enti-
tled to fifty-two minutes, having spoken eight
minutes yesterday.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish about five minutes.
I will yield then to the gentleman from New
Jersey.
, Mr. Speaker, the statutes of 1790, a por-
tion of which is sought to be repealed by the
bill now before the House, created four cap-
ital offenses: first, treason, fixing the punish-
ment, of treason as the Constitution empow-
ered Congress to do; second, murder; third,
piracy; and fourth, forgery. This bill seeks to
repeal a limitation to the prosecution of cer-
tain of these offenses. In the statute itself I
find no limitation in the cases of willful mur-
der and forgery. Forgery has since ceased to
be a capital offense in the courts of the United
States. The exception of willful murder still
remains. The effcct of this bill, therefore, will
be to extend the time for finding indictments
in eases of treason and piracy alone.
I submit that upon every question of justice
and public policy this bill ought not to pass.
Courts of justice havo, in these later times,
paid greater respect to statutes of limitation
than they have at any former period in the his-
tory of the law in England and in this coun-
try. They have declared emphatically in cases
civil and criminal that they are conducive to
the peace and welfare of society and ought not
to be disturbed. They have been construed
strictly both in civil and criminal actions.
This proposed repeal, if it has-any intention,
is made only in reference to cases of treason.
Piracy is always committed upon the high seas
and out of the jurisdiction of any State under
a flag not recognized by any civilized nation. Its
proper definition confines it to those who com-
mit offenses sailing under the black flag alone.
They are not only criminals againstthe United
States or the laws of the United States, but are
enemies of human kind, and wherever arrested
and found may be punished, not only by the
laws of the United States, but by the laws of
every civilized nation. 1 consider, therefore,
this repeal does not affect any case of that kind.
It is made, then, solely against the time for
finding of indictments for treason.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if there is any offense
for punishment or prosecution to which a stat-
ute of limitation should be passed it is of that
class denominated political offenses, of which
treason is the highest. Every person who has
committed that offense against the United
States during the late rebellion has been for
twenty months within the actual power of this
Government; part of the time within the mil-
itary power; now within both the military and
civil power. This repeal refers to the time for
finding the indictment. If an indictment can-
not be found within twenty months, what assur-
ance can the gentleman give that it can be
found within twenty years ?
If it cannot be found within three years, what
reason is there for having it found after three
years ? If the state of things briefly referred
to as being the moving cause of this bill, then
the defect is in the machinery by which the
law is to be carried into execution. Remedy
that, and do not repeal your old statutes. These
offenses committed against the majesty of the
State are those of all others which are soonest
healed by the action of time. There has never
been any sedition, any treason, any rebellion in
which parties of the same country and nation,
arrayed in arms against each other, when at
another period they have not been found act-
ing together. It is contrary to the history of
nations to suppose that they can be perma-
nently or even long divided on political ques-
tions, even though those questions have driven
them to arms.
Mr. Speaker, we have examples in history
of the error of this kind of legislation. We
might go back to the republic of Rome, and
find a consul arraigned after forty years for
the murder of a leader of sedition. We can
go back to English history, and cite cases in
addition to those cited by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven's] yesterday, where
persons, long" after tho commission of the
offense, have been tried, convicted, and exe-
cuted. We may look even to the case in Eng-
land which in our statute falls in the exception,
where a Governor of an island was indicted in
London, tried, convicted, condemned, and
executed twenty years after the commission
of the offense. If wo repeal all statutes of
limitations and refuse to pass statutes of indem-
nity, the judge advocate^ who prosecuted the
assassins of President Lincoln, the court that
tried them, the President who signed their
'death-warrant, might be arraigned^ before an
adverse court and jury in this District without
limit as to time except the duration of their
natural lives, and condemned and executed.
Such a state of things is foreign to the spirit
of the law, of the age, and of Christianity, and
it ought not to be suffered to be reinstated in
the laws of this nation. It had but a brief
existence, if it had any, from the time of the
adoption of the Constitution until the passage
of the statute of April, 1790, and never ought
to be imported into our laws from the English
or any other law.
