1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
Nay, Mr. Speaker, we might go further.
The last Congress passed acts in the nature of
statutes of limitation to prevent the prosecu-
tion of loyal men in arms obeying the orders
of their superiors. And this Congress has be-
fore it bills of a similar character following the
examples of these precedents. A Congress of
a different mind might repeal-all these statutes
and subject the innocent servants of the Republic
to suits for damages or prosecution for crime
at any time, as this bill expresses it, or within
any new limit which another Congress might
fix to it. £
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that this bill wi™ not
pass, that we shall look at this statute of 1790
as learned courts and wise judges have looked
at this and other statutes of limitation, as a
statute of repose, a statute of i>eace, and leave
the punishment of crimes, the time and manner
of their prosecution, tothe law as it stood when
the offense was committed.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, it is some-
what refreshing to me at least, and no doubt
to the other members upon this side of the
House, to find that there are gentlemen here
who, while they disagree with us politically,
have a disposition to have this question which
has agitated the country so seriously for five
or six years quieted and settled. I think there
are serious objections to the passage of a law
of this kind, not only upon grounds of policy
but of legal import. If the passage of such
a law be not strictly and technically within
the meaning of the Constitution an ex post
facto law, it is certainly a retroactive law.
It will be a law against the genius of this
Republic, against the spirit of our institutions.
It is one that in former times has never been
countenanced. Our fathers framed this law
directly after the Revolution, when they had
been guilty within the technical meaning of the
English law of the very same identical offense of
which the people this bill is intended to reach
were guilty. Although the cause in which our
fathers were engaged is considered by the
people of this country as one of more import
in character and entitled to more respect and
consideration—which it undoubtedlywas, as it
was the noblest act of mankind—yet if the
rebellion in which they were engaged had
failed they would undoubtedly have been liable
to the same rules of conviction according to
the laws of England that are now attempted
to be inscribed upon the statute-book of this
country.
As was well said by the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] an
offense of this character does not partake of
the nature of a crime. It does not partake of
the character of assassination, murder, rob-
bery, or theft. It has not that moral turpitude
annexed to it that attaches to crimes not of a
political character, and which are denomi-
nated by the law malum, in se; and we know
that in all ages of this earth, from the remotest
times since Governments have been first known,
and especially since the first formation of re-
publics, and they have been known for several
hundred years, there have been rebellions,
tumults, and commotions of the same kind
and character as the one which we are now
providing to punish. The wisdom of ages has
taught those who have gone before us that a
spirit of charity and leniency is better for the
advancement of a republic and even of a
monarchy, by dealing with men who have only
been guilty of political crimes in a charitable
manner.
Sir, 1 feel that the time has come when the
people of this country should turn their hearts
from the blood and strife of war to the blessing
of peace in this land ; peace not by recurring
to vengeancc and passion, but to the instru-
mentalities by which this Government was first
established; instrumentalities which were de-
vised in the spirit of a conscientious belief in
the wisdom, fraternal regard, and affection
which actuated our fathers in the formation of
the law. There ought not to be visited upon
the people of the South any vengeance. They
have exhibited a most magnanimous spirit, i
am astonished at their magnanimity and meek-
ness. I think the time has come when we
should legislate as well for the benefit of the
South as of the North. From the reason and
justice of the case and the general definition
of ex post facto, it strikes me that this is an ex
post facto law, because the legal meaning of
such a law is that you can pass no law after the
crime has been committed that places the de-
fendant in more jeopardy than he was in at the
time of or directly after the commission of the
act. Every one must see that those persons
who it is claimed have committed treason will
be placed in more jeopardy by the removal of
the limitation, because as time goes on the
jeopardy increases.
Our fathers knew perfectly well the nature
of the offense of treason. They had gone
through a mighty rebellion. They had pro-
tested against the tyranny and despotism of
King George, and they knew the necessity of
quieting offenses of a political character as
soon as possible consistent with the interests
of the nation. Eighteen months having elapsed
since peace was proclaimed why should we
undertake to legislate against the people of the
South in such manner as to induce common
informers to seek their blood through the
period of a generations life, and to worry and
harass a brave and courageous people who
are now subdued and pleading for justice and
mercy at our feet? Why should we under-
take to break up and destroy the commercial
relations which ought to exist between the
people of the South and the people of the
North, and to intimidate the people of the
South, and declare them subject to the penal-
ties of treason, although they have received
the benefit of the amnesty and pardoning power
of the President, and to place them in danger
of being under the control of a despotic Con-
gress at any time hereafter, who as now may
by the impulse of crazy fanaticism be found
clamoring for their blood ?
We are told by the gentleman who reported
this bill that one of the objects of offering it
is to frustrate and destroy the pardoning power
which the President in his magnanimity, gen-
erosity, goodness of soul, and Christian con-
duct has seen fit to dispense to the down-
trodden and fallen people of the South. I
want no such impediment in his way. When
he came into power he found ten million peo-
ple guilty before the law. He did as every
other human man would have done—as I be-
lieve the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] would have done, judging from his
remarks of yesterday—he extended his pardon-
ing power over the great mass of the people
who had been engaged in the rebellion, and by
law that pardon and that amnesty relieve them
from all the part they took in the rebellion, and
the consequences of their crime, as has been
well said by the gentleman who preceded me,
[ Mr. Jenckes. ] Statutes of limitation have been
particularly favored in this country, and there
is no reason now why this old landmark of the
Government, this old principle which was estab-
lished by our fathers just after the close of the
Revolution, shouldbe overridden and subverted
by this Congress. I tell you, gentlemen, that
the time has come when you should look to the
interests of the whole country; when all of us
should desire to see all the seats in this Hall
filled by Representatives from every State in this
Union. The object of the war, as 1 understood
it. was to restore the Union and I want the
principles of justice and liberty laid down in
the fundamental lines of the Constitution to be
adhered to by this House.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman from New Jersey [ Mr. Rogers] per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. ROGERS. Certainlv.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would ask
the gentleman if he desires the seats in this
House to be filled by the traitors whom this
bill would reach and punish?
Mr. ROGERS. I desire that there shall no
longer be known in this country any traitors
for what was done in the war. 1 want to see
the privileges and benefits of our Government
extended to the people of the South as well as
to the people of the North, and had I been
President of the United States I would have
issued a general proclamation of amnesty
before this Congress met, which should have
relieved every person in the South from the
treason consequent on the rebellion.
As you all know, I never had any delicacy
in stating the positions I assume and occupy.
I feel to-day for the downtrodden people
of the South who are now subject to despot-
ism and tyranny and held under the yoke of
bondage. The conduct of this Congress toward
them would be in the eyes of the civilized
world a sufficient cause for rebellion. I pro-
test against despotism and tyranny iu every
form, and especially*against the despotism of
this Congress. I warn the people of the Uni-
ted States that their liberties are about to be
taken from them by a Congress imbued with
crazy fanaticism, who are engaged in plotting
the destruction of the fairest Government ever
framed by men.
I am in favor of general amnesty and pardon,
and there are others, men in the Republican
party, who are in favor of the same thing.
Horace Greeley, the leading light of the black
Republican party, is in favor of general amnesty
and general suffrage, and he says that if he
cannot get general suffrage he wants general
amnesty any way. He came here and offered
himself as bail for Jefferson Davis. He wants
that man relieved from the punishment now
inflicted upon him by being kept in prison for
two or three years after the offense was commit-
ted, and deprived of a speedy trial to which
the basest criminal is entitled by our organic
law.
This Congress outstrips in wicked despotism
the worst Parliaments of England. Its action
disgraces and degrades the people of this coun-
try. It is inimical to the Constitution of the
United States, and as long as God Almighty
gives me breath I for one will raise my voice
against such despotic conduct whether it comes
from the legislative, executive, or judicial
branch of the Government. The white people
of this country were born freemen, and I shall
do all I can to have them die freemen.
I have seen enough of the course of this-Con-
gress upon these questions to make a lover of
his country shed tears of blood. The whole
object of its legislation appears to be to punish
the South. We do not hear in these Halls,
except from a few individuals, any utterance
of charity, Christian sympathy, or magnanimity
with regard to the people of the South. The
southern people are a brave people. They
have fought for what the great body of them
believed a just and righteous cause, and they
have been defeated; but they have done nothing
but what thousands and thousands have done
in former days in rebelling against both mon-
archies and republics. The recent rebellion
of the southern people was simply an uprising
against a Government whose powers they
believed were exercised in a despotic and
unconstitutional manner. Yet I'am not here
to justify their action; I am here to condemn
it, as I have always done. I did what I could
to prevent their success in the rebellion. Yet
I have sufficient charity in my heart to be will-
ing to accord to the great masses of the southern
people honesty of intention. This was demon-
strated by their exhibitions of valor and their
outpouring of blood in their conflict with the
heroic Army and Navy of the United States.
And when the President wiped out the conse-
quences of their guilt through the pardoning
and amnesty power he did but imitate the
example of our Saviour, who in order to pardon
a condemned world shed His own precious
blood upon the cross. The gratitude of pos-
terity and of civilization throughout the world
will be poured upon the great name of Andrew
Johnson for his humanity and charitable con-
duct.
This country must bo united at some time.
Wo cannot continue in our present state of
division and alienation. The civilized world
