1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
any other sect of the Christian church. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. BROOMALL. I suggest to my col-
league to strike out from his amendment the
word "worship" where it occurs and insert
instead of it the word "exercise."
Mr. STEVENS. No objection.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the chairman of the committee by
striking out the preamble down to and includ-
ing the word "therefore" and by inserting in
lieu thereof the words " provided that." I do
it for the purpose af asking the gentleman
whether we have any authentic information
which can be depended upon, that there has
been any such action by the Government at
Rome as is recited in that preamble. I sup-
pose it is merely a matter of newspaper rumor.
Mr. STEVENS. I can only say, while there
is no official authority for it, all the newspa-
pers that I have seen contain it; and I saw it
m an English paper.
Mr. IiASSON. I desire to state that there
came to-day from the State Department a com-
munication on this subject which has been re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. I beg leave to state that in
that communication, in answer to a resolution
of the House, the Secretary of State says the
Department has no information of any fact of
the kind, and I will add that the newspaper
reports inform us that the Protestant church
has been removed from the city with the con-
sent of the American minister.
Mr. HALE. I trust that my amendment
will prevail, and that this recital of supposed
facts, which may not be facts, will be stricken
out. And more than that, I suggest for the
consideration of the gentlemen whether, if it
were true that acts of the Papal Government
which are considered unjustifiable have de-
prived the Protestant residents of Rome of the
privilege of worshipping in their own way,
that is not a controlling reason why our diplo-
matic relations ought to be continued, unless
we are prepared to follow out this proposition
with a measure that shall make, perhaps, cams
belli.
If we propose to preserve any peaceful rela-
tions whatever with the Government there, it
seems to me that we certainly ought to have a
minister there, for the very reason that we
have Protestant residents at Rome entitled to
the protection of their Government, and that
they may enjoy their own form of worship at
the chapel of the embassy, if not elsewhere.
I have seen nothing developed in this debate
so far that would justify the adoption of the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. PINCK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
I oppose it in the first place because he is try-
ing to induce the House to legislate upon a sub-
ject upon which he has no official information.
He does not know, nor does the House know
anything with certainty in reference to this mat-
ter. We have no intelligence officially com-
municated to the Government that the order
stated by the public press has been made by
the Papal Government, or that the Protestants
of the city of Rome have been compelled to
remove their churches outside of the limits of
that city. We do not know it as a fact that any
such order has been made, neither do we know
(if such an order has been made) under what
circumstances or for what reasons it was made.
Now, submit that before the House takes
at!j action on this question it ought at least be
put in possession of all the facts and of the
reasons which operated upon the minds of the
authorities at Rome in making the order, if in
fact it was really made.
For the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
press this question in the absence of all official
information seems to be a mere thrust at the
Catholic population of this country and at the
authorities at Rome. The gentleman before
he asks such action as this ought to be sure of
all the facts upon which he bases it. _ Five
minutes, Mr. Chairman, is notimein which to
explain or discuss such a matter as this ; but
when the question is properly before the House
I shall desire to be heard upon it. For the
present I can only say that I trust the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
not prevail.
The question being upon Mr. Hale's amend-
ment to the amendment, it was put; and there
were—ayes 67, noes 30.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ Mr.' STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise as it is about time to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Spfeaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Po.meroy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
State of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill of the
House No. 903, making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending June SO,
1868, and had instructed him to report the
same to the House without amendment.
Also, that the committee had had under con-
sideration the bill of the House No. 904,
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic service of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1868, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
pension appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous ques-
tion on the pension appropriation bill just re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Uniorf.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
minting or bills.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to give notice that
at the proper time I shall offer as a substitute
what I send to the Clerk's desk for the bill pend-
ing this morning reported from the Indian Com-
mittee. I move that the substitute be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. CONKLING,
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., wore presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. BXJNItY: The petition of William Wilson,
for compensation for scrvico in the Army, &c.
By Mr. BURLEIGH: A memorial of tho Legisla-
tive Assembly of Dakota Territory, praying for an
appropriation by Congress to erect a capitol building
at the scat of government in said Territory.
By Mr. COBB: The pctitition of citizens of Glen
Haven, of Grant county, Wisconsin, against any re-
duction of the volume of the currency,
By Mr. CONKLING: Tile petition of citizens of
Alden, Erie county. New York, praying the impeach-
ment of tho President.
By Mr. I>AltLINfcr : The memorial of 1.500 soldiers
of the late war who have lost their discharges or aro
from other accidental causes debarred from the bene-
fits of the special bounty law, praying that they may
be put on tho same footing as their more favored
comrades.  
By Mr. NICHOLSON: The petition of Olivia W.
Cannon, widow of Joseph S. Cannon, for a pension.
By Mr. PAINE: The memorial of the Historical
Society of Wisconsin, in favor of the purchaso by
Congress of the library of Potor Force.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: Tho petition of
E. B. Stackpole, and 41 others, citizens of Kendus-
keag, Maine, for increase of duty on importod wool.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of tanners, sad-
dlers, harness-makers, and leather dealers of the
third congressional district of Ohio, praying for a
reduction of tho tax on the commodities manufac-
tured by them to two per cent.
Also, tho petition of manufacturers of and dealers
in cigars and of growers of leaf tobaoeo, praying for
a change in tho tax on cigars.
Also, the potition of officers of the United States
Army, praying that the commutation price of the
ration may be restored to fifty cents.
By Mr TAYLOR, of Tennessee: The petition of L.
M. Jarvis, P. M. Turner, and others, of Hancock
county, Tennessee, against further curtailment of
currency and suggesting a modification of whisky tax.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 30, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. J. W. Parker, D. D., of
Boston, Massachusetts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Jour-
nal of yesterday will be read.
Mr. SPRAGUE. -I move to dispense with
the reading of the Journal.
Mr. GRIMES. I think this practice of dis-
pensing with the reading of the Journal is
becoming altogether too frequent, and we may
ascertain hereafter that it may probably con-
tain something unpleasant for us to read.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Nobody hears it.
Mr. GRIMES. I hear it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Nobody else does.
-Mr. GRIMES. The questions upon which
we are acting are too important for me not to
know how my name is recorded upon them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will endeavor to preserve order so that the
reading of the Journal shall be heard.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Is there any
objection ? It requires unanimous consent to
dispense with the reading of the Journal.
Mr. GRIMES; I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the Journal will be read, and the
Senate will be in order.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday, but before concluding was
interrupted by
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to dispense with
the further reading of the Journal.
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the reading must be proceeded
with.
The reading of the Journal was then resumed
and concluded.
credentials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the secre-
tary of State of Alabama, certifying that John
Anthony Winston was elected on tho 22d of
December, I860, iy the Legislature of Ala-
bama a Senator in Congress from that State
for six years from the 4th of March, 1867;
which was ordered to iie on the table.
Mr. NESMITH presented the credentials of
Hon. Henry W. Corbett, elected by the Legis-
lature of the State of Oregon a Senator from
that State for the term of six years from the
4th of March, 1867 ; which were ordered to be
filed.
admission of nebraska veto.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the veto message of the President
of the United States on the bill for the admis-
sion of Nebraska into the Union.
Mr. WADE. I move that that message be
laid on the table and printed. I do not know
that anybody wants it to be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very short.
Mr. WADE. If anybody insists on the read-
ing or wants it read of course I have no objec-
tion. It takes up time, and nobody listens
to it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ask for the reading
of the message.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the message is asked for. It will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
To the Senate of the United States :
I return for reconsideration a bill entitled
"An act for the admission of the State of Ne-
braska into the Union," which originated in
the Senate, and has received the assent of both
Houses of Congress. A bill having in view the
same object was presented for my approval a
few hours prior to the adjournment of the last
session, but, submitted at a time wh.eq there
was no opportunity for a proper consideration
of the subject, I withheld my signature, and
the measure failed to become a If™'-
It appears by the preamble of this bill that
" The people of Nebraska, availing themselves of
