88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
is now looking with pain and amazement "at the
spectacle which our country presents. And,
sir, I tell you that though the people of the
South may be obliged for a time to submit to
the galling yoke of despotism, reason and judg-
ment will eventually assert their sway, and the
day is not far distant when the bright easkct
of human liberty will be again intrusted to
the hands of men who will transmit it to their
descendants as we received it from our fathers
of the revolutionary era.
In speaking on this subject I employ strong
language; I do not intend any disrespect toward
anybody on either side of this House. Gen-
tlemen on both sides of the House will bear me
witness that I have always treated them in a
courteous and gentlemanly manner. I have
no ill-will or antipathy toward any member of
this House; but I implore gentlemen, in be-
half of my country, in behalf of those who are
to come after us, to join with me and others
on this side of the House in an effort to re-
unite this country in a bond of fraternal affec-
tion upon the basis of the Constitution and the
old Union established by our patriotic fore-
fathers, so that we may again become the envy
and admiration of the civilized world.
My motive in thus plainly talking is to warn
the people of approaching -danger that they
may stand upon the watch-towers and guard
the citadel of their liberties against Girondists
and Jacobins who would destroy their country
for political power. It springs from an earnest
and sincere desire to promote the best interests
of my country. I see with pain the spirit of
vengeance' which gentlemen here are seeking to
exercise toward the people of the South, and
I implore Almighty God that He may enlighten
their consciences to a sense of the real de-
mands of the country "before we are plunged
into another revolution. May Christian love
and charity presail and the innocent mother
and harmless babe of the South no more be
the victims of the lire and smoke that once
ascended from the dwelling which sheltered
age and infancy.
As a matter of law, as well as of policy and
justice, the legislation now proposed should
not be adopted. Why, sir, if the doctrines
which, are advocated here be correct, none of
the men of the South who have been engaged
in rebellion can be indicted or convicted for
treason. The honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] in the honesty of
whose sentiments I fully believe, has pro-
claimed—and the declaration has been seconded
by the other gentlemen on that side, and has
been embodied in a preamble to a resolution
or bill presented in this House—that the
southern States are out of the Union and have
lost their constitutional relations to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and are dead
in law, and their people public enemies; that
those States have become mere Territories, and
bills have been introduced for the purpose of
declaring and enforcing this doctrine.
If this be the true view, then why should we
undertake to repeal the law which limits the
time within which those men can b.e inSicted
and tried for treason? For if those States are
out of the Union and have lost their constitu-
tional relations to the Government of the Uni-
ted States, then they must have constituted a
de facto Government; and those who partici-
pated in that de facto Government, the only
Government that could give them protection,
camiot, according to the principles of public
and international law, be convicted of the crime
of treason. Men cannot be guilty of treason
to a Government to which they do not owe
allegiance. No man who is not a citizen of
the United Spates can be convicted of treason
against the United States for being engaged in
a war against them. If those who were en-
gaged in the rebellion were, by virtue of their
secession, taken outside of the Union, then
they do not come within the constitutional
provision in regard to treason. They were
subjects of a de facto Government, and accord-
ing to the principle settled in the English and
American law adherence to such a Govern-
ment in opposition to a Government de jure
cannot render an individual guilty of treason.
We all know that the rebellion was brought
about by the Radicals of the North and South;
one set to destroy slavery and the other to pre-
serve it. The Radicals of the North were all
the time hounding the people of the South.
In fact they are more accountable for the re-
bellion than the people of the South, because
the people of the South had reason to believe
from what was stated in the speeches and in
the public press of the North that they would
be permitted quietly to secede. It was well
known that Horace Greeley advocated seces-
sion. We know that throughout the length and
breadth of the North men of character in the
different States proclaimed that the South had
the right to secede.
Now, after they have failed in the act of
secession, after the rebellion has been put
down, after you have laid waste their fields,
burned their cities, desolated their homes,
destroyed all their branches of industry, is it
not time to show some magnanimity, some
charity, and to say that after three years have
elapsed from the time those offenses were com-
mitted they shall go-acquitted? I know you
would hesitate to pass a resolution in this
House saying that the people of Ireland, who
are fighting against the despotism and tyranny
of England, were guilty of treason and should
be hung. Do we not know that the President
is using all the peaceable machinery of the
Government of the United States to prevent
the Canadian Government executing upon the
gallows men who went upon its soil, having
their base of operations here, for the purpose
of relieving the millions of the downtrodden
people of Ireland from the yoke of bondage
in which they are held by the Queen of Eng-
land.
Gentlemen, there is no difference to-day
between the status of the people of the South
and the people of Ireland, except that the peo-
ple of Ireland have less despotism exercised
over them by the English Government than the
people of the South have by you; because the
people of Ireland have some representation in
the British Parliament, while the people of the
South, with the exception of one single State,
and that not having a republican form of gov-
ernment, have none. I mean Tennessee. I
know perfectly well if I should offer a resolu-
tion in this House protesting against hanging
the Fenians in Canada, every man in this
House, especially the Radicals who pretended
at the recent elections to be great friends of
the Irish, would cordially vote for it.
Perhaps, however, you will not be so friendly
now, as you have had all the use you can make
of the Fenians for the present. I want to see
your friendship by the repeal of the neutrality
laws. Why do you feel willing to extend
your sympathy and hospitality to the people
of Poland, Hungary, Ireland, and other coun-
tries where revolutions have taken place, and
want to hang your own countrymen for being
engaged in a like revolution ? Why will you
extend the hand of charity and friendship to
them and refuse it to the people of the South?
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand the gentle-
man to make reference to my own State. I do
not know precisely the terms in which he re-
ferred to it, and I would like to have him repeat
them.
Mr. ROGERS. I said there was ono State
in the Union which had representation in Con-
gress from the South, and that was one with-
out a republican form of government, one gov-
erned by despotism, where three fifths of the
people are disfranchised, where an oligarchy
or aristocracy rules over the people.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman's remarks
relieve me from some misapprehension I was
under from the previous portion of his speech,
in which he announced that in a short time,
perhaps after the 4th of March, this country
would be governed by despotism and its liber-
ties be gone. I suppose now hg means to be
understood that the people of the whole coun-
try will be governed by a policy similar to that
which prevails at this time in Tennessee, .by
which the State is governed by the loyal peo-
ple^ those who have been its friends, those who
during all our troubles have stood by it, those
who by their sacrifices and efforts have saved
it as a nation among the nations of flic earth.
If that is his meauing I congratulate the coun-
try it is going to pass, as I believe it will, into
the hands of that class of the people who during
this generation and every succeeding genera-
tion will continue to manage and control its
affairs.
Mi^ ROGERS. No State is a free one with
a repiblican form that by force deprives three
fifths of her white male voting population^of
the right of self-government. That is the ease
in Tennessee, its government, as adminis-
tered, is a despotism, and that was the only
reason that induced Congress to give her rep-
resentation, knowing that as but few but Radi-
cals could vote her power would be at least
equally balanced in the House. When I speak
of this Congress being a despotism I speak of
the very same causes that induced our fathers
to rebel against the mother country—because
the Parliament of England taxed the people of
these Colonies without allowing them repre-
sentation. I say that this Government taxes
the people of the South millions and millions
of dollars without allowing them representation
in the law-making department, that this is a
tyranny and a despotism that ought to be dis-
countenanced by every Union-loving man, and
that I hope succeeding generations will scoff
at and put down.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. There happen to be
some four million people in this country who
for a good many years have not only been taxed
without representation, but enslaved without
their consent.
Mr. ROGERS. No, sir. Three fifths of the
the slaves and all the free negroes have always
been represented and taxes paid for them.
They were not citizens, and your constitutional
amendment, which you ask the South to adopt,
proves they were not citizens. You propose
by virtue of it to make them citizens, for which
there is no necessity if they were so before.
Yet three fifths of the slaves and all the free
negroes, who were not citizens of the United
States, have had heretofore a representation
allowed to them in the Congress of the United
States. I am not here to tind fault with the
policy of a State as to who shall be allowed to
vote, but I am here to claim that great right,
of representation in conjunction with taxation
which our fathers maintained and for which
they fought for more than seven years against
the mother country.
Mr. IvELLEW Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. ROGERS. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to congratulate the
gentleman on having accepted my convictions,
and to ask him whether I understood him
rightly; whether, now that the people of whom
we speak are. citizens, slavery having been
abolished, he agrees with me that they should
not be taxed unless they are represented. Ho
says he did not deem them entitled to repre-
sentation while they were slaves. Does he
think them entitled to representation now that
they are citizens?
Mr. ROGERS. The gentleman does not
understand my premises. I have not yet ad-
mitted, and nobody can draw that inference
from my remarks, that the free negroes of this
country were citizens of the United States. Sir,
it was understood in the early history of the
country, and was settled in the Dred Scott
case, and it has been followed from that time
to this, that the free negro was not a citizen
and he is not a citizen now; and to prove that
he is not, it is only necessary to refer to the
amendment which you ask the people of the
South to adopt so as to make these very free
negroes citizens of the United States. If they
were citizens before, an'd if they are still citi-
zens, what is the use of hs«ving the South or
the North ratify that amendment? The sub-
