THE CONGE ESSIONAL GrLOBB.
January BO,
the authority conferred upon them by the act passed
on the 19fch of April, 185-1, have adopted a constitu-
tion which, upon due examination, is found to con-
form to the provisions and comply with the condi-
tions of said act, and to be republican in its form of
government, and that they now ask for aidmissioft
into the Union."
This proposed, law- would therefore gee'ta to
be based upon the declaration contained in
the enabling act, that, upon compliance with
its terms the people-of Nebraska should be
admitted into the union upon an equal footing
■with the -Original States.
Reference to the bill, however, shows that
while, by the first section, Congress- distinctly
accepts,- ratifies, and confirms tlie constitution
and State government which the people of the
Territory have formed for themselves,' declares
Nebraska to be one of the United States of
America, and admits her into the Union upon
an equal footing with the original States in all
respects whatsoever, the third section provides
that this measure—
" Shall not take effect except upon the funda-
mental condition, that within the State of Nebraska
there shall be no denial of the elective franchise, or
of any other right, to any person by reason of race
or color, excepting Indians not taxed; and upon the
further fundamental condition tbat the Legislature
of said State, by a solemn public act, shall declare
the assent of said State to the said fundamental con-
dition, and shall transmit to the President of the
United States an authentic copy of said act, upon
receipt whereof the President, by proclamation, shall
forthwith announce the fact, whereupon said funda-
mental condition shall be held as apart of tbo or-
ganic law of the Stato: and thereupon, and without
further proceedings on the part of Congress, the ad-
mission of said State into the Union shall be consid-
ered as complete."
This condition is not mentioned in the orig-
inal enabling act, was not contemplated at the
time of its passage, was not sought by the people
themselves, has not heretofore been applied to
the inhabitants of any State asking admission,
and is in direct conflict with the constitution
adopted by the people and declared in the pre-
amble " to be republican in its form of govern-
ment;" for in that instrument the exercise of
the elective franchise and the right to hold
office are expressly limited to white citizens
of the United States. Congress thus under-
takes to authorize and compel the Legislature
to change the constitution, which it is declared
in the preamble has received the sanction of
the people, and which by this bill is '' accepted,
ratified, and confirmed" by the Congress of
the nation.
The first and third sections of the bill exhibit
yet further incongruity. By the one Nebraska
is "admitted into the Union upon an equal
footing with the original States, in all respects
whatsoever;" while by the other, Congress de-
mands, as_ condition-precedent to her admis-
sion, requirements which in our history have
never beenasked of any people when present-
ing a constitution and State government for the
acceptance of the law-making power. It is ex-
pressly declared by the third section that the
bill—
"Shall not take effect except upon the funda-
mental condition that within the State of Nebraska
thero shall be no denial of the elective franchise or
of any other right to any person by reason of race or
color, excepting Indians not taxed."
Neither more nor less than the assertion of
the right of Congress to regulate the elective
franchise of any State hereafter to be admitted.
This condition is in clear violation of the Fed-
eral Constitution, under the provisions of which,
from the very foundation of the G-overnment,
each State has_ been left free to determine for
itself the qualifications necessary for the exer-
eise of suffrage within its limits. Without pre-
cedent in our legislation, it is in marked contrast
with those limitations which, imposed upon
States that from time to time have become mem-
bers of the Union, had for their object the
single purpose of preventing any infringement
of the Constitution of the country. If Congress
is satisfied that Nebraska at the present lime
possesses sufficient population to entitle her to
full representation in the councils of the nation,
andthat her people desire an exchange of a
territorial for a State government, good faith
would seem to demand that she should be ad-
mitted without farther requirements than those
expressed in the cabling act, with all of which
it is asserted in the preamble her inhabitants
have complied. Congress may-,'under the Con-
stitution, admit new States or reject ihem; but
the people of a State can1 alone make, or change
their organic .law and prescribe the qualifica-
tions' requisite for electors. Congress, how-
ever, in passing the bill in the shape in which
it has been submitted for my approval, does
irotf nverely reject the application of the- people
of Nebraska for present admission as a State
into-' the Union on the ground that the consti-
tution which they have submitted restricts the
exercise of the elective franchise to the white
population, but imposes conditions which, if
accepted by the Legislature, may, without the
consent of the people, so change the organic
law. as to make electors of all persons within
the State, without distinction of race or color.
In view of this fact, I suggest for the con-
sideration of Congress, whether it would not
be just, expedient, and in accordance with the
principles of our Government, to allow the
people, by popular vote or through a conven-
tion chosen by themselves for that purpose, to
declare whether or not they will accept the
terms upon which it is now proposed to admit
them into the Union. This course would not
occasion much greater delay than that which
the bill contemplates when it requires that the
Legislature shall be convened within thirty
days after this measure shall have become a
law for the purpose of considering and decid-
ing the conditions which it imposes, and gains
additional force when we consider that the
proceedings attending ithe formation of the
State constitution were not in conformity with
the provisions of the enabling act; that in an
aggregate vote of 7,770 the majority in favor of
the constitution did not excced one hundred,
and that it is alleged that in consequence
of frauds even this result cannot be received
as a fair expression of the wishes of the peo-
ple. As upon them must fall the burdens of
a State organization it is but just that they
should be permitted to determine for them-
selves a question which so materially affects
their interests. Possessing a soil and a cli-
mate admirably adapted to those industrial
pursuits which bring prosperity and greatness
to a people, with the advantage of a central
position on the great highway that will soon
connect the Atlantic and Pacific States, Ne-
braska is rapidly gaining in numbers and
wealth, and may within a very brief period
claim admission on grounds which will chal-
lenge and secure universal assent. She can
therefore wisely and patiently afford to wait.
Her population is said to be steadily and even
rapidly increasing, being now generally con-
ceded as high as forty thousand, and estimated
by some whose judgment is entitled to respect
at a still greater number. At her present rate
of growth she will in a very short time have
the requisite population for a Representative
in Congress; and, what is far more important
to her own citizens, will have realized such an
advance in material wealth as will enable the
expenses of a State government to.be borne
without oppression to the tax-payer. Of new
communities it may be said with especial force—
and it is true of old ones—that the inducement
to immigrants, other things being equal, is in
almost the precise ratio of the rate of taxation.
The great States of the Northwest owe their
marvelous prosperity largely to the fact that
they were continued as Territories until they
had grown to be wealthy and populous com-
munities. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 29, 1867.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
to which this message refers is now reconsid-
ered-, and the question is, Shall the bill pass,
the objections of the President of the United
States to the contrary notwithstanding?
Mr. WADE. I move that the message be
printed, and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States communicating, in answer to
a resolution of the Senate of the 7th instant,
information upon the subject of an alleged re-
cent emigration of citizens of the United States
to the dominion of the Sublime Porte for the
purpose of settling afid acquiring landed prop-
erty there. The message-and accompanying
documents, oil motion bf Mr. Sumner, were
ordered to lie upon the table and be printed.
PRINTING OF. A DOCUMENT.
Mr. CRESWELL. The report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in response to a reso-
lution of December 4, 1866, in relation to the
amount of money paid or ordered to be paid
for advertising notices and proposals for each of
the Executive Departments, has not yet been
ordered to be printed. I submit a motion that
the usual number of copies of that document
be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of cultiva-
tors of the vine in the vicinity of Cincinnati,
Ohio, praying for a reduction of the tax on
the distillation of brandies; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Washington city, District of Columbia, praying
for an appropriation in aid of the Guardian
Society of that city, and that the act granting
certain privileges to that Society may be
amended; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of R.
Smith, cashier of the Northwestern Bank of
Virginia, of Parkersburg, West Virginia, pray-
ing for (he payment of a balance due on cer-
tain quartermaster's vouchers issued for the
purchase of horses for the Army under the
command of General Hunter; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. KIRKWOOD presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, praying for a specific tax on
all domestic cigars, and that the stamp be made
a revenue stamp sold by the collector only to
the licensed manufacturers in his-district with
proper guards and checks to prevent frauds
and counterfeits; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SPfirAGUE. I present the petition of
James Walsh; and as it is in regard to a matter
which concerns a large number of people I will
read it:
" The petitioner James Walsh, late private of com-
pany 1, third United States artillery, who was dis-
charged at Fort Adams, Rhode Island, on surgeon's
certificate of disability in consequence of a wound
received in action at Molino del Rey, in Mexico,
and who is now receiving a pension of eight dollars
per month, respestfally petitions your honorable
Congress for an increase of said pension, so that he
EM,y receive the same as now allowed by law for those
disabled in the last war—his present pension boing
inadequate to support him among his friends, and
his injuries being of such a nature as to disqualify
him from earning- a livelihood by manual labor."
I desire to say that I cannot see why soldiers
who reei&ved wounds in wars in defense of
their country prior to the recent war should
not be pat upon the same footing with soldiers
wounded daring the late war. I therefore beg
leave to surest to the Committee on Pensions
the propriety of taking this matter into their
serious consideration. I move that the peti-
tion be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
James M. Ellison, praying for payment for
property taken and destroyed by United States
troops in Virginia in 1804 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CRESWELL presented the memorial
of James L. McPhail, Voltaire Randall, and
Eton G. Horner, praying for compensation for
services rendered in the arrest of Samuel Ar-
nold and Michael O'Laughlin, two of the con-
spirators in the assassination of President Lin-
coln, and fpr valuable information furnished
to the officers of the United States in the
development of the facts of the general con-
spiracy and in the trial of other of the assas-
