1530
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
fought in the rebel army and been captured as
prisoners of war by the United States forces.
I trust, therefore, that the State of Missouri
shall be included in this bill as one of those to
which the provisions of this section shall apply.
Mr. IvASSON. I should be glad to extend
this patronage to the loyal journals in the States
known as loyal States. I admit thereare dis-
loyal journals in Missouri as well as in Ken-
tucky, but these States are represented upon this
floor, and I thank God if not entirely, yet are
in large part, loyally represented here, which
shows that the people there are already ac-
quainted with the public laws and proceedings
of the United States both in their legislative
and executive departments, and that they sup-
port their loyal papers already. But in the
rebel States, where loyal papers are struggling
for existence, these advertisements should only
be given to the papers which give a fair repre-
sentation of the United States Government and
advocate Union sentiments. It is an outrage
to give them to rebel sheets, hostile to the Union
during the war and disloyal still, to the exclu-
sion of the organs of Unionism. The com-
mittee, as I think wisely, have desired to steer
clear of the question of patronage in the loyal
States, but to require the laws and proceedings
of the executive and legislative departments of
the Government to be published in the papers
in the rebel States not dyed all over with the
crimson of rebellion. The committee thought
it right to go into those rebel States and to
require that the advertisements of the Govern-
ment shall be published only in the papers
friendly to it, and which will give a correct
exposition of them to the people. I hope,
therefore, the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri will not prevail.
There is another reason. It is said that it
is proposed to publish all the laws since 1861
in the rebel States, inasmuch as they were not
published there pending the war; and it is
necessary we should act as promptly and clearly
On this subject as possible in order to secure
the publication of the laws in the rebel States
in thoroughly Union papers.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 37, noes 69.
So the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move in the twenty-
seventh line to insert before the word " other-
wise" these words : " nor shall any such publish
the advertisements to be ordered by any De-
partment or public officer."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Nib-
lack's amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move in the second line,
after "House of Representatives'' to insert
'•and Secretary of the Senate." If Congress
is to control this matter both Houses ought to
have a hearing.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move the following as an
additional section:
Sue. 7. And be it further enarird, That nil law?, reso-
lutions, advertisements, and notices of every descrip-
tion, (excepting the weekly lettor list,) emanating from
the President of the United States, Post Office Depart-
ment, or any other executive department, bureau,
or office thereof, whether they have been heretofore
authorized by law or are discretionary with said
departments, or bureaus, or offices, which shall bo
publishcil within the District of Columbia, shall be
published in the two daily papers ot the city of Wash-
ington having tho largest permanent daily circula-
tion, and in none other, under any pretence what-
ever, the charges for suoh publications not to be
higher than such as are paid by individuals for ad-
veitising in said papers, said circulation to be ascer-
tained annually in the manner provided bv section
six of "An act making appropriations for the service
of tho Post Office Department during tho fiscal year
ending tho 30th day of June, 1807, and for other pur-
poses," approved May IS, 1866, and all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with this enactment are hereby
repealed. And any officer of the Government who
shall, under any pretense or order, pay any claims
for compensation in violation of tho provisions of
this act, shall bo guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof, shall be fined not exeeeding$1.000,
and imprisoned in tho penitentiary for a period of
not less than six months and not over three years.
Mr. LB BLOND. I rise to a question of
order: that this is new and independent legis-
lation, and is not in order in a general appro-
priation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move the follow-
ing as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay outoi
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to George W. Ashburn the sum of $3,833 37, in full
for his equal part of the proceeds of certain property
seized and condemned as the property of one Fred-
erick Stuart, in the year 1863, in the State of Ten-
nessee.
Mr. KASSON. I make the point of order
that amendment is not in order, as it; is new
legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. ARNBLL. I move to amend by insert-
ing in line three of section six, after the word
"in" the word "Tennessee."
Mr. STEVENS. It is too late to go back to
that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to add the
following at the end of the last section:
For extra services of Alexander M. Kercher, John
K. Vernon, Patrick Kilfoye, Michael Rynders, John
McNally, John McCarty, Peter Call, and William
McKenzie, at the Executive Mansion during the
administration of President Lincoln, $100 each, $800.
I would like to explain this.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I withdraw it.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Thayer reported
that the Corpaiittee of the Whole on the state
of the .Union, pursuant to the order of the
House, had had under consideration the Union
generally, and > particularly the special order,
being House bill No. 1173, making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1808, and
for other purposes, and had directed him to
report the same to the House, with sundry
amendments thereto.
order of business.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I believe it
is not the wish of the House to come here for
business to-night.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to have the final action on the tax bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House
meet for the purpose of considering for debate
only, House bill No. 03, on the subject of con-
fiscation.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object to any-
thing which will interfere with the order con-
cerning the indemnity bill.
The SPEAKER. That bill must be tak6n
up whenever the House again meets for busi-
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the tariff bill will
not be put off.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, if a motion
to adjourn is now made that will dispose of the
evening session, I believe.
The SPEAKER. If that motion is carried
before half past four o'clock there will then be
no evening session.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I move to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's col-
league [Mr. Stevens] has the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the motion to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of taking up the
confiscation bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Can the regular
order be set aside ?
The SPEAKER.. Any order can be set
aside by suspending the rules.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Stevens, it was not agreed to—ayes 48,
noes 58.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now move that the
House adjourn.
The question being put, there were—ayes 55,
noes 55.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
negative.
Mr. PIKE. I call for the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes fifteen, not one fifth of the members
present.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Pike and Ancona.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to ask if the
yeas and nays are ordered and the call is not
completed when the hour for the recess arrives,
whether the House will not take a recess at
the close of the call?
The SPEAKER. If the roll-call com-
mences and is in process at half past four
o'clock it must then be completed; and if a
majority votes to adjourn the House will
adjourn.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-seven.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk called the first name on the roll
and received an answer.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a privileged
motion, that when the House adjourns it
adjourns to meet on Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER. That is a privileged
motion, but the Clerk informs the Chair that
he has commenced the roll-call and received a
response.
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn ; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 49, nays 77, not voting 64 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Benjamin,Bergen,
Boyer, Campbell, Chanler, Cobb, Cooper, Defrees,
Eggleston, Eldridge, Farquhar, Finek, Glossbrenner,
Abner C. Harding, Harris, Ilise, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Kasson, Kerr, Kuykendall, LeBlond, Leftwich, Mar-
shall, McKee, Mercur, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell,
Orth, Pike, Radford, Raymond, Boss, Schenck, Sco-
field, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Tabor, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor. Francis Thomas, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Andrew II. Ward, Whaley, Williams, and
Windom—49.
NAYS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Banks, Baxter, Beaman,
Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Brandegec,
Bioomall, Buckland, Bundy, Conkling, Cullom, Dar-
ling, Dawes, Dcming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold,
Hale, Hawkins, Hayes, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Chester
D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Keteham, Koontz, Laflin,
Loan, Loncyear, Maynard, McClurg, McRuer, Miller,
Moorhead, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Paine, Patterson,
Perliam, Puce, William H.Randall, Alexander H.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Shellabarger. Starr, Stevens,
Stokes, Thayer, Upson, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, James
F. Wilson, ami Woodbridge—77.
NOTVOTING—Messrs.Delos R. Ashley, Baldwin,
Barker, Blow, Bromwell, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cook, Culver, Davis, Dawson, Delano, Deni-
son, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Goodyear, Aaron
Harding, Hart, Henderson, llogan. Holmes, Hotch-
kiss, Asahel \V. Hubbard, DemasHubbard, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jones, Kelso, Latham,
George \. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lynch,
Marston, Marvin, MeCullough, Mclndoe, Morrill.
Morris, Moulton, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Samuel
J. Randall, John H. Rice, Ritter, Rogers, Rousseau,
Sloan, Stilwell, Strouse, Nelson Taylor, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, Winfield, and
Wright—64.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. NIBLACK asked unanimous consent
to make an inquiry of the Chair as to what
would be the order of business in the evening.
The SPEAKER. As the House refuses
to adjourn, the Chair will state that the first
business in order will be the consideration of
the amendments made by the Committee of
the Whole to the miscellaneous appropriation
bill, which has been reported to the House.
The next business in order will be the indem-
nity bill, on which one hour of debate is to be
had, and then the vote is to be taken without
further debate or dilatory motion. Then comes
the morning hour for private bills from the
Committee for the District of Columbia. After
that comes the consideration of the tax bill in
thef ommittee of the Whole.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived during the roll-call, the House took a
recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
