856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 30,
cient price for big coal is evi&ent from the prices
which prevail in the markets where there is no com-
petition. He supplies the Ohio and the Mississippi
and their tributary streams, and through all the ter*
ritory which they water, with coal at a less expense
than on the sea-board. He received no more for his
coal at the mine in 1866, with a duty on foreign coal
of $1 25 in gold, than he did in 1865, when provincial
coal was free. It has been no boon to him that New
York and the New England States have had the cost
of their bituminous coals .increased more than half
a million dollars in currency value paid in the form
of duties.
" If the miner has not received the benefit from this
protection, it must have inured to the benefit of the
transportation arrangements. If, however, neither
the miner nor the transportation company has de-
rived any benefit from it, the duty has been of no
avail as proteotion.
. "The object of a duty is either revenue or protec-
tion. A smaller duty would increase the revenue by
increasing importations. The present duty does not
seem to have afforded protection.
" It is, perhaps, unnecessary to recapitulate here
the well-known arguments for making coal free of all
duty; The manufacturing industry of any country,
to be permanently successful,must be based on eheap
raw materials; and if there be any article then that
Bhould be exempted from taxation, both internal
and customs, and afforded at the cheapest possible
rate to all consumers, it is coal. Every person in this
oountry has a direct interest that his house shall be
warmed and lighted at the lowest cost, and that his
food shall be cheaply cooked; whilecheap steam and
cheap iron are essential if the country is to maintain
its position with other and competing commercial
and manufacturing nations.
"The commissioner, therefore, havinrin view the
general welfare rather than any special interest,, re-
commends that the duty on coal be either entirely
removedor placed at the lowest point eonsistent-with
the requirements of the Treasury for revenue."
Now, I am ready to adopt every word which
is so well said by the commissioner. I -agree
with him that you ought not to impose the
duty you now propose, because you in that way
will interfere with the general welfare. I plead
for that general welfare which is one of the
objects of our Constitution; but I plead still
furtherthat you should not impose any tax
which in its nature is peculiarly oppressive
on a particular part of the country, especially
when there is no corresponding advantage de-
rived from it. On that principle I am ready
to stand and to accept its application to all the
interests on which I have to act. I say there-
fore, sir, in one word the proposed tax on
coal is contrary^ to the general welfare of our
country, arid it is a positive oppression on an
important part of the country.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not rise, sir, to take
part in the discussion of this coal question, but
to express the hope that while the Senator
from Massachusetts adopts the views of the
special commissioner of revenue, Mr. Wells,
on the subject of coal, he will extend his co-
operation and give his influence to the sup-
port of the other recommendation, contained
in the commissioner's report. I must also
express my surprise that the Senator should
deem it at all strange that the commissioner's
statement should be called in question, or that
he should be maligned and slandered for the
statements he has made. Why, sir, I think I
told the Senate that any man who opposed the
passage of this bill must expect to be slan-
dered, and I think that the prophecy is being
fulfilled throughout the country.
As another illustration to be added to that
furnished by the Senator from Massachusetts
of the truth of this, I wish to state that in the
report of the special commissioner made to
the Secretary of the Treasury, when discussing
the subject of wool, a subject which I have had
occasion to investigate somewhat, he gave a
statement of the amount of production and
consumption in this country and the amount of
importation into it; and as the basis of his state-
ment he adopted the report of the Wool-Grow-
ers^ Association themselves, accepting even
their precise figures. Now, within the last few
days we have an article in the newspapers, and
telegraphed all over the country, stating that
a Mr. Dodge—who he is I do not know, but
said to be connected somehow as a clerk in one
of the Departments of the Government—has
furnished an altogether different statement.
The wool-growers were mistaken about their
own production it seems, and Mr. Wells is mis-
taken, and Mr. Dodge, by some species of in-
formation which he says he has been able to
gather, is able to present an altogether differ-
ent state of facts in regard to wool, woolen
manufactures, and woolen fabrics, and eon-
sumption.
Mr. BROWN. A new "dodge."
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; as my friend from
Missouri says, it is simply a "new dodge" to
secure the adoption of this bill.
Mr. President, I have my own views in re-
gard to this question of coal now before us, and
I wish it to be distinctly understood that any
vote I may give upon this amendment is not
predicated upon any principle involved in the
general subject or in the bill as an entirety,
upon which I profess to stand.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Iowa
has appealed to me to carry out my principles
with reference to this bill. Now I appeal to
that Senator to carry out his principles with
reference to coal. He must be in favor of
cheap coal: I know that he must be; and I
ask for his vote.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President I am in favor
of cheap coal myself and I like%have every-
thing cheap when I have to buy it. I am not
so particular about it being cheap when I have
it to sell.
On this question of coal I shall feel com-
pelled to vote against the amendment sub-
mitted by the Senator from Massachusetts,
and I should give my vote silently but for the
fact that the Senator has pressed upon us the
idea that this tax of one hundred and twenty
five cents 
Mr. SUMNER. One hundred and fifty.
Mr. HOWE. One hundred and twenty-five
I believe it stands now—a dollar and a quarter.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the present law.
Mr. HOWE. Either a tax of $1 25 or $1 50
would, he says, be oppressive and unjust upon
an important section of the country. If I be-
lieved it were oppressive, peculiarly oppressive,
or at all unjust to any section of the country,
whether important or unimportant, I should
vote with the Senator from Massachusetts; and
if there were not a coal mine in ^Pennsylvania
or Maryland or in the United States to be pro-
tected, if the idea of protection were alto-
gether, as it is almost, abandoned by this bill,
if we had no regard to anything in the world
but revenue, I would still think that this was
the mildest revenue duty to be found in the
bill. This coal, for the importation of which
Senators seem to be struggling at a low rate of
duty is used I understand for two purposes,
mainly to make gas and oil of 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not oil: to make gas
and iron.
Mr. HOWE. I understand you get your oil
coal from the same neighborhood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes.
Mr. HOWE. And it comes in under the
same duty. It is used for these two purposes
mainly. It is said to make about from sixty
to one hundred gallons of oil to the ton, and it
will make about ten thousand feet of gas. Is
that an oppressive tax upon the consumers of
either the oil or the gas? It will be about
twelve and a half cents on a thousand feet of
gas. That gas I suppose sells for three or four
dollars a thousand feet in the different cities
where it is made. This duty increases the cost
of that gas about twelve.and a half cents. You
will not let a citizen of the United States use a
pound of chiccory root, which I do not suppose
you mean" to protect at all, unless he pays for
the privilege of consuming in his family that
pound of chiccory root five cents, the same as
on coffee. You charge him five cents for con-
suming a pound of coffee; and that as a pure
revenue measure. Well, if you charge as high
for the privilege of consuming a pound of chic-
cory root as five cents, I think you are bound to
charge as high as twelve and a half cents for
consuming a thousand feet of gas. This is
much the lowest rate of tax, and I do not feel
that I am oppressing Ne-w England or unjust
to any portion of New England by the vote I
give. I do not mean to be.
Sir, I regret I indulged in any reflection
upon the general character of this bill. I re-
gret it for two reasons. I am not entirely sure
that I was not unjust to the bill, and I am not
entirely certain, in view of what I saw here last
night, that I was not a little imprudent myself.
I believe it is rather the fashion not to express
any very decided opinions about this bill one
way or the 8ther; it is considered a little safer
to find fault with, it than to approve it; but
there was a degree of fluttering exhibited here
last night that I had not witnessed before, and
eould not account for on the occasion.
I am going to vote for this bill, and I am
going to vote for it with a steady nerve, I
think, unless it is hart between this time and
the time of its final passage more than I an-
ticipate it will be hurt. I know, Mr. President,
that there is a difference of opinion in the coun-
try about these measures, and has been for. a
great many years. We have been debating
them very fiercely for some forty or fifty years,
and we have been experimenting upon them.
There is a class of people in the United States
who think it is for our interest to buy every-
thing we want to buy where we can buy it for
the least money, ani that -no impediments
ought to be put in the way of our doing so; and
therefore they are opposed to all systems of
duty laid for the purpose of effecting purchases
in our own country. There is another class
of gentlemen who think that whatever can be
made here, whatever labor can produce here
as readily as it can be produced elsewhere,
ought to be produced here. These two classes
of' opinions' seem to be about as far apart as
they ever were in their real beliefs, but they
come very much nearer together in their forms
of expression than they used to do years ago.
Those who hold to the latter opinion used to
be called protectionists: those who hold to
the former opinion used to be called the apos-
tles or disciples of free trade. Just now I be-
lieve we do not find any very loud advocates of
free trade, and certainly none of protection.
We find some geutlemen who are in favor of
tariffs for revenue with incidental protection,
but not for protection ; and some gentlemen,
like the Senator from Iowa, for instance, who
are not for free trade, but for judicious tariffs
or systems of duty 
Mr. GRIMES. For revenue purposes.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I shall not take
up the time of the Senate by expounding my
own views upon this matter at any length; but
I have an impression that if we had as much
labor here as they have elsewhere in the world
trade ought to be as free as possible; that you
ought not to impose a heavier tax upon the
consumer of a foreign article than an article
of home production for the mere purpose of
revenue; that there is no reason why you should
charge us any more for using a pound of tea
than for using a pair of boots in proportion to
the value of the two articles. The only object
for which I want to see industry protected here
at home, or rather to see the articles that we
can produce here as readily as they can be
produced elsewhere produced here, is for the
purpose of evening the amount of labor in this
country and in other countries. We are now
purchasing and paying for a large proportion
of the products of foreign labor. I think it is
much cheaper and much better to import that
labor than to import those products; and it is
for that reason I want to see the United States
confine themselves more and more to the con-
sumption of their own productions. I have
reference to those productions for which we
have the same facilities that they have else-
where, with the exception of the mere article
of labor.
But, sir, I did no#mean to be betrayed into
the discussion of the general features of this
bill, .and I should not have said a-word upon
them if I had not aceidenally dropped a re-
mark in the outset ."which looked like finding
fault with it. ^ I only say in conclusion that
when we get, if we ever get, to the final vote
on the bill I shall vote for it. I do not expect
the whole country will be satisfied with this
• j v K am EK)t satisfied with it myself, as I
said before. I do not expect tVe whole eoun-
