1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. THAYER. I wished to ask the gentle-
man before he sat down whether the popular
usage to which he has referred, authorizing the
administration of the executive department of
the Government, by the aid and ftdviceof these
Cabinet officers, has not beeome by an unin-
terrupted usage a part of the public law; and
whether in his opinion the people of this coun-
try would now tolerate the dismissal of these
officers by the Executive, and the attempt to
carry on the Government without any of their
aid.
Mr. SCHENCK. If I may be permitted to
reply, I will say that an appeal will have to be
made to the people in that case. We are now
endeavoring by such acts of legislation as are
within our constitutional power to control this
matter. If we go so far that we have no power
to control it as a legislative body, wc then throw
the matter over upon the people. The gentle-
man admits everything I claim when he makes
it an appeal to the people for the exercise of
legislative power,
Mr. BUN GHAM. I rise to oppose the sec-
tion. There is nothing clearer to my mind
than that the last clause of this section is in
direct conflict with the express letter of the
Constitution. No attempt of this sort has
ever before been made in an American Con-
gress. The provision of the Constitution is as
plain as it is possible for man to write it, that
all appointments that are to be made with the
concurrence or conscnt of the Senate must be
made by the President. Therefore I cannot
well see how the mover of this bill can persist
in having an argument running on here upon
a section of the bill which contains a clause
of this sort in direct contravention of the in-
strument under which we are assembled and
by tire authority of which alone we legislate.
That clause of the bill is as follows:
"The heads of Departments shall severally nom-
inate, and by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate appoint, oil their assistants and other officers
within their respective Departments."
Now, how can this become law while the
Constitution contains the following provision:
" He [the President] shall have power, by and with
the advice of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he
shall nominate, and by and with the advice of the
Senate shall appoint, embassadors and other public
ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme Court,
and all other officers of the United States whose
appointments aro not herein otherwise provided
for, and which shall be established by law."
•What appointments are herein—that is, in
the Constitution—otherwise provided for than
by the President with the consent of the Sen-
ate ? It is provided therein that Congress may
by law vest the appointment of such inferior
officers as they think proper in the President
alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of
Departments. Congress cannot by these terms
vest by law these appointments in the Presi-
dent and courts, for it must be in him alone ;
and to say they can by law vest them in the
courts with the Senate is simply to disregard
plain words, and would justify an enactment
that the courts and town constables jointly
might make such appointments. If there is
any provision of the Constitution which in any
manner authorizes this kind of color legisla-
tion I would like to know what it is. The
proposition is that—
"The heads of the several Departments of the Gov-
ernment shall hold their offices respectively for four
years, unless removed by the President by and with
the advice and conscnt of the Senate: and shall sev-
erally nominate, and by and with the^ advice and
consent of the Senate appoint, all their assistants
and other officeis within their respective Depart-
ments."
The point I make is that there is no officer
known to the Constitution who is authorized to
appoint to office with the consent of the Senate
but the President of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Con-
stitution says thai "'the Congress may by law
vest the appointment of such officers as they
may think proper in the President alone, in the
courts of law, or in the heads of Departments."
Mr. BINGIIAM. That has nothing to do
with nominations to the Senate or appoint-
ments made by the President with the consent
of the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The gentleman is mis-
taken as to the terms of the amendment as it
now stands. It does not propose a nomina-
tion to the Senate. It places the power in the
hands of the Department, subject to approval
and consent after the appointment is maide.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman then has
some other bill than that which been printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is in the printed bill. I
modified it some days ago.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman says the
printed bill is not the bill as now pending. I
should like then to know what that bill is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated sev-
eral times that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has modified his bill in several partic-
ulars. The Clerk will again read the bill as
modified.
The Clerk read the bill as modified.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand the language
still to be that the heads of Departments shall
appoint all their subordinates and assistants,
subject to the approval of the Senate. So it is
just reported by the Clerk. That is substan-
tially what I before represented it. The mod-
ification is only in words, not in substance.
Now, the point I make is simply this, that
the provision of the Constitution for the ap-
pointment of certain inferior officers is that
Congress by law vested in the President alone,
>or in the courts of law, or heads of Depart-
ments the power to appoint such officers; but
that provision never contemplated that by law
the Senate might be authorized to disapprove
such appointments so made either by the Pres-
ident or courts or heads of Departments. It
simply provides that the Congress may by law
vest the power in the President or courts of
law or heads of Departments to appoint the
inferior officers of the Government without
consulting the Senate. But what is attempted
here is, by act of Congress to vest part c>f this
Eower in the Senate in connection with the
eads of Departments. Why not confer it on
any other body or person in whole or in part?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment with the understand-
ing that it will be renewed.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I renew the amend-
ment to the amendment. If I rightly appre-
hend the drift of the debate, it does seem to me
that we are now in danger of falling into some
inconsistency in this legislation. There are
two constitutional views that have been enter-
tained in this country in regard to this matter
of the power to appoint and to remove superior
officers of the Government. One class of
opinion holds that the Constitution requires,
in order to the removal of those whose appoint-
ments must be confirmed by the Senate, that
the Senate should also assent to the removal.
That opinion is the one that was presented
very ably by the gentleman who introduced
this bill, supported by the very highest class
of opinions and authorities; the result of all
of which is that it is not constitutional, that it
is not competent for Congress to permit, either
by legislation or otherwise, a man to be
removed without the assent of the Senate who
cannot take office without the assent of the
Senate. Now, if that be the law, then we can
pass this bill. If that be not the law and the
practice, then we cannot pass this bill at all;
we cannot regulate the matter of removals in
those respects in which we propose to do it.
But if, on the other hand, the form and scope
of this bill is warranted by the Constitution,
if, in other words, the Senate must concur in
the removal of officers who can only be created
by its consent, then it is not competent for us
to enable the President, oven by law, to remove
men from office who cannot take their offices
except by the assent of the Senate. Then,
sir, what I submit, and all that I submit, is
this: lot us make our legislation harmonious;
let us not say in one section of the bill that a
Cabinet officer who must be confirmed by the
Senate may be removed without its consent
and onr constitutional view in that way violated;
let us rather strike down the bill entirely..
This power of removal is either executive
and in the President alone, or else it belongs
to the President and to the Senate together.
Do' not, therefore, say in regard to Cabinet
officers that they can be removed without the
assent of the Senate, and as to. other officers
that that assent must be obtained.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say a few words in reply to the argument of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] He
denies the constitutional power of this Congress
to enact the second clause of the amendment
now under consideration. I do not understand
that he holds any objection to the first clause;
he seems to regard it as a clear case; so do I.
But we differ tote ccelo in our conclusions.
Why may we not exercise this power? Why
may we not associate the Senate with the heads
of Departments in makingappointments ? The
Constitution authorizes us to vest that power
either in the President alone or in the heads
of Departments or in the courts. Is there
anything there that denies to us the power of
regulating the exercise of appointments by
suboidinate officers? It strikes me that I can
furnish authority upon- this subject which the
gentleman will not question; the authority of a
very distinguished judge of the Supreme Court
of the United States. Judge Story remarks in
his Commentaries, in section fifteen hundred
and thirty-seven, that as far as Congress has
the power to regulate and delegate the appoint-
ment of inferior officers, as it unquestionably
has, so far they may prescribe the te.rm of
office, the manner in whicK and the person by
whom the removal as well as the appointment
to office shall be made. That I think is an
authoritative answer to the objections of my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
But there is still more. When you come to
look into this provision of the Constitution you
will find that when the President is spoken of
in connection with this matter he is spoken
of as "the President alone." The Constitu-
tion authorizes you to give the appointment
to him exclusively. But when the heads of
Departments and the courts are spoken of no
such language is used. And the inference
may reasonably be drawn that in those eases
we may associate with them something in the
shape of a supervising authority.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Hale (as renewed by Mr. shellabarger)
to the amendment of Mr. Williams.
The amendment to the amendment was to
strike out the following :
And shall severally appoint their assistants, and all
other subordinate officers pertaining to their respect-
ive departments, subject to the approval of the Sen-
ate, on report to be made to that body if then in ses-
sion, or, if during the recess, at the next moeting
thereof, to hold for the like period, unless removed
with the like concurrence of that body.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I call for the yeas and
nays upon agreeing to the amendment to the
amendment.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, but before the result of the vote
was announced,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, called for tellers
upon ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wil-
liams and Hale were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes forty-one; noes not
counted.
So one fifth having voted in the affirmative,
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 77, nays 78, not voting
36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ancona, Anderson,
Baker, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bergen, Bingham,
Blaine, Blow, Boyer, Brandegee, Bundy, Campbell,
Cooper, Darling, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Denison,
Dodge, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Finck, Garfield, Gtoss-
brenncr. Goodyear, Hale. Aaron Harding, Hart, Hiso,
Hogan,Edwin N.nubbell.Hulburd.Hunter.Ingerson,
J enckes.Kasson, Kerr, Ketcham, KuykendalUliailin,
Latham, LeBlond, Marshall, Marston,Marvin.Maj -
nard, Niblaek, Nicholson, No oil, Patterson, Phelps,
Plants, Samuel J. Kandall, William H.Randall, Ray-
mond, Hitter, Rogers, Itoss, Sehenok, Shanklm, bit-
