1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1533
Now, the Executive was made independent
of the legislative department of the Govern-
ment for most important reasons and pur-
poses ; as can be readily seen by any gentle-
man who will consult the Madison Papers and
read the discussions with regard to the objects
and motives that the wise framers of the Con-
stitution had in view in separating the powers
of Government, and making the different de-
partments of it measurably independent of each
other.
Turn to the judicial department, and we find
the same relative independence secured to it
by the Constitution, and for the same reasons.
But we find here the same design on the part
of this Congress to destroy that independence
and to make themselves supreme, above both
the executive and the judiciary departments,
and above the Constitution itself.
This same Judiciary Committee have re-
ported a bill by which it is provided that
whenever the constitutionality of a law of
Congress is brought in question in any case
pending before the Supreme Court, or any
other court of the United States, such law of
Congress shall not be declared to be uncon-
stitutional except by the agreement in that
opinion of every judge upon the bench of that
court.
By that provision the efficiency and power
of the judicial department for all beneficial
ends and purposes is destroyed. A court, al-
though composed of more than one judge—
composed say of nine judges, as i3 the Supreme
Court of the United States, must nevertheless
be regarded and act as a unit, and the opinions
of the majority must of necessity be the judg-
ment of the court. A high court of errors and
appeals, like our Supreme Court, is properly
and wisely composed of nine men or more, in
order that the wisdom and learning and experi-
ence of several minds may be brought to bear
upon the great questions that come before them
for decision. But although composed of many
members, the court to be efficient must be a
unit, and whenever a majority of them pro-
nounce a judgment it must be regarded as the
judgment of the court.
It is revolutionary to provide by a law of
Congress that the Supreme Court of the United
States shall be controlled in its judgment by a
minority. The apparent design upon the face
of such a law is to give the minority control of
and rule over the majority of the court, pro-
vided the majority of the court have indicated
their opinion in opposition to the policy and
measures inaugurated by the legislative branch
of the Government. If the majority of the
court are opposed upon constitutional grounds
to innovations and usurpations on the part of
the legislative branch of the Government they
are to be controlled by the veto of any one
member of the court upon the judgment of the
majority.
Thus it will always be in the power of a de-
signing and corrupt Congress, of a Congress
that entertain deliberate purpose and plan
to overthrow constitutional government and
deprive the States of their reserved rights and
the people of their civil and religious liberty,
to control the judiciary by conspiring with one,
two, or three corrupt men upon the bench, who
will veto the decisions and opinions of the
majority of the court, and give the powers of
pronouncing final judgments to the minority
of judges.
Now, observe that by the second section of
this Army appropriation bill you make it a
grave offense for the President to transmit an
order through a subordinate officer of the Army
to any general commanding any portion of the
Army; you make it a penal offense, punisha-
ble by fine and imprisonment, for any person
to carry or communicate any such order.
Now, suppose a case of that kind was to
come up and a prosecution should be insti-
tuted against a subordinate officer for carrying
an order from the President, as the constitu-
tional Commander-in-Chief of the Artny, to a
general in the field without communieating it
through the General-in-Chief of the Army
located here in Washington; suppose a man
should be indicted for that; upon the trial of
the indictment the question would come up as
to the constitutionality of that second section
of the Army appropriation bill. That it is
grossly and manifestly a violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States no fsane man
who is a lawyer doubts for a moment. He
cannot doubt it, because it deprives the Presi-
dent of his power as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and lodges it substantially in a sub-
ordinate General of the Army. When the
question comes up for trial, it will be asked
where is the law that makes it penal for the
President to transmit an order to a general of
the Army in the field ?
This second section of the Army appropria-
tion bill will be referred to, and the court
looking at the section will pronounce it with-
out hesitation to be a nullity, not authorized
by the Constitution of the United States, and
! that the man indicted was merely the messen-
ger through whom the President, as he had the
constitutional power to do, transmitted an or-
der to a general of the Army in the field com-
manding him to perform this, that, or the
j other military operation. The majority of the
court decide that law to be unconstitutional,
which is the judgment of the court; but this
i bill will put it in the power of one judge to
| condemn that man to prison and inflict a
j heavy pecuniary penalty upon him against the
i judgment of the other eight judges, provided
I there be one judge upon the bench who is a
menial, plastic instrument in the hands of a
usurping majority in Congress to overthrow
constitutional government.
Sir, it is manifest that this Congress are
inaugurating and carrying out and passing by
a party majority a system of measures to over-
throw and subvert our Constitution and form
of government. And they do it for what?
They do it for the purpose of justifying them-
selves in instituting a military despotism over
ten States of the Union and disfranchising
eight or ten million people for the purpose
in fact, as it will turn out in the end, of de-
priving every man of the liberty of speech who
differs with them and does not subscribe to
their measures and doctrines and go with them
for the establishment of a despotic govern-
ment to be controlled by the radical majority
of Congress.
This determined purpose of the majority of
Congress to peipetuate their own power was
openly confessed by a gentleman from Tennes-
see and a gentleman from New York in their
speeches here. They confessed that their
design and purpose was to hold these people
of the South under military dominion and rule,
not alone until they were obedient to law, but
until their souls were enslaved, until the gov-
ernment of those States were put into the hands
of the radical Republicans, until not only the
officers of the State governments, but the Repre-
sentatives in Congress, were of the party whose
blood and treasure were expended to subdue
them. Now, gir, in regard to enslaving the
minds of those people that cannot be done.
You have dispersed their armies, effectually
suppressed the insurrection, and all armed and
organized resistance to the authority of the
Government of the United States, and the
Constitution and laws thereof has been quelled
and removed. And because you have hatched
up a great variety of false statements in regard
to the inefficiency of the judicial tribunals of
that portion of the country to suppress the com-
mission of crimes, because occasional offenses
are committed there as they are everywhere,
you make that a pretext for instituting thi3
military authority over them, which is to be
continued, upheld, and maintained until all
those States fall into the hands of negroes and
Radicals as voters, as officers of the State gov-
ernments, and as their representatives in both
the State and national Legislatures. That is
the design and purpose as professed by many
gentlemen on the other side of the House.
Now, in order to accomplish that object and
purpose, and to keep those States in that
unconstitutional condition, it will be necessary
for yon to get rid of the power and independ-
ence of the other two departments of the Gov-
ernment. And how do you propose to do
that ? The power of the executive department
of the Government is to be crippled by taking
away from the President the command of the
armies of the United States and substantially
vesting the control of the Army in the General-
in-Chief, whom I suppose you understand to be
with you in political opinions.
And the judicial department of the Govern-
ment is to be crippled by taking away from the
Supreme Court of the United States the power
which they have always possessed and exer-
cised. You propose to give to a minority of one
judge on the supreme bench the power to decide
between A and B against the opinion of the
majority. And how do you propose to do that?
By providing that not less than the whole num-
ber of the judges of that court shall have the
right to pronounce any act of Congress uncon-
stitutional. Suppose the validity of an act of
Congress is involved in the trial of a person
charged with crime ; and the result of that ques-
tion of validity is to determine the rights of th:it
person for good or evil, for punishment or dis-
charge, for life or death. The decision of the
question must result one way or the other in
reference to the party on trial. Suppose he has
been indicted for murder under a law of Con-
gress which is clearly unconstitutional. The
court below decides that the law is constitu-
tional and that the party should be condemned
as guilty. The case is brought up before the
Supreme Court of the United States, and there
according to the provisions of the bill referred
to, one judge may hold that the law is consti-
tutional, and the man is hanged ; although
eight of the nine judges on the Supreme bench
hold that the law is unconstitutional. All
that may result provided the question of the
validity of an act of Congress shall be involved
in the trial of the case.
And these States are to be disfranchised.
What an extraordinary thing is it to disfran-
chise States. A thing unknown to our Con-
stitution, a thing actually prohibited by our
theory of government. When a State has been
admitted into the Union, and has become a
party to the Federal compact between the
States, that compact is irrepealable and cannot
be broken but by violence. And it was because
it could not rightfully be broken by the States
which passed ordinances of secession you made
war upon them. Otherwise, if they had the
right to break the compact by secession, then
you had no right to make war upon them for
attempting so to do. It was because they
attempted to do that which they could not law-
fully do, and there arose in consequence an
insurrection in those States against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, that the war was
justifiable, if at all. On no other ground can
the war waged by the Federal authority against
those States be justified.
That war has been conducted to a successful
issue. The principle has been maintained that
when a State has once been admitted into the
Federal Union it can never rightfully get out
of the Union. It is true that by force of armies
in the field for a time the execution of the laws
of Congress and the enforcement of the Con-
stitution of the United States may be prevented.
For a time they may prevent the collection of
the Federal taxes ; and the governments of the
States may be placed under the control of men
who are opposed to the enforcement of the
laws of the united States within their borders.
But when that opposition is put down, when
that resistance is overcome, then the doctrine
of post limine applies and obtains. The Con-
stitution and laws of the United States then
flow over them again, flow of themselves over
them. As the resistance diminishes and re-
cedes the Constitution and laws flow up to
the resistance, and flow on as it recedes, until
when it is finally overcome and disappears the
Constitution and laws overspread the whole
country again, including all the States. And
it is the whole Constitution and all the laws
