1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
try will be satisfied with my vote. The ques-
tion which is the best system for the United
States remains to be settled. It has got to be
settled. It is not my habit to take a stand
astride both sides of any great controversy. I
am very apt to be found on one side or the
other of it. I belong on one side of this eon-
trovysy. I have indicated on which side of
the controversy I do belong. At some time
I shall find an opportunity of stating at some
length and with some particularity why I am
on that side.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Before the vote is taken
I desire to say in reference to my colleague
[Mr. Anthony] that he was yesterday and is
to-day confined to his house by indisposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas H, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Fessenden, Fogg, Foster, Harris,
Morgan, Morrill, Poland, Spraguo, Sumner, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—11.
NAYS —Messrs. Buekalew, Chandler, Conness,
Cowan, Cragin, Creswell, Dixon, DooUttle, Freling-
huysen, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson,
Iiirkwood, MeDougall, Nesmith, Patterson, -Ramsey,
Riddle, Saulsbury, Stewart, Van Winkle, Wade.Wil-
ley, and Y ates—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown,Cattoll, Davis,
Edmunds Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Howard, Lane,
Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, Boss, Sherman, and Trum-
bull—16.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. On page 47, in line one
hundred and forty-six of section nine, I move
to strike out " seven" and insert " ten," so as
to make the clause read: " On borax, refined,
ten cents per pound," instead of seven cents,
as the duty is now fixed in the bill. In this
connection I desire to call attention to the fact
that the present tariff law imposes on this arti-
cle a duty of ten cents; (hat the estimate of
the commissioner puts it at ten cents ; and that
in California we have a considerable deposit
and manufactory for producing this article, the
capital for the manufacture of which has been
invested under the present tariff as it now
stands; and I am well advised that it will
simply lead to the materialinjury, if not ruin, of
the establishment unless the rate be kept up to
what it is in the present tariff. I have in my
hand a dispatch from one of the gentlemen
interested in this manufacture, but at the same
time I will say one whose character stands so
high with those who know him that his state-
ment will not be questioned. I allude to Fred-
erick Billings, of California. I hope that this
change will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do iiot feel like making
any disturbance about this matter. It is true,
as the Senator states, that the present tariff
law fixes the duty at ten cents a pound, and
that rate was recommended by Mr. Wells ; but
we had before us some statements on the sub-
ject from persons appearing on the other side
which induced us to change the duty on borax
and put it as it is in the bill. If on the whole
the Senate think it proper to let it stand as it
is in the present tariff, I shall not make any
strenuous objection. I merely state the reason
why we changed it. We were induced to sup-
pose that the interest did not require so much
protection.
Mr. CONNESS. I knew that. The diffi-
culty in the case was that the parties inter-
ested on the other side had not an opportunity
to appear before the committee, and but one side
was heard. It is not the fault of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. Some other amendments
must necessarily follow to make the various
items consistent. On the same page, in line
one hundred and forty-five, I move to strike
out " three" and insert "five;" so as to make
the clause read:
On borax, crude or tincal, and on crude borates not
otherwise herein provided for, five cents per pound.
Five cents is the present rate, as well as the
rate recommended by the commissioner.
The amendment to the amendment was
to.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move in line one
hundred and forty-seven, on the same page, to
strike out "three" and to insert'" fiveso
as to read:
On boracic acid, crude, five cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. In line one hundred and
forty-eight, I move to strike out " eight" and
insert "fifteen;" so as to read:
On boracic acid, refined, hydrated, fifteen cents
per pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that amend-
ment will not be made.
Mr. CONNESS. That is the rate fixed in
the House bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that, but I
think that the House bill put it too high.
Mr. CONNESS. The recommendation of
the commissioner is twelve cents. I desire to
say in this connection that Professor Torrey,
who is good authority on the subject, says that
fifteen cents on the hydrated, and twenty-seven
cents on the anhydrous is equivalent to the
other rates in the present tariff.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know who
Professor Torrey is. He may be a very good
chemist, but I am not aware that he knows
everything that may be advisable with regard
to a tariff bill. I remember now distinctly
the ground on which we put these duties. It
was stated to us that there is one firm in
New York that has contracts for the California
borax and its products for a considerable
length of time, which gives* them the entire
control of it in the New York market. On
the other side we had a letter from that firm,
in which it was admitted that they had the
monopoly of it. It is an entire monopoly, and
the duties are so high as to keep everybody
else out. I think now that, on reflection, the
commissioner is satisfied with the changes we
made, and acceded to them, believing the duties
as we have placed them to be high enough. I
•shall not, however, make any objections to the
changes made by the Senator from California
as far as they have gone if he will be satisfied
with putting the hydrated at twelve cents and
the anhydrous at twenty-five, instead of fifteen
and twenty-seven, as ho proposes.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not like to make any
contest on these points against the honorable
chairman of the Finance Committee. I am
satisfied, whatever the parties in New York
referred to may do, that the California manu-
facturers have never made a dollar from their
investments up to this hour; and I am also
entirely satisfied that the rates proposed by me,
fifteen and twenty-seven cents, judging from
the statements made to me upon competent
authority, are the equivalent of ten cents upon
the refined. Boracic acid, hydrated and anhy-
drous, are the articles out of which the refined
borax is made; and unless a comparative rate
of duty is put upon these articles the result is
simply to let into the country at a lower rate
of duty the articles out of which the refined
borax is made, thus competing severely with
our products and with our manufacture. I
think that the motion I have made is entirely
right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not be
adopted.
The question being taken ; there were, on a
division—ayes ] 0. noes 11; no quorum voting.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think there is a quo-
rum present, as will be seen if the Chair will
put the question again. It is a pity if we have
to take the yeas and nays on every question.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not insist on the call.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to submit an ob-
servation in reply to what was said by the Sen-
ator from Maine.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Business
cannot proceed until the presence of a quorum
is ascertained. The vote just taken disclosing
the want of a quorum, no business can be done
until it is ascertained that a quorum is present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tie Chair flan, do that,
I suppose, by counting.
ThePRESIDENT.pro tempore, (after Count-
ing the Senators present. ) The Chair ascer-
tains by counting that there is a quorum .of the
Senate present.
^Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it in order.to proceed
with the debate upon this question now 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore-. Tie Ghaic .
ascertained the fact by counting, and announces
that a quorum is present. The Senator from
Vermont is now in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wish .to say re-
specting this subject of boracic acid, that it is
one of the substances out: of which the borax
which is used in trade is made;, and of late
years, as is_ stated in a very respectable book
on the subject of arts which I hold in my
hand, borax has been obtained by combining
native boracic acid with. soda. That is the
way now that borax is,made. Therefore, if we
wish to protect the manufacture of borax, it-is
necessary, in order to adjust this rate to .the
other rates that have been agreed upon, to
make the advance which is suggested by the
Senator from California.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will again put the question-. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia to the amendment made as in'Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 18, noes 7.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
not a quorum voting, but a quorum is present,
as the Chair has ascertained by actual count.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why cannot gentle-
men give themselves the trouble to stand up?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
thirty members present, and bat twenty-five
voting.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ■will let the amend-
ment go unless somebody objects. I "give it
up,"
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can-
not now be done. The last vote disclosed the
want of a quorum. The fact of there being a
quorum must be ascertained.
Mr, HENDRICKS. Can we not have a re-
count ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays being called for, the question will be
put upon seconding that call.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Cowan, Cragin,
Croswell, Dixon, Edmunds, Fowler, Frelinghuysen,
Harris, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Poland, Ramsey,
Stewart, Van Winkle, Wado, Willey, Williams, and
Yates—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown. Buekalew, Doolittle, Fes-
senden, Foster, Grimes. Henderson, Iiirkwood, Mor-
gan, Patterson, Saulsbury, Sprague, Sumner, and
Wilson—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cattel), Davis, Fogg,
Guthrie, Howard, Lane, McDougall, Morrill, Nes-
mith, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, Riddle, Ross, Sherman,
and Trumbull—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move on page
86 to strike out lines fifty-seven, fifty-eight,
fifty-nine, sixty, and sixty-one of section thir-
teen, and in lieu thereof to insert:
On soapstone, freestone, sandstone, granite, and
all building or monumental stones, except marble,
four dollars per ton ol thirteen cubic feet.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That amendment leaves
out paving stones and lets them come in free.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. An amendment
can be made on that point afterward. This
amendment relates principally to freestone,
which is found, as we know, in large quantities
in Connecticut, New Jersey, aud Ohio, and in
which business there is a large amount of cap-
ital now invested, and there-are several thou-
sand laborers employed, to whom a large
amount of money is annually paid by way of
wages. The freestone which is_ spoken of in
this amendment cannot be delivered in the
market for less than $1 35 a cubic foot, with a
