94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
greaves, Stilwell,Taber, Nathaniel it. Taylor, Nelson
Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John Jj. Thomas,
Thornton, Trimble, Andrew H. W ard, Elihu B. Wash-
burae, and Woodbridge—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Bidwell, Bromwell,Broom-
all, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb,Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Donnelly, Driggs.Eck-
ley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farquhar.Grinnell, Abner C.
Harding, Hawkins, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes,
Hotchkiss, Demas Hnbbard, John H. Hubbard, J ames
11. Hubbell, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Koontz, William
Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, McClurg, Mclndoe, McKee,
MeRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Moulton, Myers,
Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Pom-
eroy, Price, Alexander H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Sco-
field, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stokes,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Hamilton Ward, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wentworth, Williams, James 3?. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, ana Windom—78.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Bout-
well, Chanler, Culver, Davis, Delano, Deming,
Dixon, Dumont, Perry, Griswold, Harris, Hayes,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, George V. Lawrence,
Leftwich, Longyear, McCullough, Morrill, Morris,
Radford, John H. Rice, Rousseau, Stevens, Strouse,
Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Henry D. Washburn,
Whaloy, Winfield, and Wright—36.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr.Williams, which was to insert an addi-
tional section, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the heads
of the several Departments of the Government shall
hold their offices respectively for and during the
official term of the President by whom they were
appointed, unless removed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and shall
severally appoint their assistants and all other sub-
ordinate officers pertaining to their respective De-
partments, subject to the approval of the Senate,
on report to be made to that body if then in session,
or, if during the recess, at the next meeting thereof,
to hold for a like period unless removed with the
like concurrence of that body.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were, ayes 69, noes 60.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WILLIAMS called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 77, nays 81, not voting
S3 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, DelosR.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Beaman, Bidwell, Brom-
well, Broomall, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Delano, Don-
nelly, Driggs. Eckiey, Eggleston, Eliot, Farquhar,
Grinnell, Abner C. Harding, Hayes, Henderson, Hill,
Holmes, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Julian, Kelley,
Kelso, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Maynard, McClurg,
Mclndoe,Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Moulton,Myers,
Newell,O'Neill.Orth, Paine, Perham, Pomeroy, Price,
Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spald-
ing, Starr, Stokes, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Robert X. Van Horn, Hamilton
Ward, Welker, Wentworth, Williams, James i'.
Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—77.
NATS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anoona, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bergen,
Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boyer, Brandegee, Camp-
bell, Cooper, Darling, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees,
Denison, Dodge, Eldridgc, Farnsworth, Finck, Gar-
field, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Hale, Aaron Harding,
Higby, Hise, Hooper, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Kasson, Kerr, Ketcham.Kuyken-
dall, Laftin, Le Blond, Marshall, Marvin, McCul-
lough, McKee, MeRuer, Morrill, Nibiack, Nicholson,
Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Plants. Samuel J. Randall,
Raymond, AlexanderH. Rice, John H. Rico, Rittor,
Rogers.Ross, Schenck, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Stevens,
Stilwell.Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, An-
drew H. Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, William B.
Washburn, Windom, Woodbridge, and Wright—81.
NOT.VOTING—Messrs. Boutwell, Bundy, Chanler,
Culver, Davis, Deming, Dixon, Dumont, Ferry, Gris-
wold, Harris, Hart, Hawkins, Hogan, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D.Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Latham, Leftwich, Marston, Morris, Pike,
Radford, William H. Randall, Rousseau, Strouse,
Nelson Taylor, Warner, Henry D. Washburn,
Whaley, and Winfield—33.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, would
it be in order to move to postpone this bill
until to-morrow, with the direction that it be
printed, together with the amendments already
adopted, so that we may know the precise shape
in which it now is?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order. There are, however, two amendments
yet to be voted on.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will wait, then,
until they have been voted upon, and then I
will make the motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
include in his motion the substitute prepared
by the joint select committee on retrenchment,
and also the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will do so.
The SPEAKER. The next question is upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] to add a new section.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will modify my amend-
ment so that the section I propose to add will
read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That it shall be unlawful
for any disbursing officer or any officer having charge
of public money to pay any money out of the Treasury
of the United States or out of any contingent fund,
or out of any appropriation whatever, to any person
who has been orwho may hereafter be nominated by
the President to any office for the appointment to
which the advice and consent of the Senate is re-
quired by law, until the appointment of the person
so nominated shall have been confirmed by the Sen-
ate; and any public officer who shall pay or receive
any moneys, or advise or connive ift or consent to
the payment of any moneys, in violation of the pro-
visions of this act, shall be held guilty of a misde-
meanor in office, and on conviction thereof, by im-
peachmentor otherwise, shall besentenced to removal
from office, and shall pay to the United States asum
equal to the amount of moneys so paid or received,
to be recovered, with costs, by action of debt, in the
name and for the use and benefit of the United States.
This, I believe, will not come in conflict
with any other proposition. I can explain in
a few words what it is designed to accomplish.
I think no one will doubt the constitutional
right of Congress to enact such a provision. It
simply declares that whenever any person shall
be nominated by the President to an office, for
the holding of which confirmation by the Sen-
ate is necessary by law, the person so nomi-
nated shall not draw pay out oi the Treasury of
the United States or any fund belonging to the
United States until his nomination shall have
been confirmed by the Senate; so that, if one
man is turned out of office to make room for
another, the latter may feel that in assuming
the duties of the office he incurs the risk of
never getting any pay in case the Senate should
refuse to ratify the removal of his predecessor
and the appointment of himself. Ihus weshall
take away the chief motive which actuates men
in seeking to make merchandise of the public
offices of the United States, namely, "the
bread and butter."
The last part of the section makes it an
offense, a misdemeanor punishable by law for
any disbursing officer of the country, or any
officer having charge of any funds, or any
officer whatever, to pay out of any appropria-
tion or out of any fund belonging to the United
States, to any such person until he shall have
been confirmed by the Senate to the office to
which he has been appointed. It seems to me
we may clearly do this within the scope of the
Constitution. No one can doubt our right to
do it; and it is proper even to do it as the most
successful mode of taking the bread out of these
children's mouths, the childx-en of polities and
the children of party. I think it is the most
appropriate mode we can adopt.
Mr. MILLER. Does it cover vacancies
happening during the recess?
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will ob-
serve it does not cover the case of filling up a
vacancy happening during the recess. I call
his attention to the fact that my section as
di wn refers to appointments by the President
under the Constitution. It does not call for
an appointment when the vacancy happens in
the recess. It is then in the power of the
President to fill up the vacancy which happens,
temporarily to fill it up, whereas the section I
have drawn only refers to nominations made
by the President, that the persons so nomi-
nated shall not draw pay until they are con-
firmed by the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Does it prohibit tho drawing
of any warrant on tho Treasury?
Mr. GARFIELD. That might be well, but
if the money is never paid I do not think that
drawing of the warrant will be a serious matter.
Still I will make no objection if the gentleman
desires to make the modification.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to strike out the
following words in the fifth, sixth, and seventh
lines, " by impeachment or otherwise shall be
sentenced to removal from office and." '
Mr. Speaker, I make this motion for the
reason that it is expressly provided, and very
wisely, in the Constitution that the Senate of
the United States shall have the sole power to
try impeachments; and that "the President,
Vice President, and all civil officers of the
United States shall be removed from office on
impeachment for and conviction of treason,
bribery, or other high crimes and misdemean-
ors." This provision of the Constitution un-
doubtedly left the Senate of the United States
the only tribunal in the Republic to determine
what is an impeachable offense within the
meaning of the term misdemeanors. It is not
therefore competent for the Congress of the
United States to say any particular act made
punishable by statute is an impeachable mis-
demeanor; yet the bill so provides, by declar-
ing certain acts therein specified misdemean-
ors in office, and that on conviction thereof by
impeachment or otherwise the party convicted
"shall be sentenced to removal from office."
The five minutes of time to which I am re-
stricted precludes any fit discussion of this
important question. I admit that Congress
may declare official acts to be misdemeanors,
and as such indictable and punishable in the
civil courts, but I submit to my colleague
that while you may thus subject to imprison-
ment for life any civil officer on conviction,
you cannot empower the civil court to inflict
the sentence of removal from office. That
power is committed bv the Constitution to the
Senate. It is provided in the Constitution that
notwithstanding the impeachment of an officer
he shall be triable in the courts, and therein
subject to "judgment and punishment accord-
ing to law' yet it was never intended that the
power of removal from office for high crimes
and misdemeanors should be vested elsewhere
than in the Senate of the United States. Vest
this power of removal on conviction in the
civil courts, and it might result that the Sen-
ate after trial as a high court of impeachment
of an officer so sentenced by the civil court
might refuse to convict and sentence upon the
same state of facts.
If my colleague consents to strike the words
out as I have moved, I have no objection to his
increasing the penalty either by fine or imprison-
ment. 1 hope he will not insist on the words
being retained. If there is any power which is
exclusively vested in the Senate of the United
States as a high court of impeachment, it is the
power to determine upon their oaths whether
the offense charged is a high crime or misde-
meanor within the meaning of the terms as used
in the Constitution. It is not in the power of
Congress by statute to enlarge or to restrict the
causes of impeachment as declared in the Con-
stitution.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. GARFIELD. I was unable to hear the
first part of the gentleman's remarks, but I will
not object if he thinks it will make the section
more perfect to strike those words out. I
should be sorry however if it should be taken
as an indication that-such persons ought not to
be removed.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all.
Mr. GARFIELD. If we strike them out it
will make the sentence too light.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suggested if the sentence
is not heavy enough I wonld agree to add to it,
Mr. GARFIELD. I accept the modification.
Mr. HALE. I rise to propose an amend-
ment to the amendment by_ inserting in line
four, after the words " of this act," the words
"or of any other statute of the UnitedStates."
Mr. GARFIELD. That is well enough.
The amendment was agreed to.
