1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8S9
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That, is exactly
my idea. The capitalist can close his factory
and keep it closed for six months, but the
laborers and artisans must work or starve. It
is to the credit of the employers that they will
not force them to that predicament, but that
they come here and ask for a tariff which will
protect American labor and enable them to
pay such wages, as the mechanics are entitled
to receive. But even, on the statement of the
distinguished Senator, there is a vast difference
between the price of laborin Nova Scotia and
in the United States. If labor is in Nova Sco-
tia $1 50 a day, it is hero $2 2-5; but I am
informed that the price of labor there is much
lower than the sum stated, and that not more
than a dollar a day is paid in Nova Scotia.
The Senator is also in error, I think, a,s to
the prosperity of our quarries, for I have been
informed that for a course of years where they
are conducted by companies they have passed
dividends and returned no profit to those who
had their capital invested in them.
Mr. DIXON. The fact just stated by the
Senator from New Jersey is true to my knowl-
edge. During the continuance of the reci-
procity treaty these quarry companies did pass
their dividends entirely. The Senator from
Maine has stated that they were prosperous
under that treaty while they had no protection.
That is not the case; he has been misinformed;
and I will state now, without going further into
this subject, that it is, as the Senator from New
Jersey has said, wholly a question of the pro-
tection of American labor. The difficulty is
that the prices of labor are so greatly increased
by—I may almost say the action of the Govern-
ment—the consequences of the war, the infla-
tion of the currency, and the great internal
taxes ; all these causes which have raised the
expenses of living have increased the price of
labor so that they are paying now $2 50 a day
for laborers of the same class who are employed
in the Nova Scotia quarries at seventy-five
cents a day. It is perfectly evident that the
company cannot compete with the quarries of
Nova Scotia with that distinction in the prices
of labor, and all they ask is such a rate of duty
as shall make in some degree an equilibrium
with regard to labor. They ask for this amend-
ment four dollars per ton, or four dollars per
thirteen cubic feet of stone.
I notice by this bill that another article, which
is very similar,to this in many respects as a
building material, is taxed, the very lowest and
cheapest kind—I allude to marble—eight dol-
lars a ton. This is as much a luxury as marble;
it is used mainly for the facings of buildings:
a thin veneering of it is placed on a building
precisely as marble is used. I cannot see why
there should be so heavy a protective duty upon
marble and no proteetive duty upon this article.
The Senator from Maine said the other day
it paid no internal revenue tax. There again
the Senator is misinformed. Every bnilrling
which is erected of this stone or faced with this
stone is treated as a manufactured article and
pays a duty of five per cent., and the contractor
is obliged to consider that in his estimates, and
he does ; so that the Government receives upon
every one of these stone buildings or brown-
stone fronts aduty of five per cent, on the value
of this article.
Only a word more with regard to one jingle
point—for I do not feel able to say much at this
time—with regard to this being a building ma-
terial which ought not to he heavily taxed^ be-
cause we do not desire to discourage building.
There is a misunderstanding with regard to
that. A large portion of this stone is sold at
a very cheap rate; a very large portion of it is
actually given away; all the loose rubble-stone
is allowed to be taken from the quarries for
absolutely nothing. Then again, the large
blocks of stone which every Senator has seen
laid as the foundation of large buildings pay at
the quarry only one dollar a ton. It is sold at
that low rate. Why is it that the worked stone
is so much more expensive? For the very
reason the Senator from New Jersey has stated:
because of the labor rtpon it. After having
obtained it from the quarry you then place
upon it the labor of hewing and it rises in
value, and is sold at the quarry for one dollar
a ton, thirteen cubic feet, and in New York
at $1 35.
Now, with regard to the allegation tliatNova
Scotia stone is a better article, I will say as the
Senator from New Jersey has stated, that it is
a little easier wrought; and it is used some-
what for ornamental purposes; but I do not
think people will obtain any advantage by in-
creasing the importations of Nova Scotia stone
and destroying our own quarries. The result
of that would be to compel consumers to pay
the same rate that the Nova Scotia stone would
cost if our own brown-stone was excluded from
the market. When that happens the owners
of the Nova Scotia quarries will raise their
prices to probably just about the same that the
owners of the brown-stone quarries now ask.
If there is in this bill anywhere a question
of protection it is raised upont his very point.
The stone is valueless as it lies in the quarry,
and it only becomes valuable by a very large
amount of labor being bestowed upon it; and
for that reason we ask what I think is a rea-
sonable amount of protection, four dollars per
ton of thirteen cubic feet.
Mr. CATTELL. I desire, Mr. President, to
indorse all that was said by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance as to the care which was
bestowed by that committee on this bill, and
further to indorse the remark which he has
made, that the duties in this bill have been
very largely reduced from what they were in
the bill that came to us from the House; and
while I have in almost all cases voted with the
committee, I nevertheless think that there were
a few errors committed by the commitLee, that
there were some mistakes in the bill to be rec-
tified, and among then), in my judgment, is this
one in reference to stone. I so represented to
the committee my views. I believe that the
protection which is asked by the gentleman
connected with this interest is not more than
that accorded to other departments of indus-
try in the country, and no more than is abso-
solutely essential to the protection of the inter-
est; and as I am bound in this case, in accord-
ance with my own judgment, to vote against the
report of the committee, 1 felt a desire to explain
the reason.
While I am on my feet I wish to make
another remark, and that is with regard to the
assertions which have been so frequently made
during the course of this discussion that this is
an extravagantly high tariff. The Senatorfrom
Missouri ['Mr. Brown] does not call it a tariff
for protection ; he calls it a tariff for prohibi-
tion. Now, I have only to say that from a
careful observation of this tariff bill as reported
by the Finance Committee, in my judgment it is
not an advance of ten per cent, upon the duties
of the existing tariff, taking the whole tariff
through. The rates imposed by this tariff bill
do not add as much as the manufacturing
interests of this country directly and indirectly
are taxed by the internal revenue laws in ad-
dition to what they were taxed when the last
tariff bill was passed.
Gentlemen in the adjustment forget of this
tariff that there are an enormous number of
indirect taxations to which our people are sub-
jected. Gentlemen forget that the laborer here
cannot perform service upon the same terms
with the laborer in other countries, when every
article which he uses, everything which he
wears, everything that enters into his consump-
tion, except that which comes directly from God
Himself without charge, like water, is taxed:
and taxed for what ? Taxed by the very neces-
sities of your Government; taxed forthe pur-
pose of paying the expenses of sustaining; the
Government, and of having a Governmentthat
exists and that is worth having; and it is be-
cause these interests arc necessarily burdened
and taxed that we are obliged to place impost
duties on articles imported, so that they shall
be incidentally protected.
It has been stated by gentlemen on this floor,
in their desire that this bill shall be recommit-
ted to the Committee on Finance, that there
are errors and defects which should be cor-
rected. I respectfully submit to the Senate
that the Committee on Finance sat here during
the whole Christinas recess, five or six hours
per day, while other gentlemen were at home
enjoying themselves during the holidays, and
that the Senate and the country are indebted
to the distinguished chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance for the fidelity with which the
work has been done with regard to this bill.
I am not here to quarrel with gentlemen who
dispute the principles upon which the bill is
based, who deny, as the Senator from Iowa
does, the whole principle of protection to
American industry. It is an honest conviction
of his, and he has a right to enjoy that opinion,
and express it in the Senate. I honor him for
the boldness with which he does express it. I
have just the same right to express my own;
and I claim that the tariff bill before the Sen-
ate has been subjected to unjust charges, as
being an exceedingly high protective tariff.
The Finance Committee of this body in almost
every case, as has been stated by the chair-
man, with the exception of wools and woolens,
reduced the rates which were agreed upon by
the House; and be it remembered that at the
head of the Committee of Ways and Means
there is a gentleman celebrated all over the
country for his knowledge of these subjects,
and that the bill was worked up with a great
deal of care and consideration. In my judg-
ment some of the duties in that bill were too
high, and I concurred with the Committee on
Finance in their reduction. I believe this bill
as it comes to the Senate from the Finance
Committee is a better bill. Of course there
are some faults, some errors, some omissions;
and after the Senate shall have done with it it
will not be a perfect bill. But I assert that as
it came from the committee it was a good bill;
it was one which the country would have ap-
proved in its general features; 1 would have
been content with it. Nevertheless, there are
some points in which I differed from the com-
mittee ; some in which they differed from me,
and in regard to which I surrendered my judg-
ment ; and there are a few others where I
could not do so, and this stone question is one
of them.
Mr. President, as I had the floor for the pur-
pose of giving the reasons why, after a careful
examination of this subject, 1 was induced to
believe that this interest requires the protec-
tion of four dollars a ton, I thought I would
take the opportunity to express these views
upon the bill itself.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not desire to inter-
rupt the Senator from New Jersey in the re-
marks ho made, or else I shoald have stated
what I have stated on several occasions: that
he is entirely misinformed as to my views on
the subject of tariffs. I have never declared
that I was a free trader or that I was opposed
to the protection of American industry; on the
contrary, I have always avowed that I was in
favor of- a revenue tariff, with incidental pro-
tection to such branches of American industry
as needed the fostering care of the Govern-
ment ; and the question is between the Sen-
ator from New Jersey and myself as to what
these branches of industry are, and how these
duties can be property laid. I think they are
not properly laid in this bill; and the fact that
it required the Committee on Finance the whole
time during the recess to adjust what they
thought was a proper schedule of rates of
duties to be imposed by the bill is no evidence
that we should take it without thorough inves-
tigation and discussion, or that we ought to
take it at all; certainly not if our judgments
are convinced that they have not hit upon the
right scheme.
I do not know but that this constant iteration
and reiteration of the charge of free-trader
against me will finally lead me to believe my-
self that I am actually one, but I did not come
here with that conviction on my own mind,
and up to this time I have never avowed my*
self to be such.
