1536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
county of Doniphan, 111 the State of Kansas, Against
the reduction of the currency. __
By Mr. WINDOM: A memorial of Barkley Varner
and 34 others, citizens of Sand Creek, Minnesota,
asking an appropriation for the improvement of tu©
Minnesota river.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 25, 1867.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to dispense with the
reading of the Journal of Saturday.
Mr. BAKER. I object.
The Journal of Saturday last was then read
and approved.
Mr. CONKLING. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKE R. The first business in order
is the call of the States and Territories for bills
and resolutions for reference only, not to be
brought back by motions to reconsider.
national school of sciences.
Mr. CHANLER introduced a bill to estab-
lish a National School of Sciences; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
major james b. thompson.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill for the relief
of Major James B. Thompson ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs..
improvement of the des moines rapids.
Mr. FARNSWORTH presented the follow-
ing resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Illinois:
Whereas the Des Moines rapids of the Mississippi
seriously obstruct the navigation of said river, and
it is proposed to overcome those obstructions by a
canal, to bo located and constructed by and under
the authority of Congress : Therefore,
Resolved, That our Senators in Congress and our
Representatives be requested by all proper and
legitimate means to have such a survey made of
both the Iowa and Illinois sides of said river on the
Des Moines rapids, before the location of such canal,
as to demonstrate clearly on which side of said river
a canal can be constructed to the best advantage,
taking into consideration the length of the canal,
ease and expense of construction, advantages aa
well as obstructions to the free navigation of the
river; that they also endeavor to obtain the loca-
tion of said canal on this side of the river, if the
same can be done at the same expense and will be
of equal advantage to navigation as if constructed
on the Iowa side of the river.
h'esolved, That the Secretary of State forward to
each of our Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress a copy of the foregoing resolution.
F. CORWIN,
Speaker of the House of Representatives,
WILLIAM BROSS,
Speaker of the Senate.
The resolutions were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
jurisdiction ovelt hock island.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, introduced a
joint resolution in reference to jurisdiction
over Rock Island, ceded by the State of Illi-
nois to the United States Government; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
missouri—civil eights bill.
Mr. NOELL introduced a bill to extend the
rights and remedies of the civil rights bill to
the white citizens of Missouri; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
michigan harbor improvements.
Mr. BEAMAN presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Michigan, in
regard to harbor improvements; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, ask-
ing Congress for appropriations of money for
the following purposes, namely:
For the construction of a breakwater and
light-house in the harbor ^f Port Austin ;
For the survey of a harbor at the mouth of
Pent Water and Pere Marquette rivers; and
For survey of harbor at Alpena, at mouth
of Thunder Bay river, and for building a light-
house and making other improvements thereat.
The joint resolutions were severally referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
constitutional amendment.
Mr. PAINE presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, rati-
fying article fourteen of the Constitution of the
United States; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
united states shipping interests.
Mr. LYNCH presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Maine, relating
to the shipping interests of the United States;
which were referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
order of business. *
The SPEAKER. The call of States and
Territories for bills and joint resolutions on
leave, having been concluded, the next busi-
ness in order during the morning hour is the
call, in an inverted order, of States and Terri-
tories for House resolutions, commencing with
the State of Wisconsin, where the call rested
at the expiration of the morning hour of last
Monday.
redemption of bonds iield in europe.
Mr. BROMWELL. I offer the following
resolution, upon which I call the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be, and is hereby, instructed to inquire into and re-
port to this House the expediency of providing by law
for the issuing of bonds of the United States to an
amount not exceeding $500,000,000, bearing interest
at the rate of five per cent, per annum,payablesemi-
annually, and redeemable twenty years from date of
issue; the principal and interest payable at such
places in Europe as the Secretary of War may deter-
mine, and in the coin of the country where payable:
said bonds when issued to be disposed of only in ex-
change for six per cent, interest-bearing bonds of
the United States held in Europe.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes twenty-seven, noes not
counted.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
eight-hour system op labor.
Mr. CULLOM. I send to the Clerk's desk
a resolution to be read, and I ask the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary [Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,] to it as it is
being read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee of this
House be instructed to report a bill as early as prac-
ticable providing that eight hours shall be a legal
day's work for all Government employes within the
jurisdiction of the United States.
Mr. WILSON of Iowa. I desire to state to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cullom] that
that resolution is unnecessary, inasmuch as the
Judiciary Committee have instructed me to
report a bill of that character, and the House
has given me leave to report the bill at any
time. I have been holding back the report
because it could not be considered by the
House in the present stage of its business. As
soon as the business of the House is in such
condition that the report can be made and
considered it will be reported.
Mr. CULLOM. I have had this resolu-
tion on my desk for some time, desiring to
offer it, and have been waiting on the Judiciary
Committee to report. As they had not done
so, I proposed to offer it now. But after the
statement made by the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] I will withdraw it.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentlemen from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] that dur-
ing the last week of the session, although
reports of committees authorized to report at
any time, or motions to reconsidenwre highly
privileged, it is very difficult to find time when
those matters can be considered.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. So I understand;
I learned that by the experience I acquired
in regard to the indemnity bill.
alleged corruption of members.
Mr. HILL. I submit the following pream-
ble and resolutions, upon which I call the pre-
vious question:
Whereas the integrity of members of this House in
the discharge of their official duties is ot the utmost
importance to the public; and whereas charges
affecting that integrity ought not to bo preferred
upon this floor exccpt upon the gravest reason; and
whereas the following preamble and resolution were
introduced by Hon. John Wentworth, a member of
this House, on the 16th instant, namely:
"Whereas the President of the United States hafl
been impeached by a member of this House of high
crimcs and misdemeanors, and the Committee^ on
the Judiciary have been instructed to examine into
the facts upon which said impeachment-was based,
with power to send for persons and papers, and report
them to this Hou^e in order, if thought warrantable,
that the President may be arraigned for trial thereon
by the Senate; and whereas while the Committee
on the Judiciary are examining witnesses with rela-
tion to said high crimes and misdemeanors of which
the President has been impeached, with a view ot
making a report to this House for its disinterested
action, it has for s >mo time been rumored and has at
last been asserted in public newspapers that certain
members of this House, who are bound to act impar-
tially upon the report of said committee when pre-
sented, are now holding, and have been for some timo
holding, private meetings with a view to a corrupt
bargain, whr-ieby, in violation of their oaths, they
have pledged and are pledging themselves in ad-
vance to act adversely to said report if unfavorable
to the President, and also to act adversely to certain
other measures pending before this House to which
they have heretoforo been favorable, provided tho
President himself will do certain things to which ho
has heretofore declared himself hostile, and refrain
from doing certnin things to which he has heretofore
declared himself favorable: Therefore,
"Itesolved, That a select committee of three bo
instructed to inquire whether any such meetings
have been held for any such corrupt purposes, what
members of this House have attended the same,
what persons besides members of Congress have
attended them, what persons have carried communi-
cations from those members to the President, and
from the President to them, and what has been the
nature of such communications; and also that said
committee report at the earliest practicable day the
result of their inquiries, and that they also report
such resolutions for the action of the House as they
may deem necessary for the preservation of its honor
and independence; and that said select committee
have power to send for persons and papers and ex-
amine witnesses under oathTherefore,
Jiesolved, That the select committee of three ap-
pointed under said resolution be instructed to report
immediately after the reading of the Journal to-
morrow any evidence that may be in possession of
said committee, or any member thereof, relating to
the corrupt bargain referred to in the preamble to
said resolution.
Resolved, further, That Hon. John Wentworth be
requested at the same time to furnish to this House
the newspaper assertions and a statement of the
rumors in relation to said corrupt bargain referred to
in the preamble to said resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. This is a most extraordi-
nary resolution. 1 move that it be laid on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to; there being—
ayes 34, noes 63.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the preamble and resolutions were
agreed to.
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the preamble and resolutions were
adopted, and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
suffrage in district of columbia.
Mr. NIBLACK. I submit the following
resolution, on which I demand the previous
question ;
Resolved, That the Committee for tho District of
Columbia be, andishereby,instructed to report a bill
conferring the elective franchise within the said Dis-
trict on all foreign-born male persons over the age of
twenty-one years who are entitled to naturalization
under existing laws, and who have resided one 5'ear
within the District and have declared their intentiou
to become citizens of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. Is this resolution one , of
inquiry or instruction?
The SPEAKER. It is a resolution of in-
struction.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that it be laid on
the table.
Mr. NIBLACK. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
