860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Mr. CRAGIN. Some three or four years
ago, when I was acting as an agent of the Treas-
ury Department, I had occasion to visit the
quarries in Connecticut, at Portland,Mbr the
purpose of making investigations there as to
the charge of fraud, against the importers oT
Nova Scotia stone, and. while there I became
fully satisfied and convinced that the quarry
there could not prosper under the reciprocity
treaty which then existed. The works were
languishing and almost absolutely doing noth-
ing.
All the questions that have been presented
here in connection with this subject were there
discussed aud investigated. Very few mem-
bers of the Senate, perhaps, understand the
magnitude of these works. Some $1,700,000
are invested there, and from twelve to fifteen
hundred men, in prosperous times, are em-
ployed upon these quarries, and the owners of
the quarries own some hundred vessels that
reach these quarries on the Connecticut river
to transport their products. It appeared in
that investigation that the stone in Nova Scotia
was easier wrought and gotten out of the quar-
ries much cheaper than this in Connecticut;
and the labor there being cheaper they were
of course unable to undersell in our markets
the producers of this stone in Connecticut. So
far as other quarries are concerned, I am not
personally acquainted with them. I rose merely
to correct the impression that these quarries
were prosperous under the reciprocity treaty.
They certainly were not at the time that I
visited them.
The question being put; there were, on
a division—ayes 12, noes 10; no quorum
voting.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cragin,
Dixon, Edmunds, Fogg, Foster, Fowler, Frelinghuy-
sen, Howe, Kirkwood, Trumbull, V«m Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Wilson, and Yates—IB.
N AY S—Messrs. Buekalew, Fessenden, Harris, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Morgan, Morrill, Norton J'atter-
eon, Riddle, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, and Wil-
liams—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cowan, Cres-
well, Davis, Doolittle, Grimes, Guthrie, Howard,
Johnson, Lane, McDougalf, Nesmith, Nye, Poland,
Pomeroy, liamsey, Ross, Saulsbury, and Stewart—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to strike out
lines seven and eight of section seven, on page
25, and in lieu of them to insert:
On old metal scrap iron, four dollars per ton.
On old wrought scrap iron, eight dollars per ton.
I am satisfied that there is a misapprehen-
sion on the part of the Committee on Finance
and its chairman in regard to this subject.
The Senator from Maine, in his remarks' the
other day, said:
" Then the other iron manufacturers said this is not
to be considered at all with reference to the price of
pig iron; in reality the pis iron that is imported
does not come in competition with any of our iron
that we manufacture. The pig imported is the soft
Scotch pig metal that is not to be found in this coun-
try, is not made in this country, it does not come
into competition; but so far as wo are concerned wo
would just as lief you should put the pig metal down
to three dollars if you ohoosc, but that was put up
tor the purpose of revenue and was kept up for that
particular reason.
"Under these circumstances,with that object, itwas
thought best to put old scrap iron at what they said
was enough, and. that is three dollars per ton on both
descriptions, ihey said another thing, that there
are a great many rolling-mills established on the
Atlantic border, in New York and Massachusetts and
some in Maine—I believe one or perhaps two. They
have to bring their iron to the mills and pay freight
on it, whereas the manufacturers of iron in Pennsyl-
vama and other places have their iron and their coal
at their door. They came to the conclusion, and they
paid that was the foundation of the resolution of the
Iron and Steel Association sent to us, that it was no
more than fair that it should come .in at the same
rate, that it is sufficiently guard-ed by the proviso we
put in. That old iron has to be remanufactured."
I think the chairman of the Committee on
Finance would never have made that argument
if he had really understood the workings o,f
the proposition. I hold in my hand a letter
addressed to the Senator from New Jersey by
a .gentleman largely.interested in the manufac-
ture of iron, which I will read:
Office Huntingdon and Beoad Top Mountain
Railroad Company,
Philadelphia, January 28,1867.
Deap. Sib : Excuse me for calling your attention to
the low •duty in the tariff bill now before the Senate
on scrap iron, three dollars per ton on cast and
wrought scrap. This will be disastrous to the manu-
facture of pig iron, in which this State and New Jer-
sey-have such a large interest. Cast scrap should not
pay a less duty than six dollars per ton and wrought
scrap from nine to twelve dollars. The rail mills are
the great buyers of pig iron now, but under this bill
they would import English scrap nearly entirely for
their mills.
Hoping that you will see the necessity of protecting
the great Pennsylvania interests, iron and coal, I
remain Yours truly, -
L. T. WATTSON, President.
Hon. A. G. Cattell.
It is not true as was stated by the Senator
from Maine, he is mistaken as to the fact, that
the iron and coal are together even in Penn-
sylvania. The State of Pennsylvania takes
about three hundred thousand tons of Lake
Superior ore to mix with her inferior ore, and
transports it by water some seven or eight hun-
dred "miles and afterward by land carriage, a
very expensive carriage, from fifty to three hun-
dred miles. This ore is mixed with the Pennsyl-
vania ores and transported there a long dis-
tance at a very great expense. To-day the
great demand for pig iron is for rolling. It
costs the manufacturers a.ton of scrap iron to
take the ore and the coal from the mine: call-
ing the material nothing it costs to-day sixty
dollars a ton—every cent of which is labor—
to make a ton of scrap iron. To make a ton
of pig costs just about half as much. Pig iron
has gone through one process; it has been put
into the blast-furnace and gone through one
process ; but before it is fit for rolling it has'
to be puddled and go through another process
yet more expensive than manufacturing it into
pig. After this second process, which actually
costs on an average throughout the United
States to-day sixty dollars per ton in labor,
counting the material nothing, you propose to
give a protection of three dollars or five per
cent.—five per cent, on scrap.
There is another way of manufacturing this
iron, and that is by what is called blooming it.
That has to be done with charcoal, which is a
very expensive fuel; and while it makes the
best iron, it goes through but one single pro-
cess and comes oilt in the form of blooms, and
then is ready for the rollers; and that costs
even more than this other double measure
which costs sixty dollars. The wrought iron,
the Senator says, has to go through a process
of manufacture, and that he thinks is a suf-
ficient protection. Now, what is that process
of manufacture through which wrought scrap
iron has to go ? They take little boxes hold-
ing what is called a bloom, heat an oven to
the requisite degree, shove these boxes of
bloom into that oven until they have reached
not a white heat but a welding heat; they are
then .brought out and put under the trip-ham-
mer, and are ready for the rolling-mill. In
other words, I can take wrought scrap, and in
one half hour, and without scarcely any ex-
pense, prepare it for the rollers, for they are
not obliged even to use fuel in this prepara-
tion where the blast-furnace is in operation,
for they use the heated gas from, the blast-
furnace to heat the oven, and the labor is
scarcely _ anything. In other words, this
wrought iron is just prepared for the rolling-
mills with no expense save the heating of the
iron to the requisite extent to enable it to pass
through the rollers. It, in point of fact, is
worth twenty-eight dollars a ton for,rolling-
mill purposes more than pig metal, for you
have to put the pig metal through the puddling
process, which costs twenty-eight dollars a ton
to put it in the same shape and form which the
wrought scrap is in when it is landed upon
your shores.
I do not think it possible that the Committee
on Finance could have understood the opera-
tion of their amendment op this point, or they
•never would have offered it. The Senator from
Maiae says that this is a very small item, that
only 14,000 tons were imported last year. The
reason why only 14,000 tons were imported
last year was bccausc we had a duty that kept
it out. It was profitable to import 14,000 tons
last year at a duty of eight dollars a ton; but
if you reduce it to three dollars the result will
be to make this country the grand receptacle
of all the scrap iron in the world. Now, sir,
look at the figures and see whether this is an
insignificant matter.
There are in the world to-day 100,000 miles
of railroad, of which 36,000 miles are in the
United States and 64,000 miles in the rest of
the world. These railroads are laid, on an
average, with rails weighing fifty-six pounds to
the yard, and use 49,000 tons net to the mile.
The 64,000 miles of railroad abroad have con-
sumed 3,136,000 tons or 6,272,000,000 ofpounds
of iron. This has to be rerolled on an average
once in ten years; consequently there is one
tenth of that amount of scrap iron let loose
upon some country every year. That would
give the amount of railroad scrap alone at
313,600 tons per annum or 6,272,000 pounds,
which you propose to admit at a duty of three
dollars a ton, and which costs to-day to put it
in the form of scrap iron sixty dollars a ton in
the United States.
Sir, this is free trade in the broadest sense;
and it is worse than that. I call the attention
of the Senator from Maine to the fact that if
you admit this vast amount of scrap iron at a
low duty you will receive no duties on iron
except what you receive on the scrap; nothing
but scrap will be imported. This is gotten up
by the rolling-mills for their special benefit,
and the Committee on Finance have been
fooled—I beg leave to be respectful; I will
not use so strong a word; I will say deceived
by these rolling-mill men. It is the most judi-
cious and ingenious thing I have ever seen in
my life for the interests of the rolling-mills. I
have been told that there was a combination
formed of some six or eight, or perhaps more,
rolling-mills on the Atlantic coast to have free
trade so far as their interests were concerned;
and the Senators from Massachusetts during
the last week have been pressing you to carry
out the views of this combination in regard to
coal. They propose to bring coal into Massa-
chusetts from the British Provinces at a nom-
inal duty. That has been voted down, and I
hope this scrap part of the committee's bill will
be too, for it is part of the same scheme. Both
propositions together bring in foreign coal and
foreign iron almost free; and for the benefit
of whom? Of the rolling-mills, and to the sac-
rifice of your revenue and to the sacrifice of
every other iron interest in the United States.
Look for a moment at this bill, for the Sen-
ator from Maine admits that the committee
changed it at the request of the rolling-mills.
They had agreed on eight dollars a ton, just
what I propose to place it at, which is not
enough; but at the request of these highly pat-
riotic rolling-mill men they made the change.
Now let us see what the effect of that change is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg leave to say to
the Senator with entire respect that if he will
keep within the limits of what I did say I
shall be obliged to him. I did not say any-
thing about its being changed at the request of
the rolling-mill men.
Mr. CHANDLER, The Iron and Steel
Association ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, I said that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not wish to mis-
represent the Senator. They are the rolling-
mill men. Now, sir, see the disinterested
patriotism of this Iron and Steel. Manufac-
turer's Association. They propose to let in at
three dollars three hundred thousand tons of
scrap iron from railroads alone annually, which
it would cost sixty dollars a ton in labor alone
to manufacture here. You are to let in iron
for the rolling-mills at three dollars a ton,
ready to go through the roller with one heat.
But what do these patriotic individuals pro-
pose? I read from the bill:
On iron in pigs, nine dollars per ton.
They are going certainly to protect the man-
