1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1537
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes nineteen, noes not counted.
Mr. FINCK. I call for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Niblack
and Stevens were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-six, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered. *
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 47, nays 80, not voting
57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell, Baldwin,
Banks, Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwell, Broomall,
Cook, Dawes, Dodge, Farnsworth, Garfield, (jrin-
nell, Hawkins, Henderson, Holmes, Hooper, Jolin
II. llubbard, Jenckes, Kelley, Kelso, LaUin, Loan,
Lynch, Miller, Myers, O'Neill, Perham, Pike, Wil-
liam II. Randall, Raymond, John II. Rice, Rollins,
Sehenck, Scolield, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes,
Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, William
B. Waihbtlfai, Welker, and Williams—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, Baker,
Beaman, Bergen, Boyer, Bromwoll, Buekland, Camp-
bell, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conk-
ling, Cooper, Cullom, Darling, Davis, Dawson, De-
frees, Donnelly, Eggleston, Eldridge, Farquhar,
Ferry, Finck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Aaron Hard-
ing, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hayes, Iligby, Hill,
Hise, Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Julian, lvasson, Kerr,
Ketcham, Kuykendall, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, LeBlond, LefUYich, Longyear,Mar-
shall, Marvin, Mclndoe, Melvee, McRuer, Moor-
head, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Orth,
Paine, Plants, Price, Ritter, Sawyer, Shanklin,
Shellabarger, Sitgreavcs, Sloan, Stilwell, Sfrouse,
Taber, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, John L. Thomas,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Went-
worth, Whaley, James F. Wilson, Windom, Win-
field. and Wright—86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler, Culver, Delano, Dem-
ing, Denison, Dixon, Driggs.Dumont, Eckley, Eliot,
Griswold, Hale, Hart, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter,
Jones, lvoontz, Latham, Marston, Maynard, Mc-
Clurg, McCullough, Mercur, Morrill, Morris, Moul-
ton, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel
J. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, Rogers, Ross, Rous-
seau, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Robert T. Van Horn, Andrew.il. Ward, Elihu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Stephen F. Wil-
son, and Woodbridge—57.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurred on seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, if the pre-
vious question be not seconded, will it be in
order to move to refer the resolution without
instructions?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I hope the pre-
vious question will not be seconded.
The previous question was not seconded,
there being—ayes 30, noes 77.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out the words "to report "
and inserting in lieu thereof the words "to
inquire into the expediency of reporting."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to debate the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Debate arising, the reso-
lution goes over under the rule.
claims of loyal tennesseeans.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I offer the
following resolution, on which I demand the
previous question:
Whereas the Government of the United States can-
not, without a violation of the national Constitution,
appropriate to public use the property of its citizens
without just compensation; and whereas many loyal
citizens of Tennessee have been greatly damaged and
in some cases impoverished by the military seizures
of their property and its use and consumption by the
United States forces, and are now greatly suffering
by reason of the failure of the Government to com-
pensate them: Therefore,
Resolved, Thatthe Committeeof Claims berequired
to report to this House at an early day a bill estab-
lishing a commission to investigate, adjudicate, and
fettle the claims of the loyal people of Tennessee
against the Government of the United States growing
out ol the operations of the national Army and Navy
during the late rebellion; said commission to adjudi-
cate and settle said claims upon principles of equity
and justice.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
twenty-three, noes not counted. .
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Taylor, of
Tennessee, and Mr. Rollins were appointed.
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 97.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 33, noes 65.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. ROLLINS rose to debate the resolution,
and it went over under the rules.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I ask leave to
offer another resolution under this call.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
soldiers and sailors op the avar of 1812.
Mr. COOPER submitted the following reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question on
its adoption:
Resolved, That the surviving soldiers and sailors
of the war of 1812-15 ought to be placed upon the
pension-rolls of the United States by this Congress.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
thirty, noes not counted.
Mr. COOPER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cooper and
Mr. Washburn, of Massachusetts, were ap-
pointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 59, noes 31.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
now put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. COOPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
the monroe doctrine.
Mr. CAMPBELL submitted the following
preamble and resolutions, and demanded the
previous question on their adoption :
Whereas the announcement and continued pro-
mulgation of the Monroe doctrine by the Govern-
ment of the United States of America have been a
powerful support to the republican Government in
Mexico: Therefore,
lie it resolved, That humanity, civilization, and
Christianity enjoin upon the Government and peo-
ple of tho United States the duty of persistently
insisting upon the observance by tho belligerent
Powers in Mexico of all those wise principles of the
international laws of war which have been accepted
and observed by all civilized and Christian nations
for the mitigation and amelioration of the hardships
and horrors of the state of war.
Resolved, That the Congress of the United States
of America cannot look with any toleration upon
the violation of all the rights of person and property
appertaining to neutral, non-combatting foreigners
in Mexico, and especially citizens of the United
States sojourning in that country.
Resolved, That the President of the United States
is hereby requested to communicate copies of this
preamble and these resolutions to the several chiefs
of the belligerent Power3 waging war in Mexico.
The previous question was not seconded;
only nineteen voting in the affirmative.
Mr. CULLOM moved that the preamble and
resolutions be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs; and on that motion demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion was agreed to.
mrs. m. l. bybee.
Mr. LEFTWICH submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of restor-
ingthename of Mrs. M. L. Bybee, of Memphis, Ten-
nessee, to the pension-roll.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
john h. osler.
Mr. BINGHAM. Under this call I intro-
duce a bill for the relief of Lieutenant John
H. Osier, and ask it be now put on its passage.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the payment to John H. Osier,
late first lieutenant of the twenty-sixth regi-
ment Ohio volunteer infantry, of pay as first
lieutenant of infantry from 9th of December,
1864, to 27th March, 1865, together with three
months' extra pay, and pay of first lieutenant
from the 1st of July to the 8th of October,
1865.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That bill ought not
to pass without some investigation.
Mr. BINGHAM. This officer is entitled to
every dollar of it under the law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, then, does he
not get it?
Mr. BINGHAM. Having been wounded on
the field he was unable to take care of his own
property, and his trunk and papers were car-
ried off; so he cannot make return of ordnance
stores, &c. I hold the certificate of the adju-
tant general of Ohio in my hand; there is no
doubt of the matter. I demand the previous
question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
54, noes 45.
Mr. CONKLING called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Bingham
and Mr. Conkling were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 56, noes 62.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Then, on motion of Mr. BINGHAM, the bill
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
contraction of the currency.
Mr. MORRILL obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. ROLLINS, who asked unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That this House cordially concurs in the
views of the Secretary of the Treasury in relation to
the necessity of a contraction of the currency, with a
view to as early a resumption of specie payment as
tho business interests of the country will permit; and
we hereby pledge cooperative action to this end as
speedily as practicable.
Objection was made.
internal revenue frauds.
Mr. DARLING, from the select Committee
on Internal Revenue Frauds, authorized to
report at any time, submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DARLING. Mr. Speaker, I rise with
no little embarrassment to address myself to a
subject which has employed so much of the
time and research of the best minds of all
countries—the subject of raising revenue by
taxation; the tax upon distilled spirits being
always regarded as one source from which the
largest possible amount of revenue should be
derived, as if by the common consent of man-
kind it has everywhere and in all times been
treated as a luxury, or one of those non-essen-
tials, which attaching itself so closely to the
passions and appetites of men that no amount
of impost could destroy it, has consequently
been made the stalking horse to bear the
chiefest of national burdens. I do not now
call to mind a single people who do not make
it the leading subject of taxation. And in this
connection it will not be inappropriate or unin-
teresting to the House or country to examine
the statistics connected with its history, not
only in our own country, but also that of other
countries, and to note the various modes and
methods by which it has been treated, to the
end that thereby we may gain knowledge to
guide us in our legislation on this subject. It
should, however, be borne in mind that in a
Government like ours the people are averse to
those appliances which are the ready resort of
despotic or less liberal Governments than our
own, and that in selecting a system for our-
selves we should not lose sight of our organic
constitutions and the principles of free govern-
ment on which they are founded, not that we
lack the power possessed in more centralized
forms of government, for with us the supreme
will is law, but that our modes and forms of
execution have hitherto been of so mild a
type, so in consonance with popular convic-
tions, that obedience to law was the willing
tribute of the citizen rather than the forced
compliance of the subject.
But our necessities, the inexorable demands
of our Treasury, a legacy of the great rebellion,
has brought us to other times. We have now
