98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not desire to be
lieard oil the subject.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the amendment of the
Senator from Connecticut be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Dixon, which was to insert at the end of the
first section of the committee's amendment the
following proviso:
Provided, That no person who has not heretofore
voted in this District shall be permitted to vote
unless he shall be able at the time of offering to vote
to read and also to write liis own name.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I do not
know what I might say if this were really an
intelligence qualification; but of the fact that
the ability of a man merely to write his own
name and read it is intelligence I am not in-
formed. One of my friends near me suggests
that it is not even necessary that this writing
which he is to read should be in the EnglisS
lapguage; it is not even necessary that it should
be m any; language other than that of the per-
son who is supposed to be able to read. But,
Mr. President, to be serious about this thing,
what kind of a qualification is it for the exer-
cise of the duties of an American citizen that
he be able to read and write his own name?
To write a man's name is simply a mechanical
operation, it may be taught to anybody, even
people of the most limited capacity, in twenty
minutes; and to read it afterward certainly
would not be very difficult. I have the high-
est respect for the sagacity, the intelligence,
and the statesmanship of my honorable friend
from Connecticut, [Mr. Dixox,] but I really
(why it is 1 am not prepared to say now) can-
not see the force of this qualification which he
proposes to attach to negro suffrage.
I understand that in Massachusetts—and, by
the by, I may as well remark that Massachusetts
is "the hub of the universe," even so far as
Maine is concerned, and that it is from Massa-
chusetts that we are now to derive all our ideas,
particularly upon the subject of Government
and upon new reforms—I understand that in
Massachusetts a man is not only required to road,
but he is required to read the Constitution of the
United States. Whether he is required to und er- _
stand it or no, I am not prepared to say, I am
not informed; but I suppose that even Massa-
chusetts herself would not pretend that it was
any kind of qualification for a man to read
unless he understood, because that has been
the difficulty in all ages from the earliest times.
The thing was not only to read, but to under-
stand. Now, if it be the case thatin Massachu-
setts a man must read the Constitution and
must understand it—I mean not only under-
stand the words in the Constitution but their
significance in the connection in which they are
found there—then I agree that I will admit and
I will go heart in hand for every man as a voter
who can do that. The man who can read the
Constitution of the United States and who can
understand it, understand its words, its mean-
ings, its phrases, is qualified not only to be an
American citizen but I should say he would be
very well qualified for a seat upon this floor;
because I think I have met Senators here who
failed to recognize any difference between a
bill of attainder and an attainder for treason.
I think I have found here that Senators failed
to recognize what was meant by an ex post facto
law. I have seen here that Senators were
defective in a great many respects so far as
constitutional learning is concerned. "
.But the idea of setting up this mere mechan-
ical art of writing a man's name and being able
to read it as a standard, to me is mockery.
Such an intelligence qualification as a general
rule is a mockery. If you ask the radical side
of this House to-day whether it is for want of
intelligence that they complain of their oppo-
nents, they will tell you "No; those conserva-
tive fellows can read and write as well as any-
body; some of them-really are very learned
men; some of them have grasped the whole
range of the sciences; it is not because they
cannot read and write; it is not because the
avenues of knowledge are not open to them
but what a parly always complains of on the
part of its opponents is that they are rascals;
they intend to destroy the country, they intend
to overturn its institutions, they intend to de-
stroy liberty, and on the whole they are the very
incarnation of concentrated diabolism 1 It is
not because people do not know that they are
supposed to be_ Incapable of performing their
duties as American citizens—I mean the mass
of them—it is because they are supposed to be
perverse, they are supposed to be malignant,
they are supposed to be so far impregnated with
that general malice which makes them oppose
that which is a good thing if it comes from their
opponents, just as I was encountered the other
day in starting a very good thing. It was op-
posed by a great many persons because it came
from mo. That illustratsaexaetly the position
of the great parties of the country. "No good
thing can come out of Nazareth" was the old
cry. We have a man in my town who is partic-
ularly obnoxious to some people; and they do
not take any newspapers; they do not read
anything about politics; but on the morning
of the election they come into town and inquire
how he is going to vote, and they vote on the
other side. You see how cheap that is, how
easy it is, how much it saves, how much of
trouble and turmoil and difficulty and conten-
tion you get rid of by adopting some simple
method of that kind when you come to deter-
mine whether you will support a particular pro-
ject or not. There are other people that you
know of, perhaps, and I, too, who use the same
economical method of preparing themselves for
political duties, but in a different form, by tak-
ing for instance some exceedingly intelligent
gentleman as my friend from Iowa; and coming
into town in the morning and asking, "Howis
Mr. Grimes going to vote? Mr. Grimes is a
sound man, lam going to vote just as he votes."
All these methods are resorted to; but I
believe that I have never yet encountered any
difficulty upon the score of reading and writing,
and particularly reading and writing a man's
name, which, as it has been suggested, may be
in a foreign language, may be in a language
utterly unknown to anybody except the writer.
If he chooses to say there is such a language
as that in which he writes, how are you to
determine it?
I feel constrained to vote against the quali-
fication proposed by the honorable Senator
from Connecticut. I do so moved by the con-
siderations which I have stated. I do so more
from a feeling of the utter insufficiency, the
utter inadequacy of his qualification. If I had
been consulted as to the proper safeguard to
throw about this privilege which we are to
grant to the colored citizens of this District, I
would have desired another one, a very differ-
ent one, and one for which I think there are
more precedents even than for the one he
has chosen 'to father and adopt; and that is
that no'person should be admitted to this priv-
ilege who had voluntarily given aid or encour-
agement to the recent rebellion. I think that
would be proper, because I have learned—•
whether from authentic sources or not I cannot
say, not being sufficiently acquainted to deter-
mine—that a great many colored people of
this District really sympathized with the South
in its late struggle for independence, and if
they had any favors whatever to bestow would
have given them in that direction, and that in
many cases they really did. Whether they
aided the discomfited confederate upon the
same principle that they helped our prisoners
and our unfortunate soldiers down South, I
cannot say; but it is pretty clear that there
arc people of that class ; and if the number is
to be limited or qualified in any way I should
think that much more proper than merely to
set up this shadowy, unsubstantial, mechanical
—because it has but very little of intellect
about it—qualification of being able to read
and write one's name. Therefore, Mr. Pres-
ident, with all deference to those who suppose •
they can fix some measure by which to gauge
a man's patriotism, to gauge his virtue, to
gauge his intelligence, I shall be obliged to
vote against this proposition.
Mr. POSTER, (Mr. Akthosy in the chair.)
Mr. President, I differ very widely from the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania in my
estimate of reading and writing. The Senator
from Pennsylvania agrees with the Senator
from ^ Delaware, who spoke yesterday almost
sneeringly of reading and writing, thinking it
was a very small affair, and that it had very
little to do with qualifying a man for the exer-
cise of the elective franchise or any intellect-
ual or moral pursuit 
Mr. SAULSBURY. Let me correct the
honorable Senator.
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly, if I misrepre-
sent him.
Mr. SAULSBURY. To the extentof reading
and writing one's name. I spoke of that alone.
Mr. FOSTER. I did not so understand the
honorable Senator. Of course I submit with
great pleasure to the correction.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That is what I meant.
Mr. FOSTER. That, however, is not and
was not the proposition before the Senate. I
was sorry also that the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] expressed an
opinion similar to the opinion expressed by
the Senator from Pennsylvania and the Senator
from Delaware in regard to reading and writing
being a qualification for a voter. The honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania, from the
manner in which he treats this subject, I should
think was now fresh from his reading of '' Much
Ado_ about Nothing," and was quoting Mr.
Justice Dogberry, who, said I believe—the
honorable Senator will correct me if I mis-
quote, for he is very fresh in his readings of
the English and other classics—"to be a well-
favored man is the gift of fortune, but to read
and write comes by nature." Like that very
high authority, Mr. Justice Dogberry, the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania and the
honorable Senator from Delaware, and I am
sorry to include in the same category the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, seem in-
clined to say—'1 away with writing and reading
till there is need of such vanity."
Now, I agree that to be able simply to read
and to write does not prove that a "man has
either the intellectual or moral qualifications
necessary for a voter in the United States.
But, sir, when I agree to that I must be per-
mitted to lay it down as a proposition that the
man who cannot read and who cannot write is
in all human probability unqualified to perform
the duties of an elector. The avenue to all
the knowledge necessary to qualify one for that
duty seems, under those circumstances, to be
absolutely closed to him. It is possible, I
agree, that a man who can neither road nor
write may have snfficient intelligence to cast a
vote; but such_a case is exceptional; the great
mass of mankind who can neither read nor
write surely have not that intelligence which
voters in this country ought to have and must
have if our institutions are to be upheld and
perpetuated.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
is mistaken in supposing that this idea comes
from what he calls, perhaps correctly, the "hub
of the universe," Massachusetts. Massachu-
setts is certainly a most distinguished and
renowned State; her people are intelligent and
learned, but they did not discover the propriety
or necessity of establishing as a test in their
constitution the ability to read and write as a
necessary qualification for their electors. Sev-
eral years before Massachusetts incorporated
such ail article in her constitution the State
of Connecticut had made reading a necessary
test for the qualification of voters in that State.
This was not in the ancient days which the
Senator from Pennsylvania might take pleas-
ure in characterizing as the " blue law" times,
but at a later period, after our people had been
enlightened by the intelligence of Pennsylvania.
In the year 1855 the people of Connecticut
adopted as an amendment to their constitution
in substance the following:
"No person who cannot road any article of this
constitution or any section of the laws of this State
shall be admitted as an elector.''
