862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
lars a ton. It was not known to us whether
the men who passed that vote belonged to this
or that particular branch of the business; we
knew that they were the Iron and Steel Asso-
ciation. In my simplicity I supposed they
knew what their own interest demanded; I did
not assume to know more then they did on
such a subject, nor did the other members of
the committee, and accordingly we put it all
at three dollars a ton, as they recommended.
That is the history of it.
Now, the Senator says that that is in the
interest of the rolling-mills. The reason why
it was done is stated to me by a gentleman who
is present, to whom I have referred before,
who knows the facts, and I have never known
him to be mistaken in any fact stated as of his
own knowledge. He has drawn up a state-
ment of the reasons for "this action. Of the
correctness of these reasons, how far they
should weigh, the Senate will judge; each of
the Senators can judge as well as I can, and
most of them a great deal better. He says:
" The Iron and Steel Association was attended by
a large delegation fiom Pittsburg, who are manufac-
turers of bar iron, by the agent of the Cambria Com-
pany at Johnstown, Pennsylvania, the Phoenix Iron
Company atPhoenixviile, Pennsylvania, the Scfanton
Iron Company at Scranton, Pennsylvania, the Tren-
ton Iron Company, who are large producers of pig iron,
and a large number of flat and bar iron men all
through Pennsylvania; and the resolution putting
scrap iron at three dollars per ton was a concession
to the rail-mills as they get an advance in duty"—
There is no advance whatever in the duty on
railroad iron, and therefore the rail-makers
get no additional benefit from this bill—
"and the other manufacturers of bar and flat iron
get an average of $7 50 per ton. In June old rolls
were worth in New York forty-three dollars per ton.
The price was run up by the bar and flat mills, so
that in October old rails were worth fifty-two dollars
per ton. The consequencc was that the railroads
reaching thesea-boaid were selling their old rails at
fifty to fifty-two dollars per ton, and buying English
rails, that were only costing them seventy dollars, or
a difference of only twenty dollars per ton between
new rails and old rails, when these old rails eould not
be rerolled or manufactured into new rails on the
sea-board for less than forty dollars a ton, making a
saving to the railroads that sold their old rails and
imported new English rails of twenty dollars a ton.
" Last year there were imported sixty-four thou-
sand tons of new Knglish rails, and if the importation
(should continue as it has done the last three months
there will be over one hundred thousand tons per
year. The increase of duty to the bar and flat mills
will enable them to pay so high a price for old rails
that the consequence will be that the roads on the
Bea-board will not get their old iron rerolled, but
will sell that and import new Hn<rlibli rails. It was
stated in the convention that tins country had not
furnaces enough to manufacture pig iron for the roll-
ing mills. Last year there was only imported thir-
teen thousand tons of scrap iron against between
three and four hundred thousand tons of new iron."
There is the difference between the importa-
tions. Senators, therefore, can judge of the
danger there would be of destroying the busi-
ness of manufacturing pigs. Now, sir, I feel
not a particle of interest in this matter. I
have no doubt the statements I have just read
are true. What influence they should have on
the minds of Senators it is for each Senator
to say. But it is manifest how the thing was
done by the Iron and Steel Association. They
advised us by their vote, and we supposed that
in doing what they asked we were doing what
was proper and wise.
This is all I have to say on the subject. If
the Senate chooses to put the old metal at one
dollar a ton higher than all agree was perfectly
sufficient to answer the purpose, and to put up
the wrought scrap to eight dollars a ton, on the
statement of the Senator from Michigan, so be
it. I do not feel a vast deal of interest in the
question now, for I am fatigued with meeting
these things day after day. These broad state-
ments are reiterated so often, and I have to
meet them so frequently, that I begin to feel
that I may just as well give up the whole con-
cern and let it slide.
Mr. CHANDLER. The letter which the
Senator read only corroborates what I said,
that this whole thing was gotten ug in the in-
terest of the rollers of iron. All the establish-
ments named in the letter are, I believe, with-
out exception, rolling establishments. Now,
if manufactured iron is to come into this coun-
try against the interests of our mines, our forges,
our blast-furnaces, I desire that it shall come
in paying the highest rate of duty.
It costs, as I said before, sixty dollars a ton
to put ore into the form of scrap. I would just
as soon you should bring in a ton of new rail-
road bars as a ton of old. The expense of
rerolling is very small. If the old railroad
iron is sold instead of being rerolled) what is
it sold for? It; is sold to manufacture into
scrap and bar iron instead of rails; sold be-
cause your duty on railroad bars is less than
your duty on bar iron. It is sold because the
rollers of bar iron can afford to pay a higher
price than the excess of duty on rails. That
is all there is to that.
If you are to bring in manufactured iron from
abroad, then by all means encourage the in-
troduction of that which pays the highest duty
for the benefit of the country. If you are going
to introduce three hundred thousand tons of
manufactured iron, I would rather have it of
that kind which pays fifty-five dollars a ton
than that which pays three dollars, for the
interest of the Treasury. This wrought scrap
iron is perfect, all but one process, to wit,
heating and putting through the rolling-mill.
Now, sir, do not defraud your Treasury by
encouraging the introduction of this class of
iron that pays little or no duty, to the detri-
ment of other interests that pay enormous
amounts into the Treasury in the shape of
internal revenue taxes. The duty is too low.
The duty ought to have been, as this gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, whose letter I read,
says, six and twelve dollars. It ought to have
been six on pig and twelve on wrought, and
that would have been no more than a fair pro-
tection. The Senator has been misinformed as
to this article of cast scrap. This cast scrap is
of exactly the same value as pig. There is no
difference whatever in the value. It is simply
thrown into the furnace and melted in the
same way that pig is, and has to go through
the same process. There is no difference.
You should have the same duty on scrap that
you have on pig. But, sir, I have placed it
very low indeed, at what every other than the
rolling-mill men will say is too low, to wit,
four and eight dollars. I hope the Senate will
adopt the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared that the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Cowan, Cres-
well, Dixon, Doolittle, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Lane, Sherman,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Yates—18.
N AY S—Messrs. Edmunds, Fessenden, Harris, Kirk-
wood, Morgan, Morrill, Patterson, Poland, Ramsey,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Williams, and
Wilson—15. ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cattell, Con-
ness, Cragin, Davis, Eogg, Foster, Fowler, Guthrie,
Johnson, McDougall, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Pom-
eroy, Riddle, Ross, and Trumbull—19.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. On page 86, section seven,
after line two hundred and eighty two, I move
to insert the following:
On case-hardened fire-irons, known in the trade as
polished steel fire-ironsor sets, in sets of three pieces,
composing shovel, tongs, and poker, forty cents per
set; tongs importedseparately, twenty cents per pair;
shovels imported separately, ten cents each; pokers
importedseparately,ten cents each, and, in addition
thereto, forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Without taking up the time of the Senate I
will state that I have papers here showing
that without this additional protection this
business cannot be carried on. If this amend-
ment shall be adopted, I propose afterward to
move in line two hundred and seventy-seven
to insert before the words "fire-tongs and
shovels," the words "common, unpolished,"
as this amendment applies to the highly fin-
ished article.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot contradict
the statement made by the Senator, for I do
not know anything about it. It is a new mat-
i ter which is now brought up. It has not been
before the committee at all; but as the Senate
seem to be going on an.d putting on everything
that everybody asks for, I do not know but
that this may just as well go on as a thousand
other things, to. suit customers all around.
Mr. DIXON. I have not asked for much,
and I should not have asked for this if I did
not believe it on examination absolutely ne-
cessary to save this branch of manufactures.
I have a statement here which shows that at
the present rate these articles can be furnished
in New York at so large a decrease from the
cost of the American artieles that the busi-
ness cannot be carried on in this country with-
out some additional protection. It will be
observed that not much is asked. The forty-
five per cent, ad valorem is in the bill already.
What I propose is, to impose on a fire-set of
a highly finished character, costing perhaps to
the purchaser ten dollars a set, a duty of forty
cents a set. Some of them come as high as
ten dollars, some fifteen dollars, and some as
high as twenty dollars, and forty cents is all
that is asked for. It is not too much.
I will state once tnore to the Senate that if
this amendment shall be adopted, I propose,
so that this additional duty shall not apply to
the common article in common use, to insert
in the two hundred and seventy-seventh line,
before the words "fire-tongs and shovels," the
words "common, unpolished."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state that the
commissioner has examined this proposition,
and his opinion is that it is not objectionable.
I cannot tell myself. I know nothing about it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Inasmuch as this is a
proposition that nobody seems to understand,
and this is an interest that it seems necessary
should be protected, and nobody understands
it except the honorable Senator who jjroposes
it, and inasmuch as other interests of course
will have to follow, and as the committee did
not have this subject before them, and it is
necessary to protect everybody's interests, I
apprehend this proposition ought to be adopted.
We shall then begin to get something in the
bill that nobody understands. Heretofore, in
regard to the amendments generally, I believe
somebody supposed he understood them. Now
we have arrived at that stage in the proceedings
when amendments thatarenotunderstood must
necessarily be adopted. In the course of a day
or two we shall have an admirable bill, I ap-
prehend, taking together that which everybody
understands, that which a portion of the Senate
understands, and that which nobody under-
stands.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected—aye one, noes not counted.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move, Mr. President,
to make all books printed prior to the year
1840 free; in other words, to enter them on the
free list. This is a motion which at an earlier
day I have already made, but I desire to try
the sense of the Senate again upon it. If the
Senate sees fit to vote it down, it can; but I
deem it my duty to present the proposition
again. I do not wish to have this bill need-
lessly odious. I move, therefore, to insert on
page 99, section eighteen, these words, to come
in between lines thirty and thirty-one: " Books
printed prior to the year 1840."
Now a tax on books printed prior to 1840
must have one of two objects, protection or
revenue.
Mr. WADE. Or both.
Mr. SUMNER. Or, as the Senator says,
both. Very well. As for protection there is
nothing of it, for there ia no American product
of the press which can come into competition
with a book printed here to 1840. Therefore,
the whole question of protection is eliminated.
Then it is for revenue. But the revenue on
those books is not large; it is trivial; it is not
enough to justify this exercise of your power.
But what is accomplished by the provision?
You do exclude books which you ought to wel-
come. You impose what I shall insist upon
calling a tax on knowledge, and you give a bad
name to the legislation of your country. I
believe there is no other country in the world
