1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The State of Massachusetts copied that in sub-
stance two years after, in the year 1857. - And,
sir, I submit to the honorable Senators from
Pennsylvania and Delaware and Massachusetts
that, it is in very bad taste to sneer at reading
and writing as qualifications for voters. I was
astonished to hear the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts express the opinions he d.id on
that subject. I cannot but think that the great
majority of the intelligent—and most of the
people of Massachusetts are highly intelligent—
the great majority of the people of Massachusetts
if the question wore put to them to-day would
say a man should not vote in that State who
cannot read and write.
The State of Connecticut first adopted a
constitution, having till that time lived under
the charter of King Charles, in the year 18X8.
One of the qualifications of an elector in that
constitution was that he should be a man of
good moral character. There were various
other qualifications. In 1845 an amendment
was-adopted enabling all white males twenty-
one years of age and of good moral character
to become electors. In Connecticut we have
always made the possession of a good moral
character a necessary qualification for an
elector, and in 185-5, as I have before stated,
we added to that qualification, or rather we
denied the privilege of an elector to any person
who should thereafter apply who could not
read any article of the constitution or any
section of the statutes of the State.
Mr. President, I do not believe that that was
going backward in human progress; on the
contrary I believe it was going forward, and
I believe the idea of admitting men to the
elective franchise who can neith'er read nor
write is going backward and downward. We
all agree—at least I hear no one bold enough
to deny it that intelligence and morality are
at the basis of free institutions: On intelli-
gence and morality, under God, all free Gov-
ernments, all free institutions must rest. Why,
then, are not intelligence and morality neces-
sary attributes in those whom we admit to
exercise and enjoy the elective franchise ? Why
sneer at reading and writing when almost all
the knowledge which the world has thus far
accumulated can be acquired now only by read-
ing ; 1 mean substantially all, of course not
literally and absolutely. The knowledge of the
past comes to us substantially through history,
and history comes to us through the volumes
which are stored in our libraries, and_ we ac-
quire from them the wisdom of past, ages.
Now, where a man, no matter from what
cause, cannot thus become acquainted, through
books, by reading, with the wisdom of past
ages, nor with the events and occurrences of
the day, I say he is not and cannot be an
intelligent, and is not therefore a safe voter.
I was astonished also to hear the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts say that from 1789
to the present time we had suffered little from
ignorance. The assertion was not indeed made,
but the idea was pretty clearly expressed, that
the evils we had encountered were rather charge-
able to the intelligence of the people, that the
late rebellion had been caused by intelligent,
acute, well-informed men, and that the ignorant
were disposed to support the flag of the Union
and stand by the Government. I certainly differ
from that honorable Senator most widely on
that proposition.
It is true that many of the mon who were
active in inaugurating this rebellion were men
of intelligence, men of culture, men of educa-
tion, but most of them were ignorant of the real
condition of this country, lamentably ignorant
of the free States, ignorant of the stuff that the
men inhabiting the free States were made of,
and of the temper and capacity of those men
to resist aggression. Had they not been thus
ignorant they never would have incited this
rebellion. Further than that, the great mass
of the southern people who joined in the rebel-
lion were not thus intelligent and* educated;
they were ignorant, grossly ignorant. The
masses from the southern States, who made
up the .bulk of the armies in the field, were
ignorant, unlettered men; many of them could
neither read nor write. These were the men
who furnished the support, the strength of the
rebellion, the men who fought its battles, with-
out whom it could nothave lasted six months.
Ignorance was the canse of the rebellion;
ignorance sustained it; intelligence, morality,
and patriotism overcame it. The honorable
Senator would make up an issue between intel-
ligence on the one side, and perhaps equal or
greater intelligence on the other. That was
not the true condition. It was, I repeat it,
an issue between ignorance, ignorant men led
on by men of disappointed ambition, wily dem-
agogues, evil designing men, who can always
impose upon the ignorant and lead them
where they list, and true and loyal intelligent
men. Thank God, the true and patriotic mon
of the country were numerous enough and
strong enough to overcome in the struggle;
but if reading and writing had not been more
.common in the northern and free States than
in the so&thern States the rebellion would
have triumphed, and we should not be sitting
here to-day.
Mr. President would not occupy that chair,
no Senator here would occupy a seat in this
Chamber to-day if reading and writing had not
been more universal through the northern and
free States than in the southern and slave States.
The ablest and most popular northern leaders
could never have set on foot such a rebellion
as this in the free States because the people
were too intelligent to be thus imposed upon.
I repeat it, I was astonished to hear the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts intimate
that ignorance hajl done little or no harm in
this country. Ignorance connected with its
handmaid, or rather with its twin sister de-
pravity, has done all the harm; where you find
ignoranceyou find depravity almostuniversally.
Now, sir, it must not be understood that I
am not in favor of enlarged suffrage. I am. I
lay it down as a proposition that the broader
you can with safety make the basis of suf-
frage, the more stable, the more firm will be
the foundation of your Government, and for
the most obvious reasons.
If I am asked, "Would you let every person
vote?" I reply, "Yes, I would let every person
vote who is fit to vote." I voted yesterday to
allow what is called female suffrage, not be-
cause, as I think, the great mass of the women
of this country desire to vote. I know, on the
contrary, that within the circle of my acquaint-
ance and observation the great mass of them
do not desire to vote; but that is not the ques-
tion. I should not be disposed to grant to a
class of persons the right to vote simply be-
cause they desired it. The desire to do a thing
or to occupy a position, however strong that
desire may be, is not always the best evidence
of the necessary qualifications. We may de-
sire to do many things for which we are unfit,
and we may be unwilling to perform many
duties for which we are eminently fit. I voted
for female suffrage because in principle I can
see no reason for denying the right to every
person who is fit to vote. Of course it makes
a Government strong to enlarge the basis of
suffrage as far as you can with safety,_ for you
thus bring every person, so to speak, into the
Government; it makes every person an in-
tegral part of the Government; every person
feels that to some extent it is his Government,
and his interest and his duty will therefore be
to protect, support, defend the Government,
because it is his, and because he is a constitu-
ent part of it. Such a Government will have
elements of strength and perpetuity which no
other Government on the earth can have. A
Government which does not thus grant the
elective franchise to all its people who are fit
to exercise the right cannot be so strong as
one which does. The persons who are left
out make an element of weakness. They may
not be hostile to the Government, but in time
of emergency and great peril it would, in my
apprehension, be safer to subtract this power
from the sum total of the power of the body-
politic than it would be to add it to that sum'
total.
But, Mr. President, while I am thus in favor
of this enlarged suffrage without reference to
race or color or sex, I am not in favor of allow-
ing ignorant, grossly ignorant men, the mass
of whom because ot their ignorance will also
be: criminal, to exercise the right of suffrage.
I believe it cannot be done with safety. '
It is not strange, sir, that there should be
diverse-opinions on this- subject. - While somes
argue for extending this privilege to all classes,-
all sexes, all colors, making perhaps the at-
tainment of a certain age the only qualification,,
others would restrict it to the male sex of one
race, others would restrict it with.certain quali-
fications of intelligence and morals. I am ong
ot those who, while I go for the largest exten-
sion, would have a qualification of intelligence
and morals, and have that an essential quail-;
fication, and I do not believe that the interests
of society will be safe unless you apply some
test as a qualification for your voters.
I would ask the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, whether if he were a member
of the State Legislature at home, as he often-
has been, he would vote for a Senator in this
body who could neither read nor write. He'
may say that such a contingency is not prob-
able. I agree that it is not, but it is possible.
It is possible that such a man may be a candi-
date for the Senate from the State of Massa-
chusetts ; that is, it would be possible if it were
not for the qualification she requires. He is
for abolishing the qualification; and in that
state of things a man might be a candidate for
the Senate from Massachusetts who could
neither read nor write. I must take leave to
presume, in the absence of the honorable Sen-
ator's denying the assertion, that he would not
vote for a man to represent his State in this
body who could neither read nor write. I take
it I have his assent to that proposition. I take "
it he would not vote in this body to confirm a
man as a judge or as Chief Justice of the Su- .
preme Court who could neither read nor write.
I trust I may assume that no member of this
body, not even the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, or the honorable Senator from
Delaware, would vote to confirm a man as a
judge or as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
who could neither read nor write. I trust not.
I believe not. And why not? Because they
would say it is impossible that a man who can
neither read nor write should be qualified to
discharge his duties in this body or his duties
on the bench of the Supreme Court.
There would I take it b& great unanimity of
jpinion on that question. If that be granted,
I would ask these same gentlemen whether they
would vote to constitute a tribunal, if there 4
were such a one known to our Constitution, or
if such a one should be created, higher than
the Supreme Court, higher than the Senate,
higher than Congress whose duty it should be
to revise the proceedings of the Supreme Court,
the proceedings of Congress, and corrcct what-
ever errors they found in the administration of
those two tribunals. Of course they would
say that they would not vote for men to sit in
that tribunal who could neither read norwrite,
for surely they would not call upon men who
could neither read nor write to correct the
errors of men who could read and write, and to
fill whose places they would not permit men
who could not read and write to sit.
Now, Mr. President, I understand all these
gentlemen to bo prepared to vote to allow men
who can neither read nor write to vote at the
ballot-boxes. And what are the ballot-boxes,
and who are the men who come forward to
deposit their ballots in the ballot-boxes? They
are the people of this country to whom all
questions must ultimately go for examination
and correction. Every act of Congress may
under certain circumstances come before the
Supreme Court for construction as to its con-
stitutionality. The Supreme Court, if they
set it aside" on the ground of its unconstitu-
