.1867.
THE COtf GKESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
where imported books are subject to any taxa-
tion, unless it be merely nominal. It is for a
Republic, founded on knowledge, to set the
example of this unprecedented tax on knowl-
edge. _
I wish I could communicate to Senators
something of my own conviction on this ques-
tion. I approach it with no other object than
the welfare of my country. I do wish to do
what I can on this question in order to intro-
duce these books as free of duty as possible.
Since the discussion the other day I have
received a letter from a gentleman engaged in
literary pursuits, from which I will read a brief
extract. He says as follows:
" The present tariff is to a great degree prohib-
itory; especially so as regards books printed before
the close of the reign of King Charles I. Suchbooks
are extremely scarce, and many of them are enor-
mously dear without the added cruel penalty of
twenty-five per cent, for the privilege of bringing
them into our country. I have been for the past year
busily engaged on a new edition of the works of an
Elizabethan writer, and it seems peculiarly hard that
my own country should throw in my way a stumbling-
block in the shape of a severe fine on the import-
ation of my working materials. I know that I need
not remind you, who are so well versed in curious
and rare old books, that original editions of the
works of the early English writers can be obtained
by scholars only by their purchase by themselves or
by loan through the courtesy of brother scholars or
collectors, the public libraries of our country being
lamentably bare ofthem.
" I have just returned from Europe. There I found
that every facility was extended to the scholar. Where
duties were levied on books they -were of so light a
character—being chiefly a small tax per pound—as to
amount to scarcely anything. Our country boasts
of an enlightened civilization, but at the same time
taxes knowledge as if it was a crime that should be
suppressed or a luxury that should be indulged in
only by the rich. It seoms very strange to me that
even the most despotic countries in Europe favor the
scholar more than does our liberty-loving Republic.'
I do not know, sir, that I can add anything
to this compact statement of the question. I
will therefore content myself by asking a vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. The Senate has settled
this question once by a vote of two to one.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to amend the
twenty-third section of the bill.in one or two
particulars. It is the confiscation section, and
I suppose there is no interest involved in it.
On page 108, section twenty-three, line three,
after the word " may," I move to insert, "when
undervalued, as herein stated," and in lines
seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, I move to strike
out the words:
And to ascertain such undervaluation he "shall
causo full and detailed inventory and valuation to be
made, a copy whereof shall be delivered to the said
consignee,
And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
And to ascertain such undervaluation the col-
lector shall, at the request of the consignee, cause a
full and detailed inventory and revaluation to bo
made by such officers or experts as the Secretary of'
the Treasury may by general rules and regulations
prescribe.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to amend the bill on
page 22, section six, line twenty-two, by striking
out all of the paragraph after the word "speci-
fied," and inserting:
When valued at thirty cents per square yard orless
four cents per square yard, and, in addition thereto,
thirty-five percent, ad valorem; valued atover thirty
cents per square yard, six cents per square yard, and,
in addition thereto, forty per cent, ad valorem.
So that the clause will read :
On all brown or bleached linens, ducks, canvas pad-
dings, cot bottoms, burlaps, drills, coatings, brown
Hollands, blay linens, Spanish linens, diaper, dam-
asks, crash, huckabacks, hadkerchiefs, lawns, or other
manufactures of flax, hemp, or jute, or of which flax,
hemp, or jute, is the component material of chicf
value, not herein otherwise specified, when valued at
thirty cents per square yard or less, four cents per
square yard, and in addition thereto, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem; valued at over thirty cents per
square yard, six cents per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, forty percent, ad valorem.
This amendment is offered with a view to
furnish greater protection to the coarser kind of
linen manufactures. Its effect will be to pro-
tect not only agricultural productions, the pro-
duction of flax, but also the manufacture of
flax. By the bill as passed by the House of
Representatives a specific duty of six cents
per square yard on the articles mentioned in
this paragraph was imposed. That was re-
ported by the Senate committee at three cents
per square yard, and by some means or other,
I do not know how—I did not observe the
manner in which it was done—this specific
duty of three cents per square yard has been
stricken out, so as only to leave a duty, I be-
lieve, of thirty-five per cent, ad valorem, as it
has been altered, upon these articles. It is
entirely too low as compared with other manu-
factures of flax ; so low that those who are en-
gaged in this kind of business assure me that
if the bill is allowed to pass in the form in
which it is now presented they will be obliged,
for their own safety and protection, to leave
this kind of business and to go into the manu-
facture of the finer article of linen. The effect
will be to injure not only the manufacturing
business, but also the agricultural production.
If the amendment which I propose shall be
adopted, it will have the effect to encourage
agriculture, the raising of flax, as well as the
manufacture of this coarser article. 1 am in-
formed that the American flax can only be
manufactured into the articles which are in-
cluded in this amendment. I hope, therefore,
that this amendment may be adopted. In-
stead of the six cents duty passed by the
House of Representatives, it proposes four
cents upon the cheaper article and six cents
upon the more valuable article.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe we had this
question up the other day and settled it by a
very decided vote. I do not know but all the
amendments that are offered have to come up
several times in different shapes. I do not
very clearly see my way through with the bill
any time in this generation the way the Senate
are going on. 1 understood from the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Smiaoue] that lie pro-
posed to offer an amendment which I thought
I should not object to, but it seems that it lias
gone out of his hands into the hands of the
honorable Senator from New York, and is not
the sanie.
The House bill fixed a duty of thirty per
cent, on crash. The Senator from New York
is mistaken. It fixed a high rate of duty
upon everything but crash, but fixed thirty per
cent, on crash. Now, I understood the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island proposed to offer an
amendment fixing upon crash a duty of thirty-
five per cent- ad valorem, and on these other
articles as suggested by the honorable Senator
from New York. I stated the other day the
reasons why 1 thought that upon these coarse
articles there should not be this large duty that
will operate so injuriously. It places a heavy
duty on an article that is used by everybody,
the coarse crash towels that are imported from
Russia and are in everybody's hands. I thought
the duty was fixed at about what it ought to
be; that we ought not to put a duty upon it
which will effectually exclude it, because that
will be the result from its very low cost. The
article that is manufactured in this country is
not the same article. That is composed of
clear linen, and the article manufactured is
linen and cotton, a very inferior article which
does not last so long, and is more expensive
to the purchaser from the mere fact of its com-
position. I am opposed to the amendment as
it stands, and I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. HARRIS. It seems to me, unless I
am greatly misinformed in relation to this
thing, that this amendment ought to receive
favor in the Senate. The manufacture of flax
in this country is in its infancy; there is but
little of it; and if capitalists are willing to go
into the manufacture of this article they ought
to be encouraged as much as those who are
engaged in the manufacture of cotton and
woolen goods. Now, if I understand this
question, they are not thus protected in this
bill; and unless there can be an increased
protection provided in some such manner as I
have suggested in the amendment I have pro'
posed this manufacture must go down. Here
is a cheap article of linen goods manufactured
from American flax, and the only thing that
is manufactured from American flax. Now, it
is proposed to reduce the duty upon that to a
mere ad valorem which will not furnish ade-
quate protection, and these gentlemen, some
of them my own personal friends and acquaint-
ances, engaged in this business, gentlemen of
capital and intelligence, will be driven from
this manufacture into the other kind of manu-
factures of linen where they are obliged to im-
port their flax. It seems to me wise that this
kind of manufacture should be encouraged,
and it can only be encouraged by giving this
specific duty.
Mr. PESSENDEN. If our growers will
only attend to it, and water-rot it and raise it,
they can make as good material out of Ameri-
can flax as any other flax. There is no supe-
riority except in the way in which it is pro-
duced ; and I do not think any very great
harm will come of letting a great many of
these very coarse articles be manufactured
abroad, used as they are 
Mr. HARRIS. If that is the policy of the
Committee on Finance of course you will vote
down the amendment.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Let me tell the Senator
the policy of the Committee on Finance is not,
where a manufacture does not exist here at the
present time but is just starting, t,o impose
such duties on the foreign article as will charge
everybody in the country, in the beginning and
until they can get them established, with this
enormous increased burden upon the article:
but the policy is to place such a duty as will
be sufficient encouragement to begin the manu-
facture, and take it gradually, if we are obliged
to take it at all.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I suppose that there is
really no interest that is so little understood aa
the one now under discussion, and none that
has been so misrepresented—unintentionally I
have no doubt, but nevertheless it is misrep-
resented. Here is this article of crash. The
duty upon it as proposed by this amendment
is four cents per square yard. The price at
this article of crash cannot be in gold mora
than twelve cents per square yard when it is
imported. The four cents per square yard
would amount to just this, and no more: it
takes to make a square yard about two lengths
and a half; or, if I can make myself better
understood, crash is about .fifteen inches in
width. It is made in Prussia, it is made in
England, in France, in Germany, in Ireland;
it is made everywhere. It is the principal
product of the flax manufacturers in the United
States. The suggestion that it is not made
here and is not a perfect product of manufac-
ture is in no wise correct. Then, if upon this
four cents per square yard you calculate it, all
that you get for the running yard, as proposed
by the Senator from New York, is the number
of times that two and a half will go into four.
I will let any Senator reckon that up. It would
be about one and one half cents on a running
yard; that is in addition to the thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem as suggested in the bill.
Now, the addition which has been made of
five per cent, to the thirty per cent, that the
Committee on Finance reported has decreased
the protection upon this article two cents per
yard; because five per cent, upon the gold
cost abroad would not be more than one cent..
For that one cent that they increase upon these
coarse articles they take off three ; and that is
the exact condition of it as it now stands.
In the article of burlaps, for instance, of
which 1 spoke the other day, under the bill as
reported by the committee you get two and
eight tenths cents by this thirty-five per cent,
on the gold valuation as it would be at the
port of shipping. The duty of fifteen dollars a
ton takes off that eight tenths, so that it allows
but two cents for a square yard. This article
does not come in as a square yard; it is about
thirty or thirty-two or thirty-three inches; so
that really on this article of burlaps the pro-
tection is not more than one and one half cent
per running yard, or about the same as that OH
