IW
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
December 13^
tiojnality, in one sense annul the law; but all
of us of course are subject at all times to error.
The Senate and every tribunal is fallible ; and
the Supreme Court being fallible, are liable to
make mistakes, and where are'their mistakes
corrected? They are corrected at the ballot-
box and they can be corrected only at the
ballot-box ; not directly I agree; a decision
of the Supreme Court is not directly reversed
at^he ballot-box. I do not claim that; but if
the Supreme Court make a decision which the
people of this country, a majority, think to be
unsound,and wrong they will take a course
■which will reverse that decision. It will take
some time to do it, but it will certainly be done.
If an act of Congress perfectly constitutional
is in the judgment of the people an unwise
and impolitic and injurious law the people will
take measures at- a very early day to have that
law repealed, and it will be done. It will be
done through the people acting at the ballot-
boxes. They eorrect the mistakes which we
make and which Congress makes and which
the Supreme Court makes. The electors at
the ballot-boxes are the grand court of errors
for the country. Now, sir, these Senators pro-
pose to allow men who cannot read and write
to correct our mistakes, to become members
of this high court pf errors. It seems to me
I confess little short of an absurdity to say
that; while men ought not to sit in Congress,
ought not to sit in the Supreme Court who can
neither read nor write, we will put it in the
power of men who can neither read nor write
to correct their errors, rectify their mistakes.
How far short of an absurdity is it? This is
suffrage without intelligence, without morality.
Mr. President, I am not prepared for that.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
says he wants to put the ballot into the hands
of the black man for his protection. If he
cannot read the ballot, what kind of protection
is it to him? A written or printed slip of pa-
■ per is put into the hands of a man, black or
white, and if he cannot read it, what is it to
him. What does he know about it? What
can he do with it? How can he protect him-
self by it? .As well might the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts put in the hands of a
child who knew nothing of firearms a loaded
pistol with which to protect himself against his
enemies. The illustration is by no means
wanting in its force in various respects. The
child would be much more likely to endanger
himself and his friends by the pistol than to
protect himself. A perfectly ignorant man
who cannot read his ballot is much more likely
to use it to his own detriment and to the detri-
ment of the country than he is to use it for the
benefit of either. It. seems to me ridiculous to
talk about putting the ballot into the hands of
a- man who, when he has got it, cannot deter-
mine the character of it. Whether he proposes
to vote for one manor another; whether he
proposes to vote yea or nay on any question,
the ballot does not inform him. Is there any
protection in that?
I submit, sir, that on general principles
without intelligence there- can be no safety in
allowing people to vote; there can be no safety
in ignorant suffrage. I know that the honor-
able Senator and other gentlemen here make
an appeal in regard to the blacks of the coun-
try becausc as it is said, and truly said, they
have for a long period of time been held under
oppression ; it has been a criminal offense for
them to learn to read ; and now to make read-
ing or writing or both a qualification of suf-
frage is adding insult to injury. I do not so
understand it. I do not understand that be-
cause we have been doing a cruel wrong and
injustice to these people for centuries we are
thereby bound to give them privileges which
will not inure to their benefit, and which
will be dangerous to society. Did I not be-
lieve they would be thus dangerous I should
TOte most cheerfully to give every man of them
the right of suffrage. I do believe that the
principle is unsound, unsafe, dangerous in a
Free community, and I cannot vote for it.
It. is intimated that the freedmen will vote
right on questions now pending before the
country. They, as it is asserted, know enough
to know their friends, and they will vote right.
That means, I suppose, that at the present
time these men would cast ballots such as the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts  nd I
would cast at the same time, if we were au-
thorized to vote at the same place; and itmeans
that men like him and others in whom these
people might have confidence would put ballots
mto the hands of those of them who cannot
read, and tell them what the character of those
ballots was, in order that they might deposit
them in the ballot-boxes and have the benefit
of .their votes. So far as the results are con-
cerned at once and immediately it might be
well; but when we are making a law in regard
to suffrage we are not taking the part of men
who are electioneering for a particular canvass;
we are making a law which should have in it
wisdom, which should have in it strength, and
which is entitled, at least so far as we can.
judge, to remain perpetually on our statute-
book. Tn that state of things, I say, and I
think history verifies the assertion, that it
would be entirely unsafe to give to men whom
we can influence to do right now a power
which years, and possibly ages, after will be
in the same hands, during all which time they
will be subject to evil influences, and far more
likely to do wrong than to do right.
As to the question of hardship to the blacks,
it is greatly overestimated; many of them can
read now, those who cannot will soon learn,
and the right to vote is a healthy stimulus to
them to acquire knowledge; very few will be
excluded by this test in t^ro years' time. I
cannot regard it so certain as gentlemen seem
to do that these people will be sure to vote on
the right side. How long will it be before
these men forgetting the wrongs, injuries, and
cruelties that have been practiced upon them
in the state of slavery to which they have been
subjected will be forming new relations, new
ties, new friendships? The honorable Senator
from Massachusetts even anticipates that it
will be a very early day, for he says with a
significance which perhaps will astonish him-
self when, he comes to contemplate the full
bearings of it, that the moment these men have
the ballot those who formerly oppressed and
tyrannized over them will be courting their
friendship and treating them kindly. If that
should happen, what would be the result?
There would be the tie of friendship, of kindly
influence immediately arising between those
who had at a very late period been in this rela-
tion of antagonism. The honorable Senator
repeated more than once "they know enough
to know their friends." The African race, I
believe, is peculiarly susceptible to the feeling
of gratitude; they remember benefits; and if
their former masters, even those who have
been cruel to them, come forward and treat
them with kindness, with friendship, with just-
ice, with generosity, they will be drawn to
those masters by a tie stronger than any ex-
tending from South Carolina to Massachusetts,
and one that will be much more efficient and
much more"practicable. The very men who
are now yielding to right influences and who
will vote with those who are voting right will
be led, I fear, to vote wrong, and will bo giving
strength and irresistible strength to a power
against which the honorableSenatorfrom Mas-
sachusetts has been warring for many years
of his active and useful life, southern aristoc-
racy. Now, if the ballot is put in the hands
of these men at this time he will find it neces-
sary within a few years to war with this same
power hereafter; I fear to his dying day, which
1 hope will be very remote.
Though men who are ignorant and unin-
formed may for a time be influenced on the
right side of a question, yet as a general rule
those men will be influenced most easily and
most certainly to go on the wrong side. The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts cannot
play the wily demagogue, the evil-designing
man. There are men in this country who can,
and the men who can will dupe the ignorant.
Ignorant men are always tools and instruments
in the hands of the ambitious, the unprincipled,
the unscrupulous. They are a potent element
of strength in the hands of such men. and can
be used for the most mischievous and danger-
ous purposes. You increase the power of "stub
men indefinitely when you grant the elective
franchise to persons ignorant, simple, credu-
lous, grateful for kindness, ready to bestow
their confidence where they receive kindness,
and ready to be led in any direction by men to
whom thsy give their confidence. In this
struggle for influence the Senator from Massa-
chusetts and those who act with him—and it is
my pleasure and my j ride almost always to act
with him—will find themselves beaten, over-
come to a certainty. I repeat we are not mak-
ing a law for one year or for two years, but we
are making a law which we ought to consider
perpetual; a rule for voters not merely in this
District, but one which would be safe and salu-
tary if adopted throughout the United States.
Under these circumstances I support the
amendment proposed by my colleague to the
amendment reported by the committee. I wish
it were somewhat stronger, but it is better than
110 qualification. If it shall be adopted I shall
then move, if no other Senator does, an amend-
ment declaring that this provision shall not
applytomenwhohave bornearmsfor the country
during this rebellion. I would give such men
the right to vote, even though they could neither
read nor write. I think, under those circum-
stances, we should break the rule, first, because
it would be but just to do so, and in the next
place, the number would not be largo enough to
exercise a controlling influence. While I do
not agree to the doctrine that the ballot and
the bayonet necessarily roust go together, for.
as the honorable Senator from Missouri showed
us conclusively yesterday, and as others have
showed, there is no connection between them :
yet where men have borne arms for the Gov-
ernment in this rebellion I would give 'them
the right to vote, even though they were illit-
erate.
If. Mr. President, I need any excuse for sup-
porting this amendment, I beg leave to refer
again to the constitution of my State, not, of
course, binding on me as a representative of
that State here, but still a light to guide me in
my actions to a certain extent. We all, as
I trust, respect the constitution and laws of
our own State, and unless we assume to bo
wiser than those who made the constitution of
our State and who make its laws the princi-
ples of that constitution and of those laws will
have their proper influence upon our action in
this body. As I have said, Connecticut has
this article in her constitution, superadding to
it the qualification of a good moral character.
I would be glad if that, too, could be adopted
here; but it would be hardly practicable to
carry that into effect, althoughin my own Stats
it has been a test of qualification from the ear-
liest times. While I by no means claim that
every elector in that State is a man of good
moral character, I still think that provision of
the constitution has been and is a wholesome
and salutary one. It has had an effect on
young men coming forward to be qualified as
freemen of the State. The fact that when they
presented themselves before the board where
every man takes what we call the freeman's
oath before he is admitted as an elertoi, the
fact that a man knows that the question of his
mora! character will come up and may bf> ex-
amined, has had a salutary effect, not that it
makes every man moral, for we have our bad
men as well as other States.
Mr. MORRILL. If my honorable friend
will allow me, I wish to ask him whether ho
finds it practicable in the actual administration
of affairs to carry out that provision ? Are
men in that Slate interrogated and excluded
for want of morality?
Mr. FOSTER, [n reply to the honorable
Senator, I will state that I have heard the
