866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"January 30,
modification as proposed by him to the other
amendment, and I hope he will reconsider his
opposition to this amendment. The manufac-
ture of cut glass isB^i matter of very consider-
able importance to a large part of the capital
of this country. It has invested in it a large
amount of capital. It has engaged in the man-
fact ure of it a great number of people. It
employs a large amount of capital and a large
amount of labor; and cut glass is an article
which brings directly in competition the cheap
labor of Europe with our well-paid labor in
this (jountry. As I have already stated, the
principal ingredient entering into the value of
cut glass is the labor. That glass is largely
manufactured in Germany, where labor is per-
haps cheaper than in any other even of the
European countries. We pay for the same
labor engaged in the manufacture of this article
in this country three or four times as much as
is paid for it in Germany and in other coun-
tries; and the question presents itself whether
we slinll so protect our American labor as that
it shall be able to sustain itself against foreign
labor or not, besides paying its internal reve-
nue taxes. I understand from these gentle-
men, upon whose statements I rely, engaged
in this manufacture, who are certified to me
by gentlemen whom know very well as relia-
ble, that unless they have protection to the
ext ent of at least fifty per cent, the capital now
engaged in the manufacture of the article
must be withdrawn from it and the labor must
be withdrawn from it, and the manufacture of
the article must go down.
If that, be so then the principle of the whole
bill applies equally to this as to any other part
of it. I understand the principle to be admit-
ted that where we apply protection at all we
shall so apply it as to create at least an ability
upon the part of the domestic manufacturer to
compete fairly with the foreign producer; and
upon the representations which I have had I
.believe that the protection which I ask. the
increase of dut/ which I ask, is necessary to
accomplish that very thing. I trust it will not
be tho pleasure of the Senate to discriminate
on that principle in regard to this single article,
and give less protection, or rather to withdraw
the protection from this article, which the Sen-
ate has everywhere given to other articles that
demanded that kind of protection. If the
principle is just iip regard to one article, I
think it should be in regard to all other arti-
cles. Believing as I do that it is necessary
here to enable our homo manufacturers to
compete with the foreign article, I trust the
Senate will increase this per cent, by ten, and
make it fifty per cent, instead of forty per cent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
take a recess until seven and a half o'clock.
Mr. WADE. I second that motion.
Mr. HENDERSON'. Before that is done T
hope I shall be allowed to offer a resolution
calling for some information which I desire to
have acted upon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well; I will yield
for that purpose.
indian massacre at fort phil. kearney.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War and tho Sec-
retaryottho Inferior, each, bereciuested to furnish to
tho Senate all official reports, papers, and o' her facts
in possession of their respective Departments which
may tend to explain the origin, causes, and extent of
the late massacre of United States troops by Indians
at or near l1ort Phil. Kearney, in Dakota Territory.
treaty with hawaiian islands.
Mr. CON NESS. Will the Senator from In-
diana yield to me for a moment? I desire to
offer a resolution which will excite no debate.
It calls for a report from one of the Depart-
ments. and as it is late in the session I desire
to have it considered now. It will not take a
moment:
'icwtrcl. That the Secretary of the Treasury be
rciiue-itud to report to the Senate whether, in his
opinion, American interests would not be subserved
by a treaty of commercial reciprocity with the Ha-
waiian Islands,
Mr. GRIMES. I object to the adoption of
the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the chair.) Is there any objection to the
present consideration of the resolution ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; I object to it.
Mr. CONNESS. Then let it lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It lies over
under the rule.
PROPOSED RECESS.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I now insist on my
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Indiana moves that the Senate take a
recess until half-past seven o'clock.
Mr. WADE. Say seven o'clock; that will
be long enough.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not care myself
about the hour; I would as lief say seven
o'clock.
Several Senators. Say seven.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, then; I move
that the Senate take a recess until seven
o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that the
motion is modified so as to take a recess until
seven o'clock. Well, sir, it is rather against
my views, but as I have become satisfied that
we shall never pass this bill until the Senate
gets sleepy, perhaps we may just about as well
do that.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope this motion will not
prevail. It takes many Senators, I think, by
surprise. I know that several Senators have
made engagements for to-night. I am one of
them. 1 cannot be here to-night, and I desire
to offer two or three amendments. I have not
troubled the Senate much during the consider-
ation of this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will have
to take liis choice between sitting right straight
on until this bill is passed or taking a recess.
Mr. HARRIS. We have been threatened a
little that way by the Senator from Maine be-
fore, and he lias not succeeded very well in
sitting right straight on and passing the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I gave notice yester-
day that I should ask the Senate to dispose of
the bill to-day, and I hope the Senator will not
take it as a threat. He can do as he has re-
peatedly done, go off and leave us without a
quorum and attend to his engagements; and
so can other Senators, and leave a few of us
here to work on until there is no quorum.
The Senator can do it again to-night and to-
morrow night, if he chooses. If the Senator's
engagements are so much more important than
the public business, which is pressing at this
period of the session, he knows best. I only
say I hope the Senate will do one thing or the
other: either sit on until we get through -with
it and pass the bill to-night, or take a recess
and return at seven o'clock. That is my wish.
Whether the Senate do it or not I am indiffer-
ent. I only say it is my advice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that the amend-
ments that ought to be proposed to this bill
might be considered to-night; and we might
have an understanding that we shall vote on
the bill say at three o'clock to-morrow. I do
not think that this bill ought to take up all the
session, though it seems to be an important
bill, for I observe that each Senator, as he in-
troduces a proposition to protect a particular
interest, says that that interest is going to lan-
guish and die if we do not do it; and that as-
surance has been given in reference to almost
every industrial interest in the country. Judg-
ing from this unanimous expression of opinion
the country is in a most critical crisis.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the question before
the Senate?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I propose that we have
an understanding that we have a night session
to-night, and that then we shall take the vote
on the bill to-morrow.
Mr. SPRAGUE and Mr. HENDERSON.
I object to that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that is objected to, I
insist on my motioa to take a reees?.
The motion was agreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes 17, noes 11; and the Senate
accordingly, at nine minutes to five o'clock,
took a recess until seven o'clock p. in.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
p. m.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 903) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
June 30, 1868, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (EL R. No. 900) to fix the compen-
sation of the officers of the revenue-cutter ser-
vice, and for other purposes, and the joint
resolution (H. R. No.Wiol) to extend the time
for codifying the laws relating to customs,
authorized by the joint resolution approved
July 26, 1866, were severally read twice by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
CHANGE or NAME OF VESSEL.
Mr. SHERMAN. While the Senate is gath-
ering together, I move to take up for consider-
atisn joint resolution No. 159, which has been
reported from the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 159) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to permit the owner of
the yacht Mayflower to change the name of the
same to that of Silvie, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
absence of territorial officers.
Mr. WADE.- I move to take ua Senate bill
No. 32, which we had under consideration day
before yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
32) to preventthe absence of territorial officers
from their official duties.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
mcxds in the chair.) When this bill was last
under consideration, an amendment was pro-
posed by the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes]
changing the phraseology of the first section.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. The original phraseology
of the bill is, I think, entirely correct, and com-
prehends all the cases for which the bill was
intended to provide. The adoption of tho
amendment may defeat, in some respects, the
object of the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed after a
third reading; and was read a third time, and
passed.
JAMES STARKEY.
Mr. RAMSEY. I' move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
600. It is a private bill, which can be readily
disposed of—a very small affair.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. G60) for the relief of Captain James
Starkey, was considered in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $100 to pay to
James Starkey, late captain of the St. Paul
light cavalry, the amount by him paid to Rich-
ard Postel, for the loss of a horse killed in a
fight with Indians in 1857.
Mr. g-RIMES. I call for the reading of the
report m that case.
The Secretary read the report made by the
Committee on Indian Affairs of the House of
Representatives, from which it appears that in
August, 1857, certain bands of Chippewas com-
mitted some depredations upon the frontier
settlements of Minnesota, and a serious out-
break was threatened, to quell which and to
restore peace and order the Governor of Min-
nesota Territory, Mr. Medary, ordered out the
St. Paul light cavalry, of which James Starkey
