1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1543
The SPEAKER. There will not; the report
must be voted upon as a whole.
Mr. BOYER. Then I shall vote against the
motion and leave the responsibility of the
failure, if the bill should tail, to those who
have left this important measure until so late
a day in the session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
that is a point of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsyl vania. It is a
pretty good speech though. [Laughter.]
^ The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Vermont allow the resolution of the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas] to be reported ?
Mr. MORRILL. I must object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to ask the Chair
what the rule is in regard to the appointment
of the committee of conference in case this
motion prevails. The Chair appoints the com-
mittee of conference, but will the Chair feel
bound by parliamentary law to appoint a com-
mittee representing the views of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means who have reported
these amendments, or will he appoint a com-
mittee representing the sense of the House
upon the bill as it passed at the last session ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question ; it would not be proper that he
should. If acommittee of conference is ordered
he will appoint it in this case as he appoints
them in all cases, in accordance with usage.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand there is no
parliamentary rule.
The SPEAKER. There is a parliamentary
rule in regard to the appointment of commit-
tees of conference, but the Chair cannot an-
swer in advance what he will do.
Mr. MORRILL. I decline to yield any fur-
ther, and move the following resolution: j
liesoheil. That the rules be suspended, so that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall be discharged from the further consideration of
House bill No. 718, and that the House non-concur
with the Senate amendment, and ask a cotnmitteeof
conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes
thereon.
Mr. BROMWELL and Mr. BENJAMIN
demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to inquire whether there are any non-con-
curring votes. ,
The SPEAKER. There are such evidently
so stated in the resolution.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. It does
not state the facts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks there
will be a great many if the House non-concurs.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 85, nays 86, not voting
19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Brandegee, Broomall,
Buckland, Bundy,, Reader W. Clarke, Conkling,
Darling. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Deming, Dixon. Eliot,
Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Higby,
Holmes, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Itubbard, Demas
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James K. Ilubbell, Hul-
burd, Jenckes, Kellev, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Longyear,
Lynch, Marvin, McClurg, McKee, McRuer, Mercur,
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy,
Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Scofield,
Shellabarger, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Thayer,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Hamilton Ward, Warner. William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wentworth, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson,
and Woodbridge—85.
NAY S—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, Baker, Benjamin, Bergen, Boyer,
Brorawell, Campbell, Chanlcr, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Cook, Cooper, Cullom, Dawson, Defrees, Dodge, Du-
mont, Eggleston, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Farquhar,
I' inck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Ab-
ner C. Harding, Harris, Hawkins, Hayes, Henderson,
Hill, Hise, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hunter, In-
gersoll, Julian, Kasson. Kelso, Kerr, Kuykendall,
Le ®lond, Leftwich, Loan, Marshall, Maynard,
McCullough, Moulton, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell,
Orth. Paine, PhelM, Price, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, vvuliam H. Randall, Raymond, Bitter,
Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Sloan, Stilwell, Stokes, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, Henry D. Washburn,
Whaley, James F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, and
Wright—86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Blow, Culver, Denison,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Hart, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Jones, Latham, Marston, Mc-
Indoe, Rogers, Ross, Nelson Taylor, Robert T. Van
Horn, and Elihu B. Washburne—19.
So the rules were not suspended.
RESOLUTIONS OF INDIANA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House concurrent resolutions of the
State Legislature of Indiana, instructing their
Senators and requesting their Representatives
in Congress to use their influence to procure the
passage of a bill equalizing bounties; which
were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
CLOSE OF DEBATH.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
LTnion on the forty-sixth and last section of the
tax bill and the amendments thereto be closed
in ten minutes after the committee shall re-
sume the consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the WThole on the special
order. *
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the L'nion, (Mr.
BouTWEL^in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the tax bill as the special order.
The section under consideration was the last
section of the bill, as follows:
Sec.46. Andbe it further enactcd, That sections sixty
and one hundred and fourteen of the act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30,1864, and sections
twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four,
twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight,
twenty-nine, thirty, thirtv-one, thirty-two, thirty-
three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-eight, thirty-
nine, forty, forty-one, forty-two, forty-three, forty-
four, forty-five, and sixty-one of the act amendatory
thereof, approved July 13,1866, be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending ques-
tion to be on the motion of Mr. Williams, to
amend the first line of this section by inserting
after the word "sixty"' the word "ninety-
seven."
Mr. WILLIAMS. The question, I believe,
is on an amendment moved by me when the
committee was last in session, to include in
this section the ninety-seventh section of the
act of 1804, so as to repeal that section also.
It is in itself but an extension to all contracts
of the principle overruled on full debate in
regard to the tax on gas, and affirmed by the
same committee in relation to railroad com-
panies, which is that wherever a value is
affected by the legislation of Congress that
circumstance gives to Congress an absolute
dominion over all contracts that are affected
by it. In this form, or nearly so, I have heard
the proposition stated in this House.
I must be allowed to say that disguise it as
we may it is a monstrous one. I never have
heard it successfully defended. I do not think
there is any lawyer here who will undertake
its championship. Nor do I regard the decis-
ion of the committee upon the question so far
as it related to railroad companies as indicat-
ing any opinion either way, although it may
have seemed to overrule the previous decision
of the committee in regard to gas companies.
I suppose it was a mere question as to the rel-
ative power of these two species of corpora-
tions, a question between the potency of gas
on the one hand, and that of steam on the
other, where, of course, the latter element pre-
vailed, as it generally does.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not look to par-
ticular interests in offering this amendment,
as I did not in my votes upon those two ques-
tions. I look only to the principle. I affirm
that this ninety-seventh section of the act of
1864 is a blot upon our statute-book which
ought to be wiped out at once. I believe it to
be entirely indefensible.
But if the doctrine be a sound one, that
wherever a value is affected by the action of
the Legislature, Congress may then interpose
in this way to readjust the relations that have
been disturbed, where is it to lead us? Most
of the legislation here has that effect. When-
ever you impose a duty or take one off, you
touch every contract connected with the article
so burdened or relieved. So it is also whenever
you contract or inflate the currency, which is
the measure of all values. But every man con-
tracts in view of such contingencies, and no
man has a right to expect the Government to
interpose for his relief. If it is proper to super-
add the tax to price agreed on and charge it
over to the consumer, then it would be equally
proper, where a duty has been taken oft and
the value of the article diminished, to re-
duce the price at the expense of the vender
for the benefit of the other party. It is said to
be a bad rule that will not work both ways. If
it is a good one in the case before us, it is
equally good in the opposite direction.
Now, sir, I hope this proposition will not be
voted down without consideration. Upon the
debate in regard to the gas amendment, at an
early stage of this bill, and when the House
was fresh and disposed to listen, I thought the
argument of the gentlemen who advocated the
retention of that feature of the old law was
run into the ground. The result was a vote
more decisive than any other I recollect to have
been ever cast against a recommendation of
the Committee of Ways and Means. We all
know, from our experience in the progress of
this and other bills, that it is sufficient to rally
members here in great majorities to say to
them, " Follow the committee." In that case,
however, they did not; they diS not respond
to the appeal, and I trust they will not in this
case.
This is all I have to say upon this question.
I affirm again that as a general principle the
section objected to cannot be defended. I do
not think any respectable court in the United
States would say that it is in the power of Con-
gress to change the terms of existing con-
tracts or to oblige a man to do what he has not
contracted to do, and at their own will to shift
the burden imposed by the contract upon one
party upon the shoulders of the other.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Committee
of the Whole will have no hesitation in reject-
ing the proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Williams] to pursue symmetries
and theories at the expense of consequences,
which the gentleman cannot have contemplated
or he would not have presented such a propo-
sition. *
Section ninety-seven of the act of July 30,
1864, was put where it is mainly out of regard
to the interests of Pennsylvania. There were in
that State owners and lessors of coal lands
who had stipulated under lease for long terms
to their lessees. The rent which they received
was a mere pittance, and the proposition to
impose a tax upon products and leave it for
the lessors to pay was grossly inequitable;
therefore, mainly in the interest of these very
parties, a provision was introduced which put
upon those to whom the profit accrued the
burden of the tax.
I differ in fact, although I will not now take
time to state my difference, with the proposition
of law which the gentleman states. But the
practical suggestion which the Committee of
the Whole need to bear in mind is that the
time has arrived when this object has almost
ceased to be practical in the cases which the
gentleman wishes to reach, and when the effect
of this repeal would be detrimental vastly
beyond anything which he seems to suppose.
Let me remind the committee of the case of
the manufacture of tobacco, of matches, and
many other cases which have been interwoven
into the bill now proposed and into the two
preceding bills upon this subject. Strike out
at one dash the permission given to the pro-
ducers to charge over to the consumers the
tax you impose, and where would you leave
