1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
was captain. This company, under his com-
mand. at once marched to the frontier and
fought with the Indians. The horse of Richard
Postel, a private in the company, was shot and
so wounded that it died. Captain Starkey,
believing the Government liable to pay for the
horse, paid private Postel 5100 in full satis-
faction of his claim and took his receipt. It
was worth a much larger sum. The accounts
connected with the expedition and growing out
of it were afterward sent to the War Depart-
ment, and most of them, excepting this one,
were paid. Postel has left the country, and
his place of residence is unknown. Under the
circumstances the committee believe that the
Government was liable to pay the value of the
horse, and as Captain Starkey has discharged
that liability they can see no reason why he
should not be substituted in the right of Postel
and reecive the $100.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
SOLDTRRS?1 AND SAILORS* ORPHAN HOME.
Mr. WILSON". I move to take up House
bill No. 848, amending the act of incorpora-
tion of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan
Home.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(H. 11. No. 848) to amend an act entitled
" An act to incorporate the National Soldiers'
and Sailors' Orphan Home," approved July
25, 18G6, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to repeal sections one, two,
three, four, five, six, and seven of the act of
July 25, I860, and to revoke all rights, powers,
and privileges thereby granted to the persons
therein named, and to constitute H. S. Grant,
W. T. Sherman, David G. Farragut, John
A. Dahlgren, Oliver 0. Howard, Lorenzo
Thomas, Amos 13. Eaton, Abram D. Gillette,
Charles II. Hall, Henry D. Cooke, and James
C. Carlisle, and their successors, a body-cor-
porate in the District of Columbia, by the
name of the National Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphan Home.
The, Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia reported two amendments. The first
was in section one, to strike out the names
" U. S. Grant, W. T. Sherman, David G.
Farragut, John A. Dahlgren, Oliver 0. How-
ard, Lorenzo Thomas, Amos B. Eaton, Abram
D. Gillette, Charles H. Hall, and James C.
Carlisle,'' and in lieu of thein to insert " David
1\. Cartter, John II. Seinmes, Franklin A.
Dick, W. B. Woodward, Byron Sunderland,
J. W. Alvord."
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out ''Byron Sunderland"
and inserting "J. II. El vans."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire why
the amendment is proposed?
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Sunderland's name was
put in without his knowledge, and he really
does not desire it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Why strike out the
names already in the House bill?
Mr. WILSON. Because we want to get the
institution into the hands of persons who can
attend to the business. These admirals and
generals have something else to do. We there-
fore take it entirely out of the Army and Navy,
and put it into the hands of the men here pro-
posed. Henry D. Cooke, and David K. Cart-
ter, are well known. John H. Seinmes is a
large business man here. Franklin A. Dick
is a lawyer here. W. B. Woodward is-a law-
yer. J. R. Elvans, whose name I proposed to
put in, is a business man. Mr. Alvord is a
very active, energetic, organizing man. The
object of the amendment is to put the institu-
tion into the hands of men who can attend to
it. It is certainly a matter that General Grant
and General Sherman and men of that class
cannot attend to. The institution is located
here in the city. The corporation has about
twenty- eight or thirty thousand dollars in money
and is taking charge of twenty or twenty-five
very poor children.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line seven, to strike out "five" and insert
'1 four;" so as to make the section read:
Sec. 3. And be it further cnactcd. That the persons
named in the second section of this act shall be tho
board of trustees of this corporation; and all vacan-
cies caused hy death, resignation, or otherwise in tho
office of trustee, shall be filled by the board by ballot,
without unnecessary delay, as may be provided in the
constitution and by-laws of the corporation. Four of
such trustees shall constitute a quorum for tho trans-
acting of all business of the corporation, and a ma-
jority of the votes present shall decide all questions
before it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in.
Mr. WILSON. In the fifth section, after
"sailors," in the eighth line, 1 move to insert
" and marines, without distinction of color;"
so as to read:
Sr,c. 5. And be it further cnactcdt That immediately
upon accepting this chartcr said trustees shall take
entire control and management of all property,
moneys, or other security or interest now hold or
used lor tho benefit of the National Soldiers' and Sail-
ors' Orphan Home in tho District of Columbia, of
which they nro hereby created trustoes, and shall
have power to establish a homo for and to support
and educate thedcstit.utcorphans of soldiers, sailors,
and marines, without distinction of color, who havo
died in the Into war in behalf ol' tlio Union of these
States, from whatever State orTerritory they may
havo entered the national service, or their orphans
may apply to enter tho Ilomo, and which is hereby
declared to be the object and purpose of said corpo-
ration, and to such end and for such u-o the said cor-
poration may take and hold property, real or per-
sonal, only to an account necessary for tho support
and maintenance of the Home and the orphans par-
taking of its benefits.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to bo en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
ORGANIZATION OF TIIE HOUSE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the chairman of the
Finance Committee does not propose to take
up tho tariff bill yet, I move that we proceed
to tho consideration of House bill No. 874.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (II.
R. No. 874) to regulate the duties of the Clerk
of tile House of Representatives in preparing
for the organization of the House, and for other
purposes, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The bill provides in its first section that be-
fore the first meeting of the next Congress, and
of every subsequent Congress, tho Clerk of tho
next preceding House of Representatives shall
make a roll of the Representatives-elect, and
place thereon the names of all persons claiming
seats as Representatives-elect from States which
were represented in the next preceding Con-
gress, and of such persons only, and whose
credentials show that they were regularly elected
in accordance with the laws of their States re-
spectively, or the laws of the United States.
The second section provides that in case of
a vacancy in tho office of Clerk of tho House
of Representatives, or of absence or inability
of the Clerk to discharge the duties imposed on
him by law or custom relative to the prepara-
tion ot the roll of Representatives or the organ-
ization of the Houjfe, those duties shall devolve
on the Sergeant-at-Arms of the next preceding
House of Representatives; and in case of va-
cancies in both of the offices mentioned, or of
the absence or inability of both the Clerk and
Sergeant-at-Arms to act, the duties shall he
performed by the Doorkeeper of tho next pre-
ceding House of Representatives.
The third section makes a violation of tho
provisions of the act by any of the officers men-
tioned a felony, punishable, upon conviction of
the offender, by imprisonment at hard labor for
a term of not less than one year nor more than
five years, in the discretion of the court.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed
to amend the bill by striking out the third sec-
tion.
Several Senators. Why strike it out?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee recom-
mended the striking out of the third section,
which imposes a penaltv for violation of the
performance of duty, on thi^rinciple, that that
is an unusual provision to put ill a law. Wo
impose a duty upon an officer, and then to make
it a felony if he does not perform it is a new
feature in legislation ; and a majority of the com-
mittee recommended that that section be struck
out on that ground.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think, sir, we passed
a bill or joint resolution at a former session on
this subject. I should like to know in what
respect this bill differs from the existing law,
there being one, asl understand, on this subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a House bill. I
understand that it differs by providing for other
officers. My recollection is that the law as it
stands provides only for the Clerk doing this
duty, and in case of the sickness or absence of
the Clerk there is nobody now provided for to
perform it. This bill provides that in case of
his absence or sickness the Sergeant-at-Arms,
and in case of his absence the Doorkeeper, shall
perform the duty. I think that is all the differ-
ence there is between this bill and the existing
law. It was before the Committee on the Ju-
diciary and I think wo all agreed to it with the
exception of the third section.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have no objection to
the addition of other officers besides the Clerk
in case of his abscnce; but if that be the only
objcct of the bill 1 do not understand why we
havo so much matter.
_ Mi\ TRUMBULL. There are but two sec-
tions in it now.
Mr. BUCKALEW. A provision enacting
simply that the duties charged upon tho Clerk
by the former law in case of his absence
should be performed by some other officer
would occupy but two or three lines, I sup-
pose, and would accomplish the whole pur-
pose of the House, as I understand the expla-
nation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps it might have
been more brietly drawn. I think the first
section reiterates what the former law is,
though I am not ccrtain but that the clause is
new, which provides "that the Clerk shall
place on his roll tho names of all persons
claiming seats as Representatives-elect from
States which were represented in the next
preceding Congress." I think that is new.
It applies only-to those Representatives from
States that were in the preceding Congress,
and provides that lie shall not put on others
from other States.
Mr. BUCKALEW. What would bo tho
action in the case of a new State?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ho would not put that
on unless they were represented in the pre-
ceding Congress under this bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to under-
stand what is tho object of this bill. If it be
to exclude persons not excluded by the exist-
ing law we ought to have the point distinctly
understood.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in. It was ordered
that tho amendment be engrossed and the bill
be read a third time. The bill was read tho
third time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. As the bill is now on
its final passage I ask that it lie over until to-
morrow until I can examine it in connection
with the former law. I move to postpone it
for the present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
its being laid aside if tho Senate desires to look
at it.
Tho motion to postpone was agreed to.
TARIFF 1311-iL.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, tho Senate
resumed the consideration of tho bill (H. 14.
No. 718) to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Wil-
ley, to strike out in lino thirty-eight of section
eleven of tho committee's amendment " torty"
