m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December ]L3,
enemies. All'over this rebel country the mid-
night.skies are lightened by the Burning school-
houses erected by the humanity, the charity,
and the Christianity of the eountiy to instruct
the darkened intellects of emancipated bond-
men. Adopt this provision that they shall be
requ^-ed to read and write, and their enemies
who are now burning their school-houses will
see to it that the school-houses they have
spared are given to the flames. Strike off this
qualification, let them vote at any rate, and
these jvicJ:ed people who are burning their
school-houses will cease to burn their school-
houses ; they will then join in building school-
houses for their instruction,
I have heard a great deal said, and it has
been -hinted at in the Senate, that we ought to
address ourselves to restricting suffrage in this
country instead of extending it. I hold that
doctrine to be at war with the fundamental
ideas upon which this Government rests. It
is an aristocratic, undemocratic doctrine that
ought to be scouted from the legislative halls
of America. I have no sympathy with it. I
say, and I am ready to maintain it anywhere,
that the extension of the suffrage in this coun-
try has tended to extend education and liberal
legislation, and to develop the moral, intellec-
iual, and physical resources of America. Yes,
sir, the extension of suffrage to the poor, to
the toiling men of thq country, has lifted them
up., inspired them with hope, ^nd developed
.everything that builds up a Christrian, demo-
cratic Commonwealth. I thank the Senator
from New Jersey for maintaining this doctrine
as he has done, so ably and so clearly. It i3
the doctrine of progressive Christian states-
manship.
The Senator from Connecticut has great def-
erence to the opinion of his State, as he ought
to have. I have a reasonable deference to the
opinions of the people of my State, but I will
say to myfriend from Connecticut, that I think
the constitutional provisions to which he refers
were born about a dozen years ago in those
States. The States of Massachusetts and Con-
necticut were not harmed by the ignorance of
the people; perhaps in 110 States were the
mass of the voters better cducatcd than in
those States; we could have absorbed all the
ignorance we had without any great harm to
- our institutions. That reading and writing
-provision was put into the constitution of my
State by my political associates and friends,
by the men who sent me to the Senate, but I
thought then they were mistaken. They put
another provision into the constitution, and
that was that a man should be required to re-
main two years in the State after he was nat-
uralized before he could vote. I openly op-
fosed it. I received denunciations for it; but
told them they would get it out of the con-
stitution as soon as possible, and it came out
of the constitution as soon as the standard of
rebellion was raised and our people, foreign-
born as well as native-born, thronged around
the banner of the country.
Sir, I believe in the right of suffrage for my
country. I believe in it far more for the poor
ignorant man. I believe that he is more of a
man when he has it, an'd that he will use it in
the future as he has in the past generally for
the elevation and protection of the poor and
lowly and dependent. No loyal man who has
the right of suffrage shall ever have it taken
away or abridged by me unless for crime. No
poor laboring man shall over accuse me before
the bar of man or of God of voting against
giving him the same right that I possess to go
to the ballot-box.
The Senator from Connecticut asked me if I
would vote for a man to come into the Senate
who could not read and write, or to go on to the
bench of the Supreme Court. Certainly I would
not. Then he asked this question: would you
raise a tribunal composed of men who could not
read and write, that should pass upon the acts
of the Senate and of the judicial tribunals of
the country ? I hope the Senator does not mean
to restrict the right of suffrage only to the few
who are capable of passing intelligently upon
the decisions of the Supreme Court and the
action of the Senate. He certainly could not
mean that. I would not vote for a man to
come into this Senate who could not read and
write, but I freely invite every man in this
country, whether he can read and write or not,
to pass judgment upon the acts of the Senate, ■
upon the words of Senators, and I believe that
the judgment of the masses of the country will
be generally correct.
It has been more than hinted that the people
are growing more corrupt. Sir, I do not be-
lieve it. I believe the history of the world can
furnish no such example of fidelity to country,
liberty, and justice as has been furnished by
the great mass of the people of this country
during the last four months. The whole power
and patronage of this Government, its corrupt
and corrupting "influences, have been freely
used, dishonorably used, all over the country,
to purchase, seduce, corrupt the masses of the
the people, and the people have emphatically
spurned these bribes. They have shown to the
world that they cannot be bought nor sold nor
corrupted by such influences. There are a few
corrupt men who may be bought or sold ; bift
the masses of the people of this country are
increasing in intelligence, are increasing in vir-
tue, and they vote more intelligently every year
of their lives. The country to-day is safer in
the hands of the masses of the people than it
was in the beginning of the eentury, when we
had restrictions, when we required men to hold
property in order to vote. Sir, I believe that
the men who made the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, who made the constitutions of the
several States, so made the constitutions of the
several States that a majority of the men who
fought the battles of the Revolution could not
vote and did not vote. I believe if you were
to bring back the laws that existed in 1789
that a majority of the men who fought the bat-
tles of their country in this rebellion could not
vote. The States required property qualifica-
tions so large that I doubt whether the majority
of the soldiers who fought the battles of the
rebellion would have property enough to vote
under the earlier constitutions of the States.
Sir, [Mr. Akthony in the chair,] in your State
up to a very late period this property qualifica-
tion existed. These restrictions upon suffrage
have been brushed away by the people them-
selves, and the cause of liberty, ju-stice, human-
ity, has been promoted by so doing.
I believe, Mr. President, we can educate these
frcedmen better by giving them the right of suf-
frage than we can if we keep them a lowly, de-
graded, and dependent class. We have applied
this principle to the men who have come into
the country from abroad. Suppose we had
refused the right of voting to the Englishman,
the Irishman, the German, and other emigrants
to this country, they would have been nothing
but'the hewers of wood and drawers of water
to this people. Giving them the right of suf-
frage, although misused often and abused, has
advanced their condition and the development
of the country. I am ready to apply the princi-
ple and accept the consequence of manhood
suffrage. Christian democracy bids us lift the
lowly up, and we shall find it safe to be just.
It has been hinted here by my friend from
Connecticut that these enfranchised men may
not always vote as we think they should vote.
He reminds me that I have said they know
their friends. Amid all the trials and dark-
ness and outrage of the last seven years they
knew the old flag; they knewthe boys in blue,
they knew the men who were fighting for the
country and liberty; they revered the name
of Abraham Lincoln, their emancipator, next
to the God that made them ; they were always
for their country; they prayed for-it,_ they
fought for it, and they will stand by it in the
the future as in the past.
The Senator says they may be kindly treated
and may be won by kind words and deeds.
Sir, 1 hope they will be kindly treated. One
of the chief reasons why I am for suffragefor
them is that they may be kindly treated. What
do we witness to-day? In the Stats of Texas
it is said that nearly two thousand freedmen
have been murdered since the close of the rebel-
lion. I am told by General Hamilton that he
has knowledge of hundreds of them. Seventy-
•nine are known to have been murdered in the
State of Georgia, and double thp,t number are
believed to have been. Who has been con-
victed, who has been punished for these hun-
dreds of murders, and for these terrible cruel-
ties and outrages that have been perpetrated
upon them? Nobody. Two men were sen-
tenced to death injhe State of Georgia a year
ago last spring for murdering an old woman
over sixty years of age, shooting her down and
then beating her brains out with stones, and
the President of the United States pardoned
them. Where are the others? Phil. Sheri-
dan says it is folly to think of trying a white
man for the murder of a freedman in his de-
partment. What white man has been tried,
convicted, and executed for these hundreds,
ay, thousands of murders that have taken place
in the old slave-holding States? None.
We want to change all this.' I want the
ballot in the hands of these men so that their
lives, their homes, their school-houses, their
churches, .their wives, and their children will
be safe. If, when theseroen have got the power
in their hands to protect themselves, the white
men will give them their rights, build their
school-houses, instruct them, employthem, deal
honestly with them, protect the brutal, ignor-
ant, cross-road, bai-room rowdies that infest
portions of the country, I say if they will do
justice, God will bless them for doing it. If
the black man votes for the men who are just
and humane, I shall not upbraid him. I do
not believe the negro is to be any party's slave
if you put the ballot in his hands. I want to
call the attention of my Democratic friends
especially to that point.
Our Democratic friends in Massachusetts
have been sneering at me for years for advo-
cating the emancipation of the negro and for
his enfranchisement and elevation. What do
we now witness? This autumn, in the cities
of Boston and Charlestown, two black men
were elected to the Legislature. One of them
was an educated soldier, a lieutenant in the
Army, whose leg had been shot off in a battle
in South Carolina. He was elected in Boston.
The other gentleman was a lawyer of good
standing, a man of capacity and character in
the city of Charlestown, residing right under
the shadow of Bunker Hill. Last Monday
there was an election for mayor, -aldermen,
and common councilmen in the city of Boston.
In the third ward the colored men thought they
ought to have one of the councilors, and in
the Republican nominating convention they
did not get what they wanted. A colored man
was taken up at once by the Democratic party
and put upon iheir ticket. The black candi-
date on their ticket ran ahead of any one of
their other candidates. One of the Republicans
ran behind. The lowest on the Republican
ticket received four hundred and ninety-four
votes; the highest on the Democratic tickct, a
black man, 'Mr. Brown, received four hundred
and ninety-four votes, so there was no choice.
Another election was ordered, and on Wed-
nesday the spectacle was witnessed of the
Democracy of the third ward of Boston going
up to the ballot-boxes, their candidate a negro,
and the Republicans going up to the ballot-
boxes, their candidate a white man, and we
know to-day who won. [Laughter.]
Senators, give the negro the right of suf-
frage in this District, and before a year passes
round you will see Mayor Wallach and alder-
men and common councilmen attending their
schools, making speeches to them at their
meetings. You will see these men, who voted
that they should not have the right to vote,
running after them and inquiring after the
health of their wives and children. These
negroes will then be just as sweet as anybody
else. ^Laughter.] I do not think the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] will be examining
their pelvis or shins, or making speeches abopt
the formation of their lips or the angle of their
