1544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
those producers? You would annihilate com-
pletely the manufacture of matches; and in
the case of the manufacture of tobacco in many
of its forms the same result would follow. And
unless the gentleman tells me that contracts
made prior to July, 1864, have so far trans-
pired that they would not be seriously affected
by his proposition, I contend it would be un-
just to offer it; and if they have, then this
proposition is vox et prceterea nihil; sound and
nothing else. But if there be any contracts left
for his proposition to act upon, as there are in
truth, then this repeal would be grossly unjust.
Now, the only way to cure this difficulty of
symmetry, (and I frankly admit that there is
such a difficulty, though not objectionable to
the extent which the gentleman has stated,)
the only way to cure it is to revise the entire
tax bill, and try to apportion these various
taxes so that you can with propriety and safety
say that the producer, the person who derives
the profit in a large class of cases, and not the
consumer, shall pay the tax. I hope the com-
mittee will try no such experiment as would
be tried if the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams] should
prevail.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If a thing is wrong, is
unconstitutional, is it to be met by the argu-
ment ab inconvenienti ?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not admit at all that
it is unconstitutional. On the contrary, if the
gentleman will make to me an argument to
show that this section is unconstitutional, I
will make to him an argument to show that a
dozen other sections of the tax bill are uncon-
stitutional upon precisely the same principle.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very likely.
Mr. CONKLING. At the proper time I
wish to offer as a substitute for this section a
very brief section, which will accomplish the
very object sought to be accomplished by this
section, but which, however, I think it fails to
accomplish; and if the time suffices I will state
briefly the difficulty with this section. It enu-
merates certain sections which the Committee
of Ways and Means recommend should be re-
pealed. Since that recommendation was made
great changes have been made in this bill; and
hence if we repeal those sections now by num-
bers we may leave other complicating sections
standing upon the statute-book by omitting sec-
tions which we ought to enumerate. I there-
fore propose an amendment to strike out
section forty-six and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
And be it further enacted. That all acts and parts of
acts inconsistent with this act are hereby repealed;
and sections?ixty and one hundred and fourteen of
an act entitled "An act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved June
30,1864, are also hereby repealed.
I will state that sections sixty and one hun-
dred and fourteen the committee and the House
propose to repeal to carry out the free list.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Conkung] to
strike out will be in order when the question
shall have been taken on the amendment pro-
posing to perfect the text. The pending ques-
tion is upon the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Williams,] to insert
in line eleven of the forty-sixth section after
"sixty-one" the words "and ninety-seven."
Mr. CONKLING. Would it be in order for
the Chairman to state to the committee that
the section proposed to be repealed by the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is that section which enables producers
to add to the price of the article the amount
of the tax.
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in
order.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Would
it be in order to state there is no such section
in the law as section ninety-seven? The act
contains only seventy-one sections.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The amendment of Mr. Williams was not
agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I now offer the following
amendment, which I have already indicated:
Strike out section forty-six and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
And be it farther enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with this act are hereby repealed;
and sections sixty and one hundred and lourtcen of
an act entitled "An act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and forother purposes," approved Juno
30,1834, are also hereby repealed.
Mr. ALLISON. What is the effectof that?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer an amendment, !
which, as it proposes to perfect the text, takes
precedence of the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York. I move to amend by
inserting after "sixty-six," in the last line of
section forty-six, the words "together with all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent herewith ;" !
so that the section will read thus: ;
And be it further enacted. That sections sixty and
one hundred and fourteen of the act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1864, and sec-
tions twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-
four, twenty-live, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-
eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two,
thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-eight,
thirty-nine, forty, forty-one, forty-two, forty-three,
forty-four, forty-live, and sixty-one of the act amend-
atory thereof, approved July 13,1866, together with
all acts and parts of acts inconsistent herewith, be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
The amendment of Mr. Morrill was
agreed to.
Mr. WARD, of Kentucky. I mowi to amend
the pending section by inserting after "sixty-
six," in the last line, the words " and so much
of sections seventy-four and one hundred and
sixty-four as relate to turnpike roads."
The amendment of Mr. Ward, of Kentucky,
was agreed to—ayes eighty-seven, noes not
counted.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Conkling.]
Mr. CONKLING. In view of the adoption
of the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, I modify my amendment, so as to read
as follows:
Strike outsection forty-six, and insert in lieu there-
of the following:
And be it further enacted. That all acts and parts of
acts inconsistent with this act are hereby repealed ;
and so much of sections seventy-four and one hun-
dred and sixty-four as relate to turnpike roads, and
sections sixty and one hundred and fourteen of an
act entitled "An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interest on the pub-
lic debt, and for other purposes," approved June 30,
1S64, are also hereby repealed,
On the amendment of Mr. Conkling, there
were—ayes 40, noes 28; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Moerill
and Conkling were appointed.
The House divided; 'and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-three, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
message from the president.
The Committee of the whole rose infor-
mally ; and the Speaker having resumed the
chair, a message in writing from the President
of the United States, was delivered to the
House through Mr. W. G. Moore, his Private
Secretary.
tax bill—again.
The House again, in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bout-'
well in the chair,) resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1161) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to internal revenue.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by add-
ing the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted. That whenever fraud
has been, or may be alleged by the Government
officials to have been, perpetrated by the distillers or
rectifiers of distilled spirits, and the person charged
denies the same and tenders to the assessor bonds with
sufficient sureties, to be approved by said assessor, in
double the amount of the alleged fraud, to appear at
the district courtofthe United States for the proper
district and answer the charge of fraud, either on in-
dictment or in a civil suit, which the Government is
hereby authorized to institute, and if the same be
found against him to pay the full amount of said
verdict and costs and abide by the sentence of the
court, then no further proceedings shall be had by
the assessor or collector, but the case shall be re-
turned to said court, to be proceeded in to final
judgment as in othercases. Until such decision the
defendant shall be permitted the free use of his
property.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I move to'add thefollowing
as an additional section :
Afid be it further enacted. That any inspectors of
distilleries appointed under the provisions of this
act shall be required to giv* -Bond with security,
appro ved by the Secretary of the Treasury or assessor
of the district, in a sum of not less than $1,000, condi-
tioned for the faithful discharge of the duties of such
inspector.
Mr. SLOAN. I move the following substi-
tute for that amendment:
That the office of inspector of distillery is hereby
abolished.
The committee divided on the amendment
to the amendment; and there were—ayes
twenty-six ; noes not counted.
Mr. SLOAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sloan and
Mr. Allison were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 48, noes 51. -
So the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. SLOAN. I move the following amend
ment to the amendment:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That all inspectors of spirits and distilleries, and
all other inspectors of internal revenue, shall be
appointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That is
already in the bill.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 23, noes 65.
So the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. DARLING. I move to strike out
$1,000 and insert §5,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. Miller's amendment, as amended, was
agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON made some verbal amend-
ments ; which were agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That so much
of any existing act of Congress as authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to retire from circulation
any part of the United States notes in circulation,
or now in the Treasury, shall be, and is hereby, re-
pealed, and it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay out in pursuance of law all
such United States notes as maybe or may come into
the Treasury, retaining in the Treasury only such
amounts as the public interests may require.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a point of order,
that the amendment is not germane to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. FARQUHAR moved the following as
an additional section:
Sec. -*-. That nothing in this act or the acts of which
it is amendatory shall be construed as preventing
distillers from making what is known and understood
by manufacturers as " Bourbon" whisky.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 17, noes 49.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I ask by unanimous
consent a vote be allowed on this amendment
in the House.
Mr. MORRILL. I object.
Mr. HILL moved the following as an addi-
tional section:
47. And be it further enacted. That section nine-
teen of the act entited 4'An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay interest
on the pubhc debt, andforotherpurposes,"approved
July lo, looo, be, and the same is hereby, amended
by. striking out the word "six" wherever it occurs in
"eightee & inserting in lieu thereof the word
The House divided : and
38, noes 64.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky, moved the
following as an additional section :
And be itfurther enacted, &c.. That the Commissioner
01 Internal Revenue is hereby authorized, with the
there were—ayes
