106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
of other States. As a part of the punishment
for larceny, it is provided that upon conviction
thereof the party—
"Shall be fined not exceeding double the value of
the goods stolen, be imprisoned in the State prison
not less than two nor more than fourteen years, and
be disfranchised and rendered incapable of holding
any office of trust or profit for any determinate
period."
I suppose similar legislation is found in the
.other States. I have not taken the trouble to
examine. Then, sir, a proposition to take
away the right of voting from sixty-eight men
by ah act of Parliament because of an offense
committed before that time was regarded as a
bill of attainder, a bill of pains and penalties.
The act of Congress to which I have referred,
the act of Congress to which the Senator from
Wisconsin has referred, applies in express terms
to the stripping of the citizen of his citizenship
as a punishment for a crime, and the laws of
the State do the same. In this bill we propose
to take away from men the right to vote which
they now enjoy under existing laws because
of a crime committed before this time. Can
that be done when the Constitution prohibits
the enactment of an ex post facto law?
Upon the general proposition, I have but
very little to say in regard to this bill. I will
not vote for it. In regard to the people of this
District, I hold that I occupy the same rela-
tion to them that I would to the people of the
State of Indiana were I a member of the Legis-
lature of that State. The people of the Dis-
trict I understand to be my constituency in
passing laws that-are to govern them anj} them
only. By a very large vote, almost unanimous,
they have declared that they want no such
law as this. If I were a representative in the
Legislature of Indiana, and all the people of
the State of Indiana at a popular election,
except thirty-five, were to say to me not to
vote for a bill, would I dare to vote for it?
Would any Senator in his State Legislature,
being instructed by all the people except thirty-
five to vote against a measure, dare to vote for
it? I think every Senator will say he would
not, that he would regard so strong an expres-
sion of the popular desire as controlling his
conduct. Then, sir, when we legislate for the
people of this District, enacting a law not
affecting our constituencies at home at all,
but only affecting the. people of this District,
why have they not the right to instruct us?
If all the people desire that a law shall not
be passed,-why will we not respect that in-
struction? I cannot understand that Congress
being clothed with the legislative power for
this District has the power to disregard the de-
sires of the people. Are laws not to be made
agreeable to the people that are to obey them ?
Is not that a general principle of popular gov-
ernment? But because these people in the
District do not elect us, because we are not
dependent upon their votes for our offices,
have we a right to disregard their wishes? In
regard to the people of Indiana, when the law
affects them I should obey their wish; and
when I come to vote upon a bill that affects
only the people of the District, it seems to me,
for the purposes of that bill, they arc my
constituency and I must respect their will.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, at this stagg
of the debate, when the Senate are exceedingly
anxious to vote, in which anxiety I certainly
participate, I shall content myself rather with
stating my positions upon the question than
arguing or giving reasons for them. It is ne-
cessary, perhaps, in order that my position
may be fully understood, that I state very
briefly how I shall vote, and still more briefly
the reasons for that vote.
I understand, first, that all the just powers
of government derive their authority from the
consent of the governed. Here is a proposi-
tion to confer, first, the right of suffrage upon
the colored people of this District without qual-
ification. Ail amendment proposes to confer
that same right with certain qualifications. I
shall vote to confer the right upon the colored
Eeople of the District without regard to quali-
cations, recognizing simply that they are the
governed in this District, that they are citizens
by virtue of the civil rights bill, by virtue of
the constitutional amendment, from the fact
that they are native, born to the manor. I,
then, shall vote for this proposition without
any qualification or restrictions.
I do not feel with my distinguished colleague
that I am simply the representative of the peo-
ple of the District. I read in the Constitution
of the United States that Congress shall have
exclusive legislative jurisdiction over the ten
miles square to be ceded to the United States
for the purposes of a General Government. In
my vote here to-day I am equally the repre-
sentative of the whole people of the United
States as I am the representative of the people
of this District. If weare alone the represen-
tatives of the people of the District, why are
we not-alone elected by the people of the Dis-
trict? This is a great question in which the
whole people are interested, every voter in
Indiana precisely as much as every resident in
the District of Columbia. Our power to legis-
late is full and plenary over all subjects of
legislation. Then the only question is, whether
the right of suffrage is a proper subject of legis-
lation? If so, our power is complete and
ample over the whole subject. I believe that
no man will doubt the constitutional power of
Congress to legislate upon all subjects proper
to be legislated upon, and that the right of
suffrage is one of the subjects most peculiarly
within our legislative jurisdiction.
But we are told that we should not force this
measure upon an unwilling constituency, tak-
ing it for granted that the people of this Dis-
trict upon this subject are alone our constitu-
ents, that we should not force it upon them,
because they, the citizens of this District, by a
deliberate vote, have determined that they do
not desire any such thing. Who has determined
it? Who ordered this election, and who voted
at this election? Your mayor and common
council, without any authority of law what-
ever, ordered an election in the District to
determine upon a question over which they
had no possible jurisdiction. They derive all
their power to legislate from the acts of Con-
gress. They have an act of incorporation
allowing them to do certain things and to legis-
late upon certain subjects; but where is the
authority of your mayor and common council
to order an election to instruct the people's
representatives as to the legislation in this
District? Where is any such authority? The
whole election was unauthorized and a volun-
tary act upon the part of the people of this
District, and was so regarded by very many
of the most loyal residents of the District.
Such was their understanding of this election
and its invalidity that they refused to attend
the polls ; and hence it is that you have only
thirty-five votes in favor of this proposition.
But by your legislation you have made the
colored people of this District citizens. The
question now is, whether you shall enfranchise
them. The men who have oppressed them,
who have grown rich upon their unrequited
toil for two hundred years, meet in solemn
conclave and resolve that the colored man, a
freeman and citizen as he is, shall not lie per-
mitted to vote! If you wish a vote, pass an
act of Congress and let all vote, the colored as
well as the white, and then there may be some
validity and some authority in your election.
So much for the instructions that we have
received upon this subject.
I shall vote to enfranchise the colored resi-
dents of this District because I believe it is right,
just, and proper, because I believe it is in
accordance with those two grand central truths
around which cluster every hope for redeemed
humanity, the common fatherhood of God above
us and the brotherhood of universal mankind.
I go to the original principle and right of the
question, and hence I shall vote to enfranchise
the colored people of this District.
But gentlemen tell us they are not. qualified
to vote. What are the two constituent elements
which should enter into the character of a good
voter? Loyalty first, and intelligence secondly.
These are the only two elements which need
necessarily enter into the constitution of a good
voter—patriotism and intelligence—in order to
exercise appropriately the right of suffrage.
First, as to loyalty, how does it standin this Dis-
trict ? According to numbers, the colored popu-
lation have furnished more soldiers to the Army
of the Republic than the white residents of the
District. The report of your Provost Marshal
Generalshowsit. Their patriotismisundisputed.
Their color, a badge as it is of oppression and
degradation and servitude, is equally a badge
known and read of all men of loyalty and de-
votion to the Government under which we live.
Their loyalty has been tested everywhere upon
the battle-field and in administering kindly to
your prisoners. They were and have been the
loyal element. They have turned out nobly
to defend the country. Without any attack
upon the people of the District, the records
of the provost marshal's office show that hero
at least, in proportion to numbers, they have
given more soldiers to the Army than have the
patriotic white residents of the District. Then
we have the first element—loyalty.
Now, secondly, as to their intelligence, my
distinguished colleague from Indiana says that
although opposed to this test of intelligence as
applied to white men, yet, under the peculiar
circumstances of the case, he is in favor of
applying it to colored men. For the last two
hundred years it has been impossible for these
poor slaves to educate themselves. Under
the laws of many of the States it has been a
penal offense to teach them their letters, and
to read the Gospel of eternal truth and to teach
them to r^ad it has been a penitentiary offense.
These poor people have hitherto had no oppor-
tunity ofeducation, no opportunity of learning;
and because they cannot read and write now
they are to be disfranchised, while white men
who have had the advantages of free institutions
and of the means of education are to be per-
mitted to vote in ignorance, the result of their
own want of attention, perhaps, or want of
disposition. It is not proper to apply the test
to the white man who cannot read, but alto-
gether proper to apply it to the colored man
who has had no possible opportunity to learn
to read! T think the ballot itself is worth all
the schools and all the schoolmasters to edu-
cate voters to enable them to vote intelligently.
You have freed by your legislation and by
your constitutional amendment four and a half
million slaves: you have made them citizens,
free before the law, free before the Constitution
as it soon will bo declared. Now, sir, one of^
two things is true: you must either give these
colored people the right to protect themselves,
or you must take upon yourselves for all time
to come the duty of their protection, for they
cannot be abandoned. They must be enabled
to protect themselves oryoumust protecttnera.
If yon protect them, you must continue m oper-
ation your charitable associations, yourFreed-
men's Bureau, your civil rights bill, and all
that system of legislation, or you may abandon
them the very moment you permit them to vote.
Then they are self protecting, self-sustaining.
I vote therefore to confer this ballot upon the
colored people here because of our duty to pro-
tect them, and because it is cheaper and in
every sense better to give them self-protection
than to extend to them the protection of the
Government. So much in reference to that.
Now, in reference to their intelligence, we
find that in the District of Columbia the colored
people subscribe, pay for, and read over five
thousand daily newspapers. We find that they
have seven thousand colored children in their
own schools. We find that they hav,e religious,
benevolent, and philanthropic associations sus-
tained alone by the colored people of the Dis-
trict. That would argue, to my mind, a state
of intelligence far from dangerous to the public
liberty of the country.
But my distinguished colleague would not
force this right of suffrage upon an unwilling
people. Do you not remember that the same
protest was urged by these same resident citi-
zens of Washington against the emancipation
