1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1547
construction of the internal revenue depart-
ment, cotton is taxed as manufactured within
the district where it is grown?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. BLAINE. Is not the tax dependent
upon its removal?
Mr. MORRILL. Not at all. I understand
all cotton that is manufactured anywhere in
this country must pay a tax; but if the manu-
factured article goes out of the countiyunmixed
with anythingelseit is allowed the same amount
per pound as drawback as was paid on the raw
cotton, which will be a loss to the party of
about fifteen per cent., the Government deriv-
ing the entire amount of duty upon the cotton
in its raw unmanufactured state, and paying
back only that amount after the loss to which
the article is subjected in the process of manu-
facture.
Mr. BLAINE. That is n«t my point; but
it is whether or not the cotton-mill that is
located near the plantation, and to which the
cotton has to be removed, pays any tax upon
the raw cotton?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. BLAINE. The law, I understand, is
construed differently.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will read
it he can construe it himself.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not construe it that
way, but I ask whether the practice is not to
construc it thus ?
Mr. MORRILL. Not that I am aware of.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Such a construction
would be right in the teeth of the law.
Mr. ROLLINS.. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether, if the tax is taken off cotton,
the whole amount of revenue collected in the
southern States will pay the expense of col-
lecting it? I understand it will not; that all
the ten States together will not pay as much
by a million dollars as the little State of Rhode
Island. And while I am up I ask the gen-
tleman's permission to submit the following
table, taken from the Commissioner's report,
verifying the fact I have stated:
Statement of internal revenue taxes collected in
the rebel States for 1866, as per Commission-
er' s report.
States.
Total Tax. i Cotton Tax.
Alabama  $4,101,340 81
.Arkansas  256,137 12
Florida  98,215 22
Georgia  4,284,918 28
Louisiana  C,055,219 75
Mississippi  781,20103
North Carolina 413,015 46
South Carolina 986,253 35
Texas  1,571,540 85
Virginia  1,151,847 19
Total  19,699,749 0o'
Other
sources.
$3,733,620 25
203,073 84
97,488 24
3,554,544 38
4,300,1.50 17
756,629 27
211,658 57
731,939 67
1,395,524 17
168,268 29
$367,720 56
53,063 28
726 98
730.373 90
1,755,069 57
24,631 76
201,356 89
254,313 68
176,016 68
983,578 90
15,152,896 85' 4,546,852 20
So that by the operation of the amendment
of the gentleman from 'Maine the tax of the
ten rebel States is reduced to $4,546,852 20,
or more than $1,200,000, less than the small
State of Rhode Island. This amount distrib-
uted through the ten States would hardly pay
the expenses of collection, and it would be as
well to except those.States from the operation
of the internal revenue laws. If this amend-
ment is to stand it might be appropriately enti-
tled "An act to increase taxation in the loyal
for the benefit of the rebel States."
Mr. MORRILL. All I have to say further
upon this subject is that I conceive it better
that the bill should fail than that this tax should
be stricken out.
The next amendment upon which I ask a
separate vote is No. 80, on page 16, in relation
to exempting the products of hand-looms.
While I sympathize with the manufacturers of
two-ply and three-ply carpets, I doubt the pro-
priety of putting in this amendment, especially
in its present form. I do not feel authorized
to state how far this would go or how much it
would exempt; but I certainly think it would
exempt very much more than what appears
upon the pimple face of the amendment. I
regret that the old hand-loom and hand-spin-
ning-wheel have gone out of date; that we
have no longer the pursuit of the art of what
used to be called home manufacture in every
house, and that the hand-looms referred to
in this amendment are now employed in large
establishments where it is found necessary or
practicable to use them. For aught I know,
the same description of goods may be made by
steam-power. I hardly conceive it proper,
therefore, for us to make a provision that
articles shall be subject to a tax if made in
one way, and shall be exempt from it if made
in another way.
The amendment on page 8 in relation to
taxing gas companies I wish also reserved,
and these I believe are all.
Mr. DELANO. I desire a separate vote on
the one hundred and twenty-seventh amend-
ment, which provides that where whisky is
taken upon giving bonds to the assessor it
shall be restored, and the question shall be
referred to the courts. It is a new section.
The same principle was attempted to be intro-
duced into the bill last winter applying to
everything, and it was defeated. It certainly
ought not to be applied to this article, for the
only way that we can attempt to collect this tax
is by the most stringent laws we can enact. |
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from j
Vermont will allow me one minute. |
Mr. MORRILL. I would be glad to do so;
but I am besieged on all sides.
Mr. STEVENS. It is in relation to the
tax on cigars. The present law cuts up all our
cigar interest. It is just a New England cigar-
box. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the gentle-
man from Vermont to declare himself in favor
of a dead-level tax on cigars, as we term it. I
ask him whether he proposes to abandon his
own bill, which provides for a classification?
It is the amendment of the gentleman from [
Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] which proposes a
dead-level tax. What I propose is to let the !
law, which has never been fairly tried, remain j
as it is, and merely apply a twenty per cent, ad
valorem,.
Mr. MORRILL. I do propose to stand by
the bill which we have reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then what does the gen-
tleman mean by an argument in favor of a
dead-level tax, which is not his bill?
Mr. MORRILL. What I meant was that I
was in favor of a dead-level tax but as a compro-
mise with the gentleman from Ohio and others.
I was willing that the cigars of the cheapest
kind should come in at a very low rate. And
in response to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania I will say that the information before the
Committee of Ways and Means is that frauds
are more extensively practiced in the gentle-
man's district than in any other in the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. All I can say is that in
my district the dead-level tax cuts up the whole
trade. We lose over a million dollars in my
own county by this infamous tax.
Mr. BID WELL. I ask a separate vote on
the amendment in relation to brandy made
from grapes, on page 10.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask for
a separate vote on all the amendments after
No. 122, including all the new sections that
came in this morning.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask a separate vote on
the amendment on page 15, line sixty-seven,
striking out the words "locomotives and ma-
rine" before the word "engines."
The rest of the amendments in which sepa-
rate votes were not demanded were agreed to.
The House then proceeded to vote upon the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole,
upon which separate votes had been asked.
The first amendment was to strike out the !
following, in lines forty-five and forty-six of
the bill:
In paragraph sixteen, strike out ".$100" and insert
in lieu thereof "$500."
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 83, nays 67.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. WARD, of Kentucky, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 67, nays 78, not voting;
45; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Arnell, Deloa
R. Ashley, Baker, Bergen, Boyer, Brotnwell. Buck-
land, Campbell, Cooper, Dawson, Defrees, Eldridge,
Farquhar, Finok, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Hale,
Aaron Harding, Harris, Hawkins, Ilise, Hogan,
Hooper, Edwin N. Habbell, Humphrey, Hunter, In-
gersoll.Kerr, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, Le Blond,
Leftwieh, Loan, Marshall, Maynard, McCullough,
McKee, Miller, Moorhead, Newell, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Noeil, Orth, Paine, Samuel J. Randall, William
H. Randall, Ritter, Rousseau, Shanklin, Spalding,
Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes, Strouse, Tabcr, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Andrew H. Ward, Henry 1). Washburn, Wil-
liams, and Wright—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwcll, Blaine,
Boutwcll, Brandegee, Broomall, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Darling, Davis, Dawes,
Derning, Dixon, Dodge, Eggleston, Eliot, Ferry, Gar-
field, Grinnell, Griswold, Henderson, lligby, Holmes,
Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard. Demas Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, James R. llubbell, Jenckes. Ju-
lian, Kasson.Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, William Law-
rence, Longyear, Marvin, McRuer, Mercur, Morrill,
Morris, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill,Patterson,Perham,
Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Raymond, Alexander H.Rice,
Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck. Scofield, Shellabarger,
Thayer, John L. Thomas, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, William B.
Washburn, Wentworth, James F. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Barker, Benjamin,
Bingham, Blow, Bundy, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cul-
ver, Delano, Denison, Donnelly, Driggs, Duniont,
Eckley, Farnsworth, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes,
Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jones, Kuyken-
dall, Laflin, Latham, Lynch, Marston, McClurg, Mc-
Indoe, Phelps, Plants, Radtord, John H. Rice, Rog-
ers, Ross, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Starr, Francis Thomas,
Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Welker.
Whaley, and Winfield—45.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment was to arri^id lines
forty-eight and forty-nine of the bill, so as to
read as follows:
Provided, That no special tax shall be required of
any person for the manufacture of hominy, brooms,
cider, bread, butter, sausages, sauerkraut, wine, and
cheese.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
fifty-four, fifty-five, and fifty-six, as follows:
Strike out in the paragraph relating to gas the
words "and until the 30th day of April, 1867."
■ The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 55, noes 41.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. MORRILL called for tellers.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I call for the yeas and
nays on agreeing to this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I would ask the Speaker to
state to the House the effect of this amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would prefer
that the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means should state the subject of it, as he
is probably more familiar with the subject.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Debate is not in order. I prefer to have the
Speaker explain it.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order.
I ask if it would be in order for the Chair to
state to the House that those who vote "ay"
on this amendment will vote for allowing gas
companies to continue to charge their tax over
to the consumer, while those who vote "no"
will vote for preventing them from doing so?
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman has stated
it exactly opposite to what it really is. [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, if
gentlemen desire it, especially as tellers and
the yeas and nays have both been called, what
the effect of this amendment will be, as I un-
derstand it. Under the provisions of a pre-
vious tax bill gas companies were allowed the
privilege of adding the tax paid to the Gov-
ernment in their bills against consumers of the
gas, up to the 30th day of April, 1867. This bill,
as reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means, proposed to strike out that limitation
of time, so that hereafter the companies should
be allowed to charge that tax over to the con-
sumers without any limit. The Committee of
the Whole recommend that that paragraph be
