1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
of the slaves in this District? Would-my col-
league recall that glorious act, that act which
flashed like a sunburst of liberty in the dark-
ness of our legislation upon the subject of
African slavery in this District and under the
shadow of the Capitol? Would he recall that
act emancipating the slaves in the District?
Would any man recall it? Would he again
rivet the chains of slavery upon the freed limbs
of these emancipated slaves? And yet that
act was passed jover the earnest remonstrance
of the jpeople of the District. When we placed
them m the Army they remonstrated against
that, and against the general proclamation of
emancipation. They have thrown themselves
across the pathway of the onward march of
this nation to the redemption of the nation
and the supremacy of free institutions from
the beginning of the rebellion to the present
moment. What act of ours calculated to sup-
press the rebellion has yet met the approba-
tion of the white residents of the District of
Columbia? Not one single one.
Mr. President, I shall vote to enfranchise
and give the right of suffrage to the colored
people of this District. But gentlemen ask
me if I would force negro suffrage upon the
States lately in rebellion. I understand that
under the Constitution of the United States
the right of suffrage is left to be regulated by
the respective States as they see fit. Those
loyal States that have never forfeited their
right to participate in the Government of the
country have to-day fall control over that
whole subject. Whenever the rebel States
shall be remitted to their rights under the Con-
stitution and permitted to participate in the
government of the country, when their rela-
tions to the Federal Government shall be fully
restored, the regulation of the right of suffrage
may appertain to them ; but they never can be
remitted to those rights except upon the terms
and at the time that the Congress of the
United States shall permit them. We have
proposed to them the constitutional amend-
ment. One reason why I voted for that amend-
ment was that I supposed that in order to
retain their political power in the country they
themselves, when remitted to their constitu-
tional relations, would permit the colored
people to vote.
I yet believe that will be the operation of the
constitutional amendment. But suppose they
reject it, what then? We have held up to the
rebellious States the constitutional amendment
as the brazen serpent was held up in the
wilderness to the children of Israel. We tell
them to look approvingly upon the constitu-
tional amendment and be healed from all the
evils inflicted by the fiery serpents of treason,
sedition, and rebellion. If they look not, then
they perish in their sins and in the wilderness,
and by my vote shall never get representation
in these Halls. When they shall reject that
amendment giving to them the full power to
determine the right of suffrage in their own
States, it will be necessary perhaps to resort to
other means. What are those other means?
To assert all the constitutional power which
devolves upon Congress. We alone have the
power to restore, to reconstruct, to revivify,
to resurrect; and without the almighty power
of Congress neither the President nor the
Cabinet nor any earthly authority has a right
to restore these rebellious States to their con-
stitutional relations to the United States.
Gentlemen ask me how I would vote if the
same proposition were pending in my own
State. I have only to say this: as I under-
stand it the State of Indiana has forfeited none
of her rights of State sovereignty by any rebel-
lion ; she has a right to fix this matter as she
pleases within her own limits; but if I were
called upon in my State to vote for a constitu-
tional amendment in favor of universal man-
hood suffrage I should unhesitatingly vote for
it. 1 should unhesitatingly vote for it in In-
diana or anywhere else. The right to vote
may not bo strictly a natural right, but it is so
intimately connected witli the rij>ht of self-
defense and self-preservation that it is hard to
distinguish where the one begins and the other
ends. So far I am clear, "sufficient unto the
day is the evil thereof;" to-day I vote to en-
franchise the colored people in the District of
Columbia. I do it proudly. I believe the peo-
ple demand it. I have never dodged the issue.
I have been ready to vote for it for the last six
years, I am ready to vote for it now, and I give
this vote with more pride and as much pleasure
as I have given any vote in this body.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have al-
ready voted, against the proposition to strike
the word '' male'' out of the bill, and I shall now
vote against the pending proposition to fix an
educational test. In each case I am governed
by the same consideration.
In voting against striking the word " male"
out of the bill, I did not intend to express any
opinion on the question which has at last found
its way into the Senate Chamber, whether
women shall be invested with the elective fran-
chise. That question I leave untouched, con-
tenting myself with saying, that it is obviously
the great question of the future, which will be
easily settled, whenever the women in any
considerable proportion insist that it shall be
settled. And so in voting against an educa-
tional test I do not mean to say that under
certain circumstances such test may not be
proper. But I am against it on the present
occasion.
The bill under consideration is the enfran-
chisement of the colored race in the District
of Columbia. It completes Emancipation by
Enfranchisement. It entitles all to vote with-
out distinction of color. The courts, and the
rail-cars of the District, even the galleries of
Congress, have been opened to colored per-
sons. It only remains that the ballot-box be
opened to them. Such is my sense not only
of the importance but of the necessity of this
measure ; so essential does it appear to me for
the establishment of peace, security, and rec-
onciliation, that I am unwilling that it shall
be clogged, burdened, or embarrassed by any-
thing else. I wish to vote on this measure
alone. Therefore, whatever may be the merits
of other questions, I shall have no difficulty in
putting them aside until this is settled.
The bill for Impartial Suffrage in the District
of Columbia concerns directly some twenty
thousand colored persons, whom it will lift to
the adam antine platform of Equal Rights. If it
were regarded simply in its bearings on the
District it would be difficult to exaggerate its
value; bnt when it is regarded as an example
to the whole country under the sanction of
Congress, its value is infinite. It is in the lat-
ter character that it becomes a pillar of fire to
illumine the footsteps of millions. What we
do here will be done in the disorganized States.
Therefore we must be careful that what we
do here is best for the disorganized States.
If the question could be confined in its influ-
ence to the District, I should have little objec-
tion to an educational test. I should be glad
to witness the experiment and be governed by
the result. But the question cannot be limited
to the District. Practieally it takes the whole
country into its sphere. We must, therefore,
act for the whole country. This is the exi-
gency of the present moment.
Now, to my mind nothing is clearer than
the absolute necessity of the suffrage for all
colored persons in the disorganized States. It
will not be enough if you give it to those who
read and write; you will not in this way ac-
quire the voting force which you need there for
the protection of Unionists, whether white or
black. You will not secure the new allies
which are essential to the national cause. As
you once needed the muskets of the colored
persons, so now you need their votes; and you
must act now with little reference to theory.
You are bound by the necessity of the case.
Therefore when I am asked to open the suf-
frage to women, or when I am asked to estab-
lish an educational standard, I cannot on the
present bill simply because the coot rolling
necessity under which we act will not allow it.
By a singular Providence \ c- are now con-
strained to this measure of Enfranchisement
for the sake of peace, security, and reconcilia-
tion, so that loyal persons, white or black, may
be protected asd that the Republic may live.
Here in the District of Columbia we begin the
real work of reconstruction by which the Union
will be consolidated forever.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony. ) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Dixon]
to the amendment of the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. YATES. Upon this proposition I have
agreed to pair off with the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Johnson.] If he were present he
would vote "yea" and I "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 34 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bucltalew, Dixon, Doo-
little, Fogg, Foster, Hendricks, Nesmith, Patterson,
Kiddie, and Willey—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, CowsCn, Creswell, Davis, Edmunds, Fessendeu,-
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Howard,
Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Norton,
Poland, Pomeroy. Ramsey, Boss, Saulsbury, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wade, Williams, and "Wilson—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Fowler, Guthrie, John-
son, MeDougall, Nye, and Yates—7.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend by strik
ing out in the fifth line of the first section the
words '1 left the District of Columbia to give,''
and insert "given," so as to make the excep-
tion read, " and excepting persons who may
have voluntarily given aid and comfort to the
rebels in the late rebellion."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is advised that the clause which the Senator
desires to amend has already been agreed to
as an amendment, and therefore it cannot be
now amended.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I shall move my
amendment in the Senate. We are now act-
ing as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee by adding two new sec-
tions :
And be it further enacted, That it is hereby de-
clared unlawful for any person, directly or indi-
rectly, to promise, offer, or give, or procure, or eauso
to be promised, offered, or given, any money, goods,
right in action, bribe, present, or reward, or any
promise, understanding, obligation, or security for
the payment or delivery of any money, goods, right
in action, bribe, present, or reward, or any other
valuable thing whatever, to any person with the in-
tent to influence his vote to be given at any election
hereafter to be held within the District of Columbia,
and every person so offending shall on conviction
thereof be fined in any sum not exceeding $2,000, or
imprisoned not exceeding two years, or both, at the
discretion of the court.
And be it further enacted. That any person who shall
acccpt, directly or indirectly, any money, goods, right
in action, bribe, present, or reward, or any promise,
obligation, or security for the payment or delivery of
any money, goods, right in action, bribe, present, or
reward, or any other valuable thing whatever to in-
fluence his vote at any election hereafter to bo held
in the District of Columbia, shall on conviction be
imprisoned not loss than one year and be forever dis-
franchised.
I will simply say that one of these sections
makes it unlawful to buy votes and punishes a
man for attempting to buy them, and the other
punishes the man who sells his vote.
* Mr. HOWARD. I know very little about
the laws relating to the District of Columbia;
but I cannot imagine that any civilized commu-
nity could have existed as long as this District
has done without some legislation to punish
bribery at elections: and I will therefore call
on the honorable chairman of the Committee
on the District of Columbia to inform the Sen-
ate as to the necessity of the proposed amend-
ment. Is there not some law to punish bribery
at elections in the District of Columbia that is
sufficient?
Mr. MORRILL. There is no uniform law
on the subject I believe. All there is on the
subject is under the law of Maryland existing
in this District at the time when it came
under the jurisdiction of Congress. I think
there is no law on the subject except such as
may be found in the Maryland code at the time
this District fell under the jurisdiction of Con-
