872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 30,
bring them in and gauge their prices just under
the western prices so as- to command the
market. I believe the effect of this duty would
be to decrease their profits but not to increase
the cost of the article.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like the Senator
to inform as how a ton of grindstones is ascer-
tained by the cubic feet. ,
Mr. WADE. Well, sir, that is done by
mathematics, I "take it, very easily. I have
no time to work out the problem now, but I
believe I could do it. There is no difficulty
about that. I will'state that we have already
protected building-stone, and these stones are
used for building-stones as much as for grind-
stones. We have already protected building-
stones to the amount of four dollars per ton of
thirteen cubic feet, and I ask now for three
dollars oil these. I leave to the Senate to de-
cide what they will do with the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to reply to one
remark made in that paper where the gentle-
man, whoever he is—Mr. Wilson, I suppose—
stales that the other people were represented
before the committee and he liad no chance to
be, &c.
Mr. WADE. No; he does not say any such
thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Then you said it.
Mr. WADE. No ; I did not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was something
of that kind said.
Mr. WADE. I think not. I do not think
he mentions anything about that. He strikes
right on his subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the Senator said
something about it.
Mr. WADE. No ; I did not say one word
about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is either one way or
the other ; I do not know which. Now, all the
evidence there was before the committee I read
to the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I will state what I did say, as
it occurs to me now. I said I would read a
paper from a gentleman engaged in this busi-
ness, because I had observed from the state-
ments of the committee that they derived much
of their information in the same way; that
that was the only way they could derive it, as
these men engaged in the business were the
only ones that knew all about it. That is
what I said—nothing more.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We will not dispute
about it. All the information the committee
had on the subject, b'esides what they knew
themselves, was derived from the two letters
which I read to the Senate. From one of the
letters I read it appears—and that contradicts
one statement in the paper read by the Sen-
ator—that these grindstones cost in the Prov-
inces ten dollars per ton, and the rate of duty,
ten per cent, ad valorem 011 the finished article,
was one dollar per ton ; and this one company
that I speak of at one dollar per ton paid
$4,500 a year for duty on grindstones. At the
rate it) this amendment they would pay $13,500
a year duty on grindstones, and it would be in
that proportion all through.
Now, sir, there is one thing that this Mr.
Wilson stated in his letter to me—I am sorry
I have not the letter here; I left it in my room
—that he was kept out of the eastern market.
I asked him if they did not have the entire con-
trol of the western country. lie said yes, they
did ; but they could not get their grindstones
down in the eastern market at the rates fixed
because freights were so high. I met him after-
ward and had a conversation with him.
The result simply is this: the object is by
getting this heavy duty to bring their grind-
stones from the western market, where they
have the entire control, to the eastern market
by imposing this heavy additional duty, so that
we must do one thing or the other: pay the
heavy additional duty, or we must pay the
freight from the western country over the rail-
roads of this very heavy, bulky article. That is
the amount of it: and if the Senate think that is
just or proper, when these men have the con-
trol of the market in the West, the Senate will
so vote.
Mr. WADE. The gentleman speaks of this
as a very heavy additional duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think so.
Mr. WTADE. It is among the lightest duties
that have been put upon any article on which
you have placed duties. I do not suppose it is
over fifteen per cent. There is four dollars per
ton on building-stones, which would amount
to just about twenty per cent. ; but I suppose
the increase here would bo about fifteen per
cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If you strike out the
ten per cent., which is about one dollar, and
put the duty at three dollars, it will be nearly
thirty-three and one third per cent.
Mr. WADE. It is a very light duty and it
is analogous to all the duties levied on these
things, and it is difficult now to distinguish
between the principle I am advocating and
that the Senate has already passed upon in
regard to this other building-stone.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One of the arguments
used in regard to freestone was that it was
an article of luxury used in veneering and
making fine articles, and all that. This is an
article of prime necessity, used by everybody,
a very cheap article, while that is an expensive
one. This is mere rough stone.
Mr. WADE. No, sir, it is not rough stone,
not the way they are brought in. Nearly all
the work is done upon them that is found ne-
cessary to fit them for the business for which
they are desired. I can see no difference be-
tween the principle of this and the others, and
the duty I place lower than it was fixed on the
other. But I did not wish to continue the argu-
ment upon it; it is understood by the Senate.
I ask for the yeas and nays upon it, as I am
afraid a division would not disclosc a quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken; resulted—yeas 12, nays 19; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Connoss, Edmunds, Fow-
ler, Frelinfrhtiysen, Howe, Patterson, Sherman, Van
Winkle, Wade, Willcy, and Yates—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cattell, Cragin,
Davis, Fessenden, Hondrieks, Johnson, Lane, Mc-
Dougall, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Poland, Ramsey,
Sprague, Trumbull, Williams, and Wilson—19.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Creswell,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fogg, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie,
Harris, Henderson, Howard, Kirkwood, Nesmith,
Nye, Pomeroy, Riddle, Boss, Saulsbury, Stewart,
and Sumner—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the bill
on page 89, section fifteen, by striking out the
word "twenty" in lines six, seven, eight, and
nine, and inserting " thirtyso that the clause
will read:
On animals living, namely, on horses, mares, colts,
asses, and mules, thirty per cent, ad valorem; on
neat cattle, thirty per ccnt. ad valorem: on sheep,
goats, calves, and swine, thirty per cent, ad valorem;
on all kinds not otha wise herein provided for, thirty
per cent, ad valorem.
I think that the rate imposed upon these ani-
mals, as compared with the ad valorem rate
upon all other classes of importations, is below
the just average; and inasmuch as all these
animals are of Canadian production, or else
are very high-priced imported animals from
abroad, that thirty per cent, ad valorem, is not
too much, either for revenue or protection. I
call for the yeas and nays upon the amendment,.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—ayes 14, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Creswell, Edmunds. Frc-
hnghuysen, Grimes, Kirkwood, Lane, Norton, Po-
land, liamsey, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, and
Yates—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Cattell, Davis,
Fessenden, Hendricks, Johnson, McDougall, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Patterson, Sherman, Sprague, Willey,
Williams^ and Wilson—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthonv, Connoss, Cowan, Cra-
gin, Dixon, Doolittle. Fogg, Foster, Fowler, Guthrie,
Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Nesmith, Nye,
Pomeroy, Riddle, Boss, Saulsbury, Stewart, and
Sumner—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have two or three other
amendments I should like to offer.
Mr. SPRAGUE. If the Senator will give
way, I desire to add a proviso to the section
he is upon that I think will commend itself to
him and to the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend will
allow me to go through with the amendments
that I propose to this section. I propose to
amend on page 92, section fifteen, by insert-
ing after line seventy-nine:
On oats, ten cent's per bushel.
I think that is an accidental omission in the
bill. On a careful search I am unable to find
any place in the bill where any impost is laid
upon oats. The present rate is ten cents per
bushel, and is probably right. It ought to be
at least that; and I presume it to be an acci-
dental omission.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
bill touching the subject of lumber. On page
93, section sixteen, line nine, I move to strike
out the words " whitewood and" and to insert
after the words "basswood," in the same line
the words "and pine, valued at not over ten
dollars per thousand feetso that the clause
will read :
On sawed boards, plank, deal, and other lumber
of spruce, hemlock, basswood, and pine, and valued
at not over ten dollars per thousand feet, one dollar
per thousand feet, board measure.
The object of this amendment is to place
whitewood, which is a costly wood and enters
into the finer descriptions of architecture, under
the two dollars a thousand head which follows.
That is the first object.
Mr. CHANDLER. You put whitewood in
a higher class?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With* the high-priced
pine in the two-dollar class. I presume no
objection will be made to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume the Senator
is mistaken in that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very likely; I generally
am; but having been, with a great many other
Senators, born and brought up in a country
where lumber is one of the chief commodities,
we have some personal knowledge, not derived
from any interested party either, as to the
respective classifications and values of lumber.
Now, if the object of the committee be to ob-
tain revenue from lumber, whitewood, which
sells in the New England markets at from
twenty-five to fifty dollars a thousand, ought to
be in the higher class, so as to pay the highest
rate of duty per thousand feet. It will be
remembered that this is a specific duty and not
an ad valorem one ; and sq in order to make
the higher-priced and higher-valued commodi-
ties pay their proper per cent, we must classify
them as they ought to be; so that whitewood
ought to be in the class that pays the higher
rate of duty. So much for that.
Now, as to pine. Pine by my amendment is
inserted in this first class together with the
other descriptions of wood, provided the valu-
ation in the foreign market does not exceed
ten dollars per thousand feet. There is, as is
well known to everybody who is acquainted
with the subject, a certain class of pine lumber
which in the foreign market and in the home
market is very inferior. It is knotty, or shaky,
or otherwise unsound, and it is used for the
commonest and cheapest purposes of business—
the making of fences, the covering of chcap
buildings, and of the inferior and humble
houses, so to speak, to which other cheap de-
scriptions of lumber are applied. Therefore,
it seems to me that all this class which comes
in under the dollar a thousand head ought to
be limited in its price in the foreign market to
ten dollars, and thus to pay ten per cent, by
the tax of a dollar a thousand.upon it; and all
the rest of the commodity that comes under
the two dollars per thousand rule will be covered
by the increased valuation above ten dollars
per thousand.
This is a subject in which my constituents
