1548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
stricken out, the effect of which would be to
restore the limitation as existing in the pres-
ent law. So that an "ay" vote would re-
quire the companies to pay the tax themselves,
while a " no" vote would allow them to charge
it over to their customers.
Mr. SCHENCK. In brief, " ay" is for the
people, and "no" for the gas companies.
The question was upon ordering the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 52, not vot-
ing 39; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, liaker, Banks, Baxter, Beaman,
Bidwoll, Bingham, Boutwell, lioyer, Brandegee,
liromwell,Buckland, Bundy, Campbell, Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cooper, Dawson, Defrees, Dem-
ing, Donnelly, Eggleston, Eldridge, Ferry, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grinnell, Aaron Harding,
Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Henderson, Hill, Hise,
Hogan, Holmes, Chester 1>. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, James K. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Julian,
Kerr, Kctcham, Koontz, Georgo V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Leftwich. Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Kee, McRuer, Miller, Morris, Moulton, Newell,
Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Orth, Patterson, Perham,
Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rollins, Ross, ,
Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck, Shanklin, Shellabarger,
Stevens,Stilwell, Stokes, Strouse,Nathaniel G.Tay-
lor, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward, Warner,
Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley,
Williams, and James F. Wilson—9i).
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, James M.Ashley, Baldwin,
Barker, Bergen, Broomall, Chanler, Conkling, Cul-
lom. Darling, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dixon, Dodge,
Eliot, Garfield, Griswold, Hale, Higby, Denias Hub-
bard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Kasson, Kclley, Kelso, Laf-
lin. Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McCuliough, Mercur,
Moorhead, Morrill, Myers, O'Neill, Pike, Pomeroy, '
Price, Raymond, Alexander II. Riee. John II. Rice, J
Scofield, Sitgreaves,Spalding, Starr, Thayer, Hamil-
ton Ward, William B. Washburn, Stephen F. Wilson, ;
Windom, and Woodbridge—52. , |
NOT V OTING—Messrs. Arnell, Benjamin,Blaine,
Blow, SMncy Clarke, Culver, Denison, Driggs, Du-
mont, EBsley, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Harris, Hart,
Hayes, Hooper, llotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jones, Kuykendall,
Latham, Le Blond, Lynch, Marston, McClnrg, Mc-
Xndoe, Paine, Plants, Radford, William II. Randall,
Rogers, Sloan, Taber, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu
B. Washburne, Winfield, and Wright—-39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
was agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill and joint resolutions.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled joint
resolutions and a bill of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. 11. No. 275) to extend
the time for the use of certain vessels for quar-
antine purposes at the port of New York ;
Joint resolution (II. 11. No. 252) to permit
Captain John A. AVebster, jr., of the steamer
Mahoning, to receive from the Government of
Great Britain a gold chronometer ; and
An act (H. K. No. 900) to fix the compensa-
tion of the officers of the revenue-cutter service,
i|nd for other purposes.
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing !
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. !H)4) ]
making appropriations for the consular* and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government i'or the year end-
ing J une 30,1868, and for other purposes, having met,
alter lull and Iree conterence have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows: j
That the House recede from their disagreement to !
the amendment of the .Senate numbered "one," and
agree To the same, with an amendment as follows •
Insert m line fourteen after - dollars," Provided.
I hat no money shall be paid to the present minister-
residentatPortugaloutofanyfundwhatever and this
grevision shall continue in force until repealed bv
ongress. T
That the Senate recede from their amendment
numbered two." THADDEUS STEVENS
N. P. BANKS,
Manager* on the part of the House
CHARLES SUMNER,
GEORGE G. FOGG.
REVERDY JOHNSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
| Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
h by which the report was agreed to, and also
L moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
|; the table.
• The latter motion was agreed to.
The report was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next amendment, on
■ which a separate vote has been demanded, is
that in regard to cigars. The amendment
1 reported from the Committee of the Whole on
' the state of the Union will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out the following, beginning after the word
"therefor," in line ninety-three, page9, of the printed
bill:
i " The market value of which, including the tax, is
i not over eight dollars per thousand, a tax of two dol-
lars per thousand; when exceeding eight dollars per
, thousand, inmarket value, including the tax, atax of
eightdollars perthousand;" and insert inlieu there- ,
of the words "five dollars per thousand;" so that !
the paragraph will read:
_ On cigarettes, cigars, and cheroots of all descrip-
tions, made of tobacco or any substitute therefor,
; five dollars per thousand. j
j The SPEAKER. This is the amendment
i adopted in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on the motion of the gen- j
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers.] In
the House the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] has moved an amendment, which
will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out the entire paragraph and insert the fol-
lowing:
| Strike out from the third paragraph of the law
1 relating to cheroots, cigarettes, and cigars, these
i words: "On all cheroots, cigarettes, and cigars, the
market value of which is over twelve dollars per
! thousand, a tax of four dollars per thousand, and, in
addition thereto, twenty percent, ad valorem on the
I market valuo thereof;" and insert in lieu therof the
! following:
On all cheroots, cigarettes, and cigars, the market
! value of which is over twelve dollars per thousand,
a tax of four dollars per thousand, and, in addition
thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem on the excess
over twelve dollars of the market value thereof.
TheSPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amendment reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to propound an
inquiry to the Chair: if both these amend-
ments should be voted down, would not the
bill stand as reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. If both amendments
should be rejected, the printed bill would
remain in this respect as reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STEVENS. And if the amendment
reported from the Committee of the Whole
should be adopted, it will still be competent
for the House to adopt the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck?]
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. STEVENS. Otherwise the New Eng-
land bill stands. [Laughter.]
On agreeing to the amendment reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union there were—ayes 72, noes 28.
Mr. ALLISON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Schenck.
Mr. SCHENCK called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 66, nays 87, not voting
37 ; as follows :
1 „ XEAS^essrsAA,Uson- Ancona, Anderson, Arnell,
' Baker, Barker, Boyer, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke
; Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cooper, Cullom, Daw-
I son, Delano, Eldridge. Finck, Garfield, GI6ssbren-
ner, Goodyear. Grinnell, Aaron Harding, Abner C.
Harding, Harris, Hawkins, Hill, Hooper, Chester D.
Hubbard, J ames R. Hubbeil, Ingersoll, Kerr, Koontz
Kuy kendall, George V. Lawrence,W llliam Lawrence*
Le Blond. Leftwich, Marshall, Maynard. McClurg
McKee, Miller, Moorhead, Niblack, Paine, Price'
Radford. Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall*
Ritter, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck, Shanklin. Shellabar-
ger, Stevens. Stokes, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor.
Thornton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, Henry D.
Washburn, Whaley, and Winfield—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Baldwin, Banks, Bax-
ter, B*araan, Bergen, Bidwell, Boutwell, Brandegee
Broomall, Buokland, Campbell, Conkling, Darling i
Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Deming, Dixon? Dodge, Don-
nelly, Eggleston, Eliot, Farquhar, Gnswold, Hale,
lligby, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey. Hunter,
Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kclley, Kelso, Ketcbam,
Laflin, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McCuliough. Mc-
Ruer, Mercur, Morrill. Morris, Myers, Newell, Nich-
olson, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Patterson,Perham,Pike,
Pomeroy, Raymond. Alexander H. Rice, Rollins,
Scotield, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Starr, Taber, Nelson
Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge. Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Hamilton Ward, Warner, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wentworth, Williams, James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge, and
Wright—87.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Beniamin, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Brora-
well, Chanler, Culver, Deuison, Drigg3, Dumont, Eck-
Icy, Farnsworth, Ferry, Hart, Hayes, Henderson,
Hise, Ilogan, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jones,
Latham, Lynch, Marston, Mclndoe, Moulton, Phelp3,
Plants. John H. Rice, Rogers. Rousseau. Sloan,
Stilwell, Robert T. Van Horn, and Elihu B. Wash-
burne— 37.
So the amendment of Mr. Schenck was not
agreed to.
The next amendment was the following:
Page 14, at the end of line thirty-one insert "metal
excepted;" so it will read:
Drain, gas, and water pipe made of wood, iron,
dement, or any other material, metal excepted.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment was the following:
Strike out the following on page 14:
"Leather of all descriptions, and goat, calf, kid,
sheep, horse, hog, and dog skins, tanned or partially
tanned, curried, finished, or in the rough:" and in
lieu thereof insert the following:
Boots and shoes, shoe-strings, shoe-bindings, and
gloves of leather or skin.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
30, noes 73.
Mr. HUMPHREY demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment was the following:
Page 14, line forty-four, strike out the following:
Manufactures of jute.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The next amendment was the following:
On page 15 insert the following:
That from and after the 1st day of September, 1867,
no tax shall be levied or collected on cotton grown
within the United States.
Mr. DAWSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas G3, nays 94, not voting
3'3 ; as follows : *•
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Arnell, Barker,
Bergen, Blaine, Boyer. Buckland, Campbell, Chanler,
Cooper, Dawson, Dodge, Eggleston, Eldridge, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Harris,
Hawkins, Hise, Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Humphrey, liunter,
Kerr, Kuykendall, Le Blond, Leftwich, Marshall,
Maynard. McCuliough, McRuer, Niblack, Nicholson,
Noell, Paine. Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, William II. Randall, Ritter, Ross, Rous-
seau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Stokes, Strouse, Taber,
Nelson Taylor, John L. Thomas,Thornton. Trimble,
Andrew 11. Ward, Warner, Henry D. Washburn,
Whaley. \\ infield, and Wright—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Jnmes M.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter. Beaman,
Bidwell, Boutwell, Broomall, Bundy. Reader W.
Clarke, kidney Clarke, Cobb. Conkling, Cook, Cullom,
Darling, Dawes, Delrees, Delano. Deming, Dixon,
Donnelly, Eliot, Farquhar. Ferry. Garfield, Grinnell,
Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Harding, Higby, Hill,
Holmes, Hooper, Hotchki?s. John II. Hubbard. In-
gersoll, Jenckes, Julian. Kelley, Kelso. Ketcham,
Koontz. Laflin. George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence. Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, McClurg,
McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris,
Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, terham,
Pike, Price, Raymond. Alexander H. Rice. John H.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shella-
barger. Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Trow-
bridge,Upson. Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Hamil-
ton Ward, William B. Washburn, Welker, Went-
worth, \V ilhams, J ames F.Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—94.
p.^VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Benj amin,
Bingham. Blow, Brandegee. Brorawell, Culver, Davis,
Denison, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley. Farnsworth, Hart,
Hayes. Henderson, Asahel W. Hubbard. Demas Hub-
t jHulburd, Jones, Kasson, Latham, Marston,
Mclndoe. Moulton, Plants. Rogers. Sloan, Stilwell,
rtathamel G.Taylor. Francis Thomas, RobertT. Van
Horn, aud Elihu B. Washburne—33.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
During the vote,
Mr. SHELLABARGER stated that his col-
league, Mr. Plaxts, was absent on account of
business.
