108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13*
:gress, and the rule is not uniform in either of
.the two cities or in the country quarter of the
District,
. Mr. HOWARD, if that bathe case I hope
, this amendment will pass.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the first
•section of the amendment reported by the com-
mittee by striking from the seventh line the
words " iSia.ekizen thereof," and inserting in
lieu thereof the words ".shall have been born
in." The object of this amendment is to leave
it not open to dispute what class of persons
 re;oitfeens of the united States, inasmuch as
the present standing law on the subject, the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States in the case of Dred Scott, declares that
negroes are not and cannot be citizens of the
United States. I know that the civil rights
bill declares that they are. I have no doubt
whatever that they were so without the civil
rights bill, and that if they were not, the civil
rights bill clearly and lawfully makes them so;
but it will be made a question by the persons
who are authorized to decide in this District
who are voters and who are not standing upon
that decision, and I very much fear that with-
out thisamendment it willbe many years, as this
District is at present organized, before these
people are allowed to vote if you leave open to
them the question of who is a citizen and who
is not. With that view, governed by the same
impulse which has governed us hitherto when
we have been called upon to act on this subject,
I move this amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I would suggest to the
Senator from Vermont that he add the words
"or naturalized" after the word "born."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I accept that.
Mr. POMEROY. There arc a great many
citizens who were not born here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree to the modifi-
cation. Being a native know- nothing myself,
[laughter,] I had forgotten our foreign breth-
ren.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, as mod-
ified, is to strike out in line seven of section
one of the amendment of the committee the
words "is a citizen of," and to insert "shall
have been born or naturalized in."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to amend the
amendment of the committee in line nine of
section one. It now reads "shall have re-
sided in the said District for the period of one
year previous to." I move to amend by strik-
ing out "previous to" and inserting "next
proceeding," so as to limit the time of resi-
dence to one year next preceding the elec-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend
by filling the blank in section seven with the
words " 1st of March."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I propose, to change
the order of the section, to strike out the fifth
section where it occurs, and place it at th 
end <yf the amendment. It is the general re-
pealing clause of all formal acts inconsistent
with the present, and should be at the end of
the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no objection to
that.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. That change
will be made, there' being no objection.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Iproposeasmallamend-
ment at the end of the fourth section by insert-
ing these words, "next preceding the holding
of any general or city election in said District.''
This is the section which directs the court to
give this act in charge to the grand jury on the
first day of their session. It ought to be done
at the session immediately preceding an elec-
tion.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment by adding-the following section:
And'he it further enacted, That if any person shall
knowingly vote at any election or on any question
without having a lawful right to do so he shall be
punished by a fine not exceeding $500, and shall be
thereafter disqualified to vote.
I have looked through the penal code of the
District of Columbia, and I do not find any
provision for the punishment of illegal voting,
which is the most common form of a violation
of the franchise laws; and I am told by a
gentleman from Maryland, a lawyer in whose
knowledge and judgment I have great confi-
dence, that the old Maryland laws in force in
the District on that subject are exceedingly
loose and defective, therefore it is that I offisr
this amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the
Senator why he adds "or on any question."
Is it not quite enough to say "at any elec-
tion ?''
Mr. EDMUNDS. It frequently happens
in most parts of the country that questions
which are not merely elective questions are
submitted to the people. Municipal questions,
a variety of questions, are often submitted to
the voters of an election precinct in a city,
town, county, or State, which are not merely
the selection of  persons to fill offices, but
which are public questions left to the primary
determination of the people's will. Now, if
■-in such a case aperson should claim and exer-
cise the right to participate in the decision of
such a question, knowing that he had no legal
right to do so, it appears to my humble appre-
hension that he is equally deserving of punish-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think that is
safe. It is sometimes the case that a vote of
the people is taken very irregularly on some
questions, and I do not know that there ought
to be a penalty of that kind for such a pro-'
ceeding, and I move to strike out those words.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This being
an amendment to an amendment it is not
amendable.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ver-
mont must be aware that there is a registry law
in this bill, and no one's vote can be received
unless his name is on that registry. The
crime is committed when a man gets himself
registered improperly as well as when ho votes
improperly.
Mr. GRIMES. I apprehend that the diffi-
culty originates from the fact that the Senator
from Vermont imagines that the electionshere
may possibly be of the character of those that
are held in New England, where at a town
meeting various questions are presented. Such
is not the case anywhere out of New England.
In the other States all that is done by any
elector at any election is depositing his ballot
in the box. To all of us who are familiar
with elections outside of New England, and as
they are conductcd here, the word "elections"
seems more proper than the phraseology used
by the Sendtor from Vermont in his amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment includes
both. It meets the point made by my friend
from Iowa, and it goes a step further. It may
be possibly that as the law now stands there
cannot be any legal mode of submitting a ques-
tion to the people of this District.
Mr. GRIMES. It would be submitted at
an election, would it not?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; it would not be
submitted at an election. Supposing it to be
lawful for the common council of this city, if
that is the style of the government of it, to
leave it to the people of this District to say
whether a tax of twenty cents on the dollar of
the ratable estate of this District should be
raised for the purpose of lighting the streets,
and the common council should 'submit it to
the people to say whether they would raise
that tax or not, the submission of that ques-
tion, as I understand the ordinary use of terms,
would not be an election; but it would be a
question submitted to their legislative author-
ity, if. they have it, for them to pass upon.
Now, then, if a man knowingly"votes without
having authority to do so on a question of that
description it appears to me he ought to be
punished. Therefore having provided for every
case of election, there can be no harm in adding
a prohibition and a punishment of any other
species of illegal voting which may possibly
exist.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask to have the pending
amendment read again.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend it by
striking out the latter clause providing for
disqualification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This being
an amendment to an amendmentis not amend-
able in the third degree.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the provision is
too severe. Suppose a man votes under a mis-
apprehension of his right to vote, would you
go so far as to disqualify him for voting for-
ever afterward ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The provision is that it
must be done knowingly.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the clause is very
general in its form and would include every-
body who votes unlawfully, whether knowingly
or not. I think the penalty would be very
severe. I think the Senator from Vermont
will find that I am correct about it. If that be
the real character of the amendment, I cannot
vote for it; because I would not vote to dis-
qualify a person who had voted ignorantly
when he was disqualified to vote. At all events
I think it entirely unnecessary to add the dis-
qualifying clause, because a fine, in my judg-
ment, would in all eases be quite sufficient. I
believe that no such clause is to be found in
any of the statutes of the States for the punish-
ment of illegal voting; certainly not in my own
State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg that the Secretary
may report the amendment again.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe that the penal
statutes of every eastern State, although I do
not upon that subject speak by the book, pun-
ish illegal voting, and by that I mean voting
by a person who has no lawful right to do so,
knowing that he has not the right; that is, a
person who commits a fraud upon the other
voters of his community by undertaking to par-
ticipate with them in the exercise of that right.
Every statute-book of an eastern State I believe
adds to the punishment of fine the indefinite
suspension of that privilege until the law-mak-
ing power shall choose afterward by a pardon
of restoration to his legal rights to reinstate
him; and it ought to be so. A man who fraud-
ulently and corruptly undertakes to assert the
privilege of exercising that high prerogative—
and it has been demonstrated to us here in a
two days' debate that it is a high prerogative-
deserves more than any other man, except it
may be for treason, for it is analogous to (hat,
to be disqualified from ever afterward being
seen about, the polls or at a ballot-box. He
ought to be so. If it were open to doubt upon
the phraseology of thisamendment whether this
crime must be committed knowingly, which is
the essential element of all crime, there would
be great force in the objection to the disquali-
fying clause and to the whole clause from begin-
ning to end: because no man ought to be pun-
ished for merely voting when he has not a right
to do so if he honestly believes that he has the
right. But this section, framed in the hurry
of the moment to be sure, is, so far as I recol-
lect, in the very substance of the language of
the penal statutes of most of the States on this
subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to call the
attention of the Senator from Vermont a little
more particularly to the suggestion made by
the Sepator from Kansas. This bill pro-
vides that at a certain time there shall be a
board in session and that that board shall hear
evidence in regard to the qualifications of
voters and shall decide and make a list, and
none shall vote except those who are upon that
list. Now, I submit to the Senator from Ver-
