iwti
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
m
mont whether a man can be an illegal voter
after that adjudication. I do not think it ought
to be an open question after that. Where a
man's right to vote has been inquired into by
the proper board and has been -decided, I do
not think alter that it ought to be said that he
is an illegal voter.
Mr. MORRILL. I haffdly know what the
effect of this provision would be, and 1 must
appeal to the Senate to maintain the bill as it
is. If it shall turn out in future that there is
any necessity for extending provisions in this
direction, it -will be a very easy thing to do it.
Inasmuch as there is some little question about
the extent and the propriety of it, I hope my
friend from Vermont will withdraw it, and if'it
be found necessary it may be reported here-
after upon a general view having in view the
subject to which he adverts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall certainly yield to
the wishes of my friend from Maine, the gen-
tleman who has charge of th& bill, on this point.
I should not have offered the amendment but
that it appeared from the report of the com-
mittee that they had undertaken to provide a
criminal code in the bill itself for the govern-
ment and the regulation of the exercise of this
right; and if in this bill we are to provide a
criminal code upon that subject it ought cer-
tainly to be reasonably complete and perfect.
But inasmuch as my friend from Maine, in
whose judgment and in whose faith I have the
greatest confidence, desires that this amend-
ment should be withdrawn, I shall, out of def-
erence to his wishes, withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on agreeing to the amendment
reported by the Committee on the District of
Columbia, which is to strike out all of the ori-
ginal bill after the enacting clause and insert
the substitute as that substitute has been
amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. POMEROY. Now, before the question
is taken on concurring in the amendment, I
move to amend it by striking out in line soven
of section one the words "left the District of
Columbia to give" and inserting "given;" so
as to read "excepting persons who have volun-
tarily given aid and comfort to the rebellion."
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the
Senator from Kansas whether the effect of that
amendment will not be to disfranchise a person
who may have once given aid and comfort to
the rebellion, although he may afterward have
borne arms in defense of the country in the
late war. 1 do not know whether there are such
individuals in this District, but in our State we
have passed laws excusing individuals who had
formerly given aid and comfort to the rebellion
but afterward had served in the Union armies.
Another very great hardship in all proba-
bility will arise, as this bill provides for all
elections, not only municipal elections, but all
elections for subscribing money. This would
disfranchise any person from voting even upon
a money proposition. ["Oh, no."] Yes it
would. I have my doubts about the propriety
of that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, as amended, was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. On the passage of the
bill I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. YATES. I desire to state that I have
paired oft' on this question with the Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Joiinson.] If he were
here, he would vote against the bill, and I
would vote for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas \V2, nays 13; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Conness, Creswell, Edmunds, JFcssenden, Fogg,
Frolinghuvsen, Grimes, Harris, Heuders&n, Howard,
Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Poland,
I'oiuorov,Ramsey, Ross, Sherman,Sprasue,Stewart,
Snraner, Trumbull, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson.—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Bison,
Doolittle, Foster," Hendricks, Ne^mith, Norton, Pat-
terson, Riddle, Sa-ulsbury, and Van Wiukle—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Eowler, Guthrie, John-
son, MeDougall, Nye, and Yates—-7.
So the bill was passed.
The announcement of the result was greeted
with applause in the galleries, which was
checked by the Presiding Officer.
deficiency bill.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No:
876) making appropriations to-supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of
the Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1867; and on motion of Mr. Fessexben,
the bill was read- twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WADE. Ijnove that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 13, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
appointment of revenue officers.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the appointment of
assessors and collectors of internal revenue
throughout the United States; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
department of agriculture.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to reorganize the Department
of Agriculture; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture, and ordered to be printed.
north carolina.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for reference a bill to reestablish
civil government in North Carolina, to enable
it to resume its former relations as one of the
constitutional States of the American Union.
I do this at the request of certain gentlemen
from North Carolina.
No objection was made, and the bill was
received, read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
jolin l. soiian.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
inquire into the justice and propriety of allowing to
John L. Sohan an increased pension in lieu of that
now allowed to him. in consequence of his total
blindness, and report by bill or otherwise.
light-house on mendota harbor.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the erection of a
light-house at the entrance of the harbor of
Mendota, in the State of Michigan ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
investigation of public expenditures.
Mr. IILTLBURD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures, by ft delegation not exceeding three of the
members, have leave to hold a session in the city of
New York for the puiposo of closing up an invest-
igation commenced by said committee during the
recess of Congress; and that sa-id Committee on
Public Expenditures have le-ivo to &it durinff the
session;} of the House.
protection of the revenue.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill to re-
peal the fourteenth section of an act entitle®
"An act to protect the revenue, and for other-
purposes," approved July 28, 1866; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
district court in pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOWELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill extending the jurisdiction of
the district court of the united States' in the
western district of Pennsylvania; which Watf
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
rank and pay op army officers. .
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous conseitt,
also introduced a bill relative to the rank an®
pay of Army officers; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the! Commit-'
tee on Military Affairs.
representation of alabama. .
Mr. COOPER presented the credentials of
J. Caleb Wiley, claiming a seat as a Repre-
sentative from the second district of Alabama';
which were referred under the rule to the joint
committee on reconstruction.
southern overland mail route.
Mr. BID WELL. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution r
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
liency of reestablishing the southern overland
mail route from San Francisco, via Los Angelos, Port
Hums, El Paso, and Fort Smith, to Memphis, in ac-
cordance with a resolution adopted January 20,186&,
by the Legislature of California, and that the said
committee have leave to report at any time by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no-
objection to this resolution, if it be modified so
as to strike out the clause authorizing the com-
mittee to report atfany time.
Mr. BID WELL. Very well; let that be
stricken out. I modify the resolution in that
respect.
There being no objection, the resolution, as
modified, was considered and agreed to.
almanson eaton.
Mr. McINDOE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Almanson
Eaton, receiver of public moneys for the dis-
trict of land subject to sale at Stevens's Point,
Wisconsin; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
william jl'garrahan.
On motion of Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Public Lands was
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of William McGarrahan relative to
his claiui to a certain land grant; and the same
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
canal and sewerage company.
Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the District of
Columbia Canal and Sewerage Company; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
regulation of civil service.
Mr. JENCKES, from the joint committee
on retrenchment, reported a bill to regulate the
civil service of the United States, and to pro-
mote the efficiency thereof; which was read a
first and second time, and on motion of Mr.
Jenokes ordered to be printed and recom-
mitted.
range shoal light-house.
Mr. NEWELL submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be re-
quo.°ted to inquire into the expediency of erecting a
small light on tho shoal known as "The Ranse" in
the bay of Little Harbor, in the State of New
Jersey.
HUGH WOnTIIINGTON.
Mr. KUYKENDATjL, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for the relief of Hugh
Worthingrtoru of Metropolis Oity, Illinois; which
