1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i549
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING-. I move to reconsider the
several votes which have been taken.
Mr. MAYNAItD. I ask for a separate vote
in reference to the whisky license.
Mr. CONKLING. I move then to recon-
sider the vote on tobacco and cigars; and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion wa3 agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, the amendments of the Senate to the
Indian appropriation bill were taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. SPALDING submitted the following
privileged report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of tho House
No. 912, making apropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the fiscal year ending tho 30th
of June, 1838, having met after full and free confer-
ence have agreed to recommend, and do recommend,
to theirrespeetiveHouses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their third amend-
ment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment as follows, striking out all
of said amendment and inserting in lieu thereof the
following as a new section, to eome in at the end of
the bill:
And it further enacted. That no part of the moneys
appropriated by this or any other act shall be ap-
plied to the pay or subsistence of any cadet from any
State declared to be in rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, appointed after the 1st
day of January. 1867, until snid State shall have been
restored to its original relations.
And the Senate agree to the same.
R. P. SPALDING,
JOHN A. ICASSOX,
C. A. ELDRIDGE,
Managers on the part of the House.
JOHN SHERMAN,
IRA HARRIS,
J. R. DOOLITTLE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was adopted.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the morning
session be extended till the tax bill was dis-
posed of.
The motion was disagreed to.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the House, in pu rsuance to pre-
vious order, took a recess till half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
TAX BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the House was
still acting under the operation of the previous
question on the amendments reported from
tne Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to the tax bill, upon which separate
votes had been aske(L
The next amendment, upon which a separate
vote was demanded, was to insert after line
seventy-six, on page 16, the following
Fabrics when the product of hand-looms when not
used in penitentiaries or other penal establishments.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
twenty-second scction of the bill, as follows:
SEC. 22. And be it further enacted. That the owner.
agent, or superintendent of any distillery established
as hereinbefore provided, shall erect, in a room or
building to be provided and used for that purpose
and forno other, two or more receiving cisterns, each
to be at least of sufficient capacity to hold the spirits
distilled during the day of twenty-four hours, into
one of which shall be eonveved each day the spirits
manufactured in said distillery during that day;
and such cisterns shall be so constructed a? to leave
an open space of at least thvee feet between the tops
thereof and the lloor or roof above, and of not less
than eighteen inches between the bottoms thereof
and the floor below, and shall bo separated in such
a manner as will enable tho inspector to pass around
the same, and shall be connected with the outlet of
the stills, boilers, orother vessels used for distilling,
by suitable pines or other apparatus so constructed
as always to be exposed to the view of the inspector;
such cisterns and the rooms in which they are con-
tained shall be in charge of and under the lock and
seal of tho inspector; and 011 the third day after the
spirits aro conveyed into such cisterns the same shall
be drawn off into casks or other packages under the
supervision of the inspector, and.shall be immedi-
ately inspected, gauged, and proved, and the casks
or packages marked ns herein provided shall be
removed directly to tho bonded warehouse before
mentioned; Provided, That the spirit*may bedrawn
off from said cisterns at any time previous to the
third dpy, if so desired by the owner, agent, or su-
perintendent of such distillery; and all locks and*
seals required by law shall be provided by the Sec-
rotary of the Treasury at the expense of the owner
of the distillery or warehouse, and the keys shall
always be in tho custody of the inspector or assistant
inspector, or the officer having charge of the distill-
ery or warehouse.
Mr. McKEE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McKee
and Garfield were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 30, noes GO.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
line one hundred and ten the words u on brandy
made of grapes, fifty cents per gallon."
The question was put; and there were—ayes
32, noes 40 5 no quorum voting.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 01, nays 37, not vot-
ing 62 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley. Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwcll, Broomall,
Campbell, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cullom, Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Doming, Dixon, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Glossbren-
ner, Grinnell, Halo, Hawkins, Hill, Holmes, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Chester D., Hubbard, John H.Hubbard,
James R. Hubbcll, Humphrey, Hunter. Julian, Kel-
ley, Koontz, Kuykendall, William Lawrence, Long-
year, Lynch, Marvin, McKee, Mercur, Moorhead,
Morrill,Morris,Moulton, Newell, Nicholson, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Pcrhain, Pike, Price, William II. Ran-
dall, John H. llice, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scolield, Shcllabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stil-
well, Stokes, Nelson Taylor, John L. Thomas, Trow-
bridge. Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ham-
ilton Word, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Wcntworth, Williams, James F. Wil-
son, Stephen F.Wilson, and Windoin—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Bidwell, Boyer,
Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Cooper, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Fmck, Griswold, Aaron Harding, Abner
C1. Harding, Hayes, Higby, Hise, Hogan, Edwin N.
Hubbell, Jcnckes, Kerr, Ketcham, George V. Law-
rence, Le Blond, Leitwich, Loan, Marshall* Mc-
Clurg, McRuer, Niblack, Noell, Phelps, Hitter,
Shanklin, Taber, Trimble, Andrew H. ward, and
Whaley—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Delos
Jl. Ashley, Baldwin. Banks, Barker, Blaine, Blow,
Bundy, Chanler, Cobb, Conkling, Culver, Darling,
Delano, Denison, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont,
Eckley, Goodyear, Harris, Hart, Henderson, Asahet
W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Jones, Kasson. Kelso, Laflin, Latham, Marston, May-
nard, McCullough, Mclndoe, Miller, Myers, Patter-
son, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, Rogers, Rousseau,
Sitgrcaves, Stevens, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ehhu B.Washburne, Welker,Winfield, Wood-
bridgo, and Wright—62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McEEE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Committee of
the Whol^ on the state of the Lrnion on pages
45 and 46 was non-concurred in. It was to
strike out the following words:
In paragraph sixteen [of section seventy-nine]
strike out $100, and insert in lieu thereof $500.
By striking out the paragraph the tax on dis-
tillers will be left at $100, as it is now.
Mr. UPSON. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. MORRILL. Did the gentleman vote
with the majority?
| The SPEAKER. The gentleman voted with
the minority, and therefore he cannot make the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. BIDWELL. I voted with the majority,
and I make the motion to reconsider the vote
1 by which the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. KOONTZ. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The questiou was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 62, nays G5, not voting
63; as follows :
1 YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Boutwell, Bran-
degee, Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Davis, Dawes,
Doming,Dixon, Eliot.Garficld.Grinnell, Hill, Holmes,
Hotchkiss, John II. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Ketcham, Wiiliam Law-
rence, Longvear, Lynch, Marvin, McRuer, Mercur,
Moorhead. Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill,
Pcrhain, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, John II. Rice, Rolling
Sawyer, Schenck, Scoftcld, Shellabarger, Starr, Up-
son. Burt Van Horn, Ham iltonWard.'Warner. Will mm
B.Washburn, Wclker, Wcntworth, James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—G2.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Baker, Bergen, Bidwell,
Bover, Bromwell, Buckland, Bandy, Campbell, Read-
er W. Clarke. Cooper, Cullom, Dawson, Defrees. Eg-
, gleston, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fnrquhar, Finck,
' Glossbrenner, Hale, Aaron Harding, Hawkins, llnves,
lligby, llise, Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard. Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Kerr,
Koontz, Kuykendall. Latham, George V. Lawrence,
Le Blond, Lcftwich, Loan, MeClurg, McKee, Newell,
! Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Orth, Paine, Phelps, Sam-
uel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Ritter, Ross,
Shanklin, Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes, Taber,
Nelson Taylor, John L. Thomas, Trimble, Andrew
H. Ward, Henry D. Washburn, Whaley, and Wil-
liams—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Banks, Barker, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine,
Blow, Chanler, Cobb, Conkling, Culver, Darling,
1 Delano, Denison, Dodge, Donnelly, Drigg.*, Dumont,
I Ecklcy, Ferry,Goodyear,Griswold,AbnerC.Harding,
Harris, Hart, Henderson, Hooper, Asahel W. Hub-
! bard, Hulburd, Hunter. Ingersoll, Jones, Kasson,
I Kolso, Laflin, Marshall, Marston, Maynard, McCul-
1 lough, Mclndoe, Miller, Patterson, Plants, Radford,
Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, Rogers, Rousseau, Sit-
greaves, Sloan, Strouse,Nathaniel G.Taylor,Thayer,
Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge, Van Aer-
nam, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B.Washburne,Win-
, field, and Wright—03.
j So the House refused to lay the motion to
J reconsider on the table.
' The question recurred on the motion to
i reconsider.
Mr. PRICE demanded the yeas and nays.
I The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 65, not voting
53; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Bergen, Bidwell,
Bingham, Boyer, Bromwcll, Buckland, Campbell,
Reader W. Clarke, Cooper, Cullom, Dawson, Defrees,
j Eldridge,Farquhar,Finck,Glossbrcnner,Hale, Aaron
Harding, Abner C.Harding, Hawkins, Hayes, Iligby,
i Hise, Hogan, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D.Hubbard,
1 Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hub-
| bell. Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr, Koontz, Kuykendall,
1 Latham. George V. Lawrence, Leftwich, Loan, Me-
Clurg, McKee, Mercur, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson,
| Noell, Orth, Paine, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
I liam II. Randall, Ritter, Ross, Sawyer. Shanklin,
i Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Stokes, Taber,
Nelson Taylor, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trimble,
; Andrew H. Ward, Henry D. Washburn, Whaley,
Williams, and Stephen F. Wilson—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Alhson, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman,Benjamin, Blaine,
Boutwell, Brandegee, Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Conkling, Cook, Davis, Dawes, Demmg, Dixon, Eg-
gleston, Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Hill, Holmes,
.John H.Hubbard, Jenckes. Julian, Kelley,Ketcham,
Laflin, William Lawrence, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin,
McRuer, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton.-Myers,
O'Neill, Patterson, Pcrham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price,
Alexander H.Rice, Rollins, Schenck. Scofield, Shel-
labarger, Starr, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Hamilton Ward, Warner, William B. Washburn,
Wentworth, James F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, Banks, Barker, Blow, Bundy, Chanler,
Culver, Darling, Delano, Denison, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Ecklcy, Farnsworth, Goody ear, Gris-
wold, Harris, Hart, Henderson, Asahel W. Hubbard.
Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jones, K;>^on, Kelso, LcBlond,
Marshall. Marston, Maynard. McCullough, Mclndoe,
Miller, Plants, Radlord, Raymond, John H. R*ee,
Rogers, Rocisseau, Sitgrcaves, Strouse, Nathaniel <t.
Taylor. Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburn©, Welker, \V in-
field, and Wright—53.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the ameadraent
