110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IB,
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
FRANCIS S. LYON.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported back Senate bill
N.o. 873, releasing to Francis S; Lyon the inter-
est of the United_ States in certain lands, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill provides that anyinterest which the
United States have in the lands described in
a deed executed by Wager Swayne, assistant
commissioner of the Bureau of Preedmen and
Abandoned Lands in the State of Alabama,
to Francis S. Lyon, bearing date February 3,
1866, be released and confirmed to the said
Lyon.
The bill was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. THAYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE HENRY PREBLE, UNITED STATES NAVY.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I ask leave to report
back from the Committee on Naval Affairs Sen-
ate bill No. 176, for the relief of George Henry
Preble, a commander in the Navy of the Uni-
ted States, with a recommendation that it do
pass. There is a report accompanying the bill,
and unless some gentleman desires further
information, after it has been read I shall ask
for the previous question.
The bill provides that the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury be authorized and di-
rected, in settling the accounts of George Henry
Preble, a commander in the Navy of the Uni-
ted States, to allow him pay as a commander
from the 16th of July, 1862^ in the same way
and manner as if the order discharging him
from the naval service had never been issued.
It appears from the report that the petitioner
alleges that, being an officer in the Navy on
the 5th of August, A. D. 1862, he was pro-
moted to his present rank, to date from the
16th day of the preceding July; that the Sen-
ate on the 21st day of the then next February
confirmed him as such commander.
He farther alleges that while he was on duty,
on the 12th of October, 1862, he received offi-
cial notice by a letter from the Navy Depart-
ment, dated September 20, 1862, that he was
dismissed from the naval service; and that he
remained in that situation until he was, on the
21st of February, 1863, confirmed as com-
mander by the Senate on a nomination of the
President made on the 12th of the same
month. Under these circumstances, he prays
that he may be allowed pay as commander
afloat from the 16th of July, 1862, to the 12th
of October, in the same year, and of a com-
mander waiting orders from the latter date to
the 21st of February, 1863, when he was con-
firmed in his present office by the Senate.
The facts alleged in the petition the com-
mittee find, on reference to the official records
of the Government, to be true.
The nomination of Commander Preble, made
by the President on the 12th of February, 1863,
to take rank from the 16th of July«previous,
the precise time from which his former ap-
pointment was to date, and its subsequent
confirmation by the Senate on the 21st of the
same month, in the opinion of your commit-
tee had the effect, and was manifestly intended
to have the effect, of putting him precisely
where he would have been if the order of the
Navy Department of September 20, 1862, dis-
charging him from the naval service, had never
been issued, and must be considered and taken
to be a full revocation of that order, and a eon-
donation of any real or supposed offense or
delinquency on his part subsequent to the pe-
riod from which his commission was to entitle
him to take rank. Under those circumstances
your committee are of opinion that the prayer of
the petitioner is just and reasonable and ought
to be granted, and report a bill for his relief.
Mr. WASHBURNK, of Illinois, ft seems
to me it is establishing an important principle,
and that if we adopt it tiie Lord only knows
where it will end. If we adopt-it in the Navy
it must apply to the Army. It seems a cer-
tain commander in the Navy was dismissed
from the service, that he was out of the ser-
vice for six months and was then restored;
and this bill, as I understand, proposes to pay
him for the time he was out of the service. If
we adopt that principle there are hundreds and
hundreds of cases of like character in the Army
as well as in the Navy, and there is no telling
what amount of money we will be compelled
to pay to men who have not been in the ser-
vice at all. Unless there are some peculiar
circumstances ifi this case, talcing it out of
this general principle, I hope the bill will not,
pass.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. As I said on the intro-
duction of the report, I should content myself
with the facts there presented, unless some gen-
tleman, or the House itself, showed a disposi-
tion that further facts should be stated, or the
principles upon which the committee. acted
should be given. This bill, as will have been
seen by the House, is to allow the accounting
officers of the Treasury to pay to Commander
Preble, of the United States Navy, the amount
he would have been entitled to had he not
been discharged from the service. Commander
Preble,being a captain in the Navy, was pro-
moted by the President to the rank of com-
mander, to date from July 16, 1862. He was
then in service in the Gulf—I think in com-
mand of a vessel blockading Mobile. Before
his commission reached him, for an offense for
which the Secretary of the Navy thought ade-
quate, ho was removed from the Navy. Sub-
sequently, and while he was laboring under this
disability, by order of the Secretary of the
Navy, with full knowledge of the facts, and upon
representation made to President Lincoln, he
was renominated as commander in the Navy,
his nomination to date back and take effect
from the time of his original nomination. He
was nominated on the 21st of February, 1863,
to be commander, or to be promoted—for that
was the effect of the nomination—as from the
16th of July, 1862. He was removed by order
of the Secretary of the Navy on the 12th of
October, 1862.
Now, the committee believe—in fact they
understood from the gentleman who made a
representation of the ease to the President—
that Mr. Lincoln intended in the renomination
of this officer, despite his removal by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, that it should date from the
Jtime of his original promotion, and that such
was the contemplation of law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman yield.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. The gentleman is
always able to take care of himself.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
wish to take the floor; only to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. When I am in the
discharge of the duty of reporting a case from
a committee I prefer to state my case fully and
then answer any- interrogatories that may be
put to me by any member of the House. It
will be observed by the House, upon this state-
ment of facts, that when this officer was rein-
stated, though he was out of the naval service
to be sure for about six months, to wit, from
the 12th of October, 1862, to the 21st of Feb-
ruary, 1863, his reappointment was to date
back as of his original rank.
Now, if I understand the argument of the
gentleman, and I feel the speciousness of it if
not its force, an officer who was not doing naval
service is not entitled to the pay of a naval
officer. But it was stated before the committee—
I think it came from the proper Department;
at any rate the proof was before the committee
from officers of the Navy—that in case of an
officer being retired by the action of a board
and afterwards being reinstated, the original
rank aud pay dates back to the time of the
retirement. At any rate there are cases where
special legislation has been had in this way.
Now, it seemed to the committee clear that
the intention of the President was to condone
the offense for which be was removed and wipe
it out as if there was no such offense as justi-
fied his removal, and it seemed clear to us that
the President renominated him as of the date
of his removal.
This bill would draw from the Treasury about
$1,600 as pay for a commanding officer waiting
orders, ihough it may be of no special con-
sequence in this case, I will state that this
officer has since proved to be a very valuable
one to the naval arm of the service. During
the war he organized and commanded the corps
of Marines who led the assault upon Fort
Fisher under the bombardment of our fleet.
The amount involved is small and it seemed to
the committee that they were following the
precedent in such case and carrying out the
intention of the President and of the law in
reporting this bill. With this statement I leave
the matter with tbs House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If my
friend will permit me 
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I have no control of
the floor now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
gentleman had permitted me to ask a question
it would have obviated the necessity of saying
what I propose to say. I "did not desire to
interrupt thegentleman's argument, but to sug-
gest to him at the point upon which he was
then speaking, that it must be treated as if
there was no removal at all. The President
having put this officer back where he was
before, it was in substance no removal: and
the question I desired to ask the gentleman
was, why was it necessary to come here and
ask Congress to pass this bill to pay him if he
really was in the Navy and entitled to pay?
Why could not the proper accounting officers
of the Government pay him his salary ? There
seems to be something wrong in regard to it.
His reasoning seems to fail entirely, because if
his reasoning were correct there would be no
necessity for an application to pay him for
services which it is not contended that he ever
rendered the Government.
Now, sir, as I remember this case, this man
was dismissed from the Navy by the Secretary
of the Navy on grounds which he deemed suf-
ficient, and which I believe the country con-
curred in at the time, and he was out of the
service. But the usual pressure was brought
to bear on our good and lamented Chief Magis-
trate and he finally restored him; and now,
after having been out of the service for six
months, he is not satisfied with being restored
to the service and taking his pay from the time
of his reappointment, and he con.es here and
asks us to pay him for the time that he was out
of the service.
Now, I think this is drawing it rather steep,
and I think the House will never consent to
the adoption of this principle. Where will it
stop? Is there a member of Congress here who
does- not know cases in the military ^rvice
where men have been dismissed the service
and afterward restored ? But has there been
a single case in which the Government has
paid the officer dismissed for the time that he
was out of the service? I do not know of a
single case, and I do not think the gentleman
from Connecticut can show me a case where
the Government has paid money under these
circumstances.
I think, sir, that wo should be establishing
a most dangerous precedent, and I trust the
House will ponder over the question before
they establish it-
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask one or two
questions for the purpose of obtaining some
information. In the first place, I would like
to know whether, as a general rule, officers
draw their pay from the date of fheir commis-
sions or from the time of actual service. _ I am
informed that the date of the muster is the
time. I asked the question because I really
did not know how it was.
I would ask further whether in this particu-
lar instance the pay is to date from the time
