1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
of the Committee of the Whole to strike from
the bill the following:
In paragraph sixteen [of section seventy-nine]
strike out "$100" and insert in lieu thereof '$500."
Mr. GARFIELD. Upon that question I
call for the yeas nnd nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 7:3, nays 60, not voting
54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Barker, Bergen,
Bidwell, Boyer, Broinwell, Buckland, Campbell,
Header W. Clarke, Cooper, Cullom, Dawson, Delrees,
Eldiidge, Farquhar, Finek.Glossbrcnner, Hale, Aaron
Harding, Hawkins, Hayes, Higby. Hill, Hise, Hogan,
Hooper, Ilotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Ilubbell, James It. Hubbell, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Kerr, Koontz, Kuykendall, Latham,
George V. Lawrencc, Le Blond, Leftwich, Loan, May-
nard, McKce, Mereur, Newell, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Noell, Ortli, Paine, Samuel J. Randall, William H.
Kandall, liitter, Ross, Sawyer, Shanklin, Spalding,
Stevens. Stilwell, Stokes, Taber, Nelson Taylor,
Thayer, John L.Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew
H. Ward, Henry D. Washburn, Whaley, Williams,
James F. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—73.
NAYS — .Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Brandegee, Broomall,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Dawes, Deming,
Dixon, Donnelly, Eggleston, Eliot, Ferry, Gariield,
Grinnell, Holmes, John II. Hubbard, J enckes, Julian,
Ketcham, Latlin, William Lawrence, Longyear,
Lynch, Marvin, MeRuer, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris,
Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, Pike,
Pomcroy, Price, Alexander H. Iticc, Rollins, Scofield,
Shellabaigcr, Starr, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Hamilton Ward, Wainer, William B. Wash-
burn, Welkcr, Wentworth, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—03.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Arnel!, Delos
R. Ashley, Banks, Blow, Bundy, Chanler, Culver,
Bailing, Davis, Delano, Denison, Dodge, Driggs,
Duaiont, Fckley, Farnsworth, Goodyear, Griswold,
Abncr C. Harding, Harris, Hart, llenderson, Asahel
Ay. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingcrsoll, Jones, Kasson,
Kelley, Kelso, Marshall, Marston, McClurg, McCul-
lough, Mclndoe, Miller, Phelps, Plants, Radford,
Raymond, John II. Rice, Rogers, Rousseau, Schenck,
Sitgreaves, Sloan, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Robert T. Van Horn,
Elihu B.Washburne, Win held, and Wright—5-1.
The next amendment was in the clause, in
the free list, relating to steam-engines and
boilers, to strike out the words "locomotives
and marine;'' so that the clause will read
"steam-engines, including boilers.''
Tho question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 32, noes 28; no quorum vot-
ing.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Morrill and
Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ages 43, noes 61.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the follow-
ing section :
Sec. And be it further enacted. That whenever
fraud has been or may be alleged by the Government
officials to have been perpetrated by the distillers or
rectifiers of distilled spirits, and tho person charged
denies the saino and tenders to tho assessor bonds
with sufficient sureties, to bo approved by said as-
sessor, in double the amount of the alleged fraud, to
appear at the district court of the United States for
the proper district and answer the charge of fraud,
either on indictment or in acivilsuit, which theGov-
ernment is hereby authorized to institute, and if the
same be found against him, to pay the full amount of
said verdict and costs, and abide tho sentence of the
court, then no further proceedings shall be had by tho
assessor or col lector, but the case shal 1 bo returned to
said court to bo proceeded in to final judgment, as in
other cases. Until such decision tho defendant shall
be permitted the free use of his property.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes thirteen, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I called
for a separate vote on all amendments adding
sections to the bill. I now withdraw that call.
The remaining amendments of the Com-
mittee of the Whole were then agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. MORRILL. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed : and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TROOPS IX UTAH.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Territoriesbe
instructed to inquire into the necessity of having a
larger military force stationed in Utah Territory, in
order to protect thepeoplo against Indian hostilities
and other outrages; to preserve order when the civil
authority shall fail or prove inadequate to any con-
dition or emergency demanding such aid; and gen-
erally to secure the execution of tho laws of the
United States in said Territory : also what additional
number of troops and what legislation, if any, are
required to accomplish the objects above named,
and meet tho wants and condition, present as well as
prospective, of said Territory.
Mr. BIDWELL. I have here a communi-
cation upon this subject from General W. B.
Hazen, of the United States Army, who made
a tour of inspection in that Territory last year.
| I ask that it be referred to the Committee on
the Territories, and ordered to be printed,
i The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
i just taken; and also moved that th?motion to
i reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW ORLEANS CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. ELIOT. I am instructed by the select
committee to investigate matters in connection
with the New Orleans custom-house to make
a report and ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject. I move
that the report be laid on the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOYER. As a member of that com-
mittee I desire to say that there is one-point in
which I do not entirely agree with the major-
ity of the committee. I therefore ask the
privilege of making a minority report, or, what
will answer my purpose as well, three minutes'
time to state what I object to in the report.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to say that it appears
in tho report, precisely in accordance with what
I supposed to be the wish of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Boyer,] that he dissents
from one of the conclusions to which the ma-
jority of the committee have arrived.
Mr. BOYER. I dissent from the fifth point
in the report of the minority in relation to there
not having been proper care observed in the
selection of persons appointed to positions in
the custom-house.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I hope time will not be
consumed in the discussion of this matter.
Mr. ELIOT. I shall want to make a state-
ment if the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Boyer] makes one.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania desire to make a minority report?
Mr. BOYER. I do; but only upon that one
point.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania desires to reserve the right to present
a minority report. Is there any objection ?
There was no objection.
MOUNT VERNON MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I ask leave to with-
draw from the files of the House the memorial
and accompanying papers of the Mount Ver-
non Manufacturing Company.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to give notice that
to-morrow morning, immediately after the
morning hour, I shall move to take up the
tariff bill, and shall endeavor to have the
House continue its consideration until the
question is disposed of. I shall e*pect the
friends of the measure to be here to sup-
port it.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 578) entitled "An act to
extend the provisions of an act entitled 'An
act for the final adjustment of private land
claims in the States of Florida. Alabama, and
Missouri, and for other purposes in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to proceed to the consideration
of the special order, the regular appropriation
bills.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of tho Wliole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Donnelly in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1181)
making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of certain fortifica-
tions and other works of defense for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, the first reading of tho bill was dis-
pensed with, and the bill was read by clauses
for amendment.
The Clerk read the following:
For construction of permanent platformsfor modern
cannon of largo caliber in existing fortifications of
important harbors, $100,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend by
striking out the clause just read.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know what reason
there can be for offering this amendment.
When these fortifications are finished—and it
is supposed that the appropriations here pro-
posed will finish them—they must have these
platforms.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have made this motion
because I wish to economise somewhere. Hero
is an item proposing to appropriate $100,000
"for construction of permanent platforms for
nlodern cannon of large caliber." We have
no war oru hand now; we are not likely to
have any; and whenever we want anything
in that line we can make it in a very short
time. Before there will be any occasion to use
these works we shall have perhaps some fur-
ther improvement in cannon, or tho whole
works will have gone to decay, not to be re-
built. This appropriation is quite a large
amount. The aggregate amount of the appro-
priations in the bill is very large ; and I sup-
pose, sir, though I am not advised on that
point, that the bill contains a large portion of
the appropriations which were defeated the
other day.
Mr. STEVENS. Appropriations to the
amount of about three quarters of a million
have been omitted in preparing this bill. I
will say to my colleague that, after the bill
was deteated the other day, we sent for the
General in command and asked him to make
a statement of the lowest sums witli which he
could carry on the works already in progress
without permanent injury to the public service.
He made out a statement of these appropria-
tions as the smallest that would be justified
in view of the necessities of the public service.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am satisfied that there
is very little necessity for this appropriation of
$100,000 ; and it is a pretty large sum. I sup-
pose, however, that if we adopt the theory
lately adopted by some of our friends here—
that we can abolish all taxes by paying for
everything in greenbacks—it does not make
much difference how much we appropriate.
Mr. ROSS. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee on Retrenchment.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order."
On the amendment of Mr. Scofield there
a7es 44, noes 40 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Messrs. Scofield and
Kasson.
I he committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 51, noes 49.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
$155 0<X)UtTey nort'lern northwestern lakes.
