1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate for a few moments to submit one
other amendment, which may possibly meet
the same fate with some of the others, but
which is nevertheless just. On page 86, sec-
tion thirteen, line forty-nine, I move to strike
out the words "fifty cents'' and to insert
"ono dollar;" and in line fifty to strike out
the words " and twenty per cent, ad valorem'
so that the clause will read:
On all other marble, in slab or block, one dollar
per cubic foot.
Mr. President, when this subject was under
consideration the other day it was stated as an
effective argument, by my friend from Maine,
against this provision which was agreed upon
in the House and sent to us, that the marble
interests, as he understood it, of Vermont were
not suffering, and he called upon me to state
whether they were or not. Not having inform-
ation of a reliable description upon that sub-
ject I would not say that they were, Tsecause
I felt it to be my duty to the Senate to be
careful, as I trust every other Senator is, in
stating any matter of fact upon which the
Senate is to act, to state it within bounds.
Since that time I have had a conversation with
an eminent and highly respectable gentleman
of that State engaged in the business of quar-
rying and working statuary marble of the
description that comes under this clause that
I am seeking to amend, and who, although he
has a complete knowledge of the whole sub-
ject has no interest in this description of
marble.
This gentleman tells me that at the present
rates of duty and with the present competition
of Italian marble, introduced, as it undoubt-
edly is, at a false valuation, at only sixty cents
•or thereabouts per foot instead of sixty-five, as
I stated the other day, the marble production
of Vermont is absolutely in distress, and that
the stock of marble produced of the veined
description is accumulated on the hands of the
quarrymen and the marble-workmen. He also
states, what I stated before, that under the
present tariff increasing the rate from the old
law the increase of revenue has been very con-
siderable. lie also states, what I was in error
in stating otherwise the other day, that not
only is the revenue increased but under this
present increased rate the importation still
continues to increase above what it was before.
We have, therefore, this case for the candid
consideration of the Senate: here is an in-
terest in which millions of dollars are invested;
and a very large number of persons are engaged
in labor in making this capital invested pro-
ductive. The product, this veined marble
which comes in competition with the cheaper
descriptions of the Italian marble at the present
rates, with the present internal revenue tax,
with the present price of gold, being nearly
one hundred cents lower than it was when the
last tariff act was passed in 1804, is unable to
compete with this foreign production, and
therefore the foreign importer sells his blocks
of the veined marble, which comes in compe-
tition with this description of which I am now
speaking, at a rate which enables him to com-
mand the market against the home producer.
Now, upon these facts, which I am willing
to vouch for myself, because I know so well
the honor and integrity of this gentleman, who
lives in the marble district and states the fact
to mo, I submit it to the candid judgment, of
the Senate whether it is right when you have
increased the duty almost up to the House i
rates, and increased it on everything above the
old law almost, that you should still leave this
one single interest just as the present law is.
Is it right? Is it just? Is it doing that justice
to one description and one class of industry
which has been done—and I am glad it has
been done—to other classes of industry that
needed it?
I was not able to say upon my knowledge
the other day that this class of industry did
need it in the face of the statement of my friend
from Maine, that these gentlemen had more
orders than they could fill. As applied to the
white or statuary marble, which is superior to
the Italian altogether, it is true; because that
description of marble is somewhat scarce and
therefore the orders for it are as great as can
be filled. ^ As to this veined description of
marble which makes your table-tops and your
wash-stands, and most of your mantels and
that sort of thing, the truth is otherwise.
Now, upon this state of facts I think it right
that the Senate should extend to this branch
of industry the same protection which you have
extended to other branches of industry, and
to give us that protection which, while it in-
creases your revenue, as your experience so
far has shown that this increase of duty does,
will protect in some measure this largo branch
of industry.
Mr. MsDOUGALL. Mr. President, the
question now is, whether everybody shall bo
protected in building and working marble, or
whether we shall all be protected ourselves.
In that lies the whole problem. We hear now
persons constantly asking for protection, from
Salem, for instance, from Boston, from Lynn,
wanting something about the introduction of
coal from the Provinces and a duty on wool.
Wool came first. The first question of wool
was from the State of the Senator from Ver-
mont, where they made first the whole ques-
tion about protection. It conies now from
some parts of the West, and at last we have
got to have wheat protected, and lumber pro-
tected, and we hero talk about the difference
between whitewood and basswood, but without
understanding their distinction, as if pine were
of the same family. It all amounts simply to
this: that all of us in our great country, bor-
dered by the seas and the great lakes, from
every locality are looking constantly and con-
tinually after our own little local interests. Sir,
if we cannot avoid that and lay the base of our
system upon the revenue and the needs of the
Government with regard toequality, East,West,
North, and South, over this great continent, wo
cannot last.
I did not have the opportunity to express
my views about the matter when I had to
change my vote yesterday. 1 misunderstood the
pending question about the introduction of coal
from the Provinces here, to promote industrial
operations in New England, as against all the
people of the United States. We have coal
and iron and all those things in the mountains
and in the valleys throughout the country
where I inhabit. But my people ask no pro-
tection: they protect themselves. The objec-
tion to all these measures that are multiplied
upon us until they are almost infinite is that
they make us a diverse people instead of being
one people. If an interest grows up in Rhode
Island connected with the reeling of cotton it
must bo specially attended to by the Senators
and Representatives from that State, and so
throughout the country. I believe my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has not asked for
protection upon pork, at least not that I
remember; but there are gentlemen here ask-
ing for the protection of wheat. Suppose that
I should ask that gold should be protected in
its production, or silver, or copper, or any of
the results of our great mining interests, or
any of those things that are being now de-
veloped on the Pacific coast; what would be
thought of it? I should be laughed to scorn ;
I should not get the approbation of even a
small minority ; and yet I have the same right
to ask that the laborers in the mines of the
West, Colorado, Dakqta, Idaho, Montana,
Oregon, and California, my own State, should
be protected, and that interest is more worthy
of protection on account of the internal econ-
omy and according to the true rules of con-
ducting a Government that wants a money
basis for its circulation. This interest is enti-
tled, I will not say to protection, but to pro-
motion, and in any State in Europe would be
aided, not protected, advanced by the Govern
ment. Those interested in these pursuits have
never asked protection. All thoy have asked
is not to be crowdcd with impositions.
Sir, until we go back to a system of legisla-
tion that shall treat North and South and East
and West upon the same cardinal principle of
equality we shall never have recovered our
former status, and shall not be in as healthy a
condition as when we passed the tariff law of
1816. My constituents seek no legislation for
protection; but if there is any part of the con-
tinent of North America that might aslc for it
with justice it is a people who have developed
the wealth that has built your palatial resi-
dences in New York, Newport, Boston, and
elsewhere. But, sir, they have asked nothing ;
they have rendered their labor and sent you
gold. I am satisfied that the chairman of the
Committee on Finance is endeavoring to con-
duct business properly, but I wish we might get
back to some basis "governed by a systematic
policy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 12, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Edmunds, Fow-
ler, Frelinghuysen, Hondricks, Howe, Kirkwood, Po-
land, Spraiue, Wade,and Wilson—12.
NAYS—Messrs. IJuckalcw, Cowan, Davis, Fessen-
den, Grimes, Lnno, McDougull, Morrill, Kamsey,
Sherman. Trumbull, Van Winkle, WiUcy, Williams,
and Yates—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cattoll, Cra-
nio, Cromwell.Dixon. Doolittle,Fogg, loster, Gutlirie,
Karris, Henderson, Howard, Johnson, Morgan, Nes-
mitli, Norton, Nyo, Patterson, Pomeroy, Itiddlc,
ltoss, Saulsbury, Stewart, and Sumner—25.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move on page 6fi, in
line six hundred and nineteen of section nine,
to insert "one and" after "ash;" so as to
read:
On soda-ash, ono and a half cent per pound.
Soda-ash is an article that goes largely into
the consumption of the country. We import
an immense quantity of it—eighty thousand
tons. I propose to put up the duty from a
cent to a cent and a half.
Mr. WILSON. What is it used for?
Mr. CHANDLER. For the manufacture
of glass, for the raising of broad, and for a
thousand purposes. It is an article of absolute
necessity. The constituents of it are salt, sul-
phate of copper, limestone, and wood ; and
that is all there is in soda-ash ; these are the
entire articles used in the composition.
At this time we have one establishment that
cost several hundred thousand dollars in Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania ; but we have the materi-
als m the greatest abundance all over the coun-
try. Now, in ease of a war with Great Britain
the price of soda-ash might go up to fifty cents
a pound iti ten days. At one time there was
a prevalence of westerly gales for a few weeks,
and the price of soda-ash went up from four or
four and half to fifteen cents, and remained
there for two months. It is an article of prime
necessity, and we have the materials for its
manufacture in the greatest abundance and
ought to produce it. It is a very cheap article,
costing now only four and a half cents a pound.
The manufacturers tell us that with a duty of a
cent and a half a pound they can produce and
will produce within a very short time all that the
country requires. This increase of duty will
not diminish the use of it to the amount of a
pound while we are getting under way. We
have salt in the greatest abundance. Sulphate
of copper is to-day exported from the Lake
Superior region to England to be turned into
soda-ash and brought back to Michigan, and
there used in the manufacture of glass and for
the raising of bread.
It seems to me that if so small a duty as a
cent and a half a pound will enable our own
manufacturers to produco this enormous quan-
tity, for it is really enormous, tlmt is used in
the country, we ought to grant that little pro-
tection, and I hope this amendment will pre-
vail. It will increase the revenue immensely
and enable us to take the duties off tea and
coffee and things that the poor people use.
