is m.
THE OOKGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
of the remission of the sentence or of the new
appointment made by the President.
Mr. BRANDEGEE obtained the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Perhaps the gentleman
will allow me to make the motion, and then
he can speak to it.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. As I am charged by
the Committee on Naval Affairs with the duty
of reporting this hill to the House, of course
the gentleman will see very readily that I can-
not consent, so far as I am concerned, to any
motion that would interfere with the present
consideration and passage of the bill, but hav-
ing reported it to the House, it is for the House
to say what disposition they will make of it,
either proceed to action upon it or refer it to
some more appropriate committee.
In deference to the suggestion of the gen-
tleman, however, I shall refrain from moving
the previous question on the passage of the
bill, and the gentleman can test the sense of
the House on his motion. Before, however,
I surrender the floor for that purpose, I will
answer, as far as I can, the questions of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. I think that if
he had followed my first statement, he would
have found it unnecessary to make such
inquiries.
He asks whether the action of the President
in nominating the applicant in this case a sec-
ond time to this rank was understood to be or
intended to be a reversal of the sentence or
whether it was-in the nature of an original
appointment. That is a matter for each gen-
tleman to decide for himself.
The fact is merely that an officer in the Navy
was nominated for promotion and confirmed.
That fact having taken place another fact
occurred, and that is that he was removed by
order of the Secretary of the Navy. And then
there is a third fact, the recision of the sen-
tence or reappointment.
Now, some men may consider that an original
appointment. It is such upon the face of it;
but the committee came to the conclusion, from
the fact that he was appointed as of the same
date of his original appointment, and from the
fact that the case was presented to the Pres-
ident, that it was intended by the President to
reverse the decision of the Secretary of the
Navy, as it does in point of fact, and in con-
templation of law it must have been intended
to be a condonation of any offense, real or
supposed, for which he was removed by the
Secretary.
In regard to the motion which will be made
to refer this bill to the Committee of Claims, I
will only say that the Committee on Naval
Affairs found this matter before them by the
decision of this House. They do not claim
jurisdiction over this matter, except so far as
the House gives them jurisdiction. This bill
came to us from the Senate. In that body it
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
which committee reported it back to the Senate
for action. I do not know that I am quite
parliamentary in referring to the action of
that body. But it is apparent from the rec-
ords that such were the facts, and therefore it
may not be unparliamentary for me to refer to
them. The bill passed the Senate, and came
to this House. The bill was referred by the
House to the Committee on Naval Affairs, which
committee after investigation instructed me to
report it back to the House, as I have done.
It is for the House to determine what action it
will take in reference to it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not make the motion
to refer this bill to the Committee of Claims
from any feeling of hostility to the bill. It
may be just, or it may be unjust. But by
referring it to the Committee of Claims, which
committee will have charge of all such claims,
we will secure uniformity of action. However
able or honest the committee may be that have
reported this bill they have jiot charge of
claims of this kind. They have reported this
bill, and the Committee of Claims may report
against a dozen bills of the same kind. Now
we want uniformity of action in matters of this
kind. Let us have the advice of the commit-
tee that have charge of all such matters so
that all our bills may be treated alike. I there-
fore move that this bill be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. PIKE. I hope the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] will
not prevail, because I do not see how the
Committee of Claims can develop by their
action any new facts to be presented to this
House. Whether it would have been proper
originally to have sent this bill to the Commit-
tee of Claims, instead of to the Committee on
•Naval Affairs, is not now to be decided by the
House. It was sent to the Naval Committee;
they have examined and ascertained the facts
in the case, and the bill has been reported to
the House by the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Brakdegee,] as the organ of the com-
mittee. Now, it seems to me to be entirely
unnecessary to send this bill to another com-
mittee to decide upon the facts of the case.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Pike] allow me to interrupt him
a moment?
Mr. PIKE. Certainly.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Perhaps the Committee
of Claims may develop no new facts. But
they will report under the rule which has been
established by that committee for their govern-
ment. At the last session we defeated a bill
here which everybody admitted was a meritori-
ous one, simply because it came from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations instead of the Com-
mittee of Claims ; at least that was one of the
arguments used against the bill. Now, let this
bill go to the Committee of Claims, and let
them report whether they are in favor of it
under the rules that have governed them and
the action of this House in connection with such
subjects. The Naval Committee have nothing
to do with making appropriations to pay claims
merely because the claimant happened to be a
naval officer, who was dismissed from the ser-
vice and afterward restored. They might jast
as well say they have charge of the claims of
men who have been in the military service. It
is not at all within the line of duty prescribed
for the Naval Committee by this House.
Mr. PIKE. The position of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] may be
correct, if it should appear that the Committee
of Claims have established a rule in relation to
the payment of claims similar to this. But I
do not understand that there are any of the
claims pending before the Committee of Claims,
or any other committee of the House, which
is similar in character to this.
Now, this report from the Committee on Naval
Affairs simply provides that the accounting
officers of the Treasury shall examine and
award under the rule now established by the
House in this case. It does not fix any amount
to be paid, that'is for the accounting officers
to determine. It makes no appropriation of
money, but simply provides that the account-
ing officers under this rale shall give to the
applicant in this case whatever may be due to
him during this period of his suspension. It
wonld seem that the suspension was ordered
by the Secretary, and subsequently removed
by the President. Under these circumstances
I hope the bill will not be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Scofieijd,' it was agreed to—ayes 62,
noes 35.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. SCOBTELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN GRAY.
Mr. McINDOE, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported back, with
a - recommendation that it do not pass, a bill
(H. R. No. 835) for the relief of John Gray;
and the bill was laid on the table.
CHARLES M. RAYMOND.
Mr. McINDOE also, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, submitted an adverse
report upon the petition of Charles M. Ray-
mond for a pension; which was laid on the
table.
ADJOURNMENT OVER THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a privileged question, and submit the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That when the
House adjourn on Thursday, the 20th instant, they
adjourn to meet on Thursday, the 3d day of January-
next.
In offering this resolution I will simply say
that if we are to take a recess for the holidays,
we had better agree upon the time as soon as
practicable, so that gentlemen may know what
we shall do and regulate their arrangements
accordingly.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope this reso-
lution will not be adopted. I move that it be
laid on the table.
On the motion, there were—ayes 45, noes 93.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered-.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 46, nays 112, not voting
33 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Delos E. Ashley, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Bcainan, Benjamin, Bingham, Blow, Brom-
well, Bimdy, Header W. Clarke, Cobb, Cullom,
Donnelly, i'arnsworth, Garfield, Abner C. Harding,
Hooper, Hotehkis?, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kuy-
kendall, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Lynch, McKce, McRuer, Morrill, Moulton, Orth,
Paine, Pike, Plants, William II. Randall, John H.
Rice, Rollins, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Trowbridge, Burt Van
Horn, Hamilton Ward, ana Woodbridge—4G.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames,Ancona, An-
derson, Baldwin, Baxter, Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine,
Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee, Broomall, Buckland,
Campbell, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Cooper, Darling,
Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dcnison,
Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston. Eldridge,
Farquhar, i'inck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grinnell,
GriSwold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hawkins,
Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Hise, Holmes, Demas
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,Bdwin N. Hub bell, James
R. HubbeU, Hulburd, Hunter. Kassou, Kelley, Kelso,
Kerr, Ketcham, KooDtz, Laflin, Latham, Lc Blond,
Loan, Longyear, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, May-
nard, McCullough, Mclndoe, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
head, Myers, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell,
O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, Price, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Rice, Ritter, Rogers, Ress. Roirsaean, Saw-
yer, Shanklin, Sloan, Starr, Stilwell, Taber, Nelson
Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Thornton. Trimble, Upson, Van Aernam, Andrew H.
Ward, Elihu B. Wnshbnrne, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wentworth, Whalcy, James M. Wilson, Ste-
phen l'\ Wilson, and Windom—112.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Banks, Barber,
Cbanler, Cook. Culver. Davis, Dumont, Eliot, Ferry,
Hart, Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Humphrey. Johnson, Jones, Lei'twicb, McClurg,
Morris, Phelps, Pomcroy, Radford. Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Schcnck, Strousc, Nathaniel G. Taylor. Robert
T.Van Horn, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Williams,
Winfield, and Wright—33.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
demand the previous question.
Mr. MORRILL. I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw the call for a moment
till I can make a statement to the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must
insist on the call for the previous question.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that this resolu-
tion proposes to vote away one sixth of tho
whole session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
pending the call for the previous question.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion, there were—ayes 75, noes 36.
Mr. MORRILL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Morriix and
Mr. Wasiibubxe, of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided ; and tho tellers reported
—ayes ninety: noes not (jounted.
So the previous question was seconded.
