1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1551
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out "fifty-
five," which will leave the appropriation at
$100,000.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to say on that motion
I am not disposed to make captious opposition
to the pending proposition, especially afterthe
reforms that have been introduced into it; but
I am satisfied $155,000 is more than ought to
be expended for these surveys this year. All
these lakes have been surveyed except about
one half of Lake Michigan and a portion of
Lake Superior, andccrtainly $100,000 i.} enough
to keep all the force oceupicd that the Engineer
Bureau can spare.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will not prevail.
It is very manifest from the statement he makes
he has no definite knowledge of the condition
of the lake surveys. The complaint he has
made against the other appropriations will not
apply to this one, for it is designed and is needed
for civil purposes. I am satisfied from the ex-
amination I have had occasion to make as a
western man and a resident upon one of these
western lakes, that the appropriation made by
the committee in accordance with the recom-
mendation of the War Department is not too
great for the protection of the interests of our
inland commerce. The necessities of that sur-
vey, the necessities not only of the western
country, but of the country at large, require
this entire sum to be appropriated and expended
in making proper suivey of our northwestern
and northern lakes. I hope, therefore, the
House will not be inclined, if disposed to econ-
omy in any direction, to be niggardly toward
the surveys of our northern and northwestern
lakes, so essential to the success of our western
commerce and all the interests located along
those lakes.
Mr. STEVENS. As wo have stricken out
the appropriation for platforms for heavy can-
non, as gentlemen seem to believe there should
be no forts there, and if we do not need any
forts, of course these surveys will be unneces-
sary. But, sir, I judge both this appropriation
and the one for platforms are necessary, and I
shall ask for a vote in the House on the amend-
ment just adopted. I hope the pending motion
will be rejected.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. SCOFIELD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Soofield
and Mr. Paixe were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, noes 00.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to add the words
"to be expended under the direction of the
Coast Survey." It is manifestly the proper
policy of this Government to have the sur-
veys of all of its water lines done by the same
department.
Mr. STEVENS. The lakes have been ex-
cluded from the operations of the Coast Survey
Bureau.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The survey of the north-
ern lakes is very nearly completed, as I have
before stated, only a part of Lake Michigan
and a part of Lake Superior remaining unsur-
veyed, and all the maps and drawings are in
the Bureau of Engineers. If the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee prevails, it
will put the work of the present in one bureau,
while the work of the past is left with another
bureau in another department.
Mr. MAYNARD. By letting these surveys
be closed by the Coast Survey we will have a
system of uniform maps for our coasts and
for the lakes. At the request of friends, how-
ever, I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill; and
on this subject I simply desire to say if my
motion shall prevail we will save, in my judg-
ment, without detriment to the public interest
$1,300,000.
In looking over this bill I find it is made up
almost exclusively of appropriations for re-
pairs, and that exactly $50,000 is required for
the repair of each fort. It seems to me that
no such expenditure is required for any such
purpose. 1 do not see how it should require
$50,000, exactly $50,000, for each one. It
seems to me to be wise economy and good
policy on our part to strike out the enacting
clause of this bill and to save this money to
the Treasury. I hope mj' motion will be
agreed to, and that we will go to other meas-
ures.
Mr. IvASSON. Mr. Chairman, in connec-
tion with the motion to strike out the enacting
clause of this bill the gentleman from Illinois
should also move to disband the Army and
dismantle the Navy, to do away at once with
all the nation's means of offense and defense.
If there be any sound maxim supported by
history, acknowledged by all civilized nations,
recognized by all civilians and military men,
except my friend from Illinois, it is that in
in time of peace we should prepare for war.
In order to cultivate as far as possible a
practical economy, this House the other day
did with the former bill what the gentleman
asks may be done with this. The Committee
on Appropriations, appreciating the import-
ance of at least preserving these great fortifi-
cations, sent again to the War Department, had
again an interview with the officer in charge
of that branch of the service, and, in accord-
ance with the supposed wishes of the House,
they asked him to report the lowest possible
estimate of the expense actually necessary for
this branch of the service to prevent the decay
of existing works commenced, and do those
things which are absolutely necessary to pre-
serve in proper condition the works already
completed. In accordance with that estimate
these items are incorporated in the bill which
is now before the House.
Now, is it proper, when a bill has been pre-
pared in this way by an officer who is the most
competent to prepare it, prepared for the pur-
pose of meeting all reasonable wishes of the
House, for gentlemen on the floor, who know
nothing at all, myself included, if I choose to
take that ground, of the necessity or the details
of our works of defense, to move to abolish
the whole of the appropriations and leave the
works to go to ruin from utter neglect? I sub-
mit this is neither statesman-like nor econom-
ical. I therefore hope that neither this motion
will be adopted nor any other motion in the
direction of indiscriminate and unintelligent
reduction of appropriations which, we are in-
formed on the highest authority, are needed
for the public service.
Mr. ROSS. I regret that I should have
called down the wrath of my distinguished
friend from Iowa by having attempted to econ-
omise the expenditures of the Government in
a slight degree. He says we know nothing
about these things. Somebody must have
made a very close and accurate calculation of
the amount necessary to preserve all these
forts to have ascertained that it takes exactly
to a cent $50,000 for each one of these works.
How happens it that just $50,000 are neces-
sary to preserve each one of these forts that
has been built long ago?
A Member. Built a year ago.
Mr. ROSS. The gentleman says built only
a year. Well, sir, if it requires that am.ount
to preserve a fort that has been built only a
year there must be something wrong. Why,
sir, if our houses were to decay at this rate
they must be made of very extraordinary ma-
terial.
Mr. KASSON. I suppose the gentleman
could not have failed to observe the other
branch of my declaration, that it was to pre-
serve those we had, and also to continue the
work on the unfinished ones and keep them in
a condition to promote economy and safety.
Those works to which the gentleman refers
are most of them unfinished.
Mr. ROSS. Looking over the bill I see it is
all for preservation. Now the gentleman says.
"In time of peace prepare for war." I doubt
if that is a correct doctrine under all circum-
stances.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer an amendment which, if adopted,
will, I have no doubt, make the bill perfectly
acceptablc to him?
Mr. ROSS. My own motion is very accept-
able to me, if it is adopted. Nothing can be
more acceptable than to strike out the enact-
ing clause.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman
allow it to be reported for information ?
Mr. ROSS. Not just at present. This
doctrine of always preparing for war in time
of peace I do not appreciate exactly. I do
not think it is necessary that we should bur-
den ourselves with unnecessary taxes year after
year for fear somebody is going to whip us. I
am not of the opinion that any of the nations
of the world desire particularly to have a con-
flict with this country. I rely upon our re-
sources and our strength in case of emergency
to come to the rescue of our Government.
That is sufficient for defense. They are not
going to attack us. But according to the no-
tion of the gentleman from Iowa we should
be armed to the teeth in order to have peace.
Carry that notion out to its legitimate result
and each man who comes into this Hall ought
to arm himself with a pistol and bowie-knife
in order to insure peace among ourselves. I
do not recognize any such doctrine. There is
j no necessity for it either in an individual or
national point of view. Hence these appro-
priations, in my judgment, are useless expendi-
tures. Year after year we have squandered
the people's money upon these fortifications,
which are of no utility or benefit to the country,
and the sooner we stop this raid upon the
national Treasury the better for us all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to permitthe amendment which I send
to the Chair to be read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that no motion to amend is in order at this
time until this motion is disposed of.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I only ask to have it read
for information.
Mr. GRINNELL. There is no objection to
its being read.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am in favor of the mo-
tion made by the gentleman from Illinois. I
believe this bill ought not to pass. There may
be some few items in it that are needed, but I
believe that most of them are wasteful. I would
not make the motion again to strike out the
enacting clause, having made it the other day,
but I will vote for it.
I know that economy is always unpopular in
a legislative body, and that prodigality isalways
popular. The gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
Windom] a few days ago, in speaking of a
slight effort to save some millions of dollars to
the Treasury and to relieve the tax-payers of
the country to that extent, called it one of
those "spasms of economy" with which, he
said, this House was sometimes seized; and
I thought at the time that there was some ap-
probation of the remark indicated by members
of the House. I wish that gentlemen might
be seized with one of those "spasms" now,
so that we might vote down the bill; but I sup-
pose that since we learned the other day that
we can at any time issue $100,000,000 of legal-
tender notes with which to pay our debts, with-
out levying the amount off the people in taxes,
the House will not hesitate to vote away almost
anything.
I believe, Mr. Chairman, that nearly all of
these appropriations if made will be lost to the
country. I suppose that some few additions
and repairs may be made to the fortifications,
but they will be useless. We have outgrown
all the old modes of fortification. Since I
made the motion to strike out the enacting
clause a few days ago, a great many men who
know more about these matters than I do, and
even more than the gentleman from Iowa,
military men, have spoken to me on the sub-
ject and have told me that these appropria-
