1552
ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
tions would be so much waste, that these forti-
fications would all have to be made over again
upon some new plan, that the experience and
developments of our late war had shown that
to be so ; and that we ought to make no appro-
priations either for erection of new fortifica-
tions or the repair of old ones until we should
be prepared to avail ourselves of the lessons
of the last four years.
Mr. DELANO. I have been unable to
ascertain exactly the amount that this bill
appropriates.
Mr. STEVENS. I will inform the gentle-
.man: $1,305,000.
Mr. DELANO. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
recognize the wisdom of the maxim cited by
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson . ] "In
time of peace prepare for war;" and if this is
the best way of obeying it, then let us appro-
priate this money. However, I do not myself
know of any better way to prepare a nation for
war than to put her finances in a sound and
healthy condition, so that when a heavy and
sudden draft is made upon her she may be able
to meet the exigency. And when a nation is.
as ours is, just recovering from the effects of
an exhausting war, her wisest policy and her
first and most pressing duty is to husband her
resources and strive in every way to put her
finances in a healthy condition.
Therefore, sir, I do not believe that the true
way of putting in practice that wise maxim is
by appropriating this money for these fortifica-
tions. I do not believe that there is much use
in them, or that if war should eome upon us
they would be of any material service to the
country; and I think military men in this
House will concur with me in the opinion that
these permanent fortifications are really of
much less utility than we have hitherto sup-
posed them to be. Our late war taught us that;
and, if I am not mistaken, it also demonstrated
that an army could in a few hours throw up
defenses, in the form of earthworks, much
more valuable and effective than those of a
permanent and very costly character.
It will be seen, by looking over the list of
appropriations in this bill, that there are ap-
propriations for improvements where, if what
1 have just adverted to be correct, they are to-
tally unnecessary. Now, in view of these things,
to which I call the attention of the House,
I hope this whole appropropriation bill will be
postponed, at least for the present. I think the
whole system is one of annual drain upon the
Treasury of the United States without any re-
turning benefit equal to that drain. I am satis-
fied that this annual drain is perhaps more for
loc&l purposes, for the benefit of particular
localities, than for the common weal. I could
say more upon this subject, but I forbear.
Mr. STEVENS. When the former bill, con-
taining appropriations to the amount of nearly
two million dollars, was before this House,
the enacting clause of the bill was struck out.
The Committee on Appropriations then deemed
it their duty to get up something new. They
accordingly sent for the General in command,
and asked him to make out an estimate of the
lowest sum that would be necessary to carry
on what was already nearly completed, and to
preserve what was ' completed without com-
mencing any new work.
lhat estimate was made out according to
our instructions; and the estimate I now hold
in my hand. It leaves out everything that the
General thought came within our instructions,
and inserts nothing but what he deemed abso-
lutely necessary to carry on works nearly fin-
ished without loss to the country. We have
copied that estimate word for word in this bill
and submitted it to the House.
Now, I do not pretend to know so much
about these things as the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Delano] or my colleague, [Mr. Sco-
field.] I do not pretend to know much more
about it than the General in command. But
those gentlemen do know a great deal more
about it than the military authorities of the
nation; they know that these things are not
necessary; they know that fortifications do not
obstruct an enemy. Sir, if that be so, why was
it. after the rebels had seized our forts through-
out all their territory, that it took us so long
and compelled us to construct so enormous a
fleet before we could enter their harbors?
They held us at bay almost to the end of the
war, and kept us.out of the harbors by means
of these very inefficient works to which the
gentlemen refer.
Now, we must do one of two things: abol-
ish your whole system of fortifications, leave
your sea-board forever exposed to the inroads
of the enemy, make no further efforts to finish,
man, and arm those works: or else do not let
them sink into decay by degrees, do not let
them go down now if you ever mean to perfect
them. If you neglect them now you will some
time have to appropriate four times as much to I
rebuild them. i
But we shall never get through the appropri-
ation bills if we devote so much time to dis-
cussion. I move that the committee rise for
the purpose of closing debate. j
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will my colleague [Mr. I
Stevens] allow me one word in reply?
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman had eight
or ten words in advance. i
Mr. SCOFIELD. I want to know if the 1
leader of the House is to get up here and
denounce three or four members as knowing
nothing, and give us no chance to say one word
to show that we are not quite so ignorant as he |
would represent us to be? I
Mr. STEVENS. I call the gentleman to ,
order. |
The CHAIRMAN. The motion that the
committee rise is not debatable. i
The question was taken; and upon a- divis- I
ion, there were—ayes 41, noes 38; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Kasson and
Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes fifty-nine, noes
not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Don-
nelly reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, according to
order, had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the bill of the House
No. 1184, making appropriations for the con-
struction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and other works of defense for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, and had
directed him to report that they had come to
no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the fortification appro-
priation bill, all debate on the bill be closed in
one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Donnelly in the chair, ) and resumed the con-
sideration of the fortification appropriation
bill as the special order.
The CHAIRMAN stated that under the order
of the House debate on the pending bill closed
in one minute.
The pending question was on the motion of
Mr. Ross, to strike out the enacting clause of
the bill.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Ross, it was agreed to—ayes 01, noes 49.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move thai the Com-
mittee rise and report its action to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the Chair, Mr. Donnelly re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
| sideration the bill (H. R. No. 1184) making
i appropriations for the construction, preserva-
I tioa, and repairs of certain fortifications and
; other works of defense for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 18G8, had directed him to report
back the same, with a recommendation that
the enacting clause be stricken out.
The SPEAKER. The question is, ''Shall
the enacting clause tie stricken out?"
! Mr. STEVENS. I move that the further
consideration of that question be postponed
until to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot promise
that it will come up to-morrow. It is impos-
sible to say when the bill will be reached if it
be postponed.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the motion to
postpone and call for the yeas and nays on the
question of striking out the enacting clause.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, (at nine
o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) I move that
the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to, there being—
ayes 30, noes 59.
The question recurred on striking out the
enacting clause.
Mr. HALE. Is this motion debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely trust
that this House will not take so grave a step as
to kill this bill at this period of the session, but
that a little reflection may be devoted to the
consideration of what the necessities of the
nation require.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scofield,] the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Delano,] and others have expatiated upon
the amount of the appropriations involved
here, and they insist that this money is abso-
lutely thrown away. I submit to those gen-
tlemen and to this House that if it be true that
we need no further appropriations for the
defense of this country, for the maintenance
of our means of defense, their argument will
not stop with this bill. And I will ask those
gentlemen how they reconcile the position
which they take here upon this bill with the
votes which they have given for a permanent
military establishment and for our naval appro-
priations ? If it be true that wo need no forti-
fications, it is equally true that we need no
Army, and I may say equally true that we
need no Navy.
_ It is idle for gentlemen to say that these for-
tifications are useless as a means of defense.
No man in his senses ever dreamed of such a
thing as maintaining anything in the nature
of a military power for the defense of the
country except by maintaining proper fortifi-
cations. If it is true that we do not need these
fortifications, we certainly do not need the
troops to garrison them. And if this bill shall
be defeated by a vote of this House, then I
submit that to make ourselves consistent in '
any degree we ought to go further and repeal
what we have done in regard to the organiza-
tion of the Army and the support of the Navy.
Let us disband the Army, disperse the Navy,
dismantle the fortifications, trusting to that
good time which is coming when we shall have
no more wars or rumors of wars.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to suggest that the provisions in regard to
;m<' X.a,yy have reference to ourselves,
while these fortifications have reference to pro-
tection against a foreign enemy? Has the
gentleman considered that distinction?
Mr. HALE. I have not considered it; and
I do not suppose that that is the theory on
which any gentleman acts. I suppose, sir,
that we are to be a united people henceforth
and forever; that we are to present a united
front against all foreign enemies, and not to be
looking forward to future dissentions among
ourselves. I certainly hope that this motion
to strike out the enacting clause will not pre-
vail, but that ive shall go on and perfect the
bill in Committee of the Whole and pass it
through the House.
