876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January
Beside the articles that I have named for
which soda-ash is used, I might mention soap,
and I might name many other things in the
manufacture of which it is used. It is an arti-
cle of prime necessity. We now use about
eighty thousand tons of it. This establish-
ment in Pennsylvania, which cost some two or
three or four hundred thousand dollars, is lying
idle for want of a little protection. I think
the article is one which should receive protec-
tion in this way, and I hope the amendment
will prevail.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know whether
this bill has any friends in this body or not.
If it has any they had better come to its res-
cue. I think, judging from the debates and
the amendments which have been offered, that
this city is full of the representatives of every
interest in this nation, and that every night
they see somebody, and some gentleman of
this Senate suggests this amendment, anc^,
another that one, and so on, and every night
furnishes material for amendments and food
for debate in this body. If the bill is going to
pass at all, it seems to me that its friends had
better come to a conclusion and pass it. There
is no difficulty, so far as the enemies of the bill
are concerned, I believe. The little squad on
this side, I believe, are unanimous against it,
having some little support on the other side;
but we do not intend to throw any difficulties
in the way of the speedy conclusion of the
consideration of the bill; but it would be a
matter of comfort if there could be some
prospect in the future of getting through.
'' Variety is the spiee of life," and I would
like to hear of another bill being taken up in
the course of this session. [Laughter.] I
think myself the bankrupt bill will be the next
bill in order properly: pass this, and then we
ought to take up the bankrupt bill. [Laugh-
ter.] I think it has a logical connection with
this bill. Let us finish this bill, pass it, then
pass the bankrupt bill,' and then adjourn.
The purpose 1 had in taking the floor at this
time was to make a suggestion to the friends of
the bill to show their attachment to it by com-
ing to some results. The supply seems ex-
haustless; one amendment is considered and
voted down; another amendment very much
like it is brought up; we have got to discuss
that at equal length, and so 011. Now, there
are some things that can be understood with-
out great elaboration. _ Take my friend's sub-
ject [Mr. Wade] of grindstones. It seems to
me one man can see as far into a grindstone as
another. A reasonable amount of speaking on
the subject of the grindstone would enable us
to understand it. I use this merely as an illus-
tration. My friend's argument was exceed-
ingly brief and very clear, and went as far into
the grindstone as was possible; but when a
thing is reasonably understood I think we
might as well vote upon it. I do not intend to
abuse the Senate by occupying any more of its
time on this bill; I intend to take about two
seconds in recording my vote against it.
Mr. CATTELL. I agree most heartily with
the Senator from Indiana that both the Senate
and the country would be very much rejoiced
if the Senate got through with the tariff bill and
were engaged in something else; and I most
"perfectly agree with him, too. that if the result
:ie desires shall be accomplished, namely, the
defeat of the bill, the most appropriate thing
to pass next would be the bankrupt bill. I
have not the slightest doubt that with the views
he has expressed and entertains with regard to
the bill he wishes its defeat; and if that result
should ensue the bill to which he has alluded
as coming in such proper connection with this
would then be very well in place.
I shall be exceedingly happy, quite as much
so as the Senator from Indiana, when the
Senati shall have disposed of this question;
and I think I express most heartily the senti-
ments of the chairman of the Finance Commit-
tee, who has stood here day after day faithfully
attending to what he conceived to be the inter-
ests of the country and of the Senate in regard
to this bill, when I say that he will also be
P'
li<
pleased at that result. It is neither his fault
nor the fault of the friends of the bill partic-
ularly that it is embarrassed by these long dis-
cussions. It is a natural result which must
come from a bill of such importance as the
one before the Senate—so much of detail—a
bill which proposes to sweep out of existence
six or seven remnants of tariff bills, and to sup-
ply their place with one which, it was hoped,
would be considered more perfect.
But I did not rise for the purpose of doing
other than objecting to the amendment of my
friend from Michigan relative to soda-ash. I
have only to say in regard to that that if I could
have it so soda-ash would be one of the arti-
cles I would admit free of duty, as being the
base of a large number of our manufacturing
articles, a very large number. I do,not think
our country is adapted to the manufacture of
soda-ash ; it has been tried; experiments have
been made with it without success in a number
of instances, and it has hitherto been free or
nearly free. It is now proposed to put on a
duty of half a cent a pound, ten dollars a ton,
simply as a matter of revenue. That will
give us an importation of eighty thousand tons ;
§800,000 of revenue. I think it is wise and
proper to impose a duty of half a cent a pound
on this article, which, in the present condition
of the country, cannot, I think, be manufac-
tured here even if we impose the proposed
duty. Even if it could be, that rate is too high,
because the article on the other side in ordi-
nary times is not worth more than a penny or
a penny and a half penny. The duty proposed
by the committee is for revenue, and I think it
ought to be maintained.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the question is
put I merely wish to make one observation,
notto argue it. There are a great many other
things in this bill that are predicated upon the
duty on soda-ash and if you change the duty
on soda-ash you must necessarily go through
with those articles and change the duties on
them also. I suppose the Senator from Mich-
igan is prepared to do that, to change them
all, to make them square with what they should
be, provided this duty is raised from half a
cent to a cent and a half.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This article of soda-ash
is used in bleaching—used probably more ex-
tensively than any one article for that purpose.
I hope the duty will not be increased.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. On page 91, in the seventy-
fourth line of section fifteen, I move to strike
out "thirty" and insert "forty," so as to
read " on malt, forty per cent, ad valorem."
The Senate yesterday raised the duty on bar-
ley from fifteen cents, which the committee
reported as the proper rate, to twenty cents a
bushel. My amendment is to raise the duty
on barley after it shall be converted into malt
from thirty to forty per cent., exactly the
same increase that has been voted on barley.
This amendment becomes necessary in con-
sequence of the amendment made yesterday
increasing the duty ou barley. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us vote it down.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire simply to say that
this is a question whether or not we shall
have the barley that is raised in Canada con-
verted into malt on the other side of the Can ■
ada line or on our own side. We have already
increased the duty on, barley to twenty cents,
and this amendment carries up the duty on
malt exactly in the same proportion that we
have carried up the duty on barley.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no need of
carrying it up in the same proportion. That
argument is a 11011 sequitur entirely. The ques-
tion is whether thirty per cent, is high enough.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Davis, Edmunds, Grimes,
Heudricks, Howe. Kirk wood. Lane, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and
Yates—15.
NAYS —Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cattell, Con-
ness, Crasin, Fessenden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Mor-
rill, Poland, Williams, and Wilson—11.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Cowan, Creswell,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fogg, Fester. Guthrie, Harris, Hen-
derson, Howard, Johnson, McDougrall, Morgan, Nes-
mith, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy,Riddle, Boss,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Stewart, and Sumner—25.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, (at twenty minutes past ten
o'clock p. m.) I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
_Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion to allow me to offer an
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer this amendment,
to come at the end of line seventeen of section
seven, of page 26:
And all provisions of law requiring any railroad
company to purchase railroad iron of American man-
ufacture exclusively are hereby suspended for two
years from and after the taking effect of this aet.
This amendment was submitted to the Com-
mittee on Finance, but it was thought better
to present it to the Senate, because it modifies
several important laws relating to the Pacific
railroad. I do not know that it is necessary
to explain it very fully, because it explains
itself. By the provisions of the act organizing
the Pacific railroad that road and its several
branches are required to be made of iron ex-
clusively of American manufacture. They
have found it very difficult during the last sum-
mer to get that iron in sufficient quantities at
reasonable rates. The California branch of
the road especially has found it extremely
expensive to transport railroad iron from Penn-
sylvania and other parts of the country around'
to California; and this exclusion prevents them
from entering into ordinary competition, a
competition which is but reasonable and fair.
The United States has a very large interest in
the Pacific railroad ; it is interested in its rapid
construction ; and yet the railroad companies
are now compelled to pay largely advanced
rates on the iron consumed by them on account
of this restriction. There is 110 reason for the
restriction in my judgment, because if these
companies purchase the iron abroad, as any
other railroad company may do, they have to
pay the duty when it is introduced here.
I may state the fact that the Pennsylvania
Central Railroad Company and other railroad
companies connected with it are now purchas-
ing iron in Wales, and transporting it and lay-
ing it down alongside of the very works which
are making American bars, and shipping them
to Omaha and thence westward for the Pacific
railroad. To require a company in which the
United States has so large an interest to enter
into a competition of this kind is simply sui-
cidal.
It may be said that to repeal these provis-
ions of law would be unreasonable, and there-
fore I have provided only for their suspension
for the next two years, in which time it is im-
possible for the American works now in opera-
tion to supply the enormous demand for rail-
road iron. There is not a single establishment
engaged in rolling railroad iron that is not now
employed to its fullest capacity. The great
number of railroads now building, and the
enormous quantity needed to supply llie waste
material, will keep every rolling-mill, in my
judgment, working to its fullest capacity for
two or three years.
I think there is no reason for continuing this
restriction, at least during the next two years.
Perhaps at the end of that time our rolling-
mills may be able to supply the demand at
reasonable rates. _ The present price of rail-
road iron in Wales is only between five and six
pounds per ton, not over thirty dollars. Un-
der these circumstances to require this railroad
in which we are so much interested to pay the
present rates, which I believe are from eighty
to ninety dollars, is, it seems to me, unreason-
able.
