It$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a question of order.
I want to know, whether it is in order now to
move to amend the proposition so as to provide
for an adjournment sine die. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It is not.-
%. MORRILL. Is it in order to move to
postpone the further consideration of this sub-
ject?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the previous ques-
tion having been seconded.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is it in'order to offer an
amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The main question was ordered; which was
upon agreeing to the resolution.
. Sir. GARFIELD called for the yeas and
nays'.
The .yeas and nays were ordered.
* The question was taken; and it wag decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 53, not vot-
ing 34 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Anderson, Arnell,
Bergen, Bidwell, Blame, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee,
Broomall, Bucklaml, Campbell, Sidney Clarke, Conk-
ling, Cooper, Barling, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, De-
lano, Doming, Denison,' Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Briggs, Eekley, Eggleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Einck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grinnell, Aaron Hardin?,
Hale, Harris, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, liigby, Hill,
Holmes, Hotchkiss, I) em as Hubbard, Edwin If. Hub-
bell, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Hunter, Kasson,
Kelley, Kelso, Kerr, Ketcham, Koontz, Latham,
lie Blond, Loan, Longyear, Marshall, Marvin, Mc-
Cullough, McXndoe, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead,
Myers. Nibiack. Nicholson. Noel], O'Neill, Patter-
son, Perham, Pomeroy, Raymond, Alexander II.
Rice, Hitter, Roger?, Ross. Rousseau. Sawyer, Shank-
lin, Sloan, Starr, Stilwell, Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Upson, Van Aernam,
Andrew H. Ward, Elihu B. Washburnc, William B.
Washburn, Welkcr, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams,
and Stephen P. Wilson—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M.Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman,
Benjamin, Bingham, Bromwell, Bundy, Reader W.
Clarke. Cobb, Cullorn, Earnsworth, Farquhar, Gar-
field, Abner C. Harding, Hawkins, Hise, Hooper,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kuykondall, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lynch, Maynard, Me-
Kee, McRuer, Morrill, Moulton, Orth, Paine, Pike,
Plants, William H. Randall. John H. Rice, Rollins,
Scofield.Shellabarger, Sttgreaves, Spalding, Stevens,
Stokes, Trowbridge. BurtVan Horn, Hamilton Ward,
James F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—53.
NOT VOTIN G — Messrs. Banks, Barker, Blow,
Chanler, Cook, Culver. Davis, Dutnont, Ferry, G?is-
wold, Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester I). Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson. Jones,
Laflin, Leftwich, Marston, McClurg, Morris, Newell,
Phelps, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall. Schenek,
Strouse, Robert T. Van Horn. Warner, Henry D.
Washburn, Winfield, and Wright—of.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved^ to
reconsifler the vote by which the resolution
was passed; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CRAWFOItD KEYS AND OTHERS.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President bo requested to com-
municate to this House copies of all official docu-
ments, orders, letters, and papers of every description
in his possession relative to the trial by a military
commission and convict ion of Crawford Keys and oth-
ers for the murder of Emory Smith and others; also,
in relation to the respite in the ease of said Crawford
ICeys or either of his associates, and their transfer to
Fort Delaware and subsequent release on a, writ of
habeas corpus.
NEW ORLEANS RIOT.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, from the select committee on the New
Orleans riot, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rcsoloed, That the Secretary of War be directed to
transmit to this House any information in the War
Department in reference to the riot at New Orleans
on the 30th of July last, including: any teleghaphie
dispatches sent or received, and all the reports and
testimony of military commissions in the possession
of the Department.
LEAVE OF ABSKN'OK.
(hi motion of Mr. CIXLLOM, leave of absence
was granted to his colleague, Mr. Cook.
COMMITTEE ON PATENTS.
Mr. BROMWELL. The Committee on
Patents was passed over without my knowl-
edge, although I was# ready to make report
from that committee.
Mr. MYERS. I ask that the committee be
considered as not having been passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Gentle-
men on other committees could never consent
to that.
Mr. MYERS. I have always understood
when a gentleman makes a statement like that
of my colleague on the committee it is taken,
and the committee is again called by the Chair.
I make that point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It is not a question of order.
It is when a gentleman makes the statement
his vote has been overlooked that the state-
ment is taken.
Mr. STEVENS. This committee will be
called again after the holidays.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Agri-
culture is in the same condition, having been
passed over.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Cui.lom in the chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of the special order, being
House bill No. 876, making appropriations to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1857, and for other purposes.
The bill was read a first time for information,
and thdn the Clerk proceeded to read the bill by
paragraphs for-amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Eor public binding, $450,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out "pub-
lic binding" and insert "paper for the public
printing/' It is to correct a mistake made in
the estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Southeast Executive Building, including the
extension:
Eor fuel, light, and labor, $23,000.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I move to strike that
out. I simply desire to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations what that
covers? It will be recollected that at the last
session we appropriated over a hundred thou-
sand dollars for furnishing and improving the
Executive Mansion. Now it is proposed to
appropriate $23,000, making an appropriation
of over one hundred and twenty-three thousand
dollars for furnishing and improving the Ex-
ecutive Mansion. It seems to me we are called
upon to exercise economy on these expendi-
tures. We should at least look into them.
Mr. STEVENS. The appropriation asked
for is for the Treasury building and not for the
Executive Mansion.
Mr. PARQUHAR. Not the Mansion ?
Then I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I move
to strike out the following item:
For rendering the Marine Hospital, at Louisville,
Kentucky, habitable, $10,000.
This is a bill for supplying deficienees. and
certainly this is no deficiency, and I doubt the
propriety of the appropriation anyhow for
several good and 'sufficient reasons. In the
first place, we passed a law at the last session
of Congress giving to the Secretary of the
Treasury discretion to sell hospitals of this
character, and providing for the care of sick
seamen and boatmen in another way much
cheaper and better. I hope theie will be no
objection to striking this item out. If there is
anything wanted let the subject be brought in
properly and sent to the Committee on Com-
merce, who will give it their consideration.
Mr. STEVENS. We did pass a law for the
sale of most of the marine hospitals, but we
unfortunately left the matter to the discretion
of the Department to say which. I think,
however, it is not worth considering, and
therefore I shall not object.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 would like to hear from
the member from the Louisville district [Mr.
Rousseau] whether this is necessary. If it
be necessary I will vote for it. But I do not
know whether it is or not.
The motion of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
to strike out the item was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
Eor facilitating communication between the Atlan-
tic and Pacific States by electrical telegraph, 310,000.
Mr. HALE. I would like to inquire for
what purpose thi3 sum of $40,000 is to be
expended, and for that purpose I move to
strike out the paragraph. '
Mr. STEVENS. At the time Congress au-
thorized the company to construct a telegraph
line from the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean,
very much against my sense of right, it ordered
the Government to pay every year a subsidy
of $40,000 for the period of ten years, I be-
lieve, from the date of the original grant, which
will be for eight years to come. Last year, by"
a supposed inadvertence—I have never been
very anxious to put these appropriations in at
any time, and did not look very sharp for it—
we left out the appropriation. On referring to
the law again I find there is no way of getting
around it. By the contract made with the com-
pany the debt is due and ought to be paid.
Hence we have put it in this deficiency bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the gentlemen whether
we have not been passing bills during the last
session of Congress granting privileges to these
companies, and giving them extensive grants
of land on condition that they should furnish
to the Government of the United States tele-
graph facilities, and to this company among
others.
Mr. STEVENS. We did not grant any
land to this company at all. There were sev-
eral companies that got grants of land from
Congress.
Mr. WRIGHT. I mean railroad companies.
Mr. STEVENS. There was no legislation
whatever in regard to this company at the last
session.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
For a deficiency for work done, or being douo by
the corporation of Washington city, in front of and
across Government property, under act of May 5,
1864, as per estimate of city surveyor in letter to the
mayor of said city, accompanying estimate of Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, $170,5S7.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order. This appropriation is not
in order. The privilege was reserved when
the bill was introduced to take exceptions on
points of order in committee. This appropria-
tion is in accordance with no law, 1 believe,
and hence it is out of order here.
Mr. STEVENS. It is in accordance with a
law passed by Congress some years ago, by
which the Government was ordered to pay for
one half of the improvements of this kind which
were to be made by the corporation of the city
of Washington when the same had been ad-
justed, where the Government owned the prop-
erty on one side. That is this ca?e. The law
was passed years ago. and the estimate, unless
there is some mistake in it, is right. Last year
we appropriated a sum for another portion of
this work. The estimate has been made and
filed and the General Government is asked to
pay its proportion. It was put in the general
appropriation bill and was then stricken out in
order to have a regular estimate made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. This whole
question was up, very nearly in this shape, at
the last session of Congress as the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations may recollect,
and there was found to be no law justifying an
appropriation of this kind, and I think the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole ruled
it out of order. It is a proposition which should
come from the Committee for the District of
Columbia. It has no business in this bill and
I think it ought to be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
move to strike out the paragraph. I am not
disposed, upon the information that we have,
to vole for thia city of Washington an appro-
