1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
877
Mr. "WILSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 14; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Chandler, Cres-
well, Davis Fowler, Henderson, Kirkwood, Ramsey,
Willow Wilson, and Yates—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Conness, Cragin, Edmunds, Fessen-
den, Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, Ilowe, Lane, Mor-
rill, Poland, Sherman, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
liams— 11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony,Cattell, Cowan, Dixon,
Doolittlo, Fogg, Foster, Grimes,Guthrie,Harris, How-
ard. Johnson, McDougall, Morgan, Nesmith, Norton,
Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Kiddle, Ross, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, and Van Winkle—26.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
muxds in the chair.) The Senate refuses to
adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have a vote on the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call for
the yeas and nays appears to show the fact that
no quorum is present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Some other Senators
have come in since.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to have my
name recorded.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The result
having been announced, the vote of the Senator
from California cannot be received except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose his appearance
makes a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unani-
mous consent the name of the Senator from
California will be recorded in the negative on
the motion to adjourn. The Chair hears no
objection. The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. RAMSEY. I call for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think the
repeal of so important a law as the one pro-
posed to be repealed should take place in a
bill like this. My impression is that I was
opposed to the original measure which is pro-
posed to be repealed, but the repeal ought not
to be ill this bill. We have not time properly
to consider the question nor to review the
considerations that influenced Congress in the
adoption of that policy. I have some recol-
lection, though no^ very distinct, that there
were certain privileges granted to the Pacific
road in the iron and coal mines along the route
that had something to do with this particular
provision; but I am not able to-night to refresh
my memory about it. T think the proposition
is of sufficient, importance to come before the
Senate as an independent bill. I cannot vote
for it as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the proper place
to put this provision if we intend to suspend
these laws or repeal them. There is no other
bill likely to pass at this session to which it
would properly apply. The objection that it
is out of place 1 think is not well taken. This
bill levies duties on railroad iron. There is a
provision in two or three railroad laws limit-"
mg corporations created by Congress to the
purchase of American iron. This bill is de-
signed to raise revenue from duties on railroad
iron. It seems to me no place could be better
for such an amendment. The question is per-
fectly understood, and I do not want to debate
it to-night. I am willing to take the vote with-
out discussion.
Mr. CONNESS. I beg to suggest to the
Senator from Ohio that it is very evident that
it is unwise to eome to a vote to-night on this
proposition. As has been stated, it is a pretty
important one. I do not know just now how I
shall vote upon it myself. There is probably
less than a quorum in the Senate at the present
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. If any Senator wants to
offer any other amendment, I am willing to
withdraw this now and offer it in the morning.
Mr. CONNESS. It is very evident to my
mind that we shall not be able to proceed any
further to-night. I voted against an adjourn-
ment before, but I do not think there is any
more business left in the Senate to-night.
That is my impression ; and I move therefore
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken
resulted—yeas 12, nays IS; as follows :
.YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Conness, Creswell, Da-
vis, Henderson. Howe, Kirkwood, Rurnsoy, Sprague,
Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattoll, Cowan, Cragin, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Hendricks, Lane,
McDougall, Morrill, Poland, Sherman, Trumbull,
Wade, and Williams—10.
ABSENT—Messrs, Anthony, Brown, Chandler,
Dixon, poolittle, Fogg. Foster, Fowler, Gutlirio,
Harris. Howard, Johnson, Morgan, Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Nye,Patteison, Pomeroy, Riddle, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Stewart, Sumner, and Yates—21.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr.FRELINGHUYSEN. I understood that
the Senator from Ohio proposed to withdraw it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there are other amend-
ments to be offered I am willing to withdraw it
to-night and renew it to-morrow. I do not
wish to break up the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I thought we were stay-
ing here to-night in order to finish the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we are going to sit it
out I insist on my amendment, otherwise I am
willing to withdraw it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ITow can it be with-
drawn after the yeas and nays have been or-
dered?
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will be with-
drawn to-night.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 17 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Brown, Conness, Davis, Hender-
son, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morrill, Sherman, Trum-
bull, Williams, and Yates—11!.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cattcll, Cowan, Cro-
gin, Creswell, Edmunds. Fessenden. Froliiighuysen,
Grimes. Hendricks, MeDougall, Poland, Rauisoy,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey. ami Wilson—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony. Chandler, Dixon, Doo-
Iittle. Fogg, Foster, Fowler, Guthrie, Harris, How-
ard, Johnson, Morgan, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Pat-
terson, Pomeioy, Riddle, Russ, Saulsbury, Sprague,
Stewart, and Sumner—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. McDOIIGALL. I desire to give notice
that I shall move to reconsider the vote just
taken. I voted in the negative in order to be
able to -move a reconsideration. I now give
notice of that motion.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. On pge 57 I
move to insert "of seven and a half pounds"
after "gallon" in line four hundred and four-
teen of section nine. This amendment is in
reference to linseed oil. A gallon of that oil
is seven and a halt' pounds, and it is sold con-
stantly and uniformly by weight. The reason
is because the bulk of it is very much affected
by the temperature, so that a cask will at noon
hold two or three gallons more than it will at
night. Great'errois occur in gauging it. I
have consulted with the commissioner on this
subject, and this amendment meets his ap-
proval.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose that they have
custom-house regulations upon this subject,
and that will apply if they are now in force.
Why not leave them alone?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The custom-
house regulation is to have some process by
which they gauge the quantity of gallons there
are in a cask, and errors are constantly occur-
ring.
Mr. SHERMAN. You are introducing here,
without inquiring, a new system and a new
mode of gauging, which is a departure from
the general rule. It seems to me rather an
unwise step. What assurance has the Senator
that seven and a half pounds constitute a gal-
lon? We have never heard of that before.
The gentleman who appeared before us never
made the representation.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. ^This is my in-
formation from gentlemen with whom I am
well acquainted, wlio are extensively engaged
in this business, and I have no doubt of it3
correctness. Of course, if there should be any
deception in this matter it can be corrected
before the bill becomes a law ; it has to pass
through the other House. I am perfectly
satisfied, or I would not make the motion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from New Jersey if he has any informa-
tion in reference to the weight of the different
kinds of oil mentioned in this clause. I ap-
prehend that when ho speaks of oil being seven
and a half pounds to the gallon he refers to
flaxseed oil simply. Isjt not true that hemp-
seed oil is less in weight? I presume the flax-
seed oil is heavier. If there is any difference
in the weight of these oils, it would not be
proper to apply this rule to all the oils men-
tioned here.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There may bo
something in the objection of the Senator
which had not occurred to me. My amend-
ment was intended to relate to linseed oil. I
withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I now move on
page 30 to strike out from line one hundred
and twenty-seven to lino one hundred and
thirty-two inclusive of section seven, and in
lieu thereof to insert:
On chains, trace-chains, bolter-chains, and fenco-
chains made of wire or rods not less than thrco
eighths of an inch in diameter, two and a half cents
per pound; less than thrco eighths of an inch in
diameter and not less than No. y wire gauge, six ecnts
per pound; less than No. 0 wire gauge, oightcentsper
pound.
Persons engaged in making these chains and
cables referred to in this amendment have
expressed great, dissatisfaction with this bill.
This amendment was placed in my hands by
the commissioner, I believe written by him,
stating that it would be satisfactory; and I
offer it that a vote may lie taken upon it, with-
out making any remarks about it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope it will not be
adopted. It is a very great increase, as I un-
derstand it, from the proposition of the com-
^mittee, which was protective in its character.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Persons em-
ployed in manufacturing these chains and
cables assure me that under the present, tariff
fhey cannot carry on their business; and the
object of this amendment is to have an increase
of tariff. That is the purpose of it: and in-
stead of that being an objection to the amend-
ment, it is its very merit. The increase lias
been adjusted by the approval of (he comtuis-
' sioner in a manner satisfactory to him.
Air. HENDRICKS. I dare say that the
Senator from New Jersey has his information
from very respectable sources, but it is from
persons who arc interested in this pursuit. I
am astonished, sir, that this country is threat-
ened with such an entire ruin of all her inter-
ests if this bill does not pass. If we take the
assurances made here by Senators, based upon
information they receive from parties interested
in particular pursuits, there is not a single pur-
suit of importance in this country that is going
to survive two weeks the defeat of this bill.
Now. with the greatest respect in the world
to the Senator's information, I do not believe
a word of it. I do not believe this country is
in any such imminent danger. These pur-
suits have gone on, and men invested their
money with a full understanding of the busi-
ness long before they had such a system of
protection as existing laws furnish, and they
have made money. But, sir, what is to com-
pensate the men who are to use these chains?
What increase does the farmer get when he
has to pay one third more for the chains he
uses, by a policy that cuts him off from a
foreign market and makes him look exclusively
to a home market? None in the world.
Sir. KIRKWOOD, [at eleven o'clock and
five minutes.] I move that the Senate adjourn.
