1.866*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
priation of $170,000. I call for tellers an the
amendment. , ,
Tellers were orderedand Messrs Stevens
and Washbdrne, of Illinois, were appointed.
Mr..STEVENS. I wishsto gtjie, before the
question is.taken, that this proposition was re-
ported last year by the chairman of the Com-
mittee for the pistrict of Columbia, the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. IngeSsoll.]
..The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 56, noes 47.;
So the amendment:Va& Agreed to.
; Mr. K ASS ON: I move to strike out in lines
sevens-six, seventy-seven, and seventy-eight
the words 5' in all the sum of $35,864 67."
There seems to be a surplus of language there.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to add to the bill
the following:
For payment of 0. W. Barnes for lumber and car-
penter's work for Indian service, Joco reservation, in
the year 1861, $1,400.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must
make a point of order upon that amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. Let me make a brief
explanation. This item was included in an
appropriation made by the Senate last session,
which was stricken out in the 'House on the
ground that it ought to pertain to a deficiency
bill and not to an appropriation bill. The
Secretary says that that is the only reason why
this item Was stricken out, that the vouchers
are in the Department, that the claim is correct,
and that they only lack the money to satisfy it.
I know that this individual is an honest car-
penter who performed the work.
Mr. WASHBURNE,. of Illinois. I shall
have to insist on my point of order for the pur-
pose of doi'ng what the gentleman from Ohio has
generally heretofore aided me in, keeping pri-
vate claims out of appropriation bills.
Mr. SPALDING. I will ask the Clerk to
read a few lines from the report of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This may
be a very just claim, and if the gentleman will
bring it in as a private bill, I shall probably aid
him in passing it through the House, but I hope
that my friend from Ohio, who has been here-
tofore very strict in these matters and to whom
the country is much indebted, will not press
such a proposition as this.
Mr. SPALDING. If I move to put it in a
different shape, and increase the sum to
$40,000, then the gentleman's objection would
fall. But it was to relieve the bill from that
large appropriation that I put the amendment
in this shape. This man must either be paid
in this way, or there must be an appropriation
of $40,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order
having been raised, the Chair will ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] what law
there is which provides for this appropriation.
Mr. SPALDING. The law providing for
the Indian service.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is
certainly a private claim.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] states that the amend-
ment he has proposed is in pursuance of some
existing law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is cus-
tomary when this point is raised for the party
offering the amendment to show the law which
justifies it.
Mr. SPALDING. Th« gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] will not dispute
tha', there is law for making appropriations for
the Indian service.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. That may
be. But I dispute that there is any law upon
the statute-book for the relief of this man.
1 he CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that unless the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spai.dixg] can show some specific law
for this appropriation the amendment must
be ruled out of order.
Mr. SPALDING. I will modify my amend-
ment so that it will read "to enable the Com-
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 8.
missioner of Indian Affairs to supply thfc defi-
ciency for the payment of," &c.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That does
not change the original proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that the modification doesnot change'
the character of the amendment so as to bring
it within the rule of the House. The Chair
therefore rules the amendment but of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of State:
To supply a-deficiency ifc'tlie-appropriation for tho
contingent expenses of foreign intercourse for the
fiscal year ending Ju^e 30,18OT, $250,000. •
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike, out the
clause just read. I have heard it said that this
$200,000 was wanted to. compel Surratt to.
come homeuntil he shall be pardoned, or some
such thing as that. [Laughter.] They do not
want to send the pardon over to Europe, for
the pardon agents do not do business in foreign
countries as yet. [Renewed laughter.] I do
not know how it is, but I have heard that state-
ment made, in the way of burlesque, perhaps.
Now, I think that before we make this appro-
priation we should have some explanation of it.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to ask the
gentleman for the author of the statement to
which he has referred. The question of my
colleague [Mr. Scofield] is a very proper one,
and I have no doubt it was put in a very proper
spirit, 'as it certainly was put in very proper
language. [Laughter.] i will explain this
appropriation; and it may gratify the curiosity
of some persons to know one or two things
that (rook place in reference to it.
When this appropriation was requested by
the Secretary of State, being a larger amount
than that Department ever asked for before—
and I will say here that the committee have
always agreed that the State Department had
been managed more economically than any
other Department of the Government—I did
not feel disposed to recommend it either to the
committee or to the House without knowi%
the reason for it. Not being very well, I re-
quested the Secretary of State, he being a
young man, [laughter,] to call and explain it
to me, which he did with great courtesy. And
I may as well say to gentleman now, for they
may want to know, that we did not talk about
anything except this appropriation. [Laugh-
ter.] He convinced me not only that this sum
was wanted for useful purposes, but that it.
would finally be found to be too small.
I will mention some of the items for which
it is needed. One or two of them perhaps I
shall not mention because they better not get
into print. But I will mention enough to
satisfy the House, I think, of the propriety of
this appropriation. We have pending in va-
rious countries of Europe, mainly in England
and Prance, a very large number of suits to
recover confederate property from those who
claim to be the owners of that property in
those countries. The Government has been
obliged, of course, in every case to employ
counsel. The amount of money involved is
considerably more than twenty million dollars.
It is the opinion of the Department, an opinion
justified by the advice of eminent counsel, that,
if the claims be properly prosecuted, a very
large proportion of this amount may be re-
covered. I of course am not able to give an
opinion on the subject; but this is the opin-
ion of the Department. Now, in reference
to the employment of counsel to prosecute
these claims, we know that in England there
are three classes of lawyers, solicitors, coun-
selors, and advocates, all of whom have to
be feed to a very large amount. Besides that,
according to the practice in that country, the
attorney must be indemnified for the costs which
may accrue in case he fails in the suit. Sup-
posing our claims to this amount, $20,000,000,
to be well founded, I submit that an appropri-
ation of $250,000 is but a small amount to be ex-
pended in the recovery of so large a sum. This
is oneitem, perhaps the largest; and this money
must be furnished immediately, or the suits
must be abandoned.
I may state that in the case of Surratt,
referred to by my colleague, the expenses have
been larger, perhaps, than would be desirable.
Surratt has,been pursued for a year; he has been
followed all over the continent of Europe and in
the East, and this pursuit has involved very large
expenses. Although the amount expended in the
pursuit and arrest of Surratt is large, yet if he
shall be finally brought to justice! shall con-
sider the money well expended. Nay, we h^Ve
an ample return for all the expenditures inflie;
demonstration of the fact that no place in; the
wide world affords to so great a malefactor
refuge from the avenging hand of justice.
But, sir, besides the expense already in-.'
curred, it is necessary to have money to bring*
several witnesses here, as well as to bring h&me
the culprit. In reference to the employment
of a vessel for this purpose. I may state'orie
fact of which I was not until recently aware :
when the Department of State, having no
control over the Navy, orders a national ves-
sel upon any expedition of this kind without-
an appropriation for the purpose by Congress,
the Navy Department charges the expense to
the Department of State; and the present
Secretary of the Navy, very properly I be-!
lieve, holds the latter to a strict account, and-
requires the payment of the money as much as'
if it .were a private transaction.
In this connection, I may state that the ex-
pense of transporting the queen of the Sand-
wich Islands in a vessel of the United States
was charged in the same way to the State De-
partment by the Navy Department. Gentle-
men may think that such an expenditure was
not judicious; but perhaps if gentlemen knew
the struggle and rivalry which were going on
between England and our Government in refer-
ence to that matter they might change their
opinions.
The State Department has also been com-
pelled to bear the expense of the expedition
to Mexico. There are other items which I
might name : but I have now said more per-
haps than is necessary. I feel it due to the
administration of that Department to go as far
as may be prudent in voting the appropriations
asked for it; and however I may differ politi-
cally with the head of that Department, I can-
not allow myself to be influenced by such con-
siderations in acting upon a question of this
kind.
Mr. SCOPIELD. The explanation of my
colleague is, in general, satisfactory; but he
says that there are some " other items j" and
knowing his partiality toward the Administra-
tion and his recent intimacy with it, I do not
know but that among those "other items"
may be one to pay the expenses of " swinging
round the circle." If the gentleman will assure
us that there is nothing of that kind among the
reserved items I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I assure the gentleman that
there is nothing of that kind included in this
appropriation. There are two or three unpaid
bills of that account, [laughter,] but it is ex-
pressly understood that they shall not come
out of this appropriation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move to amend by
adding the following:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings
to pay three watchmen employed in the Smithsonian
grounds for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, the
sum of $2,475 is hereby appropriated.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
pay to the watchmen mentioned in tho fifth section
of tho act appropriating for sundry civil expensos
for the fiscal year cnding*Jnne 80,1867, the difference
between their pay as fixed prior to tho passage of
that act and the allowance made by said section,
$2,000 is hereby appropriated.
Mr. STEVENS. I will explain the reason
for offering this amendment. These employ6s
have been engaged under the authority of a
law passed at the last session; but in that act
we omitted to make any appropriation what-
ever for their payment. The Department has,
therefore, decided that these men cannot be
paid out of any fund now at its disposal.
The amendment was adopted.
