878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 17; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Creswell, Howe, Kirk-
wood, Sprasuo. and Van Winkle—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Cragin, Edmunds, Fessen-
den, Foster, Frelinghuysen, Harris, Henderson, Hen-
dricks. Lane. McDougall, Poland, Sherman, Trum-
bull. Wade, \Villey, and Williams—17.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler,
Conn ess. Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fogg, Fow-
ler, Grimes, Guthrie, Howard, Johnson, Morgan,
Morrill, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Patterson. Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Riddle, Ross, Saulsbury, Stewart, Sumner,
"Wilson, and Yates—29.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
not a quorum voting.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 30, 18G7.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
revenue-cutter service.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask leave to report from the
Committee on Commerce a bill which the chair-
man of that committee [Mr. Washburxe, of
Illinois] was to have reported had he not been
compelled to leave in consequence of sickness.
It is a short bill and one that it is very neces-
sary should be passed. I hope there will be
no objection to it.
No objection was made, and Mr Eliot ac-
cordingly reported back House bill No. 800, to
fix the compensation of the officers of the rev-
enue-cutter service, and for other purposes.
The question was upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first section
provides that from and after the 31st day of
December, 18G6, the compensation of the
officers of the revenuc-eutter service shall be
at the following rates: Duty pay—Captains,
$2,500 per annum ; first lieutenants and chief
engineers, $1,800 per annum ; second lieuten-
ants and first assistant engineers, §1,500 per
annum; third lieutenants and second assistant
engineers, $1,200 per annum. Pay on leave1
of absence or while waiting orders—Captains,
$1,800 per annum ; first lieutenants and chief
engineers, $1,500 per annum; second lieuten-
ants and first assistant engineers, $J,200 per
annum; third lieutenants and second assistant
engineers, $900 per annum.
The second section provides that from and
after the 31st day of December, 1866, each
officer of the revenue-cutter service while on
duty shall be entitled to one Navy ration per
day.
The third section provides that, to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to carry out the
provisions of this act during the last half of
the current fiscal year and during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868, the sum of $133,400
is hereby appropriated for the expenses of the
revenue-cutter service out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tout riley reservation.
On motion of Mr. ANDERSON, the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands were discharged
from the further consideration of a petition of
citizens of western Kansas in relation to the
Fort liiley reservation ; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
pot a "wat a mill indian claims.
On motion of Mr. KASSON, the Committee
on Appropriations were discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial and
papers of a delegation of Potawatamie In-
dians, asking an appropriation of $164,584 75
due them from stipulations of various treaties
made between them and the United States,
and the same was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
branch op baltimore and oiiio railroad.
On motion of Mr. KOONTZ, Senate bill
No. 507, to amend an act entitled " An act to
authorize the extension, construction, and use
by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company
of a railroad from between Knoxville and
Monocacy Junction into and within the Dis-
trict of Columbia," approved July 25, 1866,
was taken from the Speaker's table, and re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. KOONTZ. I ask that the committee
have leave to report this bill at any time.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. KOONTZ. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection; for the reason that this
is a measure of great importance, not only to
Washington city, but to the whole country.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Koostz]
that he can accomplish the object he is aiming
at by simply entering a motion to reconsider
thp rAfprpiifip
Mr. KOONTZ. Very well; I submit that
motion.
The motion to reconsider was entered upon
the Journal.
captain daniel c. trewhitt.
Mr. STOKES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for consideration at this time a joint
resolution for the relief of Captain Daniel C.
Trewhitt, of Tennessee, and late of the United
States Army. I will in a few words state the
reason for this bill. Captain Trewhitt was
placed upon the staff of one of the generals of
the Union Army; his name was submitted to
the President, who sent the nomination to the
Senate, and the Senate put upon the nomina-
tion the proper indorsement, and he was duly
commissioned. But the paymaster refused to
pay him unless- he could produce the paper
from the Senate. That he could not do, for
he had lost it, with all his other papers, at the
battle of Stone river. Now, he served faith-
fully, and I think he should be paid for his
services.
Mr. ALLISON. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stokes] that
the case to which he refers is fully covered by
a general law now upon the statute-books. I
do npt recollect the precise provisions of that
law, but I am certain it covers this case.
Mr. STOKES. Yery well; I will not press
this matter until I can examine the law to which
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] refers.
constance bateman and others.
On motion of Mr. HIGrBY, by unanimous
consent) the Committee on Appropriations were
discharged from the further consideration of
papers relating to the claim of Constance Bate-
man, Augustine De Caindry, and Julia L.
Wamaling, and the same were referred to the
Committee of Claims.
eights of naturalized citizens.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a resolution, and I may state that 1
propose to have referred to the Committee o%
Foreign Affairs certain memorials on the same
subject. The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of an
assertion by Congress of the principle that naturali-
zation by the United States of a native-born subject
of any other State exempts such naturalized citizen
from the performance of military service under any
foreign Government so long as he doe« not volun-
tarily renounce the rights of a citizen of the United
States.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
flora meigs.
Mr. HUMPHREY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Flora Meigs ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
common schools in the district.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to establish a system of common
schools for the District of Columbia; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the select committee on the subject, and ordered
to be printed.
proceedings in federal courts.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by -unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to conform the rules,
practice, and pleading in the courts of the
United States to the laws of the respective
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
practice in supreme court.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask that the bill which
I introduced some time ago in reference to the
practice of the Supreme Court may be ordered
to be printed.
There being no objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
civil service.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order the consideration of bill of the
Hou'se No. 889, to regulate the civil service
of the United States and promote the efficiency
thereof; on which Mr. Hale was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HALE. To accommodate gentlemen
who are interested in the business of the morn-
ing hour I move that the further consideration
of this bill be postponed till after the morning
hour.
The motion was agreed to.
inspection of indian affairs.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order during the morning hour the bill
(S. No. 204) entitled 4<An act to provide for an
annual inspection of Indian affairs, and for other
purposes," on which Mr. WiNDOMwas entitled
to the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Windom] to permit me now-
to offer the substitute of which I gave notice
yesterday.
Mr. WINDOM. I have no objection to
allowing the substitute to be voted on.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the bill
by striking out all after tbe enacting clause
and inserting the following :
That from and after the 1st day of July, 1807, the
Secretary of War shall exercisc thesupervisory and
appellate powers, and possess the jurisdiction now
exercised and possessed by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior in relation to all the acts of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and shall sign all requisitions for
the advance orpaymcntof money out of the Treasury
on estimates or accounts, subject to the same adjust-
ment or control now exercised on similar estimates
or accounts by the Auditors and Comptrollers of the
Treasury, or either of them.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of War shall be authorised, whenever in his
opinion it shall promote the economy and efficiency
of the Indian service, to establish convenientdepart-
ments and districts for the proper administration
of the duties now imposed bylaw on the superintend-
ents of Indian affairs and upon agents and sub-
agents, and to substitute for such superintendents
and agents officers of the Army of the United States,
who shall be designated for that purpose, and who
shall then become charged with all the duties now
imposed by law upon the superintendents and agents
thus superseded, and without additional compensa-
tion therefor. The Secretary of War shall also detail
an officer not below tho rank of brigadier general to
fill tho office and discharge the duties of Commissioner
of Indian Affairs. Officers of the Army designated
to perform the duties of commissioner, superintend-
ent, agent, or sub-agent shall not be required to
give the bonds now required of civil appointees, but
shall be responsible for any neglect or maladminis-
tration according to the Rules and Articles of War.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all contracts
for transportation connected with the Indian service
shall hereafter be made in the same manner and at
the same time provided for transportation for the use
of the Army.
Sec. 4. And be it further enactcd. Thatthe Secretary
of War shall bo authorized to withhold all special
licenses from traders, and. under ieguiations to be by
him prescribed, to provide tho times and places at
which all tradeis complying therewith may present
themselves for bargain, barter, and exchange with
the several Indian tribes, according to tho laws of tho
United States regulatir.-g the same.
