11%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
December IB,
Mr, STEVENS moved that the eommittee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cui,-
LOM reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly House bill No. 876,
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the. appropriations for the service of
the Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1867,. and for other purposes, and had
directed, him to report the same back to the
House with'sundry amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I want to say
one word in reference to the amendment of the
committee striking out the following: "
For a deficiency for work done, or being done by
the corporation of "Washington city, in front of and
across Govern men t property, under act of May 5,1864,
as per estimate of city surveyor in letter to the mayor
of said city, accompanying estimate of Commissioner
of Public Buildings, 5170,587.
I know it is out of order to speak of what oc-
curred in eommittee, but gentlemen acknowl-
edged in going through the tellers they did not
understand what they were voting on, and they
would vote on the strongest .side. I want to
say that this expenditure was authorized by the
act of 1864; that a part of the money has al-
ready been expended, and the other part is in
the process of expenditure. I hope the appro-
priation will be passed and the debt paid off.
Last year it was reported from the Committee
for the District of Columbia. Unless some
gentleman wishes to make some remarks, I
shall call for the,previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNK, of Illinois. ' I confess
the explanation of my friend from Pennsyl-
vania is not satisfactory to me, for the reason
I want to know something more about this mat-
ter than we have. Are we to pass an appro-
priation of $170,000 with no report of a com-
mittee, no explanation of the law, no facts
upon which we can base an opinion as to
whether the work has been properly done ?
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will allow'
me, I will call his attention to the estimates,
pages 3 and 4.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of^Illinois. This state-
ment here does not satisfy me at all. It is a
statement made by the surveyor of Washing-
ton city, a man %vliom I do not know. He ad-
dresses a communication to the mayor of the
city of Washington ; this, of itself, shows the
loose way in which we are legislating, in which
we are voting away the money of the people.
The first- item is for constructing sewers in
front of Government reservations on Pennsyl-
vania avenue, between Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth streets west, and also between Twen-
tieth and Twenty-First streets west, $5,000.
Well, sir, what is the evidence the amount
has been paid, or at what rate or to whom it
has been paid?
Another item is, "for constructing sewer in
Seventeenth street west, between Pennsylva-
nia avenue and the canal, in front of Govern-
ment reservation, $14,688."
It does not state when it was done. I will
read the first part of the communication:
Surveyor's Office. City Hall,
Washington, D. C., October 18,1866.
Sir: I herewith furnish a statement of the char-
acter and cost of the work done and now being done
by the corporation "in front and across Government
property, for which appropriations ought, to beinade,
under section three, approved May 5,1864.
I wish the House to notice the language of
this communication by an unauthorized officer,
a man who has nothing to do with the Govern-
ment, a simple surveyor of the city of Wash-
ington, " for work done and now being done."
Tt is not a liquidated matter as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania seems to suppose. They
come here and ask us to pay them not only
for what has been done but for what they
may do hereafter. Here are other items :
For constructing sewer on fourth street west, from
Indiana avouuo to (1 street north, in front of Ju-
dioiacy square,
For constructing sewor in II .street north, between
Vermont and Connecticut avenues, in front of La
Fayette square, $3,000.
For constructing sewer in I street north, between
thirteenth and fourteenth streets west, in front of
Franklin square, $2,000.
For constructing sewer in New York avenue, be-
tween Tenth and Twelfth streets west, in front of
Government reservations, $2,400.
Then we have, for laying flag footways and
paving gutters on the north and south sides of
Pennsylvania avenue, from First street east to
Eleventh street east, the enormous sum of
$56,000. To whom .has that money gone, or
to whom is it to go?
Mr. DELANO. Let me call the gentleman's
attention to what I understand to be the law
regulating this matter. By the act of May 5,
1864,1 believe there is provision made sub-
stantially in this form: that the Government
shall pay such proportion of this expense as
the Government's property compares with the
other property of the city; and in order to know
whether the sum charged to the Government is
correct or not there should be an examination
into the relative value of the Government prop-
erty and other property benefited by these im-
provements. I do not discover there has been
any such comparison, and it may be that the
Government has been left to pay the entire
amount.
Mr. WASHBUBNB, of Illinois. I think
the view the gentleman takes is correct. The
surveyor seems to charge the whole amount
to the Government. I submit, then, whether
we are willing to vote the appropriation. I
for one am not.
Mr. GARFIELD. Have we Government
property enough between the streets mentioned
to authorize this appropriation to be made?
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. I do not
know anything about it.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to inquire' of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania if he has ever
heard of such an officer in this city as the city
treasurer or the city auditor. I have been here
a number of years and have legislated in com-
pany with the gentleman considerably upon
matters pertaining to the city, and I for one
have never heard of such an officer as city
treasurer or auditor, nor-have I ever seen any
reports in the newspapers coming from such
an officer, nor do 1 know—perhaps it is my
fault—anything about the administration of the
finances of this city, what becomes of the funds,
and who is responsible for them. I have heard
that this whole matter of the control of the
funds is in the hands of the mayor, and that it
is sometime paid out upon his order simply,
precisely as an individual pays out his own
money. I will not vouch for the truth of this,
but I did not know but the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had heard of such officers and
could tell us what particular functions they dis-
charge. Inasmuch as we are responsible for
so much of the legislation in relation to the
city of Washington, I thought it proper in con-
nection with this large appropriation to make
this inquiry.
Mr. STEVENS rose.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to say one word
with the permission of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. The committee felt themselves
bound by the acts of Congress on this subject.
This claim on the part of the City of Washing-
ton has been accruing for a series of years. I
recollect distinctly that last year we rejected a
portion of this very claim, but by doing so we
only put off the evil day. The amoupt has
been accumulating upon our hands, and just
so long as this law is continued in existence
which requires Congress to appropriate money
to the extent of one half of those improvements
opposite public squares and other property
belonging to the Government we shall be
obliged to pay it. Now, my opinion as one
member of the committee is that we had better
pay off the debt as it now exists, and repeal
all the laws on the subject.
Mr. DAWES. Had we not better repeal
the laws before we pay the debt?
Mr. SPALDING. I am as reluctant to pay
these claims as any member of this House, but
I do not see any way of escape. If we post-
pone it we will only put an additional burden
upon the next Congress.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have here the act
under which this appropriation is made. It
is the act of May 5, 1864, the third section of
which is as follows:
And he it further enacted. That in all cases in which
the streets, avenues, or alleys of the said city pas*
through or by any of the property of the United States,
the Commissioner of Public Buildings shall pay ia-
the duly authorized officer of the corporation t he just
proportion of the expense incurred in improving
such avenue, street, or a.lley which the said property
bears to the whole cost thereof, to be ascertained in
the same manner as the sum apportioned ijmong
individual proprietors of the property improved
thereby.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersqll] who is
to determine upon the propriety of the im-
provements; upon the amount of expense, and
when contracts are fulfilled. Let us have a
little light on the internal affairs of this city if
we are to appropriate such enormous sums for
its improvement. Let us stop and ascertain
where the money goes and through what chan-
nel. Let us know who is responsible. I for
one will not be backward while f occupy a seat-
here in liberal appropriations for the District
of Columbia, butl think it is high time we have
some responsibility in the disbursement. It
may bS that that responsibility exists, but it is
quite important for the character of the admin-
istration of affairs in this city that it be made
manifest that it does exist, for according to my
information there is no responsibility in any-
body ; one man holds the money, makes con-
tracts, pays whom he pleases, dccides himself
whether it is fair, audits his own account,
squares it, strikes a balance, and when he is
out of money calls for more. It is not proper
for us to. make these large appropriations in
this manner for the District of Columbia if such
a state of things exists. It does not result in
any improvement. It is a sure way not to have
an improvement, and a quite sure way to deplete
the Treasury. The moral effect upon the Dis-
trict is bad, and I suggest to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ixgeusoll,] who is responsible
for the morals of the District of Columbia that
it is high time for him to look into the matter.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SLOAN. The gentleman states that a
portion of the claim for which this appropria-
tion is asked has been accruing for a number
of years past. He made no statement, so far
as I heard, as to the time when the work was
done.
Now, according to my recollection, there
was during the last session of Congress a claim
presented in behalf of the city of Washington,
which was referred to the Committee of Claims,
asking an appropriation of about fifty thousand
dollars to pay for work which had been done
by the city duriug the last twenty years. A
report favorable to that claim was made by
that committee, or authorized to be made;
whether it became a law or not, I am unable
to say. I had supposed that when we paid
that $50,000 for work done during the last
twenty years, it would settle the account
between the Government and the city for that
old work. But I understand now that this
claim comes again before Congress for back
work that has bt-en done perhaps twenty years
ago. I cordially concur in the suggestion which
has been made that it would be well, if it were
possible, for the Government to get a final
settlement of these claims, yet I doubt that we
shall bo able to do it, and that if this appropria-
tion is made and made in the form of paying
for work under the law of 1861, in such form
as to carry the impression to every member that
the work has been performed since 1864, wo
shall still have, session after session, large
claims presented by this city for work done no
one kuo'.vs when, no one knows by whom or
how performed.
1 believe that the true course to be adopted
is that no further claims of this nature shall be
paid until some investigation has been made
and a report has been submitted by some au-
