1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87&
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all laws* and
parts of laws inconsistent with tho provisions of this
act are hereby repealed.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, regarding
this as the most important bill with reference
to our Indian affairs that has been introduced
since I have been in Congress, and as better
calculated to remedy existing evils than any
other, I desire to state very briefly what it is
and how it comes before the House.
In 1865 a commission was appointed for the
purpose of making an investigation into our
Indian affairs. That commission traveled over
a large part of the Indian country and gathered
a vast amount of information in reference to
this subject. They heard the complaints of
Indian chiefs and of all others who were ag-
grieved in any way in Indian matters. They
investigated numerous charges of fraud, and
sought as the result of their labors to devise
some way of preventing a recurrence of the
evils complained of. In order to do this the
committee have reported the bill now before
the House. Its purpose is to provide boards
of inspection of high character, who shall visit
the Indian tribes once every year for the pur-
pose of correcting any evils which may exist
among them.
1 have yielded the floor to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sciiexcic] to submit an amendment
to the bill, not because I favor the amendment,
but because I desire the gentleman may have
an opportunity fairly to test the question before
the House, lie endeavors by this amendment
to place the management of Indian affairs under
the entire control of the War Department, and
insists if it shall be adopted there will be no
necessity for the bill under consideration.
This bill, which I had the honor to introduce
from the Committee on Indian Affairs yester-
terdny, received the unanimous sanction of the
joint select committee to which I referred a
moment, since. I believe it had also the unan-
imous recommendation of the Committee on
Indian Affairs in the Senate, and that it passed
the Senate by a large majority. The Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs in this House have
given it a thorough examination and are almost
unanimously in favor of its passage. So it has
received the sanction of one select"committee,
the sanction of the committee in the Senate,
and the sanction of a very largo majority of
the Indian Committee in the House.
Mr. Speaker, as I said a moment ago, the
purpose is to provide five boards of inspection,
who shall be clothed with the power to super-
vise and inspect, the entire Indian system. They
are to be appointed in such way as the com-
mittee deem will most surely secure the selec-
tion of the best men that can be found. The
difficulty with our Indian system now is not
perhaps so much in the system itself as in the
fact that the best men are not always selected
to execute it. Agents are sent a thousand miles
into the interior among the Rocky mountains
and the vast plains of the West. They feel
they are beyond the reach of civilization almost;
that nobody will bo sent to investigate their
conduct, and in too many instances I am aware
they unlawfully make money out of their posi-
tion. The object of this bill is to send a com-
mission clothed with full power to investigate
their transactions and to suspend or remove
them from office if necessary. It is a com-
mission to be composed of the best men that
can be found, and who shall have full authority
to examine their books and everything apper-
taining to their official conduct.
This commission is to be appointed in the
following manner: one commissioner selected
at large from the mass of the people by the
President of the United States; another from
such persons as may be recommended by sev-
eral religious denominations of the country at
their annual conferences. The third is to be
detailed from the Army. It will scarcely be
doubted by the gentleman from Ohio, who
wishes to place the whole bureau under the
War Department, that the Secretary of War
will appoint an honest and competent man.
Then we will have a guarantee that at least one
member of the board will be a gentleman of
high character.
Can it be believed, Mr. Speaker, that the
religious denominations of the country at their
annual conferences will select any other than
the best men for this duty?
A Member. Which church is to make the
selection?
Air. WINDOM. My friend asks me which
church is to make the selection. Under this
bill all the churches which hold annual con-
ferences or conventions are to make their rec-
ommendation, and the President is to make his
selection from such persons as may be thus
recommended. There are to be five appointed
each year.
A Member. By this President?
Mr. WINDOM. I suppose if the bill passes
now they will be appointed by tins President.
But it cannot be that men of the high character
of those who compose these annual conferences
and conventions will recommend any other
than pure, straightforward, high-minded men
for this position ; so that we may be sure of
securing on each one of these boards at least
two men who will be above suspicion, above
indulging in any of the frauds now charged
against the Indian system. As to the honesty
of the other member of the board, who may
be a politician, the House can judge as well as
myself.
Mr. COOK. I would like to ask if any pro-
vision has been made for those religious socie-
ties that have no general annual meeting.
Mr. WINDOM. There is no such provision.
Mr. COOK. Some of the largest religions
denominations in the United States I believe
have no general convention of any sort-j-for
instance the Baptists and Congregationalists.
Mr. WINDOM. I am not aware that any
provision is made in the bill to meet that case.
1 will yield to the gentleman to offer an amend-
ment for that purpose.
The special committee of investigation to
whom I have referred have submitted a re-
port upon this bill. As it is very brief and
states succinctly the grounds upon which this
bill is based. I desire to have a portion of it
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The purpose of the hill is to provide boards of
high character, and to organize them ill such a man-
ner and to clothe them with such powers as to super-
vise and inspect the whole administration of Indian
alfairsin its threefold character—civil, military, and
educational.
To the position of chicf of this board there should
be appointed an assistant, commissioner, with a sal-
ary sufficient to command the services of a man of
character and great ability, whoso.whole time is to
be devoted to this important work.
One of the board is to he an officer of the regular
Army, to be assigned by the Secretary ot War; tit is
believed that lie would bo an ofltoer ol high standing
in the Array;) and the third is to be selected irorn
among tho.se persons who ntay be named by tho^great
religious conventions or bodies ot the United Slates.
It is impossible to believe that those Kreat bodies
could name any other than a man ot hi^h character
and great ability. Such a boaid not organized upon
political grounds at all, and possessing, as they wul,
the important powers conferred in the third section
of this bill, will, in the judgment of the committee, do
more to secure the faithtul administration of Indian
affairs than any other measure which has been sug-
gested.
The assistant commissioner will report to the Sec-
retary of the Interior; tiie officer of the Army to the
Secretary of War; and the third will repoi t, not only
to the Government, but to that religious body which
may have recommended his appointment. Ihusthe
treatment of the Indians by the civil authorities, by
the military authorities, and by their teachers and
missionaries will be subject to constant inspection
and supervision.
Itis urged that the expenses of these boards will
be considerable: but in comparison with the greater
economy and efficiency their supervision would se-
cure that expense will bo comparatively trifling.
Such boards charged with the duty, among other
things, to preserve amity, will doubtless sometimes
savetheGovernmcntiiom unnecessary and expensive
Indian wais. .
As an instance bearing upon this point, when to at
portion ol the committee who were charged with the
duty of inquiring into the condition of Indian
affairs in Kansas, New Mexico', and Colorado, ar-
rived at Fort Xjarned, they found that the oiucer
there in command had just issued an order to his
troops to cro^-5 the Arkansas, gomcr south into an
Indian teiritory where not a singlewhitc man lived,
to make war upon the Camanches, a most poweriul
tiibe, which roams over all that region ftonit no Ar-
kansas to Mexico. Your committee lelt tnat  uon an
expedition would of necessity bring on a long war
with that tribe; that it was wholly unnecessary, and
they took the responsibility of advising General Mo-
Cook. a member of the staff of General Pope, who
accompanied them, to countermand that order until
he could communicate with General Pone at St.
Louis. The order was countermanded t the troops
then in motion were recalled, and thus by the mero
preseneo and advice of the committoo a war was
avoided with tho Camanches, which, had it one©
begun, would not havo been prosecuted to asuccessful
termination without an expenditure of 820,000,000.
Your committee took the testimony, among others,
oi Colonel Ford, then in command at Fort Lamed,
upon this subject. He says, speaking of the Caman-
ches: "From the best information 1 can get, there
are about seven thousand warriors well mounted,
Romo on fleet Texan horses. On horseback they aro
tho finest skirmishers I ever saw. IIow large a force,
mounted and infantry, would be required to deiend
tho SantaT6 road and wage a successful war against
tho Indians south of the Arkansas? It would require
at least ten thousand men; four thousand constantly
in the iield, well mounted; the lmo of defense to
extend from Fort Lyon to Fort Riley, and south
about throe hundred miles. All supplies would have
to come fiom the States. Contract price for corn
delivered at this point was $5 26 per bushel." With
corn at this enormous prioc, and hay and wood and
all supplies in proportion, the expense of such ail
Indian war is beyond belief. By many it was esti-
mated that such a war would have required at least
ten thousand men, and a war of two or three years
duration, to make it successful, with an expenditure
of more than thirty million dollars.
It is believed that such boards of inspection, thus
organized and composed of the men who should be
appointed to nil them, would save tho country from
many useless wars with tho Indians, and secure in all
branches of the Indian service greater efficiency and
fidelity. If such boai ds should cost the Government
$150,000 annually, and should avert but one Indian
war in ten years, still, upon tho score of economy
alone, the Government would be repaid live hundred
per cent.
Mr. WINDOM. Ilaving shown how these
boards arc to bo organized, I desire to call
attention fur a single moment to what their
duties are, and to ask the candid consideration
of this House as to whether, if such duties are
faithfully performed, it will not correct the
evils of the system?
Under the third scction they are required to
visit all of these tribes once every year; to
examine into their condition ; to hear the com-
plaints of every one who may be in any way
injured or aggrieved by our agents and officers;
to examine the books of accounts, tho maimer
of doing business of the superintendents and
agents in their respective districts. They are
not to go among thein as mere inspectors to
report to somebody else, but they are to be
clothed with authority when they find any one
cheating or swindling to at once suspend or
remove him from his office, and they are to
ascertain this by the examination of witnesses
to whom they are authorized to adraiuister
oaths.
Now, sir, 1 believe that when these gentle-
men, who aro a thousand miles from your
capital among the savages on the plains, and
who now feel that they are never to be super-
vised by anybody, remember that a commis-
sion such as this, clothed with powers such as
these, composed of men selected as these will
be, is to visit them once every year and inspect
all their transactions, they will be very careiul
to give no cause of complaint.
But how does the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] propose to prevent this difficulty?
by simply turning over the Indians to the \\ ar
Department. A man may be dishonest now
who is an Indian agent; but if, under the sys-
tem of the gentleman from Ohio, you put
shoulder-straps upon his shoulders, with stars
or eagles, or even a couple of bars, he becomes
entirely honest, and will not steal from an
Indian. ...
Now, we have had some experience in the
last four years. I have as much faith as the
gentleman in those who are engaged in the
military service; but I have no faith that to put
stars and bars on men's shoulders will make
them more honest than they are now. But
even if the gentleman's system should prevail,
and Congress should propose to turn over this
management of the Indians to the War Depart-
ment, we shall have the same necessity for the
bill that we have to-day.
1 want to call the attention of the House to
this point: whether the agents to whom the
1! interests of these Indians are committed shall
