ne
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December 18,
Republic ; that hi&denunciations of the legisla-
tive branch - of the Government, in which he
charges them with revolutionary designs, with
^jviB^to prevent the reunion of the States, with
.' ' hanging upon the verge of the Government;"
and with being a " tyrannical, domineering, and
unconstitutional Congress,we not-approved;
his reorganizing the rebellion into pre-
tended-State governments in the disloyal States,
sjrid' insisting that they are legal State organiza-
tions. and entitled/to representation in Con-
gress, withbut affording any security or pro-
tection to, "^te.'lqyal men in those States, and
in defiance 'and contempt, of the law-making
power of' the Government and the representa-
tives off he'people; that his indiscriminate par-
don-: of rebels, his failure to bring any of them
to pttftisliment for the most infamous of crimes,
his "sustaining the miirder of Onion men in
New Orleans, and his failure to give any pro-
tection to the loyal whites and the freedmen of
the South who are shot down in the streets
and murdered in their beds at night for the sole
offense of faithfulness to the Government of
their fathers, his refusal to bring any of those
murderers to punishment for their crimes;
that his relieving, rebel property from the
confiscation that the law imposes ; diverting
the public money to create illegal State organ-
izations and to pay officers ot'Ms own crea-
tion -in/violation of law; that his attempt by
the use of "the vast patronage confided to him
for a .wise purpose to sap the independence of
Congress, and, failing in that, to corrupt and
debauch the people, the sources of power, by
removing from office men, whether they had
borne arms in the defense of the country and
had come back scarred and maimed from the
grandest battle-fields in history or not, who
sustained the integrity and independence of
Congress, and substituting in their place the
creatures of his will, some of whom were men
whose hands were stained with the blood of
heroes' shed in the nation's behalf; and his
manifest contempt, in his appointments to of-
fices, of the "advice and consent of the Sen-
ate" of the United States; that his opposition
to the just and wise constitutional amendments
proposedby Congress for adoption by the States,
and thereby encouraging a spirit in the South
against a speedy restoration to peace and pro-
longing the time of adjustment and pacification;
in short, that nearly his whole conduct, official
and unofficial, from his. 4th of March presenta-
tion to his gyrations "round the circle,""have
received from the people to whom he so con-'
fidently appealed the strongest condemnation,
the most withering rebuke.
And those mercenary men who, without prin-
ciple and devoid of honor, for the sake of plun-
der followed the standard Of their apostate
chief into the camp of the traitors; they are
admonished by the result that the contempt
arid scorn of all honest men will be their por-
tion as long as they shall live! Have these
worthies sensibility enough left to appreciate
the " situation," or is the result as to them like
" casting pearls before swine?"
But, Mr. Chairman, the admonition does not
stop here ; it comes with tremendous force to
the Congress of the United States. You have
done well, say the people, but you have not
done enough. Eight monthsyou stood on guard
to keep traitors from the high places of power ;
you proposed needed changes in the Constitu-
tion, passed the "Freedmen's Bureau" and
''civil rights bills," and recognized the loyal
people of the State of Tennessee as entitled to
representation in Congress—all that was well,
but we retire you to do more. And, Mr. Chair-
man, I believe that this grand and sublime man-
ifestation of the popular will has a far deeper
significance. While it approves of what has been
done, it decides that the work is still incom-
plete ; it indicates that at last, after passing
through centuries of contest and blood, com-
bating with thrones and' despots, with false
systems^ political and religious; with, persecu-
tion,. ignorance, and superstition, the great
princij3e should at last 1?e asserted on this
consent and-ingrafted upon our regenerated
nationality, that all men, native-born o  nat-
uralized in this country, shall be equal before
the law, equal at the ballot-box, equal before
man as they are before God.
Who that has watched the terrible ordeal
through which we have passed can have failed
to discover the superintending protection of.
Heaven all through, the darkness and gloom
until our salvation was complete, can. now
doubt that in this crowning victory at the bal-
lot-box the "voice of the people is the voice
of God?"
Sir, the responsibility of rebuilding the shat-
tered column of the national edifice rests itpon
Congreas. All hope of favorable cooperation
from the President must be abandoned. To
Congress the four million loyal people of the
South are looking for protection. . Away in
their southern homes, or in the mountains and
cayet to whieh they have fled for safety, or
languishing in dungeons, or suffering in exile,
they are offering up their daily prayers to God.
in our behalf and stretching forth their hands
to us for help. The loyal millions who have
just spoken at th,e polls; the silent throng of
cripples and mourners that sadden the land;
the sacred dead that fell in the struggle; the
sacrifices ofhlood and treasure the country has
made; the holy cause of liberty.and free gov-
ernment itself, all appeal to us to come up to
the high demands of the hour, to do our whole
duty, do it promptly, and do it well.
What is that duty? One, sir, that has been
too long neglected. I was one of those who
believed last session that Congress should then
have gone to the root of the matter and reor-
ganize from the foundation. I was in favor, as
some honorable gentlemen here well know, of
providing by law of Congress for the reorgani-
zation of the State governments in all the States
that have been in rebellion, except the State of
Tennessee, and that in that reorganization all
loyal men, irrespective of color, should take
part. I still believe that we should have done
so; but more timid counsels prevailed. Gen-
tlemen feared that the people were not ready
for this, that they had not reached the high
stand-point necessary to approve such a eourse.
I hope these gentlemen have learned that the
people are ahead of them, that they are radi-
cal, that they comprehend the whole question;
and, sir, they will insist upon their represent-
atives doing everything that the nation needs.
The most radical men of this Congress are
returned by the largest majorities, while all of
those in the originally free States, and most
of those from the slave, who followed the
pernicious example of the President and left
the Union party are rejected by the people.
Then away with your timid conservatism;
away with that quality that would compromise
the right, that would barter away equality, jus-
tice, and plighted faith for expediency, trade,
and the good-will of traitors. I am sick of
your expediency men and measures; the times
demand radical men and measures. Radical-
ism crowded the Mayflower landed on Ply"
mouth rock, dotted settlements along the Atlan"
tic coast, declared "not oue cent for tribute,
but millions for defense," threw the tea into
Boston harbor, made the immortal Declaration,
achieved our independence, redeemed this great
land from the wilderness, builtthe school-house
and the chur.ch, covered the land with cities and
towns, and the ocean with ships, stretched the
electric cord through the great waters so that
continent talked with continent under the sea,
sent two million men to the front, crushed
out the rebellion, kept traitors out of Congress,
repudiated Andrew Johnson, the rebels, and
copperheads by more than half a million
majority, and now it proposes to reap all the
fruits of the great victories of the sword and
the ballot-box by reconstructing the Republic
upon a sound and just basis so that it will stand
forever.
We must befearless as well as just; we must
punish traitors and stand by our friends'' though
the heavens fall." We have a fearful responsi-
bility to meet; we have not discharged our
duty to the ten unreconstructed States. The
collapse of the rebellion left those States with-
out civil government and without a "repub-
lican form of government." In such an emer-
gency it devolved, upon Congress to "guart
anty'' to them a '' republican form of govern-
ment." This could not be done by proclamation
of the Executive or by military orders, butonly
by law, by solemn acts of legislation of the law-
making power of the United States ; for it is
the highest act of legislation to guaranty and
provide civil governmentfor a State.
When the lathers of the Republic founded
this unequaled system of government; when in
the great councils that they held to frame a
Constitution that, in the language of its
preamble, "should establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common
defense, promote the general welfare, and
secure the blessings of liberty to themselves
and posterity;" when, they were gathering
from all ages, all political systems, and all
history the materials with which to construct
the new edifice that was to be consecrated to
those high and noble ends, they with prophetic
vision dimly foresaw that the time might come
in the nation'slife when, through the machinery
of State governments, sections, or interests in
conflict, real or imaginary, with the policy of
the General Government, might seek by revo-
lution to sever the connection of that State
or section with the Union, and that in the revo-
lution thus inaugurated all law, all author-
ity, all government, executive, legislative, and
judicial, might be overthrown so that the State
and people affected thereby would be prac-
tically without a republican form of govern-
ment, and then, with the great wisdom that
distinguished all their deliberations, they pro-
vided for that coutingency and vested the
power of reorganizing those States in the
national Congress ; and while the exercise of
this power is new, the power itself is as old as
the Constitution. To what else could this
constitutional provision refer; the admission of
new States and the care of the Territories and
other property of the United States are provided
for in other sections. It could not relate to any-
thing but the reconstruction of old States that
had wandered away from their allegiance and
the people of which desired to return to that
allegiance.
Again, the great Charter provided for the
security to life, liberty, and protection to the
rights of property. These are the great ends
of the Government they were founding; for
these the Revolution was fought, independence
achieved, and the Constitution established.
And if these rights God given and thus guar-
antied were denied the people and legislation
were needed in the premises, where did the
Constitution vest the power thus to legislate ?
In the very first section of the first article of
the Constitution it is provided that—
" All legislative power herein granted shall be vested
in a Congress of the United States, which shall con-
sist of a Senate and House of Representatives."
And again, in the last subdivision of section
eight of the same article, it is provided that
Congress shall—
"Make all laws which shall he necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers and all other powers vested by this Consti-
tution in the Government of tho United States or in
any Department or officer thereof."
It is submitted, Mr. Chairman, that such
legislation can be had by Congress as may be
necessary to secure those great ends. Am I
told that this is a new construction? If new,
then I say that it is time that the Constitution
was construed in the interests of liberty and
011 the side of justice. Slavery, thank God,
is abolished. The heresy of "State rights"
went down with the monstrous System that
gave it birth. This all-controlling influence of
human bondage, oppression, and guilt that
stalked into legislative halls, made Presidents,
made Cabinet ministers, shaped the policy of
this country, stood behind power, overshad-
owed Courts, and put constructions upon the
Constitution consistent with its own interest
and to perpetuate its own power, no longer
