1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155?
amendment in the House, as it stands upon the
record, is from men of extreme opinions from
each other; and therefore I can see no reason
for sending this to a committee of conference.
We know very well that it is impossible to
reconcile the opinions of these hostile oppo-
nents of the measure without surrendering the
principle upon which our amended bill is based.
The bill itself in the shape in which the Sen-
ate passed it is founded upon the declaration
contained in the first two lines of the preamble,
that there are no legal State governments in
the southern States ; that all the governments ]
that have been founded by executive authority
alone are illegal and void, and can operate
only in the nature of municipal or local law for
the protection of life and liberty, but they are
not legal State governments. We know that
that foundation of the bill will be opposed by a
political party in the House of Representatives.
It is not necessary for us to look to the record
to know that. They insist upon it that these
States are legal States, entitled to Senators and
Representatives now. We therefore cannot
expect by any modification of this bill to reach
the class of members that I speak of.
On the other hand, another class of members,
no doubt perfectly sincere and honest in their
convictions, are' of the opinion that we ought
not to hold out terms like these to the South,
or to the southern States, or to the rebel States;
and I do not know any modification, short of
absolutely destroying the principle of the bill,
that will suit this class of opinion.
Therefore I do not think it is Worth while
to transfer to three members of the Senate the
discussion and deliberation of so grave and
momentous a question as this. I do not believe
that any bill more important could be presented
to our consideration. The whole matter is
now within our power. If a majority of the
Senate is willing to modify the amendment, it
is now open for amendment. The whole sub-
ject is now before us. To send this bill to a !
committee of conference might compel us, after
the gravest deliberation, to yield to a very
small fragment, representing an opinion that
is not concurred in by the great body of the
Senate.
I prefer, and it is respectful and parliament-
ary, to say to the House that the Senate still
further insists on its amendment, to send it
back and allow the House again to take a vote
upon it. If then they still stand by their opin-
ion, it will be perfectly competent tot either
House, at any time before the vote to adhere
is taken, to call for a committee of conference.
It is manifest that the session is now So far
advanced that this bill is within the power of-1
the Executive; that unless approved by him it
cannot become a law, because no proceedings
taken by us can probably so advance the bill
that it may not be easily defeated by the power
of the Executive, if he does not approve it.
Therefore my own opinion is that it is better
for the Senate to stand by its deliberate con-
viction, at least until the House may have an
opportunity to reconsider their single vote
upon the bill. I shall therefore vote against
this motion and for a motion to insist.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Reference has been
made by several Senators to the possible fail-
ure to pass this bill so that it may become a
law. I suppose the Senator from Massachu-
setts and the Senator from Kansas refer to the
possibility that the President should refuse his
approval of the bill and also decline to send it
to Congress with his objections. Now, I wish
to say to those Senators and to the Senate for
myself that I desire no such action on the part
of the Executive. If this bill or any other
bill of such grave importance should pas$ Con-
gress in time to allow the President an exami-
nation of it, and in time to allow him to prepare
his objections to it, if he object to it, I should
regret very much if he were not to send it back
to Congress. I think we have no reason to
expect that the President will decline to act if
Congress allows him time to do so. I have no
information upon the subject whatever. I ex-
press my own desire on the subject, and so far aB
I have conferred with Senators ofi this side of
the Chamber I believe I express their wish on
the subject. If Congress is in the right in this
policy I desire the question to go to the coun-
try ; let it be fairly and squarely met.
I shall not vote for the committee of confer-
ence. I agree with the opinion expressed by
the Senator from California on that subject.
A committee of conference is now simply for
the Senate to abandon its ground, to allow the
House to have its way upon this question. The
debates in the House, together with the names
of the committee sent to us, justify me in saying
this.
Mr. POMEROY. In reply to the Senator
from Indiana, I will say that in the remarks I
made I did not have reference entirely to the
action of the Executive. I remembered very
distinctly the action of the opposition to this
bill in the Senate, and knowing that the report
of a committee of conference, although not
open to amendment was open to discussion,
I was satisfied that the time consumed in the
discussion of that report, together with the
opposition that might be made by the Execu-
tive, would certainly defeat any bill, if it was
desired by either the party opposed to this
measure or the Executive to defeat it.
In regard to the responsibility that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts referred to, that we
were taking a most fearful responsibility in
voting against this committee of conference, I
have this to say: that responsibility is shared
at least by not simply the House of Repre-
sentatives, but it is shared especially by those
who have voted consistently against the measure
that the Senate sent to the House, and I for
my part am not able to.fasten any responsi-
bility upon any one vote or any one measure
or class of individuals in the Senate or in the
House. If there was a probability of enacting
this into a law, either with or without the
approval of the Executive, I would vote for
the committee of conference and take the risks ;
bnt I do not believe it is possible even with a
report of a committee of conference that suited
us; and that not being possible to my mind, I
do not choose to take the risks. I know of no
way that it can be made a law in any form in
which it would suit me at this session, and I do
not choose to abandon the position that we
have taken, and take all the risks of a defeat
besides abandonment.
Mr. LANE. I shall vote at present against
ordering a committee of conference, believing
that such action would simply be idle and
result in nothing. The history of this bill is,
that after a very long debate in the House, and
a very able debate, they refused to adopt the
principle of what is called in the House the
Blaine amendment and in the Senate the Sher-
man amendment. When the bill came to the
Senate we adopted that amendment by a vote
of 29 to 10. Every single Republican mem-
ber in the Senate voted for it. There was no
diversity of opinion on the subject.
Now, the question here is not one of mere
expediency or compromise. It is a radical,
elementary principle, which I cannot abandon
under the report of this proposed committee
of conference. The House proposed a military
bill, pure and simple, for the government of
the southern States. That is doubtless right
as a temporary measure to afford protection
to loyal people there, black and white; but I
am not willing to force any such bill upon the
people of the southern States unless we hold
out to them a prospect, an immediate plan for
tiie lestoration of civil government.
If you will analyze the votes on this question
in the House, if I may be permitted to refer to
that subject, you will find there is no hope of
any compromise in a committee of conference.
We are told that the extreme Radicals of the
House opposed the amendment because'it does
not go far enough. Every single Democrat
in the House, amounting to forty-two, voted
against it, because it goes too far. Gentlemen
speak of the prevailing public sentiment in the
House against the Blaine amendment. How
is that public sentiment brought about, and who
entertains it? A vast majority of the Radical
Republican Union party favor the amendment;
but by the union of a few extreme Radicals
with the whole Democratic party en masse it is
voted down.
Now, do you hope for any compromise ? The
House stands simply upon a military bill. The
Senate by an unprecedented majority propose
some plan and some time when civil govern-
ments can be restored. Now, sir, how are you
to compromise? If we refer this to a eom-
; mittee of conference and they soften or de-
1 stroy or report against the Blaine amendment,
; it fails here by a vote of three to one if Sen-
ators stand upon their honest convictions, as
I they stood only two days ago. Then how do
- you hope for anything from this committee of
conference ? There is nothing to confer about.
The House by two deliberate votes have taken
their action. The Senate, after an exhaustive
debate, have taken their action. I am un-
willing that this great question, affecting the
very foutidations of American society ana free
institutions, shall be taken- out of the hands of
Congress in open session and given to the
compromises and conferences of a committee
of conference. It is due to us to settle the
question here.
The Senator from Massachusetts speaks of
the fearful responsibility of the defeat of this
bill. Who defeat it? Its friends or its ene-
mies? Who defeat the bill? We have stood
consistently by it from the beginning; we stand
by it yet; but we do not propose to abdicate
upon a great subject like this and give up the
power of Congress to a committee of confer-
ence. Nor would any good result from it. I
will not anticipate what the action of the Pres-
ident may be. I do not think it is parliament-
ary even to refer to it. I shall decide this ques-
tion as it comes up, to the last day of the ses-
sion, without any possible reference to the
action of the President of the United States,
and I shall ask full debate and full deliberation,
and that the Senate shall speak, and not a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I believe, with
the Senator from California, who spoke a while
ago, that this is altogether too grave a matter
to be left at this stage of the session to a com-
mittee of conference, a committee whose do-
ings we are all of us unaware of. What it may
do or forbear to do is hardly ever very well
known to the Senate.
Sir, I do not like some things that dropped
from the Senator from Maine. It seettis that
he was present while the debate Was going on,
and that he all the time entertained the idea
that this bill was defective in some particular;
yea, so defective that after its passage even he
would not consent to it; and yet he never led
his opposition to it be known—never proposed
a remedy for the defect that he thought he saw
all the time. I like frankness here and every-
where else. If a bill is passing here, and I
entertain the idea that it is defective in any
way and that I can remedy it by legislation, I
certainly will make it known to the Senate that
I believe such a defect does exist, and propose
the remedy. Why, sir, this whole Senate, who
continued through the whole debate, night and
day, and never left their posts till it was finally
decided, to a man agreed to what we had done,
and we believed that it was as near right as it
was possible for us to get it. Why then do we
wait until after we have exhausted all our pow-
ers of persuasion, and when the bill passes,
failing to make our arguments here, make
them somewhere else? I do not like that way
of doing business in the Senate of the United
States.
Now, sir, I know that Congress is responsi-
ble for framing a bill on this great subject of
reconstruction that shall be satisfactory to the
country, and I am not one of those who despair
that we shall have the wisdom and the ability
to do it; but I say here now. I would rather
begin again de novo, with all the experience we
have had, and do it in open Senate and in open
day, than to undertake to patch up these meas-
ures that both Houses or some of both Houses
