1558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
seem to think are somehow defective. We
have time enough to do it. There is no diffi-
culty upon that subject. VVe have all the time
there is; for the moment this Congress shall
cease ; another, not less wise, not less vigorous,
not less intent upon making a remedy for all
these evils than ourselves, will be here on
the spot, with full time to deliberate on the
sjuliject, and before we separate my word for it
we shall have something that will satisfy the
country and be satisfactory to ourselves. I
will not be driven into this doubtful position by
the idea that we have only a little time and the
President may veto our proceedings. I know
he may. I know now we have lost the oppor-
tunity to send this bill to him in time because
the House have failed promptly to meet the
amendment that we proposed.
I find 110 fault with the House because they
did not agree with us in this matter; but we
need not consider ourselves driven by time to
patch up a hasty measure here that will be un-
satisfactory to ourselves and the country. If
we cannot do it now, let us begin again denovo
at the next session, and take all summer for it
if it is necessary.
But, sir, how do I know what a committee
of conference will do here? I do not know
■who they may be nor what sentiments they
may entertain on this subject. Although it
has been debated here from day to day and
night to night, still I am told that gentlemen
have not expressed some opinions that they
entertain on this subject and have entertained
all along. I do not know what kind of expres-
sion we may get from this committee of con-
ference ; and I do not like to have a subject as
broad as this stand on so narrow a pinnacle as
that of a committee of conference. I would
rather insist upon what we have done; let it
go back to the House, and if they are still
decided and stand upon their doings let it fail
for the present and let us begin again. That is
my judgment, sir—not that I will give it up ;
I will never give it up until we have got some-
thing satisfactory to the country and to Con-
gress ; but I will not be driven on a subject of
this importance for want of time, nor by the
argument that we shall not get it before the
President till within ten days of the close of
the session, when he may pocket the bill. Let
him pocket it if he sees tit to do so. It will be
very easy for us to revive it again at the next
session. And I thank God we have had the
providence to provide against any fatal contin-
gency arising from any delinquency that we
ma3' fall into now. There is no occasion for
undue haste. Let us deliberate until every
gentleman who entertains an opinion shall
bring it forward with his meed of influence
and share of wisdom to build up and perfect
just such a mode of reconstruction as we all
believe will be the best that can be made.
I shall vote against sending this matter to a
committee of conference. 1 will not agree to
that now. I would rather, as I said before,
begin at the foundation with the bill, either
in one branch or the other. If the Reconstruc-
tion Com mi ttee cannot fit up a measure that they
themselves will stand by, I trust we shall get a
committee somewhere that will get up a mode
of reconstruction that they themselves will stand
by if all others disagree.
Mr. FESSENDEN. From what friends have
said to me outside with reference to this matter
among my brethren of the Senate, and from
what the Senator from Ohio has said just now,
especially with reference to the Reconstruction
Committee, I want to ask him whether, in the
remarks he has been making, he alluded to me ?
Mr. WADE. What remarks?
Mr. FlibSENDEN. The remarks about get-
ting up a bill by the Reconstruction Commit-
tee that they themselves would stand by; and
also the further remark of not expressing sen-
timents here, but expressing them elsewhere
with regard to this matter.
Mr. WADE. I did refer to the Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEX. That is what I sup-
posed.
Mr. WADE. I supposed I was sufficiently
explicit so that there could be no doubt on that
subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The only doubt was as
to knowing who the Senator meant, and that
was a matter I wanted to make certain. With
his customary frankness he has admitted that in
the remarks he made he referred to me partic-
ularly. Now, sir, perhaps I owe something to
myself with reference to this matter. The lie-
construction Committee reported the military
bill; that bill I have stood by from the begin-
ning. The Reconstruction Committee did not
report the Blaine amendment or any amend-
ment having reference to those subjects in any
shape or form.
Mr. COXXESS. Will the Senator permit
me to say a word?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. COXXESS. Although the Reconstruc-
tion Committee did not report the Blaine
amendment, the body that created the Recon-
struction Committee did report it and adopt it.
Mr. FESSENDEX. That is all very true,
and I have no objection to make to that state-
ment; it is mere matter of fact. But I am
now talking about the Reconstruction Com-
mittee. The Reconstruction Committee, so
far as I am concerned, stood, and were pre-
pared to stand, directly upon the bill that they
reported. There is no question about that.
The other is a part that came on to the bill,
not from the committee, but from the body
itself, as stated by the honorable Senator from
California.
Now, sir, in regard to the other remark that
is made by the Senator from Ohio about not
expressing opinions here but expressing them
elsewhere, I have this to say: that I took no
part in the debate, not a particle. Did the
Senator?
Mr. WADE. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. None at all. We took
very little part in the debate on this side of the
Chamber. Senators will bear me witness that
it was perfectly understood that we should not
take part in the debate; that we should leave
the discussion to our friends on the other side
of the Chamber, so long as they chose to dis-
cuss it. With that understanding I agreed,
and I was perfectly willing to agree to it, for
I had no particular disposition to take part in
the debate, and I never have a disposition to
take part in debate upon a matter that is agreed
upon by my friends, which does not entirely
meet my approbation. All I think that they
have a right to demand of me in such a ease,
the utmost that they have a right to demand
of me, is that I shall not oppose the decision
of my friends, and that if I cannot support it I
shall at least let it go. What more have they
a right to demand? The honorable Senator
from California shakes his head. Can they
demand of me ihat I shall get up here in the
Senate and advocate what I do not exactly
like or approve ?
Mr. COXNESS. Will the Senator permit
me right at this point?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. CONXESS. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator what lie would think of a military officer
who had sat as a member of a council of war,
but whose plans and suggestions and opinions
had been overruled, if, when the battle began,
he should simply not oppose his friends, but
i did not engage in capturing and destroying the
,enemy?
! Mr. FESSEXDEX. The answer to that is,
we are not a council of war. It is not a mili-
! tary matter.
, Mr. COXXESS. It is a council of peace
1 and the same rules govern.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a civil matter, a
| matter of legislation, not a council of war by
j any manner of means, or anything of that
description. Therefore I do not think the
question of my friend from California is exactly
pertinent.
Now, sir, let us have an understanding about
this matter. I acceded or yielded to the opin-
j ions of my friends on this subject, and I yielded
I because it was out my power to oppose or pre-
vent the action they agreed upon. Does that
impose upon me the obligation to take part in
a debate and to advocate what I do not approve ?
Can anything more be asked of me than that I
submit, or of auy member of the Senate under
such circumstances ? I take it, not.
As to expressing opinions elsewhere, in con-
versation with several gentlemen I did say, and
I stand by what I said, that I did not like the
bill as it stood, and I repeated it. I did fur-
ther express the opinion, in answer to a ques-
tion that was asked of me, if the House non-
concurred whether I thought there would be any
difficulty in settling it by a committee of con-
ference. Arguing upon what had taken place
before, I did not think there would, and I stand
by that, although it seems I am mistaken in
that last opinion from the expressions I have
heard here.
Now, sir, I take it that I am neither bound
to advocate what I do not approve, nor to
withhold my opinions in private conversation
with our political friends as to what my opin-
ions are on that subject. The obligations of
party do not go as far as that; and I want gen-
tlemen so to understand it. They do not go
as far as that with me. If gentlemen choose
to find fault with me on that subject, I stand
ready to take the consequences, whatever they
may be in relation to it.
I know there are certain gentlemen here who
delight in an occasion to find fault with me,
and to put responsibilities on me that do not
belong to me. I have felt that for some period
of time, and I have sat here silent and borne
it without reply. But, sir, I take it that I stand
in the same position in this Senate that every
other gentleman does: at liberty to consult,
and if overruled, to yield; but my obligation
does not go so far as to compel me to support
what I do not like or approve in any other-
wise then by my vote, which I am often com-
pelled to do, not because it is strictly right,
but because I think on the whole it is best to
do so, and therefore I yield something that I
do not like to much that I do. Nor do I think
it goes so far as that in conversation with my
political friends outside. I shall not say what
I think of the measure itself.
The honorable Senator from Ohio was bit-
terly opposed to this Blaine amendment, as it
was so called, himself. He did not want it put
on to the bill. The honorable Senator from
Michigan who has spoken was opposed to it to
the last. He cannot deny that.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sena-
tor from Maine allow me one word?
Mr. FESSEXDEX. Certainly; anything
the Senator pleases.
Mr. HOWARD. What he has now said in
reference to the Blaine amendment as it was
presented to the Senate by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Shermax,] and finally passed by
this body, is, as he must be aware, a mistake.
I voted for it in that form. I voted for it when
the honorable Senator from Maine was at his
lodgings enjoying the sweets of sleep ; at a time
when I believe, if I was rightly informed, he
had paired off with some member of the Sen-
ate and thus escaped what to me would have
been a responsibility in voting either for or
against that measure.
\\ liile I am up, and as the Senator has re-
ferred to me, he will allow me to say- further
that my connection with this measure in all its
stages and in all its forms, and my knowledge
of the discussions that have taken place upon
it, have been probably as intimate and careful
as his, and until this momeut when he an-
nounced that the amendment was disagreeable
to him, that he was opposed to it, I have been
all along in total ignorance of that opposition
on the part of the honorable Senator from
Maine. He never, so far as I know, has
spoken one word in my hearing in opposition
to what is known as the Blaine amendment.
Mr. FESbEXDEX. The Senator then on
one or two occasions has been very hard of
hearing. That is all I have to say on that sub-
ject. His ears were sealed in some way to
what I did say.
