118
fHS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
leaders of to-day who have betrayed the people
almost to their destruction.
- Again-, we cannot permanently disfranchise
large bodies of men in this country with safety
to the nation. Deprived of political power every
subterfuge will be resorted to to regain it, and
the masses will grow more restless and discon-
tented until they sweep over all barriers, as
they have in Maryland, and render the pres-
ence of the military continuously necessary to
preserve the tieace of the State. I hope Ten-
nessee and Missouri will be wise in time by
availingjhemselves of the black vote at once.
With the, (government in the hands of a major-
ity of all the people of each State, all will be
projected and the true theory of a free Gov-
ernment carried out, and the State is repub-
lican indeed. Is not this a " consummation
devoutly to be wished?"
That nation is wise whose policy tends to
the elevation of the masses of its people, to
dignify and honor labor, to give to all loyal citi-
zens a share in the Government they uphold.
In so doing each man feels a direct respon-
sibility in himself; he shares in the pride,
glory, and prosperity of his country; he feels
great inducements to qualify himself for the
duties of the citizen ; he feels encouraged to
educate his children that they may be better
fitted still for those duties. When the land is '
assailed by foes from without or convulsions
within he springs to arms as one whose per-
sonal rights and highestprivilegesare in danger.
Each true man that is clothed with political
rights is a pillar to the State; each mind that
is elevated in the scale of intelligence binds
stronger the bonds of the Republic and makes
liberty more secure.
The instincts of the people, ignorant and
lowly though they be, are right. They seek out
justice and abhor tyrants; they are naturally
inclined to.be loyal and true. Trust them and
the nation will live, ignore them and the nation
will perish.
Why not meet the issue now? Why not,
men of this Congress, come up to the high
demands of the times and complete the work?
We cannot put this negro question out of sight;
like the ghost of the murdered Banquo, it
will arise at every feast and "shake its gory
locks" at us ; it will not down at our bidding.
All acknowledge that suffrage to the black man
must come in time; why not insist upon it now,
when we are building anew the national tem-
ple and have the ]power to accomplish it? Asa
matter simply ot expediency, is it not better
than to lot the agitation go on for another gen-
eration, to be ended, perhaps, in another rebel-
lion, in more blood?
*, Adopt.the plan I propose and all the States
will be represented in the next Congress, the
murder, persecution, and banishment of Union
men will cease. The Constitution, the civil
rights bill, and all other provisions of law for
the protection of the people of the South will
be a living fact realized in every portion of the
South, for everywhere the loyal man will be
clothed with the power of enforcing those rights.
The South will turn its attention to reviving-
its exhausted fields and repairing its desolate
places. The country, relieved of the problem
of reconstruction, will turn its attention to
many neglected questions of national import-
ance, to reviving its trade and industry, correct-
ing the errors of its financial system, and paying
its debts. Pursue the other policy farther, let
things drift, and finally let those rebel organi-
zations into Congress without giving our friends
in the South the protection of the ballot, and
I can see many dark hours in store for the
Republic.,
Mr. Chairman, we may be told that Congress
has agreed to admit the representatives from
those States when they adopt the constitutional
amendments now before them. Congress has
agreed to no such thing, but I most earnestly
desire the adoption of those amendments, and
we should insist upon it to the last But you
will observe that these rebel State organizations
do not propose to adopt the amendments. Some
of them have already rejected them, and the
tone of the Governors and presses of the other
States leave no doubt but the whole ten will
reject them. This is in pursuance of the policy
announced by Alexander H. Stephens, that the
South would submit to no further conditions
and forms—an additional reason why new State
governments should be organized in which the
friends of the Government and the amendments
should take part so that the.amendments- will
finally receive the approval of the requisite
number of States, and become part of the Con-
stitution.
Let them rail on about their rights, these "last
ditch'' gentlemen, and proclaim what they will
or will not do. They have tried the wager of
battle, been vanquished in the field, and now
they must submit to the will of the conqueror,
and whether they will adopt the amendment or
not will not retard the great work before us.
Other men will answer the demands of the
nation ; other State organizations will sanction
the amendments; and if these malcontents
hatch up a new rebellion, the problem of re-
construction will be solved as to them finally
and forever, for not one of them will be left
unburied or unhung.
But we are told that if we reject these State
organizations the constitutional amendment
abolishing slavery will fall to the ground.
Well, if the Supreme Court, as it is very likely
to do, should decide that those rebel machines
were not States that claimed to adopt this
amendment, and that the concurrence of
three fourths of the thirty-six States is neces-
sary to pass the amendment, then we should,
have it solemnly decided and settled that the
great amendment was not adopted. -Let us
avoid any such contingency; let us make this
amendment a part of the Constitution beyond
doubt by creating valid State organizations that
will legally adopt it. The emancipation proc-
lamation of Mr. Lincoln struck the shackles
from the bondmen in all the seceding States.
The amendment has been adopted -by all the
free States, and can be adopted by the requi-
site number as spon as the southern States are
properly reorganized.
The leaders of the rebellion should never
again return to power in this country. Our fath-
ers disfranchised Tories, and so should we dis-
franchise all those bold bad men who, fired the
southern heart,
" Who cheered the band and waved the sword.
As leaders in a rebel horde."
They should never again be clothed with
trust in this Government. The prowling guer-
rilla, the wretch that starved prisoners to death,
should likewise be deprived; and the editors
and publishers of those vile secession sheets
that fanned the flame of the rebellion, that
studiously misrepresented the Union and its
frieuds, deceived and beguiled the southern
masses into rebellion, and then prolonged it
for years by the same means, and are still seek-
ing to widen the breach and keep alive the
spirit of insubordination in the hearts of their
victims; none of these restless, dangerous men
should ever again cast a vote or hold an office
under this Government.
A few of the more prominent of these lead-
ers should be tried for treason, and if convicted
hung for treason. Let the remainder of them
live and have an abiding place even under the
flag they dishonored and sought to tear down;
but let them go, disfranchised, shorn of all po-
litical power, with the mark of the traitor upon
them, until they shall perish from the earth,
and let their names and memory go down to all
comingtimeas infamous, and as a warning; thus
'•treason will be made odious."
1 am opposed to general-amnesty. For all
time to come ambitious and unscrupulous men
should be admonished by the fate of the mov-
ing spirits of the great rebellion that such acts
are attended with danger: that lifo and property
may be lost in such an attempt; that treason
is not a pastime or an adventure, to be under-
taken without risk to lift those engaged in it
to power and honor if successful and to be
attended with no evil consequences if unsuc-
cessful, but that the nation while magnanimous
is just, and justice will punish with severity a
sufficient number to be a lesson to all others in
like case offending. The fact that we have neg-
lected that duty so long makes no difference.
The traitor cannot complain of the delay in
his own favor. Every consideration of duty,
justice, honor, and public safety demands this.
The warnings of the past, the terrible realities
of the present, and the hopes of the future all
require it. I have hope for the nation, for i
believe it will be just. My dream is of a model
Republic, extending equal protection and rights
to all men from ocean to ocean, from the great
lakes to the Gulf, that a mighty people shall
rise up strong in freedom, in knowledge,. and
in power.
The South shall cease to be a section-and
become a part of the nation ; her sons and
daughters shall build altars to freedom in her
waste places; the wilderness shall vanish, the
church and school-house will appear, and light
and knowledge will illumine her dark corners;
freedom of speech, of opinion, and of the press
will be as much secured in South Carolina as in
Maine; all men shall be citizens, and high and
clear in the fundamental law will that charter
of citizenship be found guiding the nation
like a pillar of flame; the whole land will re-
vive under the magic touch of free labor, and
we shall arise from the ashes of the rebellion
to a purer life and a higher destiny, illustrat-
ing the grand truth of man's capacity for self-
government; then Columbia will march on
through the ages that are to come, her navies
triumphant on every sea, her commerce encir-
cling the earth, her arms the terror of tyrants
and the hope of slaves, her influence ascendant
in every capital; the oppressed of all nations
will come to our shores, and free Governments
everywhere be founded from the inspiration of
our example; firm upon the rock of justice and
equality the temple reared by our fathers and
purified by the blood of our brothers shall
stancLin the midst of the wondering nations the
most potent, free, and glorious of all. Shall
this be so? It is ours to say.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Ashley, of
Ohio, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the "Onion, having had
under consideration the President's annual
message, had come to no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined ana found truly enrolled a bill (S. No.
378) entitled "An act releasing to Francis S.
Lyon the interest of the United States in cer-
tain lands;" whereupon the Speaker signed the
same.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at three o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &o„ were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ANCONA: The memorialpf Martin Reiff-
snyder, of Berks county, Pennsylvania, late a member
of company K, forty-seventh Pennsylvania volun-
teers, praying for an act granting him a pension.
By Jlr. FARNSWORTH: The petition of Thoma8
Reeil, and 150 others, of Lake county, Illinois, for in-
vestigating the conduct of the President of theUnited
States, and his impeachment, if found guilty, for high
crimes and misdemeanors.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of Nelson S. Stono
and Albert Fitzgerald, for American register for the
Canadian-built schooners Welland and Governor.
Also,the petition of John W.Tyler, and others, for
American register for the Canadian-built schooner
Emperor.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The petition
of the Humane Society of Massachusetts, for a grant
of money for life-boats and the support of stations
upon the const of Massachusetts.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: The petition
of W. B. Ward, for renewal of patent.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of 6. V. Diet-
rich, Henry K. Sanderson, M.O. Coote, x. R.Greene,
postmaster at Ionia, A. 0. Higgins, and many others.
