882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January BO,
Mr. HIGBY. Then I will not make the
motion. I will leave it to the chairman. But
one hour is worth nothing in the investigation
of a question like this.
Mr. SCHENCK. With the permission of
the gentleman from California [Mr. Higby]
I will state that for one, having charge of
this subject, I have been taken somewhat by
surprise. I ought to have known better, but
I was under the impression that the bill would
go over after the previous question was sec-
onded until to-morrow. And I have a very
great desire that a paper upon this subject from
Colonel Parker, which contains more and—
with due deference to every gentleman who
has sjsoken, including myself—is better stated
than it has been stated by any of us, shall be
printed and laid before us for consideration.
I hope, therefore, that the motion to recon-
sider whatever disposition may be afterward
made of the subject, whether it comes up to-
morrow morning or some evening is fixed for
its consideration—will prevail; so that we may
get this information, as well as the information
referred to by the gentleman from California,
[Mr. higby,] who was on the committee ap-
pointed to examine this subject. This will aid
us in arriving at a correct conclusion.
Mr. WIN-DOM. I desire to make one word
of explanation. I stated distinctly, when I
called the previous question, that I did it for
the purpose of testing the wishes of the House
upon this subject; that if they desired to con-
tinue this discussion during the morning hour,
they would of course vote down the call for the
previous question. Neither the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sciiexck] nor any other gentleman
arose in his place and objected to the call for
the previous question ; and the previous ques-
tion was therefore sustained.
Now, I should much prefer that this subject
should bo further discussed; but I do not see
how it can be done without losing the bill. I
am willing to have the vote reconsidered by
which the main question was ordered, provided
that will leave the bill open to consideration
during the morning hour. But I would rather
have unanimous consent to have it assigned
for a certain evening, when it can be fully dis-
cussed.
Mr. HIGBY. Then I would suggest that
we set apart to-morrow evening, and in the
mean time the report of Colonel Parker can be
printed.
Mr. WINDOM. Do not say to-morrow
evening ; say this evening.
Mr. HIGBY. I want time to have this re-
port printed.
Mr. WINDOM. Then say Friday evening.
Mr. HIGBY. Very well; I will say Friday
evening.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I must object to that,
unless it is understood that no vote will be
taken upon that evening.
The SPEAKER. The proposition then will
be to assign Friday evening for debate on this
bill, the vote to be taken the next morning
after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. KASSON. I do not think that ar-
rangement will accomplish the result desired.
If gentlemen do not come here and listen to
the debate upon that evening and hear the facts
then to be developed, the arrangement will fail
entirely of its purpose.
Mr. HIGBY. Then I will simply move to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered.
. „ WEAKER. The effect of that motion,
if adopted, will be to leave this bill open for
debate during the morning hour of each day ;
and no coromittoc will b6 able to rsport during
the morning hour until this bill shall have been
disposed of.
I he motion of Mr. Hioby was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the re-
port of Colonel Parker, together with com-
munications from General Grant and the Wjtr
Department upon this subject, be printed for
the use of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now expired, and this bill will go over till the
morning hour of to-morrow.
codifying customs laws.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution to extend the time
for codifying the laws relating to customs au-
thorized by the joint resolution approved July
26, 1866; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides for extending the time for codifying
the laws relating to customs for a period of
three months after the expiration of the pres-
ent session of Congress.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
michael m'cann.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of the House of the 9th
instant, transmitting* papers in the case of
Michael McCann's claim for the service of the
bark Charles Warner; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
st. clair flats>
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in
reply to a resolution of the House of January
15, 1807, General Cram's report on the St.
Clair flats; which, on motion of Mr. Trow-
bridge, was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
texas.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in reply to a reso-
lution of the House of January 14, 1867, rela-
tive to the condition of affairs in Texas; which
was referred to the joint Committee on Recon-
struction, and ordered to be printed.
surveys of the upper mississippi.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the House of Decem-
ber 20, 1866, the report of the Chief of Engi-
neers, with General Warren's report of the
surveys of the Upper Mississippi and its tribu-
taries ; which, on motion of Mr. Donnelly, was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
disbursements of navy department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting, in com-
pliance with the act of August 26,1846, a state-
ment of expenditures from the contingent fund
during the fiscal year ending June 80, 1806;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
disbursements of state department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of State, transmitting, in compli-
ance with the act of August' 25, 1842, a state-
ment of disbursements from the contingent fund
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS asked and obtained leave
of absence till next Friday.
order of business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now move to proceed
to business upon the Speaker's table. -
Mr. STEVENS., I would inquire of tho
gentleman if there is any particular bill upon
the Speaker's table which lie desires to reach.
I want to get through the appropriation bills
in Committee of the Whole. If the gentleman
wants to reach any particular bill 1 hope he
will confine his motion to that bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There are several bills
there which require action now, but there is
one bill in particular I desire to reach, amend-
ing the registry law of the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of considering the ap-
propriation bills.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ixgersoll] is in
order at any time at the conclusion of the
morning hour, notwithstanding a special order
may have been assigned for that time, but the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] takes the precedence of the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois, because
it is a motion to suspend tho rule under which
he is entitled to make the motion.
Mr. STEVENS. Before the question is put
on my motion to go into Committee of the
Whole I desire to move that all general debate
upon the consular and diplomatic bill, the
Military Academy bill, and the fortification
bill terminate in ten minutes after their con-
sideration is begun in the Committee of the
Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
The question being taken upon the motion
of Mr. Stevens that the rules be suspended
and the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
the consideration of the regular appropriation
bill, there were—ayes 46, noes 31; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Stevens and
Ingf.rsoll.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 67, noes 30.
So the motion was agreed to.
consular, etc., appropriation bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, '(Mr. Pojieiioy in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of House bill No.
904, making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1868, and for
other purposes.
The ponding question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Stevens as amended on motion of
Mr. Hale, reading as follows :
In line eleven, strike out the word "Rome;" and
at the end of line fifteen insert the following:
Provided, That no moneys hereby or otherwise ap-
propriated shall bepaidforthe supportof the United
States legation at Rome, or for the future expenses
of any such legation.
Mr. DODGE. T have received several com-
munications in regard to the action of the
Government at Rome.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. DODGE. I move to strike out the last
two words.
Mr. Chairman, I have received this morning
from a friend who is spending the winter in
Rome a letter which I will send to the Clerk's
desk to be read :
The Clerk read as follows:
Rome, January 4,1867.
For six years and more tho Scotch Presbyterians
have had a station here. Indeed theyhavo two: one
the IVee Church, the other the Church of Scotland.
Ihc chaplains have held service every Sabbath in
their own apartments with a few of their country-
men, rarely more than thirty or forty being present,
rso sign or notice is allowed to be put up on the house
to designate it as the place of worship. The stranger
imcis it advertised at his hotel, and coming to the
number, prowls up tho dark, stone stairways to souio
very tipper chamber; and there, as secretly as the
early Christians m the catacombs of Rome or in the
clens and caves of the earth, he finds a few like-
Tqinaofl, who pray and hear tho Word. These ser-
vices disturb no one and the authorities do not notice
them. They affect to ignore their existence aito-
