1S66.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Cithsensof Knox county, Illinois, containing thirteen
charges against Andrew Johnson, President of the
TJniied States, and praying for his impeachment .and
removal from officc,
■ By Mr. JENCKES: The petition of.Ambrose E.
Burnside, and others, for appropriation for removal
of sunken wrecks in Providence river.
Also', the petition of citizens of Paw tuck of. and
N<5rth Providence, Rhode-Island, for an appropria-
tion for improvement of the navigation of Paw tucket
river. .
By Mr. McINBOB: Papers In relation to moneys
lost by Almansonliaton, receiverof pnblicmoneysfor
the district of lands subject to sale at Stevens's Point,
Wisconsin, by the destruction of the Stevens's Point
land office' by fire. '
- hy Mr.-MeRUKR: The memorial of the Chamber
of Commerce, of San Eraneisco in regard to China
.'mail. .'
'Also, the "memorial of the same regarding mail
facilities with Arizona.
. , By.Mr. NEWELL: The petition of employes in the
various Executive Departments, praying for increase
'of compensation.
By Mr. ROLLINS: The remonstrance of Messrs.
Phillips, Messer, & Colby, and Messrs. Greenwood &
Burpee, citizens of New London, New Hampshire,
against any increase of duty on steel.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 14, 1866.
. . Prayer by the Chaplain, Itev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of J.
H. Merrill, a captain in what was known as
the naval brigade, praying for compensation
for his services; wnich was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
James Jones, praying for. compensation, for
services rendered as assistant assessor of in-
ternal revenue for the sixth division of the first
district of South Carolina; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of H. Clare-
mont Moses, praying for compensation for
services rendered as assistant assessor of in-
ternal revenue for the first district of South
Carolina; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
officers of the United States Army, praying
for an increase of pay; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I present the petition of
Charles Appleton, an inmate of the Soldiers'
Home, with a pension of three dollars a month.
He is compelled to remain in that position,
kept from Ips family and from his friends and
from all social intercourse.- This would seem
to be rather a penalty than a reward for having
served his country. Rather than make insti-
tutions wherein our soldiers will be kept away
from social intercourse, I think we should give
them pensions of a sufficient amount to enable
them to remain at home in social communion
with their family and friends, and in that way
pass their lives happier and belter. I move
that this petition be referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I have been requested to
present the memorial of the clerks and civil
employes of the respective Executive Depart-
ments in Washington, indorsed and approved
by the heads of the Departments and by the
chiefs of the bureaus, praying for an increase of
their compensation. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Financc.
It was so referred.
COMPENSATION OF TENNESSEE SENATORS.
• The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received from the Secretary of the Senate
a communication addressed to him personally,
asking direction in regard to the payment of
the salaries of the Senators recently admitted
from the State of Tennessee. As the case is
one in some respects of first impression, the
Chair deems it proper to lay the communication
before the Senate in order to have the benefit
of the judgment of the Senate on the case
stated in the communication. With the per-
mission of .the Senate the communication will
be read.
The communication was read, as follows:
Office of the Secbetaey of the Sexatb.
Washinstost, December 13,1866,
Sib: My attention has been called to the question
of the payment of the Senators admitted from the
State of Tennessee at the last session of Congress.
As the decision of the question properly pertains to
you as the Presiding Officer of the Senate, I desire to
be informed whether the payment of compensation
to them is to be made from the commencement of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress or from the date of their
admission as Senators.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN W. FORNEY,
Secretary of the Senate*
Hon. L. F. S. Foster, President pro tempore of the
- Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What order
will the Senate pass in reply to the suggestion
made in the letter just read 1 -
Mr. WILSON. I move that the communi-
cation be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bilL(H. R.
No. 876) making appropriations and to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1867, have directed me to report
it back with" two amendments. This is a bill
containing a very few items which it is necessary
should be passed immediately. It is a very
short bill and can readily be understood from
the reading; but if any gentleman wants in-
formation I can give it.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance was to strike out the fol-
lowing item:
For facilitating communication between the Atlan-
tic and Pacific States by electrical telegraph, $-10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following item :•
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
pay the three watchmen appointed under resolution
of July 25,1866, at $900 caeh, $2,700.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the
following enrolled bills, which yesterday re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker of the
House:
A bill (S. No. 308) confirming the title of
Alexis Gardapier to a certain tract of land in
the county of Brown, and State of Wisconsin;
and
A bill (S. No. 373) releasing to Francis S.
Lyon the interest of the United States in cer-
tain lands.
CLARA MOORE.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition and accom-
panying papers of Clara Moore, widow of Ely
Moore, deceased, praying for payment to her
of the claim of her husband for an amount
paid for additional clerks and office accommo-
dations for those clerks in the register's office
at Lecompton, Douglas county, Kansas, have
instructed me to report back the papers and ask
to be discharged from the further consideration
of the case. There was an adverse report in
the case at the last session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will be on discharging the committee from
the further consideration of the subject.
Mr. POMEROY. - I hope the committee will
not be discharged. I have further papers in
the case that I desire to present to the com-
mittee, and I would be gratified if the committee
would withhold t-hat report and allow the addi-
tional papers to be presented. It is early in
the session, and I did not suppose -the reaort
would be made so soon or I should have, had
the papers in before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator move to recommit the report? - .
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; I make that
motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose the additional
papers to which the Senator, from Kansas
refers are' now in the hands of the clerk and
have been examined by the committee. . Since
the adverse report was made at the last "term
certain affidavits have been submitted to the
committee, but in the judgment of the com-
mittee they do not change the state of th.eca.se
so as to entitle the petitioner to'the relief for
which she prays. I will gay to the Senator
from Kansas, that the difficulty in this case, is
not so much in the particular facts presented
by the petitioner as in a decision establishing
a dangerous precedent. The committee are
not inclined to make a decision in. this case
whi^ch will be a precedent for similar, decis-
ions in other cases. The fact is that nearly all
the land officers of the United States stand in
the position in which the husband, of this pe-
titioner stood; and if an allowance be made
to her in this case there will be no reason why
all the land officers that have been employed
by the Government for the last ten, twelve, or
twenty years should not be allowed extra com-
pensation. It is chiefly upon that ground that
the committee have instructed me to make
this adverse report, and I do not think that
any additional papers can be submitted by the
Senator which will change the decision of the
committee in this case. It has been twic«
thoroughly examined by the committee and
considered, and I think it is time that the case
was ended.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no doubt the
committee desire to do exact and equal justice,
whatever the precedent may be. The papers
in this case show what cannot be shown in
other cases, that there was in the first place
a permission, and in the second place an
agreement, that clerk hire should be had;
and those are the papers upon which I rely,
and which I desire to place before the com-
mittee. " I do not wish to argue the case on
the mere question of recommitting it to the
committee; but when the committee shall
have all the papers before them, and examined
the case fully, I have no doubt they will report
in favor of allowing something—perhaps the
whole claim.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Kansas will allow me, I wish to ask the Senator
from Oregon if the attention of the committee
was called to the law which authorizes the
adjustment of the accounts of the registers and
receivers for the expenses they incur, by the
Commissioner of the Land Office, with a
view to their reference to Congress for com-
pensation? There was a law of that kind
| passed somewhere about the year ISofi, I think,
! and under that law the registers and receivers
, thought they were authorized to employ clerks
!*and to meet the expenses of their offices out
i of the public Treasury, but the Commissioner
of the General Land Office was not authorized
to adjust the accounts finally and give them a
credit for the expenditures, but it was con-
templated that the claims should come before
Congress. The act of Congress contemplated
it: ar.d I wish to ask the Senator, whether the
committee has considered that law in connec-
tion with this particular claim ? It seems to
me that it has something to do with it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will say. Mr. Presidci ',
that the attention of the committee was called
to that law, or to the supposed law, and the
conclusion of the committee was that there
has been no law authorizing registers and
receivers to appoint clerks; and as the appoint-
ment of those clerks was made without any
i authority of law, of course it is discretionary
with Congress whether extra compensation
should or should not be allowed. The uniform
practice has been in all other cases, with per-
haps one or two exceptions, to deny to registers
