1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
888
gather. On Saturday, December 29,1866, the chap-
lains of these two missions were served with tho fol-
lowing warning, issued by the British consul. loopy
it verbatim from the original now before me:
British Consulate at Rome,
December 29,1866.
t Sir : It is my official duty to inform you that Mon-
signore Randi, Governor of Rome, has just commu-
nicated to me that you are holding illegal religious
meetings in your house, which you must know are
prohibited by the Roman law, and that you have thus
placed yourself in the power of tho Inquisition, both
for arrest and imprisonment. But as the Monsignoro
permits me to give you this notice I would seriously
advise that you at onco put an end to these innova-
tions, and that you visit MonsignoreRandi at Monte
Citorio and assure him that you will never again
repeat these illegal acts. I hope in this way you
may possibly suspend your exile which is now hang-
ing over you.
I am, sir, your most obedient servant,
JOSEPH SEVERN, British ConevZ.
To Rev. James Lewis.
January 5,1867.
"Worso than our worst fears, the blow has been
struck, and Presbyterians are ordered to desist from
public worship in the Papal dominions!
Yesterday Mr. Odo Russell, as tho acting repre-
sentative of the British Government, had an inter-
view with Cardinal Antonelli, the Prime Minister of
the Pope. Mr. Russell expressed his surpriso on
being informed that an order had been issued re-
quiring the Scottish Presbyterians to desist from the
worship they have been holding in the private houses
of their pastors. He asked the Cardinalif he had
been aware that these meetings had been held for
six years past, without objection being made by any
one, and if there was any special reason why they
were now so summarily suppressed. The Cardinal
intimated in reply that the Government had for
many years past been under restraint; but now that
foreign protection was removed, tlieyjvould admin-
ister it according tothcirown viewsof duty; thatono
English chapel was open, and that was enough for
tho English in Romo.
Mr. Russell said that the Cardinal must be aware
that the suppression of Presbyterian worship would
produce a great excitement in Britain, and the action
of the Pontifical Government would be loudly con-
demned. This suggestion, however, produced no
effect, and Mr. Russell lemarked that tho Ameri-
cans are allowed to have a place of worship. To this
tho Cardinal answered that the Government would
attend to that also! Finding argument and remon-
strance vain, Mr. Russell retired, and roported the
result of his interview. Tho two places of worship
are, therefore, peremptorily closed. There is, there-
fore, no place in Rome or in tho Papal dominions,
where Presbyterians are permitted to meet for divine
worship.
Paul could preach two whole years in his own
house in Pagan Rome. But Papal Rome forbids the
Protestant follower of tho Apostle to worship God
with his friends in his own hired house* Pagan
Rome was more toleiant in Paul's day than Papal
Rome in ours. IRENiEUS.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. DODGE. I am not through. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. KASSON\ I renew the amendment
and yield the floor to the gentleman froin New
York.
Mr. DODGE. I take the floor and ask the
Clerk to read a letter I have received this
morning, which will give the House a better
view than I can myself.
The Clerk read as follows:
"We are curiousto soothe issue ofthisaffair. If the
report be continued ; if tho Pope has issued such an
order, and if our minister submits to it, then is our
country disgraced. Why should we suffer ourselves
thus to be turned out of Rome? It has come to a
pretty pass if the minister of tho United States of
America cannot have worship in his own private
house. Next he will be forbidden to say his prayers
inside the city walls! To all such interference with
privato liberty there is but one answer—a firm and
dignified remonstrance. If that fail, then let our
minister pack up his trunks and turn his back on
Rome. It would be no great loss either to Rome or
to his own country. Our embassy to tho Pope is a ridic-
ulous absurdity. What do we want of a minister to
Rome? Englandhas none and gets along as well as
we with our petty ombassy. There might have been
some excuse for it a few years a;?o, when the Papal
States were quite a respectable Power. But smco
the late revolutions those States have shrunk away
almost to nothing, and the little remainder is just
ready to be swallowed by the kingdom of Italy. To
keep up an embassy at such a shadow of a court is a
tarce. We havo no more need of a minister to the
Pop e of Rome than to the Khan of Tartary. Let him
pack his trunks and come away, and if there is any
need of diplomatic interference we are very sure
that our excellent minister at Florence, Mr. George
P. Marsh, will interfere promptly and to some effect.
"But if he remains, wo trust our Govcrnmentwill
insist inflexibly on his right to have Protestant wor-
ship in his own house. A little firmness here will
have an excellent effect. It is time that the Pope
heard a voice from this side of the Atlantic which
may bring him to his senses, like the warning of stern
old Oliver Cromwell, who put an end to Papal perse-
cution by a message that "if favor were not shown
to the people of God, the thunder of British cannon
should be heard in the castle of St. Angelo."
Mr. HALE. Upon whose authority does
the gentlemen depend for his statements?.
Mr. DODGE. Dr. Prime, a friend of mine,
who is spending the winter in Borne. This is
directly from him.
Mr. HALE. I supposed it to be an anony-
mous communication.
Mr. DODGE. In addition I simply wish to
say, as we are all in favor of economy and
restricting our expenses, I hope this item will
be stricken out.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
say that Borne has no minister resident here.
She docs not condcseend to send one here, and
I do not know any reason why we should send
one there.
Mr. KASSON. I withdraw the amendment
for the purpose of making another proposition,
although I have not had time to submit it to
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions. I move to add:
No money lioroby or otherwise appropriated shall
be paid for tho support of tho Amorican legation at
Rome.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will say
"any American legation at Rome" instead of
"the American legation at Bome" I will ac-
cept it.
Mr. KASSON. I do not object to that.
Mr. BANKS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman trom Iowa. If the
Committee on Appropriations do not wish to
make an appropriation for the minister at Bome
I would not resist the action they propose per-
haps ; but I do object to the House acting on
the information which has been presented here.
We have been notified by the Secretary of
State that the Government lias no official in-
formation from our minister at Rome upon the
subject presented to the House. The letter
read at the Clerk's desk relates to the posi-
tions of Englishmen at Bome, not to that of
American citizens; and we are under no obli-
gations to take up their complaints and right
their wrongs.
If we proposo to sever our diplomatic rela-
tions with Bome altogether, we ought to have
some facts to justify our action. If there are
any such complaints of American citizens, and
the committee proposes for 1ihat, I make no
objection. But I submit to gentlemen that we
ought to havo something from our officers
more substantial than these newspaper reports
before we by legislative act deprive American
citizens and the American Government of a
representative at the Court of Bome.
The suggestion, which is a very natural one
perhaps, one which may weigh with gentlemen,
made in the paper which has been read here,
that the lloman Slates are weak, is undoubt-
edly very true ; but, sir, the Italian Govern-
ment, which is ultimately to control those
States in all secular matters, does not find in
this weakness a sufficient reason for withdraw-
ing her diplomatic representatives. It still
maintains its diplomatic relations with the
lloman Government. That Home has no
minister in the United States is true, but that
is an omission to which we ought not to object.
In tho diplomatic relations existing between
independent nations, originated chiefly in
Catholic countries, they concede to the minis-
ter of the lloman Government precedence in
all matters. If, therefore, Home should send a
minister here, he would be entitled to prece-
dence over other ministers representing all
other Governments. Our people would cer-
tainly object to it, and therefore we have no
reason to complain if Bome docs not send a
minister to us.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that I understand that is simply a
rule of etiquette and nothing more?
Mr. BANKS. It is tho rule wherever Bome
is represented, and it is sometimes unrepre-
sented in Protestant countries for that reason.
In Catholic countries it is less objectionable
than it would be here.
Mr. KASSON. They put iton-the score of
the supremacy of the church.
Mr. BANKS. I do not object if gentlemen
desire to omit the appropriation for the repre--
sentative at Bome; but I trust the House will
not take that decisive action proposed in the
amendment moved' by tii§ gentleman from
Pennsylvania and repeated in a different form
by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,]
putting our action in exactly the same words
that we have applied to a representative of
this Government who, we think, has committed
an offense against the people and the Govern-
ment he represents.- I would not have our
action expressed in that form. If we do not
like to make an appropriation for the diplomatic
representative of our country at Bome, let us
wait until we have some official information as
to the facts affecting the rights of American
citizens, and then take such action as the dig-
nity of the Government may demand:
Mr. STEVENS. If I understood the letter
correctly, all Presbyterian worship within the
walls of Bomo is prohibited. Now, sir, there
is a letter here from Dr. Adams which has not
been read, which states that Mr. King has
hired a chapel outside of the walls of Bome,
according to the order of the Pope.
Mr. BANKS. Dr. Adams says that if the
statements be true, then the American minis-
ter has not done his' duty. But it does uot
appear that they are true. The letter read at
the desk refers to the interests of British sub-
jects.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to add at the end
of the proviso moved by the gentleman from
Iowa the words "after the 30th day of June,
18G7." In my judgment we ought not to havo
had a ministei-ial representative at the Court
of Borne for tho last ten years. There is no
possible reason why we should have one there.
It is a useless expenditure, merely to provide a
place for some one who wants the position. If
there were any important matters of business
requiring one there I should be the last to
object; but under the circumstances as now
presented, with the present territory of the Pope
confined to the city of Bome, I certainly think
that a mere consul is all we require. I deem
the present an opportune moment for with-
holding any appropriation that calls for the
continuance of a minister at that place, and I
trust the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. PINCIC I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I regret, Mr. Chairman, that this prop-
osition should again be pressed this morning,
in the absence, as has been stated by the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, of
all official information on the subject. It strikes
mo that the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Donrm,] who has had read at the desk a letter
and an extract from a newspaper, is exceed-
ingly anxious to become a champion on this
particular question. Now, the letter which he
ias had read at the desk is a letter refer-
ring entirely to English Protestant citizens re-
siding at Home; and 1 think the Government
of Great Britain will bo fully competent to take
care of its own interests at that Court without
the assistance of the able gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Dodge.]
We, so far as we are concerned, have received
no official intelligence whatever from our min-
ister at Bome in relation to this question. And
it does seem to me this committee is showing
a disposition to be rather swift to find some
difficulties and objection to the action of our
minister at Bome and the conduct of the Papal
Government. I submit that the course most
consistent with the dignity of this Government
and of the American people is to wait until we
receive official information as to the action of
the Government at Home and of our own min-
ister. That information has been asked for, but
has not yet come to hand. We do not know, as a
matter of fact, whether there has been an order
issued to the American minister requesting that
Protestant churches be removed outside the
limits of the city of Romo. We have no re-
liable information on the subject. Although
while I should regret that there should exist
any cause in the minds of the authorities of
Bome deemed by them sufficient to induce
such an order, yet we all know and must
