12©
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
and receivers extra compensation for clerk
hire, and there is no reason that I can see why
this case should be excepted from the general
rule that has been applied to all the other land
offices in the country.
Now, there is a grave question as to the
merits of this application. I did not think it
necessary to discuss that. But independent
of the justice of this claim, it is the judgment
of the committee that if an allowance be made
to the petitioner in the case it will open the door
to hundreds, perhaps thousands, of claims of a
similar nature by all the land officers of the
United States, forthey have all, asl understand,
or nearly all, employed clerks and incurred
extra expense. The opinion of the General
Land Office has been that the law provided suf-
ficient pay to them for their services; and in
this particular case .the evidence shows that
this man for four years' service received over
eighteen thousand dollars from the Treasury,
and out of that he paid a portion for clerk hire
and incidental expenses; and it is the opin-
ion of the committee that he was very well
compensated for his labor. There is an elab-
orate report from the Commissioner of the
Land Office showing that he might have dis-
charged this labor without the employment of
extra force. If he saw proper, rather than per-
form the duties himself, to employ clerks to
perform them, it was the opinion of the Depart-
ment that he ought to pay those clerks. He
could not be idle and employ clerks to do the
business, and then ask extra compensation for
the payment of those clerks. These additional
affidavits that have been filed were to the effect,
that while he was register of the Land Office
he was engaged for a portion of the time in
adjudicating conflicting claims and questions
before the Land Office, as though that gave him
a right to extra compensation. If he did that
he only did what all registers and receivers have
done and are constantly doing in the country, and
there is no reason that I can see why this case
should be made an exception to the general
rule. If it is desired, however, I shall not in-
sist upon my objection to its recommitment;
but it seems to me that if a case has been twice
examined the parties concerned ought to be
s^tisiiod
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think this claim
should be recommitted. If the committee has
given the construction to the act that was in-
tended by Congress for the relief of the regis-
ters and receivers which is intimated by the
Senator from Oregon, I do not agree in that
construction, unless I fail to recollect the law
altogether. The law did authorize the Depart-
ment to adjust the accounts of registers and
receivers upon the discretion of the Commis-
sioner, and to report that adjustment to Con-
gress for allowance. ' I do not see how the
account could be adjusted unless the clerks
were employed in advance. I do not see what
the Commissioner could possibly have to ad-
just, upon the construction which the Senator
from Oregon says the committee has given to
that law. I think it would be well enough for
the committee to give their attention once more
to that law. I was not, when I was Commis-
sioner of the Land Office, of the opinion that
that law had the construction now named. I
thought that the register was expected to em-
ploy the clerks, and that on the faith of that
law Congress would make them an allowance
where the case was proper.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the Senator will allow
me, I will ask him if he is not aware that a
decision has been made by the Supreme Court
of the United States upon this question as to
allowing registers and receivers extra compen-
sation ? I am advised that a decision was made
by the United States district court of the State
of Iowa in conformity somewhat with the views
expressed by the Senator from Indiana. That
case was taken to the Supreme Court of the
United States, and the judgment was reversed,
and, as I understand the decision—I have not
examined it particularly with reference to this
case—it was in effect that registers and re-
ceivers were not allowed extra compensation
for their services or the care of money in their
hands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will explain to the
Senator from Oregon the case which was con-
sidered by the Supreme Court of the United
States. It was not in relation to the compen-
sation of registers and receivers- for any ex-
pense of clerk hire or office expenses whatever.
When I was Commissioner the, office held that
the registers and receivers were limited in their
compensation to $3,000, but they claimed that
they were entitled to all the fees for locating
land warrants, and that they were not required
to account to the Government at all for those
fees. I am free to say it was a very doubtful
question, in my judgment; the laws were very
conflicting and confused upon the question.
The district court of the United States for
Iowa, upon a suit brought to recover those
fees for locating land warrants, held that the
registers and receivers were not bound to ac-
count for them, but that they were their indi-
vidual fees and did not go into the maximum
of $3,000. The Supreme Court of the United
States reversed that decision. It had nothing
whatever to do with the compensation for clerk
hire; and if the Commissioner of the Land
Office has recently informed the committee
that there was no occasion to employ clerks at
the Lecompton land office, at the time Colonel
Moore was there, I think he has given that
information without sufficient information on
his own part. Kansas was then being filled
up very rapidly, and mainly by preemption
settlers. Each case had to undergo an adjudi-
cation, and there were very many litigated
cases in Kansas, and the litigated cases re-
quired nearly all the time of the register and
receiver in their examination. Many of those
cases occupied a week of careful investigation,
these men holding a court. Much of their
time was thus occupied ; and the clerks were
necessary to carry on the ordinary business of
the office for the convenience of the settlers.
There is no question about it that they were
compelled, if the business of the Government
was to be carried on at all, to employ clerks.
I did not, when I was in the Land Office, think
that they were sufficiently compensated, nor
do I yet. I do not think this extends to all
the land officers in the United States holding
offices at that time. It would apply to some
portions of Iowa, to some portions of Kansas,
and some portions of Minnesota, where the"
settlements were being made very rapidly un-
der the preemption laws. Where they have
paid out much of the money that they received
for their own compensation for clerk hire, it
seems to me some compensation ought to be
given, and therefore I shall support the prop-
osition to recommit this case.
Mr. POMEROY. When the case shall be
reported from the committee for action I shall
desire to make a very full statement in regard
to this land office. I am perfect!}' familiar with
the whole matter. It was in the county of
Douglas where I lived at that time, and where
nearly every claim was contested. It was an
office of constant litigation. Our men camped
out before the office for months waiting for
their turns. It is one of those cases that rec-
ommends itself more strongly for extra com-
pensation than any case I ever knew, and I
do not know in fact of another one in the State.
The Senator from Oregon says this will be a
precedent for other cases. It is the only one
that has ever come to my knowledge from our
section of the country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
motion in order being that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of
the subject, the Chair will put that motion in
the first instance.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The motion
now is that the report be recommitted to the
Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND OFFICE REPORT FOR EtfllOPE.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the resolution of
the Senate directing them to inquire and report
upon the expediency of printing the last report
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office in the different languages spoken on the
continent of Europe, for distribution at the
Paris Exposition, have had the same under
consideration, and believing that the publica-
tion of that report and accompanying papers in
the leading languages of Europe, and the dis-
tribution of the same at the Paris Exposition,
will promote immigration and the development
of the public lands of the United States^ re-
spectfully recommend that they be printed in
the following languages: five thousand copies
in German, five thousand in French, five thou-
sand in the Swedish, and five thousand for the
use of the Senate of the United States; but
the committee not being informed in regard to
the expense of this printing desire me to move
that the resolution and report be referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CONNESS. There was also, if I re-
member aright, a resolution offered by the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] concern-
ing the printing of some extra copies of the
maps accompanying that report, and I should
like to know whether they are included in this
motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I have simply said "the
reportand accompanying papers." Thoseare
the reports of the surveyors general and the
maps accompanying the report, which the com-
mittee recommend to have printed as well as
the report proper.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring this subject to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF SENATOR FOOT'S WIDOW.
Mr. POLAND submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and
he is hereby, directed to payout of the contingent
fund of the Senate, to Mrs. Mary Foot, widow of
Hon. Solomon Foot, deceased, late a Senator from
the State of Vermont, the amount due the deceased
at the time of his death, for compensation according
to the act of the last session increasing the compen-
sation of members of Congress.
PAYMENT OF SENATOR COLLAMEu's WIDOW.
Mr. POLAND submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and
he is hereby, directed to pay out of tho contingent
fund of the Senate to Mrs. Mary N. Collamer. widow
of Hon. Jacob Collamer, deceased, late a Senator
from the State of Vermont, the amouni of compen-
sation due the deceased at the time of his death ac-
cording to the act of the last session increasing the
compensation of members of Congress.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 472) to authorize the establishment of a
library in the City of Washington for the use
of Government employes and other persons;
which was read twice by its title, ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 473) making agricultural and mechanical
college scrip receivable in payment for pre-
emption claims; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
paijien ship-canal.
Mr. SPRAGUE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 149) to extend aid and
facilities to citizens of the United States en-
gaged in the survey of a route for a ship-canal
across the Isthmus of Darien; which was read
twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is as follows:
Revolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and lie is hereby.requested to issue orders to the
senior officers of the Navy at Panama and at Aspin-
wall to aid Dailies from the United States who are
