1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
the sovereign to whom we send on large salaries
the supple-kneed representatives of this Gov-
ernment 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I desire merely to remind
the House of what I believe is the fact, that
the Pope is the only foreign Power that form-
ally recognized the southern confederacy.
Several Members. That is true.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Ver-
mont will allow me to say that he is mistaken
in thai statement.
Mr. MORRILL. What other Power gave
that confederacy recognition ?
Mr. BANKS. I do not say that any other
Power did; but I deny that the Pope did so.
The facts are these: Jeff. Davis wrote to the
Pope, introducing to him some persons; and
the Pope made a reply in which he addressed
Davis by the same title by which he had sub-
scribed himself. I will not be positive; but I
think there is no act on record which shows
that the Roman Government recognized the
southern confederacy in any other way than
this.
Mr. GRINNELL. Did he not express sym-
pathy for the rebel government?
Mr. BANKS. I think not. My belief is the
correspondence will show that he merely ex-
pressed a desire for peace.
_ Mr. STEVENS. What title did he address
him by ?
Mr. BANKS. The same as he signed him-
self.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the correspond-
ence of Mr. King with the Papal Government
in reference to the surrender of Surratt be
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the commit-
tee rise for the purpose of closing this debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill of the
House No. 904, making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic service of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1808,
and had comc to no resolution thereon.
enrolled bill stoned.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled Senate bill No. 09, to pro-
vide for the payment of pensions; when the
Speaker signed the same.
consul ah, etc., appropriation bill again.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate on
the pending section of the consular and diplo-
matic appropriation bill in the Committee of
the Whole, together with all the amendments
thereto, be closed in five minutes after the con-
sideration of the same shall be>resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of considering House
bill No. 904, making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1808, and
for other Qjjrposes.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in the chair.)
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Chairman, as I am
responsible for this debate in having moved
the amendment yesterday, it may perhaps be
proper for m ■> to submit one or two remarks
before the voce is taken I wish to say that in
moving the amendment, 1 was not influenced
by the intolerance of the Papal Government,
although it might add force to the argument
in favor of the discontinuance of our present
mission to that Court. The same objection
might be taken to any further continuance of
our diplomatic relations with Peru on account
of the refusal of funeral rites to a deceased
British minister.
It was on the score of the political insignifi-
cance of the Papal Government that I moved
the amendment. I never could understand
the reason for this mission. There might have
been some ground for it when the Pope ex-
ercised temporal jurisdiction over all of the
Roman States, but he has not any such juris-
diction now, being " sealed up," as I believe
he is, in the city of Rome by the kingdom of
Italy. And if he is confined to the city of
Rome our relations there now are purely spir-
itual and not diplomatic; not political, unless
intended for the benefit of a particular church
and a particular party. And looking at it in this
aspect it would be just as reasonable to send
an embassador to the Court of the Grand Lama
of Thibet, who, perhaps, lias more devotees
than the head of the Court of Rome; or it
might be more sensible to send an embassador
to the little republic of San Marino in Italy,
which remains as an oasis in that great waste,
as I may call it.
I do not know what may be the occupation
of our minister at Rome unless it be of a spir-
itual character. Ho may turn it, perhaps, into
a pastoral life, as I presume he has nothing to
do, and ho may feel tempted to say with the
shepherd in the first Eclogue of Virgil, who
waked the sylvan echoes with bis pipes:
"Et qua) fuit Roman tibi causa videnili?"
I ask what has this Government to do at
Rome? Nothing that I can see.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN stated that under the
order of the House the debate was exhausted.
Mr. Kasson's substitute was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment as amended.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes, 51, noes 48.
So the amendment was agreed*to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For salary of tlic interpreter of legation to J;ipan,
$2,500.
Mr. CHANLER. I move to strike that item
out. The same line of argument that has been
used in regard to the conduct of the Roman
Government applies to that of Japan.
Mr. KASSON. I raise the point of order,
that debate is closed by order of the House on
the entire section.
The CHAIRMAN. By the usage of the
committee each paragraph has been hereto-
fore treated as a section, and the Chair will so
rule unless the committee direct, otherwise.
Mr. KASSON. The chairman of the com-
mittee on Appropriations made his motion in
the form he did for the express purpose of
embracing the whole.
The CHAIRMAN. The custom has been
to treat each paragraph as a section.
Mr. CHANLER. My object in rising is to
draw the attention of the House to the fact
that if they intend to carry out any consistent
plan with regard to their diplomatic relations
with foreign countries they must select those
which are within the pale of a certain system
agreeable to the men who seek to govern this
country. It appears that the Court of Rome
has some system disagreeable to a party con-
nected with this Government; and if the sys-
tem established in Japan is in accordance with
the wishes of these men who are hostile to the
Court of Rome why they are welcome to the
distinction. If, however, these gentlemen have
any principle based upon the system of civili-
zation and of the Christian religion they are
bound, in view of the exclusive, barbarous,
and unchristian system in Japan, for consist-
ency's sake, to exclude from the pale of Ameri-
can diplomacy the whole Japanese Govern-
ment. Hence, to hold communication with
these outside barbarians, even through an inter-
preter, seems to me very inconsistent on the
part of gentlemen who are so very easily out-
raged, as the majority on this floor have just
shown themselves to be, and I think prayers
ought to be offered on their behalf in all the
Presbyterian churches in this country.
Sir, the foreign missionary association of
that church should take this case in hand.
You should be preceded by a Presbyterian
minister at Jeddo before your interpreter is
allowed to speak to barbarians. You should
pass a resolution recognizing and indorsing the
Presbyterian church before you pay the salary
to an interpreter who may be speaking with
that unchristian nation which will not allow
you the right of sepulture, whose people will
cut your throat if you attempt to trade with
them in a certain line, and who will make you
commit hari-kari in a worse way than the gen-
tleman on the committee who introduced the
amendment in relation to the mission at Rome
is doing it. Sir, the meanness-and malignancy
of that proposition will be made so evident that
the question of the possession of the feeling of
Christianity will be solved against the mover of
it. The spirit of American Christianity is tol-
crative. I have no objection so far as I am
personally concerned to your sending a full
mission to Japan. I am very proud of the
representative we have there; but I cannot
understand how a majority of this House can
vote to cut off diplomatic relations with Rome
and then vote to continue them with Japan.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions to this item in this point of view : it pro-
vides for the salary of the interpreter to the
legation of Japan ; but I do not see that this
bill makes any appropriation for this legation
itself. If there is any such appropriation it
has escaped my notice. Either this ought to
be out or the other in.
Mr. KASSON. That, I believe, is provided
for ; 1 cannot find it just at present, and I will
not detain the House to examine it now.
Mr. BANKS. It is probably provided for in
the act of 1850, which originated this legation.
Mr. MAYNARD. My point is, that this
makes no appropriation for that legation, but
merely for the interpreter.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Chanlhii, it was disagreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I find there is an omission
in the bill to provide for the consulate at Que-
bec. I move, therefore, on behalf of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to insert in line
seventy-four, after the words " Prince Edward
Island" the word "Quebec."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. In view of the action already
taken by the committee abolishing the mission
to Rome, I move to insert after the word "Rot-
terdam," in this clause, the word "Rome;"
so that there may be a consul there.
The amendment was agreed to.
>Ir. KASSON. I move to insert, at the
close of line eighty-one the following:
And the salaries of the consuls at Home, Quebec,
and Spczzia shall be respectively $1,500; the salary
of the consul at Spezzia to commenco at the begin-
ning of tho current year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. In order to correspond with
the amendments already made the appropria-
tion should be $429,000. 1 move that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreedlo.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move to insert after line
ninety-nine the following:
No money appropriated by this act shall be applied
to the payment of salary or compensation to any-
diplomatic representative of any grade, or to any
consul or commercial agent of the United States who
is not a citizcn of the United States, native or duly
naturalized ; nor shall any consul or commcrciat
agent not a citizcn of the United States be author-
ized to charge or reccivc fees of any kind for services
as such consul or agent.
I think tho object of this amendment appears
clearly upon its face, and that it needs scarcely
a word of explanation.
It may be said in reference to the appoint-
ment of aliens to these offices of minor grade—
such as consulates and commercial agencies—
that thoy get so little compensation that it is
