1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
by me submitted to any committee of confer-
ence. I might agree to submit a single propo-
sition, a single matter, about which the two
Houses disagreed, that was not important, but
here you submit the whole question. The two
Houses disagree in toto, and it is competent
for this committee of conference to draw an
entirely new bill, covering every principle that
is referred to in the bill from the House or the
amendment put on it by the Senate. I am not
•willing to turn this subject over to any com-
mittee of conference to frame a bill upon which
I can merely say "ay" or "no;" and I trust
that no such impression will go out as that this
Senate will ever agree to submit this whole
subject to a committee of conference to be dealt
with in this way.
1 shall vote to adhere to the amendment
which the Senate has made. I consider that
there is no sort of importance in the original
bill, and for that reason I called the attention
of the Senate to the fourteenth section of the
act passed over the veto of the President on the
10th of July, 1806, which provides for this mil-
itary protection. If the President does not exe-
cute that law, what assurance have you that he
will execute a new law any better?
Mr. COWAN. I desire to ask a question.
Do I understand the Senator from Illinois to
insinuate that the Freedmen's Bureau law is
not properly executed?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do insinuate that in
my judgment it is not properly executed.
Mr. COWAN. Then I would ask the hon^
orable Senator whether his friends have it not
all in their own hands; whether General How-
ard is not a true man, according to his accepta-
tion of that term, and a good Radical?
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. It matters not to me
whether a man is a good Radical or not in the
execution of the duties of his office. I do not
understand that General Howard is left at
liberty to execute this law as it ought to be
executed. I have understood that not long ago,
in the State of Virginia, the murderer of a col-
ored man, when arrested by the military au-
thorities, was, by orders from Washington city,
set free. I have understood that when the
military commander in the States of North
Carolina and South Carolina, in obedience to
this law to protect all persons in their personal
liberty and secure to them equal rights, issued
an order forbidding the whipping and scourg-
ing of colored men all over these States, by
orders from Washington the action of the com-
mander was revoked, at the instance of the
Governor, so called, of South Carolina, who
went from his seat in a rebel Congress at Rich-
mond to preside over this pretended State gov-
ernment set up in South Carolina.
Sir, there was read to the Senate the other
day, by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] evidence that in hundreds of cases
the civil rights bill had been set at naught; but
here is the Freedmen's Bureau bill, an act
creating a bureau in the War Department, pre-
sided over by military officers, established for
the very purpose of protecting colored men in
their rights, which has not been enforced, I say
to the Senator from Pennsylvania, according
to my opinion, so as to afford that adequate
protection to which the colored people are enti-
tled. If it had been we should have been free
from very much of our difficulty.
1 wish to say to the Senate that I attach no
great importance to this bill which came from
the House of Representatives, called the mili-
tary bill. That will be under the control of the
President just as the Freedmen's Bureau is.
The officer whom he will detail, with the rank
of brigadier general, to command in the dis-
tricts lie shall create through the South, will,
I apprehend, be no better than General Howard.
I wish I could think he would be as good. The
trouble is that the officers of the Freedmen's
Bureau are not furnished with the means to
enforce this law.
I did not intend taking up the time of the
Senate in regard to this measure, in the shape
that it is now before us, and I do not know that
I should have risen at all, excopt to enter my
protest against the declaration of the Senator
from Ohio, that this bill is to go to a commit-
tee of conference. It is no use sending it back
to the House of Representatives if that is the
disposition we are going to make of it.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, in what the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] has said
with regard to the failure of the President to
discharge his duties under existing laws I en-
tirely agree. He has touched the case to the
quick. It is impossible not to see that the
great difficulty of the present moment springs
from the bad man who sits in the executive
chair. He is the center of our woes. More
than once before I have reminded you of that
sayingof Catholic Europe, that "All roads lead
to Rome." So now do all roads among us lead
to the President. You can attempt nothing
which does not bring you face to face with
him, precisely as during the rebellion you could
attempt nothing which did not bring you face
to face with Jcffersou Davis. I mention this
now, not to deter you, but for encouragement.
You have already conquered the chief of the
rebellion. I doubt not that you will conquer
his successor also. But this can be done only
by strenuous exertion. It is no argument
against legislation that the President will not
execute it. Let us do our duty, and insist
always that he shall do his.
Therefore I am in favor of some measure
of reconstruction, the best that we can secure ;
the more thorough it is the better it will be
for me. And I ask you to take such steps as
will best accomplish this result. There is a
difference between the two Houses, and at this
stage the customary proceeding is a conference
committee. But the Senator from Illinois is
against any confcrence committee in a case of
such magnitude. To my mind his argument
should be directed against that rule of parlia-
mentary law which provides a conference com-
mittee at this precise stage of parliamentary
proceedings. Let him move to change the
parliamentary law, so that in cases of peculiar
importance the common rule shall cease to be
applicable. Let this be his thesis. But so
long as the Lex Parliamentaria exists I sub-
mit that it is hardly reasonable to resist its
application, especially when the House has
asked a conference committee on a bill of
theirs which you have amended.
There is nothing in reason or practice to
sustain the Senator in his objection so far as I
can see. Practice is in harmony with reason.
If you glance at the memorable measures of
later years, you will find that they all came
through conference committees. Through
that gate they passed. In other words, the
various forces developed by debate and vote
in both Houses were all combined and re-
solved into the final result through a confer-
ence committee. Emancipation, the confisca-
tion of rebel property, the Freedmen's Bureau,
were all obtained in this way. I might mention
other measures hardly less important. I do not
remember that the Senator from Illinois on any
of these occasions objected to the parliamentary
law as inapplicable to matters of such magni-
tude. On the contrary, he acted with his asso-
ciates here and helped place these beneficent
measures in the statute-book. But now he has
grown wiser, and will not allow the conference
committee. He argues most earnestly that the
bill should be discussed in the light of day.
\ ery well; let it be so discussed. It has al-
ready undergone much discussion, by daylight
and by gaslight, too. It may be discussed still
further if you wish to discuss it. Because it
goes to a conference committee there is not
an end to discussion. On the report of that
committee it will be open again to discussion
precisely as on the report of any other com-
mittee. The sessions of all committees are
with closed doors, and a conference committee
is not an exception. But every report must
be in open Senate, where every Senator can be
heard. The Senator from Illinois will have hia
opportunity.
Pardon me, then, if I can see nothing in rea-
son or practice against a conference commit-
tee. This is the proper agency now. This bill
has already been considered by committees of
both Houses; it has passed through all its
proper stages in both Houses, and now, when
the two Houses fail to agree, a conference
committee is the agency supplied by parlia-
mentary law. If I accept it I do little more
than follow precedents and the law.
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
cooperating with the Senator from Illinois,
moves directly that the Senate insist upon its
amendment, and refuse the conference com-
mittee asked by the House. I regret this mo-
tion, simply because it seems calculated to
endanger the bill, while it cuts off all reason-
able chance of further amendment. Do not
forget that, in order to act independent of the
President, so as to avoid a " pocket-veto," you
must complete your work before midnight.
When the hand of that clock points to twelve
the time will be passed within which you can
act with any good expectation of a practical
result; at least so I am informed by those who
have made the calculation of time, which I have
not. The ten days which the Constitution
allows to the President for the consideration
of bills will absorb the remainder of the ses-
sion, so that you will send this measure to
encounter the risk of being " pocketed," with-
out any declaration of reasons by the Presi-
dent. This at least is the risk which you will
run. Only through a conference committee
can this risk be avoided. Any other course
will require too much delay; but delay is fatal.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of my
friend, I will state that I have no doubt that
with moderation on the part of both Houses
this measure can be passed with the assent of
both Houses without any material change
before ten o'clock to-night. There are mem-
bers of the House of Representatives who
desire one or two modifications, so slight that if
the bill be now sent back to them on my motion
so that they can propose amendments to our
amendment, they can soon put our amendment
in a shape perfectly satisfactory to the majority
of the House, and thus the subject-matter can
be disposed of to-day.
I will further state, in explanation of the
remark I made a while ago, that I make my
motion not to throw this bill back to the House
in an offensive sense; that is not the way to
legislate; because it is very easy to excite a
feeling of pride, of esprit du corps, between the
respective Houses; but it is to send this amend-
ment back with our deliberate judgment that it
ought to prevail, and then let them propose
such modifications as are necessary to secure
the assent ol Dfee House to it. My impression
is that if it be sent back thus, it will be passed
by both Houses before ten o'clock to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. Each Senator has such
information as he can gather with regard to
the possible fate of the bill in the other House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have expressed my
hope.
Mr. SUMNER. The information which I
gather is the other way. Should the Senator's
proposition prevail, I fear that the bill will be
lost. But 1 differ from the Senator radically
when he intimates that it needs only "slight"
amendments. With this opinion I can under*
stand that he should Hrge a course which will
cut off such amendments as seem to me essen-
tial.
Mr. President, let me speak frankly of this
measure, which has in it so much of good and
so much of evil. Rarely have good and evil
been mixed on such a scale. Look at the
good and you are full of grateful admiration.
Look at the evil and you are impatient at such
an abandonment of duty. Much is gained, but
much is abandoned. You have done much;
but you have not done enough. You have
left undone things which ought to be done.
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessexden]
was right in asking more. I agree with him.
I ask for more. All the good of the bill can-
not make me forget its evil. It is very defect-
ive. It is horridlydefective. You cannot use
too strong language in characterizing a measure
