122
THE  CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
am in favor of the bill which has been, moved
by the Senator from "Vermont. In saying that
I amagainstthe bill for the admission of Ne-
braska, I do not now intend to argue that
question.. There will, perhaps, be a time for
that? I merely state now why I think we should
fK>t.so swiftly proeeecj to its-consideration.
..-You do not forget, sir, the-great act of yester-
day. By the vote of" this Chamber you have
recorded yourselves in'favor of human rights,
and in favor of the establishment of human
rights toihe ;exteatof yonr ability under the
Constitution. And. now,, sir, a proposition is
before you to set aside human right?, in the
very respect in which you honored them yester-
day.' * You have before you a constitution con-
taining the word "white," You,have before
you a constitution creating a white man's gov-
ernment,that government which Senators over
the way yesterday declared themselves in favor
of. Sir, I am against.any such government,
and I am against the Senate proceeding with
its consideration, especially now when it has
recorded itself in favor of enfranchisement in
the District of Columbia.
I, sir, entreat you not to-day to undo the
good work-of yesterday. Perhaps you do not
forget the story of antiquity of the personage
who unwove at night the web which she had
woven during the day, so that her work never
"proceeded to any end. The Senate of the
united States, I hope, will not imitate that
ancient example. Do not to-day unweave the
web of yesterday, that beautiful web woven for
freedom and human rights.
Against this measure there is another meas-
ure beneficent in its character, which involves
no sacrifice of human rights, which the Sen-
ate may properly consider on this day after it
has recorded itself so .bravely yesterday in fa-
vor of human rights; that is, the proposition
for.a. new bankrupt bill. It is a measure of
beneficence which is to carry tranquillity and
repose into the business of the country. It is
a measure that has been long postponed. You
do no forget that during two sessions it was in
charge of the Senator from Connecticut who
is now in the chair, [Mr. Foster,] and that we
failed to reach a vote upon it. During the
last session it was in the charge of my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] and we failed to reach
a vote. The other House has voted upon it.
It only remains that the Senate should vole
upon it in order to consummate that great work.
I hope, therefore, that the Senate will not
enter upon that measure which has in it nothing
that is good,- nothing but a disastrons exam-
ple to this Republic at this time, but will pro-
ceed with the consideration of a measure which
has in it so much of real advantage.
Mr. WADE. I was in hopes that the merits
of the bill would not be discussed upon a mere
motion to take it up for consideration. I do
not believe that course of proceeding is strictly
in order, because if that were allowed we
might spend a whole day on a motion to take
up a bill. But when the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts undertakes in advance; and out of
order, as I think, to prejudice a measure of
which I am the advocate, I must be allowed a
moment to answer him.
He says there is no merit in the bill, and
therefore it. should not be taken up_, under-
taking himself to prejudge it and to judge for
the whole Senate. In his judgment it is a
bill of 110 merit. Sir, if he were the sole judge
here, I should give it up at once,_ I should
come down very quickly; but he is not the
judge to decide ultimately for this body ; and
this way of dealing with the subject is not
altogether satisfactory to me.
As the Senator has made allusions to anti-
quity, h%will permit me to remind him that
th«re was an ancient saying, that some men
would strain at a gnat and swallow a camel,
and I do not see but that the remark is appli-
cable to him on the present occasion. Why,
sir, on the very objection which the Senator
makes, he is himself committed upon the
merits of this bill to vote for it. No Jesuit
can draw the line of distinction between his
votes on former measures and the vote I ask
him to give for this measure. How was it
when the constitutional amendment was up
last session? ThatSenatorvotedfor.it. Did
that compel a State before coming into the
Union to allow franchise to all citizens indis-
criminately? No, sir, not at all. ' The only
penalty it prescribed for a State which made
discriminations was .that the class whom it
excluded from the franchise s"hould not be
counted in the basis of representation. So it
will be with Nebraska if we pass this bilL
The only difference between the cases is-that
the Senator gave his vote in favor of a rebel
State that now has her representation on this
floor, equally divided between rebellion and
loyalty. He voted that she might .come in. I
allude to Tennessee.
Mr. SUMNEB. Did I vote for that?
Mr. WADE. I believe yon did.
. Mr. SUMNEB. Oh, no.
Mr. WADE. But the principle on which
you did vote would have brought it in neverthe-
less. It is exactly the same question with this
difference, this is a Territory which has always
been loyal, always patriotic, which sent into
the field to fight the battles against rebellion
more troops in proportion to her inhabitants
than perhaps any other State or Territory in
the Union. Small though she was, she was
extremely patriotic, and exerted herself to the
utmost to perform all her duties to the General
Government. And yet, sir, (turning to Mr.
Sumner,) you now raise an objection against
her though you voted for a rebel State. That
is all there is in the case. I hope no such con-
sideration will induce us for one moment to
postpone the consideration of this bill. Let
_us put it upon its merits, and let us do justice
to the Bepresentatives and Senators from these
new States that are waiting here and are com-
pelled to wait here in the performance of their
duty to their constituencies. Let us decide
thoir case, and if it is the judgment of this
body that they are not entitled to seats here,
let their constituents know it that they may
take other steps. My judgment is that no
Territory ever knocked at your doors for ad-.
mission as a State with greater reason to be
successful than does this Territory of Nebraska,
and I think I can show it when the question
comes up properly. There are gentlemen upon
this floor and elsewhere contending that the
little State of Florida, with not so many inhab-
itants as Nebraska, a State scarred all over
with rebellion, must be admitted here and can-
not wait a moment; but when this loyal Terri-
tory of Nebraska with more inhabitants asks
for admission, the Senator from Massachusetts
stands like a lion in the pathway to keep her
out, when really he wants her aid to carry
great measures in the direction that he and I
advocate. I hope the question will not be
postponed.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. President, I do not
propose to go at all into the respective merits
of these bills 011 the question of which shall
first be taken up. I am very decidedly in favor
of a bankrupt law ; I believe that it is a most
wise and beneficial measure, and I believe that
this bill which has passed the House of Rep-
resentatives is a very excellent, wcll-drawu
bill; but I apprehend there may be other gen-
tlemen in the Senate who may differ from me
in that regard. As to the measure that is pro-
posed to 1)0 taken up by the Senator from
Ohio, I am not prepared to say whether I am
in favor of it or not. I have not given it suf-
ficient consideration. I do not put the ques-
tion of precedence between these two bills at
all on the question of their respective merits :
and I apprehend that if we arc to determine
that beforehand, in advance, if that is to be a
preliminary question always, we never shall
know'what to take up. The bankrupt bill was
passed at an earlier period in the House than
the bill of which the Senator from Ohio has
the charge; it came into the Senate earlier.
I gave notice, as I said, last week that I would
call it up on Monday of this week; but having
learned that the honorable Senator from Maine
had given a similar notice in favor of a bill
which was earlier than mine, that had passed
the House earlier and came to the Senate
earlier than the bankrupt bill, I yielded out
of courtesy to him. I waived the notice I had
given to call up this bill as I did not desire to
antagonize with him; but it seems I yielded
altogether more, to courtesy than I was entitle/}
to do. How far, having given a notice of this
sort, entitles a Senator to be allowed to pro-
ceed according to the notice he has given,
especially- after he has once yielded to a prior
notice, is more than my experience here ena-
bles me to say. Certainly if I am not allowed
to proceed with this bill at the present time, I
am not allowed that courtesy which I extended.
It seems to me that the bill I have in charge is
entitled to be first taken np.
Mr. WADE. I barely wish to say, in reply
to the Senator from Vermont, that I have not
antagonized anything to his measure. He says
.that he has given way. I believe he does hot
mean that he has given way to any measure
that I had in charge.
Mr. POLAND. No, but to the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. WADE. I gave way also to him,
because I was exceedingly anxious that the
matter of which he had charge should come
up and be disposed of. Fair notice has Been
given of my intention to present this measure.
The question is fairly before the Senate: which
of the two bills indicated ought t-o be acted on ?
I do not wish to take any further time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think what the Sena-
tor from Ohio demands now of the Senate is
unusual, perhaps without a precedent, if not
irregular. He says that there is a special
demand of the State of Colorado for admis-
sion 
Mr. WADE. It is not the Colorado bill that
I propose to take up, but the Nebraska bill.
Mr. HENDBICKS. I thought it was the
Colorado bill. At any rate the Senator says
that Territory has a right to admission as a
State. During the last session a bill was passed
for the admission of Colorado, and it received
a veto. When it was insisted by myself that it
was due to the veto and to the subject both
that it should be taken up and disposed of
by the Senate, the Senator from Ohio then,
although the State was here demanding a hear-
ing, demanding admission, was opposed to the
consideration of the veto message; and it was
by his arguments and his influence in the body
that the consideration of the message was post-
poned at that session. Why, I am not able
to say. He now says that a bill introduced
for the admission of Nebraska a day or two ago
imperatively demands the attention of the
Senate; but at the last session he would not
allow a bill for a State that he said "ought to be
admitted to come before the Senate. Why, he
knew; I did not know. He did not explain
to the Senate; it was enough for him to oppose
the consideration of the message.
Mr. WADE. I can very soon relieve the
Senator's mind on that subject if he will allow
me to do so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. WADE. I had very strong apprehen-
sions that if I allowed that measure to come
up it would not pass at that moment. I was
not ready for the battle. That was the reason
I wished to postpone it; not because I did not
desire to have the State in. I supposed the
gentlemen was sagacious enough to apprehend
what the reason was.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am sure the Senator
from Ohio ought to understand that subject
very thoroughly, for he first made a speech to
prove that Colorado ought not to come in at
all, and then he voted that Colorado should
not come in, and afterward ho became the
advocate of her admission, and subsequently,
as the champion of that measure, he would not
allow it to he considered by this body. I am
not undertaking to prove the entire consistency
of the course of the Senator; but I am con-
trasting his course at the last session with re-
gard to the admission of a State, which at the
