1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1568
with such fatal defects. But nobody recognizes
more cordially than myself the good it has.
Pardon me if I do my best to make it better.
This bill is the original House bill for the
military government of the rebel States, re-
vised and amended by the Senate in several
essential particulars. As it came from the
House it was excellent in its general purpose,
but was very imperfect. It was nothing but a
military bill, pro viding protection for our fellow-
citizens in the rebel States. Unquestionably
it was much improved in the Senate. It is easy
to mention its good points, for these are con-
spicuous and seem like so many monuments.
Throughout the bill, in its title, in its pre-
amble, and then again in its body, the States
in question are designated as "rebel States."
I like this designation. It is brief and just.
It seems to justify on the face any measure of
Erecaution or security. It teaches the country
ow these States are to be regarded at least for
the present. It teaches these States how they
are regarded by Congress. " Rebel States !''
I like the Jterm, and I am glad it is repeated.
God grant that the time may come when
this term may be forgotten ; but until then we
must not hesitate to call things by their right
name.
More important still is the declaration in the
preamble that "no legal State governments"
now exist in the enumerated rebel States. This
is a declaration of incalculable value. For a
long time, too long, you have hesitated ; but
at last this point is reached, destined to be
"the initial point" of a just reconstruction.
For a long time, again and again, I have
insisted that those governments are illegal.
Strangely you would not say so. But this bill
fixes this point, which is the starting point of
a true policy. If the existing governments in
the rebel States are " illegal," you have duties
with regard to them which cannot be post-
poned. You cannot stop with this declaration.
You must see that it is carried out in a prac-
tical way. In other words, you must brush
away these illegal governments, the spawn
of presidential usurpation, and supply their
places. The illegal must give way to the legal;
and Congress must supervise and control the
transition. This bill has a special value in the
obligations which it imposes upon you. Let it
find a place in the Btatute-bookand your duties
will be fixed beyond recall.
But there is another point established which
is in itself a prodigious triumph. As I men-
tion it, I cannot conceal my joy. It is the
direct requirement of universal suffrage, with-
out distinctiAi of race or color, in all the con-
stitutions of the rebel States. This is done by
act of Congress, without constitutional amend-
ment. It is a grand and beneficent exercise of
existing powers, for a long time invoked, but
now at last grasped. No rebel State can enjoy
representation in Congress, until it has con-
ferred the suffrage upon all its citizens, and
fixed this right in its constitution. This is the
Magna Charta which you are about to enact.
Since Runnymede, there has been nothing of
greater value to Human Rights.
Add to this enumeration that the bill is in
its general purposes a measure of protection
for loyal fellow-citizens now trodden down by
rebels. The military power is set in motion to
this end, and the whole rebel region is divided
into districts where the strong arm of the sol-
dier is to supply that protection which is asked
in vain from the illegal governments which
have been constituted there.
Look now at the other side and you will see
the defects of this bill. By an amendment of
the Senate the House bill, which was merely a
military bill for protection, has been converted
into a measure of " reconstruction." But it is
reconstruction without any machinery or mo-
tive power. There is no provision for the
initiation of the new governments. There is
no helping hand extended to the loyal people
who may seek to lay anew the foundations of
civil order. They are left to grope in the
dark. This is not right. It is a failure of
duty on the part of Congress, which ought to
preside over the work of reconstruction and
lend its helping hand, by securing Education
and Equal Rights to begin at once, and by
appointing the way and the season in which
good citizens should proceed in creating the
new governments. I cannot forget, also, that
there is no provision by which the freedmen
can be secured a piece of land for them and
their families, which has always seemed to me
important in the work of reconstruction. But
all this, though of the gravest character, is
dwarfed by that other objection which springs
from the toleration of rebels in the copartner-
ship of government. Here has been a strange
oblivion, showing a strange insensibility.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. TBUjMBULL]
agreed that this bill would put the new gov-
ernments in loyal hands. Has he read it?
My precise objection is that it does not put the
government in loyal hands. Look at it care-
fully, and you will see this staring you in the
face at all points. While requiring suffrage for
all without distinction of race or color, it leaves
the machinery and motive power in the hands
of the existing governments, which are con-
ducted by the rebels. Therefore, under this
bill rebels will initiate and conduct the work
of reconstruction, while loyal citizens stand
aside. The present President once said—"For
the rebels back seats 1" This bill says, "For
the loyal citizens back seats!" Nobody is dis-
franchised. There is no traitor red with loyal
blood, who may not play his part and help
found the new government. The bill excepts
from voting only '' such as may be disfranchised
for participation in rebellion." It does not
require that anybody shall be disfranchised, but
leaves this whole question to the existing gov-
ernment, who will, of course, leave the door
wide open.
It is when I look at this feature of the bill
that I cannot condemn it too much. It is true
that the suffrage is given to the colored race;
but their masters are left in power to domi-
neer and even to organize. With their experi-
ence, craft, and determined purpose, there is
too much reason to fear that all your safe-
guards would be overthrown, and the Unionist
would continue the victim of rebel power.
This must not be. And you must interfere in
advance to prevent it. 1 ou must exercise a
just authority in disfranchising dangerous men.
On this point there must be no uncertainty—
no "perhaps." It is not enough to say that
rebels may be disfranchised. You must say
that they must be disfranchised. Without this
you surrender everything to them.
Such a surrender Congress must not make.
Therefore, do I rejoice with my whole heart
that the House of Representatives has given
to the Senate the opportunity of reconsider-
ing its action and taking the proper steps for
amending the bill. The new governments
must be on a loyal basis. Loyal people must
be protected against rebels. Here I take my
stand. I plead for those good people, who
have suffered as people never suffered before.
I appeal to you as Senators not to miss this
precious opportunity. Take care that this bill
is amended, so that it may be the fountain
of peace and not the engine of discord and
oppression.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts now for the first time in the Senate
has stated his opposition to this bill. It has
been ably discussed in each House, but up to
this time the opposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts had not been stated.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to correct the
Senator there. The Senator was not here when
at two o'clock in the morning I denounced this
amendment in the way which I have to-day,
and much more severely. >■
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, perhaps, past midnight two nights
ago, expressed his decided opposition to the
Blaine amendment; but it must be remem-
bered that since then this substitute was intro-
duced after careful consideration by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, as well as others, he
contented himself with remaining in his seat
in silence, without expressing the least oppo-
sition to it. It may not be improper for me to
say that at an early hour he left and went home,
leaving the friends of the measure to pass it
without his vote and ignorant of his opposition,
at least from any expression of his in the Sen-
j ate. Now, ho now states that the ground of
his opposition is that the bill does not disfran-
chise the whole rebel population of the southern
States.
j Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
I take no such ground. I say it does not pro-
vide proper safeguards against the rebel popu-
lation. I have not opened the question to what
extent the disfranchisement should go.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has charac-
terized this bill as a horrid bill, and the reason
assigned is that it turns the loyal people over
to the care and custody of the disloyal. Now,
sir, this proposition, for the first time, places
the ballot in the hands of the whole negro
population of the southern States. It gives
them the power to go to the polls and exercise
the elective franchise for their own protection.
Now, for the first time, there is an opportunity
•to carry out the doctrine which the Senator
from Massachusetts has so often and so elo-
quently proclaimed here, "Give me the ballot
and I will be satisfied; the ballot is the begin-
ning and the end, the alpha and the omega of
the whole theory of reconstruction." How
long did we hear him declaim about the ballot
at the last session? Now he has the opportu-
nity to give the ballot to every male negro
above the age of twenty-one years and to put
him on a footing of equality with his former
master.
Here is a bill that cripples him by no restric-
tion, that requires no educational qualification,
that does not tie his hands on account of past
ignorance, but gives him that great power
which the Senator has so often demanded for
him. The Senator is not satisfied when this is
done by the unanimous vote of his political
friends in the Senate, every voice concurring ;
and that, too, when it is supported by military
law, backed by the proposition that until the
people of these States shall themselves arm
the negro with political power they shall not
be represented here. The Senator says that is
not sufficient. Although in many southern
States the negroes are in the majority, and if
they have the intelligence and the vigor and
the firmness of the white men they can vote
down the white men; the Senator says he is
not satisfied with that. Now, what is asked?
What was asked in the House of Representa-
tives? That we shall disfranchise the white
population and leave only the negroes and the
few loyal white people there are in the southern
States to vote. If that is the proposition, let
us meet it boldly and manfully. Sir, the peo-
ple of Ohio I know do not demand such a prop-
osition. All they ask is that the negro shall
be protected in all his natural rights, and, as
the highest means of protection, that he shall
be secured the ballot. And, sir, no proposi-
tion can ever pass this Congress, and no bill
can ever be sanctioned by the American peo-
ple which will disfranchise the white popula-
tion of the southern States, with very few ex-
ceptions, and place the power of ten States in
the hands of ignorant, emancipated freedmen.
We want neither black nor white oligarchies.
Our people are willing to protect the freedmen,
to secure them with military power, to give them
money for temporary relief, to arm them with
the ballot, to do everything that is necessary
for their protection; but we are not willing to
establish in this country ten States in which all
the white people are disfranchised, and only
the black can vote. When I say all, I mean
practically all, because we know very well that
there are comparatively few white men in the
southern States who have not been complicated
more or less in this rebellion; and when you
attempt to draw a line between wliite men,
when you say that one class of white men may
vote and another shall be excluded, you will
find yourself involved in perpetual difficulty.
It is impossible to draw any such line. There
