1.866.
Mm CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBE.
time he said ought to be admitted, "with the
urgency with which he demands the consider-
ation of this particular bill now. I suppose he
thinks it is all ready now for a vote. His
proposition in legislation then is, that a bill
. ought to be considered if it can pass, but ought
not to be considered if the mind ofthe body is
against it. I never understood it to be a prin-
ciple in legislation that it.depends on whether
a measure can pass whether it ought to be con-
sidered. I do, not know very much about the
particular ease of Nebraska; but I think the
first bill that ought to be considered here is the
• one that received the veto at the last session.
It . is a very unusual course that a new bill-
should be brought in here and the veto never
considered.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I am in favor
of both these bills, and I desire to give that one
of them precedence which it seems to me ought
to have preference in the nature of the case.
Although I do not profess to be . as well ac-
quainted with the rules of the Senate as the
Senator from Indiana, I cannot see why the
course now proposed is unusual. When the
people of a Territory form a State government,
and adopt a constitution in pursuance-.of an
enabling act, and elect Senators, and-those
Senators present themselves before the Senate
of the United States, it seems to me it is not
only in order, but it has been the custom and
rule of the Senate to proceed immediately to
the consideration of that subject! It is first in
order. It is naturally in order and entitled to
precedence. While I favor the bill of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, I hope he will not insist
upon its precedence to (jiis bill. Here is a State
that has been organized in pursuance of an act
of Congress; it is demanding admission; and
I would say to the Senator from Massachusetts
that it is a State after his own heart. It sends
Republican Senators. It is one of our young
sisters asking admission into this body. I hope
the Senator from Vermont will not press upon
the Senate his bill in preference to this. It is
due to the State of Nebraska, it is due to the
Senators whom she has sent here, that we should
say whether they are entitled to seats on this
floor or not. Common courtesy dictates that
we should consider this question first. There-
fore while I expect to support, and shall do so
most cheerfully, the bill of the Senator from
Vermont, I hope the motion of the Senator from
Ohio will prevail.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I sup-
pose that every consideration of propriety
would be in favor of the Senate taking up the
case of Colorado in preference to a bill relat-
ing to another proposed new State. I find by
the record that the veto of the Colorado bill
was sent to the Senate on the 16th of May last,
and was made the special order for the 21st.
Its consideration, however, went over during
the whole of the remainder of the month of
May, during the whole of the month of June,
and during so much of the month of July as
the Senate remained in session, down to the
28th. That measure remained unacted upon;
it still remains among the files of the Senate,
a subject undisposed of. Now, sir, I repeat
that all considerations of propriety are in favor
of taking up that measure and acting upon
and determining it before we take up a new
case and enter upon a new field of debate. It
is true that this case of Nebraska was consid-
ered just before the adjournment. It eame up
suddenly and unexpectedly within two days of
the adjournment. We were without full or
complete information on the subject. Our
papers were defective; our information was
limited. Under those circumstances we en-
tered upon the consideration and debate of
that question, and the bill passed, but it was
not signed. There are, therefore, two undis-
posed of questions regarding the organization
of new States before the Senate, or liable to be
brought before it. It appears strange indeed
to me, and it will appear strange to others
outside of our Chamber who observe c*r pro-
ceedings, that the Senator from Ohio should
now move to take up the more recent measure,
the later question, in preference to the former
one; and particularly when that older measure
came back to us vetoed by the President of
the United States, thus imposing upon us in a
peculiar manner the duty of its consideration.
The Senator from Ohio suggests that the case
of Colorado was not acted upon at the last ses-
sion, because he apprehended that if the judg-
ment of tihe Senate were then pronounced upon
the application it would be against it; at all
events that it would fail of obtaining the requi-
site constitutional vote of two thirds. Mr.
President, I think, the mo'de of proceeding
which seems to be favored by the Senator from
Ohio is one of very doubtful propriety, that a
measure should be passed upon at one session
of Congress and that at the next session it
should be taken up by a single branch of the
Government and disposed of. I believe we
have a rule that a particular bill which passes
the Senate or House at the first .session of-a
Congress may be taken up at the next session,
the year after, in the other House, voted upon
and passed, so that in point of fact there may
be no assent of both Houses at the same time
to a measure. The assent of one House is
given one year and of the other House and of
the President the next year. There is thus no
concurrent judgment of all the instrumentali-
ties concerned m the enactment of a Taw in
its passage: consent is given one year by one
House and the next year by the other House
and by the President. I think thatpractice,
that rule, is open to much question. That, per-
haps, ought to be debatea hereafter and con-
sidered. It may happen in many cases that a
bill may become a law, put upon your statute-
book, when one branch of the legislative de-
partment is opposed to it at the time of its
enactment, a thing which ought not to be
permitted.
But, sir, how much more objectionable would
be such a course of proceeding as that now
favored by-the Senator from Ohio, a course of
proceeding for which he is responsible more
than any other person to this Senate and to the
country ; and that is that a measure shall be
considered by the President in the performance
of his constitutional duties one year, and then
that it shall be hung up in the legislative de-
partment another whole year, and in the inter-
val to be the subject of popular consideration
and of popular elections in the country, and
then be passed upon at the next session by
only one department of the Government with-
out any action of the President whatever, with-
out hearing him upon the question at the time
when it is to be finally acted upon and disposed
of. We cannot, however, change the course
of action on that subject now. It has taken
place. I only speak of this in order to express
my objection against adopting this policy or
course of action hereafter, and the hope that
we shall amend our course of conduct in this
respect.
I say, then, that these measures undisposed
of are to be brought up, I presume, at this
session for our consideration. I think the
Senate ought to require, ought to demand of
the Senator from Ohio that he shall take these
subjects in the order in which they were in-
troduced, in the order in which they were
considered at the former session. I agree that
there is great force in the remark of the Sena-
tor from Ohio, that those persons who are here
claiming membership in our body are reason-
ably entitled to have their case heard and de-
termined. It was a reasonable claim any day
at the last session after this veto was sent to us;
I believe it is a reasonable claim at this time,
and I for one am ready to vote to take up these
cases in their proper and natural order, in a
reasonable manner, and act upon them ; and if
the Senator from Ohio is able to obtain his two-
thirds vote against my opinion let him have it;
but every consideration demands prompt action.
At present, however, I shall vote against
taking up the Nebraska bill because I think
that the other measure ought to have prece-
dence, and that we ought to insist on its con-
sideration first.
Mr.-WADE. I do not like to be skirmishing
on the outside of this question any longer; but
as gentlemen endeavor to put me in a position
inconsistent with myself, and might, perhaps,
make an impression on the Senate that my
course in regard to these bills needed some
explanation, I shall be pardoned for again tres-
passing on the Senate. To gentlemen who have
been in the Senate all the while, any explana-
tion from me is unnecessary. We expect that
certain gentlemen will resort to all the subter-
fuges that legislation permits to stave off and
get rid of a measure the political bearings jqf
which they do not like. _ That is natural enough;
and I make no objection to it; but who ever
before heard that a Senator at the head o,f a
committee having two or three propositions in
charge had not the right to bring them forward
in the order that the committee directed, or if
they did not direct him, in the order that his
own judgment might dictate? Why is it that
gentlemen on the other side insist that one of
these propositions has the right of priority over
the other? They are against both, I understand.
So far as their votes are concerned, it will make
no difference what is the order in which the
measures are considered.
A word now as to the course of proceeding
at the last session on the Colorado bill. The
Senator from Indiana says that I was incon-
sistent with myself; for I first made an argu-
ment against the admission of Colorado, and
afterward voted for it. That is true; I did
speak against it at first, because upon the data
that I had in my possession at that time I did
not think it was proper that she should be
admitted. The question was comparatively a
new one, and we had not very much light on
the subject. On further consideration, and
after new light had been presented, I became
satisfied that the course which I had taken
was wrong, and that Colorado was really
entitled to admission as a State. I gave my
reasons for both of these opinions, and the
gentleman was perfectly at liberty to take the
one that he thought the most of. I suppose
he thought my first argument was the best; or
at any rate, the light which I thought sufficient
to convince me that I ought to change, did not
convince him. But was there anything wrong
on my part? When the facts and circum-
stances which came before me convinced me
that I had acted without sufficient light, and
on further consideration it became apparent
to me, at all events, that this Territory was
sufficient in inhabitants, that she had all the
elements of self-government, and ought to be
admitted into the Union as a State upon the
same principle that all other Territories had
been since I have been in the Senate, I ask if
I was guilty of any wrong? There is not a
single principle which has been presented in
argument against the admission of Colorado
and Nebraska as States now, that might not
have been urged against almost eveiy other
Territory that has been admitted as a State
since I have had a seat in this body.
I believe now that with the light I had ori-
ginally my first argument was right; and I
think also that on the further light I received
my second position was also right. That is my
judgment, but it is not the judgment of the
Senator from Indiana.
But the Senator says that after the veto mes-
sage of the Colorado bill came in it was not im-
mediately taken ud. Well, sir, the explanation
is very simple. Ihe strength to carry my side
of the question did not seem to be here; 1 did
not think there would be a fair trial then. Now,
my rule is this; I will never be for a measure
unless I think it is right; but even when 1 be-
lieve a measure is right i shall not urge it when
in my judgment it is apparent that the Semue
is not in a condition to give my side a fair
hearing. If that doctrine is wrong, I am wrong.
I would move to-day to postpone this bill, which
I am zealously in favor of, if I believed that
we could not consider it to as much advantage
now as we could a week hence. If there is a
anything wrong in that course of action, I am
willing to submit to correction.
