1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
ocean: Provided, however, That the navigation of the
whole of tho said channel and straits south of tho
forty-ninth parallel of north latitude remain free and
open to both parties."
The matter remained in this condition for a
period of ten years. In the summer of 1850
Congress passed this law :
"An act to provide for carrying into effect the first
article of the treaty between the United States and
her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland, of the loth day of June,
184(1.
" lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, for the purpose of carrying in to effect
tho first article of the treaty between the United
States and her Majesty the Queen of theUnited King-
dom of Ureat Britain and Ireland of the 15th day of
Oune, 1S10, there shall be appointed by the President
ol'tho United States, byandwith the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, a commissioner, and chief astron-
omer and surveyor, to unite with similar officers to
be appointed by herBritannie Majesty'sGovcmment;
and there shall bo appointed by the President an
assistant astronomer and surveyor.
" SkC. 2. And be it further cnacled. That the said
commissioner shall have power to appoint a secre-
tary; and the said chief astronomer and surveyor
shall havo power to appoint a clerk.
" Sec. 3. Andbe it further enaeted, That, for the pur-
pose of carrying into effect tho said first article of the
said treaty, thero be appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the fol-
lowing sums: for the salary of the commissioner, for
one year, $3,000; for thesalary of the secretary, for one
year, S2.000; for the salary of the chief astronomer
and surveyor, for ono year, $3,000; for the salary of
tlie assistant astronomer and surveyor, $1,800; for tho
salary of the clerk, for ono year, $1,200; for provisions,
transportation, and contingencies, £60,000.
"Sec. 4. A nd be it further enaeted. That, until other-
wise provided for by law, the proceedings of tho said
commission shall be limited to the doinarkation of
that part of tho said lino of boundary which forms
the boundary line between Washington Territory
and the British Possessions.
" Sec. 5. And be itfnrther enaeted. That, for tho pur-
pose of aiding in tho domarkation of tho said line,
the President ho authorized, in his discretion, to
direct the employment of such officers, assistants,
and vessels, attached to tho coast survey of theUnited
States, as he may deem necessary or useful."
Ever sinoe tliat day we have had in the
appropriation bill an item for running this
boundary line. T see by the bill at the last ses-
sion the sum appropriated was $13,110; exact,
very nice, and precise, and the only wonder is
that a fraction of a dollar was not included.
Wo have in this bill another item for the same
thing, which has manifestly bg^n fixed with
the same mathematical accuracy. It is for
$28,070.
I find the running of this boundary line, not
a long ono, has called for these appropriations
for the last ten years. Why does it take so
long to run this boundary line? We do not
know what kind of progress is being made.
The provision of the act to which I have alluded
is "until otherwise provided," and I suppose
these commissioners arc to continue running
that line until we otherwise order. I think,
therefore, we had better provide otherwise,
and it is with that view I have moved my amend-
ment.
If there bo any good reason why we should
not strike outthis appropriation let us know it.
I think it is time we should at least have the
facts before the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Our corps of surveyors and
engineers are out in Oregon, and have been for
the past year, and this is asked to pay the
necessary expenses of the Government as re-
quired by law. Whether or not it is all required
for running this boundary line I do not know.
It is a rough country out. there.
Mr. MAYNAllD. Why I thought we were
told that was the most feasible route for a rail-
road from ocean to ocean?
Mr. STEVENS. The railroad route to which
the gentleman refers is somewhat soutli of this
boundary line, in some places two hundred and
in others three hundred miles. That it is the
most feasible route for a railroad from the
waters of the Atlantic to the waters of the Pa-
cific, I say, after careful examination, I have
not the least doubt. That it will become the
great thoroughfare between the waters of the
Atlantic and China I have no doubt whatever.
But, sir, that is not the question now. We
are running the line through that country
which is now inhabited by Indians. How it is
so much has been expended I cannot tell. I
■ do not know how we are running it. There is
no report of what has been done.
I am sorry that we did not get " fifty-four
degrees and forty minutes." I think it is a
shame we did not go up to Vancouver's island;
I am sorry we were compelled to split the
channel of one of the best harbors in the world.
That is one of the errors of the past. It is
now for us to make what wo have available.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to reduce tho sum
to $15,000.
I am satisfied, Mr. Chairman, so long as we
continue to make this appropriation, increas-
ing and doubling it every year, these gentlemen
will have employment from now to 1900.
Mr. MAYNARt). I am willing to make it
the same as that of last year, $18,110. If the
gentleman will modify his amendment in that
way I will accept it.
Mr. MORRILL. I will modify it in that
way.
Mr. STEVENS. As these arc stop1 children
of the Republic, if gentlemen in the center are
unwilling to take charge of them 1 shall not
object.
Mr. DENNY. Mr. Chairman, although I do
not regard Washington Territory as being much
more interested in this question than any other
section of the country, as it is the line between
the United States and British Possessions, it
consequently is a national question. 1 will,
however, say that the work lias progressed very
well, and that it has been so far well executed.
I think this is acknowledged by every one who
has any knowledge of it. I certainly think
the gentleman from Tennessee is mistaken in
his statement, that any Delegate from Wash-
ington Territory asserted that this precise line
was the most practicable route for tho Pacific
railroad; but we do assert that very near to it
is found the best and most practicable route
for a railroad across the continent. I join him
in regretting that wo did not get all up to the
line of fifty-four degrees and forty minutes,
and I think every other American citizen who
has a personal knowledge of the country will
do the same. I am not only sorry that we did
not get it, but think most decidedly we ought
to have it. I hope that the amount callcd for
by this bill will be allowed.
Mr. MORRILL. I modify my amendment
so as to say ;
Provided, That when this sum shall bo oxhausted
no further payments shall mo made or authorized.
Mr. HILL. This seems to be an attempt
to bind future Congresses from further legis*
lation.
Mr. MORRILL. I beg the gentleman to
understand that this applies only to the exec-
utive department. They are in tho habit usu-
ally of going on and acting precisely as if they
had authority to make expenditures when there
has been no appropriation made. If this shall
be made, it will merely preclude the executive
department from going on and involving the
Government in the expense without authority.
Mr. HILL. I am glad of having given the
gentleman an opportunity to make the explana-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will say in regard to
the amendment of the gentleman from Ver-
mont,, I am not particular as to the precise
form nor as to tho amount being a thousand
dollars more or less. We have already appro-
priated for the purpose of running this bound-
ary line $500,000 ; aud certainly the statement
made by the Delegate from Washington Terri-
tory [Mr. Denny] has failed to give us any
adequate reason why this work should be con-
tinued any longer. 1 accept tho amendment of
the gentleman from Vermont, and hope it will
be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by in-
serting in line fourteen, page 2, "Japan" after
"Paraguay." It is to supply an omission in
the printed bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed, and concluded tho read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill:
Provided however, That, tho missions at New Gra-
nada, Bolivia, licuador, Venezuela, Guatemala,
^Nicaragua, Costa Kioa, Honduras, Paraguay, and
Salvador, shall bo filled by consular appointment
for each of tho said States at such point therein as
may bo doomed most convenient for purposes of in-
tercourse with tho said Governments respectively;
and no part of tho appropriation herein mado shall
be applied to tho payment of any agent or minister
of higher grade.
I intended to move to amend by striking out
this, but was prevented. I now offer this prop-
osition, embracing as it does no less than ton
of these States, called by courtesy republics,
but which I hold are under the dominion of
anarchy and chaos.
Mr. KASSON. I make the question of
order that this amendment proposes to change
the provisions of existing law, and therefore
needs further legislation to give it cffect.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have stated my reasons
for moving the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
withdraw it ?
Mr. W1LL1AMS. I do not.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order and rules tho amendment out.
Mr. KASSON. I move that (he bill bo laid
aside, and that the committee take up bill No.
912, the Military Academy appropriation bill.
Mr, RCIIENCK. Before that is done 1
would like to offer an amendment. When we
declined to make an appropriation for the
mission to Rome it was moved, as from the
Committee on Appropriations, to insert a pro-
vision for a consul at Rome, upon the ground
that there was no consul there. I thought it
strange at the time. It seems upon consult-
ing tho Blue Book from which this list is
copied that there is not only a consul but a
vice consul there—Mr. Cushman and Mr.
Brown. I therefore would like to understand
from the Committee on Appropriations whether
the consul and vice consul have been kept at
work there drawing pay without any appro-
priation whatever.
Mr. STEVENS. I presume that this appro-
priation was accidentally omitted in the esti-
mate, as they do not appear in the estimates
upon which we acted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If it be in order, I will
move to go back to tho first section of the bill,
in order to strike out thjs names of the several
States included in my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order if
objection bo made.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object.
Tho bill was then laid aside, to bo reported
to the House.
military academy bill.
The committee then proceeded to tho con-
sideration of bill of the IIousc No. 912, making
appropriations for the support of the Military-
Academy for the year ending June 80, 1808.
By unanimous consent the first reading of
tho bill was dispensed with, and the Clerk pro-
ceeded to read it by clauses for amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I observe somewhat pecu-
liar phraseology in this bill. It is as follows :
Tor additional appropriations for which estimates
wero not made last year.
I desire to ask whether those appropriations,
amounting altogether to quite a large sum, one
being for $7,500, one for $15,000, and so on,
are absolute deficiencies, or whether they are
not appropriations which we should consider ?
Mr. STEVENS. These are not deficiencies;
because last year wo declined to make any ap-
propriation for these purposes, although I
believe the Board of Visitors to tho Military
Academy thought that they were necessary.
I %vould ask tho chairman of tho Military
Committee what information he has in regard
to them'!
Mr. MORRILL. I move_ to strike out all
of them. There is no pressing reason why wo
should make these appropriations; and I hope,
that we shall not go into extravagant appro-
priationp this year.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
