888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
move to strike out all of them, as they have
not yet been read.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, then, to strike out
what has been read, and which is as follows:
For additional appropriations for which estimates
were not made last year:
For enlarging cadet laundry, $5,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. As the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations has appealed to
me upon this*«jibject and has referred to the
fact that these items, or some of them, were
brought to the attention of the House at the
last session of Congress, 1 will make a mo-
ment's explanation.
Some, of these iiems, but not all of them,
are such as were recommended by the Board
of Visitors as necessary appropriations for
improving the condition of the Academy at
West Point. I had the honor to be president
of that board, and thus my attention was at-
tracted to the subject as well as by the com-
munications which I received as chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs. There is
an item "for enlarging cadets' laundry,
$5,000.'' Then there is one, "for furniture
for soldiers' hospital, an item of only $100."
The third is in relation to increasing the sup-
ply of water. These, I believe, were all rec-
ommended by the Board of Visitors. In rela-
tion, too, to the item " for a lire-proof build-
ing, '' it was deemed absolutely necessary for the
preservation of the records and other valuable
property at the Academy.
Mr. MORRILL. I would ask the gentleman
whether this sum of $15,000 will complete the
building, or whether this is but an initiatory
step to further expense?
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not able to answer
the gentleman's question, because I do not
know what kind of building they propose to
put up, and therefore I have no data on which
to determine the amount of appropriation that
may be requisite. I speak only of the general
necessity of such an appropriation. And the
same may be said of the item for a fire-proof
building for a chemical laboratory. That was
deemed to be essentially necessary.
As to the two remaining items, "for a stable
and forage house" and "for a permanent der-
rick on the wharf," I have ho recollection. In
regard to the derrick, it relates to an improve-
ment which has been completed since the time
of which I have been speaking. The most of
these items, therefore, designating them as I
have done, 1 can only answer for as items which,
in the opinion of those who examined the Acad-
emy and the condition of things there, it was
deemed necessary to appropriate for. This is
the only explanation I can make to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Morrill. ] For the rest I must refer him
to the War Department, which made the esti-
mates and asked for the appropriations.
• Mr. MORRILL. I do not understand that
there has been any new information before the
Committee on Appropriations or before the
House. My experience is that when we make
appropriations for improvements, the first step
is really the one that involves all the cost. Hav-
ing commenced the improvements we shall be-
come involved in the expenditure of unknown
sums for each and every item. Some of these
items here which begin with the modest sum
of ten or fifteen thousand dollars will very
probably in the end cost not less than $100,000.
I therefore warn the House against the com-
mencement of these improvements.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Morrill; and upon a division
there were—ayes 50, noes 24; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kass6x
and Mokrill were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
rep orted that there were—ayes 43, noes 54.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed reading the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
following:
For increasing the supply of water, replacing mains,
&e., ©15,000.
I desire to call the attention of the commit-
tee to the fact that these appropriations are for
the beginning of large expenditures, which, I
think, will involve the Government in an ex- •
penditure of not less than five or six hundred
thousand dollars to complete them. Now,
unless we are prepared to go on and complete
these works we should not make these appro-
priations.
Mr. STEVENS. My friend from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] is in the habit of seeing things
very largely; and I do not know but it is a
very good idea. Just think of the idea of the
replacing some old mains to convey water
from a spring costing the Government some
four or five hundred thousand dollars. I
remember the other day we were told by the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] and
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delaso] that
if we passed poor old Armes's bill we would
be letting in a flood of claims to the amount
of $2,000,000,000. Now, upon a fair estimate,
I think it will require only some fifty or a hundred
million dollars.
Mr. MORRILL. Did the gentleman look
beyond the claims for the county of Lancaster?
Mr. STEVENS. I did not look there at
all, for Lancaster has no claims that I know
of. I believe there was an appropriatipn of
§500,000 made in Pennsylvania for some pur-
pose ; and perhaps the member for Lancaster
was too lazy or indifferent to look after his
share, and we may have a claim. But this
habit of making such large exaggerations to
frighten men who have not time to look into
the matter I think ought to be checked.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the
clause I proposed to strike out by reducing
the appropriation from $15,000 to $10,000,
merely for the purpose of saying to the com-
mittee that the remarks I made do not apply
to this item alone, but to the items for an
ice-housc, for fire-proof buildings, for public
offices, and for a chemical laboratory, for
breast-high wall of water battery, for stable
and forage-house, <fcc. I desire to have them
all stricken out. I now withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Morrill ; and upon a division
there were—ayes thirty-six; noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The C lerk read as follows :
For ice-houso and additional stove in servants'
rooms, $7,500.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out that
clause.
Mr. KASSON. I would ask the gentleman
if he does not want the servants to have a
stove ?
Mr. PRICE. One that will cost $7,500?
Mr. KASSON. That is for the ice-house as
well as for the stove.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Morrill ; and upon a division there were—
ayes 43, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Stevens
and Hill were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes thirty-six; noes
not counted.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The CLerk read as follows:
For firo-proof building for public offioes, $15,000.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by striking
out that appropriation. I will merely say that
these things have been asked for for some six
or eight years past, but they have never before
been granted by any committee of this House.
Mr. DRIGGS. • The very reason the gentle-
man assigns for rejecting these items is the
very reason why we should vote for them. It
is not economy to allow public property to go
to waste.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out lines sixty-four and sixty-five, as fol-
lows :
For breast-high wall of water battery, $5,000.
On agreeing to the amendment there were
■—ayes 36, noes 37 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For fire-proof building for chemical laboratory,
$25,000.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
clause just read.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 47, noes 33; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tollers; and appointed Messrs. Stevens and
Morrill.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes forty-nine; noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For stable and forage-house, $10,000.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the clause just read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by add-
ing the following as new sections:
And be it further enacted. That the cadets of the
Military Academy be entitled to the ration now re-
ceived by the acting midshipmen at the Naval Acad-
emy, commencing at the date of the approval of the
law authorizing the same.
And be it further enacted. That hereafter theassist-
ant professor of Spanish shall receive the same pay
and emoluments allowed to the assistant professors
of the Academy.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations
what increase of pay this will give to the
Ca(Je£ f
Mr. STEVENS. Simply one ration, the
same that is now allowed to the midshipmen
in the Naval Academy.
Mr. PIKE. The amendment seems to me
a little obscure, and it may be so to other
members. I would be glad if the gentleman
from Pennsylvania or some member of the
Committee on Appropriations would explain it
a little more fully. I would like to know just
what it means. I suppose it means a little
more money in some shape to these cadets.
Mr. KASSON. This amendment is in
accordance with the recommendation of the
inspector general and the Secretary of War.
In their conjpiunication they ask for some
additional provisions which would involve a
direct increase of pay and which the com-
mittee declined to report. This is only a
proposition to equalize in the matter of rations
the cadets at West Point and the midshipmen
at the Naval Academy. It is supported by the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
and is in accordance with the recommend-
ation of the Secretary of War and the chief
officer in charge of the Military Academy. It
seems to be but a matter of justice and equality.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the gentleman quite
sure that the midshipmen of the Naval Acad-
emy draw rations?
Mr. KASSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. My impression is that
unless the law has been very recently changed,
of which I am not aware, such is not the fact.
Mr. BLAINE. This amendment provides
that the cadets shall be entitled to "the ration
now received by the acting midshipmen at the
Naval Academy;" so that if the midshipmen
do not receive any ration the cadets will re-
ceive none.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the provision for an addi-
tional ration. I do not wish to vote on this
point without a proper understanding of the
question. If I understand the proposition cor-
rectly—and if I do not the gentleman in charge
of the bill will correct me—its effect will be to
give to each cadet at West Point something
like one hundred dollars additional pay. I
believe that is what it means. The question
is whether or not we shall pay to the boys there
$100 additional.^ For my part, without some
further explanation I am not willing to do it.
The ordinary way of raising pay at the other
end of the avenue has been by equalizing it. I
dp not know while I have been in Congress any
direct increase of pay has been made. Some
one is always paid more than another, and then
