1866,
THE eONGRSSSIONAL GLOBE.
is
. It recites that on the 21st day of March, 1864,
Congress passed an act to enable the people of
Nebraska to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, and offered to admit t he!Statre when
so formed into the Union upon.; compliance
with certain conditions therein .specified; and
it appears that the people of Nebraska have
adopted a,constitution which, upon due examin-
ation, is found to conform to the. provisions
and comply vrith the conditions of that act,
andto lie republican in its form'of government,
and that they.. now, ask for admission into the
Union. *, Jt is therefore proposed to enact that
the "constitution arid State government which
ffie people of .Nebraska have formed for them-
selves be and. is, accepted, ratified, and con-
firmed, and that the State of Nebraska shall
be one of the United States of America, and
admitted into the Union upon an equal footing
Tvith'tlie original States in all respects whatso-
ever.. "The State of Nebraska is declared to
be .entitled to all the rights, privileges, grants,
and immunities, and to be subject to all the
conditions and restrictions of-an act entitled
"An act to enable the people of Nebraska to
form a constitution and State government, and
for the admission of such State into the Union
on an equal footing with the original'States,"
approved April 19, 1864.
Mr. BROWN. I desire-to offer an amend-
ment to come in at the end of the bill:
Provided, That this act shall not take effect except
npon the fundamental condition that within the
State there shall be no denial of the elective fran-
chise or of any other right on account of color*or
race, but all p.ersons shall be equal before the law:
and the peo-ple of the Territory shall, by a majority
of the voters thereof, at such places and under such
regulations'as shall be prescribed by the Governor
thereof, declare their assent to this fundamental
condition. The Governor shall transmit to the 1'resi-
dent of the United States an authentic statement of
such assent whenever the same shall be given, upon
the receipt whereof, he shall, by proclamation, an-
nounce the fact, whereupon without any further pro-
ceedings on the part of Congress this act shall take
effect.
Mr. WADE. I do not propose to go into
a lengthy discussion of this subject, but I wish
to make the Senate acquainted with some of
the facts and circumstances relating to Ne-
braska and the condition in which it is at the
present time. It will not take me long to do so.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose the question
now before the Senate is on the amendment.
Mr. WADE. The question is on'the amend-
ment, to be sure, but I suppose what I have to
say will relate as much to the amendment as
to the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not object at all. I
only wanted to know whether the Senator
wished to discuss the amendment as well as
the bill.
Mr. WADE. Only generally. What I have
to say will be as germane to the general bill
as to this particular amendment, but I may as
well say it now. Before, however, I proceed
to consider the subject before us, I am very
anxious to be understood on the question that
arose between the Senator from Massachusetts
and myself.
When the committee on reconstruction, at
the lastsession, brought in their last proposition
to amend the Constitution and to provide for
the readmission of the seceded States, the
labors of that committee I supposed had been
directed to the inquiry upon what conditions
we should permit those States to come back
into the Union. I supposed it was for that
purpose the committee was raised. I sup-
posed they had directed all their inquiries to
that subject, and that they had settled down
upon amendments to the Constitution, which
were to be submitted to the seceded States,
and upon being adopted and complied with by
them in good faith, and being ratified by three
fourths of all the States, would entitle them
to representation in the two Houses.
I supposed it was on that very condition that
we sought to permit them to come back. It
would seem to be an inconsistency to say that
if classes of people were excluded from the
ballot-box they should not be entitled to be
counted in the basis of representation, that is
that political power should be based upon
voters, if we did not mean to leave it in the
power of the States to exclude some classof
people from the ballot-box. The provision
was that where the States excluded any class,
from the right to vote, tbatl class should be
excluded from the basis of representation.
Everybody knew that that was meant, for the
colored men in the southern country, and the
object was to provide thatif the southern States
shut them out. and would not permit them to
vote we would not allow those States to count
those men in malting up the basis upon which
their representation shoujd be apportioned!
And yet the honorable Senator tells us that he
had no idea that anybody was to be excluded.
If so thp provision would have been senseless,
without operation or effect.. If we were not
going to permit the States when in the Union
to exclude anybody from the ballot-box, why
make such a stipulation as that? I cannot
understand it in any other way than that when
three fourths of the States ratified that amend-
ment, and made it a part and parcel of the
Constitution of the United States, the southern
States would then be in such a condition that
they might apply here, and all other things
being equal they would be admitted. Of course
they must send loyal men; they must send men
who can take the oath; but all these con-
ditions being complied with they should be
received. If we did not mean that, I do not
know what we did mean. Why provide for
what should happen on the exclusion of a cer-
tain class from the, ballot-box, if we did not
intend to allow them to be excluded under any
circumstances.
I will say in this connection, as we have
begun to define our positions here, that I think
that proposition was perfectly fair, temperate,
judicious, moderate beyond what the world
had ever seen before under such circumstances;
and if the southern people throw it back defi-
antly in our teeth and will not comply with it,
I am willing to say here that I am for putting
them under, the strong arm of military power,
and ruling them in that way, if it be necessary,
so that they shall make no disturbance in this
Government. If they will take the terms we
offer in a reasonable time I am bound to stand
up to my agreement.
Mr. CRESWELL. How long is a reason-
able time ?
Mr. WADE. When their Legislatures have
met and taken the question into consideration,
or refuse to consider it at all. Certainly we
cannot expect them to reject it until they have
had an opportunity do so.
Mr. CRESWELL. Four or five have re-
jected it already.
Mr. WADE. They are in the last category
I laid down, subject to that rule which I stand
ready here to enforce upon them.
Now, Mr. President, one reason why the
Territory of Nebraska should be very soon
admitted as a State is that the land there is
being taken up by your college scrip, by your
railroad grants, &e. In various ways the land
is being all absorbed, so that if we leave it
a little while longer exposed in this way we
shall not have the power to give to the State
for school purposes and for various other
purposes those grants which we have uni-
formly made to new States on their admis-
sion into the Union. We shall deprive them
of the privilege of receiving these grants and
ourselves of the power to deal with this new
State on the conditions that we have dealt
with every other Territory which has been
admitted as a State. This is one great reason
why we should do this act at once, and permit
them to avail themselves of the same advan-
tages we have always bestowed upon others
in like circumstances.
The next question that generally arises in
considering these subjects is whether the Ter-
ritory applying for admission has a sufficient
amount of population to entitle it to admission
into the Union. As I said here once before,
there has been no uniform rule as to the num-
ber of inhabitants that entitle a Territory to
admission into the Union, Sometimes the
number has been more and sometimes less j
but scarcely ever has it been the fact a
Territory has had enough inhabitants to entitle
it to one "Representative in the Honae;ef Rep-
resentatives, according to" the the^i. ixi^iing
ratio. . I hardly know of any Territory that has
had that number of inhabitants when, U has
applied for admission and has been admitted.
Wet have looked rather to the eapabilvties of
the Territory, ijts means of sustaining a popula-
tion, the facility with which It is filling up'witK
population, what will probably be its conditio^
in a short time. The people of the new State#
and their Representatives generally being iu
harmony with the great interests of the coun-
try, ana ready to. act and vote in accordance
with the principles of progress on which the
American Union is founded for the benefit of.
all, it has not been considered a question of
very great moment to fix the particular num-
ber of their population at the time of admis-
sion into the Union. I know the disparity
which exists between great States like New?
York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio and these new
States whose Representatives are brought into
this body on exactly equal terms. So far as
population is concerned, there is a great and
mighty disparity in the condition of things.
It seems somewhat hard that a small State
should have the same power in this body as a
large one with five or six or eight times its
population; but nevertheless that was one of-
the fundamental principles on which the Gov-
ernment was organized. Nobody has found
fault with it practically. The reason why this
inequality has been submitted to with very
little opposition I have already suggested: the
interests of all harmonize and they act together.
What benefits one benefits the other.
Although the State of Ohio has a population
of about three millions she has no more voice
in this body than a State having one tenth that
population; and yet the Senators of the smaller
State have the same great views of government
and the same great interests to protect, and the
result is that we act in harmony and the dis-
parity is not felt. If we were from different
nations, with different religions to maintain
and different interests to support, this inequal-
ity that exists and ever has existed in the Sen-
ate would be perfectly unbearable. As it is, it
creates no hardship upon anybody. We are
harmonious, we act alike, and all act, I trust,
for the great interests of all.
Now, what is tjie number of inhabitants in
this Territory ? There has been an examina-
tion made by the Bureau of Statistics, and they
make out that it has a population of eighty-
eight thousand five hundred and thirty, and
that was last April.
Mr. GRIMES. What bureau is that?
Mr. WADE. The Bureau of Statistics of
the Treasury Department, who were ordered
to make out, as well as they could, the num-
ber of inhabitants. I have no doubt that that
estimate is much below the mark. They gave
a vote of nine thousand one hundred and tlnrty-
six at the October election. The votes in these
remote Territories, so large in extent, are a
very uncertain guide as to the number of
inhabitants.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Has the Senator the
basis of that calculation? How did the Bu-
reau of Statistics arrive at that result, and on
what information?
Mr. WADE. They were directed, as I un-
derstand, to ascertain the number of inhabit-
ants, as well as they could, in collecting the
taxes there. It was not a census strictly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There was no census
taken.
Mr. WADE. No; I do not claim that. This
is what we derive from the bureau as being their
estimate, from the best guides they had.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As there is no per
capita tax, how did the bureau ascertain 1
Mr. WADE. I do not profess that it is
strictly correct, but it is the best light we can
get from those having the best opportunities of
ascertaining.
