1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1565
we have ever had, may become the law of the
land.
Mi. COWAN. Mr. President, I do not rise
for the purpose of discussing the relative
merits of the several propositions which have
been before the other House and this body; nor
do 1 rise for the purpose of discussing the best
mode by which to attain immediate action ;
but it is for another purpose.
The honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] has stated here publicly in debate
that the Freedmen's Bureau bill has not been
executed, and that the fault lies with the
President, and the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] rises and indorses that
statement, as of course he might be expected
to do. Now, I will read the preamble of the
bill we passed day before yesterday morning,
which the Senator from Massachusetts thinks
expresses a great truth. That preamble says,
"no legal State governments" exist in the
South.
Why, Mr. President, what is a legal State
government? Is it a government cooked up
for a State here in Congress, or is it a govern-
ment that the people of the State make for
themselves? I like a plain answer to a plain
question. Who made these State governments?
The State government of Louisiana was made
by the people of Louisiana under a proclama- i j
tion issued by Mr. Lincoln referring that ques- ,,
tion to them. The question then arose be- ;j
tween Mr. Lincoln and the Senator from >
Massachusetts and others of his school as to j i
whom this question should be referred to as j j
people, or in other words, who are the people, j
Radical gentlemen said the people are all per- !
sons, blacks and whites all together. Mr. Lin-
coln, however, on consulting the lawyers, was
informed that the word " people" had two sig-
nifications, that in its general and ordinary
signification it did mean everybody, whites
and blacks; but that in its technical or politi-
cal meaning it meant the people of a State who
were intrusted with the political power of the
State; and by what law ? By the law of the
State. There is no other law fixing who this
technical class of persons are anywhere exist-
ing. Not even the ingenuity of those who
invent so many things has ever, so far as I
know, discovered any law anywhere except
upon the statute-books of a State to discover
who the people were to whom this question
should be referred. But it seems that to be
guided by the law as it was found on the stat-
ute-books on the part of Mr. Lincoln was an
offense, and it is also an offense on the part
of the present incumbent of the presidential
chair. Mr. Lincoln was guided by the law.
He could make no law; nobody was bound to
obey any law which he might announce if he
had undertaken it. He did not undertake it,
but he took the law as he found it, and he
referred the question to the people of Louisi-
ana—the persons to whom the people of
Louisiana had intrusted the ballot upon their
Statute-book. He directed that that should be
the guide, and by way of precaution he re-
quired that the voter should take an oath of
allegiance to support the Constitution of the
United States.
That is the government of the State of
Louisiana, and that is the government which
the Senators from Illinois and Massachusetts
denounce as illegal, and they propose to make
one here for the people of the State : and yet,
I suppose, after that they will contend that the
object of the Constitution and the formation
of the Union was to preserve the States free,
because that was its real object. It was not
to subordinate them or make their people
serfs, or to take away from them any of their
rights as freemen which they had brought to
this country.
I go on a little further: this preamble states,
and it has been reiterated here upon the floor
of the Senate by the Senator from Illinois that
"no adequate protection for life or property
now exists in the rebel States of Virginia," and
so on, naming the other States; and with a great
deal of parade the Freedmen's Bureau bill has
been referred to, and the civil rights bill also, I
believe, although I am not so certain about
that; and it has been asserted that full provis-
ion had been made for the protection of life
and property, especially to negroes, in the
southern States; but that, by reason of defect-
ive execution, by reason of dereliction on the
part of the President to do his duty, these
laws were not executed. As was said to a man
of no very remarkable veracity once before, a
fictitious character, whom many gentlemen
may remember as Sir John Falstaff, mark how
plain a tale puts all this down, mark how easy
a thing it is to tear out the scaffolding from
under all these measures, and to show, as was
asserted here two or three days ago, that it is
all cooked up for the occasion, all trumped up
to base this extraordinary legislation upon.
It does so happen that members of this body
occasionally desire to see themselves in print
by way of offering resolutions. Nothing is so
common here as to inquire of the President
and of the several Departments in regard to
various matters, and perhaps one third of the
force of the Departments is occupied in making
answers to these queries. On the 8tli day of
January last a resolution was sent from this
body to the President requesting him—
" To inform the Senate if any violations of the act
entitled 'An act to protect all persons in the United
States in their civil rights, and furnish the means of
their vindication,' have come to his knowledge; and
if so, what steps, if any, liavo been taken by him to
enforce the law and punish the offenders."
In reply to that resolution the President says:
Not being cognizant of any cases which came within
the purview of the resolution, in order that the in-
quiry might have thefullest range X referred it to the
heads of the several Executive Departments, whose
reports aro herewith communicated for the informa-
tion of the Senate.
With the exception of the eases mentioned in the
reports of the Secretary of War and the Attorney
General, no violations, real or supposed, of the act to
which the resolution refers have at any time come to
the knowledge of the Executive. The steps taken in
those cases to enforce tholaw appear in thosereports,
The Secretary of War, under date of the 15th
instant, submitted a series of reports from the Gen-
eral commanding tho Armies of the United States,
and other military officers, as to supposed violations
of tho act alluded to in the resolution, with the
request that they should bo referred to the Attorney
General'' for his investigation and report, to the end
that thecases may be designated which are cognizant
by the civil authorities, and such as are cognizant by
military tribunals." I have directed the reference so
to be made.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, Febi-uarvW, 1857.
It will be observed here that the only heads
of Departments who reported that they have
heard of any, either real or supposed, viola-
tions of this law are the Secretary of War and
the Attorney General. Now, I beg the Senate
to listen to this terrible story of outrages in the
South. I especially ask the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] who makes most
fuss about these things? I believe he has
repeatedly, over and over again, treated the
Senate to anonymous letters on this subject;
and the other Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] has a little book in which he has a
catalogue of enormities that would have sunk
Sodom and Gomorrah; he has them all ticketed
down. Now, I beg the attention of these hon-
orable Senators first, and of all others in the
second place, and, as I said before, mark how
plain a tale will put you down; mark where
your preamble goes ; see where the scaffolding
upon which you set these measures goes. If
there are violations of the law the officers of
the Freedmen's Bureau are there to see to
them. That was the purpose for which the
bureau was constructed; that was the purpose
for which the law was passed creating it; that
was the argument upon which its passage was
compelled through this body and the other
House ; and it has been in the hands of men
unquestionably as much devoted to the domi-
nant party in this body as any men to be found
in the Army. Nobody that I know of has ever
complained of the action of a single agent of the
Freedmen's Bureau on the ground of his neg-
lect of what the Radical majority here sup-
posed ought to have been his duty. Nobouy
ever heard of such a thing as that. These
men ftre scattered broadcast all over the South.
I believe the other day the Senator from
Michigan stated that there were fifteen hundred
murders. Was it in Texas alone or all over
the South?
Mr. HOWARD. In Texas.
Mr. COWAN. Fifteen hundred murders in
Texas alone!
Mr. HOWARD. And permit me to say
further that the gentleman who gave me this
information says there are some tracts of coun-
try three hundred miles in extent which the foot
of no agent of the F reedmen's Bureau ever trod.
Mr. COWAN. Well, it is exceedingly strange
to me if it is so dangerous a place that the
foot of a negro ever trod it. It seems to
me he would have trod out of it pretty quick
if there were fifteen hundred murdered there
last year. I rather think the gentleman who
gave tho Senator his information must have
been reading Dr. Livingstone's last book. He
did find a country in Africa three or four hun-
dred square miles in extent, altogether devas-
tated and as many perhaps as fifteen hundred
bodies lying there, because he says sometimes
the stench almost prevented their proceeding ;
sometimes he found them floating in gangs in
the river.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Let me ask my hon-
orable friend a question, as I know he is always
very particular in these matters. I hold that
murder is not the greatest crime in this world,
and I want to ask 
Mr. COWAN. Oh, do not let ua go into a
disquisition on the criminal law.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I want to ask the Sen-
ator if he can tell me how many divorces there
have been in Massachusetts, New Hampshire,
and Connecticut in the last twelve months?
[Laughter.]
Mr. COWAN. If these outrages as charged
were true, if there were fifteen hundred mur-
ders in Texas, if dead men's bodies lay around
" Thick as autumnal leaves
That strew the brooks in Vallambrosa"—
As the little book of the Senatorfrom Massachu-
setts would incline you to believe, I should like
to know why it is that all the roads lead to Rome
as the other Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] says, all roads lead to Rome and nulla
retrorsum vestigia, no tracks backward. All
the information of this kind comes to the Sen-
ators from Massachusetts. Why is that ? You
see no tracks leading backward out of that
cave. Nobody else can ever give this inform-
ation. Here are the heads of Departments;
here are the officers specially appointed to
receive information of that kind, and they know
nothing of it. Here is the answer of the Sec-
retary of War. I suppose that his patriotism
will not be impugned at least upon this side of
the House. 1 suppose it will not be pretended
that he has taken the whitewash brush in hand.
I do not think any man who knows his charac-
ter will ever suspect him of attempting any
artistic feats of that kind. He will neither
paint portraits nor rouge complexions I should
say. Here is his report:
War Depabtmekt,
Washington City, February 18,1867.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of Senate resolution of Jonuary 8, 1807, requesting
the President to inform the Senate "if any viola-
tions of the act of Congress entitled 'An act to pro-
tect all persons in the United States in their civil
rights, and furnish the means of their vindication,'
have come to his knowledge; and if so, what steps,
if any, have been taken by him to enforce the law
and punish the offenders,together with a report of
the Attorney General on the construction of the act
referred to, which papers were referred to me by you
for report on tho 23d of January. In answer to said
reference I have the honor to report.: first, that in
relation to the steps taken by this Department to
enforce the act of Congress referred to in tbesaidres-
olution—
I beg the attention of the Senator from Illi-
nois to this, that Mr. Stanton informs the
President of what steps have been taken to
enforce this law, and not that the President
dictates to him or to anybody else how it
shall be done. Anybody, however, desirous
of knowing the truth, and anybody desirous of
not misrepresenting the first officer of the
Republic, might have supposed that to be the
