890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
is bo foreign country contiguous ; and the bill
18 so framed as to give permits only to those
vessels where no smuggling can be committed.
It could not be extended to the other lakes
■without repealing substantially the previous
act prohibiting smuggling.
'Mr. SPALDING. It has a bearing upon
vessels going up through the Welland canal
to Lake Michigan.
Mr. ELIOT. It is confined in its operations
to vessels that go from port to port on Lake
Michigan.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask the gentleman
if the bill saves the rights of the Government
for the enforcement of penalties which ensued
under the former law in cases where suits have
not been commenced.
Mr. ELIOT. That is the object of the first
amendment to the Senate bill.
Mr. HALE. I understand that under the
former law that was not saved where the suits
had not been commenced at the time of the
passage of the act of last session.
Mr. ELIOT. That is so exactly.
Mr. HALE. The object of this is to save
the forfeiture where the suit had not been com-
menced the same as if it had been.
Mr. ELIOT. That is so.
The amendments reported by the committee
were agreed to.
The bill was'then ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, and under the law referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House five thousand extra copies of the report of the
Secretary of War in relation to the improvement of
the navigation of the Upper Mississippi and its trib-
utaries.
ALMANSON EATON.
On motion of Mr. DONNELLY, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Public Lands
were discharged from the further consideration
of bill of the House No. 887, for the relief of
Almanson Eaton, receiver of public moneys for
the district of lands subject to sale at Stevens's
Point, Wisconsin ; and the same was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was so referred ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IiUCAS COUNTY, IOWA.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Lucas county,
Iowa; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HALE. I now insist on the regular
order of business.
CONSULAR AND DTPL0MATIC BILL,
_ The House resumed the consideration of the
bill reported yesterday from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
services of the Government for the year ending
June oO, 1868, the pending question being
upon the amendments reported by the com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. Those amendments upon
which separate votes are not demanded will be
considered as agreed to.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded a separate vote
on the amendments in regard to the missions
to Portugal and Rome.
The other amendments reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
were agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment in reference to the mission to Portugal.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded the yeas and
nays; and called for tellers on the yeas and
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The next amendment upon which a separate
vote was demanded in relation to the mission
to Rome, was in line eleven, to strike out the
word " Rome," and to add at the end of line
fifteen the following:
And no money hereby or otherwise appropriated
shall be paid for the support of an American legation
at Borne from or after the 30th day of June, 1867.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment and there were—ayes 82, noes 18.
So lh« amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of amendments reported
from the Committee of the Whole to House
bill No. 912, making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year
ending June 30, 1868, upon which the previ-
ous question has been ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. There were two amend-
ments made by the Committee of the Whole
upon which I desire separate votes. I refer
to the amendments striking out the following
clauses:
For fire-proof building for chemical laboratory,
$25,000.
For stable and forage house, $10,000.
The first question upon which a separate vote
was asked was upon agreeing to the amendment
of the Committee of the Whole striking out the
appropriation for the chemical laboratory; and
being taken, upon a division, there were—ayes
60, noes 38.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next question upon which a separate vote
was asked was upon the amendment to strike
out the appropriation for stable and forage
house.
Mr. STEVENS. I will not insist upon a
separate vote upon that amendment; but will
let the question be taken upon all the amend-
ments reported from the Committee of the
Whole.
The amendments of the Committee of the
Whole were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMNESTY SUFFRAGE IN TERRITORIES.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I am instructed by
the Committee on Enrolled Bills, which com-
mittee are authorized to report at any time, to
report for consideration at this time, the pre-
amble and resolution which I send to the Clerk's
desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas thebillto repeal section thirteen of an act
to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and rebel-
lion, to seize and confiscate the property of rebel;:, and
for other purposes, approved July 17,1862, and thebill
to regulate the elective franchise in the Territories of
the United States, were severally passed by both
Houses at the present session of Congress, and have
been reported by the Committee on Enrolled Bills
to have been presented to the President of the United
states, the former on the 9th and the latter on the
12th instant; and whereas the President has failed to
■notify the House that he has signed the same, and
has also failed to return the same to the House of
Representatives, in which they originated, with his
obj ections; and whereas by section seven, article one,
of the Constitution of the United States the said bills
have now become laws; and whereas the same have
not been published as laws of the United States:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Stato be directed
to inform the House whether the said laws have been
filed in Ms Department.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. _ This, I think, is
the first instance in the history of this Govern-
ment  
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a point of order. I
would inquire of the Chair in what manner
this resolution has come before the House.
The SPEAKER. It is reported by the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Teowbridce]
from the Committee on Enrolled Bills, which
is authorized to report at any time.
Mr. FINCK. That means enrolled bills and
joint resolutions.
The SPEAKER. On page 80 of the Digest,
the gentleman will find the rule which author-
izes that cofamittee to report at any time.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, I submit the
question of order that that rule will not allow
the Committee on Enrolled Bills to report ori-
ginal resolutions; it only allows them to report
enrolled bills and enrolled joint resolutions,
not an original resolution upon some other
subject. This resolution is in regard to the
passage of some law in regard to the Consti-
tution of the United States, and in regard to
the duties of the Secretary of State. 1 object
to the resolution as not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule.
The Clerk read as follows :
"It shall be in orderfortheCoinmitteeonEnrolled
Bills to report at any time."—Rule 101.
The SPEAKER. There is no qualification
nor limitation ; they are authorized " to report
at any time." This resolution is in relation to
enrolled bills submitted by them to the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. SPALDING. Have they the right to
report an original bill at any time?
The SPEAKER. They have the right " to
report at any time." The Chair cannot limit
their report on any proper subject any more
than any other committee.
Mr. FINCK. I admit that they have the
right to report at any time. My point is, that
they have no right to report anything but en-
rolled bills and enrolled joint resolutions.
The SPEAKER. This matter has been
referred to that committee by the House.
Bills passed by both branches of Congress are
submitted, as the rules require, to the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, and they report when
they submitted them to the President of the
United States for his signature. The commit-
tee report that they have submitted certain
bills to the President, that they have not been
returned by the President, nor have they been
published officially among the laws.
The Clerk will read from the ninth joint rule
of the two Houses.
The Clerk read as follows:
" lhe said committee shall report the day of
presentation to the President: which time shall
also bo carefully entered on the Journal of each
House."—November 13,1794.
Mr. FINCK. Have not the committee
already reported the fact that they did present
these bills to the President for his signature ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no doubt
that they have so reported, and this resolution
appears to grow out of the duties devolved on
them. The Chair rules that they have the right
to report at any time upon any matter growing
out of the business referred to them.
Mr. FINCK. Have I a right to take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. • Certainly : the gentleman
has that right.
_ Mr. FINCK. Then I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall the
decision of the_ Chair stand as the judgment of
the House?
