1568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
nocted with or as being the cause of their present
condition, and they do not hesitate to improve every
op:>oitunity to inflict injuries upon him in order,
seomingly, to punish him for this. This feeling
exists to a certain extent and is often manifested in
their courts. I might illustrate it by stating what I
know to he true, that since the establishment ot the
provisional government in Texas the grand juries
throughout the State have found upward of five
hundred indictments for murder against disloyal
men, and yet in not a singlecase_ has there been a
conviction, while in one judicial district, embracing
seven counties, adjoining Travis county, the judge,
in making to the Governor his report of the last ses-
sion of court held by him, _ stated t-hat._ fourteen
negroes had been tried within his jurisdiction for
various slight offenses; that the fourteen had all
been convicted and sentenced to various terms in
the Stato prison. And to show you the manner in
which justice is meted out in their courts toward
the freedmen, one was tried andeonvicted of stealing
one bushel of sweet potatoes and sentenced to the
penitentiary for two years. Another for stealing an
equally small amount was sentenced for the same
period. Then to show you their hostility further, it
13 of weekly if not of daily occurrence that freedmen
are murdered. Their bodies are found_ in different
parts of the country, and sometimes it is not known
who the perpetrators are; but when that is known
no action is taken against them. I believe a white
man has never been hung for murder in Texas,
although it is the law. Cases have occurred of white
men meeting freedmen they never saw before, and
murdering them merely from this feeling of hostility
to them as aclass."
That is the testimony of Major General
George A. Custer.
Mr. DOOL1TTLB. Does he swear that he
ever saw one man murdered?
Mr. WILLIAMS. He says he knows what
he states to be true.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He does not swear that
he saw a single one murdered, i
Mr. WILLIAMS. I simply refer to this as
a specimen of the evidence taken by the com-
mittee to which I referred ; and since this dis-
cussion has been progressing in this body I
have received from an appointee of Andrew
Johnson in the State of Texas a letter stating
that murder was so common there that it was
barely the subject of ordinary comment, and
giving an account of atrocities perpetrated
upon black people which decency forbids me
to mention.
Mr. FOWLER. My information from the
southern States is precisely the same as that
stated by the Senator from Oregon. I do not
intend to present any letters, but simply to
refer to a fact to show the value of a letter that
■was read in this Chamber a few weeks ago and
has been alluded to again to-day. I will take
but a few moments, as I know time is precious
and the Senate is anxious to come to a vote.
The letter to which I allude is one that made
some charges against Governor Hamilton. The
facts I am about to state I have learned from
other sources, and I believe they can be sub-
stantiated by oral testimony.
The first case Governor Hamilton ever had
in the State of Alabama after his admission to
the bar was a case in which he sued for the
liberty of five negro children who were about
to be carried away by their own father and sold
into slavery. He recovered their freedom, and
the mother of those children bound two of
them to him, which he took to Texas with the
record of the court. A female child at the
age of sixteen went into voluntary slavery
to another citizen of Texas under a statute
of that State; the other remained with Gov-
ernor Hamilton until the commencement of
the war, when he gave him $150 in gold and
two mules and told him to make the best
use he could of them. This shows the value
of the letter which was read here the other day,
at any rate so far as its reference to Governor
Hamilton was concerned. I do not know the
facts which I have stated; but I am assured
by persons who do know, and by Governor
Hamilton himself, that this is the ground for
the charge which has been made against him,
and I believe the statements I have made can
be sustained by sworn testimony; and the only
objection that could be made to the witnesses
is that they have been and are yet Union men.
I do not read letters to the Senate, and never
expect to do so, and this incident shows the
value to be attached to many of them.
According to the argument of the Senator
from Illinois, the military protection which
this bill provides for is already directed to be
extended by a firmer law. Then there is noth-
ing of importance in the bill but the fifth sec-
tion. The State of Tennessee has disfranchised
the rebel portion of her population. I agree
with the position my State has taken on that
subject, and believe it is right. I believe the
safety of the Union people there as well as the
safety of the nation required it. If that class
of people ought to vote in the southern States,
they ought to vote whether the negro popula-
tion be enfranchised or not. The fact that the
negroes are not yet enfranchised ought not
to interfere with their right. Then why not
meet these people, with their State govern-
ments as they are, with this simple proposition,
" Enfranchise your negro population and your
States may remain?" I see no real difference
between that proposition and the proposition
made here generally by those who advocate
this bill. That is the sum and substance of
the argument adduced here on this subject.
It is not mine; on the contrary, I believe that
a certain portion of the rebel population of
those States may be disfranchised; and so far
from those States being in a condition of tran-
quility and peace and an example of good
order, I believe protection is absolutely needed
for life and property, not only by the loyal
white people, but by the freedmen in all those
States.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, viola-
tions of law and order will occur in every
community, however old and well organized.
Every one who is acquainted with the history
of human society must know that, and yet I
sit here day after day and hear paraded before
the Senate of the United States individual and
special cases of the violation of law by a white
man against a negro; but the same eloquent,
impassioned gentlemen never rise to tell us of
any violation of law or order by negroes against
white men. These gentlemen tell us what they
receive by letters; and I rise now to tell you
an incident in my own personal history and
observation.
When I was a young man I was a lawyer and
practiced at the bar. On one occasion a negro
man was arraigned for the murder of a white
man. I was not in the court-house at the time,
but the humane spirit of our law assigns to the
humblest, white or black, the choice of an
attorney to defend him in a court of law charged
with crime. When that negro man was asked
if he had an attorney his answer was no. He
was asked, "Who will you have?" He se-
lected the humble individual that now addresses
the Chair. A messenger was sent to my office
for me. I was inclined not to undertake the
defense, because I had seen from the public
papers in my immediate neighborhood that he
was guilty and had justly forfeited his life. I
asked the court to excuse me. The judge said,
" The prisoner is poor and humble; he cannot
afford to pay counsel; he desires you to defend
him, and the court asks you to defend him."
I still declined. The court said to me with the
mandatory voice of the law, "Defend him."
I accepted the trust, and retired to my office
and prepared to fulfill it. For two days that
poor negro man was on his trial for murder,
willful, deliberate murder, because the man
whom he had murdered had a warrant in his
pocket to arrest the negro, and seizing his op-
portunity, concealed in his h use, from the
garret of his humble habitation he shot that
man dead. I went into court with such a case
as that and for two days defended him, and
for four hours addressed the jury in defense
of that poor, humble negro, and what was the
consequence? In the clemency of a jury in a
slave-holding State he was acquitted and went
free upon society.
Sir, no such cases as this are presented
here; but if a negro happens to be killed in a
southern State, it matters not how many white
men he may have killed, his case is paraded
here, and not only are authenticated cases
presented, hut anonymous letters are read in
the face of the Senate of the United States, and
you are invoked by measures of this kind to
visit upon millions of white people vengeance
because perhaps a negro has been wronged or
injured. If one of your own race has suffered
injury and wrong you hear nothing of it.
Sir, where am I ? What is the duty of the
hour? A great, superior race is engaged in
the Senate of the United States to-day, not in
those great legislative enactments that ought
to concenter and concentrate the thoughts of
American statesmen upon great public and
political interests, but in the consideration of
the question whether or not some negro has
suffered wrong in some State. When a nation's
fate hangs upon your deliberations to-day, when
constitutional liberty is involved in the decision
of the passing hour, we, as American states-
men, are invited to stand aside and listen to
some miserable, petty story sent here to us
about a negro having been dealt wrongfully
with in some other section of our country.
Had I the eloquence of a Demosthenes to
implore the gods and goddesses to listen while
I spoke ; could I command the utterances of
a Burke or a Pitt to call back the attention
of the American Senate from the considera-
tion of such questions as these to the great
questions now devolved upon them by the po-
litical events through which we are passing, I
would implore you, I would beseech you to
quit the consideration of all these frivolous
subjects, and turn and see whether an empire's
destiny does not hang upon your words. What-
ever others may think, I consider that not only
the present hopes of this country for the pres-
ervation of constitutional liberty, but the des-
tiny of my race and the hopes of mankind
now and for all time are in your hands ; and I
implore you once more cease to think of these
things as the mere party trifles of the hour,
and recollect that humanity throughout all ages
has an interest in your deliberations, and so
act that, when you cease to be, future genera-
tions may pronounce your name blessed; yes,
even the little innocent children of future gen-
erations may decorate your graves with flowers,
betokening their kindness and their apprecia-
tion of you.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to correct one
or two misapprehensions, which I will do in a
few minutes. It will be remembered that the
law known as the Freedmen's Bureau act makes
it the duty of the President "though the Com-
missioner and officers of the bureau, and under
such rules and regulations as the President,
through the Secretary of War shall prescribe,"
to " extend military protection and have mili-
tary jurisdiction over all cases and questions
concerning the free enjoyment of such immuni-
ties and rights," referring to personal liberty,
personal security, the acquisition, enjoyment,
and disposition of estates, real and personal,
by freedmen in the southern States. That is
the law, and it is made the duty of the Presi-
dent to exercise this military jurisdiction and
authority until the States shall have been re-
stored to their constitutional relations in the
Union. Now, what did the President do?
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan]
denied that he knew that the President had not
enforced that law. The law made it his duty
through these military tribunals to afford this
protection till these States were restored and
represented in the Congress of the United
States. On the 20 th day of August last the Presi-
dent issued a proclamation declaring "that the
said insurrection is at an end, and that peace,
order, tranquillity, and civil authority now exist
in and throughout the whole of the United
States of America." Was that executing the
law? The Senator said that General Howard
was Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau,
and that if that law was not carried out it was
his fault, and not the President's. Here is what
General Howard says in his report:
MI have obeyed your orders and instructions, mak-
ing no other objections than those I have made to
yourself and the Secretary of War. Could the Freed-
