892
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
January 31,
be more immediately the guardians of the In-
dians they would be more obedient to that
Department. I think under the circumstances
that would be the best plan that could be
devised.
But it is a f?.ct, and an important fact, that
the reservation system has been introduced
very largely, especially in the States and some
of the Territories. In my own State—I have
to speak more particularly of those portions
which I canvassed in 1865—the Indians that
have been so extremely troublesome and that
have occasioned the Government so much ex-
penditure of money in order to subdue them
and bring .them to peace, are now upon our
reservations and are now living and being sup-
ported by the Government under the reserva-
tion system. Several thousand Indians in the
State are cared for in that way.
I desire to call the attention of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiexck,] who has
introduced a substitute proposing to transfer
this business to the War Department, to this
point. It was said here yesterday that by
transferring this to the War Department the
expense would be very much lessened ; that
the officers now in the military department
would take all the care of the Indians and
superintend all the manual labor, and would
not receive any additional compensation there-
for, and the Government would thus get rid
of employing other superintendents and agents.
Now, let use ask the gentleman from Ohio,
who will have an opportunity to speak on this
subject, to give the House some information
upon it. On those reservations in California
and Nevada which I have visited, and I pre-
sume it is the same elsewhere, the Indians are
placed upon some of the best lands in those
States, not simply for occupancy and residence,
but for cultivation and producing food for
their sustenance and support. There has to be
a superintendent in the State who has more
or less acquaintance with agriculture, and he
must give his attention and his supervision, in
going from reservation to reservation through-
out the State, to these matters as well as to
the distribution of the annuities that are voted
annually to the Indians.
An agent is also placed in the reservation.
There may be five hundred, one thousand, or
fifteen hundred Indians on the reservation.
The reservation is dealt with as a farm is dealt
with, provided these men who have the super-
vision do their duty. In one reservation in
Round valley, California, there were less than
a thousand Indians when I visited it, but they
had raised in the years 1864 and 1865 with
their own hands, assisted by some two or three
. men who arc under pay at the rate of fifty dol-
lars a month, and an agent at $1,800 a year,
full supplies of provisions. They raised some
four thousand bushels of wheat in 1864. They
had a large crop then on the ground. Those
who were examined on the reservation report
that in everything it was carried on like a fcrrn
by a man who understood his business.
Now, sir, these Indians have been producing
everything they needed, so that the Govern-
ment has had to make no purchases of food
nor incur any expense for transportation to the
reservations. I found on every one that 1 vis-
ited, with one exception, that they were pros-
pering. In the exceptional case the Govern-
ment came into possession so late in the year
that they could not get their crops in in Rea-
son. I was told by the agent there that they
would have nearly or quite enough to last them
through the year. But in all the other reser-
vations there was abundance raised by the
Indians for their own support; that the labor-
ers would simply want the agents to superin-
tend and care for them, and they would raise
abundance, for themselves, and those who are
employed by the Government to look after
them.
It is not so favorable in the State of Nevada,
because the reservations there had not been
cared for. But all the information that I could
obtain went to the point that with proper care,
iu the first place furnishing them with tools
and seeds, and in the second place receiving a
proper administration of Indian affairs, the
Indians were ready to go to work and produce
all they would need for their own support. In
my own State it so happened that in thp year
1865 the administration of the Indian depart-
ment was in a very flattering condition. It
was in a far better condition than would have
been found to be the case in other portions of
the Union. It happened to be in a far better
condition than it had been during former years.
As I remarked yesterday, in some of those
years while the Government was making large
appropriations and was exhibiting great benev-
olence there was no beneficence in that benev-
olence, for the simple reason that the Indians
got little or nothing of what the Government
was appropriating.
Now, it is for the reason that the Indian sys-
tem is not properly arranged that this bill has
been introduced by the Committee on Indian
Affairs, in order to see if we cannot bring such
a stringency into the system that it will be
more properly carried ou and the Indian more
fairly dealt with by the agents of the Govern-
ment. It seems to me that if this whole mat-
ter should be turned over to the War Depart-
ment it will result in an increased expenditure;
or at least the same expenditure will be in-
curred in order to care for the Indians and keep
them engaged in agricultural pursuits. The
whole testimony which has been taken goes to
show that there is no more difficulty in obtain-
ing labor from the Indians than there would be
in obtaining labor from so many whites. In
every examination that I made on every reser-
vation the testimony was universally the same:
that there was no difficulty in obtaining labor
from the Indians to raise all that was necessary
from the reservation.
The only thing the Indians want to be assured
of is that they will not be robbed of what they
raise when it is produced from the soil; that
is the only assurance they ask. They make
good laborers on those conditions. If the
Indian can have the grain he raises to make
into bread, can have his vegetables to eat, and
if there is a surplus can be allowed the benefit
of it_ to obtain clothing and other comforts,
that is all he wants; and under that system he
becomes a good laboring man. I saw scores
of them entirely naked, working in the harvest
field as hard as any other laborers would have
worked. They were working there with great
willingness.
The only trouble was that the Government
was charged with not furnishing them with
sufficient clothing. Whether the clothing was
notfurnished by the Government, orif furnished
it by some means failed to reach them, I do
not know. It was ascertained that in some
cases the clothing was furnished by the Gov-
ernment, but never reached the Indians.
Now, if the War Department would relax its
stringent rules so that the men in the military
can become agriculturists, and look after the
Indians with care in that regard; and not only
that, but will also look after the mechanical, the
moral, and intellectual interests of the Indians;
then it would be immaterial to me where the
management was placed. All that I want is
that the Department which shall have the care
of these Indians shall do the best for the In-
dians. It is for that reason that I am in favor
of the bill reported by the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. _ I think if that bill should pass
it will result in a vast improvement upon the
lax system that is now in operation. I think
it would be far better for the Government to
pass this bill and try it at least for a time.
Let us have this supervisory power in the dif-
ferent districts, whose duty it shall be to make
annual examinations, who shall have power to
remove any man whom they may find there
not performing his duty, and who will have
opportunities to find out and prevent frauds,
if any are being practiced there. That can-
not be done under the present system. It
seems to me this bill will be a vast improve-
ment upon the system now existing. Almost
any change would be for the better. 1
I am inclined to the opinion that if we do
not make some improvement in this system
we better give up entirely the reservation sys-
tem, for it is nothing but a mockery now. It
is a notorious fact that with the .system pur-
sued in my own State during the years 1865
and 1866 the reservations might be made self-
supporting.
This was but a man; it was not the system.
We want some one to see that the Indians
receive not only all that the Government has
appropriated for them, but see also that they
have proper care and attentions on their reser-
vations. We must do either one thing or the
other. We must either have more stringency
in the system, which I think this supervisory
board would provide, or we must give up the
reservation system entirely. If the control of
this department goes into the War Department
we must either give up that system, unless we
can have some such board as this who will look
after the Indian, teach him agriculture, and
make him a laborer.
Iask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schesck]
to tell me how, under a military jurisdiction,
you are going to give the Indians that inform-
ation in regard to agriculture and the methods
by which he shall subsist himself.
I will now yield the floor to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck.]
The SPEAKER. For how long?
Mr. HIGBY. For fifteen minutes, if he
wishes all that time; or, sir, I will yield the
floor indefinitely.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not propose to oc-
cupy more than ten or fifteen minutes, and will
afford an opportunity to the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] to move theprevious
question long before the expiration of my hour.
Mr. Speaker, if I comprehend the argument
of the gentleman from California [Mr. Higby]
against the transfer of this Indian Bureau to
the Military Department, it is that we must, in
case of such transfer, abandon the whole sys-
tem of Indian reservations and all attempts to
introduce among them the habits of civilized
life by teaching them to cultivate the soil and
making them, in some degree, self-sustaining.
Now, sir, I see no sucludifficulty in the way.
If the gentleman will look at the bill he will
see that while we propose to transfer this whole
matter to the War Department, we provide
that there shall be detailed officers of the Army
to act as superintendents, agents, and sub-
agents. The duty of such officers, thus acting
as agents and sub-agents, will be precisely
what they are now as provided by law. It is
so provided in the bill.
Now, what is the difficulty the gentleman
foresees? He says that these military gentle-
men who will become agents and sub-agents
will not have a knowledge of agriculture, and
therefore will be unable to direct and instruct
the Indians in the cultivation of their reserva-
tions.
Why, sir, in all human probability, they will
have as much knowledge of agriculture as the
men who now fill these places have. I can say
for myself that I have secured the appointment
of two Indian agents, and one of them was a
physician and the other a lawyer. The men
who get these places are those who have suf-
ficient political influence to secure an appoint-
ment worth $1,500 a year; or, as it will be
under this bill, $1,800. But these agents and
sub-agents have under them farmers and black-
smiths to aid them on the reservation ; and that
system will go on under the War Department
just as it does under the Department of the
Interior. The bureau will be conducted under
the existing law authorizing the employment
of the men needed to aid the superintendent,
whose duties, after all, will be only super-
visory. That, I think, disposes of the whole
objection made by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, and, as it seems to me, the gentleman
must see that no such difficulty can exist. The
gentleman is_ laboring under a misunderstand-
ing in supposing that we propose to wipe out the
present provisions of law. We only propose
that military officers shall take supervisory
