m
THE CONGRESSIONAL €fLOBl.
December 14,
in the constitution now submitted to us. I ask
Senators whether, under these circumstances,
itjs. reasonable and fair to send these people
baok and require an additional condition not
imposed by the enabling act, compelling them
(tp . undergo the expense of again convening
their convention (for thai is the only way in
which they can accept it) to pass upon this
new proposition. . Even if the proposition was
important, it would not bfi fair and right to do
so;" but in my Judgment it is totally, unim-
portant, ajid the provision is one that, these
people , will probably make for themselves in
the. course of time. When this is the case it
aeamg to me a cruel thing to a people so poor
apd young as these are to impose this condi-
tion upon them and keep them out.
. Mr. President, a cursory remark was made
by the Senator from Massachusetts on a sub-
ject to \ifhiph my colleague also alluded, and
which, it s,eems to me, ought to be discussed
more carefully at a future time; but as it is per-
tinent to the discussion of the nature of this
enabling act I may be justified in saying a
word upon it. We made a proposition to the
southern States at the last session of Congress.
It was made aft,er the gravest and fullest con-
sideration probably that any measure ever
received .from any Congress of the United
States. No legislative act of Congress since the
foundation of this Government was surrounded
with more difficult questions than the one we
acted upon at the last session. After long
delate, after considering all the propositions
th.at were made on either side, the Congress
of the United States made to the people of the
southern States a deliberate proposition. We
submitted to them constitutional amendments.
It seeins to me that no one can avoid the irre-
sistible logic that if they accepted those amend-
ments we were bound to carry them out. I
know I voted for those amendments with that
understanding. I felt that I would be bound
by that action. I felt that if they accepted
those amendments they were States in the
Union, entitled to Senators and Representa-
tives precisely like the State of Massachusetts
and the< State of Ohio. I did not dream that
there was any doubt about that, m&tter. And,
sir, let me say to you that if the southern peo-
ple had accepted, or if they do accept, the con-
stitutional amendments, those States are just
as certain to be represented here by Senators
and members as the State of Ohio or the State
of Massachusetts.
I know that my friend from Massachusetts,
and perhaps some other Senators, were dis-
satisfied with the constitutional, amendments.
They did not meet their expectations; they
did not impose the terms ana conditions that
they hoped to impose on the southern people ;
they did not probably meet their sense of duty;
but still, the people of the United States have
felt themselves bound by those terms; and if
the southern people would now accept them,
the people of the United States would haii
their acceptanae as the most joyful event since
the surrender of Lee's army.
I believe now that that proposition made by
Congress contained all that is vital, and all that
is necessary to secure peace and quiet and
harmony in this great country of ours. And,
sir, it seems to me the saddest, the most foolish
act of the southern people for them to reject
the constitutional amendments. I never shall
cease to grieve that the President of the United
States has committed himself against that im-
portant proposition. He never could have done
anything more injurious to the people of the
southern States than his course encouraging
them to refuse to ratify the constitutional
amendments. I read this morning that the
Legislature of Arkansas, in considering these
amendments, among other grounds of objec-
tion, claimed that this Congress which pro-
Eosed them was not the Congress of the United
tates, and took other ground^ similar to those
understood to have been held by the President.
Sir, if the southern people have not yet dis-
covered that this is the Congress of the United
^latest X do not know what will make them
know it. They have been subdued and subju-
gated by acts of Congress and by the armies of
the United States, acting under the authority
of the acts of Congress, and a Congress com-
posed of Senators and Representatives from
those States which are now here represented.
I hope yet that that offer made by the peo-
ple of the United States will be accepted by the
southern States; they will have an opportunity
this winter to do it, their State Legislatures are
convening and acting upon it; but if they do
not accept it, then- what is left for us? We
have either got to be ruled by those people, or
we have got to rule them ; and when that choice
comes, I prefer to rule them. I say that sooner
than allow the States recently in rebellion to
come into these Halls with increased political
power, arrogant and domineering, banishing
loyal people from among them, overriding even
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
denying protection to the people who were true
and loyal during the war, I will keep themout.
If they come in that spirit I will not admit
them. They shall never enter here until they
have entirely changed their tone and manner.
They will drive the people of the northern
States, unwillingly ®s they are, to organize new
governments there, and they will have to sub-
mit to those governments, whether they are
organized upon the black basis or the white
basis or the loyal basis. We have made them
a liberal offer; if they reject it it is their own
fault, not ours. We have made them an offer
which, in the judgment of foreign nations and
in the judgment of our own people, is moderate,
reasonable, and fair.
And allow me to say that when we made
our appeal to the people of the United States
in the recent, elections nothing gave us such
strength as the-moderation of the constitutional
amendment. I never he,ard a man, either on
the stump or in the forum, successfully deny
that it was fair in all its parts and reasonable
in all its terms. We were divided here some-
what upon the terms and conditions, the lan-
guage and phrasSology of the amendment, but
the result of our deliberations was a proposi-
tion which, by the judgment of the American
people, was such a one as we ought to have
made to our brothers who had been in error.
I never heard a Democrat or anybody else who
could controvert it. Indeed, they generally
avoided the issue, They talked about our want
of power to impose it, but they never did and
never would fairly and fully discuss the merits
of the constitutional amendment. We can
stand upon it; we did stand upon it, and went
to our people upon it. Whatever may have
been said in other States, in Ohio it was the
only question. Our Union convention passed
no other resolution except to approve and
ratify the constitutional amendment. Our
party went before the people on that amend-
ment, rejecting all minor issues; and we all
understood, without an exception, that if that
amendment was adopted by the southern peo-
ple it was the end-all and be-all of reconstruc-
tion, and that Senators and Representatives
fron) those States were to be admitted into
Congress; and we all cited, as an evidence of
the intention of Congress 011 that subject, the
actual fact of the admission of the State of
Tennessee, following her adoption of the con-
stitutional amendment. After Tennessee had
adopted the constitutional amendment we set
the example of admitting her promptly. The
people of the State of Ohio, at least, understood
that if any State in the South accepted this
constitutional amendment its Senators and
Representatives should take their seats by our
side. But this is aside from the question be-
fore us, although it grows out of the remarks
made in the course of the debate.
I have said.thatl would restmy vote on this
bill solely upon the fact that Congress had
passed an enabling act, and that the people of
Nebraska had substantially complied with its
terms. It is sometimes said, and it was said
in. the debate at the last session, that at the
first vote the people of Nebraska rejected the
proposition to admit them as a State, If they
did so, and the offer of Congress was with-
drawn, or if, from the nature of things, it was
an offer that had to be accepted or rejected at
once, probably that argument might hold good.
It might be like the offer of an individual in
the making of a contract, and the offer being
rejected might be considered as withdrawn.
But here was a continuing offer standing upon
the statute-book, and these people were allowed
to go on and hold election after election, iBr
volving the admission of the State of Nebraska
without objection, and the power conferred by
Congress was never withdrawn.
It is said that upon the final vote the major-
ity was very small. So it was; but, sir, the
vote was not against the admissionof Nebraska.
That was not simply the question in the recent
election in the Territory of Nebraska. It was
a political controversy growing somewhat out
of the position of the political power. "The
Democrats in Nebraska, many of them, voted
against the admission of Nebraska because they
did not like the present political status of the
Territory of Nebraska. Without going out of
the record I can probably say that I know the
fact that many Democrats in Nebraska desire
the admission of the State on its own merits,
but they desire to have the organization of the
State government themselves, or what is more
potent, many of them desire that the excutive
authority now exercised in the Territory of
Nebraska may be continued, and that they may
have the political power and patronage of the
executive authorities in the Territory of Ne-
braska.
We know very well that in the adoption of
a State government the question merely of the
admission of the State is very rarely the chief
question. The chief question is a question
between parties; and upon this political or par-
tisan question the majority in Nebraska was
very small; but on the question of the admis-
sion of the State of Nebraska into the Union
I have no doubt, from all the information that
I can gather, that four fifths of the people of
Nebraska, without regard to party, are in favor
of it. It is true the Democratic portion of .the
people might desire to have it postponed in the
hope that m the changes of political parties in
this country they would have the organization
of the State government, and they might there-
fore vote against the admission of Nebraska
for the time being; but upon the question of the
formation of a State government in Nebraska
there is no doubt about the sentiment of the
people of Nebraska. Here, then, is an offer
made by Congress and accepted by the people
of Nebraska in the very terms in which it was
made. Now, upon what ground can Senators
refuse to allow this State to take its place here,
aplace that we have tendered to it? They have
elected Seilators and Representatives; they
have gone through the form of a convention ;
they have submitted the action of their legisla-
tive body to the people; the people have rati-
fied that action; here is their constitution,
Republican in form, complying in all respects
with the terms and conditions imposed by you.
Now, how can you refuse their admission? I
say that upon this ground alone I should feel
bound to vote for the admission of Nebraska,
even if I had not voted for the enabling act.
But, sir. it is commonly said that the popu-
lation of Nebraska is not sufficient. Let us
examine that. There is no law fixing the pop-
ulation. The general idea prevails, and prob-
ably it is a correct one in the main, that a new
Territory proposing to be admitted into the
Union ought to have a representative popula-
tion equivalent to what is necessary to cleet
one Representative in Congress; but that rule
has never been enforced. It has been talked
about, but it has never been made a condition.
You did not make it a condition when you
passed the enabling act. You did not require
a census to be taken ; you did not require the
inhabitants to be numbered to ascertain that
fact.. Is it right now to impose that condition ?
Bat, sir, I say to you the evidence is conclu-
sive that Nebraska this day has more popula-
tion than any but three of the States that ever
