1866.
HfEB '■ COMPRESSION AL GLOBE
im
were admitted into this Unite. Tbe-best evi-
dence we have before us is that Nebraska in
April last had something like fifty thousand.
The recent immigration during the last year
•was about thirty-seven thousand. according to
their mod© of computing. Perhaps it is "not
exactly accurate. We cannot tell whether
it was five hundred more w one thousand
less, beeause in a new Territory like that
they cannot accurately count the waves and
mutations in population. But at the election
in Octobeii last, over nine tfrtJUsand one hun-
dred .votes were cast, and nobody could vote
at the election unless he had been a resident
of' the territory six months and established a
residence under the law.
All who went in there during the last sum-
mer—a great mass of people, because it was
observable everywhere that, the population was
turning from the East to the West; the war
was over and people were going there in large
numbers—were excluded, and yet, excluding
the immigration of last summer there were
over nine thousand one hundred voters, indi-
cating a population of at least fifty thousand
upon those voters. But from an actual invest-
igation made by a bateau of the Government
perhaps not friendly to the admission of the
State of Nebraska, made by-a gentleman of
opposing politics, thenew head of that bureau,
made upon statistical information-that enabled
him to arrive substantially at the conclusion
of population, he estimates the population at
eighty-eight thousand. That is more than any
State but three that have ever been admitted
into this Union had at the time of its admis-
sion. I have no doubt they have, more than
that, but we have no official data on which to
place it. But admitting that it is eighty-eight
thousand, admitting that this gentleman's
statements are substantially reliable, let us see i
the population that other States had when
admitted into the Union. Georgia, which was
one of the original States, contained at the
time she came into the Union and finally
agreed to the Constitution, 82,548; Vermont
had 85,539; Kentucky had but 73,077; Tennes-
see had but 77,000; Ohio had but 41,000, and
even upon the basis of representation then she
had not enough for one Representative.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Oh, yes; the basis then
was 37,000^
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps I am mistaken
in that. It has been very much increased
since. Bnt why do Senators talk about the
basis ? There is no law requiring it. You
never made such a law; you never proposed
such a law ; and a majority of the States that
have been admitted recently contained no such
population, as I shall show. Louisiana had
76,000; Indiana had 03,000; Mississippi had
75,000; Illinois had 84,000, which was less even
than the basis in those old times; Missouri
had 60,000: Arkansas had 52,000; Florida
had 54,000; Iowa had 81,000. This table does
not give the population of Kansas, but there
was great controversy at the time of the ad-
mission of Kansas about her population.
Mr. POMEROY. We had 107,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe Minnesota also
was admitted with a large population, and 1
think Wisconsin had a large population. They
withheld their application until they were en-
titled, I think, to two Representatives, perhaps
three.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Three.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have shown you that
this rule of population has not been an invari-
able rule; that all the States I have named
when admitted had less population than Ne-
braska now has. But, sir, that is not all.
Population is only one mode of ascertaining
whether a State is prepared for admission. In
every other respect Nebraska is far beyond the
condition in which those States were when they
wereadmitted. When Ohio was admitted with
her forty thousand inhabitants her beautiful
plains were covered with an unbroken forest;
there was only a settlement here and there;
cabins pretty far in the wilderness; no roads,
no modes of communication, no schools, 110 eol-
39tii Con <7. 2d Suss.—No. 9.
leges, no opportunities of reaching there. And
so when all these other States were admitted they
bad none of the resources, none of .the elements
of civilization that this rising Territory has.
Nebraska, on the contrary, is open, forthe set-
tlement of the whole country ; railroads now
touch its eastern border; the Missouri river
passes along its whole eastern border;, and a
railroad, built partly by the Government of
the United States, has already penetrated
into it two hundred and eighty miles. They
have schools; they have the foundation of
colleges; they have all the educational facili-
ties of this modern age. They can be reached
from this very point in two or three days, and
in a few days more the railroads across Iowa
will be built, and then they can be reached in a
comparatively few hours. There is a country
all ready for the hand of labor, with thousands
of square miles almost ready for the plow, a
soil rich in agriculture, rich in resources, easy
of access, with a population hardy, indus-
trious, and patriotic to the last degree. Shall
you deny these people admission here when
you have invited them in, when they have com-
plied with your condition, because they have
not sufficient population, when you have never
made that a test as to any other State?
Mr. President, I do not think it is necessary
for me to dwell further upon this question of
population which has been made by many Sen-
ators a ground of objection. If there is any
force in the objection, it is one that will be
l-apidly overcome. Since the conclusion of the
war immigration is flowing in rapidly. During
the-war all the Territories were suspended i-ft
growth. It was a remarkable fact that Colo-
rado, perhaps Nebraska, and Kansas, I think,
as well as all the western Territories, we're either
m.ide the scene of war, or the population,
young and active and enterprising, that went
there flowed back into the channels of war.
Nebraska and Colorado were among the first
to send their young men, th^ir best and active
men into our service. Colorado organized a
regiment and sent it to New Mexico, and prob-
ably saved us millions of dollars in the recon-
quest of New Mexico. The men of Nebraska
were nearly all young men. Old men do not
go to these new Territories. Young men desir-
ing to better their condition go there. The
blast of the bugle brought thousands of young
men from Nebraska into Iowa and then into
the seat of war. No wonder the growth of
their population was checked, beeause the life
of their population was in the service of their
country. Will you make that a reason for
keeping them out when you know that the cur-
rent has changed, that population is now pour-
ing in there instead of out, and the population
they had there was mostly engaged in the service
of their country? It seems to mc it is unrea-
sonable, and that we who profess to govern the
patriotic and loyal people of this country do
wrong in imposing upon these patriotic and
loyal people harder conditions than have been
imposed upon others in former times.
I know very well that a territorial govern-
ment in a rapidly-growing community like Ne-
braska is a great burden, irritating constantly.
Their Governor is appointed by the President.
He may not have any sympathy with them,
although I believe as to the Governor of Ne-
braska, he is in hearty sympathy with the peo-
ple there; but he may not be. He controls
the patronage of the Territory. He is their
Governor by no vote or voice of theirs. This
state of affairs is always unpleasant to a peo-
ple. They like to have the choice of their own
Governor, even if the office is unimportant.
Their judges are appointed by the President.
All the machinery of their government is sim-
ply executive and provisional. The people of
the Territory elect only the Legislative Assem-
bly. Everything, therefore, is unpleasant about
a territorial government. They have not their
benefit of the share.of thepublic lands. They
have not any of the facilities for improvement.
Laws of a doubtful character only can be
passed to organize corporations and associa-
tions. There is all tho uncertainty of terri-
torial legislation; there ia the well-known eat-'
ruption of territorial legislation.
is there any reason why we should eoiiftrae
these people under this kind of pupilage : why
we should keep them under this kind of bur-
den, unpleasant, irritating, depending Upofi
the President of the United States for their
executive authority, upon judges appointed5 hf
him forthe administration of their laws,-with--
out any opportunity td improve their Territory?
Is it right or just that for any slight reason we
should keep them in that condition? It is
always the case that these new communities
rapidly seek to get out Of the state of pupilage
.or territorial state into the government of their
own affairs. It is natural that they should do
so. It seems to me that this Territory has now
within itself all the elements necessary to en a--
ble its people to assume their own government.
They have a hardy population; they have every
advantage that we have. Why not, therefore,
let them enter into the race of progress? Until
this Territory is admitted as a State fhey can-
not progress rapidly; no encouragement ea'n
be held out to them. I'therefore see no harm
that can result from their prompt admission.
Mr. President, is it not the interest of the
United States to form as soon as possible all
these infant Territories into States? What
object can the United States have in holding
any portion of the territory of the United
States in a condition where it must be governed
by executive laws or executive influence?
None whatever. Who among us does not de-
sire to see, upon reasonable and fair conditions,
the admission of the southern States to their
old relations to the Union? I hope we all do.
What objection can we have against the gradual
absorption into States of all the new Terri-
tories? We can have none whatever. When
they organize their own governments they pay
all their local expenses. Now a territorial
government is a constant expense upon the
Treasury. We appropriate thisyear many tens
of thousands of dollars for Nebraska. If we ad-
mit Nebraska all these appropriations cease and
she assumes the burden of her own government.
To say that she is not rich enough to maintain
a government is to say that her people do not
know what they want and that they are not tho
best persons to judge of that. If we do not
admit Colorado we have tens 0 thousands of
dollars to appropriate for her. Why not allow
them to assume their own government?
It is sometimes said that these new States
have too much preponderance in the legislative
power of the Government; that if they have not
sufficient population for one member it gives
them an undue advantage in the House of Rep-
resentatives ; and that with a small population
they ought not to be admitted into this Senate
on an equal footing with the great States of
New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Massachusetts,
and other States. Perhaps that is so; bnt in
the practice of our Government there never has
been any difference of interest between the
small and the large States. These western
States will be governed by the same impulses
and the same feelings that govern us. I never
yet have seen the line of distinction drawn
between the small and large States. There has
been no question presented since I have been
a member of this body which divided the largo
from the small States. Therexis no danger,
therefore, of an undue representation. These
small States are increasing rapidly in popula--
tion. I have no doubt that in a very short time
Nebraska will contain more population than
several of the existing States. By the time the
next census is taken this young State, admit-
ted I hope by your action, will have passed in
the race of population and progress many of
the old States of the Union. It requires but
very little time for the American people to fill
up one of these new Territories. We must not
treat them as if they were, any different from
ourselves. We must not impose conditions
upon them that we would not impose upon our
own people. Why should we in Ohio sneer at
Nebraska for inserting the word "white" in
her constitution when in Ohio wehave tho same
