1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
893
control of these matters, retaining all the laws
for Indian reservations just as they now are.
Again, the gentleman says that if you adopt
the system proposed by the Committee on In-
dian Affairs there will be by these commis-
sioners a regular inspection at each of these
agencies. Well, now the gentleman must cer-
tainly admit that if yon put this whole matter
under military rule the officers detailed to per-
forin these duties will be all the time under
rigid inspection. An inspector general of the
Army would be sent to each postand garrison,
and they will necessarily keep lip a strict in-
spection of the conduct of those officers who
may be detailed to perform duty in connection
with the Indians. We shall secure, in short,
from the head of the Army down, that rigid
inspection, accountability, and responsibility
on the part of the persons so employed which,
it seems to rae, we cannot have under any civil
administration of this branch of the public
service.
It is an old and homely proverb that "the
proof of the pudding is in the eating." Now,
sir, we did not have these difficulties to any-
thing like the same extent when this whole
matter was under the charge of the War De-
partment. There were abuses then; there
was maladministration then ; but I aver as a
general fact, shown by the history of Indian
affairs in this country, that, abuses never arrived
at anything like the same height to which they
have grown since the management of these
affaiis was transfer! ed to the Department of
the 1 nterior and has become purely a matter of
civil administration. What is the condition
of things now? The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, by the very introduction of this bill,
wisely intend to adopt some scheme lo correct
abuses which have grown to be enormous ; and
if we cannot transfer the whole matter to the
Military Department, I hope some such bill as
that the committee have introduced will prevail.
1 do not object to the effort of the Committee
on Indian Affairs to bring about a reform of
these abuses by their bill ; but it is because I
think the whole management of Indian affairs
would be better administered by a complete
and radical change, putfing the entire system
under military rule, that 1 propose a substi-
tute for the bill of the committee. Their bill
is good so far as it goes, and if the administra-
tion of Indian affairs is to be left with a civil
department, then I trust this bill or some other
embracing its general principles will beadopted.
But 1 think a still further, greater, more effect-
ive and radical case of crushing abuses maybe
made by wiping out the whole relation of this
bureau of Indian affairs to mere civil adminis-
tration and putting it under strict military rule,
military responsibility, and military accounta-
bility.
Now, sir, the general fact is simply this: we
have two Departments of the Government hav-
ing concern with the treatment and care of the
Indians : a civil Department—the Department
of the Interior—and a military Department.
These two Departments cannot in the very na-
ture of things^ act harmoniously; and what is
the consequence? Upon the civil side your
Indian agents, acting in conjunction with the
traders, breed wars; if they do not directly
and designedly encourage them, they do those
things which lead to wars; and the military
are only called in at the last moment in order
to put these wars down. It is far better that
those who have the responsibility of fighting
the Indians should have thrown upon them the
inducement to keep peace with the Indians by
managing them well. In this way there would
be complete harmony and entire uniformity of
interest on this point. Let the responsibility
of keeping the peace, as well as restoring it
when broken, be thrown upon those whose in-
terest it will be that the peace shall not be
broken, because then there devolves upon them
the work of restoring it by fighting, which of
course they do not desire if it can be avoided.
Upon every score, therefore, of economy,
of simplicity, of effectiveness, it seems to me
we ought to transfer this bureau. As to the
general objection made by the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Higby,] that this change will
not be attended with any economy, surely the
gentleman, in making the objection, cannot
have considered the subject aright. We pay
now a host of officers, agents, sub-agents, &c.,
from the Commissioner down through the whole
category of those employed iu attending to the
affairs of the Indians. If we transfer this bu-
reau to the control of the War Department
we shall get the services of a class of men who
are already in the pay of the Government,
whoso compensation is not to be increased,
upon whom all these duties are to bo devolved
without cost to the Government beyond the
expense to which we are already subjected in
keeping up the military establishment of the
Government. We shall pay no agents; we
shall pay no sub-agents; we shall pay no Com-
missioner ; we shall pay nobody cxccpt the
subordinates actually employed on the reser-
vations ; and they are to be employed and
paid whether the Indian Bureau should be
under civil or military administration. But
the long line of intermediate officers, from the
Commissionerdown until you reach the Indian
himself, is to be supplied by the detail of offi-
cers from the military service; and then a very
large proportion of the present expense would
be entirely saved to the Government.
Sir, as we have all promised to be short in
this matter, I will yield to the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Ivaskon,] upon whose bill intro-
duced on this subject the report of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was based, and
therefore it is proper ho should be heard.
Mr. ICASSON. Mr. Speaker, I think no
gentleman of this House can have examined
the Indian appropriation bills for the last four
or five years without having been alarmed at
the constant increase in the appropriations
demanded for the maintenance ot that depart-
ment. I think no gentleman who desires to
promote economy in the administration of the
Government can fail to have his attention
aroused to the necessity of some action on the
part of Congress with a view to accomplish that
result. At the last session of Congress I sub-
mitted a table showing the increasing amount
of expenditure required for the continuance of
our present Indian"system. I showed how the
estimates had grown from something like one
hundred thousand dollars up to nearly four mil-
lion dollars per annum, according to the esti-
mates submitted to the Committee on Appro-
priations at the last session of Congress. No
other bureau of the Goveiapment has made
such strides in the amount of expenditure.
It becomes important to us to ask what
return the United States and the people of the
United States are getting for, this enormous
expenditure. When that inquiry is made we
find instead of peace wo are getting more of
war, and that every season the whole country
is alarmed by Indian attacks and outrages and
the fear of a general Indian war. If, then, the
present system, which has been attended with
a continually increased expenditure, has failed
to accomplish the result sought by that expend-
iture, which is peace and civilization of the
Indian tribes, has not the time arrived when
Congress should try another system calcu-
lated to combine the enterprises connected
with the Indians under a single head, instead
of the two heads under which they are now
managed.
I learn from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs that the outrages recently committed
by the Indians near Port Laramie have been
attributed to the conflict between the civil and
military authorities. He tells me that when
the Indians came in largo numbers up to the
fort for the purpose of having a talk and mak-
ing a treaty, rations at his request were served
out to them from the fort. Well, sir, Lieut-
enant General Sherman thought it necessary to
aggregate a military force there at that time.
Consequently the rations to the Indians were
stopped. When that was done and those In-
dians could not be held there during the delays
taking place in the administration of the civil
branch of the service without food, as the In-
dians were likely to starve, then the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs ordered the cattle in
the neighborhood to be bought for their sup-
port. In the mean time the Indians were there
and nothing was accomplished. Then the
military came in again and ordered the stop-
ping of supplies, for military reasons. The
Indians were again left unsupported and obliged
to maintain themselves in some way or starve,
and so came outrages, according to that bureau.
It is to prevent results like this that it is pro-
posed to place the superintendency of Indian
affairs under one head, and that the War De-
partment.
Docs any gentleman here say, as I believe it
has been said, that, by this you will put a stop
to the civilization of the Indians? ! say, on
the contrary, you will promote that civilization,
and I think I could, with time enough, satisfy
the House it must, result inevil ably fromchango
in our Indian system. Does it civilize the
Indian who hates a "forked tongue" to send
an agent to him who makes a promise in the
name of the " Great Father" to give a certain
annuity in money and goods, and then when
the time comes appropriates the money and
most of the goods to his own use? Does it
civilize the Indian to teach him dishonesty?
Docs it civilize him to give him instead of
plows small steel mirrors? Does it civilize
the Indian when he wants a good blanket to
give him a string of beads? Does it civilize
the Indians to send agents among them, as in
the case of one in 18(51 and 18f>2, who demanded
that an Indian chief should take a fraction of
the goods he was allowed under treaty and
give a receipt in full? That chief, (an Oga-
lalla Sioux, I think,) indignant at the outrage
and fraud attempted upon him, left the fort in
disgust, and a messenger was sent after him
with the message that the military would be
ordered to arrest and shoot him if he did not
give a full receipt.
lie did so ; he refused every particle, even
the small package that was tendered, and left
in just indignation against the fraud sought
to be perpetrated iu the name of the United
States Government, and there came soon after
an Indian war, as it always does come.
Do gentlemen say that they cannot better be
protected under the War Department? Here
is the testimony of llev. Mr. Maxfield, a
missionary among the Pawnees, a very short
extract of which 1 will read for the purpose of
showing what they think upon this subject.
And let me pause here to make my acknowl-
edgment not only on behalf of myself, but of
the country, to the diligence of the newspaper
correspondents of this House, who have sought
for and obtained certain reports that were made
by the investigating committees sent out nearly
two years ago to examine into these matters.
I find some passages from one of these reports,
none of which have been presented to this
House so far as I know, published in the Cin-
cinnati Gazette. I would like to read them
all, but I will content myself with a single ex-
tract.
Mr. IIIGBY. One word. I am quite as
much surprised as the gentleman himself that
those reports were not distributed. I do not
know why they wore not.
Mr. KASSON. That is just what wo all do
not know. But, sir, they disclose facts that
should go before the country. Tina mission-
ary, among other things, says this :
"My opinion is, in regaid to Indian affairs and the
present system, that they are miserable failures.
Millions of money have been spent, thousands of
lives sacriticed, and yet that the Government has
signally failed either to civilizo the Indians or sec*uro
the safety of the frontiers is patent to all; it dan never
be done under the present systom. No whofesonse
fear of the Government has been imi'Vcsjcd on their
minds. Deal with them as with other men and wo
have nothing to fear. As long as the Government
continues to buy their friendship so Ions will it bo
held in contompt."
Under this system we are continually being
