1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1569
men's Bureau be now administered with your full
and hearty sanction, and with the cooperation of the
other br.tuoho of the Uovernuient it would fulfill
the objects ot' its creation in a short time, and be
in.nle. w!r le it existed, to conduce to industry, cn-
h^htenuieut, and justice for all classes of the peo-
I le."
There is a pretty distinct allegation that he
ha< not been permitted to execute this law as
it ought to be executed.
Now, sir, in reply to the Senator from Wis-
consin. [Mr. Doolitti.e,] who read a letter
from somebody in Virginia, I will read what is
officially reported by General Brown in regard
to the condition of things in Virginia :
" In districts where the civil authorities have been
invested with full power to try ami punish freedmen
for crimes, complaints are frequently made of the
manifest injustice of the judicial officers and the
abuse of authority on the part of the executive offi-
cers of the State government. When a fair trial is
granted theprisoner, punishments are often of cruel
severity, and sometimes executed in a barbarous
manner."
That is the report of General Brown, assist-
ant commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau
for the State of Virginia. The report before
me is full of statements from all the rebellious
States of the same character ; it is the report
of the Freedmen's Bureau submitted to Con-
gress at the commencement of this session.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the Senate
take a recess until seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us vote, and after we
take the vote we will take a recess.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I shouldliave preferred
the opportunity of more deliberation before
addressing this body on a question as grave as
this, and about which I pretend to be some-
what informed. It has been the fortune of my
life to have been born in the far North, and yet
to have lived in nearly all the States of this
LTnion and in many portions of the continent
of North America. I know as well as a man
well informed, having kindred both North and
South, can know, that this tale of wrong and
outrage in the South is a falsehood. We hear
of Governor Hamilton—Jack Hamilton—being
badly abused. It is an honorable name ; hon-
orable in the country my ancestors came from.
He comes herewith tears in his eyes and groans
on his chest, saying, "how I suffer ;!*when
every man who knew anything of frontier life
and of the dangers that belong to frontier ad-
venture knew that he had not been in danger
at all. He left his family in the South ; he
said he could not bring them out. Oh, Ham-
ilton's family——
Mr. WILSON. You had better let his family
alone.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well. TheHam-
iltons that I know anything about are all brave.
I say these things have not transpired in the
South, and I have reason to say so, because I
have kindred in the South as well as in the
North, men who have been planters there tjvo
or three generations ; and I say the men of the
South, having been compelled to yield to our
arms, are to-day as loyal citizens as you or I.
It is not worth while to discuss this contro-
versy after this fashion. There are great errors
afloat as to the condition of the South and the
public opinion of the South. They did under-
take to fight us, and they fought and were van-
quished. Shall we not say to them as Damas
did of the fellow with whom he fought, as Bul-
wer has recorded him, "I did not know how
well I liked him till I had fought him." Why
should not generosity be the first sentiment
after triumph? There seems here to be a want
of that high magnanimity which is becoming
under the circumstances; and if it does not
exist this Government is not worth preserving.
The man who would trample on a fallen foe is
a coward, as all men know.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
so.v] the other evening said he would compel
the South to yield to what is here required,
whether they consented or not. Now, think
of that for one moment. How can a man
consent? I cannot consent till the subject
presented to my mind has met my full con-
39th Cong. 2d Se&s.— No. 99.
currence. If I give my «orisent before that,
there is a lie sab modo. I cannot give consent
to a thing which has not the full conviction of
my mind and my judgment. In the South
they have consented; they have given the
judgment of their minds to return to their
allegiance to the Constitution and Government
of the United States.
A friend suggests that I should save myself
for the evening. I do not rise to make a speech
to ornament my name, and to be referred tQ
in the columns of books hereafter. Things of
that kind I have never done, nor have they
been in the contemplation of my brain. I am
here attempting to maintain what I think to be
the right. I have been a defender and not an
offender through all my life. I never gave any
offense to any man; but I have defended all
that were wronged, and I will undertake to do
that till my ship goes down beneath the seas.
This legislation is, as I have thought, a great
outrage. It should be proclaimed by trumpet
and resounded over the hills and the mountains,
and that cry will yet ring out from mountain
to valley and from all the plains before we
have done with this subject. This idea of
undertaking to coerce a people into a condition
of society repugnant to themselves is a thing
that cannot be done. It is one of the impos-
sibilities. No power that can be exerted by
the Congress of the United States can compel
them. The will and the spirit of a people will
not subject themselves, although they are now
nearly subjugated. I am of northern blood
and have no sympathy with southern views or
feelings; but I would not submit my will to
such subjection, and they will not. With the
1 high sense of justice which I think I may pos-
; sibly possess I would not dare to advise the
! adoption of this policy>in the southern States,
I under which ignorant men from Dahomey may
. take the rule of the land. I would not in my
manhood ; I would not with my intelligence;
I would not with the red blood that runs in my
veins; I would not by the memories of the
race from whence I have come. It seems to
' me that those who are adventuring out now
I have never run through the blue Symplegades.
It would take Jason and the Argonauts to do
it, and I do not see Jason or the Argonauts
here. All that adventured out before were
shipwrecked and their craft lost. We are
about adventuring into dangerous seas. We
are about forcing upon an unwilling people a
system altogether repugnant to them and re-
pugnant to the common sentiments of all men
who have Caucasian blood. Perhaps it may
be deemed wise to make the effort; for, in the
dispensations of Providence, we do not know
what is perfect wisdom ; we have to take His
ultimate judgment to govern us all; but it is
the office of all meA that live below His sphere
to do what they think best; and it is only He
who is on His burning throne that knows what
is exactly right. It is our opportunity to do
our best to maintain what we think to be the
exact right.
Now, I should like to know who here in his
full conscience, allowing him to employ his
conscience and to think that there is a God,
would undertake to place the barbarians of
Mississippi and South Carolina in command
of that country ? Who would place Chinamen
in my own State in a position where they might
overwhelm the Caucasians of my own country
and the men from Europe? It is altogether
within the range of possibility that there may
be two hundred and fifty thousand Chinese
there in a few years; and am I then to be sub-
ject to the Asiatics, who do not belong to my
order of civilization, who care nothing for our
free institutions, who have learned nothing
more than Confucius taught, who was never
able to believe in God, and only attended the
worship of the church because it was a babit?
These things, Mr. President, seem not sim-
ply painful to myself, but more than painful;
they seem as threatening the overthrow of in-
stitutions established by those wise and careful
men who laid the foundations of our Republic.
Never did any Government undertake to com-
pel reconstruction upon such a systei# The
war of the Roses was, I think, thirty years, and
there were lords that went to the block; but did
that change the relations of the counties or the
principalities of England? Notatall. There
were wars between England and Scotland that
lasted through five centuries; but did that
, change the status of antagonistic States? No.
They who bellowed loudest in England, and
undertook to compel Scotland, came to grief,
and they had to accept a Scottish king upon
the English throne. Ireland, from the time
of the wars of the Pale, was, you may say, sub-
jugated ; but what then did Great Britain say
to Ireland? "We ask the consent of your
| Parliament;" and Great Britain, with all its
power, did not dare to move even against the
inferior hordes of Ireland till by bribery and
! corruption she had secured a majority of votes
I in the Irish Parliament to cede away the rights
of Ireland as an independent government sub
modo.
j We seem to have forgotten all the lessons
I of history. It would be well for us to remem-
ber them somewhat better. There is no such
! thing as coercing an unwilling people. Will-
ing the southern people are now to come under
the old Constitution, under the old flag, to be
with us again as brothers. They have been
punished and have come to us like the prodi-
gal son. We make no feast for them, but have
I met them with curses, and we pronounce ex-
| communication. Will that policy be a success ?
Can we hope that it will be a success? We
II cannot hope for it, because you cannot conquer
the human will; you cannot conquer the opin-
ions and convictions that rest in the human
mind. Brave men when vanquished can sur-
render and yield and become obedient, but
they cannot be degraded. It is a false opinion
that we can degrade a part of the people of
our own country, of like ancestry and as brave
as ourselves, fewer in number, if you please,
having not so much artillery, having not so
much arms, but still persistent and resistant
against outrageous wrong. All that has been
asked by the South since the surrender of Lee
has been simply to be received again into our
own family, and they who do not think they
should be received have the hardness of heart
that belongs to savagery ; and they who think
that that savageness of theirs will result in ulti-
mate triumph will find that they are only em-
barking our country in difficulties that may last
through many years. I would like to see in my
time peace restored and the Union altogether
reestablished; but it cannot be done upon terms
inconsistent with the sense of justice, with the
sense of right, and even the political necessi-
ties of people who belong to the Union though
they have been in rebellion. It is not possible
for them in Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama,
and South Carolina, to yield the authority of
government to negroes, ignorant, altogether un
informed, and who know nothing about what
belongs to government. We have done great
mischief to ourselves by degrading our institu-
tions in making suffrage too popular. Instead
of extending it, it is my opinion that we should
try to restrict it to some extent, so that there
will be some chance of intelligence in those
people who have to do with the making of
officers in counties, in States, and in the Fed-
eral Government.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator yield
to me for a moment that I may make a sug-
gestion to him ? Inasmuch as I observe that
his remarks are upon the measure generally,
and* not upon the particular question before
the Senate, I suggest that he yield the floor
for the present and let this vote be taken, and
his general discussion can proceed when the
bill itself is before the Senate at a subsequent
stage.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The leader of my side
of the House dictates to me a certain line of
conduct.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am no leader.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will yield to his sug-
gestion now; but it is all wrong from center to
circumference, from the axis to the utmost
