1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
We need some permanent, arid efficient sys-
tem for the management of our Indian affairs.
It was urged yesterday by tlxe gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Windom] that men can be
selected from civil life of as high a character
as any military officers. Yet 1 submit that,
under the prevailing system of giving appoint-
ments as rewards for political and partisan
services, we are not likely to obtain suitable
men. On the other hand, the accountability
of the military officer to the War Department
must work a beneficial change in the manage-
ment of Indian affairs if wo adopt the plan
advocated by the chairman of the Military
Committee. I trust that his proposition will
meet the favor of the House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HIGBY. I yield three minutes to my
colleague, [Mr. Bidwell.]
Mr. BIDWELL. Mr. Speaker, I am very
glad that this question is being agitated by this
House. It is my fortune to have been inti-
mately acquainted with the condition of the
Indians west of the llocky mountains for the
last twenty-five yiars, and I can say that the
disposition manifested by the Government to-
ward those Indian tribes has it seems to mo
had in view the welfare of the Indians. Con-
gress I believe has had the best intentions in
making appropriations for the maintenance of
those Indians. I believe that in a great ma-
jority of cases the agents themselveshave done
their utmost to benefit the Indians under their
charge. I know from personal experience that
it has been the intention of the Indian Bureau
to make appointments and spend money in
such a manner as to benefit to the greatest
possible degree the Indians.
But, sir, it is a lamentable fact that all
the efforts which have been made and are
bfiing made are not adequate to accomplish
what is designed. Some change is absolutely
necessary ; and I, for one, see no better mode
of working the needed reform than by trans-
ferring this whole business to the War Depart-
ment. While I say that I believe this to be
the best plan, 1 do not intend to impugn the
action or the motives of any agent or any
Department of the Government; for I have
already stated that I believe the officers of the
Government have acted in good faith. The
present system, however, is radically wrong.
A change is demanded, and I believe that a
military officer is better fitted to superintend
an Indian reservation than a civilian. 1 will
tell you why 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. IUGBV. I now yield tlxe floor to the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Wisdom.]
Mr. W1NDOM. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Windom] is entitled to the
floor to close the debate.
Mr. WINDOM. I yield five minutes to my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Oregon, [Mr. Hj;xdebhon\]
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Speaker, I feel
unwilling to trouble the House with any re-
marks at the present time ; but as a member
of the Committee on Indian Affairs 1 deem
it my duty to express my views in reference to
the question now under consideration.
I could not, sir, hut bo surprised to hear the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kassox] make the
declaration that the expenses of the Indian
department have been increasing for years.
It is the most natural thing which could possi-
bly be imagined, for every year the Govern-
ment of the United States is grasping large
portions of the Indian territory. We absorb
the lands of the Indians, and every year large
numbers of Indians are brought under the care
of the Government. Just so long as the Gov-
ernment continues to grasp Indian lands we
may expect an increase of expenditure in the
Indian department.
It is not my purpose to speak in favor of the
present system. I am in favor of a change. I
think the plan reported from the Indian Com-
mittees is best for the protection of the Indians
and for economy in Government expenditures.
I object to turning the charge of the Indians
over to the War Department. Experience has
proved that the Indians corrupt the military
and the military corrupt the Indians. I will
not stop to advance proof of that fact; but I
repeat that the Indians corrupt the military
and the military corrupt the Indians. They
work mutual corruption on each other, and
the less they have to do with each other the
better.
It is true that this Government can pursue
toward the Indians the policy of extermination
and extinction; and let mo say if you want to
hasten their extinction you can take no surer
mode than by putting them entirely into the
hands of the military. I doubt not when you
do that your progress will be rapid. If, on the
contrary, the Indians are placed under the
charge of civilians, their morals will be culti-
vated, and they will be led through a knowl-
edge of the Christian religion to civilization and
peace. The bill under consideration looks to
that end; and for that reason, believing it is
the best, I will support it. It has been framed
in the interest and welfare of the red children
of the forest, and I hope it will be passed.
Mr. WINDOM. I now yield twenty min-
utes to my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Iloss,] and when
he has concluded, I now give notice I can
yield no further.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, of the various
questions presented to this House none is more
entitled to our consideration than the one now
pending in relation to these poor wild men of
our forests and plains. We should inaugurate
a policy of justice and humanity toward them.
And first I desire to call attention to one sig-
nificant fact concerning our Indian affairs. In
1805 a commission, consisting of four Senators
and five members of the House, was appointed,
with directions to visit the Indian country and
gather as much information as possible of their
condition, &c. The fact to which I wish to
attract attention is, that although this commis-
sion, in consequence of the vast, extent over
which the investigation was to take place, was
divided into three parts, each to take a differ-
ent direction, yet, the nine individuals who did
this work unanimously approve and recom-
mend the passage of the measure reported by
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I will call attention to another significant
fact, that the committee in the Senate having
charge of Indian affairs have sent this bill to
this House with the indorsement of that body;
and the Committee on Indian Affairs in this
House also recommend its passage. The in-
dorsement of these three coinmiUees should
commend it to the favorable consideration of
the House.
I do not pretend there is perfection in the
present Indian system. I believe it is wrong
from the bottom to the top, and needs a rad-
ical reformation ; but I am not disposed to go
in the direction indicated by the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. Speaker, I understand the first objec-
tion urged by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] is that this bill is a union of church
and State, t am satisfied I would be as much
opposed to a union of church and State as any
gentleman upon this floor. Is there anything
like a union of church and State in asking for
recommendation from religious societies in the
country of civilians for appointment to office?
Are these great religious societies to be ig-
nored? My judgment is they can make as
suitable recommendations as the Committee
on Military Affairs. The gentleman from Ohio
says he has had appointed two friends as In-
dian agents upon his recommendation.^
We have had a little experience in this coun-
try of military superintendency of the Indians. I
It became my duty as a member of that com-
mission to visit Bosque Rodondo, in xNew Mex-
ico, an Indian reservation, where from nine
thousand to ten thousand were forcibly held
by military authority. They had been forci-
bly taken from their mountain homes in Ari-
zona Territory, their corn and orchards de-
stroyed and villages burned; driven away from,
their homes, men, women, and'children, in the
most inclement season of the year. After this
wanton and cruel destruction of their homes
and means of subsistence they fled to the
mountain fastnesses, and were hunted down
like beasts of prey, and compelled at the point
of the bayonet to travel hundreds of miles in
mid-winter, with snow on the ground, to New
Mexico, many perishing by the way from the
inclemency of the weather, hunger, and ex-
haustion.
The seven to ten thousand Indians held by
military authority on this reservation in New
Mexico have been costing the Government over
one hundred thousand dollars a month inde-
pendent of the expense of the military at the
post. I defy gentlemen to controvert the evi-
dence which is furnished unmistakably upon
this point. The evidence may be found in the
War Department.
And, sir, look at the inhumanity of the man-
ner in which these Indians are treated ! I do
not desire to say anything against General
Carlton or his subordinate officers, who have
charge of the Indians. I regard them as gen-
tlemen. But the defect is inherent in the sys-
tem itself and cannot be remedied. I would
be glad if you would look into the report of
the Indian agent for Now Mexico and see the
demoralization that is growing out of this con-
nection between the military and the Indians
in this country. The evidence shows that it
costs twenty-nine and a half cents a ration
for these Indians, when individuals in that
country offer to furnish them for fifteen cents.
This is a part of the system of governing these
Indians by military authority.
They are put upon reservations for the pur-
pose of working the lands. Sir, the system
has proved a failure. Why? Because the
white man cannot raise anything there. These
Indians have been driven from their hunting
grounds to that portion of the country where
they cannot subsist, either by hunting or agri-
culture. Let gentlemen go out and look at
the reservations in the West that have been
left for the Indian tribes, and they will find that
they are those portions which the white men
will not occupy. This reservation is located
on a small stream of water called the Pacos,
without any limber for firewood or the erection
of buildings within fifteen or twenty miles; and
when the water gets low in the summer time
it is so brackish with alkali, as the evidence
shows, that it causes disease and death among
them, and the report .shows that the mortality
among them is very great- Their only chance
for fuel is to go out in the inclement weather
and dig rnesquite roots out of the ground and
pack them in on their backs. This is your
humane method of governing the Indians by
military authority 1
Gentlemen fell us it is going to cost us
nothing for officers and agents to manage In-
dian affairs if we transfer this business over to
the War Department, for the reason that the
officers and men are already in the service.
Why, sir, 1 apprehend that the distinguished
gentleman at the head of the Military Commit-
tee [Mr. Soiiexck] has found himself with
more military officers on his hands than he
knows what to do with, and would like to
shove them into the civil service to make places
for them. According to his theory you may
take the greatest villain, thief, or scoundrel in
all the country, and you have only to appoint
him into the Army and put shoulder-straps on
him and all his guilty stains are washed away,
and he becomes as white as the driven snow.
Nov/, sir, I am inclined to think that if a roan
will steal before ho gets into the Army there
may bo a little propensity in that direction left
in him afterward.
I can see no good reason for transferring the
Indian Bureau to the Military Department.
The evidence collected by the commissioner
sent out by Congress shows that nineteen out
