1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
believeit comes within the role to,refer it again
in case* additional testimony is offered, and I
make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ■ The order
Trill be entered, if there'be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN.. I now offer the addi-
tional testimony in support of the claim, and
move that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims with the other papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will bemade, no objection being interposed.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the motion just submitted by the
Senator from Maine—I was not in my seat at
the time—which was to take a claim which had
been reported upon adversely, and recommit
it——
Mr. HENDRICKS. As I do not want to
occupy much of the time of the Senate, I would
rather, not take up any other business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana is entitled to" the floor.
Mr, GRIMES. Let us take up the adjourn-
ment resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will consent to that,
if it leads to no debate.
Mr. HOWE. I just wish to have this ques-
tion settled. I call for the reading of the -50th
rule. I suppose that would govern the decision
of that motion. I have the rule in my hand and
will read it myself:
" Whenever a claim is presented to the Senate and
referred to a committee, and the committee report
that theclainxought not to be allowed, and the report
be adopted by the Senate, it shall not bo in order to
move to take the papers from the files for the purpose
of referring them at a subsequent session, unless the
claimant shall present a memorial for that purpose,
stating in what respect the committee have erred in
their report, or that new evidence has been discov-
ered since the report, and setting forth the new evi-
dence in the memorial."
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was no objection
made, and I supposed, there being no objec-
tion, it passed by the unanimous consent of the
Senate. I did not examine the papers. I
stated that I wished to present new evidence,
which I did, in the same way as it has been
done before repeatedly to iny knowledge. I
submitted the new evidence on the subject. I
do not know that there is a particular memo-
rial setting forth the new evidence, but the
new evidence went with the papers, or I should
not have made the motion.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator knows that the
evidence is important, I shall not insist on the
form of a memorial; but I do not like, unless
there is something important in the new evi-
dence, to have a claim which has been reported
upon adversely, again referred to the com-
mittee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I have said, I have
n'ot examined the papers. The new evidence
presented is deemed important by the claim-
ant.
MESSAGE FROM THE HODSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 173) for the relief of Ober, Nanson
& Co., merchants of New York, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
DARIEN SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have been waiting for
an opportunity to call up the joint resolution
that was displaced this morning, during the
process of meeting the views of the Senators
from California and Iowa. I believe there are
now no objections to its passage, and it is im-
portant that it should pass at once. I trust,
therefore, that the Senate will permit it to be
disposed of now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will it lead to dis-
cussion?
Mr. SPRAGUE. There will be ho discus-
sion upon it. If there is, I will withdraw the
request. I hope it will be taken up. It is
necessary that it should pass at once. There
are no objections to it as I understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island asks that the Senate
resume the consideration of the resolution re-
ferred to by him. Another subject being before
the Senate, the motion of the Senator can only
be entertained by the unanimous consent of the
Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 149)
to extend aid and facilities to citizens of the
United States engaged in the survey of a route
for a ship-eanal across the Isthmus of Darien.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 173) for the
relief of Ober, Nanson & Co., merchants of
New York, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
ADJOURNMENT FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very important to some
members of the-Senate, especially those who
reside at a remote distance from the capital,
that the concurrent resolution that came from
the House of Representatives providing for an
adjournment of Congress over the holidays
should be disposed of one way or the other;
and I therefore move to postpone all prior
orders and proceed to the consideration of that
resolution.
The . PRESIDENT pro tempore. The con-
current resolution to which the Senator refers
was read this morning, and objection to its con-
sideration being made, it was laid over under
the rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw the objec-
tion.
The PRESIDENTpro<empore. The motion
of the Senator from Iowa can only be entertained
by unanimous consent, another subject being
before the Senate. Is there any objection to
the consideration of the resolution named by
the Senator from Iowa? None being made,
the resolution is before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand it is now
before the Senate for consideration. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdrew the objec-
tion to its present consideration at the request
of several gentlemen who said that, whichever
way it might be decided, it was important to
them that it should be decided at once; but I
did not withdraw or intend to withdraw my
objection to the passage of the resolution. I
cannot, flatter myself for a moment that any
objection that-1 may make with reference to it
will be of any avail, for since I have been in
the Senate I have found that there is no use
in trying to resist a motion to adjourn over the
holidays—and the holidays have been increas-
ing ever since I have been a member; they
began with the old regular holidays, and they
have now got to be a fortnight or three weeks—
because the motion is one tlfat takes prece-
dence of all others, I have found, and is con-
sidered of infinitely more importance than any
other that can possibly come before the Sen-
ate. Under these circumstances I can do no
more than enter a protest against it.
If gentlemen llatter themselves that there is
nothing to do, or wish to convey the idea to
the country that there is nothing to do, all I
have to say, in the way Of answer, is to appeal
to what has been witnessed here to-day—a con-
test of an hour in the morning to ascertain
which of two bills should be taken up and
considered on account of the immediate and
pressing importance of both of them; one of
them a very long bill, the bankrupt bill, which
will involve a great deal of debate, the other a
bill which seemed tobe launched also on some-
thing of a troubled sea. In addition to those,
there is a bill lying on your table, which came
from the House very early in the session, cal-
culated to limit or to take away a certain power
which was granted to the President, with re-
gard to issuing pardons, and many gentlemen
considered that bill of such pressing neeessity
that they wished it to be taken up at once and
not even referred to a committee; and I believe
I was denounced privately by some members
of the Senate as obstructing the course of just-
ice and of public business by daring to suggest
that it ought to go to a committee for consid-
eration. We have several other bills on the
same subject, or at least on similar subjects,
which are considered to be exceedingly neces-
sary oa fhis side of the Chamber, to say the
least of it, on your table j and yet here isia
motion at this short session to erowd every-
thing pretty much that we have to do into the
time that will be left after the 1st of January.
It may be replied—some gentlemen have" in
conversation replied to me—"it is probable
that the bill will pass calling the next Congress
together on the 4th of March, and we can then
finish up what remains to be done." Every-
body knows that it is not designed to do any-
thing at that session except simply to organize
the two Houses of Congress; and if we should
undertake to do something at that-session we
have got to begin anew. Business does notgo
over from this Congress to that. We must go
through all the forms of reporting the measures
again.
I desire to say these things to justify myself
for the vote which I shall give against this ad-
journment from Thursday next, which I believe
will be the 20th, until some time in the month
of January. I wish to put myself on record
with regard to it, and for that purpose I ask
for the yeas and nays on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. What the Senator from
Maine says is perfectly correct in theory, but
we tried it in practice once and it did not work
well. I shall remain here during the vacation
at any rate, and therefore I shall not be affected
by it. I remember that at one session we
did keep Congress in session during the holi-
days, but we transacted no business. Those
who remained in the city came down here and
then marched back again, and I believe we
never took a vote during the whole time. If
the Senator will act as a kind of Sergeant-at-
Arms to keep here the Senators who will go
away at any rate, then we might transact some
of this important business : but I think the ex-
perience of Senators and of the Senate is that
you cannot do it. If you could devise some
way to keep Senators together, then it would
be an argument against this usual adjourn-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say one word
in reply to that argument, because I have heard
it before, and that is, that I cannot predicate
an argument upon the presumption that the
majority of this body have no regard for their
official duties and will violate them anyhow.
Mr. WADE. I am opposed to this resolu-
tion. I do not- believe that any session since
I have been a member of the Senate has ever
had so much important business thrust upon it
at this period as this session has. There are a
great many bills from the House, unfinished
business of the last session, to dispose of, which
will be as much and more than we shall be able
to do if we pursue a very diligent course; and
now it is proposed to adjourn over nearly two
weeks and do nothiug. I do not understand
that we have been in the habit of making such
adjournments. The adjournment at the last
session was the first one I have known, where
1 believe we adjourned for about two weeks, and
left the pressing business of the country to pur-
sue our own amusements. I do not think we
ought to do it. I should be very glad if I could
by my vote accommodate gentlemen who wish
to go away; but it seems to me the business
of the country first demands our attention. I
believe there Ts a great accumulation of busi-
ness that we ought immediately to proceed with,
and I think we are in danger of not getting half
through with what we shall have to do. As to
the next session, on the 4th of March, I do not
know anything about that. It is so remote and
so nwel that I can predicate no action upan it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, since I
have been a member of the Senate I am aware,
as has been said by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] that we have usually dona
