132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
little or no business during the holidays: bat. that
the extent of our adjournments has been from
Christmas-until New Year's, or till the 2d day
of January. Nowit is proposed to extend this
time—perhaps last year we did so—to adjourn
ob the 20th, and members want to know whether
this resolution is to be adopted so that they can
make their arrangements to leave!* at once.
They are not willing to wait till the 20th arrives
to have it determined, they desire to have it
determined now; andlpresume the result will
be that there will be no quorum for a day or
two before the 20th and for a day or two per-
haps after'the 3d of January. It is really
throwing away almost a month of this short
session—a session when we have got more im-
portant business, I think, than we ever had at
any short session before.
In addition to the bill spoken of by the Sen-
ator from" Maine, about which there has been
such urgency, and which I reported from the
Judiciary Committee some days ago—I allude
to the bill to repeal that clause of the confisca-
tion act conferring upon the President author-
ity to grant pardons and issue proclamations
of amnesty—in addition to that bill which I
have tried to get up, and the Senate by a vote
refused on one occasion to take up because
other business was considered more important,
and which I desired and intended to call up this
morning, but a debate arose as to two other
measures, and there was no opportunity to get
it up—in addition to that, I say, we have a
very important bill reported from the Judiciary
Committee at the last session, and which was
called up near the close of the session, entitled
" An act relating to habeas corpus, and regulat-
ing judicial proceedings in certain cases," the
object of which is to protect loyal men from
prosecutions in their Statecourts—a bill of very
great importance and very great urgency. The
object of the bill is to afford parties an oppor-
tunity to transfer their suits to the Federal
courts where they can be protected by the Uni-
ted States laws, and where the laws of the
United States are respected and enforced,
which I am sorry to say is not the case in some
of the so-called State courts in the rebellious
States.
Mr. HENDERSON. The civil rights bill
provides for that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The civil -rights bill did
not provide for all these eases. This is a
different class of cases. There are a great
many other bills of the very highest import-
ance, or thought to be so; and while I do not
expect, as is said by the Senator from Ohio,
that we shall be able to do very much business
between the 24th or 25th of December and the
1st of January, for one week, I think that is
no reason for throwing away another week also.
1 trust that this resolution will not be concurred
in by the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I have been
in the habit for a good many years of listening
to just sueh speeches as we have listened to
from the patriotic and industrious Senators who
have addressed the Senate, and for some six
or seven years I was in the habit of following
their advice and constantly voted every year
against an adjournment. The result was, that
in company with four or five members of this
body, I was required to come up here every
third day to adjourn the Senate over for three
days at a time during the period that the rest
of the gentlemen—1 do not know that any of
the Senators who have now addressed the Sen-
ate in favOr of a continuous session were among
the number—went home to their families. For
the last two years I have voted for the adjourn-
ment, and voted for the long adjournment at
the last session, as long as it is proposed to
adjourn now, and I found that we were able to
transact the business just as well during the
session and accomplish just aa much for the
good of the country after that long adjourn-
ment as we had done when we were m the
habit of adjourning only for three days at a
tim e.
■Sr. FESSENDEN. That was the long
Mr. GRIMES. Yes sir, long sessions and short
sessions both. The Senator from Illinois says it
has been stated that it is necessary that we should
know now whether this resolution is going to
pass or not, because gentlemen are unwilling to
wait until the 20th .shall arrive. That is a wholly
gratuitous remark. I do not propose to go
away ; I neverhavegone; butl have colleagues
and the Senator has colleagues who desire to
go to their families. Heretofore, when we ad-
journed only for one week, from the 25th of
December until the 1st of January, gentlemen
who are Senators and Representatives from
the States along on the sea-board had an oppor-
tunity to run home, but gentlemen from Illinois
andlowa^ who are just as much attached to
their families, and whose business it is just as
necessary to look after as it is to look after the
business of these gentlemen along the sea-board,
had not any such' opportunity, because it takes
tiirce days and nights to make the trip each
way. It was for that reason, and to accom-
modate them as much as for any other purpose,
that I, am willing to extend this time. I think
that all these gentlemen know, every one of us
who has been here for the^ last six or seven
years knows, we are not going to transact any
business if we remain here, and there is no use
of our making a pretense of virtue when we
have not got it. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I happen
at this time to be one of the persons falling
under the description in part made by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, except that part
of it which the Senator from Iowa has called
gratuitous—and I agree with him—lhat I am
now desirous to know what day we shall ad-
journ so that I may go at once. It happens
that I have not been absent from the Senate a
day, I believe, since I have had the honor of
a seat in it, during its sessions, and that now
there is a need that I should be absent for a
little while, and I was rather desirous to know
what day the Senate would adjourn, so as to
make my arrangements accordingly, not wish-
ing that my State should be unrepresented
h^re. But I assure the honorable Senator
from Illinois that I am as willing under ordi-
nary circumstances to remain here, though not
as useful while here, as he is.
Much has been said and much stress-has
been placed upon this matter of long adjourn-
ments during the holidays being of recent
occurrence, or being instituted a year since.
That is not so. Such adjournments have been
made every year since I have been in the Sen-
ate, now the fourth year. Last year we ad-
journed on the 21st of December to meet on
the oth of January. This year it is proposed
to adjourn on the 20th of December to meet
on the 3d of January, not as long an adjourn-
ment as the adjournment of last year. There
has been no difference between the adjourn-
ments made annually for the last four years;
certainly no greater difference than that of a
day or two.
Although I concede the great importance of
the business stated so elaborately by Senators
as being before the body, I doubt very much
whether we shall not come to the transaction
of that business with more directness by such
an adjournment as is proposed than by sitting
here. If the honorable Senator from Illinois
were so situated this year as to have his family
in Illinois, he would perhaps desire to go out
there; but it may be, I do not know, that his
family reside here at present. If so, there is a
convenience in remaining here, and it is really
inconvenient to be idle for two weeks, particu-
larly with the habits of work of the honorable
Senator. But I think we should invite and
expect to enjoy his liberality toward us who
happen to desire or absolutely need the absence.
I hope, sir, that the resolution will pass, and I
believe that the work of the country will not be
the less performed therefor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the resolution.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, (the Seimfcft concurring,) That when the
Houmi adjourn on Thursday the 20th instant, thoy
adjourn to meet on Thursday the 3d day of January
next.
Mr. JOHNSON. Perhaps, if the honor-
able member from Iowa desires to adjourn "the
Senate over the holidays^ it is necessary to
amend that resolution; only provides for
the adjournment of the House. 1 suppose he
wants the Senate to adjourn as well as (he
House; and if it is amended, as I presume it
will be, the question is, whether it will be
proper for lis to adjourn. We can amend it,
1 suggest, if the honorable member is desirous
that his friends should go home; but assum-
ing that it is amended, or that as' it stands it
would order an adjournment of the Senate, I
am not able, anxious a9 I am to oblige those
who are anxious to get" home, to vote for
it. It is true that heretofore there has been
some difficulty- in keeping a quorum of the
Senate and a quorum of the House together
during the holidays in the absence of any
adjournment; but as the compensation law is
now different, possibly that difference may
have some influence on such a result. As .
the law originally stood, whether the mem:
bers were present or were not present, they
received their per diem. As the law now" is
their per diem, if it can be called a per diem,
their proportion of the salary which the law
gives, which would be due them if they stayed
here, cannot be paid, unless they certify that
they are absent on account of sickness; so
that every member of the Senate and of the
House who leaves Congress while Congress
is in session, as long as he stays away, has so
much deducted out of his allowance. It is
barely possible, looking to the expense of
going away and the expense of returning,
that that may have some little weight in keep-
ing Senators and Representatives to what I
understand the Senator from Iowa admits is
their duty.
It seems to me to be rather singular for a gen-
tleman who has such a high sense of political
honor and moral duty to admit that it would
be virtuous to remain; in other words, right to
remain, and yet propose to go away. It is for
himself and for others for whom he is laboring
to judge whether it is a virtue that they assume
without having it. He seems to admit that he
would not be able to resist the temptation of
going away in order that he might actually
carry out the virtue of remaining here and dis-
charging the public business.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the res-
olution in the second line by inserting after the
word "the" and before the word " House"
the words "Senate and."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I, of course, shall vote
against that amendment, because that is ap-
plying the rule which I supposed obtained with
reference to the resolution as it stood before.
I did not observe the peculiar phraseology of
it. As it stands now, I understand it simply
adjourns the House and leaves the Senate in
session. The objection to that would be that
it would be substantially obstructing business
about as much'if one House was absent and the
other in session, as there could be no commu-
nication during all that time between the two
Houses.
Mr. JOHNSON. Except the executive busi-
Mr. FESSENDEN. Except the executive
business. That we might do. Therefore I
should not vote for it in that shape or in any
shape in which it can be put. t shall voto
against the amendment and also against the
resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am rather opposed
to this amendment. There seems to be a
greater necessity for the Senate to remain in
session than the House. They have a peculiar
way of doing business in the other House that
is certainly expeditious. They meet at nights,
with the understanding that no vote shall be
taken, and give every member an opportunity
to talk himself out. They do not restrict
debate, but they do not compel people who do
not wish to listen to speeches, to listen; b t in
this body we mnsfc listen to all the speeches
