1572
THE CONGIIESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
erally remaining in the families of their mas- j
ters, and probably there were about two thou- ;
satid of them in the Territory ; that is, so far
as Indian slavery is concerned. Some of these
Indians were captured by the Mexicans, and
some were captured by other tribes ot Indians
and sold to the Mexicans.
Then, as to the system of peonage, it is true
that by the law of Mexico before we acquired
the Territory of New Mexico the system of
peonage existed there; a system by which a
person indebted to another is compelled sPe"
cifically to perform labor until the debt is dis-
charged. The debtor has the privilege, under
their law, of hiring himself outto another man;
to get another man or master, if you please,
to purchase the debt; and then he goes along
with his debt to another master; but as long
as the debt remains he is compelled to serve.
According to the custom of that country with
that class of people, in the development of
civilization which they have attained, the prac-
tical fact was that almost always when one
desired to hire out, the first thing the laborer
desired to do was to get in debt to his master,
and get in debt as much Sis he could, and go
and live with him. Generally they are in the
employ of wealthy persons owning the lands,
and the peons live upon the lands and culti-
vate them as serfs. It is a system of serfdom.
I understood, however, from the chief justice
of the Territory, that in the decision which was
given by the court they had decided against
the power to hold these persons against their
will; they were not compelled to remain any
longer than they desired to remain; but as a
Eractical fact they do reside with the land-
olders throughout New Mexico to a consider-
able extent.
I state this simply as the information which
came to us upon our examination. The testi-
mony of Chief Justice Benedict and Governor
Connolly and various others in relation to the
system will be found in the appendix to the
report which we have made. I think I have
stated substantially just how it stands.
Mr. BUCKALB W. There is no doubt of
our jurisdiction in the Territory of New Mex-
ico to enact such a law as the one proposed.
I have some knowledge of this system and I
think the necessity for this law is evident.
Eventually the courts will weed out this system
in that Territory, and do it effectually ; but it
will remain lingering there for a considerable
time unless Congress shall interpose by a law
of this kind. Upon the publication of such a
statute in that Territory tne whole> system will
fall to the ground at once. I think anywhere
within the limits of the United States, with
our ideas and our civilization, it is a disgrace
that it should be permitted to continue where
the power of this Government can extend. In
practice, this is not a system of service for the
payment of a debt, in view of which the servi-
tude commences. As already explained, the
almost invariable fact is that the peon con-
tinues accumulating debt, and as that debt is
formed while he is subject to a master the
terms of it are always exceedingly unfavorable
to him, and for a very nominal consideration
he is continued in this system of service during
his whole lifetime. It is a system which de-
grades both the owner of the labor and the
laborer himself, and in my opinion the sooner
we terminate it the better.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the bill will now be
put on its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered as a substi-
tute for the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
ameuded, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading ; was read the third time, and
passed.
RIGHTS OF VOLUNTEERS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
bill (H. R. No. 1134) declaring and fixing the
rights of volunteers as a part of the Army.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in section one,
line fifteen, to strike out the word "and" and
to insert the word "butin line sixteen to
insert the word " only" before the word " ap-
ply," and to strike out the word " all" before
the word " appointments and in line seven-
teen, after the word "been" to insert the
words "or shall hereafter be;" so that the
section will read:
That in computing the length of service of any
officer of the Army, in order todetermmewhat allow-
ance and payment of additional or longevity rations
he is entitled to, and also in fixing the relative rank to
bo given to an officer as between himself ana others
having the same grade and date of appointment
and commission, there shall be taken into account
and creditod to such officer whatever time he may
have actually served, whether continuously or at
different periods, as a commissioned officer oi.the
United States, either in the regular Army, or since
the 19th dtiy of April, 1861, in the volunteer service,
either under appointment or commission from the
Governor of a State, or from the President of the
United States; but the provision herein contained
as to relative rank shall only apply to appointments
that have already been or shall hereafter bo made
under the act to fix the military peace establish-
ment of the United States, approved July 28,18W>.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the first section the following:
And all officers in the Army of the United States
who have served by commission in the volunteer
forces in the war for the suppression of the rebellion
shall have the same rank by brevet in the Army 01
the United States as the highest rank they held by
commission in the volunteer forces, not including
brevet commissions.
Mr. GRIMES. I have seen the statement
here—it is before us—that some gentlemen have
been appointed first lieutenants in the regular
Army who were colonels in the volunteer ser-
vice. Under this amendment, as I understand
it, if I do understand it, they will have the
brevet rank in the regular Army of colonel.
The result therefore will be that when they are
on detached service, although second lieuten-
ants, they will rank even the majors and lieu-
tenant colonels of the Army.
Mr. HARRIS. Major generals in the vol-
unteer service have been appointed captains
and first lieutenants.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from New York
tells me that there are major generals who have
been appointed captains and first Reutenants.
In that event, if there should happen to be one
of them in Texaa to-day he would rank the
general in command of the district.
Mr. LANE. The operation of this amend-
ment, as I understand, is just this: we pro-
pose to give officers appointed in the regular
Army from the volunteer service the brevet
rank of the highest grade which they held by
commission in the volunteers, and I think my-
self that is perfectly right and proper. Sup-
pose this case: a young man in 1861 was
appointed a lieutenant in the regular Army;
his neighbor went into the volunteer service;
they have both seen precisely the same service.
I see no possible reason why the highest com-
mission that the volunteer officer held should
not give him the brevet rank over the officer
in the regular Army; and that as I understand
is the whole of the amendment. I think it is
just and proper. I think this discrimination
against the volunteer service has been kept up
too long in the Army of the United States.
We look to the volunteer forces for the preser-
vation of the nation, and I will sanction no
discrimination against officers of the volunteer
service. It is true that many of these men,
now lieutenants and captains and majors, were
colonels and brigadier generals and major gen-
erals in the volunteers during the rebellion;
but they have rendered the same service pre-
cisely in the volunteer force as though they
had been in the regular Army, and although I
know there is opposition to it on the part of
regular officers, still I think it is perfectly just
that they should have this brevet grade accord-
ing to their service, whether in the volunteer
or in the regular forces.
Mr. GRIMES. I know of no opposition
on the part of regular Army officers to this
proposition, and I never heard of its being
made before. I never supposed that such a
proposition could be submitted to the Senate.
I do not understand that there is any antago-
nism or any indisposition to do justice to vol-
unteer officers; but everybody can see, I think,
the anomalous condition in which the matter
would be placed by this proposition. Take
the very case the Senator puts: a young man
entered the regular Army in 1801 as a captain;
he has perhaps reached the grade of a major;
he has done just as good service in the Army, I
suppose, during the six years as the m&n who
through family or political influence may have
been a lieutenant colonel or a colonel of vol-
unteers, and who has received perhaps the
brevet rank of a major general. Now, thou,
those two men, one of whom has been a major
in the regular Army for six years and the other
been in the volunteer service as a major gen-
eral or colonel, are in a regiment in Texas,
and the man who is lowest in lineal rank com-
mands the man who is in the highest, on ac-
count of his brevet rank. We all know how
these brevets have been conferred and how
these commissions have been granted. It
there is any way to create universal confu-
sion throughout the Army it is this proposi-
tion.
Mr. LANE. The Senator will permit me
to suggest that they are not to have rank on
account of their brevet promotions, but they
are to take the brevet rank of the highest com-
mission which they held in the volunteers.
That is the whole of it.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I certainly have as
great an admiration for the volunteer service
as my colleague; yet I am not able to see
this proposition just as he does. While we
want to confer all honor on the volunteer
service, I think it important that the Army
should be organized so as to produce no con-
flicts of command or authority or grade. The
proposition here is that an officer who has
been in the volunteer service, and who is now
appointed into the regular Army at a lower
grade, shall have the brevet rank of the high-
est grade he had in the volunteer service ; so
that it is legislating a brevet rank ; and that
brevet rank gives authority and real rank and
command on some occasions. It would be a
very pleasant thing if we could make all the
men who served in the volunteer service brig-
adier and major generals; but we cannot do
it. It has got to be done according to the in-
terests of the service ; and it seems to me that
the suggestions of the Senator from Iowa are
conclusive on this subject.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the second
section of the bill by inserting after the word
"regulations" in the fourth line the words
" so far as is consistent with the foregoing sec-
tion ;" so that it will read:
That in all matters relating to pay, allowances,
rank, duties, privileges, and rights of officers and
soldiers of the Army of the United States, the
rules and regulations, so far as is consistent with the
foregoing section, shall apply, &c.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot understand
this section. I wish the Senator having charge
of the bill would explain it. I understand
that the first section regulates the longevity ra-
tion, and nothing else, I think. I should like
to know what the second section amounts to.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Secretary to read
the second section of the bill.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Skc. 2. be it further enacted. That in all mat-
ters relating to pay, allowances, rank, duties, privi-
leges, and^rights of officers and soldiers of the Army
of the United States, the same rules and regulations
shall apply, without distinction, for such time a.- they
maybe or have been in the service, alike to those
who belong permanently to that service and to th *e
who, as volunteers, may be or have been commis-
sioned or mustered into the military service nnucr
the laws of the United States for a limited period.
