1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
897
The fact, as stated by the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs in a letter to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, is that the ap-
propriations in 186G, instead of being $4,000,-
000, were $2,408,050 for the entire Indian
service. This included all payments under
treaty stipulations and the providing for and
taking care of throe hundred thousand Indians.
Mr. Speaker, this is the alleged extravagance
of the Indian department.
Mr. KASSON. I understand that a little
while ago, during my absence from the House,
the gentleman made some personal allusion to
myself. I should be glad to know what it was.
Mr. WINDOSL 1 will yield to the gentle-
man in a moment.
Now, let us look for a moment at a specimen
of the management of Indian affairs by the
War Department. There are six thousand
Indians in New Mexico on the Bosque Ro-
dondo, who are under the entire management
and control of the War Department; and doc-
uments now before me show that the expendi-
tures for those six thousand Indians were
$1,500,000 in one single year. That is what
it cost the War Department to take care of
tliose six thousand Indians ; while this terribly
extravagant Indian Bureau takes care of three
hundred thousand Indians for less than double
that sum. The cost of subsistence of those
six thousand Indians in New Mexico was a
tittle less than $700,000, and the cost of trans-
Sortation for them a little more than $800,000.
locuments before me show that the cost of
transportation for the $-,-1G8,050 expended
by the Indian Bureau is only $127,308. It
will be seen, therefore, that in the item of
transportation alone, it costs the War Depart-
ment six times as much for six thousand
Indians as it does the Interior Department for
three hundred thousand Indians. Yet we are
asked with apparent sincerity to transfer the
control of Indian affairs to this wonderfully
economical War Department in order to save
money to the Treasury.
But a little further on that subject. When
the gentleman from Ohio was addressing the
House yesterday and speaking of the protection
given to the Indians by the military, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stkvexs] asked
me how much it cost to kill one Indian; to
which I replied about one million dollars. Ho
seemed to think that was a little extravagant,
and I agreed to compromise on $500,000 per
Indian. Now, after further reflection and
investigation, instead of compromising on
$500,000 for each Indian killed, I should dou-
ble my former estimate.
On the 7th of June last I had the honor to
introduce into this House a resolution calling
upon the Secretary of War to inform us what
was the cost of the military expeditions for the
suppression of Indian hostilities in 1864 and
1865, and I ask the Clerk to read the answer.
The Clerk read as follows :
War Department,
Washixstox City, December 3, 1S66.
StK: In compliance with a resolution of the House
of Kcpro^oiitativcs of June 7,1860, directing the Sec-
retary of War to inform the IIouso what amount of
money has boon expended for the suppression of In-
dian hostilities, A<.\, during the years 1804 and 1805,
I have tho honor to send herewith reports on the sub-
ject from the Quartermaster General, the Commissary
General of Subsistence, and the Paymaster General,
from which it wilt be ^cen that—
The quartermaster's department expended in
180 4 $fl,110,:>72 00 ,
180 5  19,203,850 00 |
The subsistence department expended in '
Jgtii  155,459 7 t .
1805.. ....  35LJ,78« 40 ]
n(* ^"0 Pa>" department expended in
180-4  508.953 95
1800  1,132,512 78
And that the total expenditures in
1864 and 1865 amount to 830,530,942 93
Some of tho above information having been only
recently received, this report could not be made in
time for the last session of Consross, but tho earliest
opportunity is now taken for presenting it.
Your obedient servant,
EDWIN M, STANTON,
Senretary <>/ War.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the JIoM.se of Representatives.
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 57.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, you will per-
ceive by this report of the Secretary of War
that the Indian military expeditions of 18G4
and 1805 cost over thirty million dollars. The
expedition in the Northwest under General
Sully cost in quartermaster's stores alone
$0,630,000. Let me give tho result of that
expedition, as stated by one well acquainted
with the facts:
" General Sully, with ten hundred and sixty-three
officers and men and eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven horses and mules, during a campaign of sev-
eral months, having maiched more than sixteen hun-
dred miles.didnot succocd in killing a single Indian,
except probably one Indian killed after the expedi-
tion returned to Fort Itice. An express rider claims
that he killed one; so that, matter is in dispute. Tho
Indian at any rate was admitted to bo friendly and
foolish. General Sully is an excellent officer; it was
not his fault because he did nut find the Indians; he
eould not overtake them; they were too cunning and
too fleet for him. His loss of course was not. heavy;
ho did, however, kill about ono hundrod horses, to
prevent them from falling into tho hands of tho In-
dians. I have been informed by a general officer in
tho United States Army, who has had a large experi-
ence in Indian affairs, who hays it costs nearly two
million dollars a year to support a regiment in tho
Indian country—J2,000,000 to kill ono Indian."
The report of the Secretary of War shows
that over six million dollars were spent in kill-
ing this one Indian; and it is still doubtful
whether he is living or dead. [Laughter.]
So much for tiie question of economy. These
are specimens of what the War Department
can do. Over thirty million dollars expended
in two years, and excluding the massacre of
friendly Indians by Colonel Chivington in co^d
blood, I venture to say it has cost the Govern-
ment on the average over two million dollars
for every Indian killed by the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. KASSON. When I was absent from
the House 1 understand the gentleman from
Minnesota alluded to me, saying that a squaw
followed me when I was upon the plains and
did not catch inc. In his case I suppose the
squaw did overtake him. [Laughter.]
Mr. WINDOM. I admit the gentleman can
run faster than I can. [Laughter.]
Mr. KASSON. One other point I wish to
present, and that is touching the number of
Indians killed.
Mr. WINDOM. That settles the squaw ques-
tion, and I cannot yield further. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. KASSON. I want to state one fact
touching the number of Indians killed in that
war. That is one side entirely of the question of
what caused the war. Tho number of Indians
killed in the light north of the Upper Platte
and near the Powder river in a single engage-
ment by military report appears to have been
much larger, four or five times at least, than
the number now stated by the gentleman. 1"
was on the plains at the time the battle took
place.
Mr. WINDOM. Was that General Pope's
report?
Mr. KASSON. No, sir.
Mr. WINDOM. I did not know but it was
one of those battles where ten thousand pris-
oners were taken.
There is a point made by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Scni:xoic] to which I wish to
allude, namely, that this transfer will be for
the benefit of the Indian himself. Let us look
at a few facts on that point and see how much
the friends of the "poor Indian"' propose to
do for him by this transfer. As I have said
before, we can only take a few instances, be-
cause there are but few of them where the
military has had entire control, for the pur-
pose of showing what they would do if clothed
with full powers. In these few instances we
may ascertain what would be the result if the
substitute proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio should pass.
Take, for instance, the case of the Indians at
Bosque Rodondo, to which I have referred. I
ask the Clerk to read a short extract from the
report of Mr. Norton, the superintendent for
New Mexico, as to the manner in which gentle-
men of the military profession treat the Indians
under their control.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mxtract from the Annual Report of Superintendent Nor-
ton for 1800.
"Of tho state of the health and morals of the iSTa-
vnjosyoucan form some idoafrom thoinelosed report
of the surgeon of tho hospital; and from, the best in-
formation I could gather when I visited tho Basque
tho tale is not half told, because thoy have such an
aversion to the hospital that but few of those taken
sick will ever go there. What a commentary is this
on the humanity, Christianity, and civilization of the "
white man! what adisgraee to the nation that seven
tliousandlndians.whilo held as prisoners of war, aro
thus treated; that the family circle is invaded and
their women, their wives, and daughters, are thus
prostituted and diseased by tho embraces of licen-
tious soldiery I You will also see by tho report of
my conference with the chiefs that they complained
of being molested by tho soldiers. The only remedy
for all this unbridled sensuality and licentiousness
must come through tlieSecretary of War, in an order
through the proper channels, to tho commander of
tho post."
Mr. WINDOM. I will leave that extract,
without comment, to make its own impression
upon the House and the country.
But there is one other case to which I will
refer, and that is the management by the War
Department of Indian affairs in Colorado Ter-
ritory. I send to the desk to.be read the depo-
sition of James D. Connor, lieutenant of the
first infantry New Mexico volunteers, taken by
the special committee of investigation. I have
erased from this report certain portions de-
scribing the action of white soldiers, because
they are too atrocious and revolting to be read
in the hearing of this House ; too horrid even
to be spread on paper.
The Clerk road as follows:
Fort Lyon, Coi.ouado Territory,
January 16, 1865.
Personally appeared before me, Lieutenant James
D.Connor, first New Mexico volunteer infantry, who.
after being duly sworn says: "that on the 28th day of
November, 1864,1 was ordered by Major Scott J. An-
thony to accompany him on an expedition (Indian)
as his battalion adjutant; the objcct of that expedi-
tion was to bo a thorough campaign against hostile
Indians, as I was led to understand. I referred to
tho fact of there being a friendly.camp of Indians
in the immediate neighborhood, and remonstrated
against simply attacking that camp, as 1 was awaro
that they wore rwtmgthcrcin fancied security under
promises held out. to them of satety from Major 13.
\V. Wynkoop, former commander oi the post of Fort
Lyon, as well as by Major  S. J. Anthony, then in
command. Our battalion was attached to the com-
mand of Colonel .J. M. Chivington, and left Fort
Lyon on the night of tho 28th of ]\ovemhor, 18(54;
about daybreak on tho morning of tho 29th of No-
vember we came in sight of the camp of the friendly
Indians aforementioned, and were ordered by Colo-
nel Chivington to attack tho same, which was ac-
cordingly done. The command of Colonel Chiving-
ton was composed of about one thousand men; tho
village of tho Indians consisted of from one hundred
to one hundred and thirty lodgo^, and as lar as I am
able to judge of from five hundred to mx. hundred
souls, tho majority of which were wnmon and chil-
dren; in going over the battle ground the next day
I did not sec a body ot man, woman or child but was
scalped,.and in many instances their bodieswero mu-
tilated in the most horrible manner." * * *
"I hoard another man say that he had cut tho
fingers oft' an Indian to get. theiinj^on the hand;
according to the best of my knowledge and belief
these atrocities that were committed were with
knowledge of «I. M. Chivington, and I do not know
of his taking any measures to prevent them; I heard
of one instance of a child a few months old being
thrown in the feed-box of a wagon, and after being
carried some distance left on the ground to perish."
* i- *■ * "All theso matters were a subject
of general conversation, and could not help being
known by Colonel J. M. Chivington.
"JAMES D. CONNOR,
"First Lieutenant First Infantry New Mexico Volq."
Mr. BID WELL. I would like to askwhethcr
the conduct of Colonel Chivington was not
rebuked by the War Department at the time?
Mr. WINDOM. I presume, Mr. Speaker,
that it was rebuked; but when gentlemen stand
here arguing that it is for the benefit of the In-
dian to turn him over to the hands of men who
have shown themselves capable of such brutal
conduct, 1 think it is but iair that some exam-
ples of their mode of treatment should be pre-
sented to the House.
Here was a band of about five hundred
friendly, quiet, and peaceable Indians, en-
camped with their wives and children; attacked
by one thousand United States soldiers, massa-
cred in cold blood, and treated in a manner
which would make the very fiends below blush
for shame.
I would havj preferred not to call the atten-
tion of the House to this revolting subject, but
