1574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
rank, duties, privileges, and rights of officers and
eoldiers of the Army of the United States, the same
rules and regulations shall apply, without distinction,
for 6uch time as they maybe or have been in the
service, alike to those who belong permanently to
that service and to those who, as volunteers, may be
or have been commissioned or mustered into trie
military service under the laws of the United States
for a limited period.
Mr. CONNESS. That is a very long sen-
tcncG.
Mr! HENDRICKS. It is so long that I
cannot understand it.' Laws ought to be ex-
pressed clearly, in plain words, that a man not
skilled particularly in the business might com-
prehend them; but I confess my inability to
comprehend this second section, and unless
it can be explained, I shall move to strike it
out.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know that I can
explain it so that the Senator will understand
it, but I will endeavor to state what I under-
stand it to mean and what the purpose of it is.
It provides—
That in all matters relating to pay, allowances,
rank, duties, privileges, and rights oi omcers and
soldiers of the Army of the United States, tho same
rules and regulations shall apply without distinction
for such time as tfiey may bo or have been in tho
service, alike to those who belong permanently to
that service and to thosowho as volunteers may bo
or have been commissioned or mustered into tho
military service under the laws of tho United States
for a limited period.
Now, I understand this to be that so far as
pay is concerned, so far as allowances are con-
cerned, so far as duties, rights, and privileges
are concerned, it puts on precisely the same
footing the men who have been in the regular
Army during the war and the men who were
in the volunteers and have since been pat into
the regular Army. They are put on an equal-
ity in every ysspcct in regard to allowances
and privileges. For instance, if a man has
served four years in the volunteers, and that
were counted, by serving one year more would
make five years, which would entitle him to a
service ration, which would be $108 per year
added to his pay. The man in tho regular
Anny entering the service, perhaps on the same
day, receives that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is provided for in
the first section.
Mr. WILSON. That is the meaning here
also. The object was to put them on a per-
fect equality. As the law now stands, the four
years' service performed by a volunteer offic er
does not count anything toward his allowances,
and it does not count according to his rank.
This will put them on a perfect equality, and I
think it ought to stand.
Mr. NESMITH. I have made a little mod-
ification of my amendment. It is to insert at
the end of the first section, where the commit-
tee proposed to insert their amendment, these
words:
And the President is hereby authorised to confer
brevet rank upon officers in the regular Army for
their servioes in the volunteerforoes.
Mr. WILSON. I will accept that amend-
ment. But I will tell you what I think will be
the result under it. Those who can gain the
Executive ear and influence will receive the
brevets ; and those who cannot will not.
Mr. NESMITH. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee this question: if
he thinks brevet rank can be conferred in the
manner proposed by the amendment reported
by the committee, without nomination and
confirmation by the Senate? It cannot under
the present law.
Mr. WILSON. It provides who on certain
occasions shall be these officers, and then the
officers are nominated, and we can confirm
them.
Mr. LANE. I have no objfection to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ore-
gon, except this : that I see no possible neces-
sity for it, because under the general law and
the regulations of the Army the President has
the perfect right to confer brevet rank upon
every officer in the regular Army, just precisely
as much as he would have if this bill passes.
I see no objection to it. however.
Mr. NESMITH. I beg the Senator's par-
don. He has 'not a right to confer brevet
rank on every officer in the Army except for
distinguished services in the field.
Mr. LANE. The President has now pre- i
cisely the same right to confer brevet rank on
every officer in the regular Army that lie would
have after the passage of this bill. For dis- .
tinguished services in the field he may confer
brevet rank on volunteer officers. I do not
think there is anything wrong in the amend-
ment, for it is precisely a reaffirmance of the
law which has existed for seventy-five years;
nothing more, nothing less.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Oregon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
DRAFTED "ir..\\
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up
House bill No. 811.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 811) for the
relief of certain drafted men.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs have reported an amendment, striking
out the whole of the preamble and the original
bill itself and inserting a simple section as a
substitute. I' do not think, therefore, it will
be necessary to read the whole bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Only the
section proposed to be inserted will be read,
unless the reading of the original bill is called
for by some Senator.
The Secretary read tho substitute of the
committee, as follows:
That the Secretary of War bo authorized and di-
rected to refund to each person drafted into the mil-
itary service, who, having paid for exemption from
said draft, was again drafted into and actually entered
the military servico within ouo year from the date at
which payment for exemption from a prior draft had
been made, or who, having furnished a substitute, was
again drafted and rendered service within ono year, ,
tho sum of $100, which shall be a full and final settle-
ment of such claim, and shall only be paid by the
Secretary of War upon condition that thesaid amount 1
is accepted as a final settlement, and there is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, asum sufficient to make such
payments.
Mr. WILSON. I will explain this bill, which
comes from the House of Representatives. _ In
one of the districts of Pennsylvania, I think
the sixteenth congressional district, the district
represented in the last Congress by Mr. Cof-
froth, there were about one hundred and fifty
men who were drafted in the summer of 1804
under a call, and in the February following
were drafted again. They had paid the com-
mutation of $300 the first time, but were drafted
again. Some of them hired substitutes; others
entered the service in the month of March,
1865, and were discharged in the latter part of
April of that year. On application to the
Department here it was ruled that the Govern-
ment could not hold them. They now come
here and ask us to pay them back the commu-
tation money which they paid in June and July,
1864, and the House have passed this bill giving
these persons—there are about one hundred
and fifty of them—the $300. The amendment
of the committee gives them $100 instead of
$300, on the ground that they owed service to
the Government of the United States in June,
1864, when they paid their commutations. They
entered the service in March following, eight or
nine months afterward, and we considered that
we had a claim on their services during that
time, and to pay them back the $300 would not
be just to the Government. They were in the
service some three or four weeks, and were
discharged on the ground that the Government
had not the right to hold them. They had
their pay, clothing, and transportation. We
now propose to give them $100 instead of $300.
We consider that we had a Claim on their ser-
vices for eight or nine months, and should not
give up this $300; but we propose to give them
$100 for the few weeks thjit they served or
hired substitutes, and the amendment provides
that this shall be a final settlement, that there
shall never be any future claim. It turns out
that here and there a similar case has occurred
in the country. Perhaps there may be two
hundred or three hundred in the whole United
States. We propose to settle them on this
baMr. POMEROY. I do not like to dispute
this claim; but I wish to remind the chairman
of the Committee On Military Affairs that I
have not been able to get the ear of that com-
mittee on a claim entirely similar, much less
the action of the committee. There was a
draft ordered in the State that I have the honor
in part to represent in 1864. I thought at the
time there was nothing due from the State ot
Kansas, because I knew our quota must be
full; but according to the showing of the War
Department at that time, we did owe some men
upon the quota as made out, and they ordered
the draft enforced, and the provost marshals
commenced drafting. It was ascertained in
the course of two or three weeks that not only
was there nothing due, but we were three or
four thousand men ahead of all culls. In the
mean time they had drafted about one hundred
men—about the same number provided for in
this bill. Some of them were held ; others
^paid their commutation money and were dis-
charged. Now, I should like to haTe a bill
brought in that would cover all cases of this
character.
Mr. WILSON. This is a general bill, apply-
ing to everything of the kind.
1 Mr. POMEROY. If it will meet the cases
; of the character I speak of it will be very grati-
' fying to me ; but 1 do not think it will. The
i Department at first claimed that the State of
Kansas was indebted to the Government some
1 three thousand men. When they corrected
! their account, and gave us the official report
I on the subject, it was ascertained that we were
1 three thousand and some hundred ahead of
j all calls. Now, I ask the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts whether he has got any provision
here that will make a settlement with the one
hundred men who were drafted when there wa^
nothing due from my State? Have you got
anything in the bill that will meet that case ?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir, I think we have
nothing of that kind. This is a bill that ap-
' plies to men who were drafted when we had
j no right to draft them by law.
I Mr. POMEROY. That is precisely the case
in my State.
Mr. WILSON. As for calling for more
troops from Kansas than they thought were
due, that is a mistake of the Department,
which they must settle with the State of Kan-
sas. I hope the Senator from Kansas will not
arrest the passage of this bill by a discussion
of that question. I suggest to him that Kan-
sas has the glory, and it is a glory and an
honor forever, of furnishing her full quota
and a few over.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not expect to arrest
the passage of this bill. I thought if I could
arrest the attention of the committee it would
be all I should aspire to.
Mr. WILSON. Well, the committee have
had their attention arrested.
Mr. POMEROY. In the next place, T say
glory is not as valuable always as to have some-
thing in a man's pocket. A man cannot live
on glory always. Some of our men who have
served all through the war are entirely desti-
tute, having served when there was not a man
due from the State, and we could not get
them discharged. There was never a day,
from the time the war began until its close
that our State was not thousands ahead of all
j calls.
j Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
| that some States were ahead at times on spe-
| cial drafts; but the Administration in making
j their calls intended to equalize them: and it
the war had continued a year longer Kansas
