136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Decetober 14|
Mf. PIUCE, Such things hare been done
without legislation on the subject.
Mr. KptiANO. Now, let me say on the
very threshold of this case, I presented it to
tl\6 -Secretary of the Treasury, that he ex-
ftieisSl the strongest deske for the relief of
iaese men, but was unwilling to set the fearful
example of duplicating these notes. He said
he'.preferred the course I have taken, this spe-
cific authority to allow him to pay it, not because
8tvthis necessity, butfor the teasons I will state
hereafter.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. Suppose
the "ilotesf shall be found hereafter.
MS.' DELANO. It provides six months shall
expire before they are paid; and the Secretary
of the Treasury may require of Ober, Nanson
& Co., their assigns or legal representatives,
to execute and deliver such bond of indemnity,
with adequate sureties', as he may deem neces-
sary before such payment is made.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman who has the joint resolution in
charge, what necessity there is for the passage
of this measure at this time ? These notes do
not fall due till September, 1868, and this joint
resolution provides they shall no,t be paid till
six months after that, whi^ii will make it "two
years and three months from this time. If the
owners of this claim are not fearful these notes
may turn up, or some evidence which will pre-
vent the passage of this joint resolution in the
future, what is the necessity,of pressing it now ?
Certainly the reason intimated by the gentle-
man from Ohio, that these parties want this in
order to negotiate or borrow money is not suffi-
cient, if they are men of the character set forth
by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hogan.]
Mr. DELANO. I think I brought the minds
of those gentlemen who have given me their
attention to the legitimate question. We avoid
the objection of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Washburne,] that this makes the Gov-
ernment responsible for notes sent by mail, and
bring ourselves down to this very question, that
the Government may pay its indebtedness for
notes that are lost and destroyed. It is asked:
why shall this specific authority be given in
this case? I want the House thoroughly to
understand this matter.
Mr. HCJBBARD, of Connecticut. Will the
gentleman yield?
Mr. DELANO. Certainly.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I would
like to know whether the affidavits that we
have heard read may be considered as having
been made in court or before the committee
under such circumstances that the parties
would be liable to be prosecuted for perjury
in case it should turn out that their testimony
was corruptly false ?
Mr. DELANO. These affidavits have all
been taken before persons authorized to ad-
minister oaths in the city of New York. The
claim was brought and represented to me by
Hiram Barney, of New York, a gentleman
whom I have known for a long time and on
whose character I felt that I had some right
to rely. I went with him to the Secretary of
the Treasury, and under the advice and at the
desire of the latter I introduced this joint
resolution. But that is of no consequence
except to let the House understand why I act.
Mr. Barney represented this firm, and the facts
in the case convince me that it is true, as being
highly honorable, but not very strong. Here
is $00,000 taken out of their business,-and it is
to them a very serious embarrassment, as every
business man can understand.
Mr. PAINE. Will th« gentleman allow me
to ask whether Mr. Barney in this transaction
was the attorney of the parties ?
Mr. DELANO. That I do not know. I
do not know whether he was aioting with a fee
or without it ; but I know so much of Hiram
Barney, that it would make no difference to
him whether he was or not. The loss to the
business of these men is a serious embarrass-
meut. They wanted duplicates of these notes
and they were willing to agree to take notes
payable ten ye;u\i hcuce with interest if dupli-
cates could be given. But we were unwilling
to duplicate them.
This resolution does not increase the legal
liability of the Government to pay these notes;
Wovided the destruction is clearly proven.
e propose by this resolution that .the Govern-
ment shall pay them six moaths after maturity,
taking proper security, so that when-this be-
comes a lav/ these men will have in the money
market the evidence upon which loans can be
obtained,
I have thus endeavored to state the case clearly
and fairly to the House. It has been only after
very full investigation, and with the advice of
the Secretary of the Treasury, that I have
brought it before the House. It is a relief
against a great casualty, which we can afford to
give without setting any precedent that will be
dangerous hereafter.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Before the gentleman sits
down I wish to suggest that this is not a present
claim against the Government. The parties
expect about two years hence to have a claim,
but until the two years expire there is no claim
accruing.
Mr. DELANO. Each gentleman can state
the question to suit himself. The fact is the
notes have been lost, the proof is clear, the
money has been taken out of the business of
the firm, and the Government will not issue
duplicates. These men are therefore deprived
of the evidence of the indebtedness of the Gov-
ernment to this large amount, and if we pass
this bill we shall say to them in the form of an
enactment that six months after the maturity
of these notes, if they give the proper security,
the amount shall be paid.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 think the House must
understand this question, and if no one desires
to discuss it any further I will move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.^ I desire
to say one word, with the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. DELANO. Very well; 1 will yield for
that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What I
wish to say is "in regard to the testimony in
this case, for I think it is a matter to be closely
watched as to the sufficiency of the testimony.
I will state that the testimony in this case does
not begin to be half as strong as the testimony
in the case to which I referred some time since,
where the bonds subsequeutly came to light.
There is only a certificate here.
Mr. DE LANO. The affidavits are sworn to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It states
that Mr. Cole, a notary public, certifies so-and-
so. I do not see anywhere that Mr. Cole has
made any oath whatever as to these matters.
According to the face of the report, which the
gentleman has made the only evidence what-
ever upon which this claim is based, is the ex
parts, affidavit of the parties in interest, and
that is the affidavit of the petitioner, sworn to
before Mr. Stillman, that he drew the money,
and so forth. That is the only evidence that
appears here in regard to this money. _ The
certificate of the registered letter which is set
out here is merely the ordinary and formal
certificate which is made by every postmaster
where a letter is registered. There is no evi-
dence here of any disinterested parties that
they saw these compound-interest notes in the
letter. I submit to my friend from Ohio if
upon a reexamination of the question he really
thinks the evidence set out here is sufficient for
us to act upon. It seems to me extraordinary
that any business man should deposit the sum
of $60,000 in compound-interest notes in a
registered letter to New Orleans, when there
are express companies everywhere. Thatseems
to me rather strange on the whole. I do not
doubt that these gentlemen are very honorable
and trustworthy men, but that does not alter the
principle. We must act on the testimony. The
testimony must go upon the record, so that if
we establish this precedent it maybe seen upon
what we acted.
Mr. HILL. I have prepared a joint resolu-
tion for the purpose of referring this (_a;,e to "
the Covjrt of Claims, The report of the com-
mittee has been read, and it appears from that,
as the gentleman from Illinois has stated, that
there is the ex parte affidavit of the claimant
himself, and that that is the only affidavit before
the House.
Now, as has been already stated, there are
two years yet before any claim for the payment
of these notes can be made, and I think that
in the mean time the Court of Claims can in-
vestigate the matter. There are certainly some
very peculiar circumstances attending this ease.
It is remarkable that'with so many express
companies in the country, good business men
should deposit $60,000 in a registered letter.
Owing to these peculiarities in the case I wish
to aibmit a joint resolution referring the claim
to the Court of Claims.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield for that purpose?
Mr. DELANO. lean see no good that is
to be accomplished by referring the case to the
Court of Claims. I would rather that the bill
should be defeated than referred to the Court
of Claims.
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to make an explanation?
Mr. DELANO. Certainly.
Mr. SLOAN. My colleague [Mr. Coup.] lias
referred to a vote that I gave, in the-Thirty-
Eighth Congress as an inconsistency if I vote
now for this bill. I desire simply to say that
my colleague is mistaken and that I did not
vote for the bill to which he refers.
Mr. DELANO. I will not detain the House
any longer, even to reply to my friend from
Illinois. I say to the House again that the
evidence is as clear in this case as human tes-
timony can snake it that these notes were put
into a package, which was put into the post
office and into the United States mail, and that
the vessel containing that mail went down at
sea within one hundred and fifty, miles of the
coast.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,3
if the witnesses who made proof of the facts
here set forth were subjected to a personal
examination by the Committee of Claims ?
Mr. DELANO. They were not. The char-
acter of the men who brought this claim, the
character which they bear at the Treasury De-
partment, where they had been before, did not
seem to us to require it.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Does the gen-
tleman know of the existence of the notary
and other persons named in these papers ex-
cept from the gapers themselves?
Mr. DELANO. And from public rumor;
that is all.
Mr. DEMING. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Deiaxo] allow me to inquire when
this claim originated?
Mr. DELANO. In the fall of 1865. These
notes were mailed on the 18th of October, 186-5.
Mr. DEMING. During the disturbed rela-
tions of the mail service at New Orleans, when
the Union army first went there  
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I would
inquire if the morning hour has expired.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
just expired.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I move to pro-
ceed to business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. DEMING. I believe I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. At the expiration of the
morning hour, any member can move to pro-
ceed to business upon the Speaker's table, even
though another member may be upon the floor •
addressing the House. The Chair will have
the rule read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
" It is an invariable practice, too, to permit a mem-
berupon the expiration of the morning hour to take
the floor, even though another may be occupying if.
to make the motion to proceed to business on the
Speaker's table."
Mr. DELANO. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingebsou.j will permit we to call
the previous question upon the passage of this
joint resolution and have it disposed of now,
Mr. INGERSOLL. If it shall not interfere
