900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
{he infliction of punishment for certain crimes,
and am I out of order for aslsing in what way
the Senate have seen fit to amend it?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not out
of order in asking that, and he was not called
to order for that, but for stating that the House
was voting without knowing what it was voting
upon.
Mr. WRIGHT. That is exactly the case,
sir. [Laughter.]
The Clerk read the first amendment of the
Senate with the context.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that all
the amendments of the Senate he concurred
in, unless some gentleman desires a separate
vote upon any amendment. I will state that
all these amendments are designed to conform
the penalties provided by this bill to those now
provided by existing law or the crime of coun-
terfeiting.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendments were
concurred in; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WINONA AND ST. PETERS RAILROAD.
Bill of the Senate No. 494, for the relief of
the Winona and St. Peters Railroad Company,
was next taken from the Speaker's ta,ble, read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
RAILROAD JROJI Si(N FRANCISCO TO HUMBOLDT.
The SPEAKER stated that the next busi-
ness in order upon the Speaker's table was the
consideration of the bill of the Senate No. 133,
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the waters of
the bay of San Francisco to Humboldt bay,
in the State of California, which bill was post-
poned on the last night of the last session, and
again postponed on the 18th of December.
Mr. McRUER. I ask for the consideration
of that bill at the present time.
Mr. HALE. 1 think it is a bill that ought
to be referred to some committee.
Mr. McRUER. Let me say that, although
it is a Senate bill and is now upon the Speaker's
table, it has, nevertheless, been considered by
the Committee on Public Lands, and I am
authorized by that committee to present an
amendment in the nature of a substitute for
the bill.-
It will be recollected by the House that this
bill was postponed on the evening before the
last day of the last session of Congress. It has
been before the Committee on Public Lands
for at least six months, and has been carefully
considered by them. They have prepared an
amendment which is to be submitted as a sub-
stitute for the original bill.
I would not, sir, press the bill upon the
House for action now, were it not that this is
probably the last opportunity that we shall have
during the present session to consider it.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from Cali-
fornia permit me to suggest that it is hardly
possible that this bill can be passed to-night
without some further consideration than the
House can now give it? I suggest to him there-
fore that if he is unwilling to have the bill
referred to a committee he allow it to retain its
place upon the Speaker's table for the present.
Mr. McRUER, I have no objection to that
course.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill will remain upon the table. The Chair
hears no objection.
TENURE OP CIVIL OMICE.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate No. 453, regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. HALE. I desire to put this bill upon its
passage as early as reasonably may be. There
are several gentlemen, some upon this side of
the House and some upon the other, who desire
to be heard upon it. It is a subject to the dis-
cussion of which the House has already devoted
some days upon a similar bill reported by the
gentlemanfromPennsylvania, [Mr.Williams.]
That discussion involved all the questions which
are involved in this bill; and I therefore give
notice that if it be consistent with the views of
the House I should like to bring the House to
a vote upon this bill at four o'clock to-morrow
afternoon, thus affording an opportunity to
some gentlemen to be heard upon it.
I understand, however, that the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations desires to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on an appropriation bill, and I
have no objection to that course being pursued
if this bill will come up to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. It will be the unfinished
business to-morrow morning.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the "Whole on the state of the Union, [Mr.
Po.iiEBOY in the chair,] and proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, being bill
of the House No. 919, making appropriations
for fortifications and other works of defense
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1368.
By unanimous consent the first reading of
the bill was dispensed with, and the Clerk pro-
ceeded to read it by clauses for amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend the bill by
inserting at the end of line eighteen the fol-
lowing :
For commencement of two additional forts for tho
defense of Por' land harbor, Maine, including the
purchase of sites, $150,000.
I desire to state very briefly, if I can get the
attention of the committee, that I am instructed
to offer this amendment by the Committee on
Military Affairs, and that they propose it at the
instance of the Secretary of War, who for-
warded to that committee a communication
from the chief of Engineers, General Hum-
phreys. This item was left out by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, but he gives sub-
stantial reasons why tho appropriation should
be made at this time. I do not desire to
debate the matter at any length, and unless
some gentleman desires further information I
will with this brief statement leave the ques-
tion to the committee.
Mr. SPALDING. I think we have thrown
away money enough on fortifications already;
and unless those items come to us in the regu-
lar estimates I think we better vote them all
down.
The question was taken; and upon a division,
there were—ayes twenty.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. BLAINE said: I desire, if there is no
objection, to make a statement to the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. BLAINE. I did not know there would
be any objection to this item, or I would have
made a further statement when I had the floor.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to any debate
after a division upon the question.
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw my amendment.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. BLAINE. I now move to amend by
inserting the following:
For the commencement of two additional forts for
the defense of Portland harbor, Maine, including the
purchase of sites, $155,000.
That is $5,000 more than my other amend-
ment proposed to appropriate, and is therefore
a different proposition. Upon this amendment
I am entitled to the floor, and I will make a
statement to the House of the facts of this ease
as concisely as I can.
The chief of Engineers recommends an ap-
propriation of $150,000 for the purchase of
sites and the commencement of two forts in the
harbor of Portland, Maine. He says, in a
communication to the War Department, under
date of January 24, 1867, which I now hold
in my hand—
"The largely increased range of modern artillery
has had theeffeetof diminishingthe security hitherto
afforded by such of our sea-coast works as are situ-
ated so near to the objects they are designed tocovcr
that iron-clads may approach near enough to shell
those objeets without bein? themselves seriously en-
dangered by the works. It therefore becomes neces-
sary in such, cases to establish an exterior line of
works which shall hold an enemy's ships at asreater
distance, while the present works will serve the in-
dispensable purpose of a second line with which to
meet the enemy with a powerful fire in case he should
force the new outer barrier, or pass it with a portion
of his fleet, while the rest are engaged with theworks.'
This is the condition of things at Portland, where the
§ resent line of works, consisting of Forts Preble,
cammell and Gorges, are so near the city arid ship-
ping in the harbor, that both the latter may be
shelled simultaneously with an attack upon, the
works."
Mr. Chairman, in the opinion of the Engi-
neer corps, and especially of those who are en-
trusted with our sea-coast defenses, the city
and harbor of Portland are of superlative im-
portance, deserving and demanding the utmost
protection that the most thorough fortifications
can afford. The city and harbor do not de-
serve this merely because of the thirty thou-
sand enterprising inhabitants in the one nor the
valuable shipping in the other ; but because of
the immense importance of the position as
affecting the defenses of the whole country in
the event of a foreign war. Should we ever be
so unfortunate as to have a war with England,
her first point of attack would be Portland, and
with her powerful navy against the fortifica-
tions we now have there if would be presump-
tuous folly to declare that she might not cap-
ture it. And I ask gentlemen on this floor if
they can measure the magnitude of that loss to
us and gain to our -enemy. It would at onee
give to England not only the finest naval sta-
tion on the North American coast, but would
give her the command of the entire line of the
Grand Trunk railway. And England in pos-
session of Portland, Quebec, and Montreal,
could hold the Grand Trunk railroad against
any force we could bring againsther, and hold-
ing it she would have, both winter and summer,
the most expeditious and complete channel of
supply to her troops along our northern fron-
tier from Island Pond to Detroit.
Indeed the loss of Portland and the Grand
Trunk road would bS -as heavy a blow to us
in a war with England as we inflicted on
the rebels when we captured New Orleans and
regained control of the Mississippi river. And
I assure my friend from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
that in resisting this small appropriation of
$150,000 at this time he may be putting in
peril that which, if once lost, $150,000,000
would feil to regain. I am not seeking to give
the impression that there is now the slightest
prospect of war and I trust the day is very
remote when we shall have to encounter such
a calamity. But we know the old injunction
as to our duty "in time of peace," and we
know, moreover, that a thorough preparation
for war is the surest way to escape it. Impreg-
nable fortifications are least frequently as-
saulted ! These are the views which have
governed the engineer department in urging
the erection of additional forts at Portland,
and with this brief presentation of the leading
facts of the case I am willing to submit the
question to the judgment of the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to this appro-
priation, for the reason that it is for the com-
mencement of a new work. It is not to carry
on a fort already commenced there, but it is to
commence a new fort there in Portland harbor:
an appropriation of $150,000 to commence
new forts. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaixe] says that it is necessary to have these
outer forts constructed for the purpose of
strengthening the forts already built there. He
may with equal propriety ask for an appropria-
tion to build still another line of forts outside
of those now proposed, in order to strengthen
them when they shall have been built. Beside,
there are no estimates from the War Depart-
ment for this expenditure ; none at all-
Mr. BLAINE. This item eomes to us in a
