1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
communication from the War Department,
signed "Edwin M. Stanton," who, I believe,
is still Secretary of War. I hold in my hand
his letter transmitting the communication from
General Humphreys, chief of Engineers, from
which I read an extract at the beginning of my
remarks. Mr. Stanton, in his own letter, says:
"Those new works recommended by the chief of
Engineers are regarded as very important, and have
the approval of tho \¥ar Department."
I ask the gentleman from Ohio if this is not
a very distinct and very emphatic recommenda-
tion from the proper official quarter ?
Mr. SPALDING. I ask that the Committee
On Appropriations, which is formed for the
purpose, shall have the poor privilege of in-
vestigating these matters. The Secretary of
the Treasury sent to us his estimates, including
those from the War Department; which did not
embrace any for this purpose.
Mr. BLAINE. I have already stated that
this is a regular estimate made by the War De-
partment. It was sent, as such communica-
tions usually are, to the Military Committee,
of which I am a member; and it is by express
instruction from that committee that I have
submitted the pending proposition. The gen-
tleman from Ohio will observe that it comes
here through the regular, proper, recognized,
and authenticated channel.
Mr. SPALDING. The proposition to make
this particular appropriation at this particular
period of time is a very extraordinary one. I
think we are dealing with the money of the
people in a very loose way when wc undertake
to vote away, at the instance of solixe one
member of this Houso, $150,000 for a new
fortification.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman says this is
asked at the instance "of one member of this
House." Why, sir, I have this moment de-
tailed the circumstances under which this prop-
osition is now here. It came, I repeat, from
the Engineer Bureau, specially indorsed and
recommended by the Secretary of War, ap-
S roved by the Military Committee of this
touse, and now moved by me in pursuance
of instructions from that committee. I hope
I need not have to repeat these facts again.
Mr. SPALDING. I say further that, during
the last year, we have voted $500,000 probably
for this verv town of Portland 
Mr. BLAINE. Oh, no.
Mr. SPALDING. And gentlemen should
not complain if we require a little time for de-
liberation before we vote &150,000 more.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend the amend-
ment by making the amount ^ICO,000.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to say in reply to tlie
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spai.dixu] that there
have been estimates for these works from the
War Department; and the gentleman will find
them upon page 86 of the book of Departmental
Estimates. The estimates sent in by the De-
partment. for these very works amount to
SI 50,000. Tho appropriation for this purpose
is not included in tie bill reported by the com-
mittee; but it is'among the estimates from
which the bill was made up. •
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman will permit
me to say that his statement is correct. A pro-
posed appropriation for this work was included
m the estimates; but it is a rule of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, where an entirely
new work is proposed, to wait until the appro-
priate committee of the House has reported in
favor of the construction of the work, before
acting on such estimates. I understand that
the Committee on Military Affairs have con-
sidered this subject and are in favor of the con-
struction of these works. I ask the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Blaixe] to state whether this
proposition comes formally from that commit-
tee.
Mr. BLAINE. It does come formally from
that committee. I offer this amendment by
instruction of the committee, as I have already
stated more than once ; otherwise the motion
would have come from my colleague [Mr.
Lyxcii] who represents the district in which
Portland is situated.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I had no
knowledge that any such amendment would be
offered. If my colleague had not presented
it as a member of the Military Committee I
should not have offered it, for the reason that
I do not consider military works as matters of
merely local importance. In my view the fort-
ifications around the harbor of Portland are
not for the benefit merely of that city. When,
therefore, propositions of this kind come up
here I do not feel especially called on to ad-
vocate them as local matters. If they are
not matters of national importance appropri-
ations for them should not be made by the
national Government.
With regard to the necessity for these new
works let me make a single statement. In
October, 1861, the Secretary of State, in a
communication to tho Governor of Maine,
asked the corporation of the State and the
loan of its credit, toward fortifying the harbors
of the State. On account of that communica-
tion the Governor of Maine appointed a com-
mission, and that commission conferred with
tho United States authorities on the subject.
A military commission was sent to examine
thecoastof Maine. It examined, among other
points, tho old fortifications around Portland,
and made plans and estimates for new fortifi-
cations. These very works were estimated for
at that time, and are upon the plans of the en-
gineer department submitted in 1801. The
present proposition is simply t.o carry out the
plans of the engineer department submitted
at that time. I desire the Clerk to read an
extract from the reply of the Governor of
Maine to the communication of the Secretary
of State, for it sets forth very clearly the facts
of the ease.
Tho Clerk read as follows:
From tho 8tato lino ;iI, ICittery to West Quoddy
Head, in a coast lino of thrco hundred miles, there
are over one hundred good harbors at which ships
are built and manned, with nn actual shore-lino of
more than thrco thousand miles, following the lino
of tide-water into navigable bays, inlets, and deep
river estuaries. Not one harbor is properly de-
fended, and in only three have attempts at defense
boen ina.de.
The lushest military authorities would undoubt-
edly concur in the opinion that l'oitland should bo
made the groat naval depot of the United States on
the Atlantic ocean. Its geographical position com-
al ands Canada on the north, and the lower Provinces
on the ear-t, if pioperly fortified, as hues of railway,
completed or in process of construction, radiate from
it to Quebec and Montreal, and to St. John and Hal-
ifax. Tho harbor is one of the finest on the Atlantic
ocean or in the world, and can easily ho so fortified
as to be as impregnable as Gibraltar, and far stronger
than Quebec, .Sebastopol, or Cherbourg. Halifax
baiboi, the great British naval depot on tho Ameri-
can continent, now occupied by tho combined fleets
of En gland and France, closes tho outlet of thegrcat.
gulf lying between Cape Cod and Capo Sable, and
unless Portland is defended Iho whole peninsula
cast, of Lake Chauiplain is easily subjected to foreign
contiol.
If (treat Britain held the harbor of Portia,nd and
the line of laihvay to Montreal a.nd Quebec she
would drive American commerce from the ocean and
tho great lakes. The stratcgeLic importance of Port-
land is shown by rcfercnee to any general map of tho
whole country, and its capabilities for defense arc
exhibited by the charts ot tho United States coast
survey of 1859.
Portland harbor is an arm of tho sea, formod by
five outlying islands that shut out tho swell of tho
ocean. Tile main or great ship channcl is only one
hundred and seventy icdsin width, carrying from
eight to ton fathoms at low water, inside Bangs
Island. This island is the natural fortress that de-
fends tho approach to tho harbor; its outside shore-
line, extending over one milo in a nearly straight
line, rises about eighty feet, above the level of tho
sea. The distance from this outer shore-wall of the
island is less than three miles trom the densely pop-
ulated portion of the peninsula on which tho city is
built. Behind thisnatural fortress ships-of-war may
lie in deep water and shell tho city, entirely pro-
tected fig. in the guns of Fort Preblo, Fort Scammel,
or Fort Gorges. In point, of fact, the present forts
are of very little, if any, value in defending the city
from guns of long range used in modern warfare.
Bangs Island contains two hundred and twenty
acres. By fortifying this island all possible approach
to Portland by water with large ships is cut off. In
that event no holding ground or place of anchorago
can he found where gunboats can reach the city with-
out coming within range of the guns of its fort or
those of Fort Gorges. .
By making Bancs Island a fortress, Fort Gorges
may be advantageously changed into a wator-bat-
tery, with only one tier of guns, and the expense ot
the proposed cascmatc-battery saved, and thereby
Portland would becomo impregnable by water.
The town itself is situated on a high peninsula,
once ail island two and a half milos in length and
averaging three fourths of a mile in width, around
which still sweep the tide-waters of Casco bay, ap-
proaching withm a few rods from opposito sides, A
ditb'h of a few rods length will change this peninsula
into an island, and secure a flow of the tide com-
pletely round the city. The land rises more or less
abruptly on all sides from tho water, reaching an
elevation of one hundred and seventy-six feet at the
western end, and one hundred and sixty-ono feet at
the eastern end of the peninsula, so that a redoubt
at each end of the city overlooking this moat or
ditch, and commanding the approaches by land, or
aoross Back bay, will prevent all approach to the
city. No land rises, so high as that of tho peninsula
of Portland within ten miles. One tenth of tho ex-
pense of fortifying Sobastopol or Cherbourg would
make Portland one of tho strongest fortresses of the
world.
As a harbor of rcfusro that of Portland is unri-
valed, and tho approach of a storm is foreshadowed
by a movement of vessels in that direction. Between
tivo and six hundred sail have been known to enter
Portland harbor for shelter in a single night, and six
hundred sail can bo often countcd on a clear morn-
ing standing out to sea after an easterly storm.
The, first intimation of trouble with any leading
foreign Power would bo tho entrance of a hostile
fleet into Portland harbor.
Tho embarkation of t he Prince of Wales on the 20th
of October, 1860, illustrated tho facility with which
five men-of-war, somo of them ships of tho largest
size, may enter or depart from this secure anchorage.
Xho whole British navy can lie as easily iu Portland
harbor as in a dock at Woolwich.
An enemy in possession of Portland would find it
to bo tho toiminus of the longest lino of railroad in
tho world. The Grand Trunk railway of Canada
embraces a lino of ono thousand one hundred and
thirty-ono miles, of which one thoutaiid and ninety-
six are in actual oporation. It extends from the
Atlantic oeca.ii at, Portland to Lako Huron, a dis-
tance of seven hundred and ninety-six miles, with
a branch to Detroit of fifty-nine miles, a branch to
Quebec of nin ety-six miles, and to the River du Loup
of ono hundred and eighteen miles: making, with
alt its branches, one thousand and ninety-six miles.
This lino has tho capacity to move ten thousand
troops between Portland and Quebec or Toronto and
Detroit in a single day.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I should
bo sorry if this assumed the character of a local
question, and it is well enough to inform the
House how this comes before it.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
on the pending amendment,.
Mr. SCIIKNCK. I renew the amendment
just withdrawn iu order to explain how this
comes before the Houso. Among estimates
for works deemed to be essentially necessary
by the War Department was included this, with
two or three others not put in this bill by the
Committee on Appropriations. Seeing this, a
communication was sent to tho Committee on
Military Affairs from the Secretary of War, in-
closing,a full report from the Engineer Bureau,
together with these same matters for the con-
sideration of tjie committee, and asking the
committee if it, approved them to incorporate
them in this bill by way of amendment. The
committee came to the conclusion to recom-
mend this appropriation for Portland, and
every ono of them, except one, and that the
largest item.
This amendment has been moved by the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaise] in pur-
suance of the consideration of the Committee
on Military Affairs, and it is only asking tho
House to put in what was estimated and asked
for by the War Department, and left out by
the Committee on Appropriations, as already
is-stated.
It is not a local affair. It lies in the north-
east, in Maine ; but Ohio, as every other part
of the country, is interested in keeping up the
defenses at every inlet or outlet within our
limits. Every part is interested in keeping up
these foris.
Although lying up in New England the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs do not consider it a
local affair, and have therefore instructed the
gentleman from Maine to move this amend-
ment, which will be followed by others.
My colleague asks why at this time, when the
country is in a condition of embarrassment on
account of the public expenses, these heavy
works should be undertaken? My answer is
twofold : first, in time of peace we should pre-
pare for war; and second, these changes are
rendered of imperative necessity by the changes
in modern artillery.
