138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14^
sand. If there is any one to be injured it is
the Government, because it is a scheme to re-
duce the tax on manufactured cigars in this
country. I do not think we ore prepared now
to reduce taxation on these cigars. I think
the "House ought to refer this subject to the
Committee of Ways and Means so we may con-
sider it carefully.
If the principle contended for by the gentle-
man from Ohio and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania be correct we should increase the tax
and make it forty per cent.' above twelve
dollars instead of twenty per cent. This is
upon high price cigars actually no tax at all.
. I hope the wholequestion will be referred to
the ^committee so that we may investigate it
folly. I demand the previous question.
- The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
safety op steamboat travel.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 147, amending
the ninth section of the act to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the better
security of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled in, whole or in part by
steam, and for other purposes," approved
August 30, 18S2; which, on motion of Mr.
Ingersoll, was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
suffrage in the district op columbia.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 1, to regulate the elective fran-
chise in the District of Columbia ; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the previous
question on t.he bill.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman yield for
the purpose of moving to amend the bill by
adopting an educational test ? I would like to
take the sense of the House upon it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
llie bill was read. It provides that from
and after the passage of this act each and every
male person, excepting paupers and persons
under guardianship, of the age of twenty-one
y^Jars and upward, who has not been convicted
of any infamous crime or offense, and excepting
persons who may have voluntarily given aid
and comfort to the rebels in the late rebellion,
and who was born in the United States or nat-
uralized, and who shall have resided in the said
District for the period of twelve months next
preceding to any election therein, shall be enti-
tled to the elective franchise, and shall be
deemed ail elector and entitled to vote at any
election in said District, without any distinction
on account of color or race.
The second section provides that any person
whose duty it shallJje to receive votes at any
election within the District of Columbia, who
shall willfully refuse to receive, or who shall
willfully reject, the vote of any person entitled
to such right under this act shall be liable to
an action of tort by the person injured, and
shall be liable on indictment and conviction,
if such act was done knowingly, to a fine not
exceeding $5,000, or to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding one year m the jail of said
District, or to both.
The third section provides that if any person
or persons shall willfully interrupt or disturb
any such elector in the exorcise of such fran-
chise he or they shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall
be fined in any sum not to exceed $1,000 and
be imprisoned in the jail in said District for
a period not to exceed thirty days, or both, at
the discretion of the court.
Section four makes it the duty of the several
courts having criminal jurisdiction in said Dis-
trict to give this act in special charge to the
grand jury at the commencement of each term
of the court next preceding the holding of any
general or city election.
' Section five provides that the mayors and al-
dermen of the cities of Washington and George-
town, respectively, on or before the 1st day
of March in each year, shall prepare a list of
the persons they judge to be qualified to vote
in the several wards of said cities in any elec-
tion; and said mayors and aldermen shall be
in open session to receive evidence of the quali-
fication of persons claiming the right to vote
in any election therein, and for correcting said
list, and on two days in each year, not exceed-
ing five days prior to the annual election for
the choice of city officers, giving previous notice
of the time and place of each session in some
newspaper printed in said District.
Section six provides that on or before the 1st
day of March the mayors and aldermen of said
cities shall post up a list of voters thus pre-
pared in one or more public places in said
cities, respectively, at least ten days prior to
said annual election.
The seventh section provides that the officers
presiding at any election shall keep and use
the check-list herein required at the polls dur-
ing the election of all officers, and no vote shall
be received unless delivered by the voter in per-
son, and not until the presiding officer has had
opportunity to be satisfied of his identity, and
shall find his name on the list, and mark it,
and ascertain that his vote is single; and any
person who shall attempt to influence votes by
purchase or bribe of any kind shall be pun-
ished by a fine not exceeding $2,000, or im-
prisonment not exceeding two years, and any
person acccpting such bribe shall be punished
by imprisonment not less than one year, and
be perpetually disfranchised.
The last section repeals all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with this act.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was read the third time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. NIBLACK and Mr. FINCK demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on the passage of
the bill, it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
118, nays 46, not voting 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin. Barker, Baxter, Bingham. Blaine, Blow,
Boutwell, Brandegee, Broomall, Buckland, Bundy,
Reader W, Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling,
Cttllom, Dawes, Dcfrees, Delano, Doming, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Ecklcy, Bggleston, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Grinneli, Griswold,
Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hawkins, Hayes,
Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hub-
bell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kasson,
Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Marston, Marvin, Maynard, Mclndoe, McRuer, Mer-
eur. Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Moulton, Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pome-
roy, Price, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, Rollins,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scoiickl, Shcllabargcr, Sloan,
Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernain, iiurt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Hamilton Ward,
Warner, Elihu B. Washburnc, William B. Washburn.
Welker, Wentworth, Williams, James I'\ Wilson,
Stephen f. Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge, and the
Speaker—-118.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Chanler, Cooper, Dawson, Denison. Eldridge, I inek,
Giossbrenner, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, ^Harris,
Hisc, Jlogati, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, Hunter, Kerr, Iiuykendall, Latham, Le Blond,
Leftwieh, Marshall, McKee. Niblaek, Nicholson,
Noell, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Ran-
dall, Rittcr, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sit-
greaves. Stilwell, Strouse, Tabcr, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Nelson Taylor, Thornton, Andrew H. Ward,
and Whaley—IB.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Boaman, Benja-
min, Bidwell, Bromwell, Cook, Culver, Darling,
Davis, Dumont, Farquhar, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Lynch, MeClurg, Mc-
Cullough, Morrill, Myers, Plants, Radford, John H.
Rico, John L. Thomas, Trimble, Henry D. Washburn,
Winneld, and Wright—28.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mo BINGHAM said : My colleague, Mr.
Plants, is detained at his house by illness.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to make-an inquiry.
Several members are absent attending to duties
on special committees. Will they be entitled
to record their votes when they return ?
The SPEAKER. They will not except by
suspension of the rules, whieh can only bedone
on Monday. ' - -
Mr. O'NEILL. I 15111 then state that my
colleague, Mr. Myers, is absent on the special
committee on revenue frauds, and that if he
were present he would vote " ay."
Mr. GRINNELL. My colleague, Mr. Hub-
bard, is detained from the House by illness.
If he were here he would vote for- the bill. -
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman from New
York, Mr. Darling, is absent on a committee
of investigation.
Mr. FERRY. My colleague, Mr. Bf.aman,
is absent on a special committee. If present
he would vote "ay."
Mr. INGERSOLL. My colleague, Mr.
Cook, is not present. If he were here "he
would vote in the affirmative.
The result of the vote having been an-
nounced as above recorded,
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed j and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tax ox cigars.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill in relation to the duty on cigars was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league from the Chicago district [Mr. West-
worth] desires to make a speech to-day, and
with a view of giving him an opportunity of
doing so, I will move to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the
President's message. Before, however, that
motion is put—I do not like to make the mo-
tion myself, because I am opposed to adjourn-
ments—I will yield to some gentleman to make
a motion to adjourn over.
adjournment over.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
lewe of absence.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that leave of
absence be granted to my colleague, Mr. Mor-
ris, for this week.
The motion was agreed to.
president's 3iessaoe.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now insist
on my motion that the rules be suspended and
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rales were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Washbcrne,
of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the President's annual message;
upon which Mr. Wextworth was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Chairman, the
Constitution of the United States makes it the
duty of the President from time to time to give
to the Congress information of the state of the
Union, and recommend to their consideration
such measures as he shall judge necessary and
expedient. In his first message after the com-
mencement of this Congress he dwelt upon
the fact that there were certain States not rep-
resented as the most important information that
he could give us, and he recommended as the
most expedient and necessary of all measures
that we give them immediate representation.
He informed us of only what we and all our con:
stituents knew before; and he admitted in that
message that each House was the judge of the
qualification of its own members. Having done
what he conjectured to have been his duly, one
would have supposed that he might there have
