902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
. Mr. SPALDING-. Is it not questionable
whether fortifications, since iron-clad ships
have been built, are of any use?
Mr. SCHENCK. We have only to refer to
the instance of Fort Sumter. Although the iron-
clads battered down the walls and reduced it to
a heap of ruins, yet our ships could not get by
it. I think they are useful, and may be made
more so with the changes rendered necessary
by modern offensive warfare on the part of iron-
clads. It may be eventually our forts will be
fully iron-clad, but I believe no one has arrived
at the conviction, at least of those who are com-
petent to judge, that forts can be done away
with altogether. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. KASSON moved to reduce the appro-
priation to $150,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee divided on the amendment,
as amended; and there were—ayes 51, noes
28 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS moved the committee rise..
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Pome-
rot reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had. according to
order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly House bill No. 919,
making appropriations for fortifications and
other works of defense for the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1868, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
leave of absence.
On motion of Mr. COOK, leave of absence
was granted to Mr. Defrees for the remainder
of the week.
national burglary insurance company.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to incorporate the National
Burglary Insurance Company of the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
evening session.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that after to-day the House take a recess from
half past four o'clock p. m. till half past
seven p. m.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent; a majority can* order a recess
for to-day.
Several Members objected.
government of virginia.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I under-
stand that all questions relating to the general
subject of reconstruction must be referred to
the joint Committee on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. They must.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have a memorial from
citizens of Virginia, praying that the present
State government be set aside, and that a civil
government be organized upon the basis of
equality before the law, which I would like to
have printed and referred to the joiat Commit-
tee on Reconstruction.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
leave of absence.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, asked
apd obtained leave of absence for his colleague.
Mr. Barker, for one week.
Mr. HOTCHKISS asked and obtained in-
definite leave of absence for his colleague, Mr.
Hubbard, -who had been called home by the
death of his father.
taxation of public lands.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to exempt certain public lands
from taxation ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Agriculture.
pacific hail service.
Mr. McRIJER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to authorize the establishment
of ocean mail steamship service between the
United States and the Sandwich Islands 5 which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred; and
also moved that the. motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc,
The following petitions. &e„ were presented under
the rule, andreferredto the appropriate committees:
By Mr. CULLOM: The petition of Ellen Curry,
widow of James Curry, a private soldier in company
F, thirty-ninth regiment Illinois volunteers, now
deceased, asking lor a pension Irom the United States.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of Messrs. B. A.
Wood, H. H.Porter, J. B. Mnnn, and 24 others, citi-
zens of Onondaga county, New York, praying that
Congress will not legislate for reduction of the cur-
rency or for an immediate return to spccic payments;
also, praying that all national banks may not be com-
pelled to redeem their circulating notes in New York.
By Mr. DODGE: The petition of Jackson S.Shultz
and others, asking that the leather trade may be
placed on the same footing as other staple manufac-
By Mr. EGGXESTON: The petition of James "VY.
Albert, and 25 others, citizens of Ohio, praying that
wines manufactured from the grape may be exempted
from internal taxation.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of H. R. Snow and J.
Young, and others, citizens of Barnstable county.
Massachusetts, praying for amendmentof act of July
28,18G6, and for relief as manufacturers of salt.
Also, the petition of Benjamin P. Berry, and others,
citizensof Barnstable county, Massachusetts, praying
tor relief as manufacturers of salt.
By Mr. FARNiSWORTH: The petition of J. E.
Hurlbut, and others, citizens of Chicago, against any
further curtailment of national currency.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of V. N. B. Milliette,
of Champlain, New York, late first lieutenant United
States volunteers, praying allowance of the three
months' extra pay on muster out.
By^Ir. HAllDINft, of Illinois: The petition of
Martin Monroe, of Illinois, that bounty paid substi-
tute be refunded.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of 89 citizens of
Monroeton, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, asking
that a pension may be granted to Seth H. Steel.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of the white beer
brewers of Philadelphia, stating that the removal of
this species of malt liquors from the brewery for the
purpose of bottling causes it to spoil, and asking a
modification of the revenue laws in regard to it.
By Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania: The petition
of William M. Meredith, Eii K. Price, and others,
members of the Philadelphia bar, praying for an
increase in the salary of the United States district
judge for the eastern district of Pennsylvania.
By Mr. .SCHENCK: The petition of citizensof Leb-
anon, Ohio, praying that there may be no further
curtailment of the currency.
Also, the petition of business men and property
holders of Washington, for the removal of the rail-
road nuisance and obstruction of streets and avenues
around the Capitol.
Also, the petition of Charles E. Behle, late major
twelfth United States colored artillery, praying com-
pensation for military services.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The petition
of <85 citizens of Niagara and Oswego counties. New
York, embracing among them merchants, bankers,
forwarders, vessel owners, and masters of vessels,
asking an appropriation for the improvement of the
harbor at Olcott, Niagara county, New York.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Januury 31, 1867.
Prayer by Rev. S. H. Ajtgier, D. D., of
Rockport, Massachusetts.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials, "
Mr. LANE. I desire to present the petition
of Mrs. Margaret A. llussell, praying for com-
pensation for certain lots of sugar taken by
our Army at Vicksburg, in July, 1863. I know
nothing in reference to this 'case except the
facts stated in the petition. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Claims.
It was so referred.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of mem-
bers of the bar of the city and county of Phil-
adelphia, praying for an increase of the salary
of the judge of the United States district court
for the eastern district of Pennsylvania; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN. I present a memorial of
surgeons' stewards, paymasters' stewards, and
others, who have served in the United States
Navy during the rebellion, in which they state
that by the laws and regulations existing during
the rebellion, and in force at the present time,
their services were not credited to the States to
which they severally belonged in the quota of
men furnished for the suppression of the rebel-
lion ; second, that they did not' receive the
State or Government bounty, not being en-
listed ; third, they were appointed under the
rules of the Navy Department and selected
for their several grades by special qualifica-
tions for the position occupied, and their term,
of service was not for a specified time, de-
pending on the exigencies of the service; that
the remuneration was at rates long established
and before the advance of prices of all the
necessaries of life and the depreciation of the
currency, and is altogether inadequate to the
support of themselves and families; that the
enlisted men received both State and Govern-
ment bounty and further received an increase
of pay in 1864, while these memorialists equally
shared with them the dangers and privations
of the naval service and have received neither
bounty nor increase of pay. Under these cir-
cumstances they ask the consideration of Con-
gress. I ask the reference of this memorial to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented the petition
of Joaquin De Palma, praying for compensa-
tion for property taken from his family by
United States troops under the command of
General Sherman at Winnsboro, South Caro-
lina, on the 21st of February, 18C5 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SHERMAN presented four petitions of
citizens of Ohio, praying for the passage of
House bill No. 718, to provide increased reve-
nue from imports, and for other purposes;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented three petitions of
citizens of Philadelphia, praying for such an
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States as will prohibit legislation in any State
making a distinction among the citizens thereof
on account of color, race, or birth; which were
referred to the joint Committee on Recon-
struction.
He also presented the petition of Little,
Brown & Co., of Boston, praying for an invest-
igation into the contract made under an act
of Congress with the Secretary of State in
1845, for the manufacture of stereotype plates
for the volumes of the Statutes-at-Large, and
for the supply of copies of the same, which
contract, it is alleged, is being affected by the
proposed codification of the laws; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, it was
Ordered* That Frances Ann McCauley hare leave
to withdraw from the files of the Senate her petition
and accompanying papers, praying for compensation
for judicial services performed by her late husband,
Daniel S. McCauley, as consul general at Tripoli, in
the Barbary States, and Alexandria, in Egypt.
reports op committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 527) to amend the postal laws,
and for other purposes, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 510) declaring a
bridge to be built over the Missouri river at
the town of St. Charles, in the State of Mis-
souri, by the North Missouri Railroad Com-
pany, a legal structure, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 421) to authorize
the construction of a submerged tubular bridge
across the Mississippi river at the city of St.
Louis, reported it without amendment.
