904
THE COKG RESSIONAIj GLOBE.
January 31,
a treaty presented to Mm for consideration,
and then I shall be very much interested in
hearing his arguments. I represent a constit-
uency that are deeply interested and intimately
connected in commercial and other intercourse
with the Hawaiian Islands. This resolution
points to obtaining from the most legitimate
and well-informed source of this Government
information touching the commercial relations
. of the two countries. Who can object to ob-
taining that information? I apprehend no-
body, save the honorable Senator.
The resolution was adopted.
lilNISTER AT VIENNA.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to
be good enough to take up the resolution
which was objected to yesterday making a call
on the President for a letter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves to take up the
following resolution; which will be read for in-
formation.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
bo instructed to communicate to the Senate, if in his
opinion not incompatible with the public interest, a
copy of the letter on which the Secretary of State
founded his recent inquiries addressed to Mr. Mot-
ley, minister of the United States at Vienna, with
regard to his reported conversations and opinions,
and to furnish the name of the writer of such letter.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that resolution will
not be taken up. I think it is an attempt on
the part of the Senator from Massachusetts to
magnify into some importance one of the
merest trifles that ever happened. I trust
that no such trifle will be thrown into the Sen-
ate to disturb its deliberations and to consume
its time.
Mr. SUMNER. I content myself with
simply saying that I hope the resolution will
be taken up. I think that when a stab is given
at an eminent citizen abroad we ought to
know who has dealt the blow. I wish to know
the authority for this recent letter of inquiry
addressed by the Secretary of State to a dis-
tinguished gentleman in our public service. I
believe that the country wishes to know who
this spy or eavesdropper is, and on what
authority the Secretary of State has under-
taken to write such a letter as he has written.
I feel a personal interest in it and an interest,
as a Senator, for I think the letter of the
Secretary does great dishonor to our country.
Mr. DAVIS. I presume that the distin-
guished minister of the United States to Aus-
tria does not care a straw in relation to this
letter which is thus sought to be brought to
light. His fame is national and world-wide,
and is too solidly founded to be disturbed by
any such matter. Motley—the historian who
has produced to the world such a picture of
the rise of the Dutch republic—it is a name
too grand, founded upon too solid worth and
ability, and the man who eould have conceived
and executed such a great historical work is
too grand in his intellect, in his soul, to be
disturbed by such a trifle, such stuff as that
which the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts is seeking to make a little political capi-
tal of! I trust, sir, that this anonymous let-
ter, like so many of the anonymous letters
which that honorable Senator has produced so
often before the Senate, will be left to pass into
oblivion and to go to ihe back-houses. I hope
the Senate will not consume its valuable time
nor permit itself to be interested one moment
by the matter of this letter. I trust the mo-
tion of the honorable Senator will not prevail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is^ on the motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of the resolution.
_ The resolution being put; there were, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 5; no quorum voting.
Mr. SUMNER called forthe yeas and nays;
and tiiey were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts yesterday
to state that he had himself received a letter
of precisely the import 
Mr. S CJMNER. Similar import.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Of similar import to
the letter which is referred to in the corre-
spondence which has been furnished to the Sen-
ate. I should like to inquire from the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts who that let-
ter was from.
Mr. SUMNER. I stated that it was from a
person so utterly obscure that it was practi-
cally an anonymous letter, and I considered it
as such. It was from a person utterly un-
known ; and yet on that letter the Secretary of
State has undertaken to indite the accusations
which we have read against an eminent gen-
tleman in the public service.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
fails to answer the precise question I put: who
was the author of the letter to the honorable
Senator ?
Mr. SUMNER. I have already replied that
the name was so utterly obscure that it has
passed out of my memory.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Although the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts is familiar
with the names of a great many men, it is not
to be presumed that he knows all the citizens
of the United Slates or men abroadwho could
furnish information of this description; and I
ask the honorable Senator if he is to presume
that every man whose name he does not know
is of necessity an obscure man, whose state-
ments are to be disregarded. It seems to me
it is unnecessary to inquire into this matter.
Suppose it should appear that this information
was communicated by some person whose
name was not known to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, or to any of us, what difference
would it make? The correspondence already
before the Senate states the fact that a letter
of that description was received, and inquiry
was made of Mr. Motley whether the state-
ments contained in it were true or not. Per-
haps the Secretary of State does not ehtfose to
treat a letter of an American citizen abroad,
though he did not happen to know his name, as
coming from a person so absolutely obscure
that he would destroy the letter and forget the
name.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, it is
well enough to understand exactly what it is
that we are proposing to do. The State De-
partment has been called upon to give the Sen-
ate information in regard to a correspondence
between the Secretary of State and our minis-
ter at Vienna. That correspondence has been
given. I suppose the Senator from Massachu-
setts is satisfied that the minister lias vindicated
his position sufficiently. The letter is of suf-
ficient length for that purpose in reply to so
short a note as was addressed to him by the
Secretary of State. The question that is made
by the Senator from Massachusetts is, whether
the man who communicated the information
to the President, upon which the Secretary of
State thought it his duty to address the minis-
ter at Vienna, was a distinguished man or an
obseurc man. That is the inquiry that he asks
the Senate to-day to make. Who can question
that the Secretary of State ought to have
addressed this note to the minister at Vienna
if the information was in fact communicated
to the President as stated? Let me call the
attention of the Senate to the statement that is
made by-the Secretary of State in his note to
Mr. Motley. Here it is :
"Sir: A citizen of the United States has addressed
a letter to the President from Paris, in which he rep-
resents that he had traveled extensively in Europe
during the last year, in the course of which he had
had occasion to see something: of our ministers and
consuls in various countries; that most of those
whom he met were bitterly hostile to the President
and his Administration, and expressed that hostility
in so open a manner as to astonish Americans, and
to leave a very bad impression on Europeans. He
adds that you do not pretend to conceal 'your dis-
gust,' as he says you style it, at the President's whole
conduct, that you despise American democracy, and
loudly proclaim that an English gentleman is the
model of human perfection: that the President has
deserted his pledges and principles in common with
Mr. Seward, who, you say, is hopelessly degraded."
Now, Mr. President, if any minister abroad,
if any representative of the Government of the
United States at any country, used language
such as this, was it not the duty of the Secre-
tary of State to make inquiry about it? If he
used language depreciating the Chief Magis-
trate of this nation in the presence of foreign
Powers; that the President had conducted him-
self so as to produce a " disgust" on the part
of his minister abroad; that this minister dct-
spised "American democracy," a term not
used in regard to political differences, hut a
comprehensive term, referring rather to the
character of our institutions, and that that
minister loudly proclaimed that "an English
gentleman is the model of human perfection
that the President had "deserted his pledges
and principles in common with Mr. Seward,
who is hopelessly degraded"—ought not in-
formation coming to the State Department or
to the President of such language used by a
foreign minister to be inquired into on the part
of the State Department? No man will ques-
tion it. Has any minister—I do not care how
eminent he is—a right to go abroad and pro-
claim that our institutions are a failure; that
the principles that underlie those institutions
are despised by him; that the President is an
object of disgust to him; and that the Secre-
tary of State is hopelessly degraded? Has any
minister a right to use such language to Eu-
ropean hearers? I deny it, sir. Whatever may
be our misfortunes, it is not the business of the
representatives of our Government abroad to
proclaim those misfortunes or anything that
goes to the dishonor of the Government. Then,
sir, this ought to be inquired of by the Secre-
tary of State; and the distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts cannot, in his place, say
that it is the right of a minister abroad to use
such language in regard to the high officers of
the Government whom he represents abroad,
and whose opinions he must reflect there in
regard to our foreign intercourse, especially in
regard to the American democracy.
Then, sir, it comes down simply to the ques-
tion whether the person who wrote this letter
is a distinguished person or a very obscure
person. The Senator says he is so obscure
that he cannot now recollect his name. I sup-
pose, then, it comes to this: that information
communicated to the Government is not to be
acted upon unless it comes through some highly
respectable source, as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would esteem it. I say that such
information as this coming from abroad re-
tired the attention of the Government, and
no man is suffi<jiently eminent that he can
shield himself from a responsibility in regard
to an accusation of this sort.
I suppose the Senator from Massachusetts
wishes to know whether the man who wrote
this letter is eminent in the world of letters ;
whether he is a distinguished man ; in other
words, whether the President of the United
States has opened his ear to an American cit-
izen of obscure position. If he be not an em-
inent man the President must not hear when
he speaks in behalf of the honor of the nation ;
but if he be an eminent man it is all right.
"Eminent" bybirth? Is that what is meant?
Or "eminent" because of position attained?
That is the inquiry we are now to make. The
Senator wants to know who wrote the letter,
whether he is an eminent man or whether he
is an obscure man. Did the President, who
ought to represent all the people of this coun-
try—not the eminent men alone, but the ob-
scure—allow his ear to be opened to informa-
tion .communicated by some citizen of obscure
position? If he did he is to be very much cen-
sured here, I suppose. I do not understand
that the truth can come to men in high position
only from men of eminent position. It is the
duty of the President to allow his ears to be
open to information from every source.
If the Senator wishes to establish the &et
that this person was not entitled to credit, and
therefore to censure the Secretary of State
because he placed any reliance upon the
information, that is another inquiry; but his
statement is, that he is rather an obscure man,
because he does not know him; he does not
recollect his name; and he wants the Senate
to inquire who it is that should dare to write
to the President in regard to a foreign minister,
