1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of such obscure position as that the distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts does not
know him. I expect there are three hundred
thousand citizens in Indiana whom the Senator
does not know; and if one of those citizens
whom the Senator does not know should write
to the President in regard to a matter that
touches the honor of the country, and the Pres-
ident should allow himself to be influenced by
that information, the Senator would say,'' Why,
here is an eminent man that is attacked by an
obscure man, and the President has allowed his
ears to be open to this information coming from
an obscure citizen of the State of Indiana?"
Is that an argument that wo are to hear hero
in the Senate? Sir, in this land the President
is to hear all, and not the eminent alone, but
the obscure. The rich, the learned, and the
eminent can take care of themselves: it is the
obscure and the men who have no power in
and of themselves, and because of their polit-
ical association, that the President ought to
hear and defend in all their rights.
But now, in the American Senate the posi-
tion is assumed that the Secretary of State has
listened to information from an obscure source,
aud the Senate is asked to inquire into the de-
gree of the obscurity of this man. Shall he
not inquire when he is informed that a repre-
sentative abroad has said that the President is
an objcct of "disgust?" Shall he not inquire
when a representative abroad has said in Eu-
ropean ears that the Secretary of State, repre-
senting the dignity and honor of this nation in
her foreign relations, has "hopelessly degraded''
himself? Shall he not inquire when he is in-
formed that an American minister has de-
nounced "American democracy?'' He must
inquire ; he dare not refuse to inquire, however
eminent that minister may be ; the more em-
inent the greater the fault.
Then, as I said, it comes down simply to the
question whether the Senate shall inquire
whether the person who communicated from
Paris this information was a person of obscure
birth or obscure position in life._ If he is not
eminent, the Secretary of State is to be cen-
sured. If he be eminent and known to the
distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, then
it is all right on the part of the Secretary.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him there, just to bring the ques-
tion down to the point? I raise no question
whether ho is an eminent person or not. The
Senator, 1 think, will do mo the justice to be-
lieve that 1 had no such idea as that. I simply
wish to know the writer of the letter, and the
actual terms of the letter thatwc may judge
of its value and of its character ; that wc may
know whether or not he is a spy, possibly a
paid spy, an eavesdropper, possibly a paid
eavesdropper ; and whether or not he is in any
respect entitled to credence. That is what I
wish to know; and I think that all who arc
interested in the good name of this Republic,
under whatever party flag they may go, whether
under that which the Senator from Indiana
honors by his support, or whether under that
where I find myself—-all equally must desire
to have satisfaction on this point. We must
desire to know on what authority the Secretary
of State has proceeded in this matter ; and in
making the inquiry, it is of supreme indiffer-
ence to mo whether the person is eminent or
not. I do not ask that question. _ It does not
enter into my mind. I only wish to know
whether he is entitled to credit, and to that end
• I wish to see his letter.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, Mr. President,
I think with the present explanation of the
Senator, his language yesterday and this morn-
ing was very unfortunate. In his criticism upon
the Secretary of State, in writing to Mr. Motley
upon information from an obscure person, I
think that his language was unfortunate. If
the Secretary of State got this information, to
whom ought he to communicate it? He made
no public matter of it; he did not publish it
to the country; but he says to Mr. Motley:
■ " Sir a man has written to the President that
you have used this language; did you use it
or not?" He gives him an opportunity to ex-
plain it, and it never comes before the world
until the Senator from Massachusetts brings it
out. There was no effort on the part of the
Secretary of State to prejudice Mr. Motley or
anybody else before the American people; but
a letter was addressed to Mr. Motley for expla-
nation in regard to information that has been
communicated to the President, information
that the President could not shut his ears to,
whether it came from an eminent or obscure
■person. Yesterday the Senator felt himself
authorized to say:
" I have the honor to be a friend of Mr. Motley, and
therefore it is that I have introduced the resolution.
I urn also a Senator of the United States, and I doom
it important to tho public interest that wo should
know on what authority tho Secretary of State has
undertaken to address ono of our foreign ministers
as ho has. I roooived a lettor identioal in language,
so far as I can judge, with that which seems to be set
forth by tho Secretary of State m his letter, and it
was addressed to me from Europe, as chairman of tho
Senate Committeo on Foreign Relations; but it was
from a person so entirely obscitro that I regarded tho
letter as nothing but anonymous, and I threw it into
theiiro. Tho Scorotary of State has mado it tho basis
of inquiries addressed to Mr. Motloy, whioh I will not
hero characterize."
'' Which I will not- here characterize.'' What
is there, sir, to characterize? The Secretary
of State says to Mr. Motley: "Certain informa-
tion has come to tho President; what explana-
tion have you to make of it? Did you denounce
the American democracy? Did _yon say that
the President was an object, of disgust? Did
you say that the Secretary of State was hope-
lessly degraded?" Whom should he have
addressed except Mr. Motley? He addressed
him, gave him this information, and allowed
him to make an explanation. Is not Mr.
Motley's explanation sufficient? Is it not satis-
factory? Does the Senator on this information
expect to make a more satisfactory explana-
tion for Mr. Motley than he has made him-
self? Or does ho want" to find some obscure
man in Paris, a citizen of this country, and
attack him? What is the purpose of all this?
What does it mean? What does the Seuator
want it for ? This was not made public by the
Secretary of State; it is made public by the
Senator from Massachusetts. It has not been
used by the Secretary of State to tho prejudice
of Mr. Motley; but Mr. Motley has been allowed
an opportunity to explain, and the correspond-
ence laid among the files of the Department
until called for by the Senator. Now, what is
wrong about this? Should not Mr. Motley be
allowed to make liis explanation when such
charges are presented? Jf any man makes a
charge against me I shall bo obliged to tho
friend who will allow mo an opportunity^ to
explain, and shall not say that it is a thing
"not to be characterized," to be denounced.
I shall not say that, and Mr. Motley cannot
say it. If he is asked for an explanation, and
ho makes it, he must stand there, and, as his
friend, the Senator from Massachusetts, cannot
say that the Secretary of State did wrong in
allowing Mr. Motley an opportunity to explain
in regard to so grave a charge. This is all I
have to say.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the motion to
take up the resolution, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered?
Mr. FESSENDEN rose.
Mr. SUMNER. Just let the yeas and nays
be taken.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The morning hour has
expired, and I call for the regular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
TARIFl' BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 718) to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the last vote disclosed the want
of a quorum. Senators have since como in,
and the Chair decides by counting that there
=2s
is now a quorum present, so that business may
proceed. The pending amendment offered by
the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Fueliho-
httysen] will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was on page 30, section seven, to strike out lines
one hundred and twenty-seven, one hundred
and twenty-eight, one hundred and twenty-
nine, one hundred and thirty, one hundred
and thirty-one, and one hundred and thirty-
two, and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
On chains, trace chains, halter chains, and feneo
chains, mado of wire or rods not loss than throe
eighths of an inch in diameter, two and a half cents
per pound; less than three eighths of an inch in
diameter and not less than No. 9 wire gauge, six
cents per pound; less than No. 9 wire gauge, eight
cents per pound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the Senator make an explanation about that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In reference to
this amendment, I desire to say that a number
of persons in New Jersey and elsewhere en-
gaged in the manufacture of chains became
satisfied that the tariff did not afford them
sufficient protection, and the commissioner in ,
looking at the price of the material out of
which these chains were made became satisfied
that thei'e should be an alteration in the bill,
and this amendment was, as I understand,
prepared by him. It was handed to mo by
him, and I think it is in his handwriting. I
trust the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have sent for the
commissioner to inquire as to the fact. lie will
be hero in a moment. If he is the author of
it and it meets his approbation I do not know
that I shall make any particular objection to
the amendment. I ask the Senator to with-
draw it for a moment, and he can offer it again
when the commissioner is in. I believe his
colleague has an amendment which he desires
to offer, and which can be considered in the
mean time.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Very wrcll. _
Mr. CATTELL. My colleague has with-
drawn his amendment for the present, and I
ask leave to offer an amendment on page
32 of tho bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inquire of the other Senator from New
Jersey if his amendment is withdrawn?
Mr. FUELING IIUYSEN. For the present.
Mr. CATTELL. I shall not occupy the at-
tention of the Senate more than a moment.
The amendment which I "wish to offer is on
page 32, section seven, line one hymdred and
seventy-two, to insert the words "one and"
after the word "pipe ; " so that the elausc will
read:
On cast iron, steam, gas, or water-pipe, one and
thrco fourths of one cent per pound.
These words wore stricken out in committeo
the other day under a misapprehension. Tho
amendment I propose returns^ the duty upon
this article precisely to what it is under the
existing tariff, to praciscly what the special
commissioner of revenue recommended, to pre-
cisoly what the Finance Committee reported,
and a lower rate than that agreed to by the
House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the amendment to
strike out these words has been adopted, I sup-
pose tho object can be reached by a motion to
reconsider.
Mr. CATTELL. ' Tho motion to strike out
was adopted in Committee of the Whole I am
told, and therefore it can be amended in tho
Senate without a reconsideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. The other day I mado
a motion to amend the bill on page G3, section
nine, line five hundred and forty-six, by strik-
ing out "four" and inserting "five." On
that motion I failed. I have _ another now to
submit, and that is after tho word " ™lir' ™
that line to insert tho words "and one hall;
so that it will road :
On chromate and bi-c-hromate of potassa, four and
ono half cents per pound.
