1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
Henry Clay, had to go down and be modified
by a lower scale of duties in 1833. But, sir, I
tell the Senator from Massachusetts now that
wool is the strength of this tariff. We have a
West now. We have there, for instance, over
forty millions of sheep grazing upon those
broad prairies and in those beautiful valleys;
and they represent two milli.on voters—men
who make Presidents and who can make tariff's.
Population is crowding now around our lakes
and into our broad valleys, upon our beautiful
prairies. We have there, as you have in Penn-
sylvania and in other States, inexhaustible
mines of wealth, beds of iron and lead and zinc
and copper, and beyond, still further west, sil-
ver and gold. Wo have in the State of Illinois,
according to a geological survey and according
to experiments actually made, coal enough to
make the liearthfires of this country blaze for
a thousand centuries; and then we have a rich,
fertile, and productive soil of from ten inches
to eight feet in depth. Then, sir, as the Pa-
cific railroad stretches out to the far West, emi-
gration is nestling upon its track, villages and
cities are springing up, the power and the wealth
of the continent are going there, and the time
will come %vhen the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] I trust, may
from the summit of the Ilocky mountains look
over upon the land of gold and look back East
upon the land which he has passed, with our
herdsmen and flocks upon a thousand hills, and
then, if he stands by the protective principle
to-day, he may say; "How beautiful arc thy
tents, oh Israel!"
Why, sir, should we not have cheap wool
raised in our own country? There is the hab-
itation of the sheep ; there are the rich grasses
and the sweet grasses, there between the north-
ern boundary of Minnesota and 'Texas and west
of Missouri; there are the hot latitudes, the
short winters, the long summers ; there sheep
are healthy ; and while in the United States
there is but one sheep to four acres of ground,
(in Vermont, for instance, or one to four in
Ohio, I believe,) we have not one to forty acres
in those northwestern States. The number of
sheep can be as many to the acre there as any-
where else; and that will be the result of the
adoption of a proper system.
We hear cries of ruin. The honorable Sen-
ator [Mr. Wii.son] says these looms will stop
and these spindles will stop unless this live
cents is added to the duty on woolen goods.
Sir, I tremble not for any such consequences.
I do not expect that there will be a solitary
decrease or diminution in the wants, the enjoy-
ments, or the luxuries of New England. I
presume Nahant will have its wonted joys and
refreshments whether this five cents is added
according to this proposition or not. But, sir,
there is an interest which is to be affected un-
less we protect it, and that is the wool interest.
That is comparatively new. I do not mean to
say that the business of the shepherd is new;
but the wool interest as a separate interest has
grown up during the last two years in the State
of Illinois, and I presume in the State of Iowa
within the last four or five years, so that we
have five sheep whore we had one two years
ago. It has becomc an immense interest; it
has been stimulated by the demands of the
war. Why, sir, look at one fact, to see how
the war has stimulated this interest. In 1859
there were but two hundred aud thirty thou-
sand pounds of wool raised in the United
States. In the year 1805 there were eighty-
seven million pounds ; showing how the de-
mands of the war stimulated this interest. I
hope I shall be excused for saying here, how-
ever, not that this interest is going to be ruined,
unless there be a little increase added to the
duty upon wool, but that whether this bill
passes or not at least half of our wool-growers
must be totally ruined, from the fact that during
the war, under the stimulus of the demands
which were then made, they increased largely
their farms and their flocks; and now, the war
having ceased and the demand for wool having
ceased to a great extent, these farms and flocks
become of comparatively small value.
Mr. President, we are in this condition now.
Whatever may be our views upon the subject
of the tariff, whether-we are for a tariff for
protection or for a tariff for revenue with inci-
dental protection, we must have a tariff of some
kind. We not only have to raise by internal
taxation what is necessary to support the Gov-
ernment in'its ordinary expenses, but we have
to provide for the payment of the interest on
our national debt; and when we attempt by a
tariff to raise a revenue for that purpose let it
not be a Massachusetts tariff, or an Illinois
tariff, but a tariff which shall embrace every
interest in this country from the Atlantic to
the Pacific and from Maine to the Gulf. The
honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hen-
dricks] predicted that we should go under with
this tariff, and other gentlemen who arc opposed
to it predict that wo shall go under; but, sir,
in the Northwest the men who will go under
upon this tariff will go under bccause they
have not supported it; it is the only tariff which
ever yet has been adopted by the American
Congress which has given sufficient considera-
tion to the agricultural interest." That is the
truth about it—the only one, indeed, which has
given any consideration whatever to the agri-
cultural interest.
Now, sir, is it not unfair for Massachusetts,
which has grown wealthy and prosperous be-
neath a tariff policy for the last iifty years,
whose merchants have boon made princes and
whoso villages have been made cities, and
where prosperity abounds in every direction,
owing to your tariff policy, to object to protec-
tion being now given to interests in the West
which demand itY Why should not these in-
terests also have consideration before the
American Congress ? 1 say to the honorable
Senator from Indiana that we will meet him
upon the question whether this tariff is popu-
lar or unpopular. That Senator has not proph-
esied rightly in times past lor the last twenty
years; and we shall see whether he is a better
prophet now than he has been heretofore.
Mr. President, the amendment which I shall
offer, and which I shall take time to explain
now, as it bears upon this question, is this: I
will move to strike out all of the third section
after the words " hereinafter provided " in lino
six, page 12, and in lieu of the various duties
there proposed to insert, " shall bo twelve
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto,
ten per cent, ad valorem,as the duty, on all
sorts of wool. I shall make this proposition
in the first place to simplify the bill. Hero
are six long pages telling what wool is, the
different kinds of wool, first-class wool, sec-
ond-class wool, and third-class wool, fixing
the duty upon these various classes of wool
according to price, and then providing that
each custom-house officer shall have a sample
of these different kinds of wool. When wool
is represented as worth twelve cents he has a
sample of that kind, and so of all the other
kinds, and he is to decide upon these samples
whether the wool is to be taxed three cents or
ten cents or twelve cents. As specific duly is
about twelve cents a pound on the average,
perhaps a little over, I propose that we say
that upon all unmanufactured wool the duty
shall be twelve cents per pound and ten per
cent, ad valorem.
1 am not going to insist upon this amend-
ment if the committee have found insurmount-
able difficulties in fixing one common rate and
have therefore resorted to these five or six
pages to classify these wools, but I should like
such an amendment adopted for this reason:
immense frauds have been practiced upon the
wool-producer in the custom-house department.
Where there are different kinds of wool and
the duties upon that wool are different, there
is a chance for the grossest frauds, and the
grossest frauds have been committed. We
know by actual experience and by statistical
tables that for the six months ending 1st of De-
cember, 1865, of the wools which were imported
into the United States, amounting to many mil-
lion pounds, nearly all were brought in under
the low duties of three and six cents, and but
fifty pounds were brought in dining those six
months of the higher-class wools (according to
the custom-house returns) sgueh as compete
with our common Spanish Merino wool. We
find this to be the fact, and 1 submit it to you
now, Mr. President, that if we want fairness
we should say that the duty shall be so much
on every kind of unmanufactured wool. Then
there ean be no excuse ; the custom-house
officer cannot say, "I was deceived as to
whether this was first-class wool or second-class
wool or the third-class wool." The importers
have means and ways of making first-class
wool appear second-ciass and the second-class
appear third class by handling them in dirt and
disguising them. Even if a man is honest in
the custom-house he may be deceived. How
many Senators on this floor could tell the dif-
ference between what we call combing wool
and carding wool ? Not six of them could tell
the difference. So with custom-house officers,
supposing them to be honest; but they are not
always honest as we know ; they are too often
appointed for political considerations, and they
are not, 1 fear, always honest. That the im-
porter may know, that the wool-grower may
know, that the country may know that these
frauds arc not going on, why shall we not in
a simple clause, six lines in length, declare
that upon all kinds of unmanufactured wool
the duty shall be twelve cents per pound and
ten per cent, ad valorem ?
The answer to that perhaps will be that
there is a certain class of wool, very cheap
wool, of which our shoddy is made, worth
about sixteen cents a pound, upffti which the
duty is only three cents, and that we cannot
raise it in this country. I will admit, for the
sake of the argument, that wc could not raise
one pound of that wool in this country, and
yet the whole amount of that inferior article
which comes to this country will not begin to
compensate for the frauds in the Treasury
Department growing out of the impossibility
of distinguishing between these different classes
of wool. But, sir, wc are informed by our
agriculturists that this wool can be raised in
America, can be raised in our milder latitudes
down in the region of Texas if it had the pro-
tection which is awarded to other interests in
this country.
If eastern gentlemen are interested in cheap
coal, if they are interested in cheap wool and
cheap iron, surely wo are interested in cheap
clothing; and now that by convention between
yourselves and the wool-growers you have
agreed that they shall have in the average ten
cents per pound and   ccnts ad valorem,
you come in and propose to increase the duty
on cloths. "1 do not propose to touch the
wool interest, not at all," says the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts. No man, per-
haps, is more friendly to the West than he; I
am sure that there is no man who stands higher
in the West than he docs ; but he says, "If we
give you that protection we must have a little
more protection upon the manufactured article.
In other words, if you take twelve cents per
pound upon your wool, wo must take five
ccnts of that out of you in the consumption
of the manufactured article."
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ? I want to ask the hon-
orable Senator if he thinks it right, if he thinks
it just, to increase the duty on wool, to make it
ten or twelve cents a pound and ten per cent.
ad valorem, and then cut the duty down on the
article intowhiehit is manufactured from forty
to thirty-five per cent., which this bill does?
Mr. YATES. 1 have answered that ques-
tion already. I have said that this bill was the
result of a joint understanding between the wool
manufacturers and wool-growers, and that both,
as we understand, were perfectly satisfied with
it; and that is a sufficient answer. The whole
trouble is this: the Senators dp not deny that
they are in favor of American protection ; oh,
no ; but this is not a Massachusetts bill; coal
and steel and iron are in this bill, and they pre-
fer the present tariff. But as a representative
of the West, representing that great interest,
