1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1583
the construction to a certain point in connec-
tion with the casemates and other portions of
them, in order to protect them from deteriora-
tion and destruction.
The point which I made against my friend
last evening was that he was positively igno-
rant of these details, as I also admit myself to
be: hut I do what he does not; I take infor-
mation from those who know the facts; and I
submit that in this respect my logic is better
than that of my friend from Illinois.
A single word now as to the statement of the
gentleman that within the last fifty years no
shots have been fired at any of these fortifica-
tions except by "'our own men.'" I want my
friend distinctly to confine the signification of
that "our" to himself and the men who polit-
ically agree with him. I must expressly disa-
vow the idea that the rebel shots fired at these
fortifications were fired by "'our own men."
Let the gentleman take to himself and his
friends all the credit that may be due for the
firing of those rebel shots, if he chooses to iden-
tify those who fired them with those in whose
ranks he serves. It is enough for me that
those whom I call "our men" captured after
enormous struggles these very forts from those
whom the gentleman styles "our own men,"
and that the possession of those forts by the
the latter prolonged, I may say for at least
three years, the life of the rebellion.
■So in the case of a foreign war, these fortifi-
cations at the mouths of our rivers and har-
bors protect our cities and the whole interior
country from ravage and destruction until our
military forces can be concentrated to resist
any army that may be landed.
Now, sir, I am requested by the chairman
of the committee to move that the committee
rise for the purpose of eloping debate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Before the gentleman
submits that motion I desire to call his atten-
tion to a single fact. The bill as now reported
by the committee embraces no fortifications for
the lakes, but is confined to sea-coast fortifica-
tions. If we open the door by the adoption of
the pending amendment, how can we resist the
insertion of all the lake fortifications?
Mr. KASSON. In answer to that remark,
I will say that I know something of this par-
ticular fort, having seen it. I know that it is
incomplete, and that it commands an entrance
of foreign armies to this country—one that has
been used when we have had war with Great
Britain. In the time of the Revolution it was
by means of this entrance that the British
brought large armies to bear against the Amer-
ican forces; and through the same entrance
the British, in the war of 1812. brought their
forces upon Lake Champlain. I know this to
be an important defensive position.
Mr. Chairman, I now yield to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Bidwell.]
Mr. BIDWELL. I do not profess to be in-
formed as to the necessity for these appropri-
ations upon the Atlantic sea-board; but so far
as regards the Pacific coast I can state with
confidence, from own knowledge, that it would
be bad policy not to complete the fortifications
at the harbor of San Francisco. There you
have a harbor two miles in width with a fortifi-
cation upon one side only, though the fogs are
so dense at times that you cannot see one hun-
dred yards from the shore.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a question of
order. California fortifications are not under
consideration, but fortifications upon the lakes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must
confine himself to the amendment.
Mr. BIDWELL. I am speaking of the ne-
cessity of completing the fortifications already
begun and of making others where none now
exist. The title of the bill is, "A bill making
appropriations for the construction, preserva-
tion, and repairs of certain fortifications and
other works of defense for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1868." I say it is necessary and
reasonable something should be appropriated
for that very purpose upon the Pacific coast. It
seems to be the intention of Congress almost
to abnegate the right to govern the Pacific
coast. The harbor of San Francisco is per-
haps the most important in the country, and
upon its security depends 
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order,
that the gentleman must confine himself to the
pending amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BIDWELL. The trade of the East
Indies as every one knows is gravitating to our
western shores.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
The pending amendment is for an appropriation
for one of the lake fortifications and has noth-
ing to do with the Pacific coast.
Mr. BIDWELL. The amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa has been withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that the gentleman from California is
in order, as he is arguing the amendment of
the gentleman from New York should not be
adopted, but that one should bo made for the
Pacific coast
Mr. SCOFIELD. When the gentleman was
last interrupted he was on the East Indies.
Mr. BIDWELL. I will move an amend-
ment to save myself from further interruption.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me to move the committee rise to close
this debate.
Mr. BIDWELL. I 3-ield for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Don-
nelly reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly House bill, No.
1184, making appropriations for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repairs of certain for-
tifications and other works of defense for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1808, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
glose op debate.
Mr. STEVENS moved that all further de-
bate on the bill be closed within five minutes
after its consideration shall have been resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
fortification appropriation bill—again.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
j, So the House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
, the Union, (Mr. Donnelly in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of House bill No.
118-1, making appropriations for the construc-
tions, preservation, and repairs of certain forti-
fications and other works of defense for the
•fiscal year ending June 30, 1808.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate by order of the
House has been closed in five minutes.
!j Mr. HALE. My amendment is pending, and
| I wish to say a single word in response to the
! objection taken by the gentleman from Illinois
I [Mr. Ross] and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
|i vania, [Mr. Scofield.] It is objected that it
;1 is a lake appropriation. In my judgment it
stands upon a different footing from any other
lake appropriation. This fort is at the outlet
of Lake Champlain, immediately contiguous to
the Canada line, on the forty-fifth parallel,
i and covers the whole entrance to the line of
Lake Champlain and the Hudson river. It is
from its very position more important than
any other single point on our whole northern
! frontier.
The gentleman from Illinois inquires how
these estimates have been made up. I am
happy to inform him the estimates were for-
warded from the Bureau of Engineers. The
estimates were for $60,000, which were reduced
by the Committee on Appropriations to $40,-
000 in their former bill, and at the suggestion
of the chairman I have further reduced the
appropriation to $25,000, which is the lowest
possible amount they can get along with.
Mr. ALLEY. Has it the sanction of the
Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. HALE. It has.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 33, noes 14 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Hale and Mr. Scofield.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 73, noes 12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For purchase of sites now occupied and lands pro-
posed to bo occupied for permanent sea-coast de-
fenses: Provided, That no such purchase shall be
made cxcept upon the approval of its expediency by
the Secretary of War and of the validity of the title
by the Attorney General, $50,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out the
clause just read.
Mr. STEVENS. There are sites which were
occupied during the war, one I remember upon
the Delaware, for which the Government was
not able to pay, there being no appropriation
for the purpose.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That on the Delaware is
a dirt fortification and a nuisance to every-
body there. There ought to be an appropria-
tion to remove it altogether instead of making
it permanent.
Mr. STEVENS. That is not the opinion
of the Department.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is the opinion of the
people in the neighborhood. We never needed
it before the war and there is no need of it now.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the amendment
will not prevail.
Mr. MAYNARD. I beg to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact that this is
merely a private matter.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been closed
by order of the House.
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Scon ELI), no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Scofield
and Kasson were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-one, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For purchase of sites now occupied by temporary
sea-coast defenses: Provided, That no such purchase
shall be made except upon the approval of its expe-
diency by the Secretary of War and of the validity of
the title by the Attorney (Jeneral, $25,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I make the same motion
in regard to this paragraph. It is of the same
kind—to purchase new sites.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to move first to perfect
the section by inserting after the words " Sec-
retary of War" the words "Secretary of the
Navy."
Mr. HALE. I suggest to my friend from
Illinois that lie had better put in "colonel of
the horse marines." [Laughter.]
Mr. ROSS. Yes, or my friend from New
York either. [Laughter.]
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Scofield, to strike out the paragraph ; and
it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For construction and repair of barracks and quar-
ters for the engineer at the depot of engineer sup-
plies at Willett's Point, New York, $25,000.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to
amend by striking out that paragraph. There
is no necessity for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the concluding paragraph.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, the Com-
mittee of the Whole decided yesterday to strike
out the enacting clause, but it was reinserted
by the House. I now renew the motion to
strike out the enacting words of the bill.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order:
this motion has been negatived in the House,
and is therefore not in order now.
The CHAIRMAN. The decision of the
House was at a different stage, and the Chair
thinks the motion is now in order.
The question being put, there were—ayes
45, noes 46; no quorum voting.
