1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1585
nays; and being taken, there were—ayes eight-
een. noes not counted.
Mr. LYNCH. I call for tellers upon order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Lawrence,
of Ohio, and Mr. Jexckes were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes twenty-nine, noes not
counted.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken upon the motion to
lay the bill upon the table ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 63, nays 84, not voting
43; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Baker, Baldwin,
Beaman. Benjamin, Bingham, Boyer, Brandegee,
Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Campbell, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Cook, Daw-
son, Delano, Doming, Eggleston, Eldridgc, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding,
Harris, Hawkins, Ilayes. Henderson, Hill, Hise, De-
mas Hubbard, James R. Ilubbell, Julian, Kelso,
K oontz, lvuykendall, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Leftwich, Loan, Marshall, Maynard.Me-
Cullough, Jlercur, Moulton, Noell, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, William H. Randall, Ititter, Ross, Scofield,
Shanklin, Shellabarger, Stokes, Nelson Taylor,
Thornton. Trimble, Van Acrnam, Andrew H. Ward,
Welker, and Stephen F. Wilson,—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine, Boutwell,
Bundy, Chanler, Cobb, Cooper, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eliot, Ferry, Gar-
field, Goodyear, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Higby,
Hogan, Holmes, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hulburd, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Jenckes, Ivasson, Kellcy, Ketcham,
Laflin, Le Blond, Longyear, Lyneh, Marvin, Mcln-
doe, McRuer, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Myers, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Paine, Patterson, Perham,
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Sehenek, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens,
Strouse, Taber.'l'hayer, Francis Thomas, Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Warner, William B. Washburn, Wlndom,
Winfield. and Woodbridge—84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Delos R. Ashley.
James M. Ashley, Blow, Cullom, Culver, Defrces,
Denison, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Farnsworth, Far-
quhar, Hart, Hotchkiss, AsahelW. Hubbard, Inzer-
soil, Jones, Kerr, Latham, Marston, MeClurg, Mc-
Kee, Miller, Newell, Orth, Plants, Price, Rogers,
Rousseau, Stilwell, Nathaniel G. Taylor, John L.
Thomas, Trowbridge, Robert 'I. Van Horn, Hamilton
Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, James F. Wilson,
and Wright—43.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table was
not agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. KASSON called for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
On the passage of the bill, there were—ayes
72, noes 35.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment joint resolutions
and a bill of the House of the following titles:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 271) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to adjust and settle
the claim of D. Randolph Martin, assignee of
the Washington, Georgetown, and Alexandria
Railroad Company;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 290) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Navy to grant the use
of aruns for the trial of Rigdway's battery; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1051) for the relief of
Henry P. Blanchard.
order of business.
Mr. BANDEGEE. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour haa
now commenced.
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 100.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand that we can-
not reach the tariff bill until the expiration of
the morning hour without a suspension of the
rules.
The SPEAKER. That is true.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, then, that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the tariff bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
new site for a naval academy.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes, as
the first business in order during the morning
hour, the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 299) concerningthe Naval Academy
at Annapolis, the pending question being upon
the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schexck.]
Mr. BRANDEGEE. .1 ask that the joint
resolution and the substitute be reported.
The Clerk read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Be it resolved, (fv., That the Secretary of the Navy
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to ap-
point a board of no less than three competent officers,
whose duty it shall be to examine into all the facts
connected with the location of tho Naval Academy
at Annapolis, Maryland, with a view to the expedi-
ency of removing the same to a locality more advan-
tageous totheGovernment of the United States; and
also to make careful examination and survey of the
harbor of New London, Connecticut, and of New-
port, Rhode Island, with a view to the advantages
presented by each for the location of said Naval
Academy, and to report all the facts to the Fortieth
Congress, together with such recommendation in the
premises as they shall deem will best promote the
public interest.
The Clerk also read Mr. Schenck's sub-
stitute, as follows:
Resolved, That the Speaker of this House be au-
thorised and directed to appoint a committee, con-
sisting of three members, whose duty it shall bo to
makecareful examination atNewLondon,Connecti-
cut, and Newport, Rhode Island, with a view to the
advantages presented by each of said sites for the
permanent location of# the United States Naval
Academy, and with a view to the removal of that
institution from Annapolis. That the said commit-
tee have power to send for persons and papers, and to
call upon the Secretary of the Navy for the detail of
any one or more officers of the Navy to assist in tho
investigation, and for such information as the files
of his Department may afford; and that the said
committee report all the facts, with their conclusions,
to the House of Representatives of the Fortieth
Congress, together with such recommendations in the
premises as may best subserve the public interests.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio, that he may modify his amend-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. When this matter was last
under consideration I had the floor at the
expiration of the morning hour, but I do not
know that I have anything to add to the remarks
with which I then submitted the amendment.
I was, however, at that time, expressing my
disposition to modify this substitute so as to
make it a little wider in ks scope than it is
now, because it indicates but two places where
examinations are to be made, New London,
Connecticut, and Newport, Rhode Island. I
have been of opinion that perhaps there ought
to be named some place on the North river,
and some place in the neighborhood of Nave-
sink, New Jersey. I leave it to gentlemen
representing those parts of the country to say
whether the resolution ought to have a wider
scope given to it by indicating those points.
Perhaps, however, some gentlemen may think
that wilhout the indication of particular points
there oughtto be some general provision author-
izing the committee to examine any site which
they may deem it advisable to look at. Before
accepting any suggestion for a modification
of the substitute in that respect I shall make
another myself.
The original resolution provides for the sur-
vey of the harbors of the different points named.
That is entirely unnecessary, as better surveys
have already been made of all the points which
could come within the province of this com-
mittee or commission than could be made
under their direction, and these are the surveys
of the Coast Survey. I add to my resolution
the authority to call upon the Secretary of
the Navy for information from his Department
and for detail of officers, authority also to call
upon the Superintendent of the Coast Survey
for any information needed.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask leave to make a
suggestion. I hope the gentleman will also
modify his resolution by adding, "or any other
site which in their judgment it may be advisa-
ble to examine."
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not want to make it
too much of a roving commission, but perhaps
the gentleman's modification had better be
! accepted, and I accept it.
Mr. ROLLINS. I want the harbor of Ports-
, mouth, New Hampshire, also included.
Mr. SCHENCIL Wiscasset, in Maine, is
: also suggested, but the language of the gentle-
man from New York will include them all,
which I have accepted as a modification.
! Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, I am
admonished by the tremendous pressure of
business crowded into the closing hours of the
session, if I expect to get a vote on the joint
resolution I have been instructed to report
! from the Committee on Naval Affairs, action
must be taken within less than an hour ; but as
I deem it due to the gentleman from Maryland
l [Mr. F. Thomas,] and especially to my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Phelps,] to give
them an opportunity to express the views and
feelings of their constituents, I will, after the
previous question has been called, yield to
them half of the hour to which I shall be enti-
tled. I would prefer my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Phelps] would take half of
my time and dispose of it as he pleased. I
shall occupy only ten minutes, and devote the
residue of the hour to taking a vote. I now
demand the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 desire to inquire of
the gentleman from Connecticut whether this
resolution is not reported to the House without
a particle of proof to sustain a single charge
made in the original resolution referred to
them? Is there a particle of proof express
or implied?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I will yield thirty min-
utes of my time to the other side, reserving
only ten to myself.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the propo-
sition reported from the committee is a joint
resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I further modify
my substitute, making it a joint resolution and
providing the committee shall be constituted
of two members of the Senate and three mem-
bers of thi8 House, to be appointed by the
Speaker of this House and the President of
the Senate respectively.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
51, noes 34; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and ap-
pointed Mr. Brandegee and Mr. Phelps.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 61, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
now put.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I will yield thirty min-
utes of my time to my colleague on the commit-
tee, [Mr. Phelps,] to dispose of as he pleases.
Mr. PHELPS. I will take fifteen minutes
myself.
Mr. Speaker, in rising to oppose this prop-
osition, which I can but characterize in ad-
vance as a most extraordinary one, I feel I
am expressing the united voice of the entire
population of Maryland without distinction of
party, and I may add in the current phraseology
of the day without distinction of race or sex.
Why, sir, are gentlemen aware this movement
comes into the House of Representatives abso-
lutely destitute of any foundation in the shape
of any evidence to sustain the charges in the
resolution of inquiry referred to the commit-
tee ? Are gentlemen aware the very proposi-
tion before the House at this moment is one
against which this Congress is committed by
a vote at the last session, after the subject
had been brought in the most solemn manner
