1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
900
I think that the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts is a reasonable one. I
believe it to be for the interest of tliis Govern-
ment to have our own people manufacture
everything that can be manufactured in this
country, and we can manufacture nearly every-
thing. We produce or ought to produce all
the grades of wool. There is a quality of
wool raised in South America which is of a
lower grade than that we now produce or
than perhaps it is for our interest to produce.
I should be in favor of the proposition of the
Senator from Illinois if it were practicable;
but it is not. It is true, as he says, that great
frauds have been and are now being perpe-
trated in the grading of wools. Fine wools are
covered with burrs and films, and are intro-
duced at a low rate of duty and then oleansed.
Frauds are perpetrated in that way.
I hope that the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts will be adopted, and that
we shall return to the manufacture of the liuer
classes of woolen goods. I believe that this
slight increase of duly may bring about that
result. J shall certainly support the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts, and I
hope it will be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be well enough
for me perhaps to make a statement with
regard to this matter, so that it may be better
understood than it is standing alone by itself.
We have adopted in our rates and in our
classification the description and rates which
were adopted by the House in the bill that
came to us. We made some difference, how-
ever, in the duty upon cloths manufactured
from wool. The [louse itself did not adopt in
full the arrangement as it was agreed upon by
the representatives of the wool-growing inter-
est and the manufacturing interest. They
adjusted the duties and the rates very carefully;
first fixing the duties on wools and giving the
various descriptions, and then settling how
much it would be necessary to advance the
tariff on woolen goods in order to conform
thereto and give the necessary protection to
the manufacturer. In doing so they found that
fifty-three cents per pound was demanded upon
the.se cloths. The necessity for that rate was
made out by showing how much wool would be
used in a yard, what the duties on it were, and
what were the other incidental expenses con-
nected with the manufacture. They made it
out thjit that amount, of money would be neces-
sary in order to remunerate the additional
expenses they were at; and then they asked
thirty-five per cent, ad valorem, by way of pro-
tection, accounting for ten per cent, of that by
what they paid for internal taxation and by
taking the foreign valuation into account, leav-
ing them a protection simply of twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem against the foreign manufac-
turer after being repaid that which they were
obliged to pay out to make up for what gentlemen
talk about so much, the different rates of labor
here and abroad, and other considerations in-
volved in protection to American manufactures.
The House of Representatives, nevertheless,
cut them down three cents from the rate they
asked, and when our committee came to act
wo cut them down five cents more on the
pound; and we did that supposing that would
be about the amount that should be taken off
to compensate for the duties taken off dye-
stuffs. I am satisfied that we made a mistake
in that respect; that the duties we took off dye-
stuffs would not amount to so much, perhaps
only to about two and one half or three per
cent. If, therefore, we made the allowance
for the diminished duties on dye-stuffs, which
were included in the calculation of their ex-
penses, they would still be entitled on their
own calculation to fifty cents per pound. They
complained that the House cut them down too
much in giving them but fifty cents and leaving
the duties on dye-stuffs, and that they lost three
cents protection in that way. Now, offsetting
that against the dye-stuffs, there would still
be according to their calculation—in which
we could see no error—fifty cents a pound,
which they originally demanded. The propo-
sition of the Senator from Massachusetts, there-
fore, is simply to go back to their original prop-
osition on the lower grades ; that is, fifty cents
per pound and thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
This is no more than they asked in the first
place as the proper compensation for the in-
creased duties upon wool and the other ex-
penses that they were obliged to pay.
This amendment, however, goes a little fur-
ther and increases the ad valorem on the next
higher grade of cloths five per cent, and 011 a
still higher grade five per cent, more, making
tho percentages respectively thirty-five, forty,
and forty-five per cent., according to the in-
creased price of the cloth. I inquired why
this was, because ordinarily we do not increase
the percentage as the prices raise, but rather
the reverse. The answer made was on account
of the greatly increased price of the line wools
which they are obliged to use in the manufac-
ture. I suppose the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and understands that a great deal better than
I do and can explain it if necessary.
This is the simple state of tho fact; and I
must confess that I was very much impressed
by the statement made by the gentleman, at
whose request I suppose the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts has moved this amendment.
He is a man of very great experience and very
great intelligence as connected with all this
business. Ho appeared before our committee
and said that he did not go into tho convention
of wool-growers and manufacturers, or that he
went in and left it, because he entirely dis-
agreed with them in the conclusions to which
he saw they wore coming. He thought that
the system adopted there was one which, in-
stead of being beneficial, would if carried out
be injurious to the manufacturing interest of
woolens. He stated, as one reason for this
increase, that thirty-five per cent, would bo a
very small protection, the percentage being
relied on for that purpose. He said twenty-
five per cent, would be enough if they got it
clear ; but owing to the frauds in valuations,
which seem unavoidable, it would not amount
to fifteen per cent, in reality, and that would
not protect them, especially in the finer grades
of woolen cloths.
His argument made a very strong impression
upon 1110 with reference to the whole matter;
and the singular circumstance that, although a
woolen manufacturer, he appeared not contest-
ing what was done, butgiving his views and ad-
vising in reference to it, satisfied mo that wo
could not be misled by him in our views in favor
of adopting this tariff, which had been arranged
by the House of Representatives in conformity
with the wishes of these two classes who had
held the convention.
I am, therefore, very much disposed to give
credit to what lie says now, for it is only in
conformity with what he said then ; and the
statement made by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is that if this goes into operation he
will be obliged to close his factory, and he does
not want to do so on account of the great num-
ber of men who are dependent upon him ; and
hence the necessity for tho slight additional
percentage on the finer cloths now proposed to
be added. This view rather impresses itself
upon my mind, and having stated the views of
the committee I do not propose to make any
further contest about it.
I will state, moreover, that the views of this
gentleman are entirely corroborated by the
views of an exceedingly intelligent wool man-
ufacturer in my own State, who wrote to my
colleague, not in quite so strong terms, but
stating that under 1 his tariff as arranged he
would be obliged to close his mill; and I be-
lieve that his mill and that of the other gentle-
man referred to are the only mills in tho coun-
try that have kept on up to the present time.
My belief is, as they say, that if the thing
stands as it is they cannot manufacture fine
woolen cloths at all in this country.
I suppose I may as well state my own opin-
ions on this subject. My own belief is that it
would have been better and the policy would
have been wiser if the wool-growers could have
been satisfied with a lower rate of duty on
wool, relying for their great benefit on the sup-
port of the manufacturers, the home demanq.
It is already true that they furnish seventy per
cent, of all the wool that is used in the manu-
facture of woolens in this country according to
their own statement, and they do not dispute
the fact that we must have more or loss of for-
eign wools to make up the whole supply needed. '
It struck me that that was a pretty good pro-
portion. I confess that I have hesitated very
much to believe that it was the true system to
lay very large duties upon the wool itself, in-
stead of relying upon the building up of man-
ufactures as the great protection of tho wool-
growing interest of the country. That was my
opinion then, and I remain of the same opin-
ion, although the committee came to the con-
clusion that it was best to take the duties on
wool as they were fixed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and we reported accordingly.
I had another view in regard to it. I did
not see and do not see now the necessity of
laying such high duties on the second-class
wools, even if we lay them upon the first-clasa
precisely as they are demanded by the wool-
growers. I do not see the object of placing
tlfo same duties upon the second-class wools
which are hardly beginning to be produced in
this country. I believe the total production in
this country of wools of tho second class, which
go into the manufacture of worsteds falls short
of three hundred thousand pounds. It is an
interest that is just beginning. My belief was
that in the present condition of things in this
country this is no time to struggle to bring up
new productions and new manufactures. Ex-
pensive as living is, and with so many burdens
upon the people, we should content ourselves
with giviug adequate protection to those inter-
ests that already exist. If we wore to let in
these second-class wools at a low rate, which
would not interfere with any production of
wools now in existence here, tho result would
bo that we should avoid the increased duty
upon manufactures from tho second- class wools,
which are manufactures of worsted, and which
grew up under the operation of the reciprocity
treaty, those wools being then imported from
Canada free to the extent of about six million
pounds a year, I think. •
Then, in regard to the third class of wools.
Nobody demanded a higher duty on those,
because they are of a very coarse character and
cotnc in competition with none that we raise or
want to raise here. And here let me say to the
honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates]
that i f we should adopt his level we must neces-
sarily raise the duties enormously upon carpets
and carpeting upon which wc have raised but
very slightly in consequence of the fact that these
wools cost so much more now and arc so much
more difficult to be obtained than they were.
I do not propose to argue tho question. The
committee adopted a certain series of views on
tho subject which i have endeavored to carry
out in supporting this bill before the Senate,
and I shall adhere to them in the votes I give
although they may not square exactly with my
own belief of what is the true policy of the coun-
try. I am satisfied of another thing, and that
is a strong argument for adhering to the rates
agreed upon, that no tariff can be passed unless
the demands of the wool-growers are acceded
to. Such is public opinion, natural or manu-
factured, so strong has it become that on that
point it is perfectly irresistible. I would not
attempt to set up my feeble opinions in oppo-
sition to it, especially upon a matter which I
cannot claim to have any particular reason for
understanding better than other people.
I shall make no opposition to this amend-
ment. The statements of these gentlemen,
connected with my own previous impressions
in regard to it, are such as to load me to the
conclusion that the woolen manufacturers will
be in extreme danger unless we do somewhat
increase the rate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope no change will be
made in the tariff on wools and woolens, be-
cause the tariff proposed is the result of a long,
