146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17.
submitted to the people and it received a pop-
ular vote, there was not a population that jnsti-
fiedthe formation of a State government. Sup-
posie that next year there may be 100,000 people
in. Nebraska, that 100,000 ought to have a
voice in the making of the State' government.
If in June' last, when the vote was had upon
the constitution, there were but thirty, forty,
or fifty thousand, had that thirty, forty, or fifty
thousand people a right to form the State gov-
ernment which shall be over the one hundred
or one hundred and fifty thousand that may be
there next year? When the population is filled
lip to such a number as justifies the formation
of a State government, that entire population
ought to have a voice in the formation of the ■
government that shall be established.
In June, upon a very interesting question,
the question of a State constitution, the entire
vote was 7,776, showing a population of per-
haps 35,000. I understood the Senator from
Ohio to say that in October at the popular
election for State officers, for a Legislature,
for a member of Congress, a very important
election, when all the voters were likely to be
out, the entire vote was about 9,000. Now,
sir, if the voting population is about one fifth
of the entire population, that would show the
entire population of Nebraska to be in October
about 45,000, about one half the number as-
sumed by the Senator from Ohio. If there are
about 88,000 people in Nebraska, then the vote
in October ought to have been about twice as
large as it was. A population in a Territory
of 88,000 will show a voting population of at
least 18,000, perhaps 20,000; but that voting
population is not there. When they voted
Upon their constitution less than 8,000 votes
were polled, and when they voted under the
State government for all the officers of the
State, for the member of Congress, and for the
Legislature that was to elect Senators, upon a
most exciting occasion, when the political ex-
< itement perhaps was as high as it has ever
been in the Territories, only about 9,000 votes
were cast. Is any Senator justified, then, in
saying that the population of Nebraska is above
forty or fifty thousand? I assume that the evi-
dence before us doe8 not justify the opinion
that the population is above that number. With
a census in 1860 of 28,000, with a vote in June
upon the constitution of about 7,776, with a
vote in October upon ah election that called
out the entire population, at least as fully as
any popular.election can call out the voting
population, the entire vote was but 9,000.
Then, sir, from the information that is before
the Senate, (I exclude the opinion that came
from the Bureau of Statistics,) we are not justi-
fied in saying that the entire population of Ne-
braska at the time of the adoption of the con-
stitution was more than 35,000, at the time of
the State election more than forty or forty-five
thousand; and then it presents the question
whether that population ought to form a State
government and be admitted to representation
in this Hall and in the other House.
I know very well, as was said by the Sena-
tor'from Ohio, that there is.no law upon the
subject and no very uniform practice; but it
has come to be the opinion that before a Ter-
ritory shall be admitted as a State it ought to
have a population entitling it to a Representa-
tive in the other House, or very nearly so. In
the States each section of country is entitled to
a Representative in the House when the popu-
lation is about 127,000, and with a less popu-
lation than that a section of a State i3 not
♦ entitled to a Representative. Upon what prin-
ciple, then,, has one third of that population
or one half of that population in a Territory
the right to a voice in the House of Represent-
atives? Upon , what principle can 40,000 peo-
ple living in the Territory of Nebraska claim
the same voice in the Senatei of the United
States that is given to the million and a half
of people of the State of Indiana? 1 am not
upon this occasion going to complain of the
unequal distribution of political power in the
• Senate; we all know it; it is felt by the coun-
try; but it is under a compromise of the Con-
stitution, and I make no war against it now.
But, sir, when we feel it, shall we increase it?
Shall we give to a people in a Territory two
Senators in this body when they have a popu-
lation not half enough to entitle them to a
Representative in the House of Representa-
tives? I think it ought not to be; and upon
that ground, and that ground only, I vote
against this bill. Had there been a sufficient
population in Nebraska and had the people in
fact of that Territory expressed themselves in
favor of this Constitution, I should most cheer-
fully vote for her admission.
I think that the consideration to which ref-
erence has been made in the course of this
debate does not influence my judgment. The
fact that Senators and a Representative belong-
ing to a particular political party have been
elected, 1 think would not influence my judg-
ment. I simply ask that when a new State
seeks admission she shall have such a popula-
tion as reasonably and fairly entitles her to a
Representative in the House; and I think that
is consistent with the principles of the Gov-
ernment and with the almost uniform practice
of the Government.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
referred to another subject, not connected with
the admission of this State, to which I shall
allude but for a moment. He expressed the
opinion that the constitutional amendment
which received the sanction of this body and
of the other House at the last session was a
mild proposition, and was just and fair toward
the southern States. I think I recollect to
have asked that Senator at the last session a
question which he did not then answer, and I
will repeat the question to him now, and let
him then, as a representative of one of the
States of this Union, say whether one of the
provisions of the constitutional amendment is
fair. That amendment was so carefully and
artfully framed as to leave the northern States
a representation of from fifteen to twenty Rep-
resentatives in the other House, based upon
a non-voting population. It was so carefully
framed as to leave to Missouri, to Tennessee,
to West Virginia, and to Maryland their full
representation, when one half of their people
by State policy and legislation are denied the
right of voting. A full representation is al-
lowed to four States, notwithstanding one half
of their population is disfranchised. A full
representation, including a basis of non-voting
population, securing twenty Representatives in
the House, is left to the northern States.
Now, is it right in a constitutional amend-
ment to give to one State a representation
based upon a non-voting population and to
deny it to another State because a particular
population is not allowed to vote ? Is it right,
is it just, is it a mild and fair proposition to
say that New York may retain four or five
Representatives based upon a non-voting popu-
lation and to deny to Georgia representation
for her non-voting population? Is it equal
and just that one State shall be represented
for her non-voting population and another
State not represented for her non-voting popu-
lation? That is the question. The Senator at
the last session did not answer it, and I think
it cannot be answered.
I know it may be said that these people in
the South have been in a state of rebellion.
The wickedness and folly of the southern States
in going into that rebellion cannot be too
strongly expressed by the Senator from Ohio;
but when they come back by their representa-
tion into this body and into the other House
do they come as States?
Mr. W ADE. Does the Senator contend that
the constitutional amendment provided that
they might exclude a portion of their popula-
tion from voting in New York, Ohio, or any
other State, and still have representation for
that portion in the other House ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. WADE. I do not so understand it at
all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no question
about it.
Mr. WADE. The amendment, as I under-
stand it, refers to all the States alike in that
particular.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir.
Mr. WADE. But I take a distinction be-
tween the power of this Government over States
that have forfeited their rights by rebellion and
those that never have.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not discussing the
view of the Senator who has just addressed the •
Senate, but that of his colleague. His colleague
has said that the amendment proposed at the.
last session was a fair, a mild, and a just one;
that because of its character in these respects
great advantage was secured to the party with
which he acted during the last political contest.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to wish an answer to his question now?.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Oh, no. Now, I -will
call the attention of the Senator from Ohio
who interrupted me a moment since to the
language of this amendment:
" Representatives shall bo apportioned among the
several States according to their respective numbers,
countiag the whole number of persons in each State,
excluding Indians not taxed."
That is a general proposition and includes as
a representative basis all the population of the
States, except Indians not taxed.
" But when the right to vote at any election for the
choice of electors for President and Vice President
of tho United States, Representatives in Congress,
the executive and judicial officers of a State, or the
members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any
of the male inhabitants of such State, being twenty-
one years of age and citizens of the United States,
or in any way abridged, except for participation in
rebellion or other crime, the basis of representation
therein shall be reduced in the proportion which the
■ number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole
number of male citizens twenty-one years of age in
such State."
It requires some mathematical ability to
understand this section, but I think the Sen-
ator will not h'ave much trouble in arriving at
the opinion which I have expressed, that it
leaves to the northern States fifteen or twenty
Representatives, based upon a non-voting pop-
ulation, while it takes from the southern States
entirely all representation based upon their
non-voting population, for I will ask the atten-
tion of the Senator to the language:
"When the right to vote is denied to any of the
male inhabitants of such State."
That is general; that would include all; but
it goes on:
" Being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the
United States."
Then they are not to be counted ; and it
further proceeds:
"Or in any way abridged except for participation
in rebellion."
That language was inserted "except for par-
ticipation in rebellion" so as to give Missouri
her full representation, so as to give Tennessee
her full representation, and the same of West
Virginia and Maryland. Theyare not excluded
from the basis of representation because they
are excepted from the exclusion. So the ex-
clusion from the basis of representation does
not include those who are not citizens of the
United States. It is very artfully, very care-
It presents simply the question,
equality among tho States of this
Union, that one State shall have a representa-
tion upon a described class of her population,,
and another State shall not be allowed a rep-
resentation upon such class.
Mr. CRAGIN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. CRAGIN. Does that constitutional
amendment exclude the non-voting foreign
population of the southern States more than
of the northern States?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly not.
Mr. CRAGIN. That is the point.
Mr. HENDRICKS. "That is the point,"
the Senator says; and what is the point? That
the southern States, according to the census,
would not perhaps liave one Representative
based upon a foreign population, while the north-
ern States, as was stated by one of the most
distinguished Representativesatthelastsesfiton,
