1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
before the Naval Committees of the two Houses,
after it had been debated in both Houses, and
after the visit of the two committees to Annap-
olis to investigate for themselves the allegations
preferred against it as the proper location for
the Naval Academy.
It has been said, sir, that the Naval Acad-
emy was originally established at Annapolis
not in pursuance of any express legislation for
that purpose. It was established there in the
first instance by virtue of an arrangement be-
tween Mr. Marcy, Secretary of War, and
George Bancroft, Secretary of the Navy,
with the concurrence of the President of the
United States, and sanctioned repeatedly by
Congress, transferring Fort Severn, on Severn
river, from the War Department to the Navy,
for the purpose of affording a place for the
proper instruction and education of midship-
men.
The action of the Department, as I said,
has been recognized repeatedly by every Con-
gress that has met since that day, with the ex-
ception of those to which I shall refer, by
renewed appropriations of money for the sup-
port of the ''Naval Academy at Annapolis."
There has not been a Congress since its estab-
lishment at Annapolis, in 1845, which has not
recognized and sanctioned its existence there,
with the exception of the three or four years
during which the Academy was removed to
Newport, in order to secure a temporary loca-
tion at a safer distance from the theater of
civil war. That removal was made in 1861,
and from that time until its return to Annapo-
lis, in the month of May, 1805, there was
one continuous series of protests and remon-
strances on the part of the officers, professors,
and superintendents in charge of this institu-
tion against the propriety of its continued loca- J
tion at that place. ;
Sir, these matters have all been gone into 1
before. This is no longer an open question ;
it is resadjudicata both by the Thirty-Eighth
and Thirty-Ninth Congresses. After an elab-
orate and exhaustive discussion in the Thirty-
Eighth Congress, both in the Senate and House,
upon the necessity of the immediate removal
of that institution from the demoralizing in-
fluences with which it was connected in the
town of Newport, arising from the fact of its
being a fashionable watering-place and at the
same time a manufacturing town, the evidence
was overwhelming and conclusive upon the
point that owing to those circumstances that
place was altogether improper and unsuitable
for the location of an institution contemplat-
ing the education of young men for the naval
service.
I have here before me these testimonials. I
have here a report of Admiral Davis, the head
t ®ureau Navigation and in charge of
the Naval Academy, going over this matter in
a most elaborate and detailed manner, exam-
ining it in all its bearings, and showing that
in every point of view, in point of accommo-
climate, discipline, economy
of living, and every other aspect in which the
case could possibly be presented, there was
no advantage in favor ot its then existing
location, but that its former site at Annapolis
vas better than Newport or any other place
that could be named.
hy, sir, are gentlemen aware of the amount
ot money the Government has expended in the
improvement of the-locality at Annapolis and j
fatting it lor the purpose for which it was de- |
signed I Are gentlemen aware that over one 1
million dollars have been invested in land and !
OT^ba.Wmgs. in dormitories, libraries, ,
recitation-halls, lecture-rooms, chanel engine- ,
nec^T tKU t-He °th?r aPPurtenance.s'con- i
nected with that institution ? Only at the last
session of Congress the subject was reinvesti-
gated, and after every charge that could be made
had been presented and urged persistently and
pertinaciously, after an actual personal inspec-
tion upon the spot by the Naval Committees
ot both Houses, assisted by nearly one hun-
fif8 Senators and members, the result of
the whole business was that the objections of
the Secretary of the Navy and others were
overruled by an additional appropriation of
8100,000 to enlarge the area of the establish-
ment. And in virtue of that appropriation
the State of Maryland has ceded at a mere
nominal sum the buildings and grounds that
have from time immemorial been occupied as
I the Executive Mansion, for the better accom-
modation of that institution ; the transfer has
been made, and this Government now owns the
property which is within the inclosure of the
Academy grounds.
In point of health how does the present loca-
tion compare with others? Are gentlemen
aware that the records show that in point of
health Annapolis stands above Newport as .four
to one ; that during the whole period of the
location of the Naval Academy at that place
previous to its removal buttwo deaths occurred,
while during the shoft period of its temporary
sojourn at Newport epidemics prevailed among
the young men at the sacrifice of health and
of life ?
In point of discipline it may be said that
there is not a professor connected with the
Academy, not an officer of the Navy who has
'been educated there, who does not know that a
large manufacturing town like Newport, accom-
panied as it is with all the allurements and
temptations of a fashionable watering-place, is
altogether unsuited for the purpose of such an
institution, while all of them agree in recom-
mending Annapolis for the almost perfect
isolation and seclusion that there secures the
midshipmen from interruption and from dis-
tracting influences of every kind.
It is admitted that in point of climate An-
napolis is unrivaled. Situated on the Chesa-
peake, it has one month more of spring and
another of fall in which instruction in seaman-
ship and naval gunnery can be given upon the
open waters of the bay than can be afforded by
any waters on Long Island sound or the Hud-
son river.
In point of economy how does the matter
stand? Why, sir, complaints have come up
to us from almost every officer of the Navy of
the inadequacy of their present pay for their
comfortable subsistence, and yet it is proposed
to remove the Naval Academy, which contains
a large corps of professors and instructors and
a number of young men living npon small
means, from a quiet country village, noted for
the abundance and cheapness of its supplies,
to a sea-side resort where the cost of living is
made extravagant by the millions of money
squandered there by the devotees of fashion,
who pass their summers at its elegant villas.
I refer the House in addition to the report
of Admiral Davis, to which I have already
referred, to the report of the visitors to the
Naval Academy in 1862. That board was
composed of Commodores Stribling, Sands,
Glynn, Hudson, Wilkes, and Harwood, and
that board was of opinion, by the voice of
every one of its members except one, and he
only qualified his opinion, that of all the places
that have been named Annapolis was the only
one suited, in their judgment, for the purposes
ot the institution.
I refer the House also to the recorded opinion
ot Commodore Blake, who was Superintendent
ot the Naval Academy during the time it was
at .Newport, urging upon the Department and
upon Congress its immediate removal to its for-
mer location,
. ^ ! the House also to the recorded opin-
ion ot Captain Hodgers, a Newport man, con-
nected with that place by family associations,
and therefore an impartial witness, certainly,
so far as any prejudice against either place
might be concerned. Captain Rodgers is, of
all the officers to whom I have referred, the
most explicit and positive in his condemnation
of Newport as a proper site for the location of
the N aval Academy. As for the present Super-
intendent, I am assured that f might safely
venture to rest the case upon the opinion of
Admiral Porter alone.
Sir, this proposition has no merit. There
has beeu no site proposed, there can be no site
proposed, which is not, so far as regards An-
napolis, infinitely below comparison. There
must be some other pretext. I find another
reason assigned why this is not a proper and
suitable locality for this purpose. And, sir,
what is this last refuge of disappointment?
Why, sir, since we have been invited to go into
this general game of grab, a temptation is
offered to every man in this House who comes
from districts bordering on the sea, on naviga-
ble rivers, or even on inland lakes, to put in
the claim of his locality in competition with
that of Annapolis.
Upon what ground is this resolution based?
Why, sir, upon the ground, not distinctly
charged but made by innuendo, that the State
of Maryland is not a loyal State, and there-
fore that this institution shall be taken from
within her limits. " Willing to wound, and
yet afraid to strike," the resolution upon
which this movement was started does not in
distinct terms contain the imputation, but in-
sidiously suggests language large enough in
scope to allow gentlemen to draw that infer-
ence, should the exigencies of the case require
that inference to be drawn.
Now, sir, it is too late in the day for gentle-
j men to come in here and say that Maryland
is not a loyal State. Fifty thousand of her
sons upon the muster-roll of the Union Army
are the answer to the libel; $30,000,000 thrown
into the breach, with eighty-seven thousand
of her slaves as a voluntary sacrifice to the
Union at the time it was imperiled, are the
answer to the libel. The first State to advance
her quota of the war tax, she was the third
to ratify the constitutional amendment abol-
ishing slavery.
Sir, it is too late for any man to come before
an intelligent body of gentlemen, no matter
how strong their party feelings may be, no
matter to what length their party prejudices
might be supposed powerful to carry them, and
deliberately ask the removal of this national
institution, which is not called for by any con-
sideration of propriety, and which is not war-
ranted by any considerations of economy, or
by any other consideration that can be named,
on the ground that a State with such a record
as that is not a loyal State.
Sir, if the results of elections from time to
time are to have this effect upon works requir-
ing stability for their success, upon great public
institutions demanding permanence for their
utility, then to what a pass have we come in
this country. You must put the Military Acad-
emy at West Point, the Naval Academy, the
United States Mint, and every other public
institution which you have, upon wheels and
move them from State to State whenever the
result of an election within the limits of any
particular State where the institution may bo
located may be objectionable to the dominant
majority in Congress. You must make your
permanent institutions migratory, which, like
wandering tribes, are to be removed from place
to place as the fluctuations of political parties
from time to time may indicate to the dominant
party that such action may be necessary to
accomplish a temporary purpose.
But I do not propose to enlarge upon this
subject, as I am restricted by the arrangement
entered iuto in reference to time. I have prom-
ised to yield three minutes of my time to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. McKee,] and
the remainder of mv time to my colleasue,
[Mr. F. Thomas.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has twelve
minutes of his time remaining.
Mr. McKEE. I will yield my time to the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas,]
and not occupy any time myself.
, ^Jr- F. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, I confess
that to me nothing can be more annoving than
'hat a Representative of the people s'hould be
obliged to another Representative for the priv-
ilege ot free speech in a Hall like this. But I
must acquiesce in the uniform practice which
prevails here, and proceed to say a few words
upon this subject.
Can it be seriously proposed to wast®
