1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
liave from fifteen to twenty Representatives
based upona non-voting population. It cannot
be said now that the negroes are not citizens
and therefore are not to be counted for the
purposes of representation. ; The legislation
of Congress has undertaken to make them citi-
zens and to giye them political equality. Then,
sir, if you say that a non-voting population, a
population excluded by the laws of a particular
State because of the policy of that State, shall
be allowed as the basis of representation in
favor of that State, why not carry the same
4octrine into other States?
I am not going to refer to the intimations of
the Senator from Ohio, that if the southern
States do not accept of this constitutional
amendment governments will be established
over th&n. Of course we shall see what will
be done. I am not going to discuss that ques-
tion now. It has been proposed to Congress,
and I suppose will come up for our considera-
tion. All that I undertook to discuss at this
time was the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] that the constitutional
amendment was a fair one, and that it was
equal. I like the doctrine of his colleague
tMr. Wade] that the States coming into this
Tnion are to come in as equals, and that we
have no right to impose conditions on Ne-
braska that are not to be imposed upon other
States. I like that doctrine. I believe that
doctrine. is to be the salvation of this country
when it is entirely saved. I do not believe
that this Union can permanently rest quietly
and securely for the prosperity and greatness
of this people on a Constitution that makes the
Slates unequal in the Union. I look forward
to the time when all the States shall be here—
here not upon terms and conditions other than
those prescribed in the formation of the Gov-
ernment, but here, according to the argument
of the Senator from Ohio in regard to Ne-
braska, as equals. I look forward to that time.
I have my hope of the complete restoration
and prosperity of our country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Indiana having delivered his specch
to the Senate, and insisted upon delivering it
without allowing the Senate to determine what
business it would proceed with, I move now
that the subject under consideration be laid
aside for the purpose of proceeding with the
bill upon which we were then acting.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Illi-
nois has made a remark which in my judgment
is not in good taste, and not within the proprie-
ties of the Senate. I had the floor; it was my
right to complete the remarks that I had to
make. I had desired to complete these re-
marks very briefly on Friday evening, but the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] asked
me to yield that he might make a proposition;
then another Senator asked me to yield still
further, and as a matter of course I yielded.
Now the Senator from Illinois, because I de-
sired that what I said on Friday and what I
had to say to-day should not be entirely dis-
connected and separated, intimates that I
sought to interpose my will against the desire
of the Senate. I do not think he is author-
ized to say that; I do not think he is author-
ized in saying that the Senate desired to take
up the bill he refers to—a bill, according to his
own showing, that is not of much practical im-
portance. I proposed to discuss a bill that
was of practical importance ; he desired that I
should take my seat in the midst of an argu-
ment; I did not choose to yield to him upon
that. It was not between me and the Senate.
The Senator insisted that I should yield to him
that he might interpose a motion ; I refused to
do it; it is a question between him and myself.
I did not yield to him when he wished to make
a motion to call up another bill, and that is not
the subject of any lceture.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, before the
motion is put in regard to postponing this bill
and taking up another, I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to permit me to substi-
tute an amendment, drawn in somewhat differ-
ent language but substantially the same thing,
for the one which I presented the other day, it is
simply designating the time at which the elec-
tion shall be held. I desire that it may be
printed when the bill goes over. I ask that
permission unanimously of the Senate.
ThePRESIDBNTprotorepope. The Senator
from Missouri asks unanimous consent of the
Senate to interpose to the bill now before the
Senate an amendment varying somewhat the
terms of the amendment heretofore offered by
him.
Mr. BROWN. To withdraw the one I of-
fered the other day and substitute in its place
what I now present and ask to have printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection to the request made by the
Senator from Missouri, and the amendment
which he now presents will be received and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I did not
say that the Senate desired to go on with the
other bill. I said the Senator from Indiana
refused to allow the Senate to determine what
business it would proceed with. We had been
proceeding with the other bill, and it is the first
time within my knowledge as a member here
where any Senator has insisted upon a right to
claim the floor over from a previous day with-
out allowing the Senate to determine what
business it would go on with. The Senator had
a right to do it. I have no controversy with
him. If the Senate had not thought proper to
go on with the bill to which I have called atten-
tion I should have had no objection to going on
with that upon which, he has spoken, but I
thought it proper and my duty, having charge
of that bill, to ask the Senate to continue it.
The Senator thought proper, having a right to
the floor, to deny the opportunity to me and to
the Senate to pass upon it. It was his right;
I do not complain of him. I now move that
we proceed with the bill which we had under
consideration at the expiration of the morning
hour.
Mr. COWAN. I hope not, Mr. President.
At the opening of the session this morning I
had no objection wlyitever to proceeding with
the bill of the honorable Senator from Illinois,
but he having urged that and having failed, the
Senate having taken up the bill now before
them, I desire to express my opinions upon it,
and I should very much prefer to go on this
afternoon. I hope, therefore, that the Senate
will continue the consideration of the bill they
now have in hand. I am not aware that there
is any other business before the Senate which
requires immediate action. If I am properly
informed, and I presume I am, that business
which it is intended shall supersede this bill
can as well be attended to to-morrow as to-day.
I hope, therefore, that the Senate will proceed
with the consideration of the Nebraska bill
to-day.
Mr. WADE. I barely wish to say, having
charge of the Nebraska bill, that the reason
why I have not insisted with more pertinacity
upon continuing the debate on it to-day is that
I understand the Senators from New Jersey
propose at two o'clock to announce the death
of our late associate, Senator Wright. That
announcement will of course adjourn the Sen-
ate pretty earl)', and 1 did not suppose we
could make much progress with the bill to-day;
hence I did not feel like pressing it as I other-
wise would. I believe that when gentlemen
wish to make announcements of that kind it is
not usual to insist on pressing other business,
and hence I yielded.
Mr. COWAN. Why not let them take
Thursday?
Mr. WADE. They propose to do it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. COWAN. If the consideration of this
bill is to be postponed I would ask that it be
postponed until after the holidays, after the
adjournment which I understand has been voted
by both Houses. If we are to discuss this bill
and determine it now, we I think had better
tallf upon it while we are at it, and allow the
honorable Senator from New Jersey to take up
the funeral obsequies of Senator Weight on
Thursday. If it is to go over at all, let it go
over until after the holidays. I have no objec-
tion to that; but if it is to be discussed and
determined now, I would be glad that the dis-
cussion should be continued until we arrive at
& vote, if that vote can be attained to-morrow,
and I think it can. I do not see any objection
to this course. I cannot see any objection on
the part of anybody. The honorable Senator
from Ohio who has this bill in charge is exceed-
ingly anxious that it should be disposed of, as
I understand him.
Mr. WADE. Iam.
Mr. COWAN. The honorable Senators from
New Jersey of course wish to do the honors to
their departed colleague. That is all meritori-
ous and proper. I feel that as sMbngly as
anybody, but that is one of those things which,
is to be considered ab extra. It is not in the
natural business of the Senate and may as well
be postponed until Thursday as to be inaug-
urated to-jday. I suppose that these eulogies
will not spoil by putting them over two or three
dayslonger. I should think not. Those things
are usually prepared, cut and dried, written,
elaborated; and I should very much prefer
anything that I have to say upon the admission
of Nebraska should be said to-day. I there-
fore hope the motion to postpone will not pre-
vail.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, if it had
not been stated to the Senate by the honora-
ble member from Ohio [ Mr. Wade ] that it
was the purpose of the successor of the late
Mr. Wright to announce his death to-day, I
should have interposed no objection to "*he
postponing of that purpose to some future day,
but when that announcement has been made it
appears to me to be but respectful to the mem-
ory of thfc deceased and respectful to his col-
leagues,_ that the announcement should be made
as they intended when they came into the Cham-
ber. It can cost us but little time, and that
little may be considered as well spent when it
is devoted to doing some honor to the memory
of a man with whom we associated so long and
whom we regarded personally so well. I hope,
therefore, that the honorable members from
New Jersey will not delay the design which
they had, as I understand, when they came into
the Chamber, bul will make the announcement
at the very hour they intended to make it when
they came into the Chamber.
Mr. WADE. I wish to give notice that to-
morrow early I shall move to rescind that joint
resolution of adjournment, and I shall assign
my reasons for it. It is exceedingly doubtful,
as we have sent an important bill to the Presi-
dent, whether if he should return it during that
adjournment, as he would have the right to do,
it would not fail if we stood adjourned. I
shall call up the matter in the morning and
insist upon rescinding the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. As the Senator from Ohio
has raised a question with regard to what the
President might do during this recess, I mere-
ly wish to remark that there is another way in
which that difficulty may be obviated. Let the
Secretary of the Senate retain the bill until
after the recess, or until such time in the
recess that the eleven days allowed to the
President will expire"&fter the return of Con-
gress. Then there can be no evil consequence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We do not want to dis-
cuss that now.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is the difficulty
mentioned by the member from Ohio, certain;
ly. If the bill which he has in charge is passed
to-morrow or the next day the President will
have ten days to consider it, and if the ten days
expire during the recess perhaps the measure
will fail. I do not know that the President
will take the ten days; I have no knowledge
on the subject. The only certain way of guard-
ing against it would be to postpone the consid-
eration of the measure until after the recess.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois
to postpone the present and all prior orders
