1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
911
believe, that this branch of manufactures ought
not to be encouraged; nobody suggests that it
does not stand upon a footing quite as merito-
rious, perhaps, as others of a kindred charac-
ter. Now, what is the reason this should be
discriminated against, should not have that
proportion of protection that others have?
The honorable Senator from Ohio has sug-
gested the only difficult}' in the way of it, and
that is that it was arranged by the wool-growers
and the manufacturers generally that a certain
rate of duty should be laid on the other fabrics;
rand it would disturb that arrangement. The
first answer to that which occurs to me is the
fact which has been disclosed here, that it is
not pretended that that arrangement is carried
out in this bill. The House did not agree to
that arrangement, departed from it, and of
course we are not bound. But i do not sup-
pose the honorable Senator from Ohio intends
to press that here as an argument to oppose
the sense of the Senate in its purpose to do
justice to this interest; but, I repeat, (and I
submit it to challenge the attention of the Sen-
ate,) that it is conceded by the Committee on
Finance that this particular interest has not
that fair proportion of protection which is
accorded to other interests. I understand that
the proportion of protection is not equal to the
proportion which is applied to the other pro-
tected manufactures.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said nothing about
that, whether it was equal or not. 1 said that
supposing it to be an arrangement made by
two parties, while it was carried out with re-
gard to one, it was not quite carried out with
regard to the other.
Mr. MORRILL. I thought the inference was
quite irresistible that I should bo borne out in
the statement I have made on that considera-
tion. I will read from a statement which I
suppose is based on the tables hero ; it pro-
fesses to be from the tables, and on them the
writer conies to this conclusion:
"'It will be seen from these tables that the cheaper
qualities of cloth are to have a much higher propor-
tion of duty laid upon them than the lusher-priced
cloths."
That I understand the committee to agree to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no distinction
made in their arrangement between one and
another.
Mr. MORRILL. The writer goes on :
"Thus woolen coating, tile co^t of which is $1 08
a yard, live to be ruined twenty-foui percent., while
costly fabric, the sold price of which is 40, are
raised only cloven per cent."
The testimony is, I believe—T have not
heard it eontioverted here—that this class of
manufacturers cannot carry on their business
with this discrimination. There is, I believe,
but one manufacturer in my own State who
makes these high grades of woolen cloths.
That is pretty extensive, and is perhaps equal
to any in the country. I have a communica-
tion from the agent of that establishment. I
ought to say that lie has not been here and I
have not seen here any man from my State
representing any interest while this tariff bill
has been under consideration or before. This
gentleman writes me that so far as his mill is
concerned he cannot run it under this tariff
bill as it stands. Putting these two facts
together, 1 submit whether the Senate will not
see that the justice, fitness, and propriety of
the tiling is to adopt the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, and put the high
grades of manufactured woolens on an equal
footing with the lower.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to call at-
tention to one point. The amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts is entirely decep-
tive, I think, though he does not intend it to
be so. The amendment proposes to levy on
cloths valued at one dollar or less per pound
forty-five cents per pound, and, in addition
thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem, and
the Senator says this is precisely what the com-
mittee reported. So it is ; but I ask him how
much cloth of any kind is there manufactured
that^js worth only one dollar a pound? There
is not any. I have here the tables prepared
by the manufacturers showing that all the cloths
they make are worth more than a dollar a
ponnd. Our knowledge of the cost of wool and
the number of pounds of it necessary to make
a pound of cloth would .tell us that. The ta-
ble before me of the foreign cost as furnished
by the manufacturers shows that one yard of
the average weight and quality of cassimeres, a
coarse product weighing nine and thirty-three
hundredths ounces, costs ninety-three and sev-
enty hundredths cents abroad. As a 'matter
of course, if nine and thirty-three hundredths
ounces of that cassimere cost ninety-three and
seventy hundredths cents a pound of sixteen
ounces would cost about a dollar and a halt'.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How is it on woolen
shawls and flannels?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know; but I
have no doubt that nine tenths of all the goods
included in this clause would be worth more
than a dollar a pound. The tables furnished
by the manufacturers show it, not only as to
cassimeres and broadcloths and doeskins, but
pretty much all the articles named in this clause,
i do not see blankets in the table, but my ex-
perience is that they are worth more than a
dollar a pound. Then all the goods will fall
in the latter two clauses of the amendment,
where the duty is increased five cents a pound
and from five to ten per cent, ad valorem. It
is a very marked and radical change. If the
first clause included the great body of the
goods and the latter clauses applied only to a
comparatively small amount, like the finer
broadcloths, there might be. some reason in
the argument of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. FESSENDKN. I am very much in-
clined to suspect that, the honorable Senator
from Ohio has taken a table which is merely
applicable to broadcloths and cassimeres 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can exam-
ine it for himself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are certainly
some articles named in this clause that would
come under a dollar a pound, flannels for in-
stance. The object of the amendment is to
put the higher duty on the liner articles.
Mr. SHERMAN. The table applies to broad-
cloths, cloaks, cassimeres, ladies' cloths, doe-
skins, and tricots. At any rate it covers all
the items here down to "doeskins," and I
doubt if there is a single article in the clause
which is notworth more than a dollarapound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are a consider-
able number of other articles in the clause be-
sides those in the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; there are others
that may come under the first clause of the
amendment, but not many.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I was requested bythc Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Bnowx,] who is con-
fined to Lis bed by sickness, to say that if
present he would vote against this, as against
all, impositions of higher duties and against
the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, navs 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cragin, Edmunds, Fcs-
senden.Fog?, Foster, Fowler, Frelinghuyson, Harris,
Howard, Jlowe, Morgan, Morrill, Pobmd, Sprague,
steward, Sumner, Wnde, and Wilson—19.
NAYfi—-Messrs. Buekalew, Cattcll, Conness, Davis,
Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks Lime, Patterson,
Ramsey, Sherman, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey,
and Yates—15.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cowan, Crcs-
well, Dixon, Doolittle, Guthrie. Johnson, Kirkwood,
McDousaU. Ncsmith, Norton, Nye, Porneroy, Riddle,
Ross, Saulsbury, and Williams—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to _ move an
amendment, not because the provision is not
satisfactory to me as it stands, but as the Senate
will see if they listen to my explanation be-
cause I have some doubt whether I was entitled'
to move the amendment which I now propose
to strike out as an amendment of the commit-
tee. I supposed myself to be so authorised,
but on consulting the committee one of the
members, with whom I have spoken tells me
that I was authorized to move it, and another
that he did not understand that it was to be
moved on the part of the committee. There
being that misunderstanding, and a member
of the committee, the Senator from Ohio, being
opposed to the proposition which was adopted,
I have thought it better to move to strike it
out, in order that the matter maybe presented
to the Senate.
Section twenty-two has reference to a draw-
back upon iron,copper, cordage, &c., "which
shall be wrought into the construction of sail-
ing vessels of the United States." That is the
way it originally stood. While going through
with the committee's amendments, I moved to
insert the words "or steam " after " sailing."
Wo talked the matter over in committee, and'
the Senator from New York understood me as
having the assent of the committee to offer
that amendment; but my friend from Ohio did'
not, and therefore, as I choose to have no
question upon that point, I move now to strike
out the words " or steam."
Mr. CONNESS. Why not strike out the
word "sailing?"
ilr. FESSENDEN. Because that was the
way it was originally drawn as authorized by
the committee. I moved in the Senate to in-
sert the words "or steam" and no objection
was made, it being understood to be an amend-
ment of the committee ; now there being some
question about that fact, in order to set myself
right I move to strike out the words "or
steam." They were not in the section as it
was originally drawn and agreed to by the
committee, which was not intended to cover
steam vessels but only sailing vessels. The
reasons applicable to the two classes are not
precisely the same; they are stronger perhaps
in the one ease than the other.
The general movement grows out of the fact
of the depressed condition of our navigation,
the building of vessels of all kinds, owing to
the heavy burdens imposed in a very great
measure by the condition of our trade, and
owing more particularly perhaps to the burdens
imposed by the internal revenue laws, with
which under this bill we cannot meddle, but
those taxes are very onerous.
Our sailing vessels come directly in compe-
tition with the vessels oJNcw Brunswick, and
so much in competition that it is impossible
for men to build sailing vessels along our At-,
lantic coast which enter at all upon the foreign
trade with that competition. I presume the
expense is just about double, and consequently
all our ship-yards are pretty much deserted,
and not only our ship-yards for the construc-
tion of sailing vessels, but of steam vessels
also.
This is a very great injury to us in many par-
ticulars, and more especially in the fact that
if this condition of things continues the skilled
workmen who have given to our ships and ship-
building such a high reputation will be scat-
tered and engaged in other pursuits, and we
shall lose more than we do now. In the hope
and belief that something might bo done by
this drawback, especially upon sailing vessels,
the committee were unanimous in the conclu-
sion that it ought to be given. 1 consulted the
Treasury Department, and found that there
would be no difficulty in its execution. Inas-
much as the words " or steam" were inserted
under a misapprehension on my own part I
move to strike them out in order that the sec-
tion may be restored to what it was before.
Mr. CONNESS. There may be reasons for
striking out these words, but I confess I am
not acquainted with any good reasons for doing
it; if they do exist, and if the amendment be
carried, 1 shall vote against the whole propo-
sition allowing a drawback on the materials
used in tho construction of ships. At this day,
