148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
and proceed to the consideration of the bill
which was under consideration by the Senate
at the expiration of the morning hoar.
Tie motion was agreed to.
power op amnesty and pardon.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Is tie bill to repeal the
thirteenth section of the confiscation act now
before the Senate ?
i offer
the amendment which I attempted before to get
in. I have handed it to the Secretary.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill and insert:
That the act entitled "An act to suppress insurrec-
tion, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and
eonfiscatolhe property of rebels, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 17,1862, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
I do not propose, Mr. President, to enter
into any discussion of the merits of the amend-
ment which I have offered, bat shall content
myself for the present with asking that the vote
upon it, when taken, shall be token by yeas
and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. When the
discussion of this bill was interrupted at the
expiration of the morning hour, the Senator
from Maryland was oh the floor, and the con-
sideration of the bill being now resumed he is
again entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. ' I rise, sir, not for the pur-
?ose of discussing the bill now, but to say that
yield the floor to the Senator from New
Jersey.
^ death of senator wright.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I rise to announce the death of Senator Wright,
of New Jersey, and to move appropriate action
relative thereto by the Senate.
It is, sir, to me a melancholy reflection that
the seat to which I am appointed was made
vacant by death, and that now the duty de-
volves on me of announcing the sad event.
Nature certifies to us of God! Through the
familiar events of the daily life of its divine
Author the sublime truths of Christianity are
conveyed. But it is by the providences of our
lives, and especially when the bolt of mortality
falls upon an associate, that our attention to
the great truths of our beingis attracted. We
need, then, no apologyforpausingthatwe may
recognize the event and each for himself
apply the lesson of death, for death ia the
most august of visitants to his victim and the
greatest of moralists to the living. Since the
recent session and on the 1st of November
last, Senator Wkight, of New Jersey, died at
his residence in Newark. For months, with
much suffering, he faced the stern messenger,
made minute preparation for his departure,
and then in a strength not his own he calmly
entered immortality.
That is the event I have risen to announce.
It is an event that has occurred to millions-
on millions, to the child, to the mother
"when she felt for the first time her first-born's
breath," to the warrior and the patriot col-
umn on the field of carnage; and yet since
that immortality, indicated by the conjectures
of the ancients and almost proven by the toil-
some aspirations of man in all ages for a fame
that survives the grave, has been clearly re-
vealed, no one can consider the event other
than momentous and suggestive. It is proper
that I state the fact, and it is becoming that I
leave its lessons to those who hear me.
The originalaneestorfrom whom Mr. Wright
was the sixth in descent settled in Virginia. Dr.
William Wright resided in Rockland county,
New York, where in 1790 his son, the subject
of these remarks, was born.
The father died while the son was a boy
Ereparing for college. Thus diverted from
is studies, he gave his attention for several
years to mercantile occupations, and in 1823,
ill the morning of his manhood, he moved to
ifawsrk and engaged extensively in manufac-
•ayisg^Brsuiu.
His district, the State of New Jersey, now
more extensively engaged in manufacturing
than any in the Union, as its revenue returns
show, in 1842 made Mr. Wright its Represent-
ative in Congress. He was reelected m 1844.
In 1853 he was elected Senator and served his
full term. He was reelected to the Senate in
1863, and having served about half his term
the inexorable mandate terminated his career.
His training and habit had been such that
when his constituents repeatedly reelected him
they did not anticipate that he would take a
prominent part in debate on the questions be-
fore the country. But there are those here who
could bear witness thathe, with sound judgment,
intelligence, and fidelity, discharged the very
many other duties of Senator and Represent-
ative. And I can bear witness that he was
true to that class of political sentiments which
he avowed; and in a Government which is rep-
resentative and where the will of the people is
sovereign, it is a commendation that one is true
to th'e sentiment of the"party that elected him.
When prostrated by disease, when death held
him by the hand, when the fires of ambition
had burned out, he was carried to the Capitol
that he might give his views in accordance with
the views of those who elected him. And he
manifested his devotion to the country by con-
senting that bis only son should join its defend-
ers when a few dollars from his ample fortune
could have procured a substitute.
His urbanity and gentlemanly bearing and
sentiment were marked features of the 'man,
and known to all who ever had intercourse with
lxim. For many years I lived his immediate
neighbor and, although differing with him polit-
ically, such was his tolerant and generous esti-
mate of the opinions of others that not one
word ever disturbed theflow of kindandfriendly
feeling between us. Socially he was hospitable
and took true enjoyment in the offices and deli-
cacies of friendship. His church commends
his charity, while others know it was not con-
fined to any sect or class. As a man of busi-
ness he was diligent, intelligent, and enterpris-
ing and obstructions and difficulties gave way
to his energy.
He started life with that poverty that early
orphanage entailed and was the architect of his
own fortune. He did much to promote the in-
ternal improvement of the State and to advance
the manufacturing interests of the country. His
marked successin life illustrates thegeuius of
our free institutions.
But, sir, Mr. Wright, notwithstanding his
energy and enterprise, his wealth and civic
honors, is gone. The physical mechanism by
and with which he lived here has fallen into
decay, but the immaterial, as independent of
that mechanism as are the motive powers of the
earth of the machinery they move, still lives,
but not here. And so the representatives of
this people who are molding and shaping the
destinies of a nation destined to be greater than
ever known to history must, when the irrevers-
ible sentence goes forth, leave their tenements,
taking with them as they go the record here
made and leaving to the world the momentous
results of their labor.
Sir, New Jersey within the last few years
has suffered much from the havoc of death. I
speak not, of course, of the noble youths
whose patriot graves, in common with those
from other States, furrow the land. I refer
not to Taylor and Bayard and the intrepid
Kearney, who shot through the war like a
blazing star through a midnight sky, or to a
host of others whose persons rise before me
and whose names tremble on my lips, but of
men known and valued in the civic walks of
the nation.
Speaker Pennington is gone. Long valued
at home, he appeared in the national councils
at a critical period. The nation was about
passing the fearful ordeal. Then Speaker
Pennington, more by his cordial integrity than
by the rigid- enforcement of rules, controlled
and calmed the fierce and turbulent spirits of
the Representatives of the people. Heis g^ne.
Minister Dayton, worn out by anxiety for
his country at a foreign court, has fallen like
a sentry at his post.
Robert F. St&ikton, who in former years
illustrated the prowess of the Navy, once a
Senator here, a descendant from one who signed
the immortal paper which declares that "all
men are created equal," has recently been
gathered to his fathers.
Bat I forbear; men die but the nation lives.
It has been east into a furnace seven times
heated, out of which it has come, as has been
eloquently written, like the young Jews of
Babylon, with nothing destroyed except the
chains that fettered it. May we not carry the
figure further and say that our deliverance was
because walking with the nation in the furnace
was one having the form of the Son of God.
Heaven grant that his simile may here termi-
nate, and that they who cast the nation in may
not, in their rashness, be consumed by the
very fire they enkindled.
I move the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate has heard with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of Hon.
William Weight, while a Senator ia Congress from
the State of New Jersey.
Resolved, That as a testimonial of respect for the
memory of the deceased, the members of the Senate
will wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty
days.
Resolved, That these proceedings be communicated
to the family of the deceased by the Secretary of the
Senate.
Resolved, That as a further mark of respect to the
memory of the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CATTELL. Mr. President, I am pain-
fully oppressed with the reflection that the
first words which it becomes my duty to utter
in this Chamber must be words of sadness, such
as are befitting the announcement just made
by my colleague, that death has again invaded
the senatorial circle.
Yon have listened to the official announce-
ment that Senator William Wright, of New
Jersey, is no more. He closed a long, active,
and honorable life on the 1st day of November
last, at his own home, in the city of Newark,
where he had lived for nearly half a century
surrounded by his family and friends, minis-
tered to in his last hours by those he loved
best on earth, and sustained in his passage
through "the dark valley" by the consolations
of the Christian's faith.
Of his life and character my colleague, who
knew him more intimately than I did, has
spoken so fully and in such fitting'terms that
there is little left for me but to express my full
accord in all the kindly words which he has
said.
It has already been said that Mr. Weight
was a business man, a merchant and manufac-
turer, and I beg to add that he was a worthy
type of that large class whose enterprise and
energy have done so much to develop the re-
sources and promote the prosperity of our great
country. He was a self-made man, the archi-
tect of his own fortune, and throughout a long
business life, in which he%eeumulated his large
fortune, he exhibited the leading traits of a true
merchant, intelligence and integrity, combined
with industry ana energy.
He was also a man of political distinction.
New Jersey, the State of his adoption,.honored
him with the highest positions within her gift,
having twice elected him to a seat in this body,
and I can bear testimony to his fidelity to the
principles and measures of the political party
which invested him with official power. 1 had
not the honor to serve with him m the Senate,
but I am sure he brought to the discharge of
his duties here a sound and discriminating
mind, with a store of valuable information in
regard to the trade and commerce and manu-
factures of the nation which could not be other-
wise than useful and important to the Senate
and the .nation iu the position he for some
years occupied of chairman of the Senate Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
I am aware that during his long senatorial
eareer he never ventured to enter the arena
Of debate in this Chamber. I atn not sur-
prised at this. Mr. Wright was naturally a
modest man, a virtue not bo common iii these
