912
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
■when by the progress of knowledge applied to
the artSj the art of ship-building in particular,
the sailing marine of the world is bcjng re-
placed by steam, it hardly becomes us to make
a direct discrimination against steam, which the
■world m its great struggle presents as one of
the greatest triumphs of its skill. The- steam
marine of our country is to a greater extent now
driven from foreign commerce than our sail-
ing marine, _ and by reason especially- of the
cheapness with which steamships may bg-built
on the Clyde, In Great Britain. It is an ascer-
tained fact that steamships maybe constructed
there for from fifty to one hundred per cent,
less than they can in America.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not become
national ships of ours.
Mr. CONNESS. I am aware of that. This
being the fact, it explains the greatest cause
why we are not found controlling the com-
merce of the Atlantic ocean. English bottoms,
cheaply made, well constructed, too, may en-
gage in a profitable trade with our people,
while American ships may not, because in their
construction they cost nearly twice as much as
the English.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want the Senator to
understand me 
Mr. CONNESS. I do understand the Senator
perfectly ; but I do not understand why, even
as a matter of courtesy, or from what he may
deem due to the understanding of any of the
members of the committee of which he is the
distinguished chairman, he should make a mo-
tion of this kind, even though he may vote
against it himself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I stated why I made
the motion, and I want the Senator to under-
stand me. I did not know but that it might
be thought that from my position as chairman
of the committee I had taken advantage of
the committee and moved an amendment they
did not agree to or authorize me £o move. I
therefore chose to move to strike out those
words which had been inserted, so as to bring
the matter before the Senate and let the Sen-
cIgcicI© it.
Mr. CONNESS. All I have to say to that
is, that it is scarcely possible any Senator could
attribute sncli a motive to the honorable chair-
man of the Finance Committee. But, sir, I
do not wish to pursue this subject if there is
no disposition to press the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it due to myself
to say that the amendment made to this section
was not agreed to by the Committee on Finance.
That is admitted on all hands. The Senator
from Maine proposed it himself, and I did ob-
ject to the Senator proposing an amendment
as coming from the committee to which the
committee did not assent. The Senator from
Maine undoubtedly had a right to propose that
amendment himself or any other amendment.
The only question was, whether it came from
the committee. It was adopted by the Senate
on the supposition that it was moved on the
part of the committee. The Senator from
Maine is in favor of it, and he is at perfect lib-
erty to offer it at any time as his individual
amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. So far as I am concerned,
I wi\l, let the discussion of the amendment pass
by unless it shall be shown by a vote that the
Senate is disposed to adopt it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The section ought to
stand as reported by the committee, and then
as a matter of course the Senator from Califor-
nia, or the Senator from Maine, or any other
Senator, can move to amend it.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the real question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine to
strike out the words " or steam" in the twenty-
second section.
Mr. CONNESS. The purpose and effect of
the amendment is to strike out the words "or
steam," so that if the amendment be adopted
the drawback provided for in that section will
not be allowed upon any materials that enter
into the construction of steamships.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator wishes to,
go into the merits of the proposition I think I
can show him that those words ought to be
stricken out, but I take it we ought first to re-
store the bill to the form the committee desired
it to be in, and then any Senator can move to
insert the words "or steam." If, however, it
is desired now to discuss the merits of the ques-
tion, I am prepared to do so.
Mr. CONNESS. I prefer that it should be
done at this time, because it will govern my
vote on other provisions.
Mr. SHERMAN. This section twenty-two
proposes to give a drawback on all materials
that enter into the construction of all the steam
and sailing vessels ofthe United States, internal
and external. -The absurdity of such a propo-
sition when applied to steam vessels I will
try to demonstrate. Steam vessels are made
at Cleveland, Detroit, and other lake ports.
They are steam-registered vessels ofthe United
States. If this section stands as it is, every
steamboat engaged in lake commerce, which is
far greater than our ocean commerce, will be
made of iron imported from Liverpool; every
single particle of lumber that enters into a
steam vessel made at Detroit or Cleveland
will be Canadian lumber ; every piece of rig-
ging that enters into a steam vessel made at
these points will be made of Russian hemp,
although iron is rolled at Cleveland and De-
troit, although lumber is got out in Michigan,
although the copper that bottoms the vessel
may be got in the Lake Superior region, and
although every element that enters into the
construction of a steamboat is an article of
American manufacture.
The result of this proposition would be that
no steamboat builder would buy any portion
of his materials of American manufacture. A
proposition so utterly destructive to the reve-
nue as well as to American industry could not
be made. We should lose revenue because all
these articles will be of foreign manufacture,
for if made of American manufactures there
would be no drawback. If American lumber
was used for the keel and American iron was
used for the engine and American hemp was
used for the rope, as a matter of course there
would be no drawback paid to the builder of
the vessel; but if foreign fabrics are used the
drawback would be paid. The result would be
that every component part of every steamboat
in the United States would be made of foreign
products.
When this section twenty-two was confined
to the sailing vessels of the United States, what
is called the registered tonnage of the United
States, applied simply to protect a local inter-
est that is said to be under a state of depres-
sion, I assented to it. It is said there are no
vessels building in Maine. 1 never make my
vote depend upon the place or State or locality
where an interest is to be protected. .When it
was said that this interest was entirely destroyed
by the operation of our laws, that these sailing
vessels had been brought into competition with
sailing vessels made in Canada, and it was im-
possible under existing laws for our American
shipbuilders in Maine to build ships to sail in
competition with those built in Canada, I could
see the force of that argument, and I might be
willing to make an exception for their benefit
in order to enable them to build American
ships in Maine instead of in Canada. But when
you apply that principle to steamboats made in
the interior of the country it is a very different
matter, and it would be an exceedingly danger-
ous thing. The loss of revenue would amount
to millions upon millions. Large numbers of
propellers are now being built in the West.
The whole carrying trade from Chicago to the
eastern market of all the produce of the west-
ern country is now carried on in vessels that
would be exempt from duty under the opera-
tion of this section.
That is the reason I oppose it. The words
"or steam" were inserted on the motion of
the Senator from Maine because he did not
draw the distinction. The committee, as I
understand, had not acted upon that, but had
confined their action simply to sailing vessels,
and it was intended to give a relief, wrong in
principle, but justifiable probably by the pecu-
liar circumstances under which we are sur-
rounded,-"to sailing vessels all along the coast.
Mr. CONNESS. There is very great force
in the presentation of the question made by
the honorable Senator from Ohio, but it ap-
pears to me that it only illustrates the effect
of allowing any drawback at all on the con-
struction of any ships._ But it will seem very
strange to the country indeed, and cannot help ,
striking any mind as strange, that a discrimina-
tion at this time should be made as against
steam when a change is being made so gen-
erally from vessels propelled by-sails to vessels
propelled by steam.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cowan, Davis, Edmunds,
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Hendricks, Howard, Howe.
Johnson,Lane,Nesmith,Patterson,Sherman,Sprague,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, and
Yates—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Conness, Cragin, J?es-
senden, Fogg, Harris, Morgan, Morrill, Poland, Ram-
sey, Stewart, Sumner, and Wilson—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cattell, Cres-
well, Dixon, Doolittle, Foster, Fowler, Guthrie,Hen-
derson, Kirkwood, McDou?all, Norton, Nye, Pome-
roy, Riddle, Ross, and Saulsbury—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to move one or two
amendments; at least to have the judgment of
the Senate upon them. I move on page 4,
section one, line seventy, to strike out "six"
and insert "seven." The clause now reads:
On ground cocoa or cocoa, on prepared cocoa and
chocolate, six cents per pound.
I propose to make it seven cents; and on
that I have a very simple statement to make.
By the tariff of July 14, 1862, and March 3,
1863, chocolate was seven cents a pound. By
the tariff of June 30, 18C4, and March 3,1865,
it was also seven cents a pound. It is now
proposed by this bill to reduce it to six cents
a pound. There is no reason assigned for that
reduction; and on looking at the report of the
commissioner I find nothing to sustain this
change. Therefore, in the absence of any rea-
son in favor of the change I object to it. But
I am informed by those who are interested in
the subject, who have the most knowledge of
it of anybody that I know, that this change
will be prejudicial to the American chocolate,
and that it will in all probability also fail in any
effect on the revenue. You will gain nothing
in the way of revenue from it and you will
interfere, with an existing American interest.
Now, in the absence of any reason for this
change, I submit that you should hesitate to
make it. -In making the change, putting the
duty down, you depart from the prevailing
principle of the bill, and as I submit without
any adequate reason. I hope, therefore, that
my motion will prevail.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All the articles in that
list pretty much are matters that do not come
into competition with anything we do in this
country until we get down to this very article.
The original production is not touched; it is -
in the list-of spices. Now, with regard to the
article itself, it comes in at a duty of three
cents per pound before it is prepared, and if
an addition of three cents more is not enough
to prepare a pound of chocolate, cocoa as it is
called, I should think it is a mere question of
how much you will charge the people who
consume it. As to the protection, it is ample.
There is no trouble about that at all. The
committee thought and the commissioner
thought, on an examination of the subject,
that six cents a pound was ample for that pur-
pose, and is all the tax that ought to be im-
posed on those who choose to drink so refresh-
ing and at the same time so cheap and useful
an article. This is a mere matter of opinion,
a matter in which I take no sort of interest,
but at the -same time I think six cents is ample
protection. , x
