i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
latter days as to be altogether despised. He
made no claim to facility in the forma of speech.
Merchants and men of business are seldom
men of many words. They are usually men
of action, of deeds. They write their thoughts
in the enduring monuments of great enter-
prises which mark a nation's progress in her
onward march to a higher civilisation.
The active, earnest, stirring life of a busi-
ness man, with its engrossing cares and mani-
fold anxieties, especially in this country where
the brain is always run to its maximum capa-
city, affords no time to cultivate the flowers of
rhetoric or the graces of elocution. If you
• would have facility in the forms of speech,
readiness and efficiency in debate,' with the
power of eloquence and the graces of oratory,
"The applause of list'ning senates to command,"
you must look for these high attainments in
the learned professions to which the scholars
and men of culture of our land- so naturally
gravitate. But if you would originate " enter-
prises of great pith and moment," if you would
open up intercourse with far distant lands,
with Ethiopia and the islands of the sea, and
widen the boundaries of your Christian civil-
ization, you must then look to the men of action,
the men who control your trade and com-
merce and send their white-winged messengers
into every sea under the heavens, carrying the
Bible and the missionary to the uttermost parts
of the earth.
Nay, more, if you would put a girdle about
the earth, along which to send the flashing
lightning as the courier of your thoughts and
wishes through "the dark unfathomed caves
of ocean'' from continent to continent in the
twinkling of an eye, you tnust .call from the
counting-room the indomitable will, the sleep-
less energy, and the sublime faith of an Amer-
ican merchant to perform the service.
If, then, the fact be admitted that my late
colleague hesitated to engage in the discussions
of this august body, let it be remembered that
his busy life afforded neither time nor opportu-
nity for training in this direction. He studied
men rather than books; and I am sure, ac-
knowledging the value even in this Chamber of
such knowledge as he possessed, you will ap-
preciate the modesty and approve rather than
condemn the motives which impelled him in
such a presence as this to remain silent.
That Mr. Weight was a kind-hearted, court-
eous gentleman, scrupulously regardful of all
the proprieties of domestic, social, and public
life, the Senate and all who knew him will bear
testimony. His private character was I believe
without a stain. He enjoyed the respect and
confidence of the people with whom he lived
so long, and occupied a prominent place in
the business community in which' he moved.
He lived to a good old age, having passed the
allotted years of threescore and ten, and now
"he rests from his labors."
t And here, perhaps, having paid my tribute of
'•respect to my depffl-ted colleague, I should
pause. But the Senate will indulge me in a
single reflection. Four times during the cur-
rent year the angel of death has thrown its
shadow over this Hall. Collamer and Foot
and Lane and Weight have fallen at their post
of duty. And shall we not draw from these
lessons following each other in such rapid suc-
cession fresh admonitions that we too are mor-
tal ; that senatorial robes are as vulnerable to
the shafts of death as the tattered garments of
the lowliest poverty ? And gathering instruc-
tion and wisdom from these solemn events—
remembering that life is short and duty press-
ing,
" And our hearts though stout and brave
Still like muffled drums are beating
Funeral marches to the grave,"
shall we not drav^ therefrom fresh motives
for renewed activity and zeal in the perform-
ance of the grave duties that lie before us,
and in view not only of the brevity of human
life, but also of the uncertain tenure by which
it is held, be led to adopt the invocation of the
Psalmist, "So teach us to number our days
that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom?"
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, my acquaint-
ance with our deceased colleague began several
years before I became with him a member of
the Senate. Having then allotted to us adjoin-
ing seats, that acquaintance soon ripened into
intimacy, which continued unabated to the last
day of his attendance in the Chamber. I was
thus_ afforded an opportunity to form an opinion
of him as a man and a public servant, and to
esteem him highly in both characters. In the
first he possessed every quality to inspire confi-
dence and win respect. Beginning life with no
resources except such as industry, enterprise,
and integrity afford—resources that in our coun-
try, if not in every other, never fail when prop-
erly used to achieve success—he soon secured
the esteem of the community in which he cast his
lot, and almost at once earned for himself and
family® competency, an,d years before his death
a fortune. This, and a spotless character, an
inheritance far more valuable than wealth, he
has left behind him, the only solace there can
be to theaffliction which death under any circum-
stance ever brings to a surviving wife and chil-
dren. Nothing can fully supply to them the
happiness of their domestic circle caused by
the kindness of heart, liberality, and domestic
habits of the husband and father. These they
can never more enjoy but in memory. In mem-
ory, howevejj. they will live, and be a constant
source of comfort and happiness. And they
will have also this other ana higher consolation,
that in the world to which he has been trans-
lated, and where he is to account for his con-
duct in this, he is to be judged according to the
" integrity" that was in him, and that by such
a judgment he can never suffer. Nor was Mr.
Wright's excellence in private life limited to
his household. As a friend he was sincere
and constant, and in supplying the wants of
the suffering was, as I am informed, ever most
liberal.
Of his public character I know enough to
say that it was worthy of praise. His political
opinions were of the school of Jefferson and
Madison and of the statesmen who came into
power in the beginning of the century, the
Republicans of that day. He believed, as his
teachers did, that a strict as distinguished
from what was termed a liberal construction
of the Constitution of the United States, and a
liberal as distinguished from a strict construc-
tion of the rights reserved to the States and
the people by that Constitution, was not only
conducive to the harmonious operation of both
Governments, but absolutely necessary to their
continuing existence. With those great men
who participated in the framing of the Consti-
tution and in procuring for it the sanction of
the people of each State, Mr. Weight was
convinced that the preservation inviolate of
the rights which the States and the people not
only*did not delegate, but for greater security
by an amendment expressly and in the strong-
est terms reserved, was vital to the success of
the Government. To govern a territory then
more extensive than that of almost any other
one nation, and certain to be in a compara-
tively brief future greatly enlarged, he thought,
as thej' thought, could only be done consistently
with political liberty through the combined op-
eration of the General and State Governments,
the one dealing with subjects "that the others
were incompetent to manage, and they with
those that the first was equally incompetent
to manage.
This is not a fit occasion to discuss the cor-
rectness of this opinion. Mr. Wright, how-
ever—and this it is admissible to state—was sin-
cere in holding it and in believing that it was
vindicated by the fact which he thought to be
well authenticated, that with the doctrine the
country for more than half a ceutury had en-
joyed almost unbroken peace and prosperity
and undisturbed harmony within its limits.
He also thought that the prevailing political
doctrines of the day served to disturb such
peace, arrest such prosperity, and interrupt
such harmony, and that the principal cause
was to be referred to what he believed to be
true, the absorption of the most,important of
the rights and powers of the States in those
assumed by the General Government.
In the last conversation I had with him ha
expressed this sentiment in a few w<>rds and
with evident sincerity, for he knew that death
was near at hand. He said in substance that
from this cause he feared our country was in
imminent peril. I trust that he ceased to hav $
this apprehension before the final hour of his
departure from the world. I trust so, for I
can imagine that even the pang of leaving k>ved
ones behind, acute as this, most always he,
must be made the more acute by the fear that
countrymen are ever to lose the priceless bless-
ings of a Government founded on principles
of liberty, and so framed in its powers, in their
limitations, and in the checks,, calculated to
guard against their abuse, as to promise an
ever-enduring existence.
May I be excused for saying that, me re I to
die now and ia the possession of my con-
sciousness, that additional pang would not be
felt by me; the honorable and patriotic men
in whose presence -I stand I know will never,
designedly adopt measures or pursue a policy
which they believe will result in so dire a
calamity; a calamity which would deprive
them and their countrymen of the invaluable
inheritance of freedom sccured and regulated
by law. Clouds and darkness may for a time
involve us in gloom, but it cannot be that they
will not ere long be dispelled and the country
be seen again in all its original brightness,
with every one of its lights restored, trans-
fusing equal happiness throughout our wide
domain, exciting the wonder and admiration
of the world, and proving that we can preserve
the admirable institutions, Federal and State,
which our fathers successfully labored to estab-
lish, and under which we have reached a place
in the community of nations of which we have
reason to be proud and to which they now
render all proper respect.
In joining in this tribute to the memory of
our departed brother, I conclude with saying
what I said to him on the occasion referred to,
let us not despair, let us not bate "a jot of
heart and hope, but still bear up and steer right
onward," and all will yet be well. And if it
be given to departed spirits to know the things
of this world, when that is seen his happiness,
great as it may now be, will be the greater; for
his love of country was so sincere and intense
that he will ever rejoice in its continuing
safety and prosperity.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I had no inti-
mation that any commemoration of the death,
life, and character of Senator Wright would
take place to-day; nor had I until the reso-
lutions now under consideration were moved,
any reflections or thoughts connected with such
an occasion. But I am impelled by my great
respect for the deceased while living, and by
my approbation of the honor that is being paid
to his memory, andof the sentiments expressed
in the resolutions, to give them my avowed
support.
I first became acquainted with Senator
Wright about twenty-five years ago in the
House of Representatives, and served four
years with him in that branch of Congress.
When we parted in that Hall I never met with
him until he had been reelected a Senator the
second or third time from New Jersey, and
took his seal on this floor to fill a term which
had not elapsed when he died.
During our service together, both in the
House and in the Senate, it was my privilege
and pleasure to have possessed his friendship and
confidence. When in the House he was what
was denominated a Whig in. his politics, and
was a devoted personal and political friend of
the great statesman of the West; and he being
of a frank and genial, though quiet disposition,
we formed close relations of friendship ana
mutual respect.
When Mr. Wright and I met again in the
Senate, I learned from him what I had before
from the public prints, that he had accepted
the name and party position of Democrat; but
