150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
as Whig or Democrat he never was an extreme
partisan; and in his polities and all the affairs
of life' he was characterized by signal candor
and moderation. With him the partisan was
always subordinate to the patriot. • There was
no ambition or selfishness in his adherence to
his party; he was always faithful to it, but
that fidelity was won and retained by his con-
viction that its principles, measures, and policy
were the best for the whole country. He was
a merchant, intelligent, honest, diligent, and
persevering, and affluence rewarded the proper
pursuit of his noble profession. He never de-
bated in either House, but no member had a
more correct comprehension of every measure
and proposition upon which he was called
to vote. He examined them all in the broad
and distinct light of an intelligent and virtu-
ous citizen, an experienced and enlightened
merchant, and a lofty patriotism that was de-
voted to his whole country and all her interests.
It has been said that Senator Wright was
modest; he was preeminently so; but he was
equally courageous, public-spirited, charitable,
generous, and hospitable, and he covered all
those high and attractive attributes with the
veil of modesty.
Nature made Senator Wright a gentleman,
and the noble qualities of the true gentleman
with him were confirmed, polished, and illus-
trated by his whole life. In the Representa-
tive Hall, in the Senate Chamber, in the social
circle, I never knew him to be guilty of an
impropriety, and he was among the few men
I have known that I believed to be incapable
of that sort of delinquency.
Mr. Wright never attracted to himself much
of the public gaze, yet in his day and genera-
tion he was an exalted public "benefactor. He
has left, both as a private citizen and a public
man, the example of a life active, efficient,
unobtrusive, successful, useful, and adorned
by every virtue. Would that we had many,
yea, millions of Mr. Wrights of the same
moral and intellectual stature, and that the
destinies of our country were given to them;
it would not only be delivered from its present
confusion and perils, but it would be borne
along peacefully, prosperously, and gloriously
to fortunes far above all the past and which
no imagination can compass.
Mr. President, I have been more than grati-
fied, not by the strains of panegyric, but the
story of simple truth told of him by the Sena-
tors from New Jersey and Maryland, and by
the opportunity of giving my own humble tribute
to so much of departed worth.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 17,' 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order the call of committees for reports
to go upon the Calendar, and not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
No reports were presented.
The SPEAKER announced as the next busi-
ness in order the call of States, commencing
with Illinois, for the introduction of resolutions.
marine hospital at chicago.
Mr. WENT W ORTH submitted the following
resolution:
1leeolvtd. That the Secretary of the Treasury com-
municate to this House wh at progress has been made
in the erection of the newm&rino hospital at Chicago
provided for in the law authorizing the sale of the
old one, and if a site has been purchased to state of
whom, where, and the price thereof, with the esti-
mate for the cost of the building.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day. Is
there any objection?
There being no objection, the resolution was
eonsidered and agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OP CHICAGO HARBOR.
Mr. WENTWORTH submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War inform this
House what disposition was made of the money
appropriated for the improvement of the harbor at
Chicago at the last session, and if still unexpended
what arrangements have been made for its expendi-
ture, and the plans therefor.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
FRAUDS IN NEW ORLEANS CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, submitted
the following resolution, on which he demanded
the previous question:
Resolved, That the committee of this House ap-
pointed to investigate the riots in New Orleans be
directed to investigate into the alleged frauds in the
New Orleans custom-house, and the appointment of
rebels therein to the exclusion of Union men, and
into all matters connected with the administration
of the affairs of the custom-house, and report fully to
this House.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
s. l. breese, united states navy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent to introduce a joint resolution
for the restoration of Lieutenant Commander
S. L. Breese, United States Navy, to the active
list from the retired list.
There was no objection; and the joint reso-
lution was received, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had concurred in the resolution
of the House providing for the adjournment
of the House from the 20th instant to the 3d
proximo, with an amendment including the
Senate therein, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 149) to
extend aid and facilities to citizens of the United
States engaged in the survey of a route of a ship-
canal across the Isthmus of Darien, in which
he was also directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
It further announced that the Senate requested
the return of the deficiency bill for the purpose
of correcting an error in the engrossment of an
amendment thereto. *
washington special election.
Mr. INGERSOLL submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia are hereby instructed to inquire into the
expediency of providing by law for a special election
to be held in the city of Washington rer the election
of a city treasurer and auditor, with leave to report by
bill at any time.  
hiram hedrick.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL also submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
are hereby directed to inquire into the propriety of
increasing the pension of Hiram Hedrick (who is
totally blind) from four to twenty-five dollars per
month.
treasury documents.
Mr. CULLOM submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to;
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Treasury Department three hundred eopies of the
estimates of appropriations for 1867-68, and twenty-
five hundred copies of the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury on the state of the finances, and one
hundred and fifty copies of the statement of receipts
and expenditures for the year 1864-65.
FOREIGN INTERVENTION.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, submitted the
following resolution, on which he demanded
the previous question:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives of
the Congress of the United States will give unfalter-
ing support to the executive department of this
Government to vindicate the time-honored policy of
this Republic against foreign armed intervention,
which tends to the destruction of constitutional
liberty on this continent, and especially commends
the tone of the national voice inrespecttothe repub-
lic of Mexico.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
CURRENCY.
Mr. COOK submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law for the withdrawal of the currency
issued by the national banks as fast as the same may
be done without injustice to the banks, and of sup-
plying the place of such currency with legal-tender
notes issued by the Government of the United States.
The House divided on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, and there
were—ayes 47, noes 37 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Cook and Mr. Bivan-
degee.
Th e House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes 38.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. BRANDEGEE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 64, nays 68, not voting
59; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Baker, Bergen,
Blow. Boyer, Bromwell, Buekland, Bundy. Campbell,
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cooper, Cul-
lom, Farnuhar, Hale, Aaron Harding, Hart, Hawkins,
Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Hise, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Kuykend all,
Latham, Loan,Lynch,Maynard,McCIurg, Mclndoe,
McKee, Moultou, Nicholson, Noell, Orth, Paine,
Pike, Samuel J.Randall, William H. Randall, Bitter,
Rogers, Ross, Schenck, Sloan, Stevens, Stilwell,
Stokes, Stronse. Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson
Taylor, Trowbridge, Robert T. Van Horn. Hamilton
Ward, Wentworth, and Whaley—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, ArneH,
James M. Ashley,Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Benjamin,
Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Brandesee,
Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Dodge,
Driggs, Eekley, Eldridge, Grinnell, Griswold, Holmes,
Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hub-
bell, Jenekes, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwich,
Marvin, McRuer, Mcrcur, Moorhead, Morrill, Myers,
Niblack, O'Neill, Patterson, Pcrharn, Poineroy, Price,
Raymond,John H. Rice, Sawyer, Scofield, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Starr, Thayer, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Williams, James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—68.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Barker,
Beaman, Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Culver,
Darling, Davis, Dawson, Denison, Donnelly, Dumont,
Bggleston, Eliot, Farnswortl^Ferry. Finck, Garfield^
Glossbreimer, Goodyear, Abner C, Harding, Harris,
fiigby, Hogan, Hooper. Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. ^Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Johnson, Jones, Kasson.Kerr, Longyear, Marshall,
Marston, McCullough, Miller, Morris, N ewell, Phelps,
Plants, Kadford, Alexander H. Rice, Rollins, Rous-
seau, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Francis Thomas, John
L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward,
Henry D. Washburn, Winfield, Woodbridge, ana
Wright—59.
So the resolution was rejected.
-Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was rejected; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reconstruction.
Mr. MOULTON offered the following reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question
thereon:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be,
and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the
expediency of inviting and authorizing the loyal
citizens of the United States residing in the districts
of country recently in rebellion against the United
States, known and designated as tne States of Ala-
bama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Missisrippi, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, and Virgima. to
form constitutional State governments ana provide
