1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for the restoration of such States to all the rights,
dignities, and privileges of States in the American
Union, and that the committee have leave to report
by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a .question of
order. This resolution under the rule should
go to the committee on reconstruction.
Mr. MOULTON. It is all sound.
Mr. BINGHAM. If it is sound let it go in
the right direction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. By the rule adopted last session
and continued at this session, the resolution
must go to the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion.
government bonds.
Mr. ROSS offered the following resolution,
and demanded the previous question thereon:
Resolved, That it is the sense of Congress that no
more Government bonds should be issued which are
not subject to the same rates of taxation as other
property.
Mr. THAYER. I move to lay it on the
table.
Mr. LE BLOND and Mr. ROGERS de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ROGERS demanded tellers.
Tellers were refused.
The motion to lay the resolution on the table
was agreed to—ayes 61, noes 36.
withdrawal of legal tenders.
Mr. BAKER offered the following resolution,
and demanded the previous question thereon :
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be instructed to report a bill forbidding for
some temporary period the further withdrawal of
the legal-tender currency.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suggest to the gentle-
man to amend the resolution by making it read
"inquire into the expediency."
Mr. MORRILL, i move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. BAKER. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 58, not voting,
45; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona,
Anderson, Arnell, James M.Ashley,Baldwin, Banks,
Baxter, Benjamin, Bergen, Blaine, Boutwell, Boyer,
Brandegee, Campbell, Chanler, Conkling, Cooper,
Dawes, Defrees, Beming, Dixon, Dodge, Eldridge,
Jfinck, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Grinnell, Griswold,
Aaron Harding, Hawkins, Hill, Hogan, Hooper, De-
mas Hubbard, Jonn H. Hubbard, Hunter, Jenckes,
Kerr, Ketcham, Koontz, Lallin, Latham,- George V.
Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwich, Marston, Marvin,
McRuer, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill, Myers, New-
ell, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Paine, Pattefson,
Pomeroy, Price, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond,-John
H. Bice, Bitter, Rogers, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanklin,
Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stokes, Strouse. Taber, Nelson
Taylor, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, An-
drew H. Ward, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wcntworth,
Williams, and Windom—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Dclos R. Ashley, Baker, Barker,
Bingliam, Blow, Bromwell, Buckland, Bundy, Reader
W.Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Dnggs,
Bckley, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Hale, Abner
C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Hise, Edwin
N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll, Julian,
Kelley, Kelso, Kuykendall, William Lawrence, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, McClurg, Mc-
Indoe, McKee, Moulton, Orth, Perham, Pike, Wil-
liam H. Randall, Ross, Sloan, Starr, Stevens, Stil-
well, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thayer, Thornton, Trow-
bridge, Robert T. Van Horn, Whaley, James F.
Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beaman, Bidwell, Broom-
all, Culver, Darling, Davis. Dawson, Delano, Deni-
son, Donnelly, Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot, Goodyear,
Harris, Higby, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Johnson, Jones, Kasson, McCullougli, Miller, Mor-
ris, Noell, Phelps, Plants, Radford, Alexander H.
Rice, Rollins, Rousseau, Sehenck, Shellabarger,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trimble, Henry
D. Washburn, Welker, Winfield, Woodbridge, and
Wright—45.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
laid on 'the table; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. .
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Two messages in writing from the President
of the United States were communicated to the
House by Mr. Robert Johnson, his Private
Secretary.
VENTILATION OV THE HALL.
Mr. BROMWELL submitted the following
resolution, upon which he called the previous
question:
Resolved, That the officer havingin charge the Hall
of Representatives be instructed to open all the doors
of the Hall and galleries and all doors opening to the
outside of the Representative Hall of the building and
basement and first story, and keep the same open
during two hours after the adj oiirnmcnt of' the House,
and during two hours before eaeh meeting, at such
times as will not interfere with warming the building.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask my colleague [Mr. Bromwell] to allow me
to offer an amendment, as follows:
And that the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be directed to inquire into the expediency
of removing the restaurant from the basement of the
building.
Mr. BROMWELL. I will accept the amend-
ment, and call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof .the resolution, as modified, was
agreed to.
revenue-cutter service.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill to fix the
compensation of the officers of the revenue-
cutter service, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, also introduced a bill in rela-
tion to the revenue-cutter service; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the bills I have just introduced, with the
papers accompanying the same, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
inspection of papers in departments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced a joint res-
olution to allow members of Congress to inspect
papers in the Post Office Department; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was tpon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that it shall be the duty of the Post-
master General to allow Senators aud mem-
bers of Congress to examine all papers and
recommendations for office appertaining to
postmasters, post offices, and other postal mat-
ters in their several States and congressional
districts.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio; I would suggest to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
to modify his resolution so as to include papers
in tlie Treasury Department.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must decline.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move to lay the joint
resolution on the table, and on that question
I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 31, nays 116, not voting
44; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Boyer, Brandegee, Campbell,
Cooper, Dawes, Eldridge, Fmck, Aaron Harding,
Hooper, James R. Hubbell, Kerr, Ketcham, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Leftwch, Marshall,
Niblack, Noell, John H. Rice, Ritter, Rogers, Ross,
Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Taber, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Andrew H. Ward, and Whaley—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona, An-
derson, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley,
Baker,Baldwin,Baxter,Benjamin, Bergen, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blow, Boutwell, Bromwell, Buckland,
Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Delano, Denison,
Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, JEekloy, Farnsworth, Garfield,
Grinnell, Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hawkins,
Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Holmes. Hotchkiss, Demas
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Huhbell,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Ivelso,
Koontz, Kuykendall, Latham, William Lawrence,
Loan, Longyear, Lvnch, Marvin,Maynard, McClurg,
Mclndoe, McKee, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill, Moul-
William H. Randall, Raymond, Sawyer, Schenek,
Scofietd, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes,
Strouse, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
Thornton,Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,BurtVan
Horn, Hamilton W ard, W arner, Elihu B. W ashburne,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wmdom,
and Woodbridge—116.
NOT VOTING—Messra. Banks, Barker, Beaman,
Farquhar, Ferry, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Griswold,
Harris, Higby, Hise^Hogan, Asahef W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Kasson, Marston, MeCullough, McRuer, Mil-
ler, Morris, Patterson, Phelps, Plants, Radford, Alex-
ander H. Rice, Rollins, Shellabarger, Stilwell, John
L. Thomas, Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry 3X
Washburn, Winfield, and Wright—44.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired the joint resolution will go over to
the next Monday when the House shall be in
session. _ v
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER laid before the House tht
following message from the Senate:
In Senate op the United States,
December 14,1866.
Resolved, That the Secretary be directed to request
the House of Representatives to return to the Senate
House bill No. 876: making appropriations and to
supply deficiencies m the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1867, and for other purposes, for the pur-
pose of correcting an error in the engrossment of the
amendments of the Senate to said bill.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY, Secretary.
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the
Senate were concurred in by the House, and
the motions to reconsider laid upon the table.
It will therefore require unanimous consent
to comply with the request of the Senate.
No objection was made.
adjournment oyer the holidays.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,
the House proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the Senate to the concurrent resolu-
tion of the House, in relation to the adjourn-
ment of Congress over the holidays.
The amendment was to insert the words
"Senatfe and" between the words "the" and
"House;" so that the resolution will read, as
follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
Senate and House adjourn on Thursday the 20th in-
stant, they adjourn to meet on Thursday the 3d day
of January next.
The question was upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the amend-
ment be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The effect of the adop-
tion of that motion will be to carry the original
resolution with it.
Mr. STEVENS. That is what I want to
accomplish.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I call for the yeas
and nays on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays wore not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
was concurred in: and also moved that the
motion to reconsiderybe laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill (S.
No. 1) entitled "An act to regulate the elect-
ive franchise in the District of Columbia;"
whereupon the Speaker signed the same.
THE RUSSIAN EMPEBOK.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
