1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1591
fore, before the vote shall be reached upon the 1
substitute which I propose, I shall feel myself 1
at liberty to modify it, if I so choose, in accord-
ance with the votes given by the Committee of
the Whole. 1 will not now state the details
of the changes which I propose in the bill as
reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means, because, as I have stated, I shall feel
at liberty, after farther action by the Committee
of the Whole, to modify the amendment I now
propose to offer.
Mr. CHANLER. I would ask the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] what prop-
osition he makes in reference to the progress
of debate upon this bill?
Mr. MORRILL. I have made no proposi-
tion upon that subject. I now propose to
move that the committee rise for the purpose
of terminating all general debate upon this
bill; which will not cutoff five-minntes' debate
upon amendments. I should be very glad to
make a speech myself, and there are several
gentlemen who also would be glad to make
Bpeeches. But it is now so late in the session
I will forego the privilege myself and must ask
that others shall also forego it.
I now move that the committee rise for the
purpose of closing debate upon this bill.
Mr. CHANLER. Before the question is
taken, I desire to inquire for information
whether the proposed substitute of the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] will not
virtually cut off all further opportunity to offer
amendments?
Mr. MORRILL. It will not prevent further
amendment nor cut off the five-minute debate.
The question was taken upon the motion
that the committee rise; and upon a division
there were—ayes 01, noes 41.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. CHANLER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Morrill and
Mr. Chaxler were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 08, noes 35.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Pome-
roy reported that the Committee of the Whole :
on the state of the Union, according to order,
had had under consideration the Union gen-
erally, and particularly the bill of the House
No. 718, to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes, and had di-
rected him to report that they had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the
House again resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole and resume the consideration of
the special order, all general debate shall ter-
minate in one minute.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman to
allow a little longer time for debate to those
who are opposed to the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. In reply to my colleague,
I will say that if we ever reach the previous
question upon this substitute which I now
offer, I suppose I will be entitled to an hour,
which I will be willing to divide with the
gentleman from Iowa and other members of
the House.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Will the gentleman
distribute any portion of his time among mem-
bers who are not upon the Committee ot Ways
and Means?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly, sir; with a
great deal of pleasure.
Mr. CHANLER. I wish to ask the gen-
man from Vermont whether the effect of the
course that he proposes to take will not be to
limit general debate to one minute now, and
to limit further debate to one hour when he
shall have moved the previous question?
Mr. MORRILL. Ihe gentleman has been
in the House long enoughHo know that limit-
ing general debate does not cut off the five-
minutes' debate. After general debate upon
the bill has been closed, gentlemen can move
amendments to it and can debate them for
five minutes on each side.
Mr. CHANLER. I am not quite certain
whether the amendment offered by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means to [
the amendment of the Senate does not cut off
all further amendments to this bill?
Mr. MORRILL. Not at all; not at all.
Mr. CIIAXLER. It seems to mo pretty
generally understood that the effect of that
amendment will be to put the bill in that posi-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
by the rule, which will be found in the Digest,
the Senate amendment is the only text that the
Senate have agreed to. Therefore it is open to
an amendment in the House, and also to an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to propound a ques-
tion. During the last session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress this bill, as it was sent to the
Senate, was passed by this House. It came
back to us from the Senate at this session with
a single, and only a single amendment, that
being an amendment which struck out the
entire bill passed by the House ; so that really
the Senate have sent us back a newbill. Now,
if we adopt the principle upon which that has
been done we entirely ignore the constitutional
provision that no bill for raising revenue can
originate in the Senate. This Senate amend-
ment is practically, in every sense in which it
can be considered, an original bill coming from
the Senate; and being a bill for raising reve-
nue, it is in violation of the provision of the
Constitution which I have indicated. Now,
unless the question can be fully submitted to
this House, and unless they deliberately and
knowingly decide that the Senate has, and shall
hereafter have, a right to originate revenue
bills, this action of the Senate is all wrong.
To me it appears to be a violation of well-set-
tled constitutional principles, principles which
were incorporated originally into the English
constitution for the preservation of the liberties
of the people against the encroachments of the
English Upper House, and which were sub-
sequently embodied in our own Constitution;
and I believe that we, here as the Representa-
tives of the American people, ought not to sub-
mit to any such encroachment by the Senate
upon the constitutional prerogatives of the
House of Representatives.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer
the gentleman from New York. The point
which he has made at this time should have
been made, if at all, when the amendment
came from the Senate. But when that amend-
ment was sent to the House from the Senate
| no gentleman made that point, and therefore
the amendment was received, was referred to
' the Committee of Ways and Means, was con-
sidered by that committee and by them re-
1 ported back to the House, and it was then
i referred by the House to the Committee of the
j Whole, which committee has been for some
hours engaged in considering the bill. It is
quite clear, therefore, that the point made by
Uie gentleman from New York is made too
late. But the Chair will state that although
the Senate have exercised the power of amend-
ment in a very large degree by striking out the
original House bill and sending back a differ-
ent bill, yet the Chair does not doubt that
technically they have the right so to do. The
Clerk will read the section of the Constitution
bearing upon the point.
The Clerk read the first paragraph of sec-
tion seven of the Constitution, as follows:
"All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the
Douse of Representatives; but the Senate may pro-
pose or concur with amendments, as on other bills.
The SPEAKER. It will be seen that by
the Constitution all bills for raising the rev-
enue must originate in this House ; the Senate
cannot originate any such bill; but the Consti-
tution also provides that when such bills go to
the Senate the Senate may propose amend-
ments, or may concur with amendments to
them, as on other bills. Now, if they have
power, as they certainly have, to strike out all
after the enacting clause of any other bill and
to adopt an amendment in tfce nature of a sub-
stitute entirely different from the orignal, then
they have also a right to do so with a revenue
bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the Chair
to rule that, this being an amendment of the
Senate the House have a light to propose an
amendment to it, and then to offer an amend-
ment to that amendment, which must conclude
the action of the House so far as amending this
bill is concerned. I wish to know whether that
rule applies to the whole bill, or whether we
may amend the several sections in that way?
The SPEAKER. That is a point that will
be disposed of when it arises by the chairman
of the Committee of the Whole.
As the bill is now pending in Committee of
the Whole, with the amendment of the Senate
and the substitute moved by the gentleman from
Vermont, which is also an amendment, any
gentleman can move to amend that substitute,
and when that is voted upon any gentleman
can move to amend it in any other particular,
and when that is voted upon he can again move
to amend j and so on until all desired amend-
ments are offered.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Would it not be in order
to amend the text of the amendment com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole indefi-
nitely, before a vote would bo in order upon
the substitute for the whole bill?
The SPEAKER. That would be in order.
The Chair only answered the question upon
the other point, whether the substitute itself
could be amended.
Mr. DAVIS. If the decision of the Chair
be sustained and this bill go back to the Senate,
cannot they amend again by striking out the
whole bill and send us back an entirely new
substitute ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not antici-
pate a point like that. The gentleman from
New York will see that the Chair has no right
to decide a point based upon an anticipation of
what may be the action of the Senate.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire some information
in reference to the order of amendments to
this bill. I understand that when the bill came
from the Senate with the Senate amendment
it was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, who reported it back to the House with
sundry amendments. The Senate amended
bill and those amendments were then referred
to the Committee of the Whole House. Now,
is it not in order to act first upon the amend-
ment reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means before acting upon any other amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. Any amendment to per-
fect the Senate amendment will be in order
before voting upon any substitute. But these
points will be met by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of the Whole, who, as the House know,
is fully competent to decide them.
Mr. ALLISON. I am aware of that. I
asked the question because the answer might
control my vote with reference to the question
of closing debate.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I desire to ask for information, whether
when we go into the Committee of the Whole
the Senate bill will be entirely open for amend-
ment before any action is taken upon the
amendment which the chairman of the commit-
tee has offered individually, not from the com-
mittee?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated, in reply to another member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that the amend-
ments proposed by the committee will be in
order to perfect the amendment of the Senate.
The Chair does not wish to anticipate the ac-
tion of the Chairman of the Committee of the
Whole, whose prerogative it will be to decide
these points of order as they may arise in com-
mittee.
On the motion of Mr. Morrill, thai when the
House shall again resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
all general debate shall terminate in one min-
ute, there were—ayes 60, noes 39.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I call for the yeas
and nays.
