1592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 7G, nays 49, not voting
65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Alley, Amc. Ancona. Arnell, Bald-
win, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bearnan, Bidwell, Bing-
ham, lioutwoll, Bromwell, Broomall, Bucldand,
Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, D.irline, Davis, l)awes,
Delano, Deming, Dodge, Donnelly, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Ferry, (Jarfield.Uriswold, Henderson, Hiffby. Holmes,
Hotohkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
John II. llubbard, James It. Ilubbell, Kclley, Kelso,
Ketchani, Koontz, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence. Loan, Longyear, Lynch, McCIurg,
Morrill, Myers, O'Neill. Perham, Pomeroy, Price,
William 11. Randall, Rollins, Schenck, Scofield,
Shellabarger, Spalding, Starr, Stokes, Thayer, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ham- ;
ilton Ward, Warner, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wentworth, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
and Woodbridge—76. .
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Baker,Benjamin, Bergen,
Brandegee, Campbell, Chanler, Cook, Cooper, Cul-
lom, Dawson, Defrees, Dixon, Eggleston, Eldridge,
Farquliar, Finck, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Harris,
Hawkins, Hayes, Hill, Hise, Hogan, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenckes, Kasson, '
Kerr, Kuykendall, Leftwich, Maynard, Moulton,
Orth, Paine, Shanklin, Sitgreaves. Strouse, Taber,
Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, Henry D. Washburn,
and James F. Wilson—19.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Blaine, Blow, Boyer, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Culver, Denison, Driggs,
Dumont, Eekley, Glossbrenncr, Grinnoll, Hale,
Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hooper, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Ingersoll, Jones, Julian, Laflin, Le Blond,
Marshall, Marston, Marvin, McCullough, Melndoe,
McKee, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Mor-
ris, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Patterson,
Phelps, Pike, Plants, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Ritter,
Rogers, Ross, Rousseau. Sawyer, Sloan, Stevens,
Stilwell, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thornton, Robert T.
Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Whaley, Winlield,
and Wright—65.
So the motion of Mr. Morrill to close
general debate was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment bills and a joint
resolution of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1197) for the relief of
Charles Valmar;
An act (H. R. No. 1190) granting a pension
to Peter Fisher;
An act (H. R. No. 1195) for the relief of
Mary B. Fowler;
An act(H. R. No. 1194) granting back pen-
sion to Mary J. Dexter;
An act (H. R. No. 1193) for the relief of
Levisa Daniel;
An act (H. R. No. 1192) granting arrears
of pensions to Lewis A. Horton ;
An act (H. R. No. 1189) granting arrears of
pension to Sally Allen;
An act (H. R. No. 1092) for the relief of
Milton Velzy;
An act (H. R. No. 1191) increasing the
pension of Isabella Fogg;
An act (H. R. No. 1190) granting a pension
to Mary Fitzpatrick;
An act (H. R. No. 1153) for the relief of
Mrs. Rachel McClelland; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 280) for the
relief of the mother of Charles 0. Rowohl.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed an act (H. R. No. 112G)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for tlie year ending June 30, 1868, and
for other purposes, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed an act (S. No. 023) granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. Susan Ten Eyck Williamson, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
tariff bill again.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the rales
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into i
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to resume the consideration of the
tariff bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 718) to provide increased revenue from
imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL. In order to facilitate busi-
ness and prevent all confusion I withdraw my
substitute for the Senate amendment for the
present.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont whether this substitute has been i
printed, or whether there are any means by
which members can become acquainted with it ?
The CHAIRMAN. The printed bill shows
what is proposed to be stricken out by the
Committee of Ways and Means and what is i
proposed to be inserted. In accordance with
uniform usage heretofore, the chairman will
be first recognized.
Mr. CHANLER. I wish to inqnire whether
the substitute of the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] has been printed in full.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been withdrawn,
and is not before the committee.
Mr. MORRILL. I now propose the amend-
ments offered by the Committee of Ways and
Means. The first amendment is to strike out
"from and after the passage of this act" and
to insert " on and after ten days from the pas-
sage of this act;" so it will read:
That on and after ten days from tho passage of this
act, in lieu of tho duties heretoforo imposed by law
on the articles hereinafter mentioned, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on the goods, wares, and
merchandise herein enumerated and provided for,
imported from foreign countries, the following duties
and rates of duties; that is to say, &c.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That js
not the amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and which is in the
printed bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must recog-
nize this as the amendment of the committee,
coming as it does from the chairman.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts the amendment I have sub-
stituted was made in consultation with the other
members of the committee since the bill was
reported. I have no objection if he prefers
the other phraseology.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I have a
preference for the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then I
move the amendment of the committee, to strike
out "from and after the passage of this act,"
and insert "on and after the 1st day of April,
1867." I will explain why this amendment
was offered. It was on the advice of the De-
partment. As all accounts are made monthly
it would make a great deal of trouble to have
a month divided and broken up. And an-
other reason was the importance of communi-
cating the change to the different parts of the
country. It may be by telegraph sent to Cali-
fornia in a few days, but it is better and more
safely sent by mail. It was adopted in the
absence of the chairman on the advice of the
Department. If he had been present I have
no doubt he would have assented to it.
Mr. MORRILL. I renew my amendment
as an amendment to the amendment; and I
only desire to say since we have had so fre-
quent and rapid communication with Europe
it enables importers to flood our markets, not
only with silks and iron, but woolen goods and
wool. It would be easy for them to order a
sufficient amount if they could make enough
by it before this bill goes into operation for an
entire year. Therefore I want the act to go
into effect ten days after its passage. Other-
wise I should regard it in reference to some
articles as entirely useless. Have we not had
sufficient experience last year? The importers
noticed the intention of Congress to pass this
bill, and for that reason we nave had an un-
precedented glut of goods from abroad.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Chairman, the argu-
ment of the gentleman is an admission he can-
not carry out his theory of protection. His
plan is competition with improvement in the
science of the ag«, and hs finds himself met
upon the brink of the ocean by the Atlantic
telegraph. He is proposing "to put a girdle
round the earth in forty minutes," and then
he proposes to limit intelligence, trade, and
speculation. He might as well attempt to
bottle the lightning. He could control the
efforts of genius as well by enactment as to
limit the spirit of commerce and speculation.
Sir, the theory of this bill is a falsity from be-
ginning to end. The gentleman in charge of
it surrenders his position in his amendment.
He has been beaten by the spirit of the age. It
is an age of free trade, of intercommunication
between the continents without the interposi-
tion of legislators, without the trammels of
legislative bodies. Sir, the basis of our Gov-
ernment rests upon the enterprise and com-
merce of its people, and to undertake to thwart
or check the successful efforts of man to com-
municate across the ocean is likely to prove
more feeble and futile than we might have
reason to expect from the immense labor of
the mountain of Vermont. [Laughter.] Par-
turient monies nascitur mus. [Laughter.]
A Member. Ridiculus mus. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. Yes, sir, ridiculus mus.
Sir, if the gentleman supposes that he can
stand upon the granite hills of his native State
and dictate to the civilization of Europe and
America the means by which the laborer in the
two continents is to gain his daily living he
has come to the center of the American Gov-
ernment for little purpose, and is about to be
promoted to a higher branch with very little
advantage to himself or his country. [Laugh-
ter.]
Sir, it is by the spirit of competition in the
open field of enterprise that this people here
assembled has won the race. It is because we
have opened our ports to the commerce of the
world that England has spent millions to ex-
tend her telegraph to us, and it is because we
are ruled through the enterprise of our people,
under a system that is free, liberal, and wise,
that the Europeans come here to trade with
us. Draw this line around us, crush the spirit
of trade, give to the manufacturing interest of
New England the high places and rich profits,
and you make a successful section, but you
make a weak and tottering nation. It will be
like the monster image seen in the vision by
the king of old: its feet will be of clay, though
its superstructure be of brass. [Laughter. J
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Morrill to the amendment of Mr.
Hooper, of Massachusetts, it was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
ask for information if the report of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means on this bill is before
the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the Senate amendment printed in Roman
text is before the House as a single amendment
to the House bill, and the amendments of the
Committee of Ways and Means to the Senate
amendment are printed in italics.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand the Committee of Ways and Means
made a report on the Senate amendment which
was referred to them, and I had supposed that
the amendments recommended by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means in their report were the
subject of consideration now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hold
that they are before the Committee of the
Whole as the report of the Committee of Ways
and Means, but subject to amendmentof course.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If I understand the
rule, it is that the amendments proposed by
the Committee of Ways and Means are not
before the Committee of the Whole, except as
they are moved b^some member of the com-
mittee.
The CHAIRMAN. That is all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand the Chair
to rule that the amendments proposed by the
committee would be received as offered by
them, and that they were not to be taken as
