916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
ator and wants him to move this or that, or
writes a letter to somebody to make a motion
on this or that, and then he does it "on the
statement of a most respectable gentleman
who understands the subject." Sir, the thing
has run into the ground; it has got to be an
absolute absurdity j and the country, if they
are not laughing at us, ought to be for the
course we are pursuing about it. I leave the
further consideration of it to those who are
opposed to the bill, and I must say for the gen-
tlemen on the ofher side who belong to the
other party they have given us no trouble at
all. What we have had has all been 'within
our own ranks, and we have got to take it, be
it more or less.
I repeat, sir, it is of no use at all for us to
go on in this way. I believe my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] is the only man in the
Senate who has not made a motion to amend
or made a speech on this subject.
Mr. FOGG. Oh, no; you must except me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are many others.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
them pointed out. There may be one or two
more. I do not complain of them, but I wish
to say to gentlemen we have got to finish this
bill some time or other, and I wish to say par-
ticularly to the friends of the bill that the only
way we can do it is for them to cxercise a little
forbearance, and tell their friends who call
upon them to have amendments made to go to
the House, that the bill cannot be kept here
any longer. Unless they will do that we can-
not pass the bill and make it a law at the pres-
ent session.
Mr. SPRAGUE. T do not wish to occupy
time on this subject; but I do not mean to re-
ceive a reprimand 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not mean it for
the Senator at all, or anybody in particular.
He has been as forbearing as anybody.
Mr. SPRAGUE. J have a duty to discharge,
and I intend to discharge it to the best of my
ability. I have been waiting here for the last
three or four days to get the floor or to retain
it on these propositions. Now I know of what
I speak. 1 know all about the making of these
horseshoe nails, and I know that the machinery
that has been applied to their manufacture has
reduced the price of horseshoe nails from fifty
cents to twenty cents. It requires a cost of
fifty cents to make a pound of horseshoe nails
by hand. By the machinery now in operation
the consumers of this country are getting their
horseshoe nails at twenty cents. The duties
are the same as under the present tariff. You
have advanced the iron that they import, and
which it is necessary for them to import, as it
cannot be made in this country, nearly a cent
a pound. The waste to get this article into
nails is only equivalent, in my judgment, to
the amount that you have raised on the iron.
So if you want cheap nails you have got to
enable these people to carry on their establish-
ments, and to carry them on with imported
iron. If you drive them out and let your nails
be made by the cheap labor abroad you will
be just where you were before and pay forty
or fifty cents for your nails. This amendment
is to enable you to get and keep cheap nails;
and I trust that those who are engaged in
agricultural pursuits will see it that way.
Mr. McDOUGALL obtained the floor.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator will
permit me I wish to move that the Senate take
a recess until half past six o'clock.
Several Senators. Say seven.
Mr. HENDERSON. No; half past sis ;
that is just two hours.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Say seven. We cannot
get back here by half past six.
Mr. McDOUGALL. All I want to say I
shall say in five minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take a recess now
and you will have the floor in the evening
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am not going to de-
tain the Senate. I only want to make a re-
mark.
Mr. HENDERSON. Cannot you make your
remarks afterward ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I prefer doing it now.
I shall be through in five minutes.
I approve of the management of this meas-
ure by the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance. It did happen that some years ago the
Secretary of War recommended the introduc-
tion of camels into this country, and I being
then a member of the Committee on Military
Affairs of the House was assigned to report
the bill. I did report the bill; and the first
thing that was said to me was by a gentleman
who designed to do it in jest, '' Refer it to Bar-
numand the thing was lost for the moment.
Now, probably the Senator who last addressed
the Senate does not know what kind of nails
are required to enable a camel to get over the
Rocky mountains or the Sierra Nevada. He
knows what kind of nails are used in the fac-
tories of Rhode Island.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate take a recess until half past six o'clock.
Several Senators. Say seven.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
proposition by saying seven o'clock.
Mr. HENDERSON. I accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senate will
not take any recess. The Senator from Maine
has spoken the words of truth and soberness
when he has told us that we have got to slick
to this bill if we expect to pass it. We have
found by experience that if we go away and
undertake to come back here in the evening
wc arc very soon without a quorum. I should
hope gentlemen might be able to fast a little
while for the sake of getting on with this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not undertake to
express an opinion or a wish in regard to this
matter ; but I hope, however, the Senate will
either sit straight along now or take a recess,
with the understanding that the vote is to
be taken to-night upon the bill. ["Agreed,
agreed."]
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let me ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance if the gen-
tlemen of the majority will stay here to main-
tain a quorum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That remains to be
seen.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will stay here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we are to take a
recess I wish gentlemen to understand that if
we come back at seven o'clock we are to stay
until we take a vote upon the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senate will meet
at half past seven o'clock we will accept the
proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A recess until seven
o'clock gives two hours and a half, and I
should think that is long enough for gentlemen
to get their dinners.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Some of us cannot get
back at seven.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have not offered one
amendment to this bill. The Senator from
. Maine is aware that I shall put no clogs and
I never do put any in the way of measures. I
am opposed to the passage of the bill, and I
desire to offer five or six, or perhaps eight or
ten amendments, but I shall not occupy any
of the time of the Senate in discussing them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will be ample
time for that after meeting at seven o'clock.
Mr. HENDERSON. But# suppose I can-
not get the floor. Friends of the bill have
been offering amendments all the time and I
have not been able to get the floor yet to offer
a single amendment. I shall submit my
amendments without discussion, and I will eon-
sent to take the vote on the bill to-night if that
does not deprive me of the privilege of offering
my amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think there
is any danger of that. The Senator will prob-
ably not be interfered with.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to suggest again
that we meet again at half past seven o'clock.
Mr. HENDERSON. Seven o'clock is late
enongh. I insist on the motion that the Sen-
ate now take a recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to\
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
p. m.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R; No. 912) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending June 30, 1868, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
The amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 525) supplement-
ary to an act to prevent smuggling, and for
other purposes, approved July 18, 1866, were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication of the Secretary
of War, transmitting, in response to a resolu-
tion of the Senate of January 26, a copy of
Major General J. H. Wilson's report on the
capture of Jefferson Davis; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
sioux reservation settlers,
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to take up for con-
sideration House joint resolution No. 126,
which I am sure will occasion no debate.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 126) for the relief of
certain settlers on the Sioux reservation, in the
State of Minnesota, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize those persons who
settled and made improvements upon lands
now included in the Sioux reservation in Min-
nesota, and filed notice of their claims in the
proper local land office, before the boundaries
of the reservation were definitely surveyed and
located, to enter the lands thus settled upon,
as in other cases of preemption, upon the pay-
ment of $1 25 per acre, under such rules and
regulations as may be provided by the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
organization of the house.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to
dispose of House bill No. 874, regulating the
duties of the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives, which was up last evening and "was put
over at the suggestion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania. I have had a consultation with
him, and I believe he does not design taking
any exception to it now. It will take but a
few moments I think. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 874) to regulate the duties of the Clerk of
the House of Representatives in preparing for
the organization of the House, and for other
purposes, the question being on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I shall not call for the
yeas and nays on the passage of this bill, al-
though I am opposed to its enactment. I sup-
pose, however, there would be no advantage
in causing its postponement, as I suppose the
majority will pass it whenever a quorum shall
be present. I think it is questionable whether
a law of this sort ought to be enacted to bind
the action of a future Congress. I suppose
that a new House of Representatives when it
is assembled together can act according to its
own pleasure. It cannot bo bound by any
opinion, even if put into the form of a statute,
of a prior Congress. I think, therefore, if
this subject were debated upon principle it
might well be held open to strong objections
upon this ground.
Now, sir, the power of the Clerk of the
House of Representatives to call the roll of
the members-elect I understand to rest upon
usage and upon the acquiescence of thejiouse
itself. I do not understand that by a statute
of the present Congress you can control a fu-
ture Congress with reference to the manner in
which they shall act in their organization or
in the discharge of any other duty which par
