1866.
TBI OOMGKISSIONAL ©LOBE
153
stores and subsistence supplies famished to
the Army of the United States. •'
Mr. DELANO. Is it in Order to. put this
bill 011 its passage?
The SPEAKER. It is, under the operation
of the previous question.
Mr. DELANO. I'theri movethe previous
question.
Mr. LE BLOND. I reserve my right to
object. , - -
'The bill was read. It eiiacts that the pro-
visions, chapter 240, of the act of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress,, first session, approved July
4, ;186'4, shall not be construed to authorize
tne settlement of any claim for supplies or
stores taken or furnished for the use of or used
by the armies of the United States, nor for the
occupation of or injury to real estate, nor for
the consumption, appropriation, or destruc-
tion of %or damage to personal property by the
Military' authority or troops of the United
States, where such claims originated during the
waf for the suppression of the rebellion in a
State declared in insurrection by proclamation
of the President of the United States, or in
a State which by an ordinance of secession
attempted to withdraw from the United States
Government, provided that nothing herein
contained shall repeal or modify.the effect of
the joint resolution of Congress passed July
28, 1866, extending the provisions of the said
act of July 4, 1864, to the loyal citizens of the.
State of Tennessee.
Mr. LATHAM. I object to its consider-
ation.
Mr. DELANO. I move to suspend the
rales for the" purpose of considering the bill.
• lie motion was agreed to.
. The bill was accordingly read a first and
•second time.
Mr. DELANO. I detaand the previous
question on the third reading.
Mr. LATHAM. I suggest a modification to
include the counties of Berkeley and Jefferson,
of West Virginia, which were added to that
State by act of Congress at the last session.
Mr. DELANO. I cannot consent.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed ; and being engrossed, it was read the
third time.
Mr. DELANO. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of this bill.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would be glad to hear
from my colleague [Mr. Delano] some reason
for the passage of this bill at this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill
shows it. I object to any further debate.
The question was upon ordering the yeas
and nays ; and being taken, upon a division
there were—ayes 21, noes 89; not one fifth
voting in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. LATHAM called for tellers upon the
question of ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question recurred upon the passage of
the bill.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I move to
lay the bill upon the table, and upon that mo-
tion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for tellers upon
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message f\om the Senate, by John W.
Forney, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senate had corrected the errors in the en-
grossment of the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. 876, making appropriations and
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 18R7,, and for other pur-
poses, and now returned the same to the House
for its concurrence.
PENSION APKtOPEIATION BrLL.
Mr. ,STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year end-
ing June 30, 1868; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, referred
to the Committee of the Whole, and made the
special order for Friday, the 4th of January
next, after the morning hour, and from day to
day until disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I reserve
the right to raise points of order on. this bill
when it shall come up for consideration.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations, also reported a bill making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1868, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to beprmted, referred to the Committee of
the Whole, and made the special order for
Friday, the 4th of January next, after the
morning hour, and from day to day until dis-
posed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I reserve all
points of order on this bill, when it shall come
up for consideration.
increased compensation of clerks, etc.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the Commit-
tee on Appropriations were discharged from
the further consideration of sundry petitions
of the clerks and civil employes in the Exec-
utive Departments, for an increase of compensa-
tion, and the same were referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE SCRIP.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended in order to enable me to introduce
for consideration at this time a joint resolution
relative to the issue of agricultural college
scrip to the States lately in rebellion.
The joint resolution was read for informa-
tion. It directs that the further issue of agri-
cultural college scrip to any of the States
lately in rebellion shall be prohibited until
they shall be fully restored to their rights as
States by Congress.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 32, not voting,
72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell. Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin,Banks, Barker,Baxter, Benjamin,Bidweli,
Bingham, Blow, Boutwell, Brandegce, Bromwell,
Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,Conk-
ling, Cook Cullom, Dawes, Defrees, Deming, Dixon,
Driggs, Eckley, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Gar-
field, Grinnell, AbnerC.Harding, Hawkins, Hender-
son, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Ingersoll, J enekes, J ulian,
Kelley, Koontz, Kuykcndall, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lynch, Marston, Marvin,
Maynard, McClurg.McKee, McRuer, Mercur, Moor-
head, Moulton, Myers, Nswell, O'Neill, Ortb, Paine,
Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William
H. Randall, Raymond. John H. Rice, Schenck. Sco-
field, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer, Fran-
cis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam. Ham-
ilton Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, AVilliam
B. Washburn, Welker. Wentworth, Williams, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Chanler,
Cooper, Denison,Eldridge,Finck,Glossbrenner,Hale,
Aaron Harding, Hise, Hogan, Edwin N. Habbell,
Ilunter, Kerr, Latham, Lo Blond, Leftwich, Marshall,
Niblack, Noell, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sit-
greaves, Strouse, Tabor. Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thorn-
ton, and Andrew II. Ward—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beaman,Blaine, Broomall,
Buckland, Campbell, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawson,
Delano,Dodge'Donnelly, Dumont, Eggleston. Eliot,
Goodyear, Griswold, Harris, Hart, Hayes, Iligby,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, ChestorD. Hubbard,
Demal Hubbard. John H. Hubbard, James R. Hub-
bell, Hnlbnrd, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kassonv
Kelso,. Keteham, Loan, Longyear, McOul lough,
raelndoe. Miller, Morrill, Morris, Nicholson, Phelps,
Plants, Radford, Saitflucl 3. Randall, Alexander H,
lliee.ltolhns, Rousseau, Suwyur, Sbellsbarger<Starrj
StUwefl, JSelson Taylor, John. h. Thomas, Trimble,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,. Henry D.
Washburn, Wimley, Winiield, WofKl bridge, and
WrighW72. •. -
So the rules were suspended; and the joint
resolution was introduced and read a first and
second time.
•The question being on ordering the join!
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time, - - ■ i
Mr. JULIAN called foi* the previous ques-
tion. - , .
The previous question wag seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the joint resolution, being
engrossed, was read the third time-and passed.
Mr. .JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by -which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROTECTION OP LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. McKEE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to protect loyal persons in the
States lately in rebellion, including the States
of Maryland, Missouri, and Kentucky ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PBQTBCTION Of FREED HEM.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution:
Whereas the following, purporting to be an official
advertisement, appeared in the public prints of the
day as copied from one of the newspapers of Mary-
land :
"Public Sale.—The undersign ed will sell at the court-
house door in the city of Annapolis at 12 o'clock
m. on Saturday, 8th December, 1866, a negro man
named Richard Harris, for six months, convicted at
the October term, 1866, of the Anne Arundel circuit
court for larceny, and sentenced by the court to be
sold as a slave. Terms of sale, cash.
" WM. BRYAN,
" Sheriff Anne Arundel county.
" December 3,1866."
Therefore, resolved. That the Committee on the
Judiciary be instructed to inquire whether such con-
viction and order of sale occurred as stated in said
advertisement; and if so, whether such proceeding
is not in direct conflict with the Constitution of the
United States and with the act "to protect all per-
sons in the United States in their civil rights and
furnish the means of their vindication;" and that
il in their opinion the Constitution and the act re-
ferred to have been violated, the committee further
inquire whether any steps have been taken by the
President of the United States to enforce the law and
preventsuch outrages; andthatsaid eommitteehavo
power to send for persons and papers and to report to
the House at any time what action they may deem
necessary and proper for Congress to take on the
subject.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
make a single suggestion before the vote be
taken on this resolution. I wish simply to sug-
gest whether the inquiry proposed should not
be enlarged. It will be recollected that in the
constitutional amendment abolishing slavery,
it was provided, perhaps unfortunately, that
there should be no slavery " except in punish-
ment for crimc of which the party should be
duly convicted." Now, sir, Maryland is not
the only State of the South that under the
exception I have mentioned has taken occasion
to pass laws providing for selling freedmen into
slavery. It is not many weeks since two per-
sons—a very respectable gentleman and his
wife—called at my room to say that they had
just come from Florida, the gentleman having
been engaged in the revenue service there until
it became too warm for them and they came
away. They informed me that the day before
they left they saw seven negroes sold into sla-
very at public auction, some of them for seven
years; and that they saw several others whipped
with stripes upon the naked hack at the whip-
ping-post under the discriminating laws of
Florida.
Now, sir, there are laws all over the South
which provide for taking up these people on
charges of vagrancy and other things of that
kind and selling them into bondage as actual
as any that ever existed there, though not per-
haps to the same extent. I think that while
