1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1593
before the Committee of the Whole in their
entirety.
The CHAIRMAN. They form no part of the
bill except as they are proposed by the com-
mittee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If those portions of the
bill now printed in italics are presented by the
committee as amendments I call for the read-
ing of them as a whole.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They are not before
the committee as a whole; they simply indicate
what amendments the Committee of Ways and
Means desire to make. Until they are moved
in Committee of the Whole they are not before
the House at all.
The CHAIRMAN. Such is the ruling of the
Chair.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood the
Chair to rule a moment ago that he would treat
this portion of the bill that is amended in italics
as the amendments proposed by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Whenever moved by a
member of the committee; until so moved they
are not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the committee do move
them I call for the reading of the whole.
Mr. ALLISON. I suggest, inasmuch as the
amendments reported by the committee are in
italics and are numbered, that it will facilitate
action if the Clerk reads them one after another
and passing them in committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire whether
these amendments are not reported from the
committee as the record, to wit, "ordered to
be printed with amendments of Committee of
Ways and Means, made a special order," &c.:
and whether they are not now before the House?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will consider
them as pending before the Committee of the
Whole, but still subject to amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I demand the read-
ing of them.
The CHAIRMAN. They can only be read
as reached in their order.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order. The Committee of Ways
and Means have made a report upon the Sen-
ate amendment, and I ask if it would not be
in order to have their report read so that the
House may know what it is?
The CHAIRMAN. The only amendments
pending are the amendments reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means to the amend-
ment of the Senate, which is a substitute for
the bill as it originally passed the House.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The
Committee of Ways and Means report certain
amendments, and I ask if the House cannot
have information as to what these amendments
are?
The CHAIRMAN. They have been printed
for the information of the House, and will be
reported separately by the Clerk in their order.
By unanimous consent they can be considered
in gross; if there be objection to that they will
be read seriatim.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I prefer
that they should be read seriatim.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to inquire
of the Chair whether the Senate amendments
will be open to other amendments after the
amendments reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means have been acted on?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the whole substitute of the Senate will be open
to amendment after the amendments of the
Committee of Ways and Means are disposed of.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The first amend-
ment reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means has been acted on, and the Clerk is
about to read the second amendment. Will it
not be in order to move an amendment to
come in between the first and second amend-
ments reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means?
•The CHAIRMAN. The uniform usage Is
to allow the committee which reports the bill
to move amendments to perfect the bill before
other amendments are offered. The Chair will
recognize the members of the Committee of
Ways and Means to propose their amendments.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire, at
the proper time, to move to strike out lines
ten and eleven, which levy a duty on tea and
coffeG.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will entertain
that amendment at the proper time. -
Mr. THAYER. I raise the point of order
that the only text upon which the committee
are to act is the Senate amendments, and that
the House do not necessarily act upon the
amendments which are recommended by the
Committee of Ways and Means unless they
are proposed separately as amendments to the
Senate amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state
that these amendments of the Committee of
Ways and Means have been reported to the
House, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and they are now before the com-
mittee for its action.
Mr. THAYER. They stand as a report;
but they constitute no part of the text of the
bill which the committee is considering, and
in order to be incorporated in the bill they
must be separately moved by some member
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. GARFIELD. Not at all.
Mr. THAYER. It is not for you to say
that.
Mr. GARFIELD. They have been reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. THAYER. They have been reported
as a report; but they are no part of the text
upon which the committee is to act, and my
point of order is that in order to incorporate
any amendment in the text of the Senate amend-
ment it must be specifically moved by a mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means. The
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union do not necessarily consider these amend-
ments, but they may be considered on being
moved by any member of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state
that they have already been moved by the
Committee of Ways and Means through their
report.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to illustrate in
one word what I understand to bo the condi-
tion of this bill. This morning I reported a
bill that had passed the House, been sent to
the Senate, and been reported back from the
Senate with amendments. The Committee of
Ways and Means instructed me to move that
the Senate amendment be concurred in with
four amendments. I sent up the report to the
Clerk's desk, and the amendments recom-
mended by the Committee of Ways and Means
were read in their order without my saying a
word more. The Clerk read the first amend-
ment; the Chair said, "Will the House agree
to the amendment?" The House voted and
adopted the amendment; and then, without
my saying another word, the second amend-
ment was read, and the vote taken upon it.
And so with the third amendment and the
fourth amendment; which were voted upon
and adopted. No person offered any other
amendment, and the House proceeded to vote
upon the amendment of the Senate as just
amended by the House. Precisely that condi-
tion of things is presented by the bill now
before the Committee of the Whole. The
Committee of Ways and Means recommended
that the amendment of the Senate be concurred
in with two hundred and seventy-five amend-
ments proposed by them. Those amendments
have been printed and are now on the desks
of members. The first one has been read and
passed without any member of the Committee
of Ways and Means or of the House saying a
word. I take it that now the second amend-
ment proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means will be read, and the Committee of the
Whole will act upob it, and so they will pass
upon all the two hundred and seventy-five
amendments recommended. When that is
done then if any member has any other amend-
ment to offer, he can offer itrand the Commit-
tee of the Whole will act upon it If not, then
the Committee of the Whole will report the
Senate amendment to the House with the
amendments they have made thereto.
Mr. THAYER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] suppose that after all
the amendments recommended by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have been consid-
ered and disposed of we must then go back
and begin de novo, the Clerk reading over
again every paragraph of the amendment of
the Senate?
Mr. GARFIELD. By no means.
Mr. THAYER. That is the case accord-
ing to the argument of the gentleman, other-
wise the whole amendment of the Senate will
be open to amendment at any time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make an
inquiry for the benefit of the Committee of the
Whole; after the Committee of the Whole
have passed upon all the amendments proposed
by the Committee of Ways and Means, can we
again go back and act upon the amendments
we have adopted or the provisions to which
they are attached?
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Ofcoursenot. And
it seems to me that the only wise course for us
to pursue is to take up this amendment of the
Senate paragraph by paragraph and amend it
as we go along, otherwise we may incorporate
some amendments of the Committee of Ways
and Means to which we cannot afterward
return for action. The case referred to by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is
not a parallel case at all. No question was
made upon the report which he mad«, it was
not considered in Committee of the Whole ;
the amendments were proposed by him and no
question of order was raised, but they were
acted upon by the House by unanimous consent.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the Chairman per-
mit me to inquire whether the Senate amend-
ment is regarded as being the text before the
Committee of the Whole for amendment in the
first degree?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the text for the
action of the committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand the amend-
ment of the Senate has been once read through
according to the rule, the first reading not hav-
ing been dispensed with. Then, as I under-
stand the rules in Committee of the Whole, the
amendment of the Senate is to be again read
by paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir.
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir; that is the true
rule.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that to be
the true rule.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is not the ruling
of the Chair.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that to be
according to the rule of the House; I may be
mistaken.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I believe
there is no question before the committee; and
so far as concerns facility of business it seems
to me that all these questions of order retard
the business now before the committee. If
the mode of proceeding recommended by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
were adopted, there would be the same diffi-
culty : an amendment might be adopted that
would be inconsistent with an amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means. I prefer
very much that the Chair should consider the
amendments proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means as first in order, and proceed
at once to have them read. If there is no
other question before the committee.I call for
the reading of the first amendment of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not yield the floor.
I wish to know at this time whether, if we pass
on and consider the amendments as we find
them proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means, we shall then be permitted to go back
to the beginning of the bill and amend it line
by line in every part that has not previously
been acted on. In other words, shall we be per-
mitted to go over the bill twice or only once?
