1594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
The CHAIRMAN. In answer to the point
raised by the gentleman from Tennessee, the
Chair holds that there is but one amendment
before the House, which is the amendment of
the Senate, and which is regarded as the text of
the bill. To this the Committee of Ways and
Means have proposed certain amendments
which, according to the usage of the House, are
to be considered in their order as reported by
the committee. After that the whole section
will be open to amendment upon the motion of
any member.
A Member. The whole bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The whole bill forms
but one section.
Mr. MAYNARD. To make my point clearer,
I move to amend by striking out in line eleven
the word " five" and inserting in lieu thereof
the word " three."
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a point of order,
and submit that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairman stated
when he took the chair that according to the
usage of the Committee of the Whole he should
recognize members of the Committee of Ways
and Means-for the purpose of having action
first upon their amendments, and that then the
whole bill would be open to amendment on the
motion of any member of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish simply to state
that all we want is a fair opportunity to amend
this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will enter-
tain any motion to amend after the amend-
ments of the Committee of Ways and Means
shall have been disposed of.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well; so that we
reach the object I do not care how it is attained.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to inquire whether
our amendments must wait until all the amend-
ments proposed by the Committee of Ways
and Means have been disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair knows no
other usage than first to recognize members of
the committee reporting the bill to offer their
amendments and have them acted on.
Mr. THAYER. That does not answer my
question. I wish to know whether we are to
wait until all the amendments of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have been acted
on before any amendments to other parts of
the Senate amendment will be in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must enter-
tain amendments in the order in which they
are ofFered. The amendments of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means have been before the
House for several days; they have been referred
to the Committee of the Whole and must take
precedence of any amendments which may
now be offered.
Mr. THAYER. Then all those amendments
are to be acted on before any other amend-
ments can be offered?
The CHAIRMAN. Such is the ruling of
the Chair.
The committee rose informally, and the
Speaker resumed the Chair.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment joint resolutions
and bills of the following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 273) for the
relief of Walter C. Whitaker;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 294) for the
relief of Obadiah Aderton;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 296) for the
relief of the orphan children of William
Whelan;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 295) for the
relief of Daniel Cole; ^
An act (H. R. No. 1096) for the relief of
O. P. Cobb & Co.;
An act (H. R. No. 1068) for the relief of
Mary A. Cross ;
An act (H. R. No. 1218) for the relief of
James Riddle:
An act (H. It. No. 1213) granting a pension
to David B. Champion;
An act (H. R. No. 1216) granting a pension
to Mary Hosea;
An act (H. R. No. 1215) for the relief of
Thomas Glasgow;
An act (H. R. No. 1212) for the relief of
Nancy Hinton;
An act (H. R. No. 1214) for the relief of
; Daniel McMahon;
An act (H. R. No. 1213) for the relief of
Elizabeth Staley;
An act (H. R. No. 1211) granting a pension
to Effie J. Harvey;
An act (H. R. No. 1210) increasing the pen-
sion of Levi M. Roberts;
An act (H. R. No. 1209) granting back pen-
sion to Margaret Boucher;
An act (H. R. No. 1208) increasing the pen-
sion of John Russell;
An act (H. R. No. 1201) for the relief of
George W. Knabb;
An act (H. R. No. 1198) for the relief of
the orphan children of John Faris;
An act (H. R. No. 1119) for the relief of
Ann J. Duchman;
An act (H. R. No. 1203) for the relief of
Rufus L. Harvey;
An act (H. R. No. 1204) for the relief of
John Rogers;
An act (H. R. No. 1202) for the relief of
Francis Barrow;
An act (H. R. No. 1206) granting a pension
to Joseph Wrenn;
An act (H. R. No. 1205) granting a pension
to William Gleason:
An act (H. R. No. 457) for the relief of
Hiram Paulding, rear admiral United States
Navy; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 165) for the
relief of Virginia S. Wilson, widow of the late
Captain George W. Wilson.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
268) to pay Lieutenant John H. Hamlin for
military services, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 182)
for printing additional copies of the Appendix
of the Diplomatic Correspondence of 1865, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
tariff bill again.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise for information as
to whether the substitute of the Committee of
Ways and Means 
The CHAIRMAN. It has been withdrawn.
Mr. CHANLER. But under the ruling of
the Chair cannot it be again offered after we
have gone through with these amendments,
and the bill then reported to the House ?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill cannot be re-
ported to the House so long as any amendment
is pending.
Mr. CHANLER. Is it not within the power
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to again bring in his substitute- in
writing ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in the power of
any gentleman to offer a substitute any time
before the bill is reported to the House.
Second amendment:
Insert the following:
Provided further, That on all sugars imported from
foreign countries above No. 12, Dutch standard,
which have in the process of manufacture been
boiled in a vacunm-pan, purged in a centrifugal ma-
chine, or by a centrifugal process, or filtered through
animal or bone black, or its equivalent, there shall
bo levied, collected, and paid, one half of a cent per
pound more than the duties hereby imposed upon
clayed and Muscovado sugars, as made by the old or
open-pan process of the same number, Dutch stand-
ard in color: A yul ]] r<)V i< led furt her, That in the invoices
of al 1 sugars imported into the United States it shall be
expressly stated if they are clay ed or Muscovado, and
in case they have in the process of manufacture been
boiled in a vacuum-pan, purged in a centrifugal
machine, or by a centrifugal process, or filtered
through animal or bone black, or its equivalent, the
fact shall be clearly stated in the invoice.
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Strike out "six" and insert "eight;" so it will
read, "on ground cacao, or cocoa, and on prepared
cocoa and chocolate, cisht cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
Strike out the words " containing spirits."
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
Strike out " bermuth" and insert" vermuth."
Mr. HILL. I desire to know whether the
amendments of the committee are first to be
considered as they are reached in reading the
bill, and whether, after they have been com-
pleted, the bill will then be open for amend-
ment?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be read again
and will be open for amendment.
Mr. HILL. The amendments of the com-
mittee, then, are first to be considered to the
exclusion of all others ?
The CHAIRMAN. Such has bsen the uni-
form custom.
The fifth amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
Insert " containing fifty per cent, or less of alco-
hol so that the paragraph will read:
On cordials, liqueurs, and bitters of all kinds, and
on arrack, absynthe, Kirschwasser, vormuth ratifia,
and other similar beverages not otherwise provided
for in this act, containing fifty per cent, or less of
alcohol, $2 50 per gallon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
Strikeout "four" and insert "five; "so it will read:
Class 1. On all plain woven manufactures of cot-
ton, and on drills, jeans, silesias, and other tweeled
or twilled fabrics, not more than four-leaved twill,
in the brown, gray, or unbleached condition, not
exceeding one hundred threads to the square inch,
countingthewarp and filling, and exceeding in weight
five ounces per square yard, five cents per square
yard.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 50, noes 43.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield
and Mr. Taylor, of New York, were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—-ayes 43, noes 57.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Eighth amendment:
In the remaining portion of the same paragraph
striko out " four" and insert "five;" soit will read:
If bleached, five and one half cents per square
yard; if colored, stained, painted, or printed, four
and one half cents per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, ten per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. This only preserves the
present rate.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers ; and ap-
pointed Mr. Morrili. and Mr. Ancona.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 50.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
Strike out "five" and insert "six;"so it will read:
Class 2. On finer or lighter goods of like descrip-
tion, not exceeding two hundred threads to the
square inch, counting the warp and filling, in tbe
brown, gray, pr unbleached condition, five cents per
square yard; if bleached, five and ono half cents per
square yard; if colored, stained, painted, or printed,
six and one half ccnts per square yard, and, m addi-
tion thereto, fifteen per cent, ad valorem.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 49, noes 49.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ames and
Mr. Randall, of Kentucky, were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 56, noes 55.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Tenth amendment:
Strikeout "satteen, jeans," and insert "satteen-
jeans;" so it will read:
Class 4. On all other manufactures of cotton com-
monly sold or purchased by the yard or other lineal
measure, or by the piece, comprisingtwills over tour-
leaved, satteen-jeans, nets, lappet, and Jajquard-
madc fabrics, damasked and figured fabrics, cords,
beaverteens, velvets, velveteens, and fabrics em-
broidered or tamboured in the loom, not otherwise
Srovided for, in the brown, gray, or unbleached con-
ltion, six cents^ per square yard; if bleached, col-
ored, stained, painted, or printed, six cents per square
yard, and, in addition thereto, twenty per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. It seems to be impos-
