1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
have shown a disposition to do, they will un-
doubtedly defeat the bill; but I trust there is
more independence, more manhood, more de-
termination, more will on the part of the
members of the Senate than to follow any
man's lead. At any rate I hope they will not
follow any man's lead unless that man has
shown that he is entitled to respect and to con-
sideration for the services he has performed,
and certainly not the lead of a man who has
obtained an uncertain reputation from a book
in which we arc informed that the experiences
of the past ars no criteria for the administra-
tion of the future. According to that author-
ity yon are not, Senators, to look at the
management of States and nations that have
heretofore existed in judging how you are to
act to-day ; but you are to act upon new theories
and introduce new elements. If that bo the
course you are to pursue, my judgment is that
you will have a very difficult problem to solve.
That the^ American people will respond to
all the additional burdens that may be placed
upon them by inconsiderate and thoughtless
legislation 1 do not believe. I sj^> not believe
it is possible for them to go on much longer
with this pressure. I think they have been
burdened almost as much as they can bear, and
the slightest additional weight will have a tend-
ency to, and will in fact, crush out the enter-
prise, the energy, and the prosperity of your
people for the next twenty years. You should
act with great care and consideration, and not
become tired in investigating their interests.
The proposition before the Senate is, as I
have said, rather against my personal interest;
but 1 believe the machine-shop is as necessary
to all the industrial interests of the country as
those interests themselves, and if you sacrifice
them you sacrifice all your interests. Here
are men that are skilled in the making of ma-
chinery, that are educated in the working of
iron and steel and copper ; they have grown
into that education from long years of expe-
rience and study. Whether you will permit
them to be turned out of employment and give
this business altogether into the hands of for-
eigners is for you to determine. I do not
believe that is the sentiment of this body ; 1 do
not believe that is the sentiment of the Ameri-
can people ; at any rate, I trust not. 1 am sure
it would not. be if they could understand the
results of such a policy. The results of it are
disaster. 1 know that if all our interests, great
and small, are not carefully and tenderly ad-
justed the consequences will be disastrous to
the country, and you will wake up to that sad
reality when it is too late.
I hope, sir, that this amendment will prevail.
It simply gives protection in the point urged
by the gentleman whose letter I have read, so
as to prevent the introduction in boxes of por-
tions of the machinery as unmanufactured when
it is in reality all ready to be set up. It adds
a duty of nearly ten per cent. It specifies spin-
dles and the various articles of cotton ma-
chinery separate from the main machine, and
gives an additional duty of ten per cent, which
is as little as this interest can possibly do with.
Mr. McDO (JGALL. Mr. President, I am
very ignorant about many things, and can bo
informed undoubtedly by the Senator from
Rhode Island. Perhaps he can interpret to
me what " spindles" moan.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I refer the gentleman to
the dictionary.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Which one?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Webster or Worcester :
take your choice.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Ah! Then you adjourn
the question to the dictionaries !
Mr. SPRAGUE called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yea 1, nays 28 ; as follows :
"YEA—Mr. Spraguo—1.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Uattcfl, Conn ess, Cra-
gin, is, Doohttle, Edmunds, FessCDden, Fogg,
Foster, Fowler, Frelinsrhuysen, Grimes, Henderson,
Howard, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane, McDougall,
Patterson. Poland. Ramsey, Stewart, Van Winkii;,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler,
Cowan, Creswelf, Dixon, Outline, Harris, Hendricks,
Howe, Morgan, Morrill. Nesmith, Norton, Nye.
Pomeroy, Riddle, Ross. Saulsbury, Sherman, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, and Wade—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. I regret, Mr.
President, to occupy any of the time of the
Senate, and>I have occupied as little as pos-
sible of it during this investigation, but I de-
sire now very briefly to submit two or three
amendments without discussing them. On
page 83, line seventeen of section twelve, I
move to strike out "ten "and insert "fifteen"
so as to make the clauge read ;
On skivers and roans, pickled or salted, fifteen per
cent, ad valorem.
On these skivers here spoken of as salted
one half the work is done before they are
brought here. In these sheepskins the whole
country is interested. Immense quantities of
them, I am informed, are now imported.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I can say is that
the committee examined this question very
carefully and came to the conclusion that they
had fixed the duties about right. If the Sen-
ate choose to change them on the statements
of interested parties, be it so.
Mr. FREL1NGIIUYSEN. I suppose they
were fixed on representations.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. _ FRELINGIIUYSEN. On the same
page, in line twenty-eight of section twelve, I
move to strike out " forty'' and insert "fifty;"
so as to read:
On morocco, enameled, glazed, j a panned, varnished,
and patent leather, fifty percent, ad valorem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
_ Mr. _ FUELINGIIUYSEN. On page 73,
lino eighty-five of section ten, I move after
"fur" to insert "and silk;" so as to read,
"on fur and silk hats," &c., "fifty per cent.
ad valorem."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. STEWART. On page 28, line seventy
of section seven, ! move to strike out the words
"not including tagger's iron," and also to strike
out line,' seventy-two and seventy-three, which
read:
On taker's iron, not exceeding fourteen inches in
width by twenty inches in length, thirty per cent, ad
valorem.
The object of this amendment is to place
tagger's iron with the other sheet iron. It is
claimed with a good deal of plausibility, and
I am convinced that there is something in
it, that the bill as it now stands is liable to
abuse. It is said that the thickness of tagger's
iron not being determined in the bill, the result
will be that iron fourteen inches by twenty may
be sent here of sufficient size for stove-pipes,
and may come into competition with the other
species of sheet-iron, tagger's iron being taxed
only thirty per cent, ad valorem, much lower
than the others. It seems to mo the bill as it
now stands is liable to abuse.
I am informed that there is very little tag-
ger's iron used in the country, not enough to
make it an exception to ordinary iron; there
is only a small quantity of it used for umbrSl-
lo,s; and placing in the bill this exception in
favor of tagger's iron will render it liable to
great abuse. - v
'The whole tariff upon sheet iron, medium
quality, appears to be lower in comparison than
that placed on sheet lead and sheet copper. It
appears to be low in comparison even with
wire. After having given this subject some
investigation I am satisfied that this amend-
ment ought to prevail. Parties are very de-
sirous that the duty on sheet iron should be
increased, but I do not propose to offer that
amendment. I think striking out "tagger's
iron" here and leaving it in the same situation
as the other iron is very reasonable, and ought
to be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will make, a very
short explanation about this matter. We put
it precisely at what it was before. • Tagger's
iron is not made in this country at all. It is
imported in boxes, and is principally used for
making buttons and things of that sort. A
considerable quantity is imported for that pur-
pose. The question was before the committee,
and we examined it very carefully on the state-
ment of a gentleman that there might be some
danger of fraud, but on inquiry we found that
"tagger's iron" was well understood, and that
by specifying the size there would be no danger
of its being imported under another name. Wo
decided, therefore, to adhere to the rate the
House fixed on it.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. FOWLER. On page 1, line ten of sec-
tion one, I move to strike out "five" and in-
sert "threeso as to read:
On coffee of all kinds, throe cents per pound.
This is an amendment that concerns nine
tenths of the people of the United States, those
classes who are expected to pay all the taxes.
Our taxes, not only those under the internal
revenue system, but the impost duties, must
be finally collected off the labor of the coun-
try. The present tax on coffee is five cents a
pound, which is about fifty per cent. I think
it is very high ; but if that rate were necessary
for the payment of the interest on the debt of
the country I should not object to it. I have
supported all the duties that have been levied
on different articles, although our people are
consumers, bccauso I believe it is necessary to
enable us to pay the interest on the debt of
the Government; but I do not think it wise or
prudent that the Government should collect
more revenue than is neccssary for the purpose
of discharging its obligations. Last year we
collected about one hundred and seventy-nine
million dollars from customs duties, much
more than was necessary for the purpose I
have stated. The Secretary of the Treasury
estimates that for the next fiscal year wo shall
require over one hundred and thirty-three mil-
lion dollars to pay the interest on our debt,
and for foreign intercourse about thirteen hun-
dred thousand dollars, making about one hun-
dred and thirty-live million dollars in gold. I
suppose this tariff will yield as much, revenue
as the existing one, and the Secretary of the
Treasury estimates that the existing one for
•the present fiscal year will raise $145,000,000 ;
thus making at least $10,000,000 more than is
necessary for the gold wants of the Government.
This proposed diminution of the tax on coffcc
will leave the rate per cent, about thirty per
cent., and will diminish the revenue about two
million dollars; not more than that. I think
this reduction can very easily be made without
interfering with the wants of the Government;
and it will relieve a very large portion of the
community; as I said before, the very portion
of the community who are expected to pay all
tlie taxes, those men who supply the revenues
of the Government by their own labor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Coffee can be made
out of rye or wheat. I have used it many a
time. I do not think that there is going to be
any great privation to the people of any part
of this country by reason of the duty on coffee.
I have lived in a community that could not
afford to pay high prices for coffee, and they
roasted wheat and roasted rye and made those
substitutes answer the purpose. This tax does
not amount to the magnitude of those nails we
heard spoken of recently.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting "two and a half" in-
stead of "three."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
in order. The proposition of the Senator from
Tennessee being an amendment to an amend-
ment, is not. amendable.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am inclined to think
that, the amendment ought to be adopted, or
