1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
for the regular order to enable me to offer a
resolution for consideration at this time,
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw .the call,
direct taxes in rebel states.
Mr. PAINE. I move to suspend the rules
in order that I may. introduce a resolution for
the appointment oi a select committee, and I
will state to the House that it will be impos-
sible for me to serve in any capacity upon the
committee should it be ordered. The resolu-
tion I desire to offer is as follows:
Resolved, That a select committee of five be ap-
pointed, whose duty it shall be to inquire whether
the laws of Congress enacted since the commence-
ment of the late rebellion, providing for the assess-
ment and collection of direct taxes in the late rebel
States and for the seizure and sale of forfeited and
abandoned lands and other property therein, have
been faithfully executed, and to report to this House
the results of their investigation, with the evidence
taken thereon; that said committee have power to
send for persons and papers and to employ a steno-
grapher as clerk; to hold their sessions at W ashing-
ton and such other places as shall in their judgment
be most convenient for the performance of their du-
ties; that one of the assistants of the Sergeant-at-
Arms of this House be ordered to accompany said
committee; and that the expenses of said committee
bedefrayed out of the contingent funds of this House.
Mr. BOYER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on suspending the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 28, not voting
59; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blow,
Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwell, Buckland, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cul-
lom, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Farns-
worth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Hale,
• Abner C. Harding, Hart, Henderson, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D.Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Ketcham, Koontz, Kuyken-
dall, Lanin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, "William
Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Marston, Marvin, May-
nard, McClurg, Mclndoe, McKee, McRuer, Mercur,
Moorhead, Morrill, Moulton, O'Neill, Ortn, Paine,
Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William H.
Randall, Raymond, John H. Rice, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, W elker, W entworth, Whaley, Williams, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—104,
NAYS—-Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Campbell,
Cooper, Denison, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Aaron Harding, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell, Kerr,
Lo Blond, Lcftwich, Marshall, Niblack, Nicholson,
Noell, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Shanklin,
Sitgreaves, Strouse, Taber, Thornton, and Andrew
H. Ward—28.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Beaman,
Blaine, Broomall, Bundy, Chanler, Culver, Darling,
Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Donnelly, Dumont,
Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Goodyear, Griswold,
Harris, Hawkins, Hayes, Higby, Hise, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, John-
son, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Lynch, McCullough,
Miller, Morris, Myers, Newell, Phelps, Plants, Rad-
ford, Alexander H. Rice, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau,
Shellabarger, Starr, Stilwell, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Nelson Taylor, John L. Thomas, Trimble, Robert
T. Van Horn, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Winfield, and Wright—59.
So two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive the rules were suspended.
Mr. PAINE. I now offer the resolution I
have read, and upon it I call the previous
question.
Mr. HALE. Does the resolution provide
for the appointment of a stenographer and a
clerk? .
Mr. PAINE. No sir j of a stenographer as
clerk.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
peace in south america.
' Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported
the following preamble and resolution; which
were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas wars destructive of commerce and in-
jurious and prejudicial to republican institutions
have for somo time been carried on between Spain
and several of the South American States on the
Pacific coast, and also between Paraguay and Brazil,
Uraguay and the Argentine Republic, on the Atlantic
coast: Now, therefore,
Resolved, That it be, and is hereby, recommended
to the executive department of the Government that
the friendly offices of this Government, if practicable,
be offered for the promotion of peace and harmony
in South America.
revolution in candia*.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, also
submitted the following resolution j which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Beeolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House, if deemed
compatible with the public interest, a copy of any
official correspondence which may have taken place
relative to the revolution now in progress in the
island of Candia, a possession of the Ottoman Porte.
representation ow georgia.
Mr. ROGERS presented the credentials of
E. G. Cabannis, claiming a seat as a Represent-
ative from the fourth district of Georgia; which
were referred under the rule to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction.
damages from morgan's raid.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to inform this House whether any claims have been
presented to the quartermaster of the United States
by citizens of the State of Indiana, for horses or other
property seized or received by the Government of the
United States during the raid of John Morgan through
said State in the month of July, 1863, for the purpose
of suppressing said raid and for the pursuit and cap-
ture of said Morgan; what number of horses were
thereseized, and what amount in value of other prop-
erty for which such claims have been made; whether
such claims have been paid, and if not, why not.
a. p. faust.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered,' and agreed to:
Resolved; That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be requested to inquire into the expediency
of granting to A. P. Faust the pension claimed by
him as per his memorial and papers on file in the
Clerk's office.
■ president's message.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois, moved that
the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole,
on the state of the Union and proceed to the
consideration of the President's annual mes-
sage.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Welker in the chain) and proceeded to the
consideration of the President's annual mes-
sage, on which Mr. Hise was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HISE. Mr. Chairman, I propose to
discuss that portion of the President's message
which has relation to the question of depriving
ten States that passed ordinances of secession
of their right to representation in this House
and in the Senate of the United States. I
propose, in the first place, to treat the subject
as a constitutional question. I propose, next,
to discuss the question as one of expediency;
and in the last place, I desire to make an appeal
to the justice and generosity of the House.
This question necessarily involves a consid-
eration of the nature and the powers of the
Government created by the Constitution of the
United States. That the Government of the
United States has no valid authority or exist-
ence except by virtue of the Constitution of the
United States as ratified by therespective States
is a proposition in reference to which, I believe,
there is no difference of opinion. The Govern-
ment in its legislative and every other depart-
ment acts solely under the authority of the
Constitution, deriving from that instrument all
the power which it can rightfully exercise. On
this question, I imagine, there is no division
of sentiment among the members of this House.
The next inquiry, then, which arises is with
reference to the nature of the Government thus
constituted and the extent of its powers. Upon
this question there have been from the very
origin of the Government two political schools,
one taking the ground that the Constitution was
ordained by the people of the United States in
their collective capacity as one sovereign polit-
ical community; that thus was created' a na-
tional Govemmentwith paramount and supremo
authority in all cases in which it may assume
jurisdiction, and that the States are mere sub-
ordinate sub-divisions of one sovereign nation
and have individually no attribute of sover-
eignty. The other school, to which I belong
and have ever belonged, holds that the Union
created by the Constitution is merely a com-
monwealth of independent sovereign States;
that the Constitution is an emanation of State
authority, having been ordained by sovereign
and independent States, each acting in its sep-
arate, sovereign capacity; thatall governmental
power resided with the original thirteen States
as independent sovereignties; that when .the
dominion of the British Crown had been thrown
off each State became invested with the powers
of an independent nation ; that each State sep-
arately became endowed, in the language of
the Declaration of Independence, with "full
power to levy war, conclude peace, contract
alliances, establish commerce, and to do all
other acts and things which independent States
may of right do."
Those thirteen States had all the character-
istics of independent States. Each State was
perfectly independent in its political organiza-
tion. Each had its Governor, its Legislature,
its judges, among whom were distributed all
the necessary functions and powers of govern-
ment. Between the period of the Declaration
of Independence and the adoption of the Arti-
cles of Confederation, an interval of two years,
each State was not only sovereign and inde-
pendent, but perfect in its distinct political
organization and unrestricted in the exercise
of governmental power.
Those States were, even as colonies, inde-
pendent each of the others. Each had its sep-
arate starter and exercised its separate juris-
diction. The acts of each of the colonial
governments were limited in force and valid-
ity to the respective boundaries of each colony.
I now remember no binding connection of any
sort existing between those Colonies prior to
the- adoption of the Articles of Confederation,
except that previous to the Declaration of In-
dependence they were under a common execu-
tive head, the Crown of Great Britain.
The thirteen original States, as independent
sovereign communities, entered into that treaty
embodied in the Articles of Confederation,
which, by its own language was denominated
"a firm league of friendship with each other
for their common defense, the security of their
liberties, and theirmutual and general welfare,
binding themselves to assist each other against
all force offered to, or attacks made upon them,
or any of them, on account of religion, sover-
eignty, trade, or any other pretense whatever."
It was not the purpose of that compact or alli-
ance to consolidate those States under one
common government. Nor did the States in
adopting those Articles of Confederation sur-
render any portion of their sovereignty or inde-
pendence. ■ It was expressly declared that
" each State retains its sovereignty, freedom,
and independence."
The war of the Revolution closed, and the
States, the independent, sovereign States, upon
the advice of wise and able men still continued
their connection for the same grand purpose of
protection and defense against foreign aggres-
sion ; and they did adopt and make binding for
all time to come the Constitution of the United
States as it now appears, with some amend-
ments adopted since.
And the ground T now plant myself upon
impregnably is that the Constitution creates
merely a commonwealth of States which pre-
viously to that time were sovereign and inde-
pendent to all intents and purposes. _ It is like-
wise manifestly true from an examination of
the document itself, as well as from contem-
poraneous political history, that all these State3
