1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
pose the present rate. That is so; but that
rate was adopted in the midst of war, at a time
when we were necessarily compelled to get
money from any source whatever.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We are in the same
condition now;
Mr. HENDERSON. Why, sir, the tariff
yielded $170,000,000 last year, and has yielded
enough to justify an expectation of $200,000,
000 this year so far as the year has elapsed ;
and there is $90,000,000 in the Treasury now
in gold.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state one reason
that influenced my mind in assenting to the
present duty upon tea. Every body admits that
a very large amount of revenue must be raised
in the United States to meet the demands of
the Government. It appears to me that the
most direct and economical way of raising that
revenue is to impose it upon tea and coffee and
articles of that description. Teas are not ne-
cessaries of life, although they are very com-
monly used; and an impost tax upon tea will
be paid more readily and with less complaint
than almost any other tax. The course that
should be pursued, as it seems to me, in refer-
ence to taxation, is to raise as much as possible
by a revenue upon imports and, if practicable,
to reduce the amount of internal taxes. Now,
if this tariff is left in the condition that it was
reported by the committee, when it becomes
necessary to consider the tax upon the internal
resources of the country t hat can be so arranged
as to accommodate itself to this tariff, and it
will be much more satisfactory to the people,
in my judgment, to remove the internal tax as
far as possible, and continue the present tax
upon tea and coffee, because they can pay this
tax without feeling the burden as much as they
do when they are required to pay the direct
taxes that are imposed upon the business of
the country. I think it is better, therefore, to
retain this duty, and if it is necessary to relieve
the people, relieve them by removing internal
revenue taxes.
Mr. FOWLER. One remark in reply to
that. I cannot see the difference between
paying taxes going to market and paying taxes
coming from it. I do not see any advantage
in taking the internal revenue off and putting
the same burdens on to the custom-house.
One has to be paid in gold and the other in
currency. The customs duty is paid in gold
and the Treasury has the opportunity of sell-
ing surplus gold and paying somebody for sell-
ing gold and getting currency. We have an
enormous amount of gold on hand—more than
is necessary, and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is authorized to sell gold and regulate our
currency. I prefer reducing the amount of
revenue to that which is necessary and no
more. I think we shall get much more than
is requisite for our purpose. There is no prob-
ability there will be such an immense felling
off as from S200,000,000 to $145,000,000, the
amount estimated by the Secretary of the'Treas-
ury as necessary.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, one prop-
osition is certainly undeniable, and that is
that there might and ought to be a. large re-
duction of taxation either of duties on foreign
imports or of internal taxes. If a proposition
to reduce internal taxes would operate as ex-
tensively and as impartially upon the people
of the U nited States as a proposition to reduce
taxes upon foreign imports it would be as
broad as it was long, and it would be as advan-
tageous to reduce upon the one class of taxa-
tion as upon the other. But the proposition
now is, as it was in the preceding amendment,
to reduce taxes upon the importation of articles
that are introduced from foreign countries and
are not produced by ourselves at all. Is it
proper? If we are to begin the system of the
reduction of taxes we ought to begin to oper-
ate as extensively, as equally, and as im-
partially upon all the people as possible, in
relation to the proposition, then, of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, to reduce the tax upon
coffee, what reduction of tax could operate so
extensively and. so impartially on the people
of the United States as that? What other re-
duction of taxation upon any subject could
operate with anything like approximate gen-
erality, equality, and impartiality as the re-
duction of the duty upon teas? These are
articles of prime necessity and of universal
use. that are not luxuries, that are not even
comfort3, but that arc the necessaries of lifo
and essential to the comfort of the great mass
of the American people. When there is a
proposition to reduce taxes upon such articles
what can be a better subject of equal, even,
and impartial reduction of taxation to all the
people? The idea that it is more simple and
more easy to collect upon tea and coffee than
it is upon the silks or any articles of internal
taxation is preposterous. It is just as easy
to collect taxes upon any subject of internal
taxation as it is upon tea and coffee?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is it as easy to collect
the tax upon whisky?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly it is, if you reduce
that tax to anything like a reasonable amount.
Reduce tho tax from two dollars to one dollar
a gallon upon whisky and you will collect more
revenue, and you will not have one tithe of the
perjuries, one tithe of tho frauds that are now
practiced every day. Here are certain essen-
tial, stable, necessary articles entering into the
consumption of the entire people of the United
States. They are not produced in our country
at all. Their production and importation do
not come into competition with domestic labor.
They are not produced in any degree in our own
country; and yet they are articles of such gen-
eral, absolute use, so necessary to human sub-
sistence and human comfort,, and so generally
and almost universally used by our people
that a reduction upon no subjects of taxation
can operate so impartially, so justly, and so
equally as upon these. Then why should the
Senate hesitate a moment to reduce the tax
upon tea from twenty-live to fifteen cents and
on coffee from five cents to two and a half or
three cents? Why should there be any hesita-
tion to adopt the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri? 1 do hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. McDOUGALL. In the country where
I reside we are growing tea now, and wo are
producing coffee, and it is supposed to be as
fine a tea and as fine a coffee laud as there is
in the world, Java not excepted. Now, we do
not ask protection for it. We do not ask pro-
tection for the tea and coffee grown in Califor-
nia and Arizona and Sonora, the countries we
intend to occupy.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 15, nays 21; as follows:
YE AS—Mewi. Buekalow, Chandler, Conness, Pa-
vis. Doolittle, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Jlcnri-
ricks. Ivirkwood.Lane, Patterson, ltamsey, Trumbull,
aINAYS—Messrs. Cattoll, Cowan, Cragin, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Fork, Foster, I'relinghuvsen, Harris,
Howard, Howe, Johnson, McDousall, Morpran, Mor-
rill Poland, Sherman, bprasuo, Stewart, \ an VV in-
kle, Wndo, Willcy, Williams, and Wilson—"!,
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Ureiwcll,
Dixon, Gutlirio, Nesmith, Norton, Kye, Pomoroy,
Kiddle, ltoss, Saulsbury, and Sumner—13.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
bill on page 2 by striking out of line eighteen
of the first section the word "three" and in-
serting " two so as to read : *
On all su^nr not above Xo. 12, Dutch standard in
color, two cents per pound.
In looking at tho table of importations for
18G5, I find that of this description of sugar
we received 510,475,697 pounds, at a gross
value of $21,395,012, so that the article cost
in the foreign market four and one tenth cents
per pound, and the duty upon it is three cents,
which is a tax of seventy-three and one sixth per
cent.—a much larger duty than is imposed upon
any article of silk manufacture that comes into
the ports of this country, and half as much as
there is on salt.
I find that of the article of sugar from No.
12 to No. 15 Dutch standard, there came into
this country seventy-live million pounds at a
gross value of $3,000,000, costing four and one
seventh cents per pound. The duty is three
and a half cents, which is eighty-four per cent.
ad valorem upon this article. Of sugar No.
15 to 20 Dutch standard, there came into this
country 12,741,808 pounds, at a valuation of
$659,582, or five and one sixth cents per pound,
and the duty is four cents, which is seventy-
seven and one tenth per cent, upon the article.
Of sugar about No. 20 Dutch standard, there
came into this country 918,315 pounds at an
aggregate valuation of $59,996—making six
and a half cents a pound, foreign value. Upon
that we impose a duty of five cents per pound,
or seventy-seven per ccnt.
Now, 1 ajipeal to Senators to know whether
this policy is to bo carried out, whether it is
designed to increase the duty upon manufac-
tured articles, almost to a prohibitory extent,
and then force us to pay on necessary articles
all that may be required to pay the interest of
the public debt; and after this bill shall have
been passed then reduce the internal taxation
upon manufactured goods? Is that the pur-
pose? Why not openly proclaim it now, and
let us put on duty enough at once, and let it
all stand in the name of tariff ; let it stand and
be known as a bounty to that interest ? If the
purpose is to make the absoluto necessaries of
life pay tho interest upon the public debt, and
to impose prohibitory duties upon articles which
may be manufactured in this country, and then
to reduce live per cent, internal revenue upon
manufactured articles, I believe the people
will sooner or later ascertain what this tariff
bill means.
I have desired to move some amendments,
and I hope that some will be adopted, but
from the purpose manifested by the Senate
now 1 have no idea that it will be done. Al-
though I dislike as much as anybody to differ
with a majority of those gentlemen with whom
I act politically here, I shall be pardoned for
suggesting to them that the majority ol the
western people arc not in favor of any such
duties. That is tho general policy of this bill.
1 do not know what the committee of confer-
once may do, but 1 apprehend from the pur-
pose manifested and from tho indications of
the purpose which are apparent, that inasmuch
as there must be a reduction of taxation, it
will bo made entirely in tho internal revenue
after the passage of this tariff bill. Mr. Presi-
dent, it ought to be known by the people of
this country, and it will be known, that the
articles of absolute necessity are the articles
having the highest ail valorem duty in the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope this proposition
will not bo entertained. When you come to
sugars the argument used as to tea and coffee
does not apply. The fact is that the duty on
sugar is one of the leading stays of tho revenue.
We get about twenty-eight millions of revenue,
I think, from sugars.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not quite that.
Mr. FFSSENDEN. Very nearly. Then
there arc various considerations connected with
the subject. In the first place, a duty is laid
upon the cheap sugars to protect and encourage
the raising and manufacture of sugar in the
sugar-producing regions of this country, in the
South, where at one time it was a very con-
siderable interest and 1 hope will be again. It
has been my wish—and other gentlemen have
agreed with mo that it would be no more than
right—to lake off the internal tax on sugar for
the sake of encouraging its production and
manufacture at the South; and a duty on low-
priced foreign sugars is necessary for the same
purpose.
It is necessary for another purpose. There
is a very large amount of capital invested in
the manufacture of chcap sugars out of molas-
ses ; and if you change this duty yon will have
to make changes in many other particulars, and
there is great danger of destroying that interest.
Then, with regard to the duties on the higher
grades : they are already so low that wo have
been applied t.o very strongly on the part of
the New York refiners to raise the duties on
those sugars for the reason that they say there
