1598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
of the civil service in the navy-yards. I have
from time to time received information from
men employed in these yards of the system
established therein, a system of hush-money
and corruption for appropriating secretly and
dishonestly, not only of the materials furnished
for the equipment of our fleet and for the work
in the yards, but even appropriating the labor
of the humblest laborers to do the private jobs
of these superintendents under compulsion.
That, sir, is the established system throughout
this country, and every gentleman who has
examined into the subject must be aware of
that fact.
I do not expect, in the face of the organiza-
tion established in this House, to strike out
this clause, but I do hope to awaken the atten-
tion of the country to that very sleepy influence
which is excited over the equipment of the.
Navy by the Secretary of the Navy. That gen-
tleman's apparent indifference to the develop-
ment of improper practices among subordin-
ates of that Department in which he is to a
great extent responsible for all that is done is
not only charming but philosophical. I respect
that bland and patient adherence to duty which
does not see the shortcomings of inferiors. It
reminds one of Neptune slumbering amid a
storm. The Secretary of the Navy, with a
sublime smile upon his face, sits in the Sleepy
Hollow of his office, like the own brother of
Jupiter Ridens, looking over, or rather over-
looking, a system of corruption throughout this
country, with a blessed somnolence unequaled
in the annals of any department on earth or
in Olympus. Why, sir, the gentleman from
Brooklyn has to look to it how the different
machinists and the men in the civil employ-
ment in this Department are going to act in
the election when there is to be an election for
Representative to Congress from his district.
When they want to elect a sheriff in Brooklyn
they sometimes take a popular carpenter in the
yard. That has been done within my own
experience, and wherever political machinery
can be brought to bear on the minds and senti-
ments of the voters employed in the yard it is
done without the least regard to the welfare of
the Navy.
It is done simply for the purpose of filling
this House with right-minded men, men who
are such admirable navigators that they can
steer their way successfully among all the rocks,
Bhoals, and quicksands of the political current,
so they may reach this haven of their political
aspiration. That is the object of this superin-
tendent of the civil bureau of construction and
equipment as recorded by the votes of the
creatures of those superintendents.
So long as we here are indifferent to this
corruption, so long will the people of this
country hold in disrespect and disregard these
Government establishments at the different
navy-yards ; and you will find that the active,
industrious, intelligent mechanic will be the
last man to apply for an appointment in any
of our navy-yards. He knows that he receives
a certain taint and that his manhood will
undergo some degree of suppression the mo-
ment he is enrolled upon this civil list in these
yards. He must go through a system of cor-
ruption, the stain of which will attach tQ him
when he leaves the yard, and for the purpose
of maintaining his reputation the best class
workmen will keep away from the yard, and
the consequence is, and the fact has become
proverbial all over the country, that the
largest pay is given by the Government for the
smallest and worst work in the Government
yards.
Now, sir, while I am on this subject I would
refer to the necessity both for the workmen and
for the community where those yards are es-
tablished of removing them from the neighbor-
hood of our great cities. I think the move-
ment in reference to League Island was in the
right direction. The further you can get these
public works from the great cities and still
keep them within accessible distance for the
working class the better for the people and for
the Government. They should be located
where the men can be kept engaged in the
active employment of their various occupa-
tions for the benefit of the Government and
not be retained as jJolitical pack-hounds to
hunt at the cry and bugle of certain political
leaders, and it would be desirable if we could
! organize these public works in such away that
! any master workman, or any superintendent
j connected with these navy-yards who shall dare
I directly or indirectly to endeavor to affect the
| vote of a single citizen shall be on proof imme-
j diately discharged from his position,
j Mr. STEVENS. All I can say in reply to
I the gentleman from New York [Mr. Chan'i.kr]
; is that these officers exist now by authority of
law; and the only way to get rid of making
appropriations for them I think is to repeal
! the law; and that we do not propose to do.
! I have not time, at this stage of the session,
to enable me to go into much discussion of this
subject. I therefore move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate on this
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to the order
of the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 1167, making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1868, and had directed
him. to report that they had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when this House
again resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole upon the special order all general de-
bate be closed in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being House
bill No. 1176, making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30,1868.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Chani.er, to amend the bill by striking
out the following:
Bureau of Construction and Repair:
For pay of superintendents and the civil establish-
ment at the several nary-yards under this bureau,
$63,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move pro forma to
amend by striking out the last word in the
clause last read. I make this motion for the
purpose of inquiring of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations why the appro-
priation for preparing tor publication the Amer-
ican Nautical Almanac has been reduced from
$25,000, at which sum it has stood for a great
many years, to $15,000, almost one half. Has
there been any change made in the manner
of preparing that work, so as to reduce the
expense?
Mr. STEVENS. There was so much oppo-
sition to this item that the committee thought
they would reduce it to the lowest possible
sum.
Mr. MAYNARD. Was it reduced upon con-
ference with the Bureau of Navigation having
charge of this subject, or was it done by the
committee upon their own responsibility?
Mr. STEVENS. It was done by the com-
mittee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my pro forma
amendment, and move, if I can have permis-
sion to do so, to go back and amend the item to
which I have referred by increasing the amount
to $25,000.
The CHAIRMAN. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we cannot agree
to that.
The Clerk read the following:
For repairs of barracks, and rent of offices where
there are no public buildings, 815,000.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend by inserting after the clause just read
the following:
For rebuilding one wing of the Marine barracks at
Washington, District of Columbia, 805,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. This is a very large sum.
I should suppose that if this expenditure had
been at all proper the committee would have
recommended it.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Since the bill
came in, my attention has been called to the
dilapidated condition of the Marine barracks
connected with the navy-yard at this city, and
the absolute necessity for some imprpved ac-
commodation, not only for the convenience
and comfort, but for the health of the marines
stationed at this place. It would require some
one hundred and thirty-eight thousand dollars
to put these barracks in entire repair, and to
extend them on a scale that will probably be
required to meet the future wants of this branch
of the service. I hold in my hand letters from
the chief medical officer in charge of these
barracks, and also from the quartermaster, set-
ting forth in detail the necessity for this improve-
ment. If gentlemen desire to hear these letters
they can be read.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move pro forma to
amend the amendment by reducing the amount
from 865,000 to $60,000.
Mr. Chairman, I do not know where all this
money is to come from. The tax bill which
we have lately had under consideration will
diminish our revenues for the coming year,
and our appropriation bills, I should judge,
are larger than they have ever been before.
Now, when.these appropriation bills come
along, I begin to understand what this House
meant the other day when it agreed to issue
$100,000,000 additional greenbacks. Our taxes
are to be lessened, our expenses enlarged, and
the deficiency is to be made up by a new issue
of legal-tender notes.
Mr. O'NEILL. When the gentleman speaks
of those S100,000,000 of greenbacks, does he
recollect what is to be done with the compound-
interest notes to the same amount?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I recollect all about the
compound-interest notes. I am not particu-
larly condemning the policy which the gentle-
man supports. I suppose that we can pay all
our debts 
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise
to a question of order, and submit that com-
pouud-interest notes have nothing to do with
this discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does the Chair hold that
in order to show that we should not make an
appropriation of $65,000 at this time, I am
not to be permitted to refer to our diminishing
revenue from taxes and our increasing ex-
penses to show that we may not have the
means of paying these large appropriations?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not so
held. The Chair sustained the point of order
raised by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Randall.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I was jnst going to say
that I do not particularly censure the course
of my colleague upon the $100,000.00(1 bill.
I suppose that if we pay off all our indebted-
ness in legal-tender notes and abolish all the
taxes the country would get along a gre:tt deal
better : but inasmuch as I presume that policy
will not be entered upon at present, and inas-
much as we have already determined rerv prop-
erly to reduce the taxes. I think we "should
endeavor in some way to curtail our expenses.
Mr. L\NCH. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether he proposes to
increase our revenue by paying the banks
$5,000,000 of gratuity for holding our bonds?
Mr. SCOFIELD. No. sir : I will vote to
pay them in ''greenbacks," aid I do not know
