158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
trious men of the age in which they lived,
minds that have not been excelled since, if
they have been equaled, were the authors and
projectors of your great charter, the Consti-
tution of the United States; and now after
those States have given you their lands you
thrust them outside the Union and attempt to
govern them as territories, and in order that
your oppressive rule may be maintained over
them without opposition or hindrance you
deny them representation in Congress. What
monstrous injustice; what gross violation of
all the doctnnes and principles which per*
tain to' free government in any country 1
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman having
answered that question, if he will allow me, I
will propound a third.
Mr. HISE. I do not wish to be drawn off
by answering the gentleman's questions. Sup-
pose you can govern people on the public do-
main. All the public domain that was ceded
to the Government of the United States by
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and
Georgia has been peopled and received into
the Union of the States under the authority of
the provisions of the Constitution. Their land
has been taken up, occupied, and formed into
comihunities and those communities have been
received into the Union ; and now before the
Government is ninety years old, you turn around
and deny these people, who through their Rep-
resentatives in the Federal Convention were
the authors of the Constitution itself, their just
representation, and at the same time you are
continually discriminating against them and in
favor of the North in all your legislation. Is
it just? Is it constitutional ?
You never owned the territory out of which
those States were formed—I mean Virginia,
the Carolinas, and Georgia. It is true the
lands northwest of the Ohio- formerly owned
by Virginia were ceded to you by that State,
and five States have since been formed out of
it and admitted into the Union, and these very
States have here a representation which, in con-
nection with the rest of the northern States, are
denying to their mother—'' the mother of States
as well as of statesmen"—her just representa-
tion upon this floor, and are controlling her by
the most oppressive legislation.
Sir, you have no foundation upon which to
rest in instituting territorial governments over
these people. Yon fiever had title to these
lands. You had title to the lands out of which
certain other States were formed. Florida was
ceded to the United States by Spain. Louisi-
ana was ceded to the United States by France.
You governed them as Territories before they
were admitted into the Union as Stated You
instituted governments, it is true, for other Ter-
ritories, but never in a case where you did not
own the land can you rightfully institute terri-
torial governments over the people. Where
is the authority to convert these States into
Territories? Because that is your purpose,
«,nd in carrying out that purpose you betray
the consciousness that as States they should
be represented.
You say they are not States of the Union. I
say they are. It is an axiomatic truth. It can
easily be denied, and it is difficult to prove it.
It is proven by the very statement of the case.
I say that they are States, and to deny them
representation as such in the Senate and House
of Representatives is to deprive them of their
constitutional rights. And in doing so the
House and Senate are continually amenable to
the charge of grossly violating the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. DRIGGS. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HISE. Certainly,
Mr. DRIGGS. Does the gentleman hold
that they were States three years ago?
Mr. HISE. Yes, sir, I do. I hold that
"once a State always a State." And here I
do not mean to be misunderstood. I have
always and under all circumstances been op-
posed to any attempt upon the part of any
portion of the States to sever their connection
with the other States. I have always insisted
that such an attempt was wrong in theory and
most inexpedient and injudicious in practice.
Instead of ever favoring the severance of the
States I have been, from the very earliest
period of my political existence, ever since
I had any knowledge of the character and
framework of our institutions and Govern-
ment, opposed to any severance of the States.
I have looked forward hopefully to the period
when this Government, qualified and limited
as it is, with all its guarantees and rights,
should be extended over the whole continent
of North America, from the Gulf of Mexico
to the Arctic ocean, from the Atlantic to the
Pacific; when the whole continent, divided
into States, would be members of our Con-
federacy and all united together.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a single question ?
Mr. HISE. Certainly.
Mr. HILL. I would ask the gentleman if
he thinks that during the rebellion, say at the
time of the battle of Stone River, Virginia, for
instance, was entitled to representation here ?
Mr. HISE. I will tell the gentleman what
I think of the right of representation of States
that were in insurrection or rebellion. Or
rather not the States, because the idea of a
State rebelling, a State committing treason or
being guilty of an offense and subject to indict-
ment, prosecution, trial, and punishment, is an
absurdity. You eannot look upon the condi-
tion of things that(existed in this country dur-
ing the war in any other light than that there
were bodies of armed men in those States
which for the time being controlled them.
But they did not destroy the existence of the
States; they did not destroy their political
governmental organizations as States ; but for
the time being the interposition of force pre-
vented the extension of the authority of the
Government over them, and their power of
availing themselves of their right to be repre-
sented in Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. THAYER obtained the floor.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] will
yield to allow me to move that the time of
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hise] be
extended ?
Mr. THAYER. Certainly.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I then make that
motion, and I hope there will be no objection
to it.
No objection was made.
Mr. HISE. I thank the committee for the
courtesy it has extended to me. I have no
experience as a legislator; I have never served
in Congress before; I have been sent here very
much against my own inclination. While absent
from my district I was presented to the people
as a candidate to succeed Hon. Mr. Grider,
my predecessor, and much against my desire
I was elected. Being therefore a new member,
although an old man, I ask the indulgence of
the committee to go on—not now—and con-
clude my remarks. I do not expect ever to
be here again, therefore I want to be heard,
and I know that I shall have no other oppor-
tunity except in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will yield,
I will move that the committee rise, and the
gentleman can have the floor when the com-
mittee shall sit again.
Mr. HISE. I am obliged to the gentleman,
and will yield for that purpose.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Welker reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union having had under consideration
the President's annual message had come to
no resolution thereon.
LEAVE OS ABSENCB.
Mr. McRUER asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Higbt, for the
remainder of this week.
Mr. BERGEN asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Goodteab,
until the 15th of January next.
NEW ORLEANS KIOTS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has received a
telegram from Mr. McCullough, appointed
to fill a vacancy upon the select committee to
investigate the riots in New Orleans, stating
that he will be unable to go. If no objection
be made he will be considered as excused,
and the Chair will appoint to fill the vacancy
Mr. Charles DENiso>f, of Pennsylvania.
No objection was made.
And then, on motion of Mr. HENDER-
SON, (at four o'clock p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, <fcc., were presented under
therule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Charles H.
foster, of North Carolina, praying the disbandment
of the North Carolina militia.
Also, a petition of the people of Louisiana, praying
for national aid to repair and reconstruct the State
'CBy Mr. ALLISON: The petition of D. S. Eldridge,
and 349 others, citizens of Iowa, for impeachment of
the President.
By Mr. BIDWELL: The petition of the Califor-
nia Volunteers' Union," asking for relief.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of Major Gen-
eral Hancock, and others, officers of the United States
Army, asking increased pay.
By Mr. COBB: A petition of citizens of Crawford
county, Wisconsin, for improvement of water com-
munications between the Mississippi river aud the
Atlantic sea-board.
By Mr. CONKLING: The petition of Troy and
Boston Railroad Company, asking a redaction of duty
on imported railroad iron. _ _
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of G. D. Philbrick,
and 82 others, of Tuscola county, Michigan, asking
Congress to impeach the President on account of
fourteen reasons and charges made in said petition.
Also, thepetition of A. Beckert, and others, of Ala-
bama, praying Congress to impeach Andrew Johnsoa.
By Mr. HALE: Petitions of General John 0.
Robinson and others, and of General W. W. Burns
and others, officers of the United States Army, pray-
ing for increase of pay.
Also, petitions of General Henry S. Burton and
others, of General Henry Brewerton and others, of
Lieutenant A. S. B. Keyes and others, and of Lieu-
tenant B. K. Roberts and others, officers of the Uni-
ted States Army, praying for restoration of commu-
tation value of ration to fifty cents.
Also, petitions of Captain T. G. Baylor and others,
and of Major H. R. Putnam and others, officers of
the United States Army, to same effect.
Also, the petition of Levi M. Roberts, a disabled
soldier of the war of 1812, praying for increase of
pension.
Also, a memorial on behalf of the town of Queens-
bury, Warren county. New York, praying for reim-
bursement for United States Treasury notes lost at
sea by sinking of steamer Melville. ,
By Mr. HARDING, of Illinois: A memorial from
citizens of Port Byron, Illinois, relative to a post
office at that place.
Also, a memorial from cigar-makers of fourth dis-
trict, Illinois, for the repeal of laws requiring per-
mits, &a. , .
By Mr. HART: The petition of D. R. Barton, and
121 others, citizens of Rochester, New York, praying
that pensions be paid to the surviving soldiers of tho
war of 1812. _ ,
By Mr. L APLIN: The petition of Oliver Lumphry,
for the passage of an act providing that his musstor
date from the date of the reception of his commission.
By Mr. McCLURG: A petition for the relief of
Sarah Murphy, of St. Francois county, Missouri.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: A petition of clerks m the
Internal Revenue Bureau, Treasury Department,
for additional compensation.
Also, a petition signed by A. W. 1-oster, Esq., of
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, asking tliat the law relative
to the election of members of Congress be changed.
By Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky: The petition of
Patrick O.Hawes, of Kentucky, for compensation for
horses lost in the service of the united States.
By Mr. RICE, of Maine: The petition of the
board of aldermen and common council of the city
of Washington, and other citizens, for an appropria-
tion of money to build an arch across the branch trom
Pennsylvania avenue to New Jersey avenue.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of J. Winters,
late Captain United States volunteers, for relief.
Also, the petition of 8 officers of tho United States
Army, for an increase of pay.
By &r. WOODBRIDGE: The petition of Fnond
A. Brainard, of Vermont, for the return of commu-
tation money, with accompanying papers.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
The following notices for leave to introduce bills
were g#ven under the rule: .
By Mr. SPALDING: A bill to exempt ship-timber
and tire-wood imported from the British Provinces
from tariffduties under eortain circumstances.
Also, a bill to abolish tonnage consular fees in cer-
tain cases.
