922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
is a new process by which these sugars, with-
out being refined, come so near it that they are
in danger of being broken up. We did not
change the sugar duties. The House Commit-
tee of Ways and Means examined the subject
with great care, and the House adhered to the
duties as they stand. We e^aihined the mat-
ter with care, and rejected all applications to
raise the duties on sugars and agreed to let
them stand as they are. I hope the Senate
will not change them, for I assure them they
cannot interfere with the duties on sugar with-
out seriously endangering the revenue of the
country.
Mr. DAVIS. If I recollect aright, for a
series of years the duties upon coffees and teas
were n >tbing or merely nominal; and why was
it so ? The considerations were two : first, be-
cause these articles were not produced in our
country, and to tax them was not necessary to
protect American industry; and secondly, they
were articles of general, universal consump-
tion, and they were consumed in as large or a
larger degree by the laborers, the poor, as by
the rich. It was for the purpose, then, of let-
ting in free and reducing to the lowest possible
price what was necessary to pay for these arti-
'cles of general use, of universal necessity, that
did not come into conflict with any American
industry or product, that that system was estab-
lished. If that system was wise and statesman-
like and necessary in former years, it is more so
now. The great mass of the people, the con-
sumers, tho laborers, who are the real bone
and sinew of the qountry, and upon whom rest
its progress and its prosperity and wealth, are
the population who were intended to be and
were relieved by that system of legislation.
They are entitled to and require more relief
in that direction now than formerly, because
their industry is not rewarded now with the
same certainty nor with an equal amount of
profit that it was formerly. They are taxed
now in such a variety of forms and to such an
amount that they have no profits upon their
labor in most cases.
I conceive that this term tariff has the signif-
icance intimated by the Senator from Mis-
souri ; it is not intended to protect the laborer,
the consumer ; it is intended to protect capi-
tal and manufacturing companies and aggre-
gated wealth, and to multiply the already enor-
mous accumulations of wealth in the hands of
the few, I think with the honorable Senator
from Missouri that the people of the country
will wake up before long to this system of
legislation.
If it was possible to establish infallibly the
principle that every man of the community
should pay taxes according to his ability, it
would bo the just rule. The principles upon
which this bill was framed seem to be in hos-
tility to that general and equitable principle;
the great mass of taxation is made to fall upon
the laboring classes of the people, those who
have the least surplus and the least means to
meet the burden ; and those who have the most
and who are reveling in wealth and who are
aggregating from day to day princely fortunes,
are comparatively exempt from the burden,
and it is left to fall with all its grinding force
ugon the laborers, the great consuming classes
of the country. I hope that this amendment
will prevail.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have in my hands
the report of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and the Senator from Maine will see
from that report that if he relies upon the man-
ufacture of sugar from the sugar-cane in this
country to supply its wants he relies upon a
broken stick.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not say we did
ir^ this country, except what we propose to
raise down South. I know there is very little
raised now, but we hope to improve.
Mr. .HENDERSON. The Senator is as well
aware of the fact as I am that no sugar can be
produced in the State of Louisiana next year,
and that is really our only sugar-producing
State. It is as impossible to do it as it was
last year. It cannot be done. The levees
have not been built. There was a proposition
here at the last session, I believe, to levee the
Mississippi so as to protect th& sugar lands of
that country; but it was not done, and the
State of Louisiana has not been able to nego-
tiate her bonds. Prom the vast amount of
snow that has fallen on the upper waters of the
Missouri and Mississippi we know that the
lower Mississippi will next spring and summer
be probably higher than has been known for
years. The snows now are from eighteen
inches to five and six feet upon the head-
waters of both these streams, and the most
certain fact is that the entire country will be
flooded. As to growing any sugar-cane in
Louisiana next summer, it is wholly out of the
question; nobody calculates upon any such
thing who knows anything about that country.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Missouri one question connected
with that argument. Supposing that Louisiana
shall produce sugar, do you propose to tax the
other States from seventy to eighty-five per
cent, to pay the planters of Louisiana for the
small amount of sugar they raise there?
Mr. HENDERSON. I was not so arguing.
I was answering the Senator from Maine, who,
I understood, contended that it was necessary
to protect the home manufacturer of this article.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Protect and encourage.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now, Mr. President,
let us look at the internal revenue figures. On
sugar not above No. 12, Dutch standard, pro-
duced from the sugar-cane, the amount of reve-
nue paid into the Treasury last year from the
State of Louisiana was $205,629 28; from the
State of Georgia, $85 33; from the State of
Massachusetts, §315; from the State of New
Jersey, $200; from the State of New York,
$500; and from the State of Texas, $754. The
whole bulk of it comes from Louisiana, and the
aggregate was $207,000. On sugar above No.
12 and below No. 18, Dutch standard, the
State of Louisiana gave us $215,000, and the
other States in about the same proportion as
before, little or nothing. Upon sugar above
No. 18, Dutch standard, the State of Louisiana
paid only $14,904.
Thus it will be seen that the position of the
Senator from Maine, to take off the internal
revenue taxes in order to encourage the pro-
duction of the article here, does us no good;
it does not furnish us any sugar. We got less
last year than the year before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Double from Louisi-
ana this year over last year—sixty thousand
hogsheads. Nothing in the country has in-
creased so fast comparatively as the produc-
tion of sugar.
Mr. HENDERSON. The year before last
we could not get any from Louisiana because it
was utterly impossible to get it through the
lines. If anybody brought sugar out of Louisi-
ana in 1864 he had to x'un the blockade with it.
My proposition is to reduce the tax upon the
coarse article of sugar, and I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Maine if it is not an encouragement
to the manufacturers. Does he desire to en-
courage the refining of sugar ? The sugar-
refiners in New York paid into the Treasury
last year $1,198,122 21 internal taxation, more
than all the internal revenue raised from the
manufacture of sugar in the same time by
three. What was it that they refined? It was
the coarse sugars from other countries; not our
native sugars. Then let us encourage their
manufacture. There are now a large number
of people in this country engaged in refining
sugar. A large quantity of it is refined in St.
Louis, in my State. I am not, however, look-
ing to the protection of the manufacturers in
my State. They have not clamored around my
cars ; they have not written me letters upon
the subject. I believe they are satisfied. The
sugar-refiners there do not ask me to urge the
reduction of this tax, nor do any class of manu-
facturers in my State. The iron manufacturers
of that State have said nothing to me about
having anything done for their benefit. They
do not desire an increase. They are perfectly
willing to let the tariff alone as it is ; at least
they-think it is high enough. The Senate will
find that in the State of Massachusetts this
article of refining sugar gave us over $300,000
last year. The State of Pennsylvania gave us
■$337,000 on sugar refining.
Mr. WILLIAMS._ I should "like to ask the
Senator what the tariff on sugar was then ?
Mr. HENDERSON. The. same as now. I
do not think it has been altered. I think it is
the same as it was under the previous law.
But in answer to that I will simply say to the
Senator from Oregon that I consented to these
high duties myself in the midst of a war that
absolutely seemed at the time to require that
each and every individual should divide his
property with the Government. The Senator
knows that fact. I would have voted at that
time to go in upon the farmers of my State
and taken part and parcel of their property to
put down this rebellion. But now that the re-
bellion is over is it necessary to continue these
high rates of duty upon an indispensable article
—one of necessity among the people every-
where? It is a coarse article of sugar that is
worth a little over four cents a pound. To
lessen the duty encourages the sugar-refiners,
and not only that, it gives cheap sugar to the
people. I insist that for the benefit of the
people of the western States this reduction
should be made, and it can be made without
injuring the revenue. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 26; as follows;
TEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Fowler, Grimes.
Henderson, Hendricks, Kirkwood, Lane, Patterson,
Ramsey, Trumbull, and Yates—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Ohnndjer, Conness, Cowan,
Crarin, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Foster,
Frelinghuysen, Harris, Howard, Ilovve, Johnson,
Morgan.Morrill. Poland, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—26.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Creswell,
Dixon, Guthrie, McDougall, Nesmith, Norton, Nye,
Pomeroy, Riddle, Ross, Saulsbury, and Sumner—14.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate for a moment while I offer one amend-
ment. On page 30, section seven, at the end
of line two hundred and sixty-one, I propose
to add the following:
And in addition thereto, on knives and pocket cut-
lery valued at two dollars per dozen and over, fifty
cents per dozen.
So that the clause will read:
On pocket-knives and pocket cutlery of all kinds,
fifty-five pcr-cent. ad valorem; and, in addition
thereto, on knives and pocket cutlery valued at two
dollars per dozen and over, fifty cents per dozen.
The House bill imposed the following duty
on these articles:
On pocket-knives and pocket cutlery of all kinds,
valued at not over five dollars per dozen, seventy-
five cents per dozen, and, in addition thereto, fifty
per cent, ad valorem; valued at over five dollars per
dozen, two dollars per dozen, and, in addition thereto,
fifty per cent, ad valorem.
This amendment proposes fifty cents per
dozen as a specific duty on all knives costing
two dollars per dozen and over. The House
bill proposed seventy-five cents per dozen on
all knives not costing over five dollars per
dozen, and two dollars per dozen on all knives
costing over five dollars per dozen. It is true
that by the House bill they imposed but fifty
per cent, ad valorem, and the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Finance proposes
fifty-five; but the five, per cent, ad valorem,
additional would be of course no comparison
in amount with the seventy-five cents specific
duty on all knives not costing over five dollars
per dozen, and two dollars on all knives cost-
ing over five dollars; so that the duty which I
propose on this amendment is really very much
less than the House bill.
_ _Now,_Mr. President, upon all the commod-
ities which are used by the manufacturers of
these knives, so far as there has been alteration
made, and there has been considerable, the
duties have been increased very considerably
by the Senate bill over the House, bill, while
the duties on these articles are diminished. I
submit that that is not equal and exact justice.
