1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
159
IN SENATE. :
Tuesday, December -18, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas 0., Lincoln, of Wil-
liamsport, Pennsylvania.
The Journal of yesterday t^as read and
approved. - '
committee service.
Tlie PRESIDENT' pro tempore appointed
Mr. Buckalew to fill the vacancy in the Com-
mittee on Claims occasioned by the vote of the
Senate excusing Mr. Sherman from further
service upon that committee.
credentials.
Mr. JOHNSON. I beg leave to present the
credentials of Mr. John T. Jones, elected a
Senator of the United States from the State of
Arkansas to fill the vacancy in the Senate from
that State in the term commencing on the 4th
of'March, 1865. I move that they lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a paper in the nature
of a p'etition from the Union League of Nor-
folk, in Virginia, prepared in grand council.
In this paper they solemnly protest against the
" my policy" of the accidental President of the
United States, the evils of which they say are
too numerous and cannot be longer endured by
the supporters of the Government. They pro-
test against universal amnesty in exchange for
universal suffrage, and against the enfranchise-
ment of any but loyal Union voters. They con-
clude as follows:
"We earnestly pray Congress to ignore the present
State and municipal governments of Virginia, and
establish instead a territorial government, and we
respectfully recommend Hon. Judge J. C. Under-
wood as Governor for your consideration."
This is signed by the officers of the Union
League, the president, vice president, secre-
tary, &c. I move that the paper be referred
to the joint committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of officers
of the United States Army, praying for an in-
crease of pay; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am requested to pre-
sent a petition from LouisSchade, Joseph Shil-
lington, and about forty others, naturalized citi-
zens or persons who have declared their inten-
tion to become citizens of the United States,
who, after reciting the fact of the recent passage
of the bill relating to suffrage in the District of
Columbia, state that "the Caucasian immigrant,
whose intellect, industry, and wealth have con-
tributed so much to the unparalleled progress
of this country, is just as good, enlightened, and
deserving of political privileges as the African
just emerged from a state of slavery;'' and also
that "the Caucasian immigrant, though white,
is a man, possessed of manhood, and conse-
quently entitled to manhood suffrage." They
pray that the act referred to may be amended
in such manner as to put all whites of the Cau-
casian race who are either citizens or have
declared their intention to become citizens of
the United States on an equal footing with
the negroes, and extend to them the same rights
and privileges enjoyed by the latter. I move
the reference of the petition to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I present the petition of
Charity Harlow, of Cornish, New Hampshire,
the widow of a revolutionary soldier, a pen-
sioner, _ praying that her pension of $44 22
maybe increased to $96 per annum. She rep-
resents that she is ninety-eight years of age,
entirely destitute of property, and unless this
increase be made she must go to the alms-
house. I move its reference to the Committee
on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of
Charles O'Conor, William M. Evarts, and oth-
ers, members of the New York bar, prayingfor
an increase of the salary of the United States
judge for the southern district of New York ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr.' NESMITH presented the memorial of
Major General Winfield S. Hancock and thir-
ty-six other officers of the United States Army,
praying for an increase of pay; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of. Wisconsin, praying for an appropriation for
a ship-canal around Niagara falls, and for
the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. PESSENDEN presented the petition of
clerks, messengers, and laborers in the De-
partment of State, praying for an increase of
compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. W ADE presented the petition of William
Jones, praying for compensation for the capture
and destruction of his vessel and cargo at Mo-
bile, Alabama, in March, 1861, and feu- extra
services as pilot at the southwest pass in Loui-
siana from 1862 to 1865; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I present a protest signed
by Mrs. U. S. Grant, Mrs. Captain C. V. Mor-
ris, Mrs. General O. 0. Howard, Mrs..Secre-
tary Welles, and several other ladies, directors
and managers of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Or-
phans' Home, protesting against the bill that
passed the House of Representatives a day or
two .ago establishing a new board of directors
for that institution. I move its reference to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
government op louisiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have received from
M. A. Southworth, Boyd Robinson, A. P.
Miller, John Devonshire, Simon Jones, and
Jacob Hawkins, a committee appointed by the
influential loyal voters of Louisiana for that
purpose, a memorial, which is accompanied by
a letter signed by Jacob Hawkins, the chairman
of a meeting held by loyal citizens of Louisiana,
and charged with the duty of stating the history
and objects of the memorial. With the leave
of the Senate; I will read a portion of this letter
of Mr. Hawkins. He states:
"About seventy copies, in possession of as many
gentlemen, have been scattered over the State for
signatures, and the names thus obtained have all
been attached to this document. It has been pre-
sented to nearly all of our more influential loyal cit-
izens and about one third of them have signed it, the
others being deterred from doing so by regard for
their personal interests or personal safety. The me-
morial has not been presented to ourcolored citizens
for their signatures, as it was deemed best that it
should be signed mainly by representative men. I
respectfully state that it is the strong conviction of
yourmomorialiststhat, in order that the action prayed
for may be peaceably and effectually consummated,
Congress should act immediately in this matter."
This petition is signed by J. Madison Wells,
the Governor of the State of Louisiana, W. B.
Hyman, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of Louisiana, R. K. Howell, Associate Justice,
and very many others, embracing, as is stated
in the letter of Mr. Hawkins, about one third
of the more influential and representative men
who are loyal in the State of Louisiana. The
petition sets out that the present political
organizations in Louisiana are not republican,
because a majority of the citizens of that State
are disfranchised and because they do not give
adequate and equal protection to all the citi-
zens ; and the petitioners allege that these
organizations are not loyal, "because they are
controlled by those who were engaged in and
now sympathize with the rebellion against the
Government."
"We respectfully represent (say the petitioners)
that a large majority of the voters of the State regret
the failure of the late rebellion, and now openly
approve and advocate the principles and feelings that
produced it; that the principl cs and persons of those
who remained loyal are as odious to thom now as
during the war, and that those who assisted the Gen-
eral Government in its victorious contest are now in
the condition of a vanquished party; that the mur-
ders and persecutions of loyal men are increasing in
frequency and turpitude, and that the lives, liberty,
and property of the freedmen are mainly dependent
upon the interests and caprices of the disloyal j and
that neither we nor they can obtain justice in tha
civil courts or adequate military protection."
They further say:
" We therefore respectfully, tut most earnestly,
petition yonr honorable bodies to take such action
as will supersede the present political organizations
in our State by such as will be loyal to the General
Government, and secure to the loyal people of Louis-
iana protection in their lives, liberty, and property."
The source from which this memorial ema-
nates, the important questions which it treats)
and the high character of the gentlemen who
have signed it, will excuse me, I trust, for
occupying the attention of the Senate for a few
moments before I shall move its reference to a
committee. If it be true, as alleged in thiss
memorial, that the loyal' men of the State of
Louisiana are in the condition of a vanquished
party; if their lives and liberty and property
are not safe under the political organizations
that exist, and which are in the hands of dis-
loyal men1, (and that these allegations are true,
the gentlemen who make them have the best
means of knowing,) it seems to me it is our
duty to take some action in regard to the exist-
ing state of things in the State of Louisiana. I
know we have proposed a constitutional amend-
ment for the ratification of the States in the
Union, and if it should be held that the ratifi-
cation of that amendment by three fourths of
the governing States made it valid, that would
not remedy the existing evils in the State of
Louisiana, or any other of the rebellious States
where a similar condition of things exists.
Something more would be necessary. It would
be necessary to enter those States and hurl
from power the disloyal element which controls
and governs them. Need we wait for the rati-
fication of the constitutional amendment to do
that? In my judgment we need not. I think
Congress has complete control over the whole
subject. Under the Constitution it is incum-
bent on Congress to see that there is guarantied
to each State in the Union a republican form
of government. Thib duty devolves upon us
and nobody else. The Constitution says:
"The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and properfor earryinginto
execution theforegoing powers,and all other powors
vested by this Constitution in the Governmentof the
United States or in any department or officer thereof."
What power is vested in the Government of
the United States? Another clause of this in-
strument says:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Uijion a republican form of government."
What department of this Government is
charged with the duty of carrying that power
into effect? By the terms of the instrument it
is the Congress of the United States and none
other. And even if the power were vested in
the Executive, which it is not, it would be the
duty then of Congress to pass the necessary
laws for his carrying it- into effect. But, sir, it
is not simply under this clause of the Constitu-
tion that the Congress has complete jurisdic-
tion over this whole subject; there are other
clauses. The Constitution declares that the
Congress of the United States shall have power
"to declare war" and " make rules concerning
captures on land and water," "to define and
punish offenses against the law of nations."
And what was this rebellion but an offense
against the law of nations? "To raise and
support armies and make rules for their gov-
ernment and regulationand also by force of
arms to put down insurrection under these war
powers, vested by express terms of the Con-
stitution itself in the Congress of the United
States. Congress has complete jurisdiction
over this whole subject, and the rebellions States
and the people of those States are in the con-
dition oi any other people who have wickedly
and causelessly undertaken to rebel against a
good and just Government and failed in the
undertaking.
What, sir, is the condition of the people in
these rebellious States ? How came they in the
condition they are in? They undertook, not
as individuals but as States, through their State
organizations, to disrupt this Government and
