160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December 18,
set up a government independent of the Gov-
ernment <>f the United States and in hostility to
it.. They overthrow the State governments which
were in existence, which constituted the only
link between them as States and the Federal
Government. There is no other way by which
a State, as such, has any connection with the
Federal Government, except through a State
.organization; and: the Federal Government
has no connection with a State, either in its
representation or in any other way, except
through a State organization in harmony with
the Federal Government. These rebellious
States," Louisiana among them_, succeeded in
destroying those State organizations; they
thereby broke the link which bound them as
States to this Union. They were no longer
States of the Union, having the rights and the
privileges of States of the Union. They were
still communities and States, if you please,
within the jurisdiction of the Union. The laws
of the Union operated over the people of the
rebellious States just as completely during the
rebellion as before or since. Every law of a
general character extended over the people of
the rebellious States just as much as over those
of the loyal States.
It is true that for a time the Federal Gov-
ernment did not have means of enforcing its
laws; but every citizen in those States was
amenable to the law. It is true in every case
where any citizen violates the law that the
Government has not the means of preventing
its violation ; if it had no crime would ever be
committed ? The law forbids murder and theft
and robbery and arson; but thefts and rob-
beries and burnings take place in violationof the
law. Sir, the law forbade this rebellion ; it was
not powerful enough to prevent it, and the
Government of the United States for a time
was not able to enforce its laws within the lim-
its of the rebellious States; but every citizen
of those States was amenable to the law when-
ever the Government was in a position to en-
force its authority.
This, sir, in my judgment, wa.s the condition
of these rebellions States. The people of those
States succeeded in destroying their loyal State
organizations, they set up State organizations in
hostility to the Government of the United States.
The Government of the United States, as was
its duty, overturned and extinguished these
disloyal State organizations. What then was
the condition of the rebel States? Were the
old State governments revived? By no means.
There was not, and had not been for-years, a
single officer under those old State govern-
ments, neither Governor nor judges nor Legis-
latures nor executive officers of any descrip-
tion ; there was not an officer in one of those
States holding his office under the State gov-
ernments which the rebels overthrew. We
ourselves, by the power of the Government
and the bravery of our troops, overthrew and
extinguished the rebellious State governments.
There then existed no link by which those States
as States were connected with the Federal Gov-
ernment. In order to renew that connection
it was necessary that State governments should
be set up. This was admitted by everybody,
and the President of the United States, acting
under this admitted tact, undertook to organ-
ize State governments. In my judgment he
had no authority to enter upon that work. The
Constitution of the United States confers upon
the President no implied powers,; ho has only
express powers. The implied powers are all
conferred upon Congress, and Congress is to
pass the necessary laws to carry out the pow-
ers vested in the President or in any other
department of the Government. He cannot
frame the laws by which to carry into effect
any of the powers conferred upon him.
But, sir, he undertook through provisional
governors, whom he appointed to organize
State governments in order to restore the con-
nection between the rebellious States and the
Union, which had been broken for five years.
Now, had the President's plan succeeded, had
he-succeeded in organizing State governments
that were loyal to the Union, that wore under
the control of loyal men, that protected loyal
citizens and secured freedom to all the inhabit-
ants in those States, Congress might and doubt-
less would have overlooked the manner of their
organization and recognized them as restored
to their former relations, because Congress is
as anxious and the people of this country are as
anxious as the President himself ever was or can
be for the complete restoration of the States
of the Union to their former relations upon
equitable, fair, and honorable terms. But, sir,
the people of this country are not willing that
the rebellious States shall continue to be ruled
over by rebels and Union men be persecuted
for their loyalty.
This memorial shows that the State organi-
zations in Louisiana, or the political organiza-
tions as they are called, are not republican;
and it states, moreover, that the loyal men who
assisted the Government to put down the rebel-
lion are in the condition of a vanquished party;
that murders and persecutions of loyal men are
increasing in frequency and turpitude, and that
they cannot obtain justice in the civil courts or
adequate military protection.
I am also informed by a gentleman from
Alabama, who has placed in my hands an
official report made by the treasurer of the
State of Alabama, that taxes have been imposed
by the .political organization in that State, and
money collected and appropriations of that
money made to pay the salaries of the rebel
officers who ruled that State during the rebel-
lion. To Governor Watts thousands of dollars
have been paid within the last year out of
money collected by taxation off the loyal people
of the State.
Mr. HOWARD. If my friend from Illinois
will allow me I will refer him to the authority,
if there be any authority for that mode of levy-
ing taxes. He will find it in the circular letter
which the Secretary of State addressed to the
various provisional governors in the rebel States
some time in the month of June, 1865, directly
giving it as his opinion that the provisional gov-
err^f had authority to levy taxes for the purpose
of paying his own expenses and the expenses
of the Legislature that was about to be called
together.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the case
I am stating goes back of that. Money has
been collected within the last year, as I under-
stand, in the State of Alabama and paid, not
to the provisional governor appointed by the
President, not for the expenses of the Legisla-
ture he convened, but to pay the salary of the
rebel governor while the war raged; and I am
told by an officer who served in the Union Army,
and who previously fled from his home in Ala-
bama to avoid conscription into the rebel ranks,
that the officer by whose orders he was pursued,
his home destroyed, and his family turned house-
less upon the world, has been paid within the
last year his salary as an officer for doing these
very things; and he gives me this official docu-
ment, the treasurer's report, showing the pay-
ment of the money.
Now, sir, how long is this condition of things
to last? How long is the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to sit here and allow its loyal citizens,
men who fought to sustain the Government, to
be persecuted for their loyalty, to bo taxed to
pay the salaries of the meu who persecuted
them?
And, sir, I am told by delegations from North
Carolina "and Alabama and Louisiana and
Texas, intelligent gentlemen, that the Union
men of those States must leave them unless
something is done for their protection, that they
can get no justice in the courts, and that they
have no protection for life, liberty ,sor property.
I know the President claims that these States
are already restored to their former position
in the Union, that he has done it. I have
already commented upon the want of power in
the President to do any such thing. But he
constantly refers in his arguments upon this
question to the fact that the postal and the
revenue and the judicial systems are extended
over these rebellious States, and he seems to
suppose he extended them there. Why, sir,
the President has had nothing to do with ex-
tending the postal and revenue laws and the
judicial system over the rebellious States,
fhey extended there all the time of the rebel-
lion. Every general law of Congress extended
over the rebellious States as much as over the
loyal States, but that did not restore their con-
nection with the Union. Their connection was
broken by the destruction of their State organ-
izations, without which it could not exist. The
citizens of those States are amenable to our
laws and were all the time of the war. The
law itself extended over them all the iime,
and there has been i!o extension of it by the
President. It was not in his power to extend
the laws of Congress beyond the limit where
the laws themselves go.
These political organizations which he has
been instrumental in organizing are merely
auxiliary to the military power, and he has
treated them so himself all the time when-
ever they have done an act interfering as he
thought unjustly or improperly with the mili-
tary control of the country. This shows ex-
actly what they are: they are political organi-
zations subordinate to the military power, and
in my judgment entirely within the control of
Congress. We can control the military power
there; and the President of the United States,
although he is by the Constitution Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and the Navy, must com-
mand the Army and the Navy according to the
rules and regulations which the law prescribes
for his government. He can carry his powers
into exception only in accordance with such
laws as Congress thinks proper to enact.
The duty of Congress, in my judgment, is,
if this state of facts be true as alleged, to
interfere at once and set aside these political
organizations which are oppressing loyal men
and Me managing the affairs of these States in
the interest of the very men who sought to
overturn and destroy this Government. The
people of Louisiana—tjiat is the particular
case—must accept the fate that awaits all peo-
ple who unjustly and wickedly engage in war
and are defeated. They are at the mercy of
the Federal Government of the United States
of America; and the Congress of the United
States is vested with authority to pass all laws
necessary to carry into execution all powers
intrusted to this Government. Then, sir, I
think it should exercise this power and pass
the necessary laws to secure to Union men and
loyal citizens their rights in- these rebellious
States, the necessary laws to place them in
authority and control so that they may have
protection, and secure to all republican liberty.
And now, sir, commending this memorial
to the serious and early attention of the joint
committee on reconstruction, I move that it
be referred to that committee.
Mr. DAVIS. I have but a word _ to say
to the honorable Senator from Illinois. He
certainly has taken a very extraordinary occa-
sion to deliver his speech in exposition of the
merits of the petition which he has presented.
I presume that the honorable Senator, though
he has addressed his speech to the Senate, in-
tends it to reach to the Legislature of Illinois,
and to influence a certain election that is shortly
to come off there. If that be his object, I hope
the honorable Senator will succeed in it. I
have read the names of the competitors of the
honorable Senator from his own party for his
succession, and I religiously believe that he is
a much abler and a much better man than any
of them or all of them together, if they could
all be made into one man. [Laughter.] I
therefore hope that when that election comes
off the honorable Senator will be reelected. I
am satisfied that he will bring more ability to
the seat which he is to vacate on the 3d of
March than any one who has been named, and
I am equally satisfied that, although the modi-
cum of disinterested and unselfish patriotism
which he will bring will not be very large, it
will still be immensely greater than that which
any of the others will bring.
In relation to the memorial which the hon-
orable Senator has presented, and th® matters
