1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
been looked into;" and quietly silently, and
calmly all propositions that come from a cer-
tain direction are voted down. It avails noth-
ing that an interest in my section suffers; but
if the woolen interest of Massachusetts suf-
fers, modifications are made, and all the oppo-
sition that was threatened from that quarter,
I apprehend, has pased away to be revived
no more. If the bill is to frustrate the great
ship-building interest of Maine, how is that to
be avoided? It is to be avoided by returning
every dollar that is paid to the foreign manu-
facturer for the articles eutering into the con-
struction of the vessel. That is to be returned
as a bonus to the man who makes the vessel.
Yet, if 1 were to propose, with regard to ves-
sels built at St. Louis or Galena or Louisville
or other points along the western waters, that
the same bounty should be returned to the
builder, how would the proposition be received
in this body ?
Mr. President, let the fate of the few amend-
ments I have offered answer the query. You
know what would become of it. Am I to be
told again " this thing has been considered in
commit tee; we know how it stands; and the
Senator from Missouri is ignorant of what he
talks about?" Perhaps it is so; but I only
crave the privilege of casting my vote in favor
of striking out that section from this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the ques-
tion immediately before the Senate is the prop-
osition of the honorable member from Missouri
to strike out the section which allows a draw-
back in certain cases. If I understand the
section the drawback is allowed in the case of
all sailing vessels, no matter where they may
be built. Originally it extended, I believe, to
steam as well as sailing vessels; but as it
stands now all sailing vessels, no matter where
constructed, are entitled to the benelit of the
drawback.
Before I say a word on the propriety of
adopting that amendment, my friend from
Missouri will permit me to say lor myself that
in the votes which I have given upon the sev-
eral amendments which he has proposed to this
bill, I have been governed exclusively by my
own judgment, enlightened and instructed as
that has been by the teaching of others. I
ccrtainly have had no purpose of enmity to-
ward the West. I have no purpose in the vote
which I am about to give on this amendment
to benefit the East to the injury of the West.
The honorable member is under the impression
that the several amendments which have been
rpjected liave been rejected without due con-
sideration. In that, as far as I am concerned,
ho is totally mistaken. I know not by what
right the honorable member assumes to him-
self peculiar knowledge upon the subjects to
which his amendments referred. The tariff in
all its modifications has been the subject of
consideration for years, and we have had this
particular bill under deliberation now for some
nine or ten days, and we have been instructed
not only by the members from the East, for we
have listened to their opinions on that subject,
but we have been instructed by and we have
listened to the honorable member from Mis-
souri. Nobody doubts that in everything that
he has said he has been governed by an honest
opinion that the interest, not ofthe West merely,
but of the country requires the adoption of
his amendments. Lot him accord to those who
happen to differ from him the same honesty of
purpose ; certainly, as far as I am concerned,
situated in one of the middle States, I have
been influenced exclusively by a desire to pro-
mote the interest of the entire country.
Now, a word as to the amendment. The
honorable member seems to suppose that the
interest which is to be protected by the bill as
it stands, and which he proposes to change, is
an interest peculiar to the East, to Maine 
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not say so. I
spoke of the lakes also.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
mentioned Maine half a dozen times, and he
spoke of it as affecting the East generally—the
sea-board. Now^ is that true? Does the hon-
orable member suppose that the people of Mis-
souri are not interested in having an efficient
commercial marine to carry on the foreign and
domestic trade of the the United States? Does
he suppose that they have no interest in mul-
tiplying the men who are to carry the flag of
our country upon every sea, and who can only
be multiplied by increasing the commercial
marine of the country? Is he oblivious to the
fact that the reputation of the country has been
increased so as to make ua all proud of that
marine, by means of the encouragement which
we have heretofore extended to the commercial
marine of the country ? The late war, to say
nothing of those which preceded it, has demon-
strated that the arm of the country in case of
danger is strengthened, and greatly strength-
ened, through the instrumentality of a com-
mercial marine. And, therefore, in voting to
encourage ship-building, as far as my judg-
ment instructs mo, I vote to foster, and to in-
crease by fostering, that commercial marine.
My friend supposes that there is in that fact
or in this particular measure which is to bring
about that result an injury to the interest of
the West—an indication of an enmity to the
West. Iam sure he will not attribute to me
any such purpose. I happen, to repeat it again,
to live in a State which stands between the ex-
tremes, and if I might be permitted to quote
from a message sent to the Legislature of our
own State by the Governor who was first
elected by the people, I would say to the hon-
orable member that that location is a pecu-
liarly happy one in enabling us to decide upon
the sectional differences which are to be found
existing in either extreme. His language was,
"That we are not given to the rude boreas of
northern fanaticism or thekotsimoom of south-
ern impetuosity." We stand upon compara-
tively neutral ground, neutral as between the
sections, not neutral, I trust in Heaven, in any
contest which may involve the existence of the
Government. Whenever that question shall
arise, whether it may arise in a contest with
foreign nations or among ourselves, the hon-
orable member from Missouri will find that
Maryland will be with Missouri in that contest,
and will never agree to any measure, whether
of internal or of external taxation, which may
inflict an injury upon the West.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the permission
of the Senator 1 should like to ask him a ques-
tion before ho concludes his remarks  
Mr. JOHNSON. I have concluded.
Mr. HENDERSON. What justice is there
in allowing a drawback upon a sloop that is
built at the city of Baltimore to run between
Norfolk and Baltimore, and not giving a draw-
back to a vessel built at St. Louis. ?
Mr. JOHNSON. rI hat is not the question,
Mr. President.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is the question.
Mr. JOHNSON. It by no means follows
that because a drawback is not given to vessels
that are built on the Mississippi and on the
Ohio it ought not to be given to any other
vessels. If you cannot get it for the West,
give it to the East.
Mr. HENDEIISON. I ask the Senator if
he is in favor of giving it to the West.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would be.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will you vote for a
proposition to that effect?
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, lot it come before
us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say just one
word; I do not wish to make an argument on
this question, for I suppose it is very well under-
stood.
The Senator from Missouri seems to lecture
me. I do not know but that I ought to be lec-
tured, because I have occasion to lecture so
many other people. [Laughter.] I am willing
to take my chance in that direction. I believe
that on the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] I did for the
first time vote for an increase of the rates fixed
by the committee. I did so because 1 thought
they were not right, and I explained why they
were not right, and because 1 thought it very
hard that for ten days I should be compelled
to sit here and vote for all the propositions
which had been settled by the committee, in
some cases against my vote, while other mem-
bers of the committee exercised the right to
vary from the report as they saw fit, though as
a general rule they have stood bv it; I thought
it very hard if after the work I did upon it I
might not be indulged in one thing.
In regard to what I said to mv friend from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] last night, I will uow ad-
mit that I spoke to him rather in a pet at the
time, because I was a little anuoyed; but I
concede his right to do what he did. When a
man has been obliged to sit here ten days on a
stretch attending to a bill like this, aa I have
been, without a single moment's cessation, and
obliged to meet all comers, it is not very won-
derful that I should feel sometimes worried and
annoyed. I should like to have others try it
and see how they like it. But enough of that.
I do not feel disposed to say any more on that
Subject. I have simply given an excuse for
myself.
In regard to this particular thing, I put in
steamers as well as sailing vessels: I had an
amendment made to that effect. I thought I
was authorized by the committee to offer it;
but my friend from Ohio thought I was not, at
any rate so far as ho was concerned; and to
settle the question I moved to strike out the
words "or steam" from the section, stating at
the time that I should vote myself to retain
those words, my object in making the motion
being merely to bring the question before the
Senate. My friend from Ohio, who is from the
West, explained the reasons why he thought it
would not do to apply the section to steamers,
and so satisfactorily to gentlemen that a'larga'
majority of the Senate voted to strike out those
words against my vote and my opinion. I think
that is a sufficient answer in relation to that
point.
With regard to the thing itself, I can only
say that after a great deal of deliberation, for
several days at times, thinking it all over and
looking upon it in every light, the committee
were unanimous in agreeing that it ought to be
done, becausc they thought, as the honorable
Senator from Maryland lias expressed it, that
a commercial marine was of some consequence
to the country; that it was of some consequence
to the country to preserve the sea-going men ;
that it was of consequence to the country to
preserve the art of ship-building to some ex-
tent, which has given us so much renown. The
committee thought this was a great national
interest, as much so as a factory or anything
else, it being commerce, or rather navigation,
a branch of commerce; and this seemed to be
the only way in which navigation in its now
declining condition could be protected.
We are particularly interested in my section
of the country, because we live right alongside
the British Provinces, where they build ves-
sels at half of the rate we can; and so far as
my State is concerned it is about the only
thing in this bill in which it has any very con-
siderable interest, and there are many other
sections of the country that have also a largo
interest in it. I have stated the reason why
it was put in, after careful deliberation, as I
said before, by the unanimous consent of the
committee, and 1 hope it will be retained by
the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to call the
attention of the Senator to one fact; that in this
bill every stick of ship-timber that goes into
the vessel is free, being put on the free list.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then there will be
nothing to be returned for the timber.
Mr. HENDERSON. You get the timber
free, and then you get a drawback upon all the
other materials in the ship: upon the iron, the
hemp, the cordage, the canvas, and everything
of that character.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We get it upon noth-
ing that has gone into a state of manufacture.
"We get it on raw materials.
Mr. HENDERSON. You get all the timber
free; but if we build a fence in the West w©
