1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1603
hand. It has no more consistency than groond
tobacco.
Mr. DAWES. That is shoddy.
Mr. GRINNELL. No, sir, it is flocks. I
have here some shoddy. Large quantities of
this foreign-grown article are now imposed
upon our people as wool, supplanting the
growth of our own sheep. I propose that
this foreign article shall not come into damag-
ing competition with our home production.
Twelve cents a pound is not too much duty.
All that we need for our own manufactures
we can get from the shearings of our own
cloth.
I hope we shall not depart from this well
considered provision. It is due to the wool-
growers ; it is due above all to the consumers
and the wearers of cloth, that this stuff should
not be imposed upon the country. I have
samples here and I invite gentlemen to examine
them. Millions of pounds of this are brought
in against all the laws of economy, and I would
have the duty made prohibitory rather than
reduced.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man. after the very prompt contradiction by
my distinguished and learned colleague on the
committee. [Mr. Garfield,] I feel bound to
make some little explanation. I acted as the
chairman of that committee in the absence
of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] and after we had inserted this in the
committee, as the gentleman states, some man-
ufacturers came in and explained to us the
difference between flocks and shoddy. We had
supposed that these articles were to be ranked
together; but they explained to us that flocks
is a very necessary article in the manufacture
of woolen. I have no particular interest in
the subject, but I understood it to be the wish
of the committee to put flocks as it stood in the
Senate bill; and I desire to make this explana-
tion, as my colleague has contradicted a state-
ment which I made, and raised a question of
veracity between us.
Mr. GARFIELD. I beg leave to say that I
raised no question of veracity whatever with the
fentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper.]
only said that the committee did not put this
in by accident, but inserted it deliberately. The
subsequent action of the committee to which
he refers I never heard of before. That action
may have been taken in my absence, and doubt-
less was precisely as the gentleman states it.
Mr. DELANO. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I move pro forma to amend
the amendment by striking out the last word.
I desire to state to the gentlemen who are
discussing this subject that no man who is
acquainted with the two articles can mistake
flocks for shoddy; and if there be not imbe-
cility or corruption in the officers having charge
of the matter, the one cannot be made the
means of perpetrating frauds by the introduc-
tion of the other. The article of flocks is
needed for various branches of manufactures,
almost infinite in number, not at all connected
with the woolen trade. If you could deprive
the country of a supply of flocks you would
entirely suspend thereby the manufacture of
velvet papers and also the production of many
pigments. This article enters in a compara-
tively small degree into the production of
woolen goods; it enters in a much larger degree
into the manufacture of many of the neces-
saries and many of the elegancies of life.
Gentlemen who have discussed the question
do not appear to recognize the fact that shoddy
is a fiber, while flocks is an article so light
that it floats in the atmosphere and must have
a quiet room in which to settle to be gathered
from the floor.
Mr. GRINNELL. A perfect answer to all
the gentleman has said is that the flock in this
country is ample for all the wall-paper needed.
It is not true it does not come into compe-
tition. It does come into competition. It is
glued in many cases upon cloth, which is im-
posed upon the honest people whom we are
here to protect. It has no wearing property
whatever. We can secure all in this country
that may be wanted by our manufacturers.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-second amendment:
Strike out the words "and on woolen flocks or
shearings of new failed cloth the duty shall be three
cents per pound;" so the paragraph will then read:
On sheepskins and Angora goatskins, raw or un-
manufactured, imported with the wool on, washed
or unwashed, the duty shall be thirty per cent, ad
valorem; and on woolen rags, shoddy, mungo, ex-
tract of wool, woolen flocks, and waste, the duty shall
be twelve cents per pound.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am
opposed to the amendment. I think the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano] will agree
"woolen flock and shearing of new cloth"
should be admitted at three cents per pound.
His objection to striking out in line one hun-
dred and eighty-four ''woolen flocks" was
applied to another article, which in the bill
is called '• extract of wool."
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-third amendment:
Insert " and on such as may now be exempt from
duty;" so it will then read:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed by law on manufactures
of wool and similar materials, and on such as may
now be exempt from duty, thcreshall be levied, col-
lected, and paid on the goods, wares, and merchan-
dise herein enumerated and provided for, imported
from foreign countries, the following duties and rates
of duty, that is to say.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
Strike out the following:
On woolen cloths, comprising broadcloths, cloak-
ing, cassimeres, ladies' cloths, doeskins, tricots, and
all other fulled or felted goods or fabrics, woolen
shawls, flannels, and all manufactures of wool of
every description made wholly or in part of wool, not
herein otherwise specified, valued at $1 50 or less
per pound, forty-fivo ccnts per pound, and, in addi-
tion thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem ; valued
at over one dollar and fifty cents and less than two
dollars, fifty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto
forty per cent, ad valorem; valued at two dollars and
over per pound, fifty cents per pound, and, in addi-
tion thereto, forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
And in lieu thereof insert the following:
On woolen cloths, woolen shawls, and all manufac-
tures of wool of every description made wholly or in
part of wool, not herein otherwise provided for, fifty
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty per
cent, ad valorem.
On zephyr worsted, twenty cents per pound, and,
in addition thereto, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On endless belts or felts for paper or printing ma-
chines, twenty cents per pound, and thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 52, noes 17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
Strike out the words "on bunting fifty cents per
ponnd, and, in addition thereto, thirty per cent, ad
valorem," and in lieu thereof insert:
On bunting, twenty cents per square yard, and, in
addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On women's and children's dress goods, and real or
imitation Italian cloths, and all other similar fabrics
uncolored or in the gray, commonly sold or purchased
by the yard or other lineal measure, or by the piece,
composed wholly or in part of wool, worsted, the
hair of the alpaca, goat, camel, or other like ani-
mals, valued at not exceeding twenty cents the
square yard, six cents per square yard, and, in ad-
dition thereto, thirty per ccnt. ad valorem; valued
at above twenty cents per square yard, eight cents
per square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. ALLISON. What is the difference
between the amendment of the Sonate and the
amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means ? My impression is it is a large increase.
Mr. MORRILL. The proposition of the
Committee of Ways and Means was adopted
at the last session. I am not going to deny the
fact that this duty proposed is a very high one.
It was deemed important that the flag which
floats at our mast-heads should be made at
home and not abroad. It has been provided
that the Secretory of the Navy shall purchase
this article of American manufacture if to be
had. Under that provision a single establish-
ment has been put into operation, but it has
been found that it cannot be made to pay ex-
penses and kept in operation without this duty.
Mr. ALLISON. I think the increase of
duty is two hundred per cent.
Mr. MORRILL. It amounts to prohibition,
or nearly that, I suppose. We did not care to
bear the stigma of having our flag manufactured
abroad. As to the remainder of the amend-
ment, I simply desire to say it is for the protec-
tion of printing establishments of such manu-
factured goods in this country as are imported
uncolored or in the gray, and unless a differ-
ence be made they must succumb.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Chairman, I only
wish to say that during the war, we not having
manufactories of bunting, the English manu-
facturers raised the price to thirty dollars a
piece, and our Government was compelled to
pay that price. The same manufacturers are
selling it to-day for about five dollars a piece
in gold. Although this duty is high, it will
have the effect to stimulate the manufacture,
and we shall ultimately have the goods at the
net cost of production. I have to say that
t^-day we are manufacturing a much better
article in this country than has ever before
been manufactured in the world, and this is a
duty upon the article after it has become open
to the public generally. There is no monopoly.
It will find its level according to the cost of
producing it under a tariff, while without it the
only manufacturing establishment in the coun-
try must be broken up.
Mr. MAYNARD. Where is it?
Mr. BOUTWELL. In the city of Lowell,
in my own district.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will they manufacture
enough to supply the country ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not know whether
they will or not; but they will, manufacture
enough to keep the price within reasonable
limits. The British took advantage of our
necessities during the war, and put the price
at six times its net cost.
Mr. KELLEY. I will say that if they do
not manufacture it in Lowell, there are those
in Philadelphia that will. The business has
been crushed out, but they will gladly embark
in it if they can do it without loss.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
Strike out the words " either in the gray or of"
and insert the words " dyed ofso that it will read:
On women's and children's dress goods, and real
or imitation Italian cloths, and all other similar fab-
rics, dyed, of uniform color.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
Strike out" in" and insert " of ;"so that it will read:
Or of various colors or figures produced in the pro-
cess of weaving.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
Strike out "seventy" and insort "sixty;" so that it
will read:
On fringes, gimp, tassels, dress trimmings, head
nets, buttons or tassel buttons, or buttons of other
forms for tassels or ornaments, wrought by hand or
braided by machinery, made of wool, worsted, the
hair of the alpaca, goat, camel, or other like animals,
or of which the above-named materials are the com-
ponent parts of chief value, sixty per cent, ad valo-
rem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-ninth and fortieth amendments:
Strike out the following: _
On Wilton, Saxony, and Aubusson, Axmmster,
patent velvet, Tournay velvet, and tapestry velvet
carpet and carpetings, Brussels carpets wrought by
the Jacquard machine, and all medallion or whole
carpets, valued at $1 26 or under, per square yard,
eighty cents per square yard; valued at over one
dollar and twenty-five cents per square yard, ninety
cents per square yard: Provided, That no carpeting,
carpets, or rugs of the foregoing descriptions shall
pay a duty of less than fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On Brussels and tapestry Brussels carpets and car-
peting, printed on the warp or otherwise, sixty cents
per square yard.
On all treble ingrain, three-ply, and worsted chain
Venetian carpets and carpetings, forty-five cents per
square yard.
On yarn. Venetian, and two-ply ingrain carpets
and carpeting, thirty-five cents per square yard.
On druggets, baizes, and bockings, and felt oarpets
and carpeting, printed, colored, or otherwise, twenty,
five cents per square yard, and, in addition thereto,
thirty per cent.atf valorem / on carpet and carpetings
of wool, flax, or cotton, or parts of either, or other
material not otherwise herein specified. forty per
