1604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
cent, ad valorem: Provided, That mats, rugs, screens,
covers, hassocks, bedsides, and other portions of
carpets or carpctmgs, shall be subjected to the rate
of duty herein imposed on carpets or carpeting of
like character or description, anil that the duty on all
other mats, (.not exclusively of vegetable material,)
scieens, hassocks. and carpet, and door rugs, shall
bo torty per cent, ad valorem ; and insert as lollo ws:
On Aubussou and Axininster carpets and carpets
woven whole lor rooms, fifty percent* ad valorem; on
Saxony, Wilton, and i'ournay velvet carpets, wrought
by the Jaequard machine, seventy cents per square
yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem; on Brussels carpets wrought by the Jae-
quard machine, lorty-four cents per square yaid, and,
in addition thereto, thirty-live per cent, ad valorem;
on patent velvet and tapestry velvet carpets, printed
on the warporotherwise,forty ecutsper squaroyard,
and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent,aci va-
lorem; on tapestry liiussels carpets printed on the
Warp or otherwise, twenty-eigbt cents por square
yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-live per eent.
ad valorem ; on treble ingrain, three-ply and worsted
chain Venetian carpets, seventeen cents per square
yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-live per cent.
ad valorem; on yarn Venetian and two-ply ingrain
carpets, twelve cents per square yard, and, in addi-
tion thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem; on
druggets, baizes, and bockings, printed, colored, or
otherwise, twenty-fivo cents per square yard, and, in
addition thereto, thirty per cent, ad valorem; *1
carpets and carpetings of wool, llax, or cotton, or
pa rts of either, or other material not otherwise herein
specified, forty per cent, ad valorem; Provided, That
mats, rugs, screens, covers, hassocks, bedsides, and
other portions ol carpets or carpeting shall be sub-
jected to the rate of duty herein imposed on carpets
or carpeting ot like character or description, and that
the duty on all other mats, (not exclusively of vege-
table material,) screens, hassocks, and rugs, shall be
forty-live per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I observe some
change in this amendment from the provision
of the bill sent to us by the Senate. I find in
the Senate bill the various grades of carpet are
divided by price. I do not find that that has
been observed in the preparation of the amend-
ment of the House committee, and I desire to
know what change has been made by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Under the pro-
vision of the Senate bill I find a lower rate of
duty is imposed upon the finest kind of carpet,
while the poorer or cheaper article used by the
common people has the highest duty imposed
upon it. I would like to have some explanation
in relation to the manner in which these duties
are levied ; why the lowest duty is put upon
the luxurious article?
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman appears
to be speaking against the Senate amendment
which we propose to strike out. I do not,
therefore, see the necessity of replying. I
agree with the gentleman that the Houseamend-
ment is the best. It does not make the dis-
crimination to which he objects.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Chairman,
that is a very lucid explanation. I under-
stand now why the committee recommend
the imposition of the highest duties upon the
lowest grades of carpet, and why, on the other
hand, they recommend the lowest duties upon
the highest grade of carpet; I understand it
perfectly now, because the gentleman says
that I seem to be opposed to the Senate amend-
ment, and therefore I have answered my own
inquiry; and of course that explains it very
clearly. But still I want the chairman of the
committee, who has given this subject his
attention, to explain it to the House, and to
let us know whether manufacturers who are
making the lower grades of carpet do not need
any higher rates of protection than those who
are manufacturing the lower grades; whether
those who ore manufacturing carpets that go
upon the parlors of the rich really need less
protection under the tariff than those need
who are manufacturing the carpets that are to
cover the floors of the poor.
•'J1-- The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No; it is just as
I say.
Mr. DAWES. It is just here. The Sen-
ate proposed an amendment that had this pe-
culiarity : it put a lower rate of duty upon the
higher-priced carpets than it putupon the lower-
Sriced carpets. The Committee of Ways and
teans propose to strike that out and to put in
place of it a provision putting the higher rate
of duty upon the higher-priced carpets and the
lower rate of duty upon the lower-priced ear-
pets ; whereupon the gentleman from Iowa
turns around indignantly and wants to know
of the Committee of Ways and Means why the
Senate put in this strange and wicked propo-
sition ; and again he wants to know of the com-
mittee why they now propose to strike it out.
Well, now, I do not know exactly what to
say to the gentleman ; but I suspect that it- is
because the Committee of Ways and Means
think the Senate provision unwise that they
propose to strike it out and to put iu a dif-
ferent one.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] a ques-
tion. I see that the Senate and the House
agree in the duty to be put upon druggets,
baizes, and bookings; and I wish the gentle-
man would state what rate per cent, of duty is
imposed upon those articles.
Mr. DAWES. That is a queer question for
a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means to put to me.
Mr. ALLISON. I will state, then, that it
is from eighty-two to one hundred and two per
cent.
Mr. DAWES. Well, the gentleman knew
before he asked; whf, therefore, did he put
the question to me? He is on the committee
that reported this bill to the House, and I was
following him, with unequal step it is true, but
as well as I could 
Mr. DODGE. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means to state
to the House, so that we may vote under-
standingly upon this question, what is the
amount of increased duty put upon these vari-
ous kinds of carpet. The carpet that is put,
under the present tariff, at seventy cents a
square yard I understand to be put in this bill
at seventy-five cents a square yard, and in ad-
dition to that thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
I ask if that is so ?
Mr. MORRILL. I will state to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Dodge] that the
increased duties do not any more than cover
the increased amount of duty to be placed upon
wool, and scarcely that. If the gentleman
will examine the subject he will see that that
is the case.
Mr. ANCONA. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing the debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] is still entitled to the
floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I will merely say that
upon a close computation the manufacturer
of carpets, when this bill shall have passed,
will receive no more and not even so much
protection than he now obtains.
The amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means was then agreed to.
Mr. \\ ILSON, of Iowa. 1 desire to inquire
of the Chair if the Committee of the Whole
are confined to voting upon the amendments
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means
without any opportunity being given to offer
amendments to those amendments?
I he CHAIRMAN. All of the amendments
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means
are open to amendment.
Mr. HILL. I would inquire if the amend-
ments proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means will be open to amendment after they
have been acted upon?
^ the CHAIRMAN. They will not. The
Chair rules, and has ruled all the time, that the
amendments recommended by the Committee
of \\ays and Means are open to amendment;
but independent amendments cannot be offered
until all the amendments of the Committee of
Ways and Means have been acted upon.
Forty-first amendment:
Insert the words "five cents per square yard, and,
m addition thereto," bctoro the words "thirty-five
per cent, ml valorem," in tho clause rolatiug to oil-
cloth; so that it would read:
On oil-cloths for floors, stamped, painted, or printed,
valued at fifty cents or less per square yard, five cents
per square yard, mid, in addition thereto, thirty-five
IK r cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Forty-second amendment:
Insert, in the same clause, the words "ten cents
per square yard, and, in addition thereto," before the
words "forty-five per cent, ad valorem;" so that it
would read:
Valued at over fifty cents per squaro yard, and all
otheroil-cloth, (except silk oilcloth.) anil on water-
proof cloth not otherwise provided for, ten cents per
square yaid, and, in addition thereto, foity-fivc per
cent, ad valorem.
The question was taken upon agreeing to
the amendment; and upon a division, there
were—ayes 35, noes 27 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield
and Mr. Le Bloxd were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 52, noes 46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Forty-third amendment:
In section five, in the clause relating to spun silk;
to strike out the words "not more advanced than
singles, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem ;" so that it
would read :
On spun silk for filling, in skeins or cops, and on
silk in tho gam, not more than singles, tram, thrown,
or organzme, and on floss silks, thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Forty-fourth amendment:
Insert in thethird clause of the same section tho
words "dress silks" after the words " head-dresses
so that it would read :
On all ribbons, beltings, galloons, hat-bands, bind-
ings, braids, fringes, gimps, gloves, cloak and dress
trimmings, fancy buttons, cords, dress cords, cords
and tasselj,head-nets, head-dresses, dress silks, neck-
ties, collars, and scarfs, made of silk, or of which si Ik
is the component material of chief value, soventy
per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Forty-fifth amendment:
In the same section, in the clause relating to un-
manufactured flax, to strike out the word "fifteen"
and insert tho word " twenty;" so that it would read:
On flax unmanufactured, twenty dollars per ton.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means by striking out "twenty dol-
lars" and inserting " forty-five dollars" as the
duty per ton upon flax unmanufactured.
Mr. Chairman, one of the most remarkable
features in this bill, of which there are a great
many, is the fact that whenever 3-011 come to
any matter which involves protection to the raw
material which can be produced in our own
country, and especially in the interior of the
country, the Senate by the provisions of their
bill propose to lower the rate of duty; and if
the Committee of Ways and Means of this
House attempt, as they have very properly at-
tempted, to raise the duty to a higher rate,
they never succeed in getting it back to what it
was^in the House bill of the last session.
Now, we have heard a great deal about the
manufacturing interest and its relation to the
agricultural interest of this country. We have
heard ingenious arguments and calculations to
show how much flour, corn, hay, pork, beef,
&c., enter into a bar of iron or a yard of cot-
ton cloth. Now, those arguments are not only
ingenious but plausible, and there is a great
deal ot truth in them. I am not only in favor
of a tariff, hut I am in favor of a protective
tariff. And besides the food which we furnish
to the operatives who manufacture this iron or
this cotton cloth there are many things which
constitute the raw material which we can also
furnish. But when our farmers goto the manu-
facturer and say. we cannot only furnish food
for your operatives, but we can furnish bides
and flaxseed for oil, and flax fiber for manu-
facture,^ the manufacturer does not see the
force ot the argument so strongly. He says to
the fanner, no, I can import those things from
Europe ; if you will let me have them as cheaply
or even cheaper than [ can import them I will
make them into goods and you will indirectly
derive advantage from the consumption of the
cereals and other products of your farm by my
operatives. Now, the farmer wants to be pro-
tected. not merely by having a market for th >
articles of food which he raises, but fur the raw
materials which go into these manufactures,
