16 4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
tie foil power of reconstruction. This is the
body that can do it, and no other has under
•the Constitution any right whatever over it.
You ask me the question: if these are dis-
organized States in their inception, the fruits
of usurpation of the Executive power, how can
you make them active?' Why, sir, this Con-
gress can breathe the bfeath of life into these
lead carcases. They, did so by the constitu-
tional ameisdinetit. They had their all-pre-
vailing power of Congress to revivify and give
life to that which without it is dead. That is
how I answer you. Have you as a laywer any-
thing against that doctrine that these institu-
tions, being set up in usurpation, were void;
but is it not in the power of Congress, who has
entire jurisdiction over the whole subject, to
make them good by a constitutional amend-
ment such as you ought to propose to them ?
That is what you said to them: '' preserve these
institutions as they are, and give us action
under them, and. we will sanction what you
have done as legal and right." Without our
action they are void and of no account what-
ever. That is the way I answer you.
Mr. President, I am anxious for a vote on
this subject and do not intend to prolong the
argument; but I am asked as to the expediency
of this measure. I cannot repeat with any
more force than my colleague did, and as I
attempted to do on a former occasion, that we
did promise these Territories that on certain
conditions which we prescribed being com-
plied with, they might knock at our doors
with a constitution republican in form, and we
would admit them. That is the sense of what
we did. These doctrines that you now advo-
cate were not thought of then. They have
sprung into life since. You made your promise
and agreement without prescribing at the time
the rule that you now seek to enforce upon
them. If you had. I have no doubt they would
have complied with it, for I have no question
that they are as anti-slavery, as much imbued
with the sense of human rights, and wish as
devotedly that all their population should have
the elective franchise as you or I do. I have
no question about that. But there they are in
the winter time with the snows mid-leg deep,
drifted all over their prairies, their rivers frozen
up and unnavigable, their roads blocked up,
intercommunication between them almost im-
possible, and now you propose to impose the
expense of an election on those poor people
scattered all over those immense territories.
You wish now to send this Constitution back
and put them to the trouble and expense of
doing that which yon did not ask them to do at
the time. Having complied with all the con-
ditions that you did prescribe, you now wish to
send it back and compel these poor people to
go through all this expense, all this terrible
exercise, before you will let them in here. Sir,
I do not think you have any right to do it. I
do not see how States which stand on the same
footing, having the word "white" in their
constitutions, can without a blush demand of
others that which they do not do themselves.
I cannot do it for Ohio. I have told you that
as a citizen of Ohio, which has a constitution
just like that of Nebraska in this respect, I
want it altered. I think it a defect just as much
as you do. I have no doubt it will be done, and
done quickerthan though you should commence
war upon her to compel her to do it.
They have all the population that is neces-
sary ; they have all the elements of a great and
prosperous State; they are going on with all
those enterprises that have made the Ameri-
can people so great; and a more enterprising
race (for I have been among them) is not to
be found in this most enterprising nation any-
where. Why distrust them? Be generous to
them as you have been to everybody else.
When you come to a State that has forfeited
her rights, so that I have a right to ingraft my
principles upon her, I will go hand in hand
with you everywhere; but I cannot agree with
you in exacting of these people over your own
agreement and your own promises, that they
shall ingraft upon their constitution a provis-
ion that is not in your own, and one that never
was exacted yet of any State by Congress.
You did.not ask them to do anymore than
they have done. I say again they have all the
elements of a State; and all those principles
that have been adjudged in the past sufficient
to justify the admission of a new State into
the Union apply in this case. Now, why
should they not be admitted? Can anybody
tell me? Can any Republican tell me why he
should shut out the influence that is justly and
legally derivable from this source? Why should
he shut out the reinforcement he will get by
doing justice to this Territory ? The dictates
of justice, the dictates of policy, the strength
of the great cause of human rights for which
we contend, will all be subserved by her ad-
mission ; and as you rejected in the case of
Tennessee just such a provision as it is now
sought to ingraft on this Territory, I ask gen-
tlemen to pause.
I suppose I need not have argued this matter
so earnestly, because you have passed upon it
once. It is not many months ago since this
same question was before you, and you passed
a bill for the admission of Nebraska by an
overwhelming majority. What has transpired
since to make it necessary that we should get
up here and reargue the question ? Why not
do now what your sense of justice prompted
you to do then ?
I trust, sir, that any further appeals-from me
are entirely unnecessary. I have no idea that
any Senator upon this floor will change his
vote because of anything that has transpired
between that day and this, though the fact is
that further light has dawned upon us with
regard to this Territory, and all of it going to
show its immense resources and its immense
gain in population from the time we had its
application under consideration before. Why
not deal with it as you have dealt with every
other Territory applying for admission ? There
is no legal objection, there is no moral objec-
tion, but everything should prompt us to over-
look these little technicalities for the great
good,, that we seek to ingraft upon our consti-
tutions.
I do not think, Mr. President, of anything
more that I ought to say. I want a vote upon
this bill to-day if it is possible to do it.
Mr. COWaN. Mr. President, this is a
question upon which I feel a very great degree
of interest, and that feeling has been heightened
and increased by the speech which has just
been made by the honorable Senator from
Ohio and -the views which he has given upon
the nature of the work in which we are engaged.
Now, sir, what is it? The proposition before
the Senate is tp create a State; to make out
of the people of Nebraska and the Territory
of Nebraska, its snow-covered prairies and its
ice-bound rivers, a State. Then, Mr. Presi-
dent, what is a State? Something or nothing.
If something, it behooves us, the representa-
tives of the people here, and the representa-
tives I might say of States, and of States
claimed to be sovereign States, that we should
know well what we do. I ask again what is
a State ? If we have power to create a State
at all; if we have authority and jurisdiction to
make it, "then that State must be a body-cor-
porate, not a thing existing as an actual, sub-
stantial entity, but a legal artificial person
existing only in contemplation of law, and
which for certain purposes enumerated in
the law and designated by the law is to be
taken to be a person. Then, in that sense,
the people of the Territory of Nebraska may
be taken to be corporators; the State of
Nebraska is the corporation, the legal person
created by this bill and who is to have perpet-
ual existence, to sue and be sued, and to per-
form all other functions which are usually
performed in law by a natural person. I do
not know that I follow strictly the legal defini-
tion of a corporation, but I apprehend that
lawyers at least will comprehend what I mean.
In the creation of a corporate body of this
kind, it becomes of the utmost importance
that we should inquire what powers it may
have. As a usual rule, they extend only to
the boundaries of the charter which creates
the corporation, or in other words they have
no power to do that which the law of their crea-
tion does not allow them to do. So far I am
willing to go. I am willing to join in the crea-
tion of a State limited in its powers in this way;
but if a corporation is to be created with pow-
ers extending beyond the limits of that instru-
ment which creates it, and to be invested with
larger and wider powers, then I object; anctit
h to this point that I desire to call the atten-
tion of the honorable Senator from Ohio par-
ticularly.
I put the question to him whether a State
could commit treason. I shall not undertake
to give his answer, simply because I caftnot;
there was nothing about it of which my memory
took hold; and, of course, to avoid any dispo-
sition to misrepresent him I will leave that to
those who shall read the Globe to-morrow
morning. I certainly understood the honor-
able Senator however to say that a State
could commit treason.
Mr. WADE. No; I did not say any such
thing.
Mr. COWAN. Does the honorable Senator
say now that it cannot ?
Mr. WADE. It is perfectly evident to mo
that many gentlemen have found that States
may commit treason and sympathize with trai-
tors : but the State itself being incorporeal, as
Lord Coke says, having no soul—(Mr. Cowan.
Nor body)—can neither go to heaven nor com-
mit treason, nor go the other way that I know
of. I said no such thing, however.
Mr. CO WAN. I have always been delighted
to agree with my ancient friend ; and knowing
him to be a most learned and astute lawyer, I
have always felt myself strengthened wheii that
agreement took place; and I was really some-
what shocked when I found or supposed I had
found him advocating a different theory Bat
I propose to go a little further; it may Is that
he is hardly out of the woods yet.
If a State cannot commit treason, if it has
no soul to be damned and no body to be kicked.
I should like to ask further whether it can
commit any other crime. I should like to
know from the honorable Senator as a lawyer
whether this corporation, this incorporeal thing
as he admits it to be, has any power or can do
anything other than that which the charter of
its incorporation allows it to do, because that
is a most important and pertinent inquiry here;
a most ponderous inquiry, an inqu'117 which
to-day rives this nation from foundation-stone
to tgrret, which shakes it from the steeple to
the cellar, can a Slate commit a crime? Can
a State rebel? I say, Mr. President, I want
to know this, and I want to know it for a most
potent reason, for one that is all-important.
I in my State am in a minority; in my State
I am at the mercy of the State authorities, who
believe differently from me, who are of a dif-
ferent opinion, who hold to different views of
policy, and I desire here now at this time and
in this place to know how far I am bound by
those State authorities.
I understand that the Governor of Pennsyl-
vania, a most respectable gentleman, whom I
see upon this floor now, is limited in his power
and in his authority by the Constitution and the
laws; that the Legislature of Pennsylvania are
so limited; that the judges are so hedged round
about by the law; so that they have no rightto
do Uiat as Governor, as Legislature, as judicial
officers, as corporate officers, if you please—
representatives of this incorporeal thing about
to be created here—that they have no authority
as such officers to do that which is not warranted
in and by the Constitution and the laws.
Mr. President, I want to know if that is true
in these United States of America; I want to
know if that is afundamental principle: because
if it is not all our rights are in jeopardy. If
these corporate officers can in theirown persons
transcend tlieir corporate powers, step outside
