1866.
tm eQMJRKSSIQFAL GLOBE.
h
of their limits, do unlawful things, and involve
me in the consequences, I want to know it, I
want to know, and I want to know it from the
honorable Senator from Ohio, whether if his
excellency the Governor of, Pennsylvania, the
Legis'ature of Pennsylvania, and the judiciary
of Pennsylvania were to declare that the State
of Pennsylvania was out of the Union and in-
augurate a war to maintain that, theory, I who
maintained that she was not out of the Union,
and who persisted in my loyalty and my direct
allegiance to the United States all the way
is no getting around it. If the'State can com-
mit treason, then the State may involve me in the
consequences of treason ; then the State may
affect me because she has in her corporeal, not
iii her incorporeal, but in her corporeal, actual
state and entity committed a crime ; and I, for-
sooth, an humble member of the minority, must
submit to it and must bear the penalty conse-
quent upon it.
I have said that this was the question which
now shook this nation to its center. I have
said that this was the question of this age and
this day. Is it true oris it not true? Of whom
are we followers here ? Are we the followers
of John C. Calhoun ; are we the advocates of
nullification; are we the advocates of secession;
or are we the followers of'Daniel Webster and
that school which declared that this Constitu-
tion of ours was not a compact or agreement,
but an ordinance which created a Government?
In what way is the citizen of Nebraska to be
bound to the General Government of these Uni-
ted States? Is he to be bound to that Govern-
ment by direct, immediate, personal allegiance,
or is he to be bound, as was contended by the
secessionists,- through his State? They con-
tended that he was not tied, that there was no
ligamen, allegiance in lawful English, holding
him directly to the General Government, and
that he was bound to it only through his State.
If that were true, and his State did something
which cut off that ligamen, which cut off that
bond of connection, the inhabitants of the State
would be cut off, too. But if the tie was direct,
immediate, and personal theaetionof theState
would and could have no effect whatever on the
status of the individual as to the General Gov-
ernment.
Hence it is, Mr. President, that I say this is
the important question of the hour; this the
test question of the day. It is upon the deter-
mination of this question that the existence of
this Union hangs to-day trembling in the scale.
I agree with what the honorable Senator from
Ohio has said about the right of suffrage; I
agree with the main part of his speech; but I
do not agree with his notion, as I understand
him, that a State may commit treason, that a
State in rebellion may forfeit the rights of inno-
cent people. And I put it to his sense of just-
ice, I put it to his sense of humanity, I put it
to that sense of right which I know exists in
him toward the loyal people of this country, to
know whether their States by any unlawful act
of theirs can deprive their innocent people of
their rights ?
Mr. WADE. I have no wish to interrupt
the Senator, but I desketo suggest to him that
it seems to me that all ne is saying now has no
reference whatever to the question before the
Senate. He is talking abflut a State and what
is a State and what a State may do. I am not
so particular as to what a State may or may
not do ; but I say, here is a State erected, with
a complete organization, with all its officers,
everything necessary to a State government,
and which all the other States have, and it asks
to come into this Union. But the Senator is
speculating on the question whether a State
can commit suicide or commit crime, or what
it may or may not do. Sir, I suppose that this
State, once admitted into the Union, can do
exactly what the other States in the Union can
do—no more, and no less.
Mr. COWAN. I agree that my honorable
friend as a good lawyer has a right to object
to the testimony on the ground of irrelevancy;
but my experience in the Senate of the United
States has taught me that irrelevancy in argu-
ment is at least not out of order. I think if it
were we should have much less speaking here
than we have been obliged heretofore to listen
to. But is this relevant, or is it not relevant?
My honorable friend from Missouri [Mr.
Brown] has undertaken to offer an amend-
ment to this bill, in which he attempts to limit
and to restrain the power of this incorporeal
person which we are about to create; and when
he offers that amendment, which is perfectly
legitimate, perfectly germane to the subject, I
have a right to speak as to other things which
this corporation may, according to the theories
of Senators upon this floor, do or which it may
not do. My honorable friend from Missoari
makes a point which I do not make because,
being a free man as he is and being a free man
as I am, we each entertain our own opinions
upon that.
The honorable Senator from Missouri pro-
poses an amendment in which he says that this
State shall at no time have authority to debar
anybody from the right of suffrage on account
of race or color. I respect his convictions on
that subject, although I do not entertain them.
I have no sneers or jibes for him; far from it;
but T desire to hear him calmly, dispassion-
ately, and carefully, and if his argument con-
vinces my reason I shall vote with him.
On the other hand, I want to know, and I
want to know as an essential, particular thing
in this debate,,whether this being which we are
about to create shall have the power to take
the whole of the people of Nebraska out of this
Union. I want to know whether the Governor
and the Legislature and the judiciary of Ne-
braskaor a majority of the people of Nebraska,
acting through a convention regularly called,
if you please, according to law, can take the
whole people of Nebraska out of the Union;
whether they can cut the tie of allegiance which
binds them to the Union; whether they can
absolve all that people from punishment for
crimes done to the Union; whether they can
make all the citizens in that State quasi for-
eigners and alien enemies?
Now, Mr. President, I have always under-
stood that it was utterly impossible for a cor-
poration to commit a crime. I never heard
of a railway company committing larceny. I
never heard of a turnpike company committing
burglary.
Mr. HOWARD. Nor trespass?
Mr. COWAN. No, sir, nor trespass. I
beg the honorable Senator's pardon. If they
commit a trespass they commit it in pursuance
of the provisions of their charter; that is, in
transcending the powers of their charter they
may commit a trespass ; but the^cannot com-
mit a crime. I should like to, hear my honor-
able friend from Massachusetts demonstrate
how it is possible for a corporation to commit
suicide. I can very well understand how a
man may commit suicide; I can understand
how the corporeal entities, beings, who are the
support of the trust and who are intrusted
with the administration of it can commit a
crime, how they can incur penalties, how for-
feitures might be declared with regard to them ;
but how the corporation itself, this thing which
exists in contemplation like the dagger in the
drama, can commit a crime, and how any act
of those who represent- it can involve innocent
people in. the consequences, passes my com-
prehension.
I understand that the theory of my honor-
able friend from Massachusetts is that because
the corporate authorities of the rebellious
States were guilty of certain offenses therefore
the States themselves committed suicide. I
understand the doctrine of my honorable friend
from fehio to be that because the States went
into rebellion—or rather not the States, for
the States had no authority to go, but because
their Governors, their Legislatures, and their
judges went into rebellion—therefore the States
incurred forfeitures. What forfeitures ? Not
the forfeitures which the law imposed upon
individuals, but forfeitures which it is pre-
tended we can impose on a State, on a, whole
people. If that be the dpetrine, it becomes of
the most intense importance; negro suffrage
pales beside it; female suffrage, sinks into
insign:ficance before the magnitude of the
question so far as it regards us.
I beg Senators to ponder on this question.
If it be tru§, a? I said before, that the corporate
authorities of my State can. by violating the
provisions or the charter of that State, can by
violating the laws of tjie Union and the Con-
stitution of the Union involve me in any way
in crime, I want to know it; and I want to
know whether, if it ean be so, it is upon any
other principle under heaven, upon earth, or
among men, except that these States are sov-
ereign. If my State is a sovereign State, and
if I am covered up in her vessel, inclosed in
her basket, only attached to the Union by a
ligament which attached her—if that is so, and
I am to be involved in the consequences of
her corporate wrongs ; her corporate faithless-
ness ; her infidelity to her v<^s, I want to know
it. And I say, Mr. President, again, that this is
the most important question which ha's ever
been presented to any people. Here we have
a central Government, a Government of the
Union. I owe it allegiance. How? When?
Where? How far? Is it absolute, or is it
qualified? Is it immediate, or is it through
somebody else?
If we leave this question as we have it now,
what is a man, to do ? Here is a double Gov-
ernment, a double sovereignty, a double al-
legiance. I . owe allegiance to the United
States of America, and I owe allegiance to the
State of Pennsylvania. I am told by honora-
ble gentlemen that I owe allegiance to the •'
General Government within its constitutional
sphere, and I am told that I owe allegiance to
the State of Pennsylvania within its reserved
sphere. Who is to draw the line, pray? When
am I to stop obeying the United States Govern-
ment and to begin to obey the State of Penn-
sylvania? When am I to stop obeying Penn-
sylvania and to begin to obey the United States
Government? >
Mr. President, I wish to direct the attention
of Senators to this fact in the Constitution of
our Government, that it is an anomaly. There
is no other Government on the earth situated
as this is; there is no other double Govern-
ment, no other double sovereignty, no other
double allegiance; and when you undertake to
talk about people being rebels and traitors, and
guilty of the highest crimes known among men,
it were well that we have the lines fixed so that
you and I may not stumble and incur these
imputations.
Now, I ask again, is the allegiance of the
people of Nebraska Territory, when they are
admitted as a State into the Union, to be a
personal, direct, and immediate allegiance to
the Government of the United States? If it
is, then I understand it; then, if I were &
citizen of that State, I should understand it
when it becomes a State. But if you leave it
as it is now, I am free to confess that I do not
understand it. I understand gentlemen upon
this floor to be astride a dilemma. I under-
stand them one moment to say that a man who
follows his State into rebellion and into war is
a rebel and a traitor; and I understand them in
the next breath to turn around and say that he
is a conquered victim, to hang over him not the
penalties of treason, not the penalties of the
municipal law, but to say to him " vceyictis,''
"at the mercy of the conqueror." Which of
these is your theory to-day ? Which is it, I ask
you ? I ask it of Conservatives and I ask it of
Radicals. Are you ready to answer it? _ You
must take one or the other. If this allegiance
to the United States is direct and immediate,
by what right can you declare that States
commit suicide, and that States go out of
the Union, and that the whole people of
a State, innocent and guilty, men, women,
and children, irrespective of the part they took
in the war, are criminal and to beheld at your
mercy ? If on the other hand the tie is through
the State, if it is not direct between the person
