1887.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
the liber in every shape, from flax and from
hemp.
Now, the Senate have not only cut down the
rute lixed by the House bill from forty-five to
fitteen dollars per ton on the unmanufactured
flax, but they have shown a disposition to pro-
tect everything except what we raise in the
interior of the couutry. And when the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, very properly dis-
agreeing with the Senate, undertake to give us
something like the same protection upon these
articles which they have given to the manu-
facturers, they cannot get back to anything like
what it was in the original bill of tile House,
that is, forty-five dollars per ton on unmanu-
factured flax: they propose merely to raise it
from fifteen to twenty dollars per ton.
T he original House bill fixed the duty, as I
understand, at forty-five dollars per ton.
Now, sir, what is the case with manufactured
goods? You may look over this whole bill, and
it I do not mistake, yon will find that, calcula-
ting it by a per cent, as an ad valorem, duty,
the general average of protection is about one
hundred and twenty-two per cent. Wherever
manufactures come into consideration the tax
is to bo raised. A little while ago we put a
prohibitory duty upon the article of bunting ;
I do not complain of that, for if there is any-
thing the manufacture of which for our own
use should be carried on exclusively by our-
selves, it is the material of our national flag.
I am willing therefore that no bunting shall
ever be imported. But the matter has not
stopped there. A vast number of other manu-
factures have been cared for iu the same way.
Take for instance the article of oil-cloth, which
we had under consideration a little while ago.
Not satisfied with the percentage of tariff in
the shape of an ad valorem duty put on by the
Senate, the committee have added to that a
five and ten per cent, specific duty. Thus
continually all through the bill the manufac-
turing interests receive the most liberal pro-
tection. But when we come to our western
productions, such as I have named, hides, flax-
seed, flax, tow, &c., we cannot even get back
to that which the Committee on Ways and Means
once thought was right.
Sir, I am for a fair arrangement of this mat-
ter. If protection is afforded to those who are
engaged in manufactures, we of the West want
not only indirect protection upon that with
which we feed them, but direct protection such
as they receive upon all those articles which,
as raw material, may enter into the manufac-
tures of the country.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I am not
more surprised at some of the extravagant
statements of the learned and distinguished
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] than I
am at his theory of protecting the flax-growers
of Ohio. Why, sir, he would protect the grower
of flax by putting such a duty upon it as to
prohibit entirely its introduction here from
abroad, and then put so low a duty upon the
manufactured articles of flax that the foreign
articles would come in to the exclusion of all
flax manufacturers at home, and preclude the
possibility^ consuming or selling any of the
raw mateiial or flax grown at the West.
Now, Mr. Chairman, under the theory on
which we acted in years past, the article of
linen in IStiO was receiving a protection of only
fifteen per cent. LTnder the influence of the
power dominant here then we had to allow
articles consumed in the "sunny South" to
come in at about one half the rate which north-
ern people had to pay. While a duty of thirty
per cent, was imposed upon cotton manufac-
tures, only fifteeu per cent, was imposed upon
linen. We have since changed all that, and
equalized the duties. This has a tendency to
build up these manufactories in places where
flax is grown. And I say to the gentleman
from Ohio that is the most effectual way, if not
the only way, in which he can procure any
efficient protection for flax, is to go for a policy
that will establish its manufacture in the neigh-
borhood where it is produced.
Now, Mr. Chairmau, the statement that vvc
1605
{ have raised the protection upon all manufac-
i tured articles up to one hundred and twenty-
two per cent, is monstrous when tested by the
provision of this bill, ihe gentleman is utterly
mistaken. \\hy, sir, as to many of the arti-
cles in the bill the duties are stilted iu ad valo-
rem terms, and at once refute the gentleman's
statement. ^ A number of articles are at less
than forty-five or even forty, thirty, twenty,
and dowu even to ten per cent. And many
of the specific duties are merely a translation
from the rates at which they stand iu the exist-
ing tariff, being not at all increased. Yet the
gentleman comes here on the pretense that we
have raised the duties generally to one hun-
dred and twenty-two per cent., and asks us to
■ raise the duty upon flax two hundred to three
hundred per cent, upon the present duty,
which is fifteen dollars per ton. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means thought proper to raise
that duty thirty-three and a third per cent.,
' having increased it to twenty dollars per ton.
If we increase the whole tariff at this rate it
would probably be satisfactory to the country.
If the gentleman's motion should prevail,
then there would be no possibility of the
manufacturing interests of the country obtain-
ing imported flux, and they would be extin-
guished. The flax imported from abroad to
be made into threads is a finer article than can
be raised upon the fallow bottom lauds of the
West. The growth there is rank and coarse,
and makes up in bulk what it lacks in fine-
ness.
Take for instance the article of leather, and
I thank God I come from a State where I am
not required to humbug my people on any of
j these questions. If we impose a duty of
( twenty-five or thirty per cent, on raw hide !
what would be the result? We would import I
the article already manufactured, tanned and
curried and dressed, and there would be no
chance for the sale of domestic raw hides.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment, and for the purpose of answering the
gentleman from Vermont will make it forty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, gentlemen are very sensitive
here if ^we point out objectionable features in
this legislation, and we are reminded they have
i constituents who are not to be humbugged. Ii
| want gentlemen to understand it is not neces- \
, sary to humbug my constituents, their eyes are j
; open to this matter and they desire the gen-
1 tleman from Vermont shall neither humbug
1 them nor this House. j
I I am charged with making a monstrous prop- I
osition when I propose forty-five dollars per '
ton upon this unmanufactured flax. Does the
gentleman know where I get that proposition? ,j
I get it outof hisown bill, House bill No. 718, j
reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means, and passed by this House at the last
session of Congress. I want to go back to that
; bill. I went home to my constituents and told
them a tariff bill had passed, and I had voted
| for it, which greatly iucreased import duties,
i and for the first time while it increased largely
on manufactured goods there had been some-
thing like justice done to western interests.
; On that ground I could defend my vote. I
ask the gentleman to answer whether it is not
what was in bill No. 718?
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say when the
bill was reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means it contained no such proposition,
but that proposition was inserted in the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Under the auspices of the
gentleman from Vermont, who managed that
bill in the House, he permitted to be inserted
and to go to the Senate a duty of forty-five
dollars per ton upon flax, and because I now
ask we shall stand by that bill passed last sum-
mer I am charged with humbugging, charged
with making a monstrous and absurd proposi-
tion.
I dare say the gentleman from Vermont
tried to get it low then as now. What is forty-
five dollars a ton ? Nothing like the percentage
you give to the manufactured article for its j
protection. They put the manufactures from I
this article at forty and fifty per cent, ad va-
lorem, and how much will forty-five dollars a
ton on this raw material be? According to
the gentleman's own estimate of value not as
much as twenty per cent. I tlike his own
standard and say forty-five, and I want to sec
whether we will give the manufactured article
the same protection as manufactured goods.
I insist on it.
; # 1 race this bill all the way through and you
will find the Senate in the most remarkable
manner where they could find anything to pro-
, tect the growers of the country put it down to
a low figure, and the House committee disagree
with the Senate very properly and put it up
again. They never succeed, however, some-
! how, in getting them as high as in the bill
passed at the last session. I was satisfied with
the bill of the last session so far as this protec-
tion is concerned, but I am not satisfied with
the amendments of the Committee of Waysand
-Means.
' . ^r- GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, while I
dislike to enter into a contest on this question,
I am bound to say the statements of my col-
league [Mr. Sciiexck] are in many particulars
incorrect. The Committee of Waysand Means
at the last sessiou introduced a bill proposing
to make the duty on unmanufactured flax
twenty dollars per ton, but the House fixed it
at forty-five dollars per ton. The Senate re-
duced it to fifteen, as it now is in the law. The
Committee of Ways and Means moved to re-
store the rate originally reported by them at
the last session, and put it back to twenty dol-
lars a ton, as it stands in the printed bill before
us. So that all this talk about forty-five dol-
lars per ton as being a part of the report of
the Committee of Ways and Means or any-
thing for which they are in any way respon-
sible goes for nothing. The Committee of
W ays and Means voted against such an increase
and voted for precisely what they now propose;
it is a thing they have all the while maintained.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman tell
us what flax is worth per ton ?
Mr. GARFIELD. About two hundred and
fifty dollars.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then fifteen dollars is
only six per cent.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is a matter of
arithmetic. I have no quarrel with his figures.
Never but once in the history of this country
has the tariff on flax been as high as is pro-
posed in this bill. In the tariff of 1842 it was
twenty dollars per ton, and in a subsequent
tariff it was made free, unjustly so. It was
then put up again little by little, and for the
last ten years it has been fifteen dollars, where
j it now is.
) But I wish to say to my colleague, that flax
j is grown in this country mainly for the seed
and the oil, and hundreds of tons of flax fiber
in the West are thrown away every year, and '
why? Because we have no adequate estab-
lishment for the manufacture of flax in this
country. And you can never do anything in
the flax interest in the way of raising it for sale
until you make a market and bring the manu-
facturer and producer close together. Now,
if you propose to pile up the tax on the raw
material it will do us in the West no good.
Unless you make it possible to manufacture
flax here you will put your tariff on the raw
material in vain. There must be a proper rela-
tion between the duty on the raw material and
the manufactured article.
The committee therefore propose an advance
of thirty-three and one third per cent., never to
put it up three hundred per cent, as the gen-
tleman proposes. That would be out of all
proportion in this enormous bill, which I think
in many respects is entirely out of proportion
to what it should be.
Mr. SCHENCK. I modify my amendment
by making it '• forty-five per cent, ad valorem."
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Schenok, there were—ayes 49, noes 45.
Mr. MORRILL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Suhenck aad Garfxs.u>.
