930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
ought to pay in proportion. I believe it is
sound and right in principle, and ought to be
adopted. And I will say that in many of those
cheaper articles the proportion of labor is only
about twenty per cent., while in the more
costly articles it is from forty-five to fifty per
cent. I speak of labor and machinery in-
cluded.
Mr. HOWE. I want to say a single word,
because I believe I have got to vote differently
from the way my friends from my section of the
country are generally going to vote. I am not
going to vote with any reference to the inter-
ests of Mr. Slater at all, nor with any special
reference to the interests of manufacturers. I
am going to vote, as I have tried to vote all
through this struggle, for the interests of the
agricultural class. The only way we can pro-
tect the wool-growers, it seems to me, is by fix-
ing duties so high as that they can raise wool
here cheaper than wool can be imported.
When that point is reached the wool-grower,
it seems to me, is satisfied. I suppose they
have fixed that ratp of duty in this bill, be-
cause I understand the bill fixes it at the rate
agreed upon by the wool-growers themselves.
Now, it seems to me the wool-grower has, then,
the same interest in maintaining the manufac-
ture of wool on this continent that he has in
maintaining the growth of it, because who ever
imports a yard of cloth competes with the wool-
grower just as much as the man who imports
four pounds of wool, for I understand there
are four pounds of wool in a yard of cloth. If
it be true, then, that the increase of duty asked
for by the Senator from Massachusetts is essen-
tial to maintain the manufacture of wool here,
it is for the interest of the wool-grower that
the manufacturer should have that protection,
for we certainly cannot hope to raise wool to
export, and unless we can have manufactures
to work it up, I take it, our farmers will aban-
don the business of growing wool. I may be
mistaken in this sort of reasoning, but it does
seem to me that this duty is just as essential
to the wool-grower as the-duty on wool itself.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Conness, Cragin, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Foster, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Harris,
Howe, Morganv Morriil, Poland, Sprague, Stewart,
Van "Winkle, Wade, Williams, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Davis, Fogg, Grimes,
Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane,
Patterson, Ramsey, Sherman, Trumbull, Willey.
and Yates—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler,
Cowan, Creswell, Dixon, Doolittle, Guthrie, Hender-
son, McDougall. Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy,
Riddle, Ross, Salisbury, and Sumner—IS.
So the amendment to the amendment was
to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask for a vote now on
horseshoe nails. I desire to amend the mo-
tion I made before in this respect. I asked for
seven cents instead of five. The present duty
is five cents by the existing tariff. The in-
crease of duty on iron is three fourths. I now
ask for six cents. I move on page 31, line
one hundred and fifty-three, to strike out
" five " and insert " six ; " so as to read:
On horseshoe nails, all kinds, six cents per pound.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I think there is one amend-
ment I proposed this evening that ought to
prevail. It is on page 8, section one, in refer-
ence to cotton goods. The committee have
reduced the duties upon cotton goods twenty
per cent.; that is, where it was five they have
placed it four. The commissioner informs me
this morning that the authority by which the
reduction was made has informed him bv letter
that, in consequence of the increased duty upon
every thing that enters into the manufacture of
cotton cloth, the present duty should be rein-
stated. I trust the committee will agree to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not satisfied. I
saw the letter. It was one that I did not attach
anv consequence to.
Mr. SPIIAGUE. The committee have re-
duced the duties on cotton goods twenty per
eetit. I have statements to show to the Senate,
but I will not take up their time, that the pro-
tection upon the goods that are represented by
this class is one and three eighths cents only, and
I can prove it to the satisfaction df anybody.
There is no agreement between the cotton
manufacturers and cotton producers. [Laugh-
ter.] The iron and the starch and the castings
and the steel have all been increased, and all
those items enter into the production of a piece
of cotton cloth. 1 will mention the article of
potato starch. The duty fixed by the commit-
tee is four and a half cents; the old duty was
two and a half cents. It is so in everything,
except cotton, that enters into the production
of cotton cloth; and notwithstanding that, the
duties have been decreased. Mr. Commis-
sioner Wells says that the authority upon which
this reduction was made has informed him that
the present duty ought to be replaced. There
is no mistake about it: it is a self-evident
proposition.
Mr.' McDOUGALL. It is so long since I
learned my first mathematics that I have
almost forgotten what is positive, and I am
not a great master of figures. What the gen-
tleman says may be very true ; he understands
the computation of numbers and must have
been a great student of all forms of mechan-
ics from his youth upward. He knows how
every thing can be produced that can be pro-
duced by art and science. Very well; I do
not accept his judgment as compelling mine,
for, thinking severely, I happen to think that
my mathematics is even superior to his own.
This may be called a boast, and it may be a
boast, but still it is the simple truth.
Now, sir, as I am on the floor, I wish to say
a few words before we reach the final vote. I
shall vote for this measure when it is matured
by the chairman of the Finance Committee, for
whom I have great respect, as he knows, al-
though the principles involved in it are not
such as to meet with my full concurrence.
I shall have to go back many years to explain
the reason why 1 shall thus vote. There was
an occasion when a man whom I remember as
one of the most distinguished men of our Re-
public, having argued many times against a
certain course of policy, yet voted for it because
it was demanded by the interests of the Re-
public. I speak of Silas Wright. I shall sup-
port this bill, although I object, not to the
measure as it stands, but to its underlying con-
siderations. The trouble is not the tariff; the
trouble is our financial condition, aft'd the way
it has been organized.
We Jjave to raise large amounts of money.
We have to impose upon the people taxation
sufficient to raise revenue enough to support
the Government. It is caused much by the way
our finances have been organized, and in this
remark I have no reference to the Finance
Committee, but to the policy organized at the
opening of the war—to the organization of the
national banks, to the system that undertook
to make that a dollar which is not a dollar.
The consequence is, that when a laborer asks
for his daily wages, instead of two dollars a
day, which was formerly sufficient, he asks
five dollars, and ho cannot get it because of
the confusion of tfye currency.
We have to-da|" in this country about five
times as much currency as is justified by a
proper and souijjl business, and therefore wc
have to pay hi^K taxes. The taxes must be
paid;' the Government must be supported ;
but the error *is in the basis of our system.
We have at the center of the Government a
power gravitating throughout the whole Re-
public. I suppose that our five hundred banks,
with ,a license from this capital to transact
business, are all inviting the honest trader to
borrow $50, $500, $5,000, it being profitable
to the "institution with which he deals.
That requires a condition of. affairs that dis-
ables us from having steady exchange abroad
and transacting with advantage our business
with foreign nations. Thai is the reason why
we must have this tariff to which 1 submit only
as a political necessity. It is wrong, in my
judgment, not as presently presented, but wrong
because wise policy did not lie at the founda-
tion of the organization of the system. I think
that in its organization the great interests of
the Republic were not highly regarded, and
that great ambitions had much to do with it,
as great ambitions had when Caesar went pro-
consul into Spain. What for him? To redeem
his own personal fortunes, and then come back
pro-consul to be received through the gates of
Rome triumphant. I do not say that this is the
truth; but I do fear that it is the truth, and that
fear sometimes makes me tremble for a Re-
public instituted by the wise men of our age
which they designed to last through many cen-
turies, but which now, not yet having passed a
century, is threatened with utter dissolution.
The underlying evil I think is in the financial
policy of the Government; but our necessities
must be met.
. 1 do not undertake to speak as a very thor-
oughly-informed man; but as well as I have
been able to think, and now presently, as well
as I am able to speak, I say this evil must be
corrected in our financial system generally
throughout the Republic to enable us to main-
tain our institutions with half our present ex-
penses, and then we shall not be compelled to
demoralize ten thousand men regularly. The
ten thousand men of whom I speak are the
agents, accessories, and employes of the insti-
tutions that grow out of the banking system
started here. I am somewhat responsible for
what I call this iniquity, and I have long desired
the time when I might state, and make public
record of the fact, that I think I did a great
wrong when I went for the bill which first estab-
lished this currency. I thought it a public
necessity at that moment, and I voted for the
first bill that made paper money a legal tender.
It was then said by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance and by the Secretary of the
Treasury that $100,000,000 would be suffi-
cient. I submitted to that as a then present
necessity. It has now grown into Gorgon-
eared Briareus hands, and Argus eyes, stretch-
ing around this our Republic and injurious to
its health. When General Jackson feared a
combination of $30,000,000 of capital, he had,
by his brave constitution and his great will, the
power to" check aji institution that threatened
to demoralize our system at that time; but
there was comparatively little danger then to
what there is now, when $700,000,000 are afloat
and being used in the same manner and for
the same purpose.
I say these things, not as arguments against
the bill, for I have already indicated that I
shall vote for it, but I say them to give full
expression to what I believe to be the truth,
and what I should like to express as the truth.
I desire not only those who are now present
here, but others to hear what I think to be the
truth.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The question before the
Senate is to place the duties on cotton goods
the same as tliey are at present, not to increase
them. "The proposition of the committee is to
decrease them. My proposition is to permit
them to remain as at present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There has
been no amendment submitted.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I made a motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator from Rhode Island state his motion ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. My motion is, on page 8,
lino fourteen of section two, to strike out
"four" and insert "five;" in line fifteen to
strike out "four and one half" and insert
"five and one half;" in line sixteen to strike
out "four and one half" andinsert " five and
one half." Those are the figures in the pres-
ent tariff hill.
The amendment to the amendment was
■rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I offer the following
amendment to come in at the end of the bill?
It Shall he lawfulto import into the United States
any goods not prohibited, and to warehouse such as
are subject to duties of customs in duly approved
warehou3cs.without payment of duties on their first
entry; but the duties on goods imported from (Treat
Britain or from Europe shall-be paid on importation.
