1606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
« *
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 56, noes 60.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MAYNARD. I propose another amend-
ment to the amendment of the committee, by
making it "twenty per cent, ad valorem."
That is just about what was adopted at the last
session.
Mr. BROOMALL. Make it specific.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order; but
the Chair will allow it, as no objection has
been made. The only word proposed to be
inserted by the Committee of Ways and Means
is "fifteen."
Mr. MAYNARD. I will move to strike
out "twenty" and insert "forty;" so that it
will read "forty dollars per ton."
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman with-
draw it?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will if the gentleman
will renew it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will propose $100. Mr.
Chairman, $100 duty on a ton valued at $250
is forty per cent. What we ask, therefore, is
forty per cent.; and gentlemen, including to
my surprise my colleague, [Mr. Garfield,]
hold up their hands and roll up their eyes in
pious horror at the idea of giving that amount
of protection to anything in the West. "Why,"
says my colleague, "it never has been so high
before." I know it, and sitting here a friend
of protective tariff, for eight years I have voted
ay or no as those who get up tariff bills have
told me to do. But, sir, we begin to find that
something like fair play is proper in these
things, and we begin to conclude that while
you protect one class of industrial pursuits it
is well enough to look to another. While you
protect one section of the country in its pre-
vailing interest, it is well enough not to forget
that there are other sections having their own
interest, their own capital invested, and their
own labor applied to the production of articles
that it may be well enough to have fostered.
Now, sir, what is it we ask? Simply that
articles which we can ourselves produce, and
do produce in this country, shall not be put on
the same footing as raw material not capable
of being produced in the country, but brought
from abroad for the use of manufacturers
here. We claim that that which we do and
can produce shall have the same protection
which is given to the industry of the country
applied to the business of manufactures.
All the gentlemen on the Committee of
Ways and Means claim great credit for having
fone from fifteen up to twenty dollars per ton.
low, what is it after all? How much is twenty
dollars per ton upon that which costs $'250?
Eight per cent. Do you hear that, gentlemen
of the West ? Get down on your marrow-bones
and thank these gentlemen for having pro-
tected you to the extent of eight per cent,
when they themselves have got from forty-five
to one hundred per cent, protection. Why do
you not feel grateful? Why do you not express
your gratitude ? Such liberality was never
known before, and because it was never known
before you have always been imposed upon.
You are to bow your necks to the burden and
bear the yoke that is to be imposed upon you
in the future. That is the argument and it is
all there is of it.
I propose that we wake up. I propose that
we try our hand at making tariffs, and see
whether we cannot turn out possibly as good
an.article as these gentlemen who have manu-
factured it hitherto up in the manufacturing
regions. We have not been accustomed so
much to manufacturing tariffs or anything else
as they have. We are in our infancy as yet.
These are new and struggling interests with us,
but 1 think if we continue to hammer away at
a good many of these things, tariffs included,
we shall by and by find we can manufacture
them as well as other goods, for the consump-
ti?n{ enjoyment, and protection of the people
of this country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I remember, Mr. Chair-
man, when I was a boy I looked upon the ven-
erable and distinguished gentleman from Ohio,
then a member of this House, as a very Ga-
maliel—reading his speeches with delight—and
I must say I think- the counsel of the Ohio
statesman then could be more safely followed
than now. I am not a little surprised that a
gentleman of the experience in legislation of
my friend [Mr. Schenck] should be compelled
to resort to the kind of argument that he pre-
sents here to-day. Now, sir, I live somewhat
distant from Ohio, and yet as neither of the
gentlemen from Ohio seem to be aware of the
price of flax at their own homes, I believe I
will take it upon myself to inform them. When
flax manufactures were receiving only a pro-
tection of fifteen per cent, duty, flax itself
could only be sold in Ohio at so low a price
that it was thrown away. It would not bring
over eight or ten cents a pound. Since we have
inaugurated a new system, notwithstanding the
reproaches of the gentleman of the source
whence it came, of giving protection to linen
and flax manufacture, the same article of flax
brings twenty cents per pound. That is the
way we have encouraged the growth of flax;
and if we can only induce people to raise it for
the sake of the fiber, instead of raising it solely
for its seed, we shall confer a blessing upon
his people; for the cultivation of an acre of
ground for the fiber will produce even at the
lowest market price more than three times
what it produces for the seed.
And now let me call the gentleman's atten-
tion to the effect of the tariff of 1846, against
which he formerly warred. That tariff put the
same duty on wool that was put on broadcloth,
and what was the result? Prior to that time
we were manufacturing broadcloths all over
the country, and it was a profitable manufacture,
and they were sold at a remarkably low rate,
but as soon as that tariff came into operation
it extinguished every one of the manufactories;
there was not a yard of broadcloth in a very
brief time manufactured in the country, and
the prices of cloth went up while the price of
wool came down to twenty-five cents a pound.
That was the result. And now I take it, how-
ever wild the gentleman from Ohio is, he is
not going to vaccinate the American House of
Representatives with any such doctrine or pol-
icy as he seems to be so zealously proclaiming.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question, whether by the tariff of 1846
there was not a specific duty fixed upon this
of fifteen per cent., while now the gentleman
is giving us eight per cent.
Mr. MORRILL. Admitting the fact, is it
not also the fact that the manufacture of flax
was not pursued at all in the country, and
hence they had to bum it up; but under the en-
couragement we have afforded for the last six
years the price has already doubled the price
of the raw material. And that is the only
proper way we can do it. For the last half
dozen years it has been the policy of Congress
to allow flax machinery to be imported free
of duty, and I tell the gentleman that this is
the most efficient mode by which we can en-
courage the growth of flax or increase its price.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
mentofMr. Schenck, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
striking out "twenty dollars" and inserting
"forty-five dollars;" which, according to the
price of unmanufactured flax as given by gen-
tlemen in this debate, will be only eighteen per
cent ad valorem.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 4o, noes 55.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. MAYNARD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Maynard and
Mr. Raymond were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 49, noes 56.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We may as well give
this flax question a fair trial. I move to
amend the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means by striking out "twenty dol-
lars" and inserting "thirty dollars."
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 46, noes 50.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. BENJAMIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Benjamin,
and Mr. Washburn, of Massachusetts, were
appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 48, noes 49.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
The committee rose informally; and the
Speaker resumed the chair.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 509) to amend certain
acts in relation to the Navy, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested. '
tariff bill again.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means, to increase the duty on unmanufactured
flax from fifteen to twenty dollars per ton.
Mr. SCHENCK. We may as well "fight
it out on this line;" I therefore move to strike
out "twenty dollars" and insert "forty dol-
lars." Gentlemen need not suggest to me
that I am fillibustering. This is not filibus-
tering ; it is standing up for the neglected "in-
terests of the country, whatever the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] or any other
gentleman may say.
Sir, we all know perfectly well how all these
tariffs are made. The moment the Committee
of Ways and Means begins to tinker at one—
and there is one of the brood brought forth
every year—that moment the manufacturers
rush to Washington and burst the doors of the
room of that committee. There is not a mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means who
will not aver the truth of all I say about this
matter. Each one of the manufacturers has
his own particular interest. One makes oil-
cloths and he wants some more protection on
them; another manufactures carpets and wants
more protection upon them.
And by way of illustration, I ask gentlemen
to look at the portion of this bill relating to
carpets and see how it is fixed up. There are
certain carpets of comparatively inferior quality
which are manufactured in this country. You
put a very high tariff on them. The Senate put
a high tariff upon the Aubusson and Axininster
carpets, which are not manufactured in this
country and which are articles of luxury. But
the Committee of Ways and Means propose to
cut down the tariff proposed by the Senate on
these high-priced carpets from eighty or ninety
per cent, ad valorem to about fifty per cent.
ad valorem. Now, what is the effect of that?
Your wealthy manufacturer here can manu-
facture the more ordinary kinds of carpet, upon
which he has a high rate of protection, and can
make money enough out of them to afford to
buy for his own use the luxurious carpets which
are made abroad and allowed to come in at a
low rate of duty. Now, I do not say this for
the purpose of demagoguing upon this subject,
but to illustrate the whole character of the
proceeding which has been entered upon in
this matter of protecting the interests of the
country.
Perhaps if I was a member of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and surrounded by this
atmosphere and influence, I might feel some-
what as every other gentleman upon that com-
mittee seems to feel, even though he be frcm
the West. But outside of the Committee cf
Ways and Means, and at home, we breathe a
somewhat different air.
Now, what is the fact in regard to this article
of flax? The gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] explains to us that it is in conse-
quence of these manufacturers ; that instead of
