1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
The object of that is to offset a similar law
now. on the statute-books of Great Britain,
and I will read it. It will be all I shall say
upon the subject. The law is as follows:
" It shall be lawful to import into the United King-
dom any goods not prohibited, and to warehouse
such as are subject to duties of customs in duly ap-
proved warehouses without payment of duty on their
first entry; butthe duties on the following goods shall
be paid on importation: on corn, grain, meal, flour,
wood goods."
. Every article which this country can furnish
is subject to this restriction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is changing the
warehouse system as at present established. I
hope it will not be voted at this time of night.
The amendment to the- amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise merely to ask the Sen-
ate to decide upon an amendment which I
offered a day or two since in relation to hemp.
I ask the Clerk to read it.
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is not aware of any pending amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I presented it some, days
ago for the consideration of the Senate, but
neglected to ask for the yeas and nays. I offered
it in Committee of the Whole but not in the
Senate. On page'22, line ten of section six, I
move to strike out " twenty-five " and to insert
"fifty."
Mr. PESSENDEN. The Senator tried that
in the Senate. It was after we took the bill
out of committee. I told him he could offer it
after we got into the Senate. He agreed to it.
When we got into the Senate it was tried and
rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. No; he withdrew it.
There was no vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I was mistaken.
Mr. DAVIS. I grouped several amendments
together. I move now to strike out "twenty-
five" in line ten and to insert "fifty."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. . The Jour-
nal shows that the amendment was moved after
the bill was reported to the Senate and a vote
taken upon it, declaring it not to be agreed to.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. That was my recollec-
tion. If it was rejected it cannot be moved
again.
Mr. DAVIS. If that is the state of the case
I have nothing more to say.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am' satisfied the
record is wrong.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is right. It is ex-
actly according to my recollection.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 do not make this
statement for the purpose of affecting the vote,
because the amendment would be voted down
if presented; but the Senator from Kentucky,
instead of pressing a vote upon his amendment,
withdrew it, and made a motion to recommit
the bill. That is the state of the case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; we took a vote on
it, but he did not call for a division.
Mr. HENDERSON. I stated merely what
my recollection is. The Senator from Ken-
tucky made no such proposition as this is in
the first place. He moved to amend in various
lines, not upon this point alone, but upon va-
rious others, and heuce this amendment is
now in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole as it has been
amended.
Mr. GRIMES. Upon one question that was
submitted to the Senate the other day upon
which there was a vote, I am pretty well satis-
fied on more mature reflection that I cast an
injudicious vote, and I should like to correct
it. I refer to the vote adopting the amendment
of the Senator from Michigan in regard to scrap
iron. I move to reconsider that vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not be
done.
Several Sexators. We will vote it down.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senate will vote
it down I shall not inflict a speech upon them.
The motion to reconsider was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole as it has been
amended.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. HENDERSON. On page 21, line
twenty of section five, I move to strike out
"sixty" and insert "seventy."
The ^PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The motion
is not in order. The amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole has been amended,
and as amended has been concurred in. It is
not now susceptible, of amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is not the bill sus-
ceptible of amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment, as amended, is not. New sections can
be added; but the text of the amendment, as
amended, having been agreed to in the Senate,
is not now amendable.
The amendment was ordered to bo engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read a third time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On the passage of the
bill I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the
Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. GRIMES, (when Mr. Brown's name
was called.) I have received a message from
the Senator from Missouri, telling me that he
is confincd to his room by sickness, and desir-
ing me to announce when his name was called
that if he were here he would vote against the
passage of the bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW, (when his name was
called.) I have paired off upon this question
with the Senator from Maryland who is absent,
[Mr. Orf.swki.t,.]
The result was announced—yeas 27, nays
10 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cranio,
Edmunds, i'essenden, Foster, Frclinfthuysen,
Harris, Howard, Howe, Johnson, McDougn.II, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Poland, Ramsey, Sherman, SpraKUe,
Stewart, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wil-
son, and Yates—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis,Doolittlo, Fowler, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Ivirkwood, Lane, Patterson,
and Trumbull—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buclsnlew,
Cowan, CicMvell, Dixon, Guthrie, Nesmith, Norton,
Nye, Pomeroy, Riddle, Itoss, Saulsbury, and Sum-
ner—15.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate (at
twenty-eight minutes past twelve o'clock,)
adjourned.
' 1 *
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 1, 1807.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boy.ntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
smithsonian institution.
Mr. PATTERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to receive into the Treasury the
residuary legacy of James Smithson,to author-
ize the Regents of the Smithsonian Institution
to apply the income of the said legacy, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to receive into the Treasury,
on the same terms as the original bequest, the
residuary legacy of James Sinithson, ndw in
United States bonds in the hands of said Sec-
retary, namely, $26,210 63, together with such
other sums as the Regents may from time to
time see fit to deposit, not exceeding, with the
original bequest, the sum of $1,000,000. It
further provides that the income which has
accrued, or which may hereafter accrue, from
said residuary legacy shall bo applied by the
Board of Regents in the same manner as the
interest on the original bequest, in accordance
with the provisions of the act of August 10,
1846, establishing said Institution.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PATTERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed", and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table. .
The latter motion was agreed to.
john a. webster.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported a joint
resolution to permit John A. Webster, jr., of
the steamer Mahoning, to receive from the
Government of Great Britain a gold chronom-
eter; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that John A.
Webster, jr., of the revenue-cutter service,
captain of the steamer Mahoning, shall be
permitted to receive from the Government of
Great Britain a gold chronometer which that
Government is desirous to award to him in
token of its appreciation of valuable services
rendered by Captain Webster to several Brit-
ish vessels in distress on our coast.
Mr. ELIOT. I have a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury on this subject, as fol-
lows ;
Tkbasuky Department, Januarv 29, 1867.
Sir: Her Britannio Majesty's minister at Wash-
ington, 8ir Frederick W. A. Bruce, having commu-
nicated to the Department of State the fact that tho
Govci nmont of Great Britain desires to award to Cap-
tain John A. Webster, jr., of tho revenue steamer
Mahonimc, a chronometer for valuable services ren-
dered by him to several British vessels in distress on
tho eoast: that Department has communicated to
this Department the request of Sir Frederick that an
application be made by Congress for permission to
enable Captain Webster to aceopt such testimonial,
in conformity with tho intentions oftho British Gov-
ernment.
3 have, therefore, tho honor to submit tho subject
to tho consideration of the Committee on Comincrco
for such notion on tho part of Congress as will give
Captain Webster, ahighly meritorious officer, author-
ity to receive the testimonial referred to.
I am, vory respectfully,
hugh Mcculloch,
tiecrciary of the Treasury.
Hon. T. D. Ei.iot, Ariino (1 hairman of the ComnMtPc
on Commcrcr, ilouac of lifprewnlativi'H.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LErTWlCII moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution'was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was ag'feed to.
pentwatek and 1'iekre marquette. "
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Rceohvil, That tho Secretary of War bo directed
to transmit to this House the reports and estimates
prepared undor tho surveys of the past year for tho
improvement of tho harbors of Pentwater and Pierro
Marquetto, on Lake Michigan.
balks of confiscated copper stills.
Mr. DARLTNG, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee of Waysand Moans
bo instructed to inquire into tho expediency of so
amending the internal revenue lawas to require the
destruction of all copper stills which may be confis-
cated to tho United States, and the sale of tho same
as old eoppcr only.
enrolled bill and resolution signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee onEnrollod
Bills, reported thatthccommitteehad examined
and found truly enrolled a bill and joint reso-
lution of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same :
An act (II. U. No. 819) for the relief of
Richard A. Vervalen and others; and
Joint resolution (II. II. No. 120) for tha
relief of certain settlers on the Sioux reserva-
tion, in tho State of Minnesota.
presidential proclamation^.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. When House bill
No. 859, to declare valid and conclusive cer-
tain proclamations of the President and acts
done in pursuance thereof, &o., was recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Judiciary, some
