1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1607
throwing away this flax fiber to the extent we
did formerly, we now get twenty cents per
pound for it. What is the value of a ton of
twenty-two hundred and forty pounds at twenty
cents per pound? Only $240. The highest
price I put upon it was $250 per ton. And
according to his own arithmetic he proposes to i
allow us a duty of only five or six per cent. |
But that is not the price by which the duty >
on the foreign article is to be controlled. The '
foreign flax fiber is produced at less than that
per ton, and the duty is to be reckoned on that;
so that we will not even get the protection the
gentleman intimates. Put it in the best light ,
you can, and these gentlemen are only willing 1
to let us have about eight per cent, ad valorem ,
protection on our flax fiber, while they take
from forty-five to one hundred per cent, pro-
tection upon the articles in which they are in-
terested. There is no escaping that. I know
there is a theory about the tariff, and I believe
in much of it: that you must build up your
own manufactures, and thus create a market
for your own productions of raw materials.
But no man can persuade me that to let in
cheap flax from abroad and compel us to burn
Bp our own flax fiber because for want of pro-
tection we cannot manufacture it, is protection
to our flax-growing interests. There are the
stubborn facts in opposition to all theories.
We cannot, as the gentleman himself admits,
find a sale for our flax, but must burn it up.
Why? Because it is not protected. What
would the manufacturers think if they had to
burn up some of their productions? There
would be a vast difference then between your
bull goring my ox and my bull making an
Attack on your ox.
What is the statement of the gentleman
from Vermont ? That we are gradually getting
a somewhat higher price for our flax; and I
suppose that we shall be told not to kill the
goose that lays the golden eggs nor attempt
to hurry the process of incubation in any way,
but remain satisfied with whatever protection
may be doled out to us, even though this pro-
tection comes so slowly that we are obliged to
burn up or destroy in one year thirty thousand
tons of flax fiber, (as is shown by the statistical
table to have been the case during the last
year,) because for want of protection this fiber
could not be manufactured.
Here, I say, are stubborn facts in opposi-
tion to all theories; and so far as facts go
the arithmetical calculation may be taken as
one of the facts. There is peculiar inconsist-
ency in regarding us as the obliged party be-
cause we get protection to the extent of eight
per cent., when the manufacturing interests
complain that they have not enough protec-
tion if they get forty-five or fifty per cent., or
more.
. Mr. MORRILL. It seems to me that the
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] are founded entirely, if he will per-
mit me to say it, on a want of information.
He refers to Aubusson and Axminster carpets,
and he asks, " Why are lower rates of duty
placed upon these than were fixed by the Sen-
ate?" If the gentleman had understood the
facts he would have seen that with the duty as
proposed by the amendment to the Senate bill
. the Government will get the largest^amount of
revenue. These carpets are of high quality
and are very expensive, and an ad valorem
duty of fifty per cent, will bring much more
revenue into the Treasury than the duty fixed
by the Senate. .
Mr. SCHENCK. But it is a lower tariff.
Mr. MORRILL. I say that we shall get
more revenue from these carpets under the
duty here proposed than under the duty pro-
posed in the Senate bill. An ad valorem, duty
of fifty per cent, upon this description of carpets
is higher than would be the highest specific rate
imposed by the bill.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in relation to this sub-
ject, I ask members of this House to look at
the rates of duty imposed on linen goods. It
will be seen that they are very low, amounting
to not more than about forty per cent, on the
lowest class of goods and fifty per cent, on the
others of finer grade and higher cost. The
gentleman will find, if he succeeds in making
a tariff such as lie desires and foreshadows,
that he will have utterly extinguished any
hope of establishing the manufacture of linen
goods in his own section of the country. These
duties are not designed for the benefit of my
section of the country. There is not a linen
manufactory in the State where I reside ; but
it is my hope and expectation that by a proper
duty 1ipon these linen articles we shall pro-
mote their manufacture in Ohio, Kentucky,
and other western and southwestern States;
and I shall heartily rejoice to see such manu-
factures established there.
But if the gentleman shall succeed in per-
suading the House to adopt his views I am
quite satisfied, instead of getting twenty cents
per pound for the flax now raised in the West,
it will go down to the old ten-cent rate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my amend-
ment on condition my colleague will renew it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I have always understood a
skillful physician, if he found a treatment he
was prescribing failed to produce the desired
result, would change the treatment and try
something else. I find myself, though I do
not claim to be a skillful physician, in some-
what of the same attitude.
When we have been advocating on our side
a tariff for revenue purposes alone we found
we were powerless for good. I propose now a
complete antidote. I propose, as my colleague
has suggested, by putting the duty on the raw
material raised in the West equal to the duty
on the manufactured article, to neutralize the
effect of the tariff and to destroy the margin
the East seeks in this measure. I find it is
necessary to apply the same rule to the East
they have been seeking to apply to the West.
One gentleman rises here ana advocates the
protection of one branch of manufactures and
another gentleman the protection of another
branch; but who, sir, of all the friends of the
tariff, has once spoken in favor of the people ?
Who has been heard upon this floor in favor
of the great growing and consuming interests
of the country ? They are millions while the
manufacturers are hundreds, and yet, sir, not
a single man has offered an argument in favor
of the poorer class of people, who are the
consumers of all these goods manufactured in
the East.
The West has been totally neglected ; and as
has been well said by my colleague, the very
moment the West asks for protection on the
raw article you will find the entire East oppos-
ing any duty, or at least any duty in compar-
ison with that on the manufactured article. I
hope the West will make a bold stand on this
bill; that we will assert our rights, and let the
West be heard once in getting up a tariff which
is to govern the country in the future.
I observe in looking over the history of the
Committee of Ways and Means yon will always
find a preponderance in favor of the manufac-
turing interests. Why it is so it is difficult to tell;
but for years past such has be^n the basis of
its action. They look to the interests of their
peculiar localities, and not to the interests of
the growers and consumers. I want U> see this
thing met, and met squarely. Let us have our
rights for once in a tariff to raise revenue for
the country.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, this is not the
first time an attempt has been made to charge
whatever there is to complain of in this bill to
the East, and it is not the first time the strug-
gle has been in this House to make a tariff
which had nothing on which the East could
rely for the encouragement of its industry, and
then to make the East responsible for it. The
East is charged with making this tariff for its
own benefit. The same charge was made at the
last session, and with as much justice, and by
the very men who had secured in this tariff bill
all there was to commend it to the industry of
the country. It is raised again to-day. I took
occasion then to say, representing as I believe
I do a larger manufacturing constituency than
any of my colleagues upon this floor, a con-
stituency as vitally interested in a protective
tariff as any other, and I take occasion now to
repeat to these gentlemen that if they do not
want this tariff bill, so far as my constituents
are concerned they do not want it so much as
the very men do who denounce it. The bill of
the committee commends itself less to me and
my constituents than it does to them. So far
as it has undergone a change it has been dele-
terious to the interests and industries of the
East. I tell the gentleman from Ohio plainly
it does not commend itself to the East, and if
the West does not want this tariff bill the East
can get along without it as well as the West
can. Yet I expect to vote for it in spite of, not
because of, these efforts to make us responsible
for what is of more benefit to the West than to
the East. But a tariff protecting home industry
cannot build up one section at the expense of
another.
Mr. LE BLOND. If such are the feelings
of the people that the gentleman has the honor
to represent, wHy is it that New England stands
in solid phalanx, as a general thing, in favor
of these bills while the West is opposed to
them?
Mr. DAWES. That is just what I was com-
menting upon. Gentlemen on this side who
are in favor of the principle of protection
are willing to adhere to that principle of pro-
tection in its application to the whole industry
of the country, while my friend from Ohio
favors protection only when it applies to his
particular interests.
Witness what was done here last night. Al-
most every man from the western part of the
country came up in solid phalanx against the
the principle of protection when it applied to
the cotton fabrics of the country and voted
against it; and in ten minutes after, when we
came to the wool interest, every one of them
passed through the tellers in solid column for
the highest rate of duty ; and there has never
been an interest provided for in a tariff bill
which was peculiar to a locality in the West that
any western man has raised his voice against
upon principle.
Look at some of the features of this tariff bill.
Take, for instance, the article of bituminous
coal. Who from the western country raises his
voice against this tariff upon bituminous coal?
Who from the West ever raised his voice against
the tariff of thirty dollars a ton upon manila
hemp, or of twenty dollars a ton upon jute, oi
against this high tariff upon wool, or two and
a half cents a pound on pig lead, or thirty per
cent, on linseed, which is claimed to be pro-
hibitory ? The tariff upon these articles is high
enough to crush out the industry of the East,
but no man from the West ever raised his voice
against it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I withdraw my amend-
ment and move to insert "forty-three" in lieu
of "forty;" and I yield for a moment to my
colleague, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to say, in reply to
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
that he does me injustice when he says that
every man from the ^Vest voted in solid pha-
lanx against the duty on cotton. I voted for
the cotton duty every time last night.
Mr. DAWES. I think I did injustice in mak-
ing the statement so broad, and I desire to take
it back. There were exceptions, but very rare.
I spoke of the western men as a class, and in
confirmation of what I said 
Mr. LE BLOND. I must resume the floor.
I only regret, Mr. Chairman, that Ohio had
one Representative who did not stand up for
the interests of the West.
Now, sir, it is a startling fact that you find
the Representatives of Massachusetts standing
as one man in favor of these high protective
tariffs, and when you come to the raw material,
when the West asks that a duty shall be laid
upon that equal to the duty laid upon the man-
ufactured articles of the East, you find the Rep-
resentatives of Massachusetts and the manu-
facturing interests of the East generally rais-
