932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
days ago, leave was granted to that committee
to report it back at any time on giving one
day's notice. I "desire to state now, in order
that it m'ay go before the House as a notice,
that I will upon Monday, after the morning
hour, report that bill back from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there are now before the House two bills which
committees have been authorized to report at
any time, and they will have to be disposed of
before any other business can come before the
House.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 218) exempting the property
of debtors in the District of Columbia from
levy, attachment, or sale on execution; and
An act (S. No. 479) to punish illegal voting
in the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HALE. I call for the regslar order of
business.
The SPEAKER. When the House ad-
journed on yesterday the tenure-of-office bill
was under consideration ; but to-day being
private bill day, the consideration of that, bill
13 suspended, unless the House shall otherwise
order.
Mr. HALE. Will the tenure-of-office bill
come up for consideration after the expiration
of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It will, subject of course
to the order of the House.
Mr. HALE. 1 must insist upon my call for
the regular order.
HEtKS OF THOMAS W. IIARVET.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the House resumes the
consideration of the bill pending at the expira-
tion of the morning hour on last private bill
day, being House bill No. 1080, extending
certain letters-patent for the benefit of the
heirs of Thomas W. Harvey.
The bill and accompanyingreport were again
read.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
oe Su£TCS3Cu and read a third time.
Mr. BROMWELL. The reasons which in-
duced the committee to recommend the exten-
sion of these patents are briefly set forth in
the report which has just been read. I may
say, in addition to the facts therein set forth,
that this matter has been, and must necessarily
have been, known to all parties who take any
interest in the extension of these parents about
a year. During all that time the facts set forth
in that report, so far as Thomas W. Harvey
was concerned, his time spent, his labors, and
his ingenuity are uncontradicted by any one.
So far as I know, the only objection which
is urged by any one to the extension of these
patents is that such extension will conflict with
the interests of somebody else; that some one
else would do a little better if those patents are
not extended. I will state ivhat I understand,
from all the information derived by the com-
mittee, is tliepresent condition of these patents.
The patei.ts embraced in this bill are by no
means the only patents under which this class
of screws is produced. There are but two pat-
ents embraced in this bill, while the patents
invented by Harvey alone were perhaps not
less than a dozen. Besides those patents there
are a great many other patented machines which
are now in use. Beside the machines now
sought to be protected by this bill, Mr. Harvey
invented machines of which the public has
already had the benefit during a great many
years. By means of the machines invented by
Mr. Harvey the cost of making these screws
has been reduced, so far as the labor upon
them is concerned, according to the sworn
testimony before the committee, not less than
eighteen dollars per thousand gross. Accord-
ing to the testimony, there are consumed in the
United States not less than twelve hundred
gross of these screws per day.
Now, so far as the public is concerned, it
has already received immense advantages from
the inventions of Mr. Harvey. And, more
than this, it is proper to remark that but for
the perseverenee and patience and expendi-
ture of money which Mr. Harvey put forth
the probability is that the public never would
have had any of this machinery, but these
screws would to-day be made by the old-fash-
ioned machinery.
Now, I desire to draw a distinction between
this case and that class of cases in which a man,
by some lucky thought, has invented a ma-
chine which is valuable. In the case before
the House it is evident, from an examination
of the machinery, that it never could have been
produced in any other way than by continual
repetition of experiment and the expenditure
of large sums of money.
All of this machinery is what among manu-
facturers is called automatic; it performs its
evolutions almost with a life-like action. The
metal is drawn into wire, which is cut off into
pieces, which are seized by fingers and carried
to the several parts of the machinery, and there
the various operations necessary to complete
the screw are performed. Now, whatever mo-
nopoly there is in the business of manufactur-
ing screws arises from the fact that no man
or set of men can enter upon that manufacture
without a very large capital, because some-
where about four hundred machines are neces-
sary before a man is in position to manufacture
articles to fill the commonest order.
These machines being complicated and
costly, and the tools and implements with
which they are made being also complicated
and costly, it follows that whoever expends
the vast sum of money necessary to put up
and stock a factory may for that reason have a
monopoly to a certain extent.
Bat the case here is not that of those hold-
ing a monopoly asking an extension. This is
the ease of the widow-and heirs of the man by
whose ingenuity and the expenditure of whose
fortune the public now enjoy the advantage of
having this machinery in operation in the
country. It is in evidence that Mr. Harvey had
a large estate, all of which he spent during a
long series of years in the many experiments
necessary to perfect this machinery. He re-
ceived from the use of these patents nothing
which was not itself spent in carrying out his
experiments. He died. His widow and heirs
have received nothing, and under present cir-
cumstances they can receive nothing. These
two patents which he procured are of value ;
-and'if this extension be granted in the name
of the widow and heirs, and no one else, some
of those engaged in the manufacture of screws
may perhaps pay this widow and these orphans
something for the use of these machines.
Although there are many other machines doing
the same work, yet it is most likely that there
is a certain value about those machines the
profit of which might inure to the family of
the inventor.
Now, what answer to this is it to say that
the public have such an interest in these ma-
chines being thrown open that they cannot
afford the simple act of justice proposed in this
bill? The public never originated these inven-
tions ; the public never would have enjoyed
them had no man been found with the ingenu-
ity and patience and liberality to make the
unnumbered experiments which resulted in
the perfection of this automatic machinery,
The public are called on to pay nothing. It
is not proposed to take any money from the
national Treasury; but inasmuch as a 'great
boon has been conferred upon the public by
the ingenuity and perseverance of Thomas W.
Harvey, it is now simply proposed that, in
accordance with the liberal spirit of American
law and the usages of the Government from
the beginning, the public shall,_ as they ought
to, grant to the widow and heirs of this in-
ventor the opportunity of 'obtaining some rea-
sonable compensation for his invention, as
they have heretofore had none.
Mr. Speaker, 1 now yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Hale] for five minutes.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, my opposition
to this bill certainly arises from no other
motive than my desire to see the principles
which have heretofore uniformly regulated the
legislation of this country upon the question
of patents adhered to, and not departed from
in a manner which I think would be entirely
dangerous as a precedent. If I am correctly
informed about the facts of this case, the report
which has been made here from the Commit-
tee on Patents is not so remarkable for what
it contains as for what it omits to state. If
my information is correct, although it is true
that this patentee, Mr. Harvey, died without
securing from these patents a competency for
his family ; although it is true that his widow
and heirs have perhaps received no substantial
benefit from these patents; yet another thing
is equally true, which should be a bar to the
proposed extension, and that is, that the as-
signees of the patents of Thomas W. Harvey,
men who claimed and held under him, who
succeeded by his own act to his rights, have
obtained immense fortunes from the patents
which have already been granted.
The principal one of these patents was ori-
ginally granted in 1846 for the term of four-
teen years. It has been extended for seven
years, the full limit allowed by our patent laws.
As I am informed, Mr. Harvey having parted
with his interest to other parties, these parties
have carried on the business of making screws
under it and have built up the most enormous,
the most gigantic monopoly that this country
has ever witnessed in a manufacturing article.
These parties have not only had under these
patents the potentiality, as Dr. Johnson said,
of wealth beyond the dreams of avarice, but
this potentiality has ripened into absolute fact,
and fortunes have been accumulated and are
accumulating to-day under these patents.
If that be so, I put it to the honorable gentle-
men of the House on what principle are we to
interfere between the heirs of the patentee and
the grantees of the patentee ? By what princi-
ple are we to say, because this man has perhaps
made an unfortunate and foolish bargain in the
sale of his patents and thus enabled his assign-
ees and successors to realize wealth which he
probably under other circumstances might have
realized, how are we to say they are to be dis-
regarded and the family now made good from
loss, not from any defect in our laws, not from
any want of liberality on our part, but from his
own actions whether mistaken or compelled by
circumstances ? It seems to me, then, the prin-
ciple which has always assumed to govern the
legislation of this country is, wherever either
the patentee, his heirs, his grantee, or any par-
ties desiring title under him, have been suffi-
ciently compensated that should be the end of
the exclusive right. We are not to investigate
whether parties who have obtained the fruits
of the patent are the most deserving of them;
but when the time expires the patented article
should be thrown open to the public.
The gentleman says this involves no expense,
that it takes no money out of the Treasury.
Every exclusion of the public, every exclusive
right to a manufacturer is a detriment to the
country, and is only recognized on the ground
that the inventor should have to some extent,
some reasonable extent, which the law has
fixed primarily at fourteen years, with a pos-
sible extension of half that time, in which
to reap the fruits of his own invention. If
by his act other parties have reaped those
fruits it is no reason, it seems to me, why we
should interfere and say, A having made a
colossal fortune out of this thing at the expense
of the public, we will turn in B in order to give
him an opportunity to reap a second fortune.
I believe the principle is an unsound one; and
I believe the facts are as I have stated_thera.
I call on the Committee on Patents if I „
give the history of this ease-as it actually existsT «,-•
[Here the hammer fell. J
