160$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
ing their voices in opposition to it, for the sim-
ple reason that the discrepancy between the
duty on the raw material and the duty on the
manufactured article leaves them a margin for
profit. When the West asks that the duty shall
be made equal as between the raw material
and the manufactured article, you find the
manufacturing interests here, through their
Representatives, opposing it, although it is only
doing simple justice to the West.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] has referred to various articles in
fixing the duties upon which in this bill he
says the West has been favored. Sir, it has
already been disclosed by the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Ali.ison] that the duty laid upon
wool, where a large margin is given for deduc-
tions for package, transportation, &c., is simply
a fraud upon the wool-growers of the West.
It is but a tub thrown to the whale, and that is
all there is of it. And the same is true in ref-
erence to other items.
Sir, for one, I want no protection. I want
no protection to western men or to eastern
men. I want the bars laid down. I want our
country left open to the commerce of the
world. I want the West to have the privilege
of seeking a market wherever and whenever !
they can find it and find it best. When you do
that you will have done that which will benefit
a large portion of the American people, the
consumers of the country, and it is to their
interests that we should look, and not to the
interests of the manufacturers, who are the
wealthy portion of the community. No man
upon the other side of the House seems to
advocate the interests of that great mass of
the American people who are the consumers
of the manufactured articles of the East.
Every dollar, every cent that you add in the
shape of a duty on imports only furnishes that
much of a margin to the manufacturer to tax
it over against the consumer and make him
pay that much more for the support of manu-
facturing corporations that are already declar-
ing annually large dividends.
1 see from published statements that these
corporations are declaring annually dividends
of from fifty to one hundred and twenty five
per cent. Who among the consumers of the
country, the agriculturalinterestsoftlie country,
has made any such percentage upon the capital
invested in the business they are engaged in ?
Not one can be found; and yet you do not find
that the consumers, the agricultural interests,
come here with their large delegations to pray
and beseech the Committee of Ways and Means
and the House to increase the duty on what
they produce in order that they may have
greater protection.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I am quite
aware that the philosophy of the gentleman is
that he prefers that the industry necessary for
carrying on the manufactures needed in this
country should be somewhere else except in
this country, and that the capital needed to
produce those manufactures should be upon
the1 other side of the water where labor costs
only one tenth part what it does here, so that
perchance the labor of this country may be
reduced to a level with the pauper labor of
Europe.
I understand his philosophy very well, and
I am not cooperating with him in any such
scheme. I prefer that the manufactories and
the capital invested in them should be upon
this side of the water rather than upon the
other, and that the industry which gathers
around them should be upon this side of the
water, and be fed and clothed and educated
and reared here, so that our country may reap
the reward of it, rather than that it should be
upon the other side of the water, in countries
where they have brought the price of labor to
a few pennies a day, when we pay a dollar a
day for the same labor.
I am aware that the gentleman's philosophy
in that respect differs from mine. I am proud
to say that 1 go no step with him in that direc-
tion. I go for protection to every industry of
the country, I care not where it is, and the
gentleman has never found me voting against
protection to any industry, whether of the
West or of the East. What I complain of is,
not that the industry of the West claims pro-
tection under this bill, but that while claiming
it they charge it upon us in the East.
When they find us of the East voting against
the protection necessary for the development
of all their industries then they will have the
same reason to complain of us that we have to
complain of them now. The gentleman speaks
of the large dividends made by the manufac-
turers of the East. Has he ever turned to the
income list of the importers of the city of New
York, where they pile up their fortunes, as a
friend near me says, until they dizzy the very
arithmetic itself? Let me read the incomes of
a lew of them, which I have taken from the
records of the internal revenue office here:
$85,000, $120,000, $75,000, $58,000, $392,-
000, $157,000, $110,000, $112,000, $248,-
000, $1,843,000, $573,000, $680,000; $153,- j
000, $158,000. These are the yearly incomes j
of a few of the importers of New York city.
They have been made out of the pauper labor
of Europe, to which the gentleman's phi-
losophy invites us in his speech and in his
argument to-day. Between these great in- i
comes and the incomes of the men who build
up the manufactures and the industries of this '
country, and employ the labor here, and the
capital here, and the industry here, I leave
the gentleman to make his choice. I cling to
my own country and its industry.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LE BLOND. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. CHANLEK. 1 renew the amendment
to the amendment. The question of philoso-
phy has been introduced into this debate by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.} If there is any principle underlying
the argument of the remarks which he has
just made, it is that the system of protection
which he advocates is the embodiment of mo-
nopoly. Not only will New England monop-
olize the manufacturing interests of its own
section, not only would she grasp at all the
resources of the country for the benefit of
her own manufactures, but she would absorb
also, in her greed for monopoly, all the manu-
factures and products of Europe. Carrying
out this idea of universal manufacture, how are
you to feed the masses? Can you feed them
on cotton, spun and woven into the warp and
woof of the manufactures of the New England
States? Sir, this doctrine would annihilate
the very principle of all exchange of interests
which has built up this country to its present
thrift and magnitude. By the system which
the gentleman proposes you would return to
that system which has been established, and
which has triumphed in China and Japan j you
would violate that system of interchange of
products among nationalities which has grown
up in Europe, and has given to that portion of
the earth the lead among the nations of the
world. Free trade is the result of European
civilization, developed to its highest standard.
Ihe actiop which the gentleman proposes is
toward the East—toward Asia, and its systems
of monopoly and restriction. The exclusive-
ness of the Asiatic cannot find root here. You
might as well undertake to stop the changes
of the tide of the great ocean itself as to regu-
late the fluctuations of comtnerce and the inter-
change of the products of agriculture and
manufactures by means of commerce. The
argument which the gentleman adduces is as
old as Asia, as old as the civilization of the
world; but the ship-of-state to-day is not pro-
pelled by the lateen-sails of the East, but is
moved by machinery and propelled by steam.
Ihe ship-of-state to-day moves forward with
an impetus which it never knew when the prin-
ciple of monopoly ruled the Governments of
the world; and the gentleman would utterly
fail in carrying on a Government such as this
if he undertook to absorb within this continent
that system of labor which Europe to-day has
in operation. America and Europe are to-day
developments of the same system of civiliza-
tion, and it is only by an interchange of ideas
and products that that system of civilization
can exist.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, I rise pro
forma to oppose this amendment, because I
wish to say a word to my distinguished friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] He informs
us that this is a western tariff, that he sees in
it nothing for the benefit of the great East.
Now, sir, I have examined this tariff with as
much care as I have been able to bestow upon
it, and I cannot find in it any provision the
effect of which will be to promote the great
agricultural interests of the West.
We are told that we have a pleasing sopo-
rific here in the shape of a prohibitory duty on
wool. I deny it absolutely. Compare the
tariff on wool with that on woolen goods, and
it will be found that the wool manufacturers
have an advantage of not less than from ten to
fifteen per cent, over the wool-growers. Hence,
as a large proportion of the wool manufac-
tured in this country is not grown here, but im-
ported and can still be imported under this
difference in favor of manufacturers of wool,
there is nothing in this bill that will really
protect the American wool-grower, unless it
may produce the effect of temporarily increas-
ing the price of wool to consumers all over
the country.
We have arrayed before us here the incomes
of the importers of this country for the pur-
pose of showing that men in this branch of
business have realized large fortunes during
the last year. Sir, a manufacturer of the gen-
tleman's own district told me that if we should
pass this tariff it would increase the cost of
woolen products alone in this countiy $30,000,-
000. We know that to-day there is a large
surplus of those articles in the country. The
effect of the passage of this tariff will be to
give a profit of $30,000,000 or. $40,000,000
to those who now hold these woolen goods.
If the importers are to-day holding large
stocks of these goods, next year they, along
with other traders in this branch of business,
will have largely increased incomes, which will
come out of the pockets of the consumers of
these goods, as in the end the consumer is
compelled to pay the increased cost by means
of increased duty.
Now, sir, I say to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts that so far as I understand, the
people of the West do not see in this tariff
anything that will especially benefit them. If
it contains nothing that will benefit the East,
why should we at this late stage of the session
spend so much time in the consideration of this
bill? If this measure is to benefit nobody, why
not lay it aside and proceed to legislation that
will be of benefit to the country ? I believe
that it is necessary to revise to some extent the
existing tariff. I know that some of our in-
dustrial interests are suffering to-day; and
perhaps a portion of these would temporarily
be affected beneficially by this tariff.
Mr. DAWES. What are they?
Mr. ALLISON. One is the woolen interest
of this country, which I believe is somewhat
depressed at this moment; and for the purpose
of saving that interest as far as possible we
have in the bill passed a few days ago reduced
the internal tax upon all woolen manufactures
two and a half per cent. This will make a
difference of several million dollars to the wool
manufacturers of this country. In effect it
increases the tariff upon woolen goods to the
extent ot from seven and a half to ten per cent.;
so that whether this bill be passed or not we
have already by the tax bill indirectly increased
the tariff on all woolen manufactures.
[Here the hammer fell.3
Mr. CHANLEft. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment-.
Mr. LE BLOND. I renew the amendment
of my colleague, [Mr. Schenck,] to strike out
''fifteen '' and insert " forty.''
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, when u 
