1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BROMWELL. I yield now fifteen
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. WASHBOTIN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I agree with the statement made by
the gentleman, who reported this bill that it is
the duty of the public to protect individuals
who invent new or improved machines and
present them to the public; and I am not one .
of those who would endeavor to deprive any
man of his just claims to the fruits of his
valuable invention. I admit also with the
committee that these inventions of Mr. Harvey
are indeed most valuable improvements. But
the simple point to which I wish to call the
attention of the House is that so far as the
Government is concerned in this case we have
fulfilled our entire obligation to the inventor,
lie received the benefit of his improvement by
a patent being granted for fourteen years, and
at the expiration of that time it was extented
for seven years longer. The Government,
therefore, so far as it is concerned, has dis-
charged all of its obligations to the inventor
of these improvements. No further obliga-
tion rests upon the Government.
The gentleman makes the point that, the in-
ventor having parted with this patent without
receiving a fair equivalent as lie claims, the
Government is placed under an obligation to
extend the patent for an additional period.
Suppose, for the sake of argument, that the
reason assigned is a good one, and the patent
is extended for seven years more, and the par-
ties part with it for a nominal sum, would not
the argument bo the same and as strong at the
end of that seven years? Is the Government
under obligation to guaranty that an inventor
will manage his own business shrewdly in the
disposal of his patent?
If this inventor has not received an equiva-
lent it is not the fault of the Government, for
the public have paid millions and millions for
this invention. It has been one of (lie great-
est monopolies which existed in the country.
It has been confined to a few manufacturers
who controlled it, and they made enormous
profits, and the people were compelled to sub-
mit to the monopoly.
I ask members of this House if, under these
circumstances, they are going to vote to ex-
tend this monopoly? They will bear in mmd
that in this report it is said that all of these
companies that have been building up im-
mense fortunes at the expense of the public
are to have the benefit of this extension, if it
is granted, gratis.
The gentleman who spoke in favor of this
extension says that the machines are very
expensive, and that.it costs a laige amount
of money to maintain a manufacture of this
kind. Sir, that is the very bun reason why it
should not be extended. If the machines were
cheap, if every individual with a small amount
of money could enter into competition in the
manufacture, even if the patent were extended,
they could be afforded at a fair price. But if
the patent is not extended these companies
that are still in operation will have the mo-
nopoly of this manufacture at least for five
years to come; because it is admitted 011 all
hands that so extensive is the machinery re-
quired that it wiil take at least five ycaisof
iree competition for new companies to be able
to compete with the companies now in opera-
tion. And it will be understood by members '
of the House that there are two or three com-
panies in this country to-day that are manu-
facturing these screws.
The gentleman from Iowa inquired how this
interested the agricultural portion of the coun-
try. Sir, there is not an individual, no matter
what his calling may be, who is not interested
in the question of the extension of this patent.
The farmer, the mechanic, all ranks and
classes* of men, have to use these articles al-
most as freely as the most common implement
in use. There is not a person in the whole
community that is not interested in the ques-
tion of the extension of this patentbeyond the
pjriod of twenty-one years. As I said before,
the Government having done its duty in giving
the patentee the monopoly for the full limit of
the time allowed by law, 1 hope this House is
not going to say that the public shall still pay
a royalty for seven years longer. Let the
manufacture be thrown open. We cannot rid
ourselves of the present monopoly for five
years to'come even if the patent is not ex-
tended.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROMWELL. 1 now yield to the gen-
tleman front Iowa five minutes.
Mr. ALLISON. After what my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Washburn] has said, it is
perhaps unnecessary for me to add anything.
But there arc one or two facts in connoction
with this patent that I think the House ought
to understand. This patent either has a value
or it has not.  If it has a value it is to be of
benefit ciihcr to the parties who receive this
extension or to the public. Now. I am told
that there are seven or eight new companies in
process of organization for the manufacture of
this class of screws, which enter into the con-
sumption of the entire country, and as the gen-
tleman from Illinois himself says, it requires a
large amount of capital to organize these cor-
porations to manufacture these screws, the
heirs of Harvey can only be benefited by sell-
ing this patent to some one of these companies.
Now, 1 want to ask the chairman of the com-
mittee who introduced this bill, whether he
proposes, if this invention has a value, to trans-
fer that value to one of these seven or eight,
Companies ; or whether the community is not
entitled to the benefit of it by having all these
companies compete in the manufacture?
Now, I do know that the American Screw
Company, that lias had the benefit of this pat-
ent for the last two years, absolutely bought off
an English screw company from bringing their
products to this market. It paid them a roy-
alty of some thirty or forty thousand dollars
annually, if they would not throw their articles
into competition in the American market.
Now are we to have that same thing perpetu-
ated in this country so as to increase the price
of these articles to the consumers all over the
country? For myself I shall never consent to
it. I f this patent has a value let it be given to
the community; if it has no value it cannot
inure to the benefit of anybody.
If some gentleman does not, move to lay this
bill on the table, 1 shall do so at the proper time.
Mr. BROMWELL. 1 will now yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven's]
for two minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. Two minutes is all I ask.
I remember that for the last five or six years,
and perhaps longer, while 1 was a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means, this screw
question was before us on the question of im-
posing additional duties. A very adroit and
able man, a Senator from the State of Rhode
Island, generally gave it his particular atten-
tion. During that investigation my recollection
is that it was shown, and was hardly denied,
that this company have semi-annually declared
large dividends. And it was shown most con-
clusively that not another screw of tliis char-
acter was made in America, and that whenever
other companies got up machines approaching
to this, this company bought out those ma-
chines, and the English companies who had
the right to use it were bought off by a sum of
money in gross every year.
I look upon this as one of the most profitable
companies that ever existed, and I should
think it a strange thing if we should extend
this patent for the benefit of the assignees of
the original patentees. I thought it proper to
state this because I recollect the circumstances
of the case.
Mr. BROMWELL. I will now yield for two
minutes to the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Mop.rill.]
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed
to the extension of patents at any time beyond
twenty-one years, and fourteen years I think
is long enough. If the parties cannot in that
time make money the company ought to close
its affairs and attend to some other business.
In regard to this ease, if there is a siuele
patent that ought to bo extinguished at the
end of twenty-one years, it is this patent for
the manufacture of screws, because it is con-
ceded, and is a matter of public notoriety, that
the stock of this company is two or three hun-
dred per cent, above par and has been for
years. This matter has already been con-
sidered in relation to the internal taxes and
the tariff. I am opposed to all such measures.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
one minute from the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BROMWELL. I will yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
want to say that only the poor widow and
orphans are put forward in this case. I will
send to the Clerk's desk to be read what will
show that they assigned all their interest in the
patent to other parties. It is the report of the
referees appointed to settle this matter with
certain companies.
The Clerk read as follows:
" In tho matter of tho claims aroinst the American
Screw Company of Providence, llhode Island, made
by tho owners of Harvey's patents of May 30,184".
for threading wood ecrows, and of August 18,18J6,
for a machine for drossing the heads of screw blanks,
botli of which patents have been extended for,the
period of seven years: said patents and extensions
have been oxtonded to the American Scrow Cora-
pnny, and tho referees arc to determine the sura
which tho claimants are entitled to receive from the
American Scrcw Company for tho rights so assigned
from tho formation of tho company to the expiration
of tho oxtonded term and for any further renewals
thereof."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
House will understand that in case of this
renewal it will go to the company and not to
these parties.
Mr. HILL, I desire to know whether, as
this bill was framed for the purpose of extend-
ing this patent solely for the benefit of the
heirs of the original patentee, it wjll obviate
this clause which seems to be in this contract,
which comes before the House in the paper
presented by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. WASimniN,] that any extension
shall be for the benefit of the assignees? That
is a matter 1 want light upon.
Mr. BROMWELL. 1 will state what I un-
derstand to be the facts in this case as set forth
by the parties in the memorial which the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Washburn]
had read at the desk. It concerns the origi-
nal extension by the Commissioner of Patents.
No application for an extension of a patent
comes before the House except after it has
been extended for twenty-one years._ Other
extensions arc granted by the Commissioner
of Patents, and when his power of extension
is exhausted the applications for extension
come to Congress.
Now, sir, as much as the Committee on Pat-
ents may dislike to presiiprivate matters on the
time anil attention of the House when public
business is pressing, yet when such matters in
due course comc before the committee^ it be-
comes as much their duty to thoroughly invest-
igate the claims of the parties and deal justly
with them as it would be in the case of a judge.
The committee examined most thoroughly the
case set forth in the memorial of the par-
ties. The very fact to which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wasiidukn] has re-
ferred, that under a former transfer the widow
and heirs can receive nothing, is a reason why
Congress, in accordance with time-honored pre-
cedents in like eases, should make a further
extension to them.
As to the assignees, the bill which I have the
honor to present says cxpresslv that the exten-
sion shall be for the benefit of the widow and
heirs alone.
Who are these monopolists in New York and
Massachusetts of whom the gentleman from
Pcnnsylvaniaspeaks ? They are preciselythose
who, having capital in a business requiring a
greatoutlayof money, have built for themselves
vast factories, but they are using perhaps a
hundred different machines. Of all those ma-
chines a great many are tho invention of I homas
W. Harvof, of which the public has reaped the
