1610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
of the water or here 1 He must have them
somewhere ; it is for him to .say whether it
shall be here or there. There must be a tariff
of some kind ; he admits that. He proposes
to have one for revenue solely; and he must
put it either upon the manufacturer of the
articles, or upou the raw material. If he puts
it upon the manufactured article, he does
what? He protects the man who is making
it here. If he puts it upon the raw material,
he does what ? He discriminates against the
laborer here. There is no alternative, no mid-
dle way. He may have his choice; and as he
answers this question so he will be a free trader
or a protectionist.
Now, touching the raw material in this coun-
try, that comes in competition with the raw ma-
terial imported. I am not one of those who
shrink from putting a duty upon that raw ma-
terial which comes in competition with the raw
material here. Sir, I go with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to the full
length of the doctrine, that you cannot build
up one interest here at the expense of another.
They all stand arm in arm, shoulder to shoul-
der; that which sickens one sickens the other;
they flourish together or they faint together.
One cannot grow up at the expense of the
other any more than one of the limbs of the
body can grow at the expense of any of the
others. It is a system. It is not for to-day; it
is for all time. It is not to me nor to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, but it is to the nation, and
to the nation in the future, not to the nation of
to-day alone, that the American system has
application.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Chairman 
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted.
There is an amendment to an amendment
pending.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of terminating debate.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes forty,
noes not counted.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Will the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] withdraw his amend-
ment to the amendment? I will renew it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr.FARNSWORTH. I will move to amend
by striking out ''twenty dollars " and insert-
ing " eighty dollars'' instead of "fifty dollars,"
as proposed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schexck.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must recog-
nize the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross]
as entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROSS. I am willing to vote for the
highest rate. I admit feeling a degree of com-
placency in view of the fact that light begins
to break in upon the minds of the gentlemen
on the other side of the House, although they
see it as yet but dimly, "as through a glass
darkly;" yet I feel confident that light is
breaking in upon their minds ; and it is high
time that such was the case.
We have been " hewers of wood and drawers
of water" to the manufacturers of this country
long enough. And I attribute the light which
is breaking in upon the minds of gentlemen
upon the other side of the House to the whole-
some discussion of this question upon the
stump and in the public press of the country.
I called the attention of the House at the
last session of Congress to the fact that it was
not attempted to apply the same measure of
protection to the agricultural interests of the
country that is proposed for the manufactur-
ing interests of the country. It is a matter
of some interest to look through the tariff bill
and see the condition in which the products of
manufacturers are placed. First, they have a
specific duty, and then that is followed up by
an ad valorem duty. But when yon come to
the portion relating to agricultural interests,
it will be found that twenty to thirty percent,
is considered to be amply sufficient, while man-
ufacturers ask for themselves from fifty to one
hundred per cent.
Now, I do not concur entirely with my dis-
tinguished friend from Ohio, [Mr. Lb Blond,]
who says we need no tariff.
Mr. LE BLOND. No tariff for revenue.
Mr. ROSS. It is true, I have been educated
in the school of free trade; but we must all
recognize the condition of the country at the
present time. I believe that with our depre-
ciated currency we need a tariff of from thirty
to forty per cent.; and I am willing to vote
for a square tariff of thirty to forty per cent.,
protecting manufacturing and agricultural in-
ter6sts Jilike
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment for explanation?
Mr. ROSS. I cannot well do so in the five
minutes which are all that are allowed me.
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope the gentleman
will state my position correctly.
Mr. ROSS. I understood the gentleman to
declare himself to be for free trade.
Mr. LE BLOND. No, sir.
Mr. ROSS. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] says that New England
does not want a tariff. I noticed that the same
thing_ was said by a Senator from Massachu-
setts in the other end of the Capitol at the last
session. But they want this tariff, notwith-
standing all their pretense about it; and they
have had the control of the legislation of this
country so long that they now deem it their
absolute right to continue that control. They
control all the important committees of Con-
gress. You find New England men control-
ling all the committees which relate to our
financial interests.
Mr. GRINNELL. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. ROSS. I hope the point of order will
not come out of my time.
Mr. GRINNELL. My point of order is
that the arrangement of the committees of
this House is notthequestionunderdiscussion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ross] will confine himself to the
question before the committee.
Mr. ROSS. Of course: that matter is in-
volved in this question. New England mem-
bers have control of all the leading committees.
I do not complain of it. I know that in making
up these committees there is a terrible pres-
sure brought to bear in order that the same
men shall get upon them who have heretofore
had the framing of our financial measures, and
hence the great West very seldom gets any of
the places on these committees, and New
England men continue to manipulate the
tariff and tax bills in their own interests.
Now, I do not blame them for endeavoring
to protect the interests of their own constitu-
ents. But it is time the great Northwest was
aroused to its own interests, and to the neces-
sity of endeavoring to secure some protection
for them. If eastern manufacturers need a
tariff of from fifty to one hundred per cent,
unon their manufactures, I do not understand
why they should consider thirty per cent,
enough for the agricultural interests. Why
should we not be entitled to the same measure
of protection which the manufacturers claim?
They exclude foreign manufactures from com-
ing into this country by a prohibiting tariff,
and then they desire to have the opportunity
to slip off into Canada where they can get
their beef, pork, flour, and other articles, and
wool and other products cheaper than we can
produce them, and thus break down our inter-
ests.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. t ARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I rise
for the purpose of advocating the increase
of this item to eighty dollars per ton, for
the purpose of making it proportionate to the
tariff that we have put upon unmanufactured
or undressed flax. On this the committee
has already voted a duty of forty dollars per
ton. Eighty dollars per ton upon the dressed
flax would be only a proper proportion. If we
are going to protect this interest at all, if we
are going to encourage the culture of flax, let
us put such a tariff upon the dressed article
that our own people will have the dressing of
our flax.
While on the floor I desire to say that I am
no free-trade man, nor do I propose to attack
any section of the country. I have nothing to
say against New England or New England
manu f'actures. They are of very great benefit to
the whole country; and I hope to live to see the
day we in the West shall have built up manu-
factures as have the people of Massachusetts,
Rhode Island, and Connecticut. I hope to
live to see the day when I may travel the whole
length of the Fox and Rock rivers without
being able to get away from the clatter of the
machinery of busy factories. To this end I
am in favor of affording reasonable protection
by a properly adjusted tariff to the manufac-
turers of the West and of the East. I am in
favor of protecting labor everywhere.
While, however, we are protecting manufac-
tures, let us at the same time so adjust our
tariff as that the farmer, the agriculturist, the
producer may have some share in the benefits
to be given by this bill. In our country,
especially in the West, we can raise flax ; we
can dress it; we can prepare it for the manu-
facturer. While, therefore,- we are imposing
high duties upon the manufactured article, let
us impose correspondingly high duties upon
the raw material which we can raise in our
own country. Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I
am in favor of increasing this item from thirty
dollars to eighty dollars per ton, which would
be only four cents per pound.
Mr. THAYER. For the purpose of closing
debate on the pending paragraph I move that
the committee rise.
On the motion there were—ayes forty-five,
noes not counted.
Mr. THAYER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thayer
and Schenck were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 64, noes 39.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the Chair, Mr. Pome-
roy reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under conside-
ration, and particularly House bill No. 718, to
provide increased revenue from imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 92) authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to pay certain claims
out of the balance of an appropriation for the
payment of necessary expenditures in the ser-
vice of the United States for Indian affairs in
the Territory of Utah; when the Speaker
signed the same.
deficiency bill
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Appropriations reported a bill making appro-
priations and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed, and on motion of Mr.
Stevens, made a special order for to-morrow
after the morning hour and from day after day
until disposed of.
william bealjl
Mr. ANCONA,by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution :
Itenntyed. That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish this llouso with copies of all letters and
papers on file in his Department relating to the
reduction to the ranks of William Beale, a hospital
steward on ddty at Camp William Penn, near Phil-
adelphia, Pennsylvania, by General Order, No. 429
