984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
profit from the day they were invented. He
could not use his patents during his lifetime for
want of means, and they have inured to the
benefit of the country.
Let me say to gentlemen that it is a great
benefit to the public that these manufactures
should exist, and they have lowered the price
of these articles permanently to the consumers
throughout the country.
This widow and these heirs are not the
American. Screw Company, and are not the
Continental Screw Company. They have no-
thing in common with those companies. The
profits derived from the last extension went to
neither the widow nor the heirs. It went to
the men who advanced the money to Thomas
W. Harvey, by means of which he made the
very machinery which the manufacturers now
rise. The profits of that extension went to
reimburse the men who advanced money after
Mr. Harvey had spent §100,000 in an attempt
to invent and perfect this class of machinery.
They are satisfied; but the widow and heirs
got nothing. Thomas TV. Harvey died with-
out sixpence profit. His widow and heirs are
here to-day; not only denied by the monopo-
lists of these manufacturing companies any
share in the profits arising from Harvey's
labors, but in this House they are denied recog-
nition by a portion of the House for a mere
imaginary reason, it seems to me, which would
send them penniless away, without even a
recognition at the hands of their countrymen
that the American inventor is in any way to be
taken care of.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I hold in my
hand what is represented to be the solemn
award of the arbitrators between these heirs
and the assignees, which contains these words:
" Said patents and extension have been assigned
to the American Screw Company; and the referees
are to determine the sum which the claimants are
entitled to receive for the rights so assigned, and that
they are the property of the American Screw Com-
pany from the time of the formation of the company
to the expiration of the extended term, and for any
farther renewals thereof."
Now, the question I wish to put is this: if it
be true that by a contract between Mr. Harvey
and the American Screw Company the right in
his patents has been vested absolutely in the
company, including the right to all further
renewals to him or to his heirs, and if that
contract has been confirmed by a solemn award
between the parties, can any action of this
House take away the rights arising out of that
award, and will this bill prevent the be efits
to be derived under it from inuring to the
assignees of these parties?
Mr. HILL. I desire to know whether, in
the opinion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Hale,] this paper can prohibit Congress
from passing such laws as it may deem neces-
sary for the benefit of the heirs without the
assignees getting the benefit of it ?
Mr. HALE. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say that it ia a very Yankee way of
answering my question for another question to
be asked me by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Hill.] I do not pretend that any con-
tract between the parties can prevent Congress
from adopting any legislation they may see fit;
but I do say that if there has been a vested
right passed to the American Screw Company,
by a contract confirmed by an award of arbi-
trators, no action of. Congress can interfere
with that right.
Mr. BROMWELL. In answer to the ques-
tion I will state that some, at least, of these
heirs are minors, and the gentleman will not
contend that any contract or arbitration like
this will bind them. The Committee on Pat-
ents took all this into consideration, and they
were satisfied that there was an equity in the
claim of this widow and these heirs, and they
are all that we have to deal with. The Com-
missioner of Patents has the same question
before him every time he extends a patent
which has run fourteen years; and the evi-
dence in this case showed that Mr. Harvey,
owing.to certain circumstances which pressed
him down, stood .precisely where he did after
the expiration of the seven years' extension.
It has been the usage of the Government to
do this thing, and if it had not been, where
would have been the use of a Committee on
Patents at all ? If these gentlemen are right
there should never be any extension of patents
by the House.
Again, gentlemen suggest that this patent
will inure by virtue of law, notwithstanding
what this House may do, to the benefit of the
American Screw Company. I do not so un-
derstand it, and the committee did not so
understand it. Moreover, the bill does not
extend the patent. It merely authorizes the
Commissioner of Patents, a man who is se-
lected and placed there for the express pur-
pose of determining these matters according
to the principles of justice and sound public
policy, in case after due notice and on full
examination he shall find it proper, to author-
ize the extension of the patent.
I now move the previous question.
Mr. MYERS. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Bbomwell] withdraw his call for
the previous question and yield to me for five
minutes?
Mr. BROMWELL. Very well; I will do so.
Mr. MYERS. I cannot hope by any words
of mine to add to the force of the arguments
of my colleague on the Committee on Patents
[Mr. Beomwell] if the House has listened to
them, and I believe the majority of the mem-
bers here have done so.
But I rise for the purpose of endeavoring to
answer the several gentlemen who have urged
objections to the passage of this bill. And
first, I will say to my legal friend from New
York [Mr. Hale] that the language of the
agreement to which he refers in relation to a
renewal will not cover a congressional ex-
tension or new grant by Congress. At least
so I read the decisions of the Supreme-Court
of the United States on this subject in Gib-
son vs. Cook, Pitts vs. Hall, and Bloomer vs.
McQuervan. Even if it would have done so
the bill before us disposes of that question and
reextends the patent for the benefit of General
Harvey's heirs only. Secondly, I will say in
Answer to my distinguished colleague, [Mr.
Stevexs,] that the applications to which he and
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Morrill] have referred, for a re-
duction of the tax upon wood screws, related to
other articles and not to those made by these
identical machines.
I would again call the attention of the House
to the fact that Thomas TV. Harvey produced
a series of machines for the purpose of manu-
facturing wood screws; that the right to use a
majority of those machines has eone to the
public, which now enjoys the undisputed ben-
efit of them; that he expended $100,000 of his
own money, and borrowed $70,000 more in
order to perfect this series of inventions; that
what has been referred to by several gentlemen
here, in the paper which was sent to the Clerk's
desk to be read, vaguely hinted at in order to
produce opposition on the part of this House,
was simply an agreement between the party to
whom the heirs, in consequence of that loan to
their father, gave the Patent Office extension
and the American Screw Company. That agree-
ment had nothing whatever to do with Gen-
eral Harvey or his heirs; those heirs merely
furnished evidence in regard to the value of
said inventions. If the gentlemen had read
the whole case they would have ascertained
that fact.
I say to this House that General Harvey ex-
pended $170,000 to perfect these machines;
and his heirs honorably carried out the promise
made by their father, by assigning the extension
of the patent for the purpose of refunding the
money borrowed by him. And now because
these monopolists write here and try to defeat
the congressional grant to these deserving
heirs, distinguished gentlemen rise upon this
floor and argue that somebody else has made
money out of these inventions, and therefore
the inventor and his heirs must go unrewarded.
I do not suppose of course that such is the ob-
ject of the opponents of this bill, but the direct
consequence of their opposition if succcssful
will be to favor these very monopolists against
whom they seem so zealous.
This House has several times granted exten-
sions of patents, though that is a thing which
thq Committee on Patents have seldom asked.
Extensions are granted by Congress upon the
express idea and assertion, and upon no other
ground, that an inventor or his heirs have not
been properly compensated and desire further
protection sufficient to enable them to reap the
fruits of their genius. That is the case here.
One word more; there are two hundred dif-
ferent sizes of these wood screws manufactured.
In order to make them, each one requires a
machine for heading, one for shaving, one for
nicking, and two for threading, as the latter
process takes twice as long as the others.
Therefore it requires an immense amount of
machinery to carry on this manufacture ; and
an immense capital, as shown, was requisite
to perfect and carry it on. Now, because the
American Screw Company obtained the con-
trol of the business from the party to whom
these heirs honorably assigned the extension
of these patents, because they have reaped the
benefit of it, it is proposed that, with their im-
mense capital, they shall retain the monopoly
they now have, and prevent the heirs of this
inventor from receiving from Congress the
same consideration that has been awarded to
meritorious inventors in like cases.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. I desire simply to repeat the
question I propounded when I was on the
floor a few minutes ago. Is it not conceded
that the. grantees of this man Harvey have
made enormous fortunes out of these very
patents, two of which are now before us ?
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker, how
much time have [ left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has six
and a half minutes yet remaining.
Mr. BROMWELL. I will answer the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Hale.] I sup-
pose the assignees of these patents have made
money out of them, and would like to make
more. And I understand there is not a great
monopoly in this country that does not resist
the application of these poor heirs and this
widow for this congressional extension; for
they hold the tenure of their monopoly, not by
the patents, but by the immense amount of
capital necessary to wield a factory, to carry on
the business. A factory in which four hun-
dred of these machines could play would fill
an area equal to that occupied by one wing of
this Capitol. This is the answer to the objec-
tions urged against the extension now pro-
posed. It is the heirs who are to be benefited;
and the question is, shall they go away with
neither thanks nor money nor recognition at
the hands of this Congress ? Mr. Speaker,
I now call the previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 71, nays 75, not voting
44; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona,
Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Bergen, Bidwell, Bout-
well. Boycr. Campbell, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb,
Conkling, Cooper, Cullom, Delano, Deming, Don-
nelly, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finck, Gar-
field. Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grinnell, Hale, Aaron
Harding, Henderson, Hise, Holmes, Hooper, Edwin
N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Julian,
Kasson, Koontz, William Lawrence, Le Blond, Mar-
shall, Moln doe, Moorhead, Morrill, Nicholson, Paine,
Perham, Plants, Price, William H. Randall, Ray-
mond, Bitter, Sawyer, Schenck, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Spalding, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nolson Taylor, Fran-
cis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Warner, William B.
Washburn, Wentworth, Williams, and James!'. Wil-
son—71. •
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Banks, Barker, Blow, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Bundy, Cook, Darling, Davis, Dawson, Denison,
Dixon, Dodge, Eggleston, Eldridge, Farquhar, Gris-
wold, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hawkins, Hayes,
Higby, Hill, Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Jenckes, Kelley, Kelso,
Ketcha.m, Kuykcndall, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
Loan, Longycar, Marston, Marvin, Maynard, Me-
