1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
Mr. PRICE. The committee have instructed
me to offer certain amendments. In lines twenty-
two and twenty-three strike out the words " as
near as practicable to and not more than one
mile above Vancouver City."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois; I appeal
to my friend from Iowa to postpone the con-
sideration of this and all kindred bills till after
the holidays. I desire to submit some consid-
erations to the House in regard to railroad
grants showing the unheard-of and stupendous
amount of public land we have already given
away, and to urge the House to stop this thing
if possible. I hope the gentleman from Iofra
will not press this now upon the House, but
will give us time for consideration. I would
# not ask for it if it would interfere with the gen-
tleman getting up his bill; but as it will not,
but will give further time for consideration, I
hope the gentleman will not decline my sug-
gestion.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Spealrer, I will give the
reasons briefly why I think that ought not to
apply to this bill. The House will remember
at the last session of Congress a bill granting
lands to the Oregon and California railroad
was referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and after having been fully exam-
ined was reported to this House with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass; but the House
thought proper to take it away from the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad and refer it to
the Committee on Public Lands. After being
considered in the Committee on Public Lands
it was again reported to the House favorably
and the House passed the bill. Now, if gen-
t'.enien paid attention to the reading of this
bill, they will see it is granting lands upon the
same terms and conditions, with the same obli-
gations and restrictions precisely as that which
passed this House. This is a continuation of
that road, a short piece of road to connect with
Puget sound, for which the House made a grant
of lands at the last session.
For these reasons it strikes me this bill
should be acted upon now as well as at any sub-
sequent period of this session, inasmuch as the
parties interested in it are anxious it should
be acted on, as it makes no new law, no new
grant of land, being merely a continuation of
what the House did at the last session at the
recommendation of the Committee on Public
Lands and the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad. For these reasons, sir, I am opposed
to the postponement. There is no good to be
gained by it. It is so plain a case that I hope
I shall be permitted to perfect the bill now.
Gentlemen cannot tell what it is until then.
Mr. WARD. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Iowa the amount of land it
will take to answer the purposes of this bill.
Mr. PRICE. My recollection is twenty sec-
tions on each side of the road.
Mr. WARD. About how much does that
make in all?
Mr. PRICE. I could answer it in a short
time ; it is a question of multiplication. I do
not know the length of the road exactly, "but
I think it is about one hundred miles. Gen-
tlemen will observe it may strike Admiralty
inlet at two points.
Mr. WARD. Answer the question in gen-
eral terms. - *
Mr. PRICE. The same amount of land per
mile, with the same obligations and restrictions,
as was recommended by the Committee on
Public Lands and the Committee on the Pacific
• Railroad to the road of which this is a con-
tinuation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What was
that amount of land ?
Mr. PRICE. That Would, I suggest, have
been a more pertinent question at the last
session when a bill was passed granting land
for a railroad four hundred miles~*long than .
now, when a proposition is made for a road
onlv one quarter of the length.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman will bear me testimony I have resisted
to the extent of my feeble ability all these
squandering grants of land, I intend to resist
this and every other grant; and if the gen-
tleman will give me time and opportunity to
make a statement to the House of the amount
of grants which Congress has already made to
railroads, if it does not astound the country and
the world then I will not oppose the efforts of
my friend in this matter. And further 
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, I want to per-
fect this bill if the gentleman will allow
me. There are a few members in this House
who take the floor whenever they please.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
take the floor from my friend unless he con-
sents. [Laughter. ]
Mr. PRICE. I do not think you will.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BAKER. Will the gentleman not yield
for a single question 1
Mr. PRICE. I Qertainly will, but I prefer
first to perfect the bill.
Mr. BAKER. The question I wish to ask
is this: is the gentleman able to recur to a
single precedent for the chartering by Con-
gress of a railroad running through a State
other than for military or postal purposes? I
would like to have an answer to that question.
Mr. PRICE. I have already answered that
by saying that this grant is upon the same terms
and conditions precisely as those upon which
this House gave lands for a road four times the
length of this at the last session, and this is a
continuation of the same road. If that is not
a precedent then I do not Understand what a
precedent is. If gentlemen will only read the
bill they will find that this contains precisely
the same restrictions that were applied to the
bill already passed at the last session.
I now propose further to amend the bill by
inserting in line twenty-four, after the word
" Territory," the words " and thencealso in
the same line after the word "of by inserting
" railroad ;" also by striking out in lines twenty-
four and twenty-five the words "travel and
communication" and inserting the words "to
and connecting with;" also in line twenty-six
and twenty-seven by striking out the words
"said;" also in line twenty-six, after the word
" Oregon," to insert "railroad company;" also
in line twenty-seven by making the word " com-
panies" read " company ;" also in line thirty-
three to strike out the words "by this act."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I ask to have the bill reported
as amended.
The amended portion of the bill was read,
as follows:
And the said corporation is hereby authorized and
empowered to lay out, locate, construct, furnish, and
maintain a railroad and telegraph upon the most
eligible route from Puget sound or Admiralty inlet
to a point on the Columbia river, in Washington
Territory, and thence so as to form a continuous line
of railroad to and connecting with the railroad and
telegraph authorized to be constructed by the Cali-
fornia and Oregon Railroad Company a"d the Oregon
and California Railroad Company between Puget
sound or Admiralty inlet, in Washington Territory,
and the Central Pacific railroad, in the State of Cali-
fornia, and upon the same terms, conditions, obliga-
tions, and restrictions, and with the same grants,
privileges, rights, and benefits, in all respects what-
ever, as are conferred and imposed upon tho said
California and Oregon companies.
Mr. PRICE. I have nothing further to say
in reference to this bill, except to repeat what
I have already stated before, that the bill pro-
poses to grant land for the construction of a
railroad which connects with a road which was
authorized to be constructed in California. It
proposes to grant lands under the same restric-
tions and conditions precisely that were applied
to that company. It is nothing more nor less
than a continuation of the Oregon and Cali-
fornia railroad until it strikes Admiralty inlet.
It is about one fourth the distance, if I am
correctly informed, of the road that was au-
thorized to be constructed and for which a
grant of land was given at the last session. It
contains the same grant of lands. If it was
right to pass tho bill at the last session after
being considered very fully, then this bill can-
not be wrong. If that bill was wrong, then this
bill had better not pass. My o'pinion is that the
aid given to this company for the construction of
this railroad will be amply returned to the Gov-
ernment by the opening of the country and the
facilities afforded to commerce and navigation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman demand the previous question?
Mr. PRICE. I would like to have the bill
acted upon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It must
be acted upon before it gets out of the way..
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
is still on the floor, and will state whether he sor-
renders it or makes any motion.
Mr. PRICE. I will yield the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
move to postpone the consideration of the bill
until the second Tuesday in January for the
reasons I have given, and other reasons which
I am ready to give.
Mr. ECKLEY. Will my friend give way to
me to make a motion to refer the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands 1
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will do
.that.
Mr. EGKLE Y. I will say to my friend from
Iowa [Mr. Price] that so far as I am con-
cerned I have never been, as a member of
that committee, opposed to such bills as this.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My main
object is to get further information, further
time in which to examine this bill. The House
will recollect that at the last session we passed
a resolution calling upon the Secretary of the In-
terior, or the Commissioner of the Land Office,
for some information in regard to the amount
of land we have already appropriated for rail-
road purposes. That information we have not
yet received, at least I have not seen it if it is
contained in any of the public documents. I
think it is important that we should know
exactly where we now stand before we go any
further in this matter. I hope, therefore, the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] will consent
either to my proposition, without any further
debate, for a postponement until the second
Tuesday in January, or that it should be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PRICE. Well, if the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] proposes to post-
pone it to a day certain 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
wkat I propose ; and I do not propose a post-
ponement for the purpose of killing this bill by
indirection or delay, but I desire some fur-
ther time to examine into matters which I think
the House should understand in regard to this
and other railroad grants. I propose to post-
pone the bill till the second Tuesday in Jan-
uary next.
Mr. PRICE. And that it be made tne
special order for that day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well;
I will not object to that.
Mr. PRICE. And I hope the tyll will be
printed as it is an old bill and about out of
print.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Speaker, I think
it would be very proper for the House to hear
a few words from the friends of this bill, from
those immediately interested in it, before the
question is taken upon its postponement. This
action of postponement is equivalent in a great
many instances to killing a bill off at once. We
very well know what the result will be when
business is crowding upon this House at the
close of a short session ; the railroad bills will
be thrown out of consideration entirely, aud
this important and grand improvement be de-
layed and thrown back for years, if not defeated
altogether.
It occurs to me, Mr. Speaker, that it comcs
with rather an ill grace from gentlemen liv-
ing in old States which have already received
thousands and millions of acres of the richest
and most productive lands the sun ever shone
upon for railroad purposes, which railroads
they have now in successful operation, to object
to our having a few thousand acres of mount-
ain lands to assist in building this short rail-
road of one hundred and fifty miles to connect
the waters of Puget sound ivith the Columbia
