1612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
With the recommendation that rt do pass, a bill
for the relief of Samuel Silver.
The bill was read. It directs the Paymaster
General to pay to Samuel Silver the sum of
$210. in full payment for his services as wagon-
master of the ninety-ninth regiment of Ohio
volunteer infantry, from the 9th of September.
18G2, to January 15, 1803.
The bill was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time ; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to inquire of the
Chair what is the business before the House?
The SPEAKER. When the time for taking
a recess arrived this afternoon the House
was dividing upon the question whether tellers
should bo ordered upon the motion to close
the debate upon the pending amc#?ment to the
tariff bill in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union in one minute after the con-
sideration of it should be resumed in the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. FINCK. I withdraw the demand for
tellers.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Fin-ck] withdraws the demand fortellers,
and the motion to close debate upon the pend-
ing amendment in one minute after the con-
sideration of it is resumed in the Committee
of the Whole is agreed to.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to take up the special order, being the
amendment of the Senate to the tariff bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Pomehoy in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the amendment of the Senate in
the nature of a substitute to House bill No.
. 118, to provide increased revenue from imports,
and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending ques-
tion to be upon the amendment to the forty-
seventh amendment reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means, to strike out in line eight,
page 25, the word "forty," and insert in lieu
thereof the word "eighty;" so that it would
read:
On flax hackled, known as dressed line, eichtv dol-
lars per ton.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 27, noes 05 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Anco.va and
Mr. Moorhead were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes fifty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means, as amended, was agreed to.
Forty-seventh amendment:
Pa5036, linenino, after the word "ton" insert"on
Ku^sia hemp unmanufactured,fortydollarsperton."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "forty" and in-
serting "fifty"' in its place.
1 wish to inquire of the Chair what the order
is in regard to debate? I
Ihe CHAIRMAN. Debate upon this para- I
graph is closed. j
Mr. Benjamin's amendment to the amend- I
in en t was agreed to. I
The amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to.
■ Forty-eighth amendment:
Online eleven, page 26,strike out "Russia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Forty-ninth amendment:
On line twelve, page 2ti, strike out " twenty-five"
February 27,
and insert "thirty;" so that it will read, "thirty dol-
lars per ton."
Mr. McRUER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "thirty" and inserting
"twenty-five; or I will waive that,and merely
oppose the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
At the last session of Congress the duty on
manufactured Manila cordage was raised from
two and a half to three cents a pound in order
j that manufacturers might be protected against
the duty on unmanufactured Manila hemp; and
now, if this is raised to thirty dollars a ton,
it will require that the duty on manufactured
cordage shall be raised still further. I desire
to call the attention of the committee to the
fact that the present duty upon Manila hemp
is twenty-five dollars per ton. That was the
duty established by the House bill in which
the Senate have concurred; and now, at this
late day, the Committee of Ways and Means
propose to increase it five dollars per ton.
Sir, we do not require this for the protection
of any American manufacture, because we
produce none of this hemp; and, taking into
consideration the export duty upon this hemp
at Manila, and the revenue tax, it is repre-
sented, as I think truly, that there is not suf-
ficient discrimination between thirty dollars a
ton and three cents a pound to afford the man-
ufacturers here any protection at all. The con-
sequence will be, if this amendment shall pre-
vail, that instead of our manufacturing Manila
hemp into cordage, we will be importing the
cordage manufactured at Manila. I hope this
amendment recommended by the committee
will not be adopted.
Mr. WENTWORTH. As I understand it, I
the gentleman from California wishes to strike
out the amendment proposed by the committee.
I would very much dislike to have that done.
I have already been censured by Western inter-
ests for not standing up for still stronger pro-
tection in this bill, and 1 would say that it is as
necessary to have this increase here as it is to
have an increase in any other portion of the
bill.
The difference between the raw material and
the manufactured article has been so fully dis-
cussed here that I do not propose to take up
the time of the committee in a further discus-
sion of it, but I hope that every friend of the
'' raw material,'' every friend of the agricultural
interest of the country, will oppose the striking
out of any of the items in this bill that the com-
mittee have recommended.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment recommended by the Committee of Ways
and Means; and there were—ayes 32, noes 25 ;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. McRuer and
Mr. Le Bi.oxd were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 58, noes 39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Fiftieth amendment:
, Strike out " one dollar" and insert " three dollars"
in tho clause relating to flax straw; so that it will
read:
On flax straw, three dollars per ton.
. Mr- SCHENCK. Although that is a con-
siderable increase upon the old duty, yet it
amounts to next to nothing. Therefore I move
to amend the amendment by striking out " three
dollars" and inserting " five dollars." If for-
eigners are prevented by protective duties from
bringing into this country the article hackled
either in its first or second stage of prepara-
tion they may fall back upon the straw itself,
and probably import that; though I think they
will not do so to a very great extent. But to
make the matter secure, I move to make the
duty five dollars instead of three dollars per
ton on flax straw.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
if he can state what is the present duty on flax
straw ; and how much increase is proposed by
the Committee of Ways and Means upon the
present rate of duty?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is proposed to increase
it to three times what it was before ; but it was
contemptible before ; it was nothing at all.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. How
much is it under the present law?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is one dollar per ton
in the present law and in the Senate amend-
ment ; and it is proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means to make it three dollars per
ton.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The ques-
tion I asked the gentleman was what the duty
is now.
Mr. SCHENCK. One dollar per ton.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I should
like to have some evidence of that.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. You have the gen-
tleman's own statement.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
the gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. SCHENCK. There may be none at all.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no duty on this
article under the present law that I am aware
of. I think the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] is unnecessarily sensitive in relation
to his flax straw. It is utterly impossible that
it should be imported any distance from abroad ;
it is so bulky that it will not bear the cost of
transportation. It may possibly be brought a
few miles across from the Catiadas, but in quan-
tities so insignificant as to be of no account,
and a duty of one dollar per ton will be suffi-
cient to even prohibit this improbable traffic.
But to provide against all accidents, we pro-
pose to put the duty at three dollars per ton
upon flax straw. I do not suppose any of it
will be brought into the West, either at one
rate or the other. I think the gentleman ought
to be satisfied with the proposed rate of three
dollars per ton.
Mr. SCHENCK. Since gentlemen are so
interrogative 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment recommended by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was then agreed to.
Fifty-first amendment:
tt Strike out tho word " five " and insert tho word
ten" in the clause relating to tow of flax or hemp;
so that it will read:
On the tow of flax or hemp ten dollars per ton.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
by striking out " ten" and inserting " twenty-
five." We have increased the duty on hackled
flax to eighty dollars per ton and on flax un-
manufactured to forty dollars perton. I under-
stand that the present duty on the tow of flax
is ten dollars per ton, just what the Committee
of Vt ays and Means propose here. Now, to
make the duty on this article in proportion
with the duties which we have voted to put
upon the unmanufactured and on the hackled
flax it should be at least twenty-five dollars
per ton. I therefore move this amendment,
as this article comes directly in competition
with our home productions.
Mr. MORRILL. I presume it is almost
utterly useless to attempt to resist any propo-
sition, no matter how absurd it may be, in rela-
tion to flax or hemp. I have risen merely for
the purpose of saying that this article cannot
be imported into the West, and therefore there
can be no competition there. It is too bulky
Profitllb,y imported in any quarter.
I he duty upon it has always been heretofore
fne dollars a ton ; but after raising the duties
°" tlio other articles as we did, the Committee
of Hays and Means thought it would be proper
to increase this to double its present rate, or
an increase of the duty one hundred per cent.
It seems to me that ought to satisfy even gen-
tlemen from the V> est who profess to be so
eager to keep down any general increase of
duties though equally eager to have their flax
protected.
