172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IB,
river. Those of us who have traveled over
that country and know the nature of that
land are folly aware of the necessity of the
improvement contemplated by this bill. And
I will say to gentlemen upon this floor who are
alarmed at the idea of the immense amount of
land which is to be donated to this road that
they need have no fear upon that score. The
building of this road will assuredly make the
remaining half of the land worth incomparably
more than the .whole of it is worth now. There
is not a man in America acquainted with that
country who will doubt the statement I have
made—that the building of this road will in-
crease the value of the alternate sections in-
comparably more than the whole of the land
is now worth. A great amount of it is worth
very little now; and a great deal of it will prob-
ably always be worth very little. But much
of that land will be very much increased in
value by the construction of that road. With-
out such a road that land will perhaps lie idle
for six thousand more years; at least a great
deal of it.
Now, let gentlemen remember thaWhis road
is to connect Puget sound, the grandest and
most beautiful inland sea in America, the most
extensive and commodious harbor upon the
Pacific coast, with the Columbia river, the
second largest river in our country. And it is
to be a continuation of the road that connects
(lie Columbia river with the bay of San Fran-
cisco ; I might say that it is a continuation of
a road connecting Puget sound with the bay
of San Francisco. Let gentlemen consider the
magnitude of such a measure.
Now, the only trouble that appears to exist
in regard to this bill is that it calls for a grant
of the public lands. Now, I ask of what value
are these public lands without the means of
transportation to and over them. I do hope
that gentlemen living on the east side of the
Rocky mountains, who now have their rail-
roads, who have had their share of the public
lands, will suffer those of us who live upon the
west side to judge of these little matters per-
taining to our particular interests. We have
as much interest in the proper disposition of
that land as my respected friend from Illinois
[Mr. Washbcrxe] ean have. We do not want
that land wasted or put out of the way of
settlement and use; far from it. We are more
anxious to have the public lands settled there
than he can be, or than any other mail who
lives so far away can be.
Why gentlemen should endeavor to retard
or embarrass great national improvements on
the Pacific coast is a matter of profound as-
tonishment to me; but gentlemen say they are
not opposed to improvements, it is simply the
manner in which we propose to accomplish
them. They only wish to shape and fashion
legislation on the various subjects in which we
of that coast are interested. Now, Mr. Speaker,
that certainly is very kind in them; but we are
disposed to decline their courtesy on the ground
that we feel ourselves abundantly capable of
shaping these little matters for ourselves; and
furthermore, we imagine that we are not only
as capable of judging what ought to he done as
those gentlemen who wish to do everything for
us, but we think ourselves equally honest and
patriotic, and really as much disposed to pro-
tect the public interest though we make much
less noise about it.
Now, I hope this bill will be put upon its
passage and passed at once, and grant this
small favorto the country that needs it so much.
Mr. McRTJER. Mr. Speaker, I have no
particular objection to postponing the consid-
eration of this bill, but I think that we might
as well meet the issue at this time. There is
a disposition—open and avowed—on the part
of some members of this House to defeat every
one of these grants to aid in the construction
of railroads; and as an argument in behalf of
this effort it is set forth that these grants of
land are donations or gifts. Sir, I repudiate
that whole idea. The fact is substantially this:
a company come forward and propose to con-
struct a railroad or canal, thereby doubling,
trebling, or quadrupling the value of the public
domain—for what? In consideration of the
grant of a certain portion of that land. Of
course they are acting in their own interest;
but, sir, I contend that it is for the interest of
the whole country that these important public
works should be promoted by grants of land.
Now, I ask gentlemen whether they propose to
overturn the whole system which has prevailed
in this country of granting the public lands?
Sir, we not only make these grants to corpora-
tions, but it is the policy of this Government to
give away its public lands to every person who
will occupy and improve them.
Now, sir, in regard to the road which this
bill proposes to aid, I will say that the road goes
through a country that is not permeated by any
rivers. Timber grows in that country only to
decay; and this always will be the ease until
some artificial means shall be provided for
bringing it to market and making it valuable.
The grant of land, as proposed in this bill, will
not subtract one dime from the wealth of the
nation. This company do not propose to
take this land out of the country. One would
suppose, from the manner in which measures
of this sort are denounced, that our public
domain is to be diminished; that we are not
going to have land enough left to raise what-
ever may be necessary to sustain life. Every
one of these grants to railroads going through
unpopulated country, through land which in its
present condition is cot worth a cent, does not
impoverish, but must necessarily enrich the
country. Thesegrants stimulate industry; they
invite population. If on the line of this road
there is any land worth cultivation and fitted in
its present condition to invite population such
land has already been taken up and occupied,
and none of such land can be granted. All the
land that this company can obtain under this
grant is land which never has been cultivated,
and never will be until there shall be provided
some means of transportation by which culti-
vators may carry their produce to a market.
Now, sir, we might as well meet here upon
the threshold the question presented by this
bill as to postpone it. I hope that this House
in its good sense will see that this is no time to
subvert the settled policy of this Government,
which has been to grant lands to railroad cor-
porations, thereby increasing fifty or one hun-
dred per cent, or more the value of the land
which the Government retains. I hope that
this bill will receive the favorable considera-
tion of the House at this time. Between Co-
lumbia river and Puget sound there is no navi-
gable river to bear the products of that coun-
try to a market. That region bears a rich
growth of timber which may be made valuable
if any means be afforded for bringing it to a
market. At the present time, as I have said,
that timber grows only to decay.
There is no inducement to a State or a cor-
poration to build at its own expense and with-
out any consideration a railroad through the
public domain to enrich the Government. The
bargain proposed in this case is substantially
similar to that in a case which I will suppose.
You have a farm, unproductive and worthless,
but which might be made productive if there were
a stream of water flowing through it. I pro-
pose to carry through your land a rich stream
of water, which shall irrigate and fructify it
if you will give me a certain portion of the
land; and by accepting my offer you double
or perhaps quadruple the value of your posses-
sions. That is substantially the case here. By
making the proposed grant of land to this com-
pany the Government does not give away one
dollar, but puts money into its Treasury and
increases the wealth of the country.
Sir, I hope that the motion to postpone this
bill will not prevail. The conditions attached
to the bill are precisely similar to those at-
tached to a grant which has already been made
to a railroad from California to Oregon. This
road is a continuation of that same route; and
although I and my constituents are not directly
interested in this measure still we on the Pa-
cific coast are ifidirectly interested in every
railroad grant that may serve to develop the
public wealth.
Mr. BIDWELL. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
opposition to this bill comes with very little
grace from the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
WasHburxe.] His State is gridironed witfi
railroads, many if not most of which have
been constructed through Government aid by
grants of land. And I am told that that State
not only has the benefit of the development of
her resources by the railroads constructed
through the public lands, but that it also de-
rives a revenue almost sufficient to sustain the
State government by reserving a percentage
on the sales of the lands granted by the Gov-
ernment for railroad purposes.
And now the gentleman from Illinois threat-
ens to bring forward the sum total of the grants
made for internal improvementsin thoseStates
and to parade those enormous figures before
the House in order to defeat a road as Neces-
sary as any road within the public domain of
this country, and to lay it to the charge of the
railroad which is now asked to be aided by the
Government in the Territory of Washington.
I repeat, as it has been said here, we might
as well meet the issue now. This country is
vast; its resources are immeasurable; its de-
velopment is in a state of progression, and
unless the Representatives of the country can
entertain a comprehensive view of the public
interest and extend equal and impartial aid to
all portions of it some parts must lack, suffer,
even retrogade. It is absolutely necessary in
order to develop the regions west of the
Rocky mountains to encourage the opening
up of channels of communication. It is neces-
sary to the agricultural development of the
country, necessary to the mineral develop-
ment, necessary to the stability and prosperity
of this country upon its western borders.
During the last session this Congress granted
aid in order to construct a road connect! jg
California with Oregon. I think no man I as
been able to find a single solid objection lo the
grant then made. No one will be so bold as
to say that it will not largely aid in the develop-
ment of that country, that it is not absolutely
necessary as a military measure, as a postal
measure, and as a measure of general pros-
perity upon the western border of our country.
Now, sir, this road to which it is proposed to
grant aid is merely a continuation of that
road to connect it with one of the finest har-
bors in the world.
Mr. Speaker, I am aware there are other
bills pending before Congress asking aid in tne
way of donations of land for the purpose of
effecting their construction. If we stop here,
after having granted aid to every State upon
the eastern slope of the Rocky mountains and
deprive of these same measures the Pacific,
what is going to be the effect? The people ou
that slope are engaged in establishing an em-
pire which is to form a very important part of
this Republic. You may cripple it while wc
are endeavoring to develop it. You can, if
you'see proper, withhold the same measure of
aid to us that you have given to others on this
side, and thereby to the extent of your power
endeavor to alienate us: but I can tell gentle-
men if they comprehend the real wants of this
country they mu#t mete out to us the same
measure of justice they have asked for them-
selves.
One thing is, they never can alienate the
patriotism of the people of the Pacific. \\ hile
we are engaged in throwing into your markets
the very gold which sustains your credit, aud
without which you would be on the verge of
financial bankruptcy, and endeavoring at the
same time to develop«She resources which will
make us a great and prosperous people, you
endeavor to deprive us of the very same means
whieh you have already received at the hands
of this Government. I ask, I appeal to the
House, is it just? is it right? If you are going
to deny this measure you ought to be consist-
entand repeal every bill you passed at the last
session of Congress.
I will not occupy any more of the time of
