1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
are likely to be continued against the Presi-
dent, because he has dared to go straight-
forward in the faithful discharge of the grave
responsibilities of his high office; because he
does not believe with the gentlemen who con-
trol this Congress that ten of the States of this
Union have been reduced to mere territories ;
because he insists that they are States in the
Union, equal in their rights and dignity with
the other States, and constitutionally entitled
to be represented in this House and in the
Senate, and to participate in the election of
President and Vice President. Yes, he stands
by the Union of the States under the Constitu-
tion, and for this he is assailed; for this his
Administration is to be singled out, and the
office which he administers is to be stripped of
the exercise of a povrer which every depart-
ment of the Government since its organization
has said belonged to it.
Legislation like this, Mr. Speaker, when it
comes to be examined by that calm and delib-
erate public opinion which will sooner or later
consider all these questions, will not, I trust, be
sanctioned by the American people.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend by
striking out these words :
Excepting the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury,
of War, of the Navy, and of tho Interior, tho Post-
master General, and the Attorney General.
So that the first section will then read :
That every person holding any civil office to which
ho has been appointed by and with tho advice and
consent of tho Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter be appointed to any such office, and shall
becomo duly qualified to act therein, it' and shall bo
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
havo been in like manner appointed and duly quali-
fied, except as herein othciwiso provided.
Mr. Speaker, having already spoken so much
at large on the general principles involved
in this projected measure of retorin, I do not
now propose to rehearse what 1 have said, but
will endeavor to confine myself in what 1 have
to offer to the amendment I have just sub-
mitted.
That amendment seems to me to be essential
to the symmetry of the bill, essential to its
completeness, essential to its efficacy, essential
to it as a remedial measure, which shall be
coextensive with the evil which it proposes to
correct, and essential, I think, to the satisfac-
tion of the general demands of the American
public. The principle of this bill, which comes
to us from the Senate, like that 1 had the
honor to report to this House, involves a nega-
tion, as 1 may say, of the doctrine of the right
of removal at the mere will of the Executive,
which has sogenerally prevailed in the practice
of this nation. It recognizes it as an evil; it
proposes to rectify that evil; but it stops short
in the exception which covers the heads of the
several Departments of the Government, as
indicated in the Constitution. In this 1 think
the bill is defective. With the elimination of
this exception. I think it will be of great prac-
tical value. Without it, we shall be only prun-
ing off a little of the redundant foliage, instead
of applying the ax to the root of the tree.
Why is it that these, the highest officers in
the Government, aro excepted, while the bill
aims only at lower and inferior ones? The
reason is, as I understand it, that the heads of
Departments are the constitutional, perhaps I
should not say constitutional, but at all events
thos confidential advisers of the Executive, and
that unity in council is essential to a proper
administration of the powers of that Depart-
ment ; in other words, that so far as regards
the executive branch of the public service
there should be only one universal will per-
vading the whole vast domain of this Republic;
that there is to be no reference to the will of
the people, no responsibility in that direction
whatever, but that all things are to be referred
to the .supreme pleasure of the Executive, who
is to be in that respect all in all.
I take leave just here to say, what I suppose
no one in this House will question, that there
is no advisory council known to our Constitu-
tion except the Senate of the United States.
True it is that the heads of Departments have
been generally recognized and characterized
as "the Cabinet," and equally true it is that
from the foundation of the Government the
Chief Executive Magistrate has applied to them
for sjieh advice as he might desire; but it does
not follow that he may not with equal propriety
seek it elsewhere. He may consult them, how-
ever, and I am free to admit that their opinions
are entitled to great weight so long as they are
in the condition of independent officers; but
when the idea of advice is combined with that
of a compulsory unity, a unity constrained by
the power of the Executive over the tenure of
the officer, 1 do not know how these positions
are to be reconciled with each other. To exer-
cise the office of a counselor it is of the first
necessity that tho party who holds it should
enjoy tho most perfect freedom. If ho sub-
sists upon the breath of the Executive Magis-
trate and holds his place .by his mere arbitrary
will, is it likely that his opinions will be gov-
erned by any reference to the interests of the
country ?
Why, sir, if these high functionaries aro to
depend solely upon that will, then they arc in
no different position, so far as regards the
nation, from, and are of no more value to its
executive head than are the minions and syc-
ophants who live on the breath of a despot and
poison his ear by their mendacious flattery.
What man of sense, for example, would under-
take to say that with a Cabinet council com-
posed of creatures standing in habitual awe of
the Executive and under the constant terror of
the bow-string, from tho grand vizier down to
the very lowest in the grade of servico, that
any honest or manly advice was likely to be
obtained or even possible?
Is this so much desiderated unity consistent
then with the idea that the men conforming to
it shall occupy the position of advisers when
they are held under bonds like this? To treat
them as such, if not very like a joke, is the very
climax of absurdity.
And now, Mr. Speaker, what is there in the
relations of the Executive of tho United States
to these officers under the Constitution which
should entitle him to control them ? Docs the
Constitution intend it? Unquestionably not,
but the very contrary. Have the heads of
Departments no duties to perform except such
as are .assigned to them by the Executive him-
self?1! The Congress of the United States is
expressly authorized by the terms of the Con-
stitution to lodge with them tho power of ap-
pointing to all inferior offices. We do in-
vest them with other powers, and we impose
upon them other duties in almost every day
and hour of our legislative experiences. Aro
these men not officers of the Government, hut
the mere agents and servants of the Executive?
Is there no responsibility to us? Is there none
to the law? There may be, there now is; but
under present circumstances, and with this
power of removal reserved to the Executive,
and unfortunately recognized as belonging to
him alone and exercisable without appeal
ever since the year 1789, of what value to the
nation is that constitutional provision which
gives to us the power of lodging these appoint-
ments in the hands of his subordinates? None
whatever. Its exercise by us has become in
effect a mere farce, a cheat, and a delusion—an
empty and idle assertion of authority.
Allow me to appeal to the practice, and to
ask what is the experience of this nation on
this subject? For if we aro not to learn wis-
dom in that school we shall be a great many
years in the process of growing wise. On this
point it is only necessary to call the attention
of this House to tho case of the removal of
the deposits in 1833. Mr. Duane, it will be
recollected, was then Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The charter of the Bank of the United
States provided, if my recollection serves me,
that the deposits of the public moneys should
be made in that institution, and should remain
with it unless the Secretary of the Treasury at
anytime, upon information satisfactory to him-
self, should judge them to be insecure. Gen-
eral Jackson, who was then Chief Magistrate,
(with, as we know, a will of hia own, and au
iron one, too.) insisted upon their removal. Mr.
Duane, the Secretary of the Treasury, believ-
ing them to be safe, refused to obey tie order,
to his honor be it said. He did not look to th©
pregnant fact that he was holding his office by.
the precarious tenure of executive will. He
was man enough—and I am sorry, for the coun-
try's sake, that there are so few resembling
him—to overlook and despise that considera-
tion, and peremptorily refused to do the work
he was commanded. And what was the result?
The answer of the President, as it has been
generally reported—and I have no doubt, from
the internal evidence, that it is true—was, that
if Mr. Duane would not do his will and defer
to his authority in tho premises he would find
another man who would. And he did find that
compliant man in the person of Roger B.
Taney, then Attorney General, who was trans-
ferred to the Treasury for that object, and
faithfully and submissively performed the work
that he was put upon.
Here, then, was the case of a power lodged
with and a duty imposed by an act of Con-
gress on the Secretary of the Treasury, and
that power and the performance of the duty
overridden and overruled by the arbitrary
fiat of the Chief Magistrate, and his purpose
accomplished and his will enforced by turning
out the officer for no other reason than because
he proved to bo consciontious and felt that he
owed duties to the law which were superior to
those he owed to the Magistrate from whom
ho derived and under whom he held his com-
mission as the head of one of the Departments
of tho Government.
But this is not all. The Constitution of the
United States, as I have already remarked,
authorizes Congress to vest the appointing
power cither in the Chief Magistrate alone or
in the heads of Departments or in the courts,
so far as regards the appointing of inferior
officers, who comprise, I suppose—and this is
in accordance with the opinion of Judge Story
—at least ninety-nine out of every hundred of
the valuable and paying officcs of this nation.
Well, sir, we have exercised that power in
sundry instances. It was not intended, as the
terms of this provision show, that the Execu-
tive should appoint in all cases, although all
these are to bo regarded as executive officers.
It did intend that this power should be parceled
out and divided. It was its obvious spirit and
purpose that Congress should lodge it with high
functionaries, who it was reasonably supposed
would bo sufficiently independent for its safe,
judicious exercise. We have exercised that
power in some instances. We have vested the
Postmaster General witli the faculty of appoint-
ing to all post offices where the salary is less
than one thousand dollars per annum. We
have vested the Secretary of the Interior with
the power of appointing pension agents and
perhaps other officers; and yet it is a trans-
parent, fact, well known to every man conver-
sant with the business of these offices, that
appointments are made everyday by the Presi-
dent himself, in cases where the power is lodged
with the head of the Department, without con-
sulting and even without the knowledge of the
head of the Department himself!
And here, in the way of illustration, I am
reminded of a very recent case in the person of
a pension agent who received a notice of removal
without any previous complaint that he was
aware of against him ; and upon application to
the Secretary of the Interior, to whom the
appointment belonged under the law, was in-
formed by that functionary that he knew noth-
ing about the case, and was not even aware of
the fact of hissupersedure. The result is, there-
fore, as practically shown no doubtin hundreds
of instances, that under present circumtances,
with the heads of Departments depending for
their official life on the arbitrary pleasure of
the Executive, this important provision of the
Constitution is practically blotted out and our
power over the subject substantially abdicated.
I know that my very worthy friend who sits
before.me, [Mr' Hale,] with his strong conserv-
ative leanings in favor of old abuses, will dissent
