174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18.
Mr. McRUER. I will yield the floor, for a
few moments to the gentleman from Oregon,
[Mr. Henderson. ]
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Speaker, I wish
to-make a very short statement in regard to
this road. One terminus of it is at the town
where I reside, and I am familiar with the his-
tory of the road. The citizens of that place
and the vicinity felt such an interest in the
construction of the road that they subscribed
$100,000 to assist in its completion in addition
to the aid furnished by the Government grant
of land. But the money thus subscribed and the
land which can at present be realized by the com-
pany Will be insufficient for the completion of
the road, and it is necessary that the company
be allowed to .locate their land beyond the limit
of three miles from the line of the road in order
to make up the quantity originally intended to
be granted to them. The first one hundred and
fifty miles of land is all occupied within the
designated limit, and in the region of the Cas-
cade mountains, through which the road passes,
the land is worthless. The company only ask
that they may be allowed a range of six miles
instead of three in order to make up the defi
ciency under which they now suffer. This road,
when constructed, wiU be of immense value
not only to that section of country but to per-
sons traveling from the Atlantic States to the
Pacific coast, as it shortens the route perhaps
one hundred and fifty miles.
Mr* McEUER. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask my
friend from California [Mr. McRuek] to con-
sent to a postponement of this bill so that we
may consider all these questions together. This
is a question of granting lands, to use a techni-
cal term of the Land Office, "in place;" and
I think that the views of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office in relation to the very
question raised in this bill are such as should
commend themselves to the judgment of the
members of this House.
I move that the further consideration of this
bill be postponed until the second Wednesday
of January, so that it will come up immedi-
ately after the other bill of a similar nature,
which has been postponed till the second Tues-
day of that month.
Mr. McRUER. I do not yield for any such
motion. This is a very simple question  
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.. The gen-
tleman from California may think this is a very
simple question, and he may arraign me and
others for undertaking to resist these efforts to
appropriate the public lands for the benefit of
private corporations; but, sir, I shall endeavor
to discharge my duty to my constituents and to
the country by opposing all bills which seem to
me improper.
Now, sir, I desire to call attention to the
views of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, as expressed in his report of lastyear, in
reference to the very question raised by this
bill. And, sir, it is a very important question
whether the Government shall under such cir-
cumstances establish this precedent of allow-
ing these companies to go outside of the ori-
ginal limits in cases where the quantity of land
granted, or supposed to be granted, docs not
amount to so much as is claimed by the com-
pany.
The Commissioner of the General Land
Office says:
" The question has been agitated as to the propriety
of a change of policy in making grants in aid of the
construction of railroads by floats or scrip in lieu of
land indemnity in place when the fall complement is
not- found within the usual limits. In this connec-
tion, the result of suoh doparturefrom the woll-estab-
lished policy of the Government is an important
consideration in view of the interests of homostead
and preemption settlers. In reference to any such
suggested general change of policy" 
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill goes over until to-morrow
morning.
employes in coast survey, etc.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before th« House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in
accordance with the act of March 3, 1853, a
statement of the names of persons employed
in the Coast Survey, together with a statement
of expenditures in said office j which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
supekintjendext op public printing.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the fourteenth annual
report of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing ; which was referred to the Committee' on
Printing, and ordered to be printed.
ordnance and ordnance stores.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy transmitting, in
compliance with a resolution of the House of
the 6th instant, a statement of all ordnance
and ordnance stores on hand; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
dikect taxes, etc.
The SPEAKER announced the following
members as the select committee on direct
taxes and forfeited lands created yesterday:
Mr. Coxklixg of New York, Mr. Donnelly
of Minnesota, Mr. Dawes of Massachusetts,
Mr. Scofield of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Hard-
ing of Kentucky.
fox and "wisconsin rivers.
Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution extending the time for
the completion of the improvement of the Fox
and Wisconsin rivers ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
california canal.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced an act granting land to aid in the
construction of a canal in the State of Califor-
nia ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
death of senator wright.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Foknest, its Secretary, notifying the House
of the passage by that body of the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate has heard with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of Hon.
William Weight, while a Senator in Congress from
the State of New Jersey.
Resolved. That as a testimonial of respect for the
memory of the deceased the members of the Senate
will wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty
days.
Resolved, That these proceedings be communicated
to the family of the deceased by the Secretary of the
Senate.
Resolved, That as a further mark of respect to the
memory of the deceased the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know whether
anybody desires the House should proceed to
the consideration of those resolutions now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
they will be called up at three o'clock. For
the present they will be laid upon the table,
amendment to the constitution.
Mr. STOKES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a petition for an amendment to the
Constitution.
Mr. ANCONA. I object. It can be re-
ferred under the rules.
district of columbia.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend the laws of the Dis-
trict of Columbia ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
mary fitzpatrick.
Mr. WARNER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution granting a pension
to Mary Fitzpatrick; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
election 0? senators.
Mr. HENDERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend an act regulating
the time and manner of holding elections for
Senators in Congress, approved July 25,1806;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
public lands.
Mr. FERRY. I present the following;
To the Honorable, the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled:
Ata meeting of the Grand Rapids Labor and Land
Reform Union Association, held on the 7th instant
in the city of Grand Rapids, in the fourth congres-
sional district of the State of Michigan, the following
preamble and resolution were unanimously adopted:
Whereas there is now before Congress a proposi-
tion to make a large grant of the people's lands for
the ostensible purpose of aiding in the construetiQn
of a railroad from San Francisco to Humboldt; and
whereas we, the members of the Labor and Land
Reform Union of the city of Grand Rapids—and we
believe the whole laboring community—firmly be-
lieve that the disposing of the public lands to spec-
ulators is detrimental to the financial, educational,
civil, social, and moral prosperity of the whole peo-
ple, and especially of the pioneer agriculturalist; and
whereas the granting of these lands to railroad com-
panies is but an aggravated form of the same stu-
pendous evil: Therefore,
Resolved, That we most solemnly protest against
Congress granting any land for a railroad from San
Francisco to Humboldt, or any other railroad, .or to
dispose of the public lands in any manner whatso-
ever, except for homesteads to homestead seekers;
but if Congress shall deem it advisable to encourage
that or any other improvement, it shall be done by
giving the proceeds of the lands, and not the fee-of
the soil, thus keeping the people's lands intact for
the actual settler only.
The paper was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
legislative, etc., appropbiation bill.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Lawrence, of Pennsylvania, in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of House bill No. 896, making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1867.
The first reading of the bill for information
was dispensed with.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Congressional Globe, $35,532.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to amend by striking
out $35,532 and inserting $206,059, and to
add thereafter the following items to be found
in a subsequent part of the bill:
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix for each Member and Delegate of the
first regular session of the Fortieth Congress, and one
hundred copies of the same for the House Library,
$35,592, or so much thereof as may be necessary.
For paying the publishers of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, according to the number of
copies taken, one cent for everj;fivc pages exceeding
three thousand, including the indexes and tho laws *
of the United States, £15,000,
For one complete set of tho Congressional Globe
and Appendix for each Representati ve in tho Fort ieth
Congress and each Delegate who has not received
the same heretofore, $37,500.
For reporting and publishing proceedings in the
Daily Globe, $23,000.
For the usual additional compensation to the re-
porters of the House for the Congressional Globe for
reporting the proceedings of the House for the first
regular session of the 1 ortieth Congress, §800 feach,
$4,800.
And then to add, "the above items making
up the aggregate-of $206,059 above named.'*
I do this for the purpose of bringing into an
aggregate sum the amount paid for the Con-
gressional Globe so that we may see at a
glance what the total expense is. This amend-
ment does not propose in the slightest manner
io change the amount paid to the Globe, but
simply consolidates them. I presume that tho
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
will not object to this proposition.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Printing what
is the annual aggregate amount that the Con-
gressional Globe costs the Government.
Mr. LAFLIN. That it is the purpose of
my amendment, to exhibit. It is $206,059 in
this appropriation bill. Whether this covers
