938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
from, me on this question. The bill from the
Senate now before us is, I believe, the same
reported here by himself from the joint Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, which is now depend-
ing as an amendment, or rather substitute for
the bill reported by me from the Judiciary Com-
mittee of this House. There may be some
slight differences, but they are, I think, sub-
stantially the same.
And now, with a view of showing to the
House that I have the full indorsment on the
part of that committee, through one of its
accredited organs on this floor, of the very
opinions and views I have been expressing,' I
will take the liberty of referring to the very
able speech made by the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Jenckes] a few days ago in the
consideration of the bill in relation to appoint-
ment to the civil service, in which I take it
that he expresses the opinions of the committee.
I shall be pardoned of course for reading a
paragraph from that speech which is so much
to the purpose as the following:
" TENDENCY TOWARD CENTRALIZATION.
"Another evil, and one which may become of greater
magnitude and threaten greater danger to the Re-
public than any other, is that already suggested, of
the direct interference of the Chief Executive in the
appointment of officers which by law is-vested in the
heads of Departments, claiming to exercise over
these chiefs the power of removal without the assent
of the Senate, as well as exercising the power of ap-
pointment with the Senate's advice and consent.
His will controls the heads of Departments, in whose
discretion the Congress has by law under the Consti-
tution vested the selection of these inferior officers.
Thus the whole public civil service, in the language
of the resolution appointing this committee, is 'be-
ing used as an instrument of political or party
patronage;* and with the leader of the political
party in power, or of one that seeks to bo in power,
m the executive Mansion, one of the greatest evils
which can endanger the existence of a republic
springs into existence in the very heart of ours—that
oftho centralization of all-appointing as well as execu-
tive power in one person. The framers of the Con-
stitution wisely guarded against this centralizing
tendency by the clause already quoted, but under
the present system that guard is a nullity."
This is well and conclusively put, and fully
authorizes me, I think, to say that if my wor-
thy friend from New York dissents from my
argument here he dissents equally from the
logic of the paragraph from his colleague's
speech to which I Have referred. I think I
have understood from him, however, that he
indorses the whole of that speech.
If, then, I have not misapprehended him, I
shall have a right to expect him to join hands
and stand shoulder to shoulder with me in this
endeaver to make the heads of the Executive
Departments independent of the Executive
will. I expect him, therefore, to unite with
me in lifting these men from their abject and
slavish posture at the footstool of imperial
power. I want him to unite with me in so or-
dering our affairs that there shall at no time
hereafter be a recurrence of such scandalous
exhibitions as the country has been compelled
to witness at Philadelphia, where a political
convention was manipulated and engineered by
high functionaries of this Government in form-
ing a part of the very Cabinet of the President.
I want him to vote with me so as to make it
impossible hereafter that the world shall wit-
ness another royal progress like the last, graced
by the attendance of Cabinet ministers, and
illustrated, too, by sometimes maudlin public
' utterances from them.
And_ now, Mr. Speaker, I have only to say,
in addition to what I have already remarked,
that there are other objections to this bill, which
I will en.deavor to correct if I am allowed the
privilege by such amendments as have sug-
gested themselves to me.
I trust the gentleman from New York will
allow me this opportunity. I take his silence
for consent, and with that understanding I will
■not detain the House any longer.
Mr. HALE. I hope the gentleman will
infer nothing from my silence. It is important
that this bill should be brought to a vote this
afternoon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I give notice then to the
gentleman from New York that if my amend-
ment to the first section prevails, a correspond-
ing amendment will be needed and offered by
me for the second one.
The third section also I shall ask to change,
because it reenacts a constitutional provision
in very terms, while it omits to provide that it
shall be the duty of the President to nominate
at the next session when he has filled a vacancy
during the recess. I shall ask leave also to
renew the insertion of the second section of
the bill, now pending in the House, providing
that in no case where a party has been once
rejected by the Senate, shall he be renomi-
nated or replaced or allowed to perform any
of the functions of the office for which he has
been refused.
And with these remarks, as promised, I sub-
mit my pending proposition to the House.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I would
not rise for the purpQse of discussing this bill,
and should occupy no time of the House in
such discussion were it not highly probable
that owing to circumstances beyond my con-
trol, unless the vote is taken this afternoon I
shall not be able to be in my seat when the
yeas and nays are called.
Mr. Speaker, I am decidedly in favor of the
bill as it came from the Senate; and I am as
decidedly opposed to the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Williams.] I oppose the amendment not so
much upon constitutional grounds, despite the
authority of Madison, as upon the grounds of
expediency and policy; on the ground of ex-
pediency, because I believe that if the amend-
ment is inserted the measure will be lost. As
has been said on the floor of this House over
and over again, the three departments of the
Government are independent of each other—
the legislative, the executive, and the judicial.
The legislative department is independent of
the executive, except so far as the veto may
control their action. The executive depart-
ment is independent of the legislative depart-
ment, except so far as the action of the Senate
upon appointments is concerned. Now, these
exceptions, which like all exceptions must be
construed strictly, were placed in the Consti-
tution by our fathers for wise and wholesome
purposes; and I believe they should in no in-
stance be departed from. In the one instance
they prevent hasty, improvident, and juncon-
stitutional legislation. In the other th^1/pre-
vent the appointment of weak or dishonest
men to office. In all other respects the coor-
dinate branches of Government are independ-
ent of eacli other.
Now, sir, in regard to the power of removal,
the Constitution is silent upon the question.
It does not say that it shall be given to the
President or to the President and the Senate.
It merely says that all appointments shall be
made by the President by and with the approval
of the Senate. I admit, with my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Williams,] that as a gen-
eral proposition the power of removal is inci-
dent to the power of appointment. But I deny
that it necessarily follows that the power of
removal is restricted to the appointing power.
I have no doubt that Congress has the su-
preme power to control the entire subject of
removal.
When the proposition was first before the
House in the bill presented by my friend [Mr.
Williams] the other day, at first it met with
my approval. I then deemed it to be neces-
sary for the safety of the Government, and
even for the preservation of the principles of
liberty, that the heads of the Executive De-
partments should only be removed by and with
the approval and consent of the Senate. I
looked upon it without any reference to the
present condition of the country, without any
rcfcrence to any party. I have tried to look
upon it in no partisan spirit, but so far as I
could as a statesman, and after giving it very
mature reflection, (and I have devoted to the
subject the best power of my mind,) I now
believe that it is safer for the Government,
and more in accordance with our theory of an
independent executive, to allow the President
alone to remove the heads of the Depart-
ments, instead of calling upon the Senate for
its consent.
Sir, the President of the United States is the
executive head of the nation. The acts of the
Executive and of tho heads of the Depart-
ments are the acts of the President, and his
only; for those acts he alone is responsible to
the country. The heads of Departments are
the confidential agents of the President, or, if
gentlemen prefer the nomenclature of John
Randolph, they are his chief clerks. The the-
ory of the Constitution is that the President,
being the executive head of the nation, con-
trols and manages personally all the affairs of
his department. .But that has become practi-
cally impossible. The President cannot with
his own hands perform all the duties incident
to his department. He cannot with his own
eyes overlook all the details of our foreign
and domestic relations, and it became neces-
sary to systematize and subdivide, and hence
the various Departments were established.
And for more efficiency each was provided
with a head called a Secretary. To whom, sir,
are those heads of Departments responsible ?
To Congress or the people primarily? No,
sir; to the President, and the President alone.
They exercise the duties of their Departments
under the direction, will, and control of the
President, and their acts are the acts of the
President. They are, as was well said in the
debate of 1798, the "extra eyes and the extra
arms of the President," and they are respon-
sible to him alone. They have by custom
come to be called his •" constitutional advis-
ers;" but there is nothing in the Constitution
that makes them such; there is nothing in the
law that makes them such. But usually, being
men of great ability, and in intimate com-
munication and confidential relations with the
President, they, by reason of their knowledge
of the duties of their respective Departments,
become, so to speak, his advisers. But he ia
not obliged to call upon them: he may con-
sult with whom he pleases.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it has been said, and said
with a great deal of feeling, that in consequence
of permitting the President to select and dis-
miss at his pleasure the members of his Cabi-
net, as they are called, or the heads of the
Departments, the Secretaries become merely
the tools of the President, exercising no manly
judgment upon the affairs of the nation. With
a bad or weak man it may possibly be so ; but
it is by no means probable; and I believe that
an able and wicked Secretary would have
greater power to gratify an unhallowed ambi-
tion and to injure the country by making the
consent of the Senate necessary for his removal.
If such consent be required, it will, in my
judgment, be dangerous to the country, because
it will weaken and divide the Administration ;
it will divide the power charged with the exe-
cution of the laws. Look, for instance, at tho
recent rebellion. Suppose that during the late
conflict the Secretary of War had entertained
the idea that secession might be proper, and iu-
stead of managing his affairs of his Department
in such an able manner as to gain for himself
the affection of our whole loyal people and the
plaudits of the civilized world, had preserved a
masterly inactivity, doing nothing treasonable,
but being simply inefficient, nothing but disaster
and ruin would have resulted to the country. Sir,
in a case like that, where the " confidential
adviser" or agent of the President is found not
to be executing his will under the law ought
not the President to have the power to displace
him ? Does not the safety of the country de-
mand that the President should possess such
power ?
Gentlemen here seem to proceed upon the
ground_ that everybody is bad; that human
nature is necessarily corrupt; and that when a
man gets into official position he will degrade
himself by the commission of mean and dis-
honest acts. Sir, I believe that human nature
partakes in some measure of the essence of
divinity; that man into whom God breathed
the breath of life has still a.bout him something
of the impress of God. I believe that, whether
