■1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in high or low position, there is something of
honesty left in the world. I -know that men
often are bad; but I cannot admit that because
a man is in power he is necessarily corrupt.
My position in relation to the present Admin-
, istration is well known. It is well known that
the views of the Executive do notagree with
my views; and I utter these sentiments merely
as the honest and earnest conviction of my
judgment, looking to the good of the country.
I look upon the" question in a broader than a
partisan light. I regard it as a question not
merely for the present day, but for the great
future, when this country shall be covered by
a hundred million people. Backed as we
now are by a triumphant majority of the
people, right as we are in the great body of
measures that we are taking to carry out the
expressed will of the people, I warn gentlemen
not to be too hasty. Let us not legislate in a
spirit of partisanship. Let us not legislate for
to-day alone, when we are flushed with victory
and more or less disturbed by passion; but in
the exercise of a pure, clear judgment, befit-
ting statesmen, a judgment that'rises above'the
passions of the hour and the wants of the
moment, let us legislate for the great future. _
I believe, sir, that as a matter of policy this
amendment should not prevail. Its constitu-
tionality I admit; but its expediency and pro-
priety I deny.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move to amend the
bill by adding to the third section the following:
Provided, however. That no vacancy shall be hold
to have happened during the recess of the Sonate if
the incumbent of the office was in the exercise of the
duties of the office upon the day on which Congress
convened; but in such case the person holding such
office shall continue to retain and exercise the same
until his successor is confirmed by the Senate or
until he is removed in accordance with the provis-
ions of this act.
Mr. Speaker, I will ask the attention of the
House for a few moments while I explain the
purpose of this amendment. It is intended to
cover a peculiar class of eases, some of which
have arisen in my State and district.
It is, sir, a well-known fact that it was the
intention of the framers of the Constitution that
the appointing power should not be exercised
by the President alone, but by the President
and the Senate acting conjointly. So jealous
were they of the exercise of this great power
by any one man, and so deep was the impres-
sion upon their minds made by the fierce strug-
gle through which they had passed against the
despotic power of the Government of England,
that they even provide'd in that Constitution the
appointment of many of these officers might,
should the interests of the country require it,
be entirely removed from the President. In
every case occurring while the Senate was in
session it was enjoined the appointment should
be made jointly by the President and the Sen-
ate. But it was seen that there would neces-
sarily occur cases of vacancy during the recess
of the Senate, when of course the judgment
of that body could not be brought to bear upon
the case and it was necessary to provide for
such an emergency and vest. the power of
temporarily filling the place in the hands of the
President. And the Constitution accordingly
provide'd that where vacancies happen during
the recess of the Senate the President may issue
his commission, which shall expire at the end
of the next session of the Senate. It seems to
me nothing could be clearer than the meaning
of that portion of the Constitution. The word
"happen" is derived from a Teutonic root,
which involves the idea of " surprise.'' Webster
defines it as meaning, "to occur accidentally;
to fall out; to come without previous expecta-
tion." It was clearly the intention of the
framers of the Constitution to provide in this
section simply for those vacancies which might
"happen" by the death, resignation, or mis-
conduct in office. Mr. Hamilton spoke of it
as referring to '' cases -of casual vacancies.
Now, under the practice that has grown up
under out Government, it has been assumed by
the President that he could actually " create"
the vacancy, which by the terms of the Con-
stitution was expected to "happen;''1 that is
to say, that that which was to be a casual act
beyond the control of the appointing power
could be created by the appointing power.
Such a construction, it seems to me, cannot
possibly be supported ■ by the language of the
Constitution. But great as are the evils which
have grown out of this forced construction of
the Constitution, this amendment is intended
to strike at a still greater perversion of the
meaning of the Constitution, a still greater
extension of the illegal and unjust practice
which has recently arisen.
In my own district the United States assess-
or, one of the best and most capable officers
in the entire revenue service 01 the United
States, was, upon the 6th day of December
last, after the convening of the present session
of Congress, in the undisputed exercise of the
duties of his office, so recognized by the De-
partment, performing all his duties. Subse-
quent to that date, no misconduct having been
alleged against the incumbent, a party ap-
peared with a commission dated on the 16th
of November last, and claimed the possession
of the office. The assessor holding office by
a perfect title—by the appointment of the late
President Lincoln—confirmed long since by
the Senate, refused to yield up his office until
the appointment of his successor was acted
upon by the Senate, then in actual session; and
he has to this day so refused to yield, and is
still in the exercise of the duties of his Office.
Now, I seek by this amendment to prevent
just such cases. I do not seek to attack the
right of the President to make removals dur-
ing the actual recess of the Senate, although,
as I said, I do not think such action, however
justified by custom, is consistent with the
language and intent of the Constitution.
But I desire to prevent this system of remov-
ing men from office during the actual session
of the Senate upon commissions which may,
for aught the incumbent or the Senate knows,
be antedated, and may be really made and is-
sued from the Department at Washington while
the Senate is in session. If my amendment is
adopted and becomes part of the bill it will
require that in such cases the party so taking
the appointment shall abide the action of the
Senate, and that the party who is in possession
of the office at the time the Senate convenes
shall continue to hold it until his successor is
confirmed by the Senate. I do not think there
can be any reasonable objection to such a
provision. If it is not adopted there is no
limit to this power of the President. It is in
his power, while we are now deliberating and
attempting to set up guards against his power
of removal, to issue commissions by the whole-
sale and date them back to November or July
or March, if he chooscs, and so remove the
remnant of good and faithful men who are yet
left in office, and who look to this Congress for
protection.
Neither can there be any_ reason for the
course which the Administration seek to pur-
sue : t.here can be no motive for it. The Sen-
ate being actually in session, it is the preroga-
tive of the Senate to judge between the two
men—the incumbent and his proposed suc-
cessor—and I can see no reason why the party
holding a commission, received by him after
the commencement of the session of Congress,
should not abide the action of the Senate. Any
other construction will simply tend to do away
with the power of the Senate to act upon those
cases, i hope, Mr. Speaker, I have given
sufficient explanation 'of the purpose of my
amendment and that it will prevail. I feel, at
least, that I should be false to many excellent
men in my own district and throughout the
whole country if I did not make this effort to
stay the hand of persecution and usurpation.
Mr. HISE. Mr. Speaker, the few_ remarks
that I intend to submit I have no idea will
the
some-
any thing particularly interesting to i
members of the Hpuse. They will be son
contain i
what didactic and'elementary.
I believe it is a cardinal principle m polit-
ical philosophy, as enunciated by Montesquieu
and afterward approved and adopted by Madi-
son , that the distribution of the powers of a Gov-
ernment intended to be free into separate and
independent departments is necessity in order
that free government should be maintained
and perpetuated; and that the contrary doc-
trine of the amalgamation or concentration of
all the governmental powers in the hands of
one single magistrate or a single department
of the Government, whether the officers of
that department held their powers for life or a
shorter time, and whether it be hereditary or
elective, is the very essence of despotism, and
any Government based upon such doctrine
will, in the absence of the restraints or cheeks
existing by reason of a division of its powers
between different and independent depart-
ments, as shown by the light of experience
and history, end in corrupt, arbitrary, irrespon-
sible, and oppressive misrule, notwithstanding
there be a written constitution strictly defin-
ing and limiting its powers. •
I belike that the framers of the Constitution
of the United States, as well as the framers of
all our State constitutions, founded the frame-
work of our governments upon the fundamental
principle to which I have referred. It was held
to be indispensably necessary, in order that
government should be free, that there should
be this division of its powers amotig at least
three different departments. There is a broad
line of distinction between the powers of these
branches of the Government, the executive,
the legislative, and the judicial. To state it
simply, the legislative department makes the
laws, the judicial department construes them
and determines all contests between individual
litigants, and pass upon and apply, as required
in cases within their defined and established
jurisdiction, all the laws both statutory and fun-
damental ; while the executive department was
provided for a distinct and different purpose,
as its name imports, and that was to execute
the laws as passed by the Legislature and sus-
tained by the judiciary.
The State governments were organized to
operate upon the rights of person and property,
and to secure civil order and well-regulated
liberty among the people. The Federal Gov-
ernment was constituted for a very different
purpose. It was designed for the management
of what are called national purposes' and ob-
jects, such as our relations with foreign nations
and the preservation of peace between the
States. It was, therefore, necessary that all those
divisions of power which existed in the State
constitutions should be preserved in the Fed-
eral Constitution, so as to prevent encroachment
by this Government upon the reserved rights
of the States.
The framers of the Constitution provided
further in the legislative department for a dif-
ference in the qualifications of membersof the
Senate and House of Representatives, with the
hope and expectation that there would bemoro
experience, moderation, and wisdom in the
body first named than there would perhaps be
in the House of Representatives^ which, on
account of the youth and inexperience of its
members and its numerical force, would bo
more apt to be controlled by partisan passion.
But, as is now the case, both branches of Con-
gress might be in the hands of one political
party, both interested in practicing partisan
abases, and so power was lodged in the hands
of the Executive to operate upon, and to some
extent control, the legislative department by
means of the veto.
The necessity of maintaining these cheeks
and balances provided by the Constitution in
this distribution of powers is shown by the
fact of the various acts committed by the legis-
lative department of the Government during
the last four, five, or six years. Educated in
the school of politics that I have been, it does
seem to me that the tendency of those acts
has been to set up a government here regard-
less of the Constitution of the United States.
I refer not only to the exercise of legislative
