1616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
dred feet below the surface, and from fire-clay,
the cost of an acre of which is £5,000 sterling.
I yield to none here in my devotion to the
interests of American industry and American
labor ; but I do not think we should so adjust
our duties as to give one class of manufactur-
ers and producers an especial advantage over
others equally meritorious, and equally import-
ant to the development of the material interests
of this country.
If we increase largely the duty upon what
we may term the raw products of iron, we
must also give a corresponding increase upon
the more costly and finer products, so that if
the general increase proposed is to be main-
tained the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee may not be too high. But, as appears
from the finance report, there was imported
of this class last year only $283,256, and it is
not probable that the importation would be
increased if we should adhere to the Senate
proposition, which is, I believe, the existing
rate. Therefore I hope the committee will
adhere to the Senate provision. I wish to call
the attention of the committee to the further
fact that in aid of this iron interest, at the last
session, we largely reduced the internal tax
on iron, which to the extent of the reduction
operated as an increase of protection to their
product. The iron manufacturing interest, as
•all others, must be subject to the changes
incident to the abnormal condition of our
finances and may occasionally be depressed ;
but I do not see that we should now largely
increase the cost of all iron products to the
consumer for the purpose of aiding an interest
now so well protected.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. MORRILL. I do not propose to reply
to the gentleman from Iowa, but to call back '
the attention, of the committee to the subject
before them, which is the duty on chains. The
duty upon these chains is fixed in the bill at
two and a half cents per pound. The duty on
chains under the present tariff is the same. As
proposed by the committee it will be three
cents. Now, take common chains, nine or ten
feet long, weighing fifteen or twenty pounds,
and costing from two dollars and a half to three
dollars and a half, all we propose to give to
the blacksmith for the manufacture of this
article in the way of protection, above what he
pays on the material, is therefore from fifteen
to twenty cents. Is that too much? I believe
it is not.
The question being put on agreeing to the
amendment, there were—ayes Hi', noes 40.
Mr. ELDUIDGE demanded tellers; but they
were not ordered.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Sixth-fourth amendment:
^Strike out "five" and insert "six;" so that it will
Loss than three eishths of an inch in diameter and
not less tlian .No. J wire gauge, five cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixty-fifth amendment:
Strike out "eight" and insert "sevenso that it
will read:
Less than No. 9 wire gauge, seven cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixty-sixth amendment:
Strike out "two and one half" and insert "threo;"
so that it shall read:
On anvils of all descriptions, throe cents per pound.
Mr. CHANLER. I move to amend by insert-
ing one and a half cent instead of three. As I
understand the theory of this bill it is protec-
tion ; and the question very naturally arises, I
protection for whom? For the owner of the raw
material, as the gentleman from Massachusetts I
[.Ir. Dawes] calls it, or for the manufacturer I
or lor the laborer or for the consumer? The '
gentleman from Massachusetts sa?s we are
reduced to' the necessity of taxing either the
raw material or the manufactured article. I
maintain that this is a distinction without a
difference. Haw material, except in the form
of the air we breathe, the water we drink, and
the earth we staud on, does not exist. Every-
thing the farmer produces is a manufactured
article ; the product of the mine, the ore which
is dug out and smelted, is a manufactured
article.
Mr. MORRILL. I raise the question of
order that the gentleman is not speaking to his
amendment.
Mr. CHANLER. I am speaking to it at this
moment; I am speaking of the anvil, and I
assert that it approaches as near to the raw
material perhaps as anything, and illustrates
admirably the distinction the gentleman from
Massachusetts seeks to draw, but which he
cannot do. It is a manufactured article ; so is
the ore out of which it is made. And you pro-
pose to draw a distinction in favor of whom ?
In favor of the blacksmith who labors upon the
anvil? No, sir. In every smithy in this land
! you draw a distinction in favor of the owner
of the raw material, as you call it, which is the
ore of which the anvil is made. You draw a
distinction in favor of the manufacturer of the
anvil against the blacksmith who uses it, by
giving to the former the advantage of the
profits which you get finally out of the latter,
and you give to the laborer employed by the
manufacturer no other benefit than his per
diem salary. And yet gentlemen have the
effrontery here to assume that they are consult-
ing the interests of the people.
Sir, it is manifest that this bill is not for the
greatest good of the greatest number; it is for
the greatest good of the richest few. The cap-
ital invested, which finds its profits in the
manufacture of anvils, demands that this re-
striction be put upon it; but the blacksmith,
the man who labors in the factory, makes no
such demand. This bill is not made in the
interest of the laborer nor the interest of the
consumer, and it will be a difficult matter for
gentlemen to pretend that it is made in the
interest of the revenue. No such argument
has been advanced, and if the gentleman from
Ohio, who spoke lately of the tax which was
laid twenty odd years ago in the connection
just read and passed upon, presumes to main-
tain that the high tariff then made to protect
the iron-interest of Pennsylvania increased the
revenue, he will fail in proving it.
[Here the hammer fell.
Mr. MORRILL. Notwithstanding the rich-
ness and superior quality of our iron ores and
the vast amount of iron that we produce, which
should enable us to send it abroad by thousands I
of tons, I am ashamed to say that we neither
export iron and not an anvil is manufactured
in this country, so far as I know, under the
present duty of two and a half cents a pound,
and probably none will be manufactured if we
put the duty at three cents a pound. It is a
matter of entire indifference to me whether the
duty is raised one halt cent per pound or not;
for, although this is a heavy article which
ought to be manufactured in this country, I do
not suppose that an increase of the duty one
half cent per pound will induce a single manu-
factory to engage into the business.
The question was taken on Mr. Ciusler's
amendment to the amendment; and it was dis-
agreed to—ayes 27, noes 70.
The amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means was then agreed to.
Sixty-seventh amendment:
In lines one hundred and forty-nine and one hun-
P ge>>. strike out the words "two
and one half and insert m lieu thereof the word
ti\c, so that it will read:
el2ll Macksmiths' hammers, stone hammers, and
•Sir descriptions, wholly or partially fiu-
lsnea, live cents per pound.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. I believe the present
duty is two and a half cents per pouutj, and,
oil looking at the returns for last year I find
that there were only imported into this country
$'J,000 in value of this article, so that the
present duty is abundantly sufficient to protect
those gentlemen who are engaged in this manu-
facture. I hope the provision will remain as
the Senate fixed it.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I rise to oppose the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Iowa, if he has offered one, or to speak in
favor of the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. ALLISON. Before I take my seat I
wish again to call the attention of my friend
from Pennsylvania to the fact that last year the
importations of this article amounted only to
$9,000 in value, so that certainly the present
rate of duty must be a reasonable protection.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I know nothing of the
accuracy of the returns which the gentleman
cites, but I hardly think that they can be cor-
rect.
These hammers are made of steel, and the
duty on the steel of which they are made is more
than two and a half cents per pound. It is ne-
cessary that we should put a higher duty on the
manufactured hammers than we put upon the
steel of which they are made. The Finance
Committee of the Senate were evidently mis-
taken about this matter. They must have sup-
posed that these hammers were made of iron,
or they would not have put the duty at two
and a half cents per pound.
The question was put upon agreeing to the
amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and there were—ayes 59, noes 40.
Mr. FINCK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Finck and
Mr. Price were appointed. •
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 57, noes 37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Sixty-eighth amendment:
In line one hundred and fifty-one, page 35, strike
out the word "washers;" so that it will read:
Oil wrought-iron nuts, bolts, or rivets, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixty-ninth amendment:
In line one hundred and fifty-two, on tho same
page, after the word " rivets" insert the words " other
than screw-bolts not exceeding four inches in length."
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventieth amendment:
In line one hundred and fifty-four, on the same
page, after the word " three" insert the words " and
one half;" so that tho amended paragraph will read:
On wrought-iron nuts, bolts, or rivets, other than
screw-bolts not exceeding four inches in lenstth,
wholly or partially finished, of all descriptions,
punched or unpunched, three and one half cents per
pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventy-first amendment:
In line one hundred and fifty-five, page 36, insert
the following:
On wrought-iron washers, five cent3 per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventy-second amendment:
In line one hundred and fifty-seven, on the same
page, strike out the words " three and one half" aod
insert in lieu thereof "four;" so that it will read:
On wrought-iron tubes, and flues of all descriptions)
tour cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventy-third amendment:
In line one hundred and fifty-nine, on the same
page, strike out the word "three" and insert in lieu
' thereof four;" so that it will read :
On wrought-iron hinges of all descriptions and bed*
screws, lour cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FINCK. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was put; and the committee
refused to rise—ayes thirty-four, noes not
counted.
Seventy-fourth amendment:
In lines one hundred and sixty-one and one hun-
dred and sixty-two, on the same page, strike out the
JTS three andone half' and insert in lieu thereof
four;" so that it will read:
On galvanized iron, tin p'«ates galvani2©d, and iron
coated with £inc, of all descriptions, lour cents per
pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The seventy-fifth amendment was to make
the duty on cut nails and spikes of all descrip-
tors ''one and three fourths" instead of *' one
' cente P<*r pound, as proposed by
the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
