176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
it would be brought tip again at some con-
venient season ; but I recollect telling a gen-
tleman here at that time that the convenient
season would never arrive. This system has
been going on for a very long time. It has
been the fugientem Italiam of legislation for
a number of years. It ia time that the matter
should be overhauled. Though I may not be
able in dealing with this many-headed power
to strike at more than one head at a time, I
will strike at one at least by moving that lines
fifty-eight, fifty-nine, and sixty be stricken out.
If it is desired to pay for the subscription to
this newspaper we can bring it in some other
way. My amendment is to strike out the fol-
lowing:
. For reporting and printing the proceedings in the
Daily Globe for the first session of the Fortieth Con-
gress, $21,250.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, this only
carries out the arrangement which we made
with the late proprietor of this paper during
his lifetime. It has always been continued
from time to time and about the same amount
that it is now.
The amount of Congressional Globes it will
be seen further on, is twenty-four copies for
each member of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives. Th'ere is an error in the printed
bill, and instead of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
it should be the Fortieth Congress.
This bill appropriates first tor reporting the
ordinary amount, the same that has always been
allowed ever since the arrangement with the
Globe under Mr. Hives. Then we have the
twenty-four copies for each member. It has
been the number ordered and paid for ever
since I have been a member of Congress.
There is nothing, unless the House desires to
inaugurate a new system, at all involved in this
bill which it is for the House to consider. It
now only carries out the arrangement with the
Globe, but if the House desires to establish a
new system that is another question and ought
to come in another form. As it stands between
the proprietors and the House it is now and
has been the custom for I do not know how
many years to make these appropriations. I
do not see how we can avoid in an appropria-
tion bill making the appropriations, when they
are to be made in advance just as they are in
this bill.
I hope, therefore, we shall have no general
discussion in regard to the general question at
this time, but that the matter will be left to be
fully investigated hereafter.
Mr. LAFL1N. Mr. Chairman, I concur
entirely with the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations in his view of the ease,
and I may concur to some extent with the
views of the gantleman from Tennessee, but
atthis time, with the limited knowledge I have
upon the subject and with the knowledge that
there is existing with the publishers of the
Globe a contract, if not written, implied, which
would authorize this expenditure by the Gov-
ernment 
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman let
me ask him what evidence he has of that con-
tract? I have heard a good deal of that eon-
tract, but I have never seen it and never saw
any man who has ever seen it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Call for
it, and let it be ordered to be printed.
Mr. LAFLIN. If the gentleman had no-
ticed my language he would have seen I said
it is a written or implied contract, but for the
purpose of relieving the House 
Mr. MAYNARD. I heard the gentleman's
statement. I want to know whether it is writ-
ten or implied. If it is written has he seen it,
and if implied from what is it implied?
Mr. LAFLIN. I was going on to say that
at a joint meeting of the Committee on Public
Printing this very morning, owing to a disagree-
ment which existed between the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing and the Public Printing
Office and the publishers of the Globe as to
who should bear the expense of what is known
in the printing trade "of folding and gather-
ing," it became necessary for us to look up and i
examine into this contract. And, sir, proper
measures have already been taken to unearth
this contract, if Such a contract exists. With
the limited knowledge I now possess I am dis-
posed to agree with the gentleman from Ten-
nessee that no such written contract does ex-
ist. But there was a certain act passed just
at the close of one of our sessions, at what date
I am unable now to say, which gave them a
certain right, under which at least they are
exercising the right to publish the Globe.
I wish to say here that, without attempting
in any measure whatever to prejudice the in-
terests of the publishers of the Globe, it is the
intention of the Committee on Printing to thor-
oughly examine into the nature of this contract,
to examine into the expenditures which have
been made in virtue of this contract either
written or implied, and if in their judgment it
shall seem proper any change shall be made
either in the terms of that contract or any
change made in the manner in which these
debates are to be published, this committee
will at the proper time make due recommend-
ations.
As I said before, I concur with the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, that we
are not in a proper situation to take the course
suggested by the gentleman from Tennessee,
and I hope, therefore, his amendment will not
be adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish the gentleman
before he takes his seat would address him-
self to a point which he seems to have omitted
in the remarks he has made. The objection
that I made to this item was that it is a large
appropriation for the reporting and printing in j
the Daily Globe. We already provide for pub- '
lisliing the Congressional Globe ; we make
large and sufficient appropriations for that.
Now, what is the Daily Globe? It is nothing
more nor less than the Congressional Globe so
far as our proceedings are concerned. In
addition to those proceedings the Daily Globe
publishes various other kinds of matter, adver-
tisements, &e., as ether newspapers do.
A fact was brought to my recollection which
had escaped me when I was up before, that
this one copy of the Daily Globe which is
placed on our table every day is one of the
twenty-four copies that we get as members.
So I have been informed by a gentleman who
professes to know better than 1 do about the
matter, and when he stated it to me it accorded
with my recollection on the subject. Now if
that be true it is another additional reason
why this should be stricken out. In any event
we pay for the Congressional Globe a large
amount. We pay for the reporting, and now
here is another charge by which we are made
to pay twice over for precisely the samething;
because the Daily Globe is nothing more nor
less than the Congressional Globe in an un-
fledged or embryo state. The debates are
first published in the Daily and then made up
into the size of the Congressional Globe and
published as we get them there.
Mr. HALE. If the gentleman from Tennes-
see will allow me, I will explain very briefly
whatl understandaboutthe effectof this Globe
contract. I had occasion a year ago or more
to examine this subject and then made myself
somewhat familiar with it. The details of it
are now gone from my recollection, but I know
the substance. There is something in the na-
ture of a contract, to say the least of it. By a
resolution of the two Houses—a joint resolu-
tion I think—and by the filing of a bond given
by John C. Rives, the former proprietor of
the Globe, an arrangement has been made be-
tween Congress and the proprietors of the
Globe for the reporting and publishing of the
debates at a certain rate of compensation by
the column in the Daily Globe, for £he daily
publication; and in addition to that the pro-
prietors of the Globe engage to furnish to each
member of the House and Senate a certain num-
ber of copies of the Congressional Globe at a
stipulated price; the pavment for the reporting
by the column and for the volumes as delivered
being both parts of the same contract and going
to make up the compensation ©f the proprie-
tors of the Globe.
Now, I do not come here to vindicate the
propriety of this arrangement or the desirability
of its continuance, but so long as it stands,
and until it is terminated pursuant to the pro-
visions of the contract itself, or the resolution
whatever it was under which this understand-
ing was arrived at, and which provided that it
might be terminated by giving notice—until
that is done, it seems to me we are bound in
good faith to pursue the terms of the contract
on our part. And I suggest to the consideration
of the Committee on Printing and erf tie mem-
bers of the House that when it shall be found ad-
visable to depart from this contract or terminate
it and pursue some different method of re-
porting and publishing the debates, according
to my humble judgment, an improvement will
not be found in transferring this work to the
Public Printers, for I believe there it will cost
much more than it costs now, but rather iu
abandoning the whole matter of publishing the
debates of this House to private competition
and leaving it free to everybody and anybody
to publish the reports so far as they see fit and
get their pay in the ordinary way; thus getting
rid of the cost of supplying copies of the Globe
to members of the House, washing our own
hands of the whole thing, and leaving it a direct
personal matter between publisher and pur-
chaser.
Mr. BID WELL. Will it be in order to move
to postpone this bill until the chairman of the
Committee on Printing shall be able to make
a thorough investigation into this subject?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion would not
be in order.
Mr. STEVENS. All I have to say in regard
to this matter is, that there is nothing new or
strange in this. It is in precisely the language
which we have used for twenty years past. It
may be for the convenience of some members
to break up the Globe and destroy it, I shall
not object to that more than many others will.
We have already made the appropriation for
the expenses to be incurred this session. But
if gentlemen find they can dispense with the
Globe and break it up, I shall not complain
more than some others will.-
Mr. MAYNARD. We are now fixing itfor
the next Congress; fastening it upon us for
two years longer.
Mr. STEVENS. Unless we can proceed
faster than we have been doing, 1 must move
that the committee rise, to enable me to sub-
mit a motion to limit the debate upon this bill
in Committee of the Whole by the five-minute
rule.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 turns
we can do that by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. If that can be done, I will
not submit the motion.
No objection was made.
Mr. COOK. At the last session of Congress
the Committee on the Judiciary were instructed
by the House to inquire whether any contract,
andif so what, existed between the Government
and the publishers of the Daily Globe. That
committee have had the matter before them,
and have made some examination of it. It
appears from that examination that on the 1st
of March. 1847, the House of Representatives
passed a resolution authorizing each member
to subscribe for twelve copies of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix. On the 4th of
February, I80O, the House passed a resolution
authorizing eaehmemberto subscribe for twelve
additional copies of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix. Under these two resolutions,
which were without limit as to time, each mem-
ber of the House has continued to be supplied
with twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix. The resolution of Feb-
ruary 4, 1850, also provided that the publishers
of the Globe should continue the daily publica-
tion of the proceedings of the House.
The appropriations for the Congressional
Globe and Appendix have been made at each
Congress since the passage of the foregoing
resolutions. At the last session of the Tliirty-
