1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1617
The seventy-sixth amendment was to make
the duty on horseshoe nails of all kinds " six"
instead of " five" cents per pound, as pro-
posed by the Senate.
Mr. LE BLOND. Tn looking over the rates
of duty upon iron of all descriptions I find
that the Committee of Ways and Means rec-
ommend in all cases an increased rate over
the Senate bill. In regard to this article of
"horseshoe nails, of all kinds," the Senate
proposed a duty of five cents per pound; the
Committee of Ways and Means recommend
a duty of six cents per pound, or an increase i
of twenty per cent. Now, I would like to have !
some member of that committee give us some j
reason why they recommend an increased rate
of duty upon all these articles made of iron,
and especially upon this article of horseshoe
nails.
Mr. GARFIELD. If thQ gentleman will
permit me 
Mr. LB BLOND. Let me add a few more
words. As my colleague [Mr. Garfield] pro-
poses to answer my inquiry, I would inquire of j
him what amount of these articles have been im- J
ported into this country under the present rate
of duty, and if it is so great as to call upon us
to make this increase of duty. Let us know
what the amount of competition is, and if it is
enough to affect this interest in our country.
And I would like my colleague to tell us if he
can what increased amount of revenue is ex-
pected to be derived from this increase of duty ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I am unable at present
to state to my colleague [Mr. Le Blond] what
amount of revenue haa been received from this
specific source.
Mr. ALLISON. I have the amount stated
here.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] shows me an official statement
that we received during the last fiscal year from
that specific source the sum of $23,889.
Mr. LE BLOND. From what specific source?
Mr. GARFIELD. Horseshoe nails.
Mr. LE BLOND. That does not include
horseshoe nail iron.
Mr. GARFIELD. I supposed the gentleman
was inquiring about horseshoe nails.
Mr. LE BLOND. Very well.
Mr. GARFIELD. These nails are made
from the very best iron, which pays a duty of
five cents per pound. Last year the House
proposed to lay the duty on horseshoe nails
at seven cents per pound. This year the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means propose to decrease
that rate one cent, and make it six cents per
pound. For more than twenty years past horse-
shoe nails have been subject to a duty of from
four to five cents per pound. The increased
duty proposed on the iron of which these arti-
cles are manufactured makes it necessary to
make a corresponding increase of duty on the
articles themselves. These nails sell in the
market at about thirty cents per pound; so
that a duty of six cents per pound is by no
means exorbitant.
Now, I desire to make one or two general
remarks on this bill. And first the present
condition of the country. The vast volume
of currency, which I am sorry to see this
House is unwilling to reduce, and which main-
tains prices at their present exorbitant rates,
make it absolutely imperative upon us to im-
pose a higher tariff upon imported products
than would be needed in a normal state of
business and trade. It is a necessity which I
very much regret is laid upon us. If gentle-
men would consent to the necessary reduction
of the currency, which would bring prices
down nearer to their proper level there would
be no call for so formidable a tariff. But what
I am compelled to call the strange and mis-
taken policy of this House on the question of
the currency has compelled us to ask for an
increase of the tariff.
Mr. KELLEY. I would ask the gentleman
whether the excessive rates of internal taxa-
tion have not rather more to do with excessive
prices than the condition of the currency?
Mr. GARFIELD. Not in view of the fact
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 102;
that for two successive sessions of Congress
this House has very considerably reduced the
internal tax upon manufactures, and has to
that extent avoided the necessity of increasing
tariff duties. But I am sorry to say that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Keli.ey]
and my associates from the West in an almost
solid phalanx have voted against a further
reduction of the currency, and by their last
vote have actually ordered a considerable in-
crease in the present enormous volume of
paper money.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. I
make this motion for the purpose simply of
saying to gentlemen who are in favor of a tariff
that if they will hold their tongues and vote,
letting the other side do the talking, they may
get a tariff; but they never will if they keep
up this debate. [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. That is the best speech that
has been made to-night. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventy-seventh amendment:
Insert after the word " pound," in line one hun-
dred and seventy-six, tho words " and on screw-bolts
less than four inches in length, nine cents per
potmd;"so as to make the paragraph read:
On screws, commonly called wood-screws, two
inches or over in length, nine cents per pound; less
than two inches in length, twelve cents per pound;
and on screw-bolts less than four inches in length,
nine cents per pound.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word " length" the
words " wholly or partially finished."
The duty on screw-bolts less than four inches
in length, as proposed to be fixed by the com-
mittee, is nine cents per pound. Now, sir,
many of these screw-bolts shorter than four
inches come into the country in an unfinished
state, and escape all duty, except that which
bars pay, being one and a fourth and one
and a half cents per pound; in no instance
over two cents per pound.
In the district in which I reside and in the
country surrounding Philadelphia there are
establishments which make these screw-bolts ;
and, sir, they have been almost driven to close
their doors because, by a trick, bolts half fin-
ished are sent to this country, coming in at a
duty of only one and a half cents per pound,
and. are then finished here. I would like to
ask the Committee of Ways and Means why
they have not inserted in this amendment the
words "wholly or partially finished," for I
see that in a preceding part of the bill those
words are inserted in reference to wrought-iron
nuts, bolts, or rivets.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will state the reason
why the words " partially finished" have not
been inserted in the pending amendment. If
those words were inserted, tho effect would
be 
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that after the leader of the other side
of the House, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] has decreed that gentle-
men on that side must "hold their tongues,"
it is not in order for gentlemen to infringe the
rule thus authoritatively laid down. [Laugh-
ter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot sus-
tain that as a point of order.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I was about to say that
nine cents per pound on these screw-bolts is a
high rate of duty; and it has been made high
because of the large amount of labor put upon
them. It would hardly be proper to impose
an equally high rate upon these articles when
only partially finished.
Mr. O'NEILL. Well, sir, it has been stated
to me that many of these bolts, after being
partially finished abroad where labor is cheap,
are imported at a trifling duty, the same rate
as that imposed upon bars; and thus injustice
is done to American workmen. I do not see
why the committee should not assent to this
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
Seventy-eighth amendment:
Insert after the word " three," in linetwo hundred,
the words" and a half; " so as to make the paragraph
read:
On all puddled and blistered steel, and on all steel
other than cast or shear steel, in bars, sheets, slabs,
plates, coils composed of roils or bars above three
eighths of an inch in diameter, axles, tire, and parts
of machinery forgings, a duty of three and a half
cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventy-ninth amendment:
j Strike out in line two hundred and eleven the
I words " four and a half" and insert in lieu thereof
the word " five;" so as to make the paragraph read:
On all cast and shear steel, in bars, ingots, sheets,
slabs, plates, coils composed of rods or bars above
three eighths of an inch in diameter, axles, tire, and
part of machin ery forgings, and steel wire rods exceed-
, ing three eighths of an inch in diameter, valued at
i above seven cents per pound, a duty of five cents per
■ pound, and, in addition thereto, ten per cent, ad va-
l lorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
I Eightieth and eighty-first amendments:
, | Strike out in line two hundred and fifteen the
words " three and a half" and insert in lieu thereof
the word " four;" and to insert after the word " four,"
in line two hundred and eighteen, the words " and a
half;" so as to make tho paragraph read:
On steel rods and steel-wire rods not exceeding
three eighths of an inch in diameter, and not les3
than one eighth of on inch in diameter, a duty of
four cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, ten
per cent, acl valorem; less than one eighth of an inch
in diameter, four and a half cents per pound, and, in
addition thereto, ten per cent, ad valorem.
The amendments were agreed to.
Eighty-second amendment:
Insert "and a half;" so it will read as follows:
On steel wire not less than No. 16 wire gauge, a
duty of five and a half cents per pound, and, in addi-
tion thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 45, noes 30 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Broomall and Mr. Hunter.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 62, noes 33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FINCK moved that the committee rise.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 49, noes 52.
Mr. FINCK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Finck and
Mr. Morrill were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 52, noes 45.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the Chair, Mr. Pom-
eroy reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly the Senate amendment
to House bill No. 718, with the amendments
of the Committee of Ways and Means thereto,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to give notice
to the House that to-morrow morning I shall
make an effort to bring the tariff bill to a de-
cisive vote.
dominion of canada.
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Whereas the establishment in immediate proximity
to the Territory of tho United States of a powerful
monarchy, under the protection and with the sup-
port of a foreign nation, cannot be regarded as oth-
erwise than hostile to the peace and menacing to the
safety of this Republic: Therefore,
Resolved, That tho President of the United States
be respectfully requested to inform this House
whether any remonstrance has been made by this
Government asrainst the proposed consolidation of
all the British North American Provinces into ft single
confederation under tho imperial rule of an English
prince, or whether the consent of the Government
has been given in any way, directly or indirectly, to
the consummation of this project.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to hear
that resolution debated.
Mr. RAYMOND moved to suspend the rules.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
31, noes 48; no quorum voting.
And then, on motion of Mr. BIDWELL, (at
ten o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
