1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that result then the executive department will
be domineered over and controlled in regard
to appointments by the Senate, and the Senate
will become the dispenser of all the Govern-
ment patronage pertaining to the executive
branch of the Government and which does and
of right ought to bo within tl|g power and con-
trol of the executive head. I would not wrest
this power from the President and place it in
the Senate, because it would tend to destroy
all subordination and unity of design and ac-
tion so nccessary to the independence and effi-
ciency of the executive branch of the Govern-
ment, and tend to the absorption and consoli-
dation of all the powers of Government by
Congress, and thus diminish, if not destroy, the
conservative elements in our political system,
intended to protect from encroachment the
right of the States and the liberty of the citizen.
Under this bill the President will only have
the right of suspension. He can suspend the
officer for a short time—while his case is to
be presented to the Senate for trial; and as
there are many thousands of officers employed
in all the various branches of the civil service
of the Government, and consequently cases
of corruption and incompetency constantly be-
ing- exhibited requiring removals and reap-
pointments, then without the power of removal
in the hands of the President, the public inter-
est would be continually jeopardized ; or other-
wise, if the President's authority be limited to
temporary suspension, until the Senate should
try each case upon its own merits upon charges
and proof of incompetency or official corrup-
tion. in such case that august body, the Sen-
ate of the United States, would resolve itself
into a petty partisan court, and all its time be
taken up in trying hundreds, perhaps thou-
sands, of petty cases of imputed delinquency
of executive officers, and the President of the
United States, the chief executive head of a
great Government, would degenerate into a pub-
lic prosecutor of thousands of petty officers
for petty offenses. Results such as these and
others still more 
[Here the hammer fell.)
Mr. STEVENS. X ask leave to move the
following amendment:
Anrt in no case shall any person who has been nom-
inated by tlio President for any offico below that of
embassador and rejected by the Senate, or on whose
nomination that body has failed or declined to act
in tho way of consent or refund, bo appointed for
any office of tho United States tor the space of one
year after such rejection. When nominations have
been made andwhieh have been or shall bo rejected,
all acts done in making Mich nominations, or which
may bo done by the nominee, so far as the removal
and appointment of subordinates is concerned, shall
be considered null and void.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I give notice, then, I shall
offer the amendment when it is in order, and
I hope the previous question will not be sec-
onded until 1 have that opportunity.
Mr. IIALE. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. The amendment then
will be regarded as ponding.
Mr. S TEVENS. Mr. Speaker, the bill now
under consideration is either useful and ought
to be passed for the benefit of those who have
been persecuted for tho past year, or it is per-
nicious. If it cannot be made a useful bill by
way of punishment and reproof and by way of
reparation to those who for their loyalty have
been persecuted, then perhaps the bill bad
better stand as it is.
There is no probability now that the same oc-
currences will be repeated. If we had passed
this law two years ago, so as to have prevented
what has already taken place, there would have
been some sense in it in a party as well as in a
political point of view. We did not do it; we
suffered the President to go on against the ordi-
nary custom of the country and make removals
for the purpose of creating a party; I say against
the custom of the country, for although 1 rec-
ognize the right and the propriety of an incom-
ing Executive to change his agents so as to
make all of them conform to his views in
carrying out the principles upon which he was
elected, yet I do not recognize the right, after
having been eleeted upon certain issues or
principles, to take these offices and pervert
them. I do not recognize his right to build
up a party by corrupting those who are now in
power for tho purpose of destroying the very
party and the very principlesthatelected him.
1 say it is dishonest and corrupt, and in my
judgment quite sufficient cause for impeach-
ment.
Now, sir, this bill as it stands at present
only prevents the future repetition of things
of this kind; it does not restore matters to
what they were, nor punish his coconspirators
in this work. If you do not do this, what do
you do? You confirm these very men in the
office in which he has placed them. You
make them profit—them or some others—by his
acts. You punish those who were loyal to the
country, and you prevent any man from ever
again hoping that he will be protected by the
party in power from tins kind of usurpation.
Now, my amendment provides that whenever
the Senate shall fail to confirm the nomination,
the person nominated shall hold no office under
the President for the space of one year. It is
so guarded that it can affect nobody except
those who have been appointed since we were
here before, is not that right in two points
of view? Is it not right as a punishment for
those who have deserted their principles, their
friends, and their party; and is it not right
because it presumes that the Senate had exam-
ined them and found them unlit for officeV I
submit that it takes at least a year to wash
clean a polluted politician, and hence that limit
is small enough.
Now, what objection is there to it? Some
gentlemen say, "Why, can you appoint to
office?" No; I am not saying we do appoint
to office ; but I claim that we may declare that
these men have never been out of office. If
you cannot declare that, your whole bill is a
shameful violation of the Constitution. This
bill is founded only upon the ground that the
true meaning of the Constitution from the out-
set was that the President, of himself, had no
power to create a vacancy such as the pres-
ent incumbent has been doing. If he hasdone
it, ho has done it in violation of the Constitu-
tion. If the Constitution allowed him to do it,
I ask the learned gentleman from Now York
upon what authority he is acting here? lie is
not, I hope, changing the Constitution by this
simple act of his.
Mr. HALE. I will endeavor to answer the
question very fully, and I trust to the satis-
faction of the gentleman, when I take the floor.
I will then show upon what ground I put it.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have no doubt tho gen-
tleman will put it on tho most plausible ground,
as he always does, and with eminent ability.
I cannot see how this act is possibly constitu-
tional unless we have, a right to declare that
the President in making I hose appointments
was acting outside of the Constitution. If we
say to the President, "You have no right to
make these removals without the consent of
the Senate,'' why do we say it? Because the
Constitution says it. So wo construe it. Sup-
pose the construction has been erroneous for
the last seventy years, that does not change
the Constitution. There has been no legisla-
tive construction of it in this respect. ^ We are
now for the first time putting a legislative con-
struction upon it. W e therefore have a clcar
right to say that everything done between the
time of the removal of tiiese men and the
present, or tho time of their reinstatement, was
void, being done in violation of the Constitu-
tion, and that these men shall be considered
as still in office precisely as they were before,
instead of being sacrificed for their fidelity and
their places being filled by the most filthy rep-
tiles that ever crawled into office.
I trust that the amendment will prevail. I
shall also vote for the amendment of my col-
league, [Mr. Williams.] If they prevail then
I can vote for the bill on constitutional grounds;
if they fail I should deem myself violating my
oath to support the Constitution if I voted for
the bill, and shall therefore certainly vote
against it.
iBut I have not risen to occupy much time,
only to state as distinctly as I could ray views
of the question, and I now yield tho remainder
of my time to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Baker. J
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to sub-
mit a very few remarks in support of the amend-
ment proposed by the gentlemau from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Williams,] which consists in
striking out of the text of the bill these •
words : '' excepting the Secretaries of State,
of the Treasury, of War, of the Navy, and of
the interior, the Postmaster General, and the
Attorney General," the effect of which will be
that the Senate must concur in the removal, as
in the appointment of these Cabinet officers.
I favor this proposition for the following rea-
sons :
1. Now is the only opportunity likely ever
to arise when it will bo practicable to make
this reformation. If there be a good in it,
now is probably the solitary occasion on which
we shall ever be able to attain that good. On
the contrary, if the reform in this particular
does not work well it will obviously be aa
easy matter to go back to the old method.
From this state of the case I derive a strong
argument in favor of the proposed amendment.
12. This amendment simply proposes to apply
to heads of Departments tlie general principle
that both branches of the appointing power
shall concur in the removal of an officer—a
sound principle to the whole extent, if sound
at all.
ft. I should rather expect much good from
this change. Tho relation of the Cabinet to
the President, as the matter now stands, is
substantially the same as the relation subsisting
between the British sovereign and her council.
Both are officers holding by tenures at the will
of their superior. It is very plain, on general
principles of human nature, that such a rela-
tion is inimical to the giving of that perfectly
free and independent advice which looks only
to the public good, and is calculated on the
other hand to promote a facile compliance with
the will of the superior. Thus the very end of
advisory counsel—truth elicited by truth as-
serted without fear or favor—is continually in
danger of being defeated. This I do not say
is the necessary result but it is tho permanent
tendency of the system. English history in
too many instances shows that the counselors
of the Crown, especially when worn by a strong
willed and perverse monarch, have only con-
firmed the sovereign in his evil courses, and
sought to buttress up his abuses of power by
gross perversions of constitution and law.
The like, or something similar, I apprehend,
may occur, if indeed it has not in some meas-
ure already occurred, in the administration of
our own Government, if we continue to copy in
this important respect the example of Great
Britain. The President should be surrounded
by a body of measurably independent counsel-
ors in order that we may have the best guaran-
tee that their counsel may be upright, disinter-
ested, and valuable to the highest attainable
degree. In my opinion the reform will work
admirably. I think it is one of the most needed
and most important changes this Congress can
make; and 1 do earnestly hope the amendment
may be adopted.
The suggestion that if deprived of absolute
control over the removal ot his Cabinet, the
President will call to bis aid what has been
termed an irresponsible " Kitchen Cabinet, "
Strikes me with little force. Under the pro-
posed change the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, as now, would
call around him his most able personal and po-
litical friends. Surely, just, manly, and proper
fidelity to him would not be impaired but
rather fortified by the circumstance that they
did not hold their places subject to his abso-
lute power to dismiss them at any moment
The best and highest forms of friendship ana
fidelity are not the results of absolute authority
in the one party and absolute dependence in
the other.
It is not fit, in my judgment, that  n Amur-
