1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
943
to be attached to a political party to which I
certainly do not belong. I always have repu-
diated, and always will repudiate, the idea of
changing the permanent legislation of the coun-
try for the purpose of remedying a purely tem-
porary evil. I believe that by pursuing that
practice, toward which the arguments of many
gentlemen on this side of the House seem to
point so often, I may say so constantly, we
shall be led into fatal mistakes. The bill which
is before us to-day proposes what I believe to
be a proper, just, reasonable course of action,
applicable as well to the hereafter as to to-day.
And the present relation of parties—the fact
that a President elected by one party finds
himself abandoning that party and acting in
opposition to his former political friends—may
perhaps furnish an illustration of the propriety
of such legislation, although it would not of
itself be for me a conclusive argument in its
favor. I refer, therefore, to the circumstances
of to-day only by way of illustration ; and I
submit that, taking these circumstances in view,
and conceding if gentlemen wish the entire
good faith of everybody, the provisions of this
bill are such only as are desirable and appro-
priate, and cannot be considered as derogating
from the proper degree of executive power.
This bill does not, as gentlemen on the other
side would seem to argue, prevent the displace-
ment of an incompetent and dishonest officer.
Whenever an officer is found in default, incom-
petent, unworthy, ample provision is made for
his suspension until the question of his re-
moval may be submitted to the Senate, and
for his removal, after proper examination, by
the same power which concurred in his ap-
pointment. There is no difficulty in this case.
All the power of suspension, all the power of
getting rid of unworthy officers which exists
to-day in the Government, either in the Presi-
dent alone or in the President and in the Sen-
ate, is preserved by this bill. The only change
in that respect is this : instead of the removal
being positive by the President, the officer is
debarred from the exercise of his duties and
the receipt of his pay until the two constitu-
tional bodies agree whether he ought to be
removed or not.
Nor does it interfere with the tenure of of-
fice ; in other words, it does not extend the
constitutional term of any office. It contains
a provision expressly on that point.
Mr. IIISE rose.
Mr. HALE. I must be excused, aa my time
is so short, from yielding any further.
Mr. Speaker, I was remarking this bill does
not extend the tenure of office. It leaves the
law as it is now as to the expiration by legal
limitation. Most of these officers are appointed
for a definite term of years and their office
will expire as before.
Now, a single word as to the different amend-
ments which have been proposed to this bill.
An amendment has been moved by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams] in
regard to the exception of its application to
Cabinet officers. Another amendment has
been moved to the third section, the nature of
which I will not now stop to specify. Another
amendment is proposed by the gentleman
from Minnesota, [Mr. Donnelly;] and the
fourth by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations. As to all these amend-
ments I wish to say preliminarily one thing:
at least"two, and I think three, have been sub-
mitted to the House in another form and
^passed upon. By decided and emphatic votes
the House lias rejected the amendments now
proposed. One of them has been submitted
m the Senate. I do not know whether the
others have arrived at that importance. One
was moved in the Senate and discussed at
length, and rejected by a vote of two to one.
I ask gentlemen in the House who are anx-
ious to make this bill as they term it more
stringent, more sweeping, to consider on thing.
We have arrived at the last month of the ses-
sion, and little time remains for us to act.
Just as certain as we adopt the amendments
proposed the result will be we will fail to enact
this into a law. We have to anticipate, if this
is adopted, a veto. If the amendments are
adopted the bill will go back to the Senate,
where debate isninlimited, to compel it to pass
upon questions it has already decided. It has
passed at least upon one of them by a decided
vote. Will gentlemen then tell me what prob-
ability there is time will remain for action
after theveto ? What reason have they to sup-
pose there will be time enough to pass it over
the veto in that body?
I know geutlemen here act on the principle
that if they cannot have all they ask they will
take nothing. I submit that is not wise or
prudent action. The true doctrine should bo
if they cannot got all they want to tako the
best they can get. I am willing to act on that
principle; and to-day I am not so strenuous
for this bill. If in the judgment of the Senate
and the House it should include the Cabinet
I will vote for it in that form. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams] has made
a plausible argument for putting them upon
the same footing as all other officers, if
bis constitutional construction is correct the
House is inconsistent in excepting them. If
he is right the Constitution gives the power of
removal to the President and Senate. 1 believe
the better opinion, the larger share of senti-
ment among intelligent and patriotic states-
men, is that it is wiser to leave the Cabinet in
that position where they have been placed by
constitutional power, not by constitutional en-
actment, but by Congress ; the legal construc-
tion beginning with the Pirst-Congress in 1789,
and continuing to this day, that those officers
were the confidential advisers of the President.
That being so, I think it is wise for us to leave
them as tliey are. So far as argument in this
House is concerned, it is res adjudicata.
So far as tho Senate is concerned it has
spoken most emphatically upon it, and there
is no possible hope of passing such a bill
through that hody over an executive veto.
As to the amendment proposed by tho dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] 1 will not go over the ground again.
The same provision was offered by mini to
a former bill, and was condemned by this
House by a vote of more than six to one; and
I have failed to hear any argument from him
to day which in my judgment will satisfy the
House that it committed a great error ill that
decision.
One word as to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Donnelly.] I
have no time to examine or consider that
point perhaps with the care it deserves, but it
seems to me that his amendment is wholly
unnecessary, for the reason that it must, after
all, turn upon a pure question of constitutional
construction, namely, When does the appoint-
ment of an officer take effect? 1 think it will
not be found under theother provisions of this
bill to be a necessary provision. If it is neces-
sary, and if it means to change the rule as to
when an appointee's term begins or his ap-
pointment takes effect, then it is not a subject
of legislation, but of constitutional provision,
and was directly adjudged in the case of Mar-
bury vs. Madison, that the appointment took
effect on the final passage of all the papers
and the signing of the commission. That being
so, I do not see how the gentleman's proposi-
tion, to make the question whether a vacancy
exists determinable upon the question whether
the incumbent is actually in possession of the
office or not, can be admissible.
Mr. DONNELLY. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a single question : whether it will not
be well for Congress by such a declaration as
this to prevent the practice which has grown up
from being continued? I have been informed
by one of the members from Kentucky, that in
his district he knows a case where the party
was confirmed on thelGth of the present month,
on a commission dated back to tho middle .of
November.
Mr. HALE. Let me say to the gentleman
that in my judgment if such a case exists it is
a gross and papable infraction of the Constitu-
tion, and I do not see that this bill can remedy
it in the least. The thing itself is utterly voia,
for no power certainly exists in the President
to make an appointment to office merely by
dating back the time of the appointment. It
is simply an attempted fraud on the Constitu-
tion, and one which certainly cannot exist when .
the fact is brought to light.
A Member. Is it not ground for impeach-
ment?
Mr. HALE. Yes, possible ground for im-
peachment. I am very happy if any of my
friends have found a tangible ground which
may seem to justify such a measure.
Mr. Speaker, I appeal to the House once
more: if we desire in good faith to pass a bill
which shall stand the test of the courts, which
shall be within the limits of the Constitution,
and do it during this session, I am persuaded
that our only way is to pass this bill as it comes
from the Senate. Just as surely as it is sent
back there for the discussion of amendments,
especially those which that body has already
rejected 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I rise to a question of
order: whether it is in order for the gentleman
to refer to the probable action of the Senate
and say this should bo passed, and we should
defer to their will.
The SPEAKER. He could not refer specific-
ally to the past action of tho Senate; that
would not be within the rule. Each House
must act independently.
Mr. IIA1 jK. I understand the rule, and I am
very confident 1 have not transgressed it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware
that the gentleman has transgressed it; he was
in conversation at the time, and did not quite
hear what the gentleman said.
Mr. HALE. I was stating the probable
result of a difference of opinion between the
two Houses and the executive branch.
The SPEAKER. That is within the legit-
imate province of debate.
Mr. HALE. 1 have no words of menace or
anything that any fair construction can pos-
sibly determine in that direction. I have ap-
pealed to the House to take a practical course,
one that will probably tend toward attaining
the end which we all on this side of the House
claim and seem to desire. I trust this bill may
be passed and without amendment. .
1 will only add that this is precisely the bill
reported by the joint Committee on Recon-
struction, with the addition of certain penal
sections made in the Senate, to which no ob-
jection has been made there or here, which
were suggested in this House on the pendency
of the bill introduced by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and finally withdrawn or passed
over with the idea that they might perhaps be
made the subject of an independent bill. They
are now attached to this bill, and I hope the
whole will be adopted.
The SPEAKER. Debate upon this bill and
the pending amendments is exhausted, and the
House will proceed to act upon them under the
operation of the previous question.
The question being upon Mr. Williams' first
amendment, it was read a3 follows:
On lines three, four, and five, of section one.striko
out tho following: .
Excepting tho Secretaries of Stato, of the Treas-
ury, of War, of the Navy, and of tho Interior, and
tho Postmaster General, and Attorney General.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Upon that amendment
I demand the yeas and nays; and I call for
tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Williams
and Hale were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
twenty-six in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 76, nays 78, not voting
30 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Jamas
M. Ashley, Baker, Baxter, Beaman. Bidwell, Bing-
ham, Blaino. Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomal , Buck-
land, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Ularke, Oobb, Conk-
ling, Cook, Oullom, Delano, Doming, Donnelly,
Dumont, Eckley. Eliot, Garfield, Grrnnell, Abner C.
