1866.
mm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
Court, gives the party a claim upon the Treas-
ury. Now, I do not believe that we have any
right to confer upon the Court of Claims such
jurisdiction without reserving to Congress, as
the representative*of the people and the guard-
ian of the Treasury, the power to'disaffirm the
judgments of the court if we see fit.
Mr. M^-YNARD. Will my friend from Illi-
nois allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. Of what possible use is
the Court of Claims if its judgments are to be
referred to us that we may reconsider the cases
and pass upon them?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman from Tennessee know that this giving
the Court of Claims complete and final jurisdic-
tion in all these matters is an entirely new system;
that until a very recent period we required that
court to send all these cases here for us to act
upon them ? But by a law of very late date
we have provided that this court may make up
its judgments, and that the parties may obtain
payment of their claims without ever coming
to Congress at all.
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly, I know that;
and if the gentleman will allow me, I will ask
him whether he does not know that for the
very reason that the judgments of the court
were required to be submitted to us for our
action, Congress became satisfied that the court
under such a system was absolutely useless ;
that either it ought to be abolished altogether
or its decisions should be made final, unless
taken on appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States. Was it not because of that
very feature which the gentleman advocates
and seeks to revive, that a change was made
and the present system established?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I do not know what reasons controlled
the action of other members; but the consid-
eration referred to did not influence me. I
always protested against abdicating to any infe-
rior court the proper jurisdiction of Congress,
the highest court in the nation. I have always
contended that we should retain the control
of all these matters; that we should not put
the whole Treasury of this nation into the hands
of five men sitting as judges of the Court of
Claims.
Mr. STEVENS. Members of the House
cannot have forgotten that for a number of
years we tried the experiment of the system
which the gentleman from Illinois now proposes
to revive. Under that system the Court of Claims
was really reduced to a committee of investiga-
tion, reporting to Congress their judgments,
which had no force until confirmed by us. The
result was that claimants were embarrassed.
It was difficult to obtain action here upon claims
however meritorious; and generally those
claimants who had the most money succeeded
best. We became satisfied that one of two
things must be done: either the court must be
abolished or we must, provide that its judgments,
after having gone through all the forms (an
appeal to the Supreme Court being allowed)
should, like the judgments of all courts of com-
petent jurisdiction, have the force of law and
entitle the successful claimant to the amount
awarded to him. We therefore repealed the
provision which required the judgments of that
court to be submitted to Congress, and declared
that those judgments, unless reversed on appeal
to the Supreme Court, should be final, and
should be paid without any reexamination and
confirmation by Congress. I think it would be
extremely unwise for us now ,to restore the old
system and require the judgments of this court
to be submitted to Congress.
I did not understand clearly the decision
of the Chair upon the point of order which
I submitted. I made the point of order that,
inasmuch as this amendment proposes to re-
peal a provision of existing law, it is not in
order on an appropriation bill. I suppose the
Chair is aware that there is a law, providingthat
the awards of this court shall be paid upon the
certificate being presented to the proper officer.
If there is any question as to the existence of
such a law, I will ask the Clerk to turn to it.
I make the point of order that you cannot in
an appropriation bill repeal an existing law for
the organization of that court.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is too
late; the point of order has been once over-
ruled.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
decided that it is competent for the House to
direct the manner in which the money shall be
expended.
Mr. STEVENS. Am I at liberty to appeal
from that decision?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 52, noes 35.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SLOAN. I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois will prevail. In my
judgment the change which has been made in
tHe law, so that instead of the judgments of
the Court of Claims being returned to us for
final action they are allowed on appeal to be
taken to the Supreme Court of the United
States, is not a judicious one. It is well known
the business before the Supreme Court is
already very large, and that the number of
claims presented to the Court of Claims has
increased enormously, so that it will be almost
impossible to any extent under that law for the
Supreme Court of the United States to investi-
gate and determine these causes.
Now, the Court of Claims, although their
judgments were referred to this House for
final action, was by no means a useless in-
stitution. We had the advantage of a judicial
investigation. We had the advantage of the
testimony being taken before that court*and
carefully analyzed and examined into. I trust
the system in operation until the last Congress,
of having the judgments of the Court of Claims
referred to this House, will be continued.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I believe my friend from
Illinois is wrong for the first time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I am obliged
to the gentleman for his good opinion.
Mr. SCOPIELD. He is a great economist
and saves the Government a large amount of
money, but I believe he is on the wrong track
this time. I believe a bad claim stands a better
chance of success in any other department of
the Government than in the Court of Claims.
It is hard to kill a bad claim anywhere, and it is
easy to defeat a good one, and they are almost
always defeated while bad ones almost always
get through. But this Court of Claims is an
open court like all others. Counsel are em-
ployed to examine evidence and witnesses and
to argue the case adversely. Every one who
chooses can come in and hear the discussion
of the case. It is all open. It is no room in
one of the Departments where you slip into a
clerk and tell him " these are clever fellows
and the claim ought to go through." It is
no committee-room in this House where you
hear them alone, not improperly, but still alone,
because the opponents of the measure are not
there. It is an open thing, and if there is any
one department of the Government which can
be trusted with claims it is that court. There-
fore I shall vote against my friend's motion
with some reluctance because he makes it-
Mr. BINGIiAM. Will my friend allow me
a portion of his time to make a statement ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say, with all
respect to my friend from Wisconsin, that he
labors under a very great and total misappre-
hension about the condition of the legislation
of the country in regard to this tribunal for the
last three years. Now, what I undertake to
say is, that the change in the legislation touch-
ing this court made in the last Congress had
no relation whatever to the question raised by
the gentleman from Wisconsin, the power of
Congress to review the decisions of that court.
It was a change in the existing legislation of
Congress to remove the objection raised by the
Supreme Court of the United States, to their
obligation to review upon an appeal as hitherto
provided by law, the decisions of the Court of
Claims. _ The Congress of the' United States
did not intend the Supreme Court should by
any objection of thatsort, taken on a mere verbal
expression of an existing statute, evade the ob-
ligations which properly belong to their office;
and therefore, what is known as the fourteenth
section of the statute in reference to the Court
of Claims, upon which they predicated their
denial to Teview the decisions of the Court of
Claims, was repealed and-rightfully repealed.
But, sir, with the indulgence of my friend
from Pennsylvania, I beg leave to repeat what
I said before, that during the last three years
of the existence of this court of exchequer, as
it may be rightfully called, there have been
millions—I do not stop with thousands, but I
say millions—saved to the Treasury of the
United States directly by its judgments, as
compared with the action of any preceding
Congress in the last ten years. And I chal-
lenge an investigation of the fact.
Therefore it is I object to the proposition of
my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Washbuene,]
and I beg leave to reiterate that I am surprised
thathe did not fully comprehend, that the effect
of this proposition is simply to make this
House again . a log-rolling machine in the
interest of these men who come to claim, not
simply a few hundred thousand dollars, but a
few million under some treaty stipulation, and
who button-hole every member of the House,
to the utter disgust of the country and the dis-
grace of this body. It makes it altogether
nugatory. As my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevexs] says, it converts the tribunal
into a mere set of arbitrators or commissioners
in chancery to make a report to the House.
My friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Sloax]
thinks that of course the House would under-
stand the testimony and arguments of counsel
and conflicts arising in the law. My experience
is this: more than ten years since when I first
came into this House, the very condition of
things which my friend proposes to reenact to-
day by this amendment did exist. You had
your Court of Claims, but they were simply
auditors to audit the accounts, take testimony
and report it to the House, and the result was
the Housedetermined finally whether the claim
ought to be paid out of the Treasury or whether
it should be rejected. And I think my vener-
able friend very well states what was the record
of Congress at the time, that the larger the
claim rejected by the Court of Claims as arbi-
trators the surer it was to pass Congress.
I repeat, then, if we want to restore the old
order of things and paralyze _this court we will
adopt the gentleman's amendment. If, on the
other hand, we intend that these claims shall
be established according to the rules of law
and equity in a court which has proved itself
above suspicion, subject to review or appeal in
all cases in the Supreme Court of the United
States, where the amount exceeds S3,000, we
will reject the gentleman's proposition. If we
cannot trust this tribunal of justice, whom can
we trust?
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Mr. Chair-
man, in view of the message received from the
Senate containing the announcement of the
death of a Senator, I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, take a vote on this.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes,, take a vote.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Washbuiine, of Illinois, no quorum
voted.
Tellers were ordered; andtheChairappointed
Messrs. Washbukxe, of Illinois, and Bingham.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 18, noes 80.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the commit-
tee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the eqjnmittee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Lawrexck. of
Pennsylvania, reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, having
