1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
162T
granted and issued to Marcus P. Norton, of the city
of Troy, New York, and by him assigned to Jacob
Shavor and Albert C. Corse, on the20th day of April,
1^63, and duly recorded ashy law provided, and after-
ward a reissue granted to said Shavor and Corse, on
the 23d day of August, 1864, as by law provided, whieh
said invention, so patented, assigned, and reissued,
was for and upon improvements in "post-marking
and postage canceling device," and which invention
has been in practical and continuously exclusive
use, by and under the order and direction of the
Postmaster General, since the 1st day of April, 1863,
the said invention having previously been tested in
the most thorough manner in the New York city post
office for more than one year, and approved and
recommended to the Postmaster General by that
office, without any compensation whatever to the said
inventor or said assignees, nor upon any other stip-
ulation than his and their consent that the same
might thus be used until its utility and advantages
to the Government should becffectually tested, when
a fair and equitable compensation for either its use
or the patent should be made to them by the Govern-
ment.
This invention having been sufficiently proven as
a labor-saving instrument, and its utility in every
re-pect satisfactorily tested by uninterrupted use in
various post offices m the United States, application
was made tothe Thirty-Eighth Congress for compen-
sation therefor, in accordance with the informal stip-
ulation already Referred to. Another claimant to
said invention appearing, the House committee of
that Congress who were then considering the subject
of compensation decided that since the validity of the
title to the same as well as that of prior invention
was called in question, that should first be deter-
mined by the courts, and the case was accordingly
thereupon remanded.
By a transcript of the proceedings and judgment,
now submitted as rendered in the United States cir-
cuit court for the northern district of New York, it
appears that the questions of invention and of the
validity of title were tried and decided in f^ivorof the
patent and the assignees, Shavor & Corse. Again,
therefore, the assignees appear before the present
Congress, claiming a suitable remuneration for said
invention and patent on condition of an assignment ,
of all their right and titie to the same to the United
States.
The value end importance of this invention to the
Government is verified in the nature and manner
following, to wit:
Having used the said invention, the postmasters
at Washington, District of Columbia; Baltimore,
Maryland; New Y'ork city, Brooklyn, Albany, Troy,
Syracuse, Rochester, and Buffalo, State ofNew York;
Hartford, Connecticut; Boston, Springfield, and W or-
cester, Massachusetts; Cincinnati, Ohio; Detroit,
Michigan; and Chicagb, Illinois, formally certify
that in their several offices the Government is there-
by saved from one thirdto one halfthcstamping and
canceling clerk hire theretofore required and em-
ployed, and that " it greatly facilitates the dispatch
of letters for transportation in the mailsthat "it
greatly economizes in the time in the making up of
the mails for transportationthatit " cancels, in tho
most perfect and permanent manner, the postage
stamp on letters, packets, S~c., and, at the Bame time
gives on the envelope an intelligent post-mark;" and
that "it also contributes to prevent frauds on the
revenue by the chemical cleansing or washing of
postage stamps for reuse or reissue after once used."
Its utility, facility, and economy in labor are so
far established that the inYention is being put into
use in the larger post officcs of the United States as
rapidly as they can be supplied by the Government
manufacturers. The Government has contracted for
their manufacture with Messrs. Fairbank & Co., of
New York, at a price of six dollars each, whoso con-
tract bears date on or about the 1st day of April,
1863, and for a term of four years, and consequently
it will expire on the lstday of April, 1867. The Post
Office Department is now supplying post officesat the
rate of more than five hundred per annum.
The Government, in consulting its interest, has
fully committed itself, through the Post Office De-
partment to the adoption, general, and continuous
use of said invention; and over four years'use de-
termines it an indispensable requisite to the safe,
rapid, and economical operation of marking, stamp-
ing, and canceling in the postal department.
It is shown by a letter from Postmaster General
Dennison, under date of March 15,1866, addressed to
Senate Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
that at that time the Government was saving by the
use of said invention the compensation annually of
two hundred and fifty-four clerks of the various sal-
aried classes. At an average salary of $900 per an-
num, this saving for labor alone would amount to tne
sum of $228,600, and an aggregate at this rate for the
four years which the Governmenthas already enjoyed
the use of this invention, it will amount to the sum
of $914,400, to say nothing of the other benefits and
advantages derived from this invention during the
past four years. In view of this saving in labor,
directly traceable to the use of said invention, the
saving must be much larger annually, by its future
and increased use in many more and other large post
offices throughout tho United States, where tho or-
ton stamp is being rapidly substituted for the old,
unreliable, and discarded device used prior to the
making of tho Norton invention aforesaid.
The present Postmaster General, in his letter to
this committee, bearing date January 15, 1867, states
that the Post Office Department has already saved
several hundred thousand dollars bythe use of said
invention; that the questionof value to that Depart-
ment has longsince been settled; that the continued
use of the invention by that Department is a neces-
sity beyond question; that it is the best invention
there is for the post-marking of letters and pack-
et*, and for the cancellation of stamps thereon, and
that there is no doubt but that the Government Will
continue to save large sums by its future use. .
The committee, therefore, after a most thorough
examination and consideration of the whole subject,
have determined upon tho sum of $100,000 as a full
and just compensation to the assignees, Shavor &
Corse, for tho past and future use of said invention !
and patent, as in full compensation for the transfer
of the said patent to t he Post Office Department. To
carry out such determination, the committee recom-
mend the passage of the accompanying bill.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The letter of the
Postmaster General referred to in that report
I have before me, and it can be read if any
Senator desires it. I think it fair and proper
to state to the Senate what are the advantages
of this invention. In the first place, as already
intimated by the report, what formerly required
two distinct operations is now done at one
operation. Where the post-mark had to be put
on and the postage stamp to be canceled, that
required two separate clerks in order to effect
it; but by the use of this invention one clerk
suffices for that duty. The postmaster at New
York says that nearly onejialf the clerk hire
used for this purpose is saved in his office, to
say nothing of the other advantage that he
speaks of, enabling them to expedite the mails,
so that when a large ship mail is received to
be distributed over the country there is a great 1
saving of time.
But, sir, this is n0t all the advantage of this
invention. Whenever a clerk gets skilled in
the use of it, he puts on the post-mark so that
it ean invariably be read distinctly and plainly.
It hits been a great fault heretofore that the
post-inark was almost invariably blurred, and
where anything was required to be proved by j
a post-mark it was very difficult to do it. But
the chief merit in this invention, and perhaps
the greatest saving to the Goverment, is in the
fact that this stamp so defaces the post-mark
that neither hy washing nor by any chemical
process can thejdefaceinent be extracted. It
is known that thousands and millions perhaps j
of postage stamps have been used again, many
of them simply by washing with water and
erasing the canceling mark and leaving the
stamp as it was before. But this invention
breaks the enameling of the stamp, lets in the
ink to the body of the paper, and it has been
found impossible, either by the use of water or
chemicals, to restore the stamp. It is impos-
sible to estimate the saving to the revenue of
the country by this simple thing; and it is ex-
ceedingly simple when we look at it, although
a hundred experiments were made before the
proper material was found that was adapted to
the purpose; but the saving to the revenue in
the prevention of frauds upon the revenue by
the washing off of the canceling of these stamps
must be immense. I suppose there is no way
of calculating it.
It is thought that the saving in clerk hire to
the Post Office Department during the last year
by the use of this invention was about three
hundred thousand dollars. It has been used
up to the end of the fiscal year in two hundred
and fifty-four offices, and I presume it would
be a fair average to say that one clerk was saved
in each office, as there were seven saved in the
New York office. That, at $1,000 apiece, would
alone amount to $254,000. The Postmaster
General is desirous of introducing this inven-
tion more extensively I am told in the differ-
ent offices. He is desirous at this moment t6
issue proposals for contracts for making the
stamps. These patentees, after having been
thrown back to the courts, after having had to
try their patent and fully proving it, the judge
on the occasion being Judge Hall^ a former
Postmaster General, having permitted this
contract with Fairbanks & Co. that is spoken
of to be entered into with the reservation, of
course, that Congress should be obliged to
give them a suitable compensation, now ask for
remuneration at the hands of the Government.
There are numerous other stamps invented,
it is true ; but the Post Office Department and
all the postmasters, so far as 1 have heard,
and this testimony is from the Postmaster
General himself, and the late Postmaster Gen-
eral in conversation, uniformly preferred this
as the most effectual. Those who have been
in the habit of receiving letters and who have
noticed how generally the post-mark is plain
and intelligible and how thoroughly the stamp
is canceled can have no doubt, I think, of its
great use to the Government. The Govern-
ment has been using this invention for nearly
four years. Since they commenced using it
these parties have been turned over to the
courts to ascertain who was the discoverer,
and at immense expense the patent has been
substantiated. Out of the $100,000 proposed
to be given by this bill, nineteen thousand and
some odd hundreds, say $20,000 in round
numbers, is for expenses that have been in-
curred in perfecting this patent and in defend-
ing these suits. This sum of ยง20,000 the late
Postmaster General considered a fair allow-
ance to them anyway, and it has never been
disputed that that is a just consideration in
fixing the amount which these persons are to
receive. I think there can be no doubt of the
truth of what Postmaster General Randall
says:
" The Department has saved already several hun-
dred thousand dollars by its use, and I have no doubt
will continue to save large sums by its future use.
The question of its value to the Departmenthas long
been settled."
Different sums have been proposed by dif-
ferent committees as a compensation for this
invention. The Postmaster General says in a
letter that I have before me that he does not
think $50,000, the sum once proposed by a
committee of the House, a fair measure of the
great value of the invention. The parties now
Eropose to transfer the patent to the United
tates. For a remarkable invention like this,
and one so efficient, I think the sum proposed
in the bill is not at all enormous. Certainly it
seems to me, at least, to be very reasonable, and
so it appeared to the committee. But in addi-
tion to payment for the free use of the patent
forever hereafter, and with the design and in-
tention perhaps of extending it to a thousand
post offices in the United States, these parties
ask for payment for the four years' use of their
invention, which has been attended with so
much saving to the Government. I cannot
think that the Senate ought to hesitate upon
this matter. The amount named is hardly sat-
isfactory to the patentees as it stands. They
have demanded a much larger amount from
time to time ; but I believe that this amount,
if it is proposed by Congress, will be accepted.
If it is not, the Government must cease to use
the patent on the 1st of April next, and the
parties will be compelled to go to the Court of
Claims to get a fair valuation for the use of
this patent that has been accepted by the Post-
master General on behalf of the United States.
The difficulty with the Post Office Department
is that they must either have the right to use
this stamp from and after the 1st of April or
some other. The time is growing short now.
The usual time for advertising for contracts
has already begun to run. When we consider
the inconvenience to which the Post Office
Department would be subjected by substituting
for this stamp, with which they are so well
pleased and which so efficiently and effectu-
ally answers their purpose, an inferior one, or,
to say nothing of the inferiority, simply to
compel them to use another stamp for the work
of the Department through the vast region it
covers, I think it would be worth more to the
Government to avoid that inconvenience than
the amount that is asked for these patentees
by this bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that the
right of these persons, for whose benefit it is
proposed to make this appropriation, to the
patent has been established by a protracted
and expensive litigation ; so thai, so far as that
question is concerned, it has been finally and
conclusively settled. _
The only question that remains is m to the
amount which these patentees are entitled to
recover or receive from the Government in
consequence of the unauthorized use of thfiu
patent. I have here a letter from the Post-
