946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 1090)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
receive into the Treasury the residuary legacy
of James Smithson, to authorize the Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution to apply the
income of the said legacy, and for other pur-
poses, was read twice by its title, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to receive into
the Treasury, on the same terms as the original
bequest, the residuary legacy of James Smith-
son, now in United States bonds in the hands
of the Secretary, namely, $26,210 03, together
•with such other sums as the regents may,-from
time to time, see fit to deposit, not exceeding,
with the original bequest, the sum of SI,000,000.
The interest which has accrued, or which may
hereafter accrue, from the residuary legacy is
to be applied by the Board of Regents of the
Smithsonian Institution in the same manner
as the interest on the original bequest, in ac-
cordance with the provisions of the act of
August 10, 1846, establishing the Institution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire
where that fund has been heretofore. Has it
been in the Treasury?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; it has been in
the hands of the Secretary. Under the bequest
of Smithson there was a sum that was to come
to the Institution upon the death of a certain
person, and that person died just about the
time I happened to be in the Treasury, and
therefore I know the facts. This bill simply
provides that this money shall be paid into the
Treasury and disposed of precisely in accord-
ance with the original act with regard to the
disposal of Smithson's bequest.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to it
at all. .
The bill was reported,to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 904) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th
June, 1868, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 252) to per-
mit Captain John A. Webster, jr., of the
steamer Mahoning, to receive from the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain a gold chronometer,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 253) for the
relief of Captain Daniel C. Trewhitt, of the
United States Army, of Hamilton county,
Tennessee, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
organization of the house.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up
House bill No. 874. The Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] called for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill last evening,
and as there was not a quorum present at the
moment it was laid over. I ask that it be
now taken up with a view of disposing of it.
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Illinois moves to take up the bill (H.
R. No. 874) to regulate the duties of the Clerk
of the House of Representatives in preparing
for the organization of the House, and for
other purposes.
Mr. DAVIS. I am opposed to the passage
of that bill. I do not think it is competent for
Congress to pass it at all. The first section
reads-——
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that the bill is not yet before the
Senate. The question is, Will the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill?
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the bill pass? and upon that
question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I was going to state an objec-
tion or two that I have to the passage of this
bill. The first section reads :
That before the first meeting of the next Congress,
and of every subsequent Congress, the Clerk of the
nest preceding House of Representatives shall make
a roll of the Representatives-elect, and place thereou
the names of all persons claiming seats as Represen t-
atives-elect from States which were represented in
the next preceding Congress, and of such persons
only, and whose credentials show that they were
regularly elected in accordance with the laws of their
States respectively, or the laws of the United States.
My first objection to this bill is, that it pro-
ceeds by an act of Congress to designate an
officer of the House of Representatives. My
second objection is, that it authorizes that
officer to pass upon the returns of members of
the House, a duty and a power which by the
Constitution, is devolved upon theHouse alone,
and which cannot be assumed by an act of
Congress delegating the exorcise of that power
to any specified officer. The Constitution, in
providing for the House of Representatives,
declares:
"The House of Representatives shall choose their
Speaker and other officers."
The House of Representatives and the Sen-
ate each have the exclusive constitutional
power to choose their own officers. What does
this bill provide for? What does it intend
to do? Simply to designate and name a most
important officer of the House of Represent-
atives. What is that officer to do? He is
to be the organ of the House in its organiza-
tion. He is to exercise the important office of
organizing the House of Representatives. Is
an officer who is to perform that duty an officer
of the House? Is any man, by whatever name
or title of office he may be designated, who is
to perform that duty an' officer of the House
of Representatives? Certainly he is, and one
of the most important of the officers of the
House. The Clerk by this bill is to make out
the roll of the members-elect. He is to per-
form that duty himself. He includes upon this
roll the members of the House, every person
that he chooses, and he may exclude.
We had an instance of the manner in which
that power will be executed under this law at
the organization of the present House of Rep-
resentatives. The Clerk there proceeded to
make out a list of members, excluding the
members from eleven States. Was not that
the performance of an office in the organiza-
tion of the House, and an office of the highest
moment and importance? Was not the Clerk
who performed that duty an officer de facto at
least of the House at that time? And is it not
sought by this bill to make the same officer,
if he be present, an officcr de jure, and by-
operation of this act of the House on the
organization of each subsequent House of
Congress ? Is it competent for Congress to
pass a bill for that purpose ? Is not such a
bill in direct conflict with the provision which
I read, that the House shall choose their
Speaker and other officers?" Is it not the ex-
clusive constitutional right of each House for
itself to appoint its organ and to prescribe the
mode in which the roll of the House shall be
made out and the other regulations by which
the organization of the House is to take place?
That is the constitutional function of each
Jlouse. Each House has the power to act for
itself in this matter, and the other House hag"
no right and no power whatever to take part
in it, even in the form of passing a law of
Congress to regulate the matter.
Suppose this bill was to become a law;
when the next House of Representatives get
together might it not and ought it not to dis-
regard the law? It would read this law and
find it making a'provision for the organization
of the House and the manner and mode in
which the roll of its members should be made
out. The members of the House would turn
to the Constitution and read that this was an
office which each House was to perform for
itself. The next House, or any other House
of Representatives, might disregard this law,
and in utter negation of it might proceed to
organize the particular House according to its
own discretion and order.
Another provision of the Constitution says :
" Each House shall be the judge of the election,
returns, and qualifications of its own members/'
The bill under consideration interferes with
that clause of the Constitution also, because it
withdraws, in the organization of the House,
the question of the returns of its members from
the House itself, the constitutional body to take
cognizance of that question, and vests it in the
Qlerk of the previous Congress. What power
or competency has Congress to pass a law au-
thorizing {he Clerk of a defunct House of Rep-
resentatives to pass upon the returns of the
members of a succeeding House upon its organ-
ization? That is what is proposed to be done
by this bill; and it is exactly what Congress
cannot pass a law to effect. This matter is not
a subject of legislation; it is not a subject of
congressional action. The election of the offi-
cers of both branches of Congress, and the
judgment upon the question of the returns,
elections, and qualifications of their members,
belong by the Constitution exclusively to the
two Houses respectively. It cannot be made
the subject of congressional legislation; no
laws of Congress regulating these matters can
be properly passed, and if they were passed
they would be in derogation of those provisions
of the Constitution, and they would have no
obligation whatever upon either House. The
two Houses might disregard them and proceed
to the organization of their respective bodies as
though this law never had passed, even if it
does receive the forms of legislation.
Sir, I am not opposed to this bill simply
because it is introduced by the Republican
majority of the Senate; I am not opposed to
it because it would operate to the prejudice of
the Democratic party' or any other party. I
am opposed to it because it is in conflict with
the Constitution and the rights and powers of
the two Houses of Congress in the organiza-
tion of their respective bodies. It attempts
to grasp and to bring within the vortex of
congressional legislation matters that belong
exclusively by the Constitution to the two
Houses themselves. Sir, a law of this kind
ought not to be passed for the benefit of party
interests. The tables may be turned, and will
be turned, if not in favor of the Democratic
party, to the prejudice of the Republican party,
and in favor of some other party. The Re-
publican party is not the party of permanence.
Sooner or later it must go into the minority,
and must become itself subject to the rule of
another dominant political party.
In this view of the subject, without regard
to the rights of the two Houses of Congress
generally and to the proper restraint of all
parties, those that are now in the ascendency
and those that may hereafter be in the ascend-
ency, I want this bill voted down, and I want
the Senate to adhere faithfully and rigorously
to the constitutional rule, that the two Houses
of Congress alone shall elect their own officers;
that no officers shall be provided by an act of
Congress for either House, because each House
has the exclusive right to elect its own officers,
and especially that an officer of a past House
of Representatives designated by an act of
Congress shall not be clothed with the all-im-
portant power of passing upon the rights of
members of the House of Representatives. It
is a vast power, and it is just such a power as
is proposed to be vested by this bill in the de-
funct Clerk of a preceding Congress. It can-
not be said that he is not to judge of the
returns of the members; he is made so in
explicit language. The provision is that—
Tha. Clerk of the next preceding House of Rep-
resentatives shall makearollof theReprescntativcs-
elect and place thereon the names of all persons
claiming seats as Representatives-elect from States
which were represented in the next preceding Con-
gress, and such persons only, and whose credentials
show that they were regularly elected in accordaneo
with the laws of their States respectively or the laws
of the United States.
No man's name is to go upon this roll of the
members of the House unless his credentials
shall show that he was regularly elected-in ac-
cordance with the laws of his State or the laws
of the United States. Is not the decision of that
question a j udicial or a quasi judicial decision ?
Does it not involve the very material and the
existence of the House of Representatives?
