1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
in said marshal's office in the custom-house building
at Portland, Maine, on the 4th day of July last.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
report op columbian institution.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
resolution authorizing the engraving of the
drawings accompanying the annual report of
the Columbian Institution for the Deaf and
Dumb, have directed me to report it back and
recommend its passage; and as it is a very
short matter, I ask for its present considera-
tion.
• There, .being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Public Printer be, and he is
hereby, directed to cause to be engraved the draw-
ings accompanying the annual report of the Colum-
bian Institution for the Deaf and the Dumb; and he
is also directed to print for the use of the institution
one thousand additional copies of said report, insert-
ing therein, as well as in the copies already printed,
impressions of the drawings above ordered.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills ; which were severally read twice by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands:
A bill (S. No. 481) granting lands to the
State of Oregon, to aid in the construction of a
military road and telegraph line through the
coast mQnntains from Portland to Astoria f and
A bill (S. No. 482) granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of a
military and post road through the ,coast
mountains from Astoria to Tillamook.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 483) to equalize the value of the cur-
rency of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 150) extending the time for
the completion of the improvement of the Fox
and Wisconsin rivers; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No 151) appropriating money
to defray the expenses of the joint select com-
mittee on retrenchment; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 152) relating to the government of
the States lately in rebellion; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
indian bureau purchases.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to report, for the information of the Senate,
what goods have been purchased in open market for
the Indian Bureau since the 1st day of August last,
said report to specifyin detail the number or quantity
of articles purchased, the prices paid or agreed to bo
paid therefor, and the names of the party or parties
from whom the same were purchased.
The Senate proceeded to consider the reso-
lution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator
perhaps had better carry his. inquiry back a
little further, say for the past year.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move, then, to amend
the resolution by striking out "1st day of
August" and inserting " 1st day of January."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that I have
offered this resolution for the purpose of ob-
taining certain information from the Depart-
ment, and I intend in a day or two to offer a
resolution calling upon the Committee on
Indian Affairs to make an investigation into
purchases made by the Indian Bureau.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
paris exposition.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of State is hereby re-
quested to communicate to the Senate such informa-
tion as he may possess inrespeetto the progressmade
in collecting the products, and also the weights and
measures and coins of the United States, for exhibi-
tion at the Universal Exposition at Paris in April
next.
I will remark merely that I have reason to
believe this resolution will draw forth some
information that will be interesting to the Sen-
ate and to the country. ;
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
librarian's report.
Mr. CRESWELL submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved, That the usual number of copies of the
report of the Librarian of Congress for the present
year be printed for the'information of the Senate,
and five hundred copies extra for the use of the
Library.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 876) making
appropriations and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867,
and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 910) granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of a
military wagon-road from Dalles City, on the
Columbia river, to Fort Bois6, on the Snake
river; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 221) authoriz-
ing certain medals to be distributed to honor-
ably discharged soldiers free of postage.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 62) to amend
an act entitled "An act granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of a
military road from Eugene City to the eastern
boundary of said State."
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker had signed the enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 876) making appropriations and to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1867, and for other purposes; and it
was signed by the President pro tempore.
immigration of chinese.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committeeon Foreign Belations
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of regu-
lating or restricting the immigration and importation
of Chinese into the United States,
The Senate, by unanimous consent, pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I offer
this resolution at this time with the view of
calling the attention of Congress and the coun-
try to the subject to which it refers. Since the
first discovery of gold in California the Chinese
in considerable numbers have immigrated to
the Pacific coast. They come there not to be
citizens of the country, not to learn to speak
our language, to profess our religion, to adopt
our customs, manners, and habits, but they
come there to be a people unto themselves and
to maintain their attachment to the religions
and the Government under which they were
born.
I do not undertake to say that any particular
harm has yet resulted from their presence on
the Pacific coast; but new facilities for their
immigration have recently been created, and no
doubt will be increased, and some great induce-
ment may arise which will pour clouds of
Chinese from the millions who inhabit the coun-
try where they now live upon the Pacific coast
like locusts upon the land of Egypt. I think
that it is not safe to despise " the day of small
things" in reference to this matter, and it is
much easier now to deal with the subject than
it will be when -it assumes more formidable pro-
portions. I hope, -therefore, that the commit-
tee will give the subject that attention which
its importance seems to demand.
The resolution was agreed to.
hydration 0* air.
Mr. BUCK ALE W submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be authorized
to take such immediate steps for the hydration of the
air of the Senate Chamber as can be conveniently
secured under the existing arrangements for the
introduction of air.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution. '
Mr. BUCKALEW. This is to enable our
appropriate officer to take the steps contem-
plated for the hydration of the air of the Senate
Chamber. Last session when the general
subject of ventilation was before the Senate it
was contemplated that what is now proposed
should be done in the recess; but the measure
which was then proposed by the committee on
that subjcct failed in the committee of confer-
ence between the two Houses and the subject
has not been attended to. I suppose we can
mitigate the material defect during the coming
holiday, recess; I mean in the particular'.con-
templated by the resolution.
I hold in my hand a volume^ a book the
cover of which exhibits the existing character
of the air in our Chamber at this moment, its
extreme aridity. The relative humidity of the
air of this Chamber at the present is probably
about twenty-five or thirty degrees, whereas it
ought to be some sixty or seventy degrees.
We take the air with the external temperature
pretty nearly at the freezing point, when it is
almost entirely destitute of moisture: we con-
vey it through a closed passage and heat it np
to a temperature of seventy or seventy-five de-
grees, when it demands between three and four
times the amount of moisture which it con-
tained when we commenced the proceeding
upon it: we have nevej: had any means of im-
parting that. T suppose, sir, our Sergeant-at-
Arms at all events can mitigate the existing
difficulty by turning on the steam, a moderate
amount and at a moderate velocity. At- all
events I propose that he shall try some experi-
ments to reduce in this one particular the
existing defects in our ventilation.
The resolution was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The following bill and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 910) granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of a
military wagon-road from Dalles City, on the
Columbia river, to Fort Bois6 on the Snake
river—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 221) author-
izing certain medals to be distributed to hon-
orably discharged soldiers free of postage—to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
message prom the nouse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
553) to amend section two of an act entitled
"An act to authorize the Legislatures of the
States of Illinois and Tennessee to sell the
lands heretofore appropriated for the use of
schools in those States," in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
milwaukee and rock river canal.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 102) construing and
