184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December, 19;
giving effeet to the joint resolution entitled
"'A resolution for the relief of the State of
Wisconsin," approved July 1, 1864.
The motion was agreed to.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on a motion to reconsider the
vote passing this joint resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. L6t it be read that we may
know what it is.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Besolved, That the resolution entitled " A resolu-
tion for the relief of theStateof Wisconsin," dated
July 1st, 1864, be go construed as to entitle the Mil-
waukee and Book River Canal Company to reimburse-
ment, out of the canal land fund therein mentioned,
for the amounts which are proved to hare been paid
out by it for interest in carrying on the work men-
tioned in said former resolution Hi the same manner
asfor other sums by it expended. Also for the amount
which isproved to have been expended by it in neces-
sary repairs and management of the canal after the
date of said resolution but before the date of th esettl e-
ment made thereunder: Provided, only. That said
eompanyshall not receive more than the amount of
the residue of the trust fund arising from the sale of
the canal lands charged against said State in said set-
tlement and not heretofore paid over tosaid company;
and the Secretary of the Department of the Interior
shall complete the settlement by making said further
allowances to said company up to the amount of said
residue of said canal lands fund, and the same shall
be paid to said company out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I entered the motion
to reconsider the passage of this resolution.
It came from the Judiciary Committee and was
reported favorably by a majority of that com-
mittee. There was a difference of opinion in
the committee, and I was of the minority op-
posed to the passage of the joint resolution. I
thought it ought not to pass. It is a private
claim which takes $25,000 out of the Treasury
of the United States, and, as I thought, with-
out the shadow of a claim on the part of this
canal company. The reason for entering the
motion to reconsider was that the joint resolu-
tion passed without consideration in the Senate.
I was not present at the time and I thought the
attention of the Senate ought to be called to
the facts of the case ; and if it be possible to get
its attention for a few minutes, I will try to
state the case as I understand it, and then if
the Senate think proper not to reconsider it
of course the bill will stand as passed.
The facts of the case, the precise particulars
of them, are not in my mind at this moment,
but I can state generally what they are. Some
years ago—the dates I shall not now be enabled
to give, but they are immaterial—the United
States made a grant of land to the then Terri-
tory of Wisconsin for the purpose of making an
improvement in that Territory. The Territory
of Wisconsin turned the lands over to a com-
pany organized in that Territory. That com-
pany undertook to make the improvement. As
is often the case, they failed; they did not make
the improvement, but used up the lands and
got into a controversy with the State of Wis-
consin in regard to the accounts between this
company and the State of Wisconsin, with
which the Government of the United States
had nothing to do any more than she had
granted the lands to make the improvement
on the condition tha,t this improvement was to
be made. Some few years ago the Government
of the United States was applied to to settle
this matter between this company and the State
of Wisconsin ; and against my opinion at the
time the United States was brought into make
the settlement. The State of Wisconsin was
to be charged for these lands at a sum not
exceeding $1 25 an acre, I think.
Mr. HOWE. What we got for them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What you got for them,
provided it should not be less than that; for
if I recollect the State was charged $1 '25 an
acre, and the matter was to be settled by some
officer of the Government, the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, I think. The
State was charged the $1 25 an acre, and there
was to be allowed to this company the money
that they had actually expended in making
the improvement; and the Commissioner went
On to make up the account, allowing to the
'Company what they had actually expended.
In making up that account he refused to allow
the company interest. The company in going
on with the work, which they failed to complete,,
had borrowed money at extravagant rates of
interest, and they claimed that the United
States should allow them those extravagant
rates of interest that they had paid to get
money to go on with the work.
The PRESIDES! pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBTTLL. I have only a few words
to say on this joint resolution. I have no wish
to take up time further than is necessary to
enable the Senate to understand the case. I
think I shall get through in five minutes.
Mr. WADE. Some one will want to reply.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not persist.
Mr. WADE. Let us go on with the regular
business.
ADMISSION OF NEBRASKA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
456) for the admission of the State of Nebraska
into the Union, the pending question being on
the amendment proposed by Sir. Cowan to the
amendment submitted by Mr. Bkowjj.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, as the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Terri-
tories announced to us yesterday his purpose
to bring the Senate to a final vote upon this
bill to-day if practicable, I shall endeavor to
condense the remarks I have to make into as
small a compass as possible. I hope, sir, we
shall be able to take a final vote to-day. Time
is not only flying but precious. We have a
great number of bills of the highest importance
now pending before the Senate which, in my
judgment, ought to.be acted upon at the pres-
ent session, not to speak of those bills which
are likely to be introduced.
Mr. President, in April, 1864, now well on
toward three years ago, Congress passed an
act to enable the people of the Territory of
Nebraska to form a constitution and State
government and for the admission of that Ter-
ritory with that people into- the Union as a
State of the Union. At the same session Con-
gress also passed an act authorizing the people
of the Territory of Colorado to form a State
government, promising them also admittance
into the Union. It seems that the people of
neither of these Territories complied in point
of time with the requisitions of the respective
acts.
But it is not alleged, and I believe it Sannot
be truthfully alleged, that the people of either
have deviated from the requirements of the re-
spective acts in any other respect, and I do not
understand from the objections that come from
any quarter in the Senate that the deviation in
respect to time is insisted upon. Congress knew
quite well at the time they passed those two
acts, what was the number of the population in
each. The very fact that they passed those acts
is a conclusive answer to the objection that the
population of the Territories was not sufficiently
numerous. We took that question into consid-
eration nearly three years ago; we received full
and satisfactory information upon that point,
and we deliberately enacted that the population
in each of those Territories was at that time
sufficient to justify us in imparting to them the
faculty of forming a State government and for
them to act upon that permission. There is no
complaint here that the people of those Terri-
tories have not complied substantially with those
acts.
At the last session of Congress the President
of the United States sent to us thp. constitution
which had been formed by the people ot Col-
orado, notin strict accordance with the enabling
act, but deviating from the requirements of that
act only in respect to time.
The President laid the constitution of Colo-
rado before Gongress; and be asked for it the
consideration of Congress. It is very true that
he did not recommend the acceptance of that
constitution by Congress, but he went so far
as to submit it to our consideration; and there
arose a very fair implication that, in doingthus,
he pledged himself that if Congress should be
satisfied^ with this constitution and with the
proceedings that led to it he would approve
the act of admission; fci he certainly could
not have been guilty of attimnting to play upon
Congress the practical joke of passing upon the
constitution of Colorado, while at the same
time he was satisfied in his own mind it ought
not to receive their sanction. I cannot believe
that even the present locum tmens of the pres-
idential office would have done an act in its
nature so idle, so trifling; yet he returned to
us the bill admitting Colorado into the Union
with his objectipns. and strange to say, although
he had submitted this instrument to our con-
sideration asking ug to legislate upon it, he
included among his objections to that consti-
tution and to the admission of Colorado, the
alleged fact that the population of the Terri-
tory was not sufficient in numbers, and that the
proceedings which led to the formation of its
constitution were irregular and not in accord-
ance with the act of 1864.
At the last session of Congress we also
passed abill admitting Nebraskainto the Union
as a State and under the same constitution
which is now before us, the result of similar
proceedings in that Territory. Unfortunately,
however, for the bill and the people of Ne-
braska, it was not presented to the President
in season to make it necessary for him to return
it to the Senate before the final adjournment
of that body; he pocketed the bill. He ap-
plied to it what used to be known in old whig
times as "the pocket veto." He did not return
it at all to that body in which it originated,
on account of the nearness of the adjournment
of Congress.
Congress have thus with great unanimity
already passed upon the objections which have
been raised to this present bill. They have
said that Colorado is fit to be admitted into the
Union under the constitution she has framed.
They have also said that Nebraska is equally
entitled to be admitted under the constitution
her people have framed. I consider that the
objections on the ground of irregularity in the
proceedings and upon the ground of the alleged
insufficiency of the population are foreclosed.
We are practically estopped from insisting upon
these objections. We have passed upon them.
It seems to me that it is not exactly in the
spirit of good faith for us now to insist upon
objections which we have heretofore overruled.
The main conditions imposed by Congress upou
these Territories are the following:
'Theconstitution whenformed shall be republican
and not repugnant to the Constitution of the United
States and the principles of the Declaration of Inder
pendence.'' * * * * That said con-
vention shall provide, by an ordinance irrevocablir
without the consent of the United States and ths
people of said State:
"1. That there shall be neither slavery nor invol-
untary servitude in the said State, otherwise than in
the punishment of crimes whereof the party shall
have been duly convicted.
"2. That perfect toleration, of religious sentiment
shall be secured, and no inhabitant of said State shall
ever be molested in person or property on account of
his or her mode of religious worship."
Then follows the usual clause contained in
the acts of Congress for the admission of new
States, prohibiting them from interfering with
the primary disposition of the public lands lying
within their limits by Congress.
All these conditions are fully and fairly met
and performed by the terms of the ordinance
they have passed.
Now, sir, is this State constitution pre-
sented to us by the people of Nebraska in
accordance with the Declaration of Independ-
ence? My honorable friend from Massachu-
setts', my honorable friend from Missouri object
that this constitution is not in accordance with
the principles of that Declaration. I deem it
hardly worth while to enter into a discussion
of that question, but I will venture to soy a
few words upon it.
It is insisted by these gentlemen that in order
to "bring this constitution within the: terms of
the condition here prescribed, and to make it
aeeord with the principles of the Declaration
