1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
their judgment, and I shall therefore feel com-
pelled to vote against the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe the question
is upon the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to section fourteen, on
page 17. I desired very much to take the
view of that amendment expressed by the
Senator from Wisconsin; but I was not and
am not able now to do so. I think the view
taken by the Senator from Illinois is the one
which we are compelled to take, that to make
the law uniform the amount of property which
shall be left to the discharged bankrupt must
be the same in all the States. If we should
allow him to retain $1,000 in one State and
$5,000 in another certainly that would not be
a uniform system. And if we adopt as part
of this act the laws of the various States it
will be making the system as diverse as the
laws of the States themselves.
But I wish to suggest to the Senator from
Wisconsin that I tljink the evils which he
apprehends do not arise. The object of this
bill is to discharge a man altogether from his
indebtedness that he may start out in life
afresh. When he gets that discharge from all
obligations under this bill he goes out of court
with the property which this bill allows him to
retain. The object and effectof the State laws
exempting property from final process are not
the same. A State law exempting property
from execution is not a discharge from the
indebtedness; it simply provides that when an
execution may be issued against a party the
officer in the execution of that writ shall leave
to the party a specified amount of property.
It is not an insolvent's discharge; it is the
property which he holds, notwithstanding his
liability to execution. The property which he
holds under this bill he holds as a discharged
debtor from his debts entirely. The laws of
the States will remain, notwithstanding the
passage of this bill, to have precisely the same
effect that they do now. Until a man is dis-
charged the laws of the State will protect him
in the property exempted under them ; but
when he comes to be discharged the amount
that he shall hold must be the same in all the
States. The passage of this bill, in my view
of the subject, will not impair the efficiency of
the State laws exempting property from execu-
tion ; and I do not anticipate the evils which
the Senator from Wisconsin fears.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose the Senator
from Indiana does not doubt that under the
laws of the States propertymay besettledupon
the wife or the children of the debtor dis-
charged of his debts, so as not to be subject
to be taken for his debts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Property owned by
the wife and the children under circumstances
that justify it^of course, is exempted from
execution for the debts of the husband and
fktlicr
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Or property which the
husband may have given to the wife, and set-
tled upon the wife before the debt was con-
tracted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir, if conveyed
before the debt was contracted and the prop-
erly was suitable to their condition, and the
transaction was under circumstances that did
not raise the question of fraud.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If a man has $50,000
worth of property and he is free from debt,,
can he not settle the whole $50,000 upon his
wife under the laws of the States and have it
retained by her, so as to be free and discharged
from future debts or liabilities incurred by
him ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That would depend
much on the intent of the party. If he in-
tended to contract debts in the future and be
the apparent owner of property which he had
transferred to his wife, .such an arrangement
in my judgment would not stand.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Of course a fraudulent
intent may avoid all contracts and may set
them all aside; but if in good faith a man sot-
ties property oti his wife and children when he
is not in debt they may hold that property
free from his subsequent, debts, and if he after-
wards went into bankruptcy you could not
reach that property thus settled upon the wife
and children by virtue of the laws of the
States. There are some States perhaps that
go so far as to forbid the settling of property
upon the wife and children in this way, but
most of them certainly allow it.
Now, the States allow the husband to hold
exempt from execution a homestead, not for
himself, but for the family, as being essential
to the existence and the independence of the
family, in order to carry out the obligation which
he contracts by virtue of 'his being the head
of a family, an obligation higher than, supe-
rior to, and more sacred than, any other he can
contract. The laws of the several States allow
him to invest in a homestead, which is to be
held as long as it is occupied as a homestead,
independent and discharged of his debts. Some
States allow to a given amount, some allow
more, some allow less; but when this person
goes into bankruptcy the rule of the court of
bankruptcy should be to reach just that prop-
erty which is liable under the laws of the State
to be reached, and not reach that property
which constitutes this trust fund, this fund
which is not to be reached by creditors, this
fund which is necessary to the family and its
independence.
Mr. President, I regard the State laws de-
fending the homestead of the family, allowing
it to be retained, as important; and my judg-
ment is that it would bo impossible to pass a
bankrupt law through this House and the
House of Representatives which would require
the debtor to surrender the homestead wliich
under the laws of the States has been sacredly
set apart for his family.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator for a moment. If the property in
fact belongs to the wife and the children, of
course neither by Federal nor State laws can it
be reached for the debts of the husband and
father. So that question does not arise. If
the homestead be protected as against credit-
ors in the State of Wisconsin this bill, if it
passes and becomes a law, will not place the
debtor in any worse condition than he was
before.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Why not?
Hr. HENDRICKS. Because ho does not
have to strip himself of his homestead unless
he applies to be a discharged bankrupt. If he
remains under the law of the State, allows the
creditors to seek their remedy against him un-
der that law, he is protected by the law of the
State that exempts a certain amount of prop-
erty from execution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But the creditors can
proceed under this law to put the debtor in
bankruptcy.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If he has been guilty
of fraud.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is necessary to
carry out this doctrine that the law must be
uniform, then the creditor proceeding under
this bill in bankruptcy has a right to deprive
the debtor of his homestead in any State if in
any of the States the State law does not give
the debtor a homestead; otherwise it is not
uniform according to this argument.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator is dis-
cussing one part of this hill and I was referring
to another. I was speaking of the voluntary
portion of the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The uniformity of a
bankrupt law is all the point at issue, because
I understood the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois to admit that he would not bo disposed to
disturb the homestead exemption laws of the
several States provided lie could constitution-
ally support a bankrupt law without that clause
which is now in' this bill and which is meved
to be stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What I said, I think,
was that I had no disposition to interfere with
the exemption laws of the States, but that I
did not think Congress had any authority when
passing a uniform system of bankruptcy to
adopt them ; and if the Senator from Wiscon-
sin had remained in his seat and listened to
me he would have seen that I answered his
argument about the family. The family lias
nothing to do with it. This bill does not pro-
pose to take property that belongs to-the fam-
ily. It proposes to take the property that
belongs to the bankrupt himself; and the bank-
rupt may have no family. Property is ex-
empted in favor of the debtor in my State
whether he has a family or not,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A homestead?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, a homestead.
Suppose a woman is a bankrupt. A woman
may be a bankrupt.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But she may be the
head of a family.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, and she may be a
bankrupt Vithout having a family.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. l'he homestead is ex-
empted if occupied by a family.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A woman in my State
is entitled to occupy a homestead from her
debtors, whether she has children or not, and
though her husband be dead.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWARD. In the midst of this col-
loquy, I want to ask my friend from Illinois
one question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Waituntil I get through.
The point of the Senator from Illinois is that
under the Constitution this law must be uni-
form in its operation. Now, a creditor in the
State of New York proceeds in bankruptcy
against a debtor, takes las property, disposes
of his property under this bill. What is the
rule of disposition? In the State of New
York by the State laws a homestead to the
amount of $1,000 is exempted. In the State
of Connecticut perhaps there is no homestead
exempted, but only a certain amount of per-
sonal property. If you proceed in bankruptcy
in Connecticut you do not leave any homestead
to the debtor. Therefore, tHere is no uniform-
ity in this proceeding, according to the argu-
ment of the Senator from Indiana and the
Senator from Illinois. The Senator from In-
diana claims that it need only be uniform as
to the amount of property which is held by the
debtor when the debtor himself proceeds in
bankruptcy and asks for his discharge. I put
the case of the creditor proceeding against the
debtor, and that argument of the Senator from
Indiana answers the other. The truth is, the
law passed by Congress is uniform if it adopts
a uniform rule, and that rule is to reach the
property which under the law of the State is
liable for the payment of debts, and not to
undertake to reach any other.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, among the
uncertainties which seem to hang about the
phrase in the Constitution, "uniform laws on
the subject of bankruptcy," there are at least a
few certainties; and the first is that before the
Constitution was adopted each one of the States,
in virtue of its sovereign power, and each one
of them claimed that power, had authority to
establish bankrupt laws. Each State had power
to establish any system of bankrupt laws that
it might see fit; and it is a historical fact, which
I presume the Senator from Illinois will not
deny, that systems of bankrupt laws did exist
anterior to the Constitution, and that there was
a dissimilarity between every two of those sys-
tems existing in the States. In short, there was
a want of uniformity in the bankruptlaws exist-
ing within the United States of America before
the adoption of the Constitution; and beside
that, each State exercised its authority in re-
gard to the collection of debts so as to exempt
from final process certain portions of the debt-
or's property, real or personal, or both.
Both these powers have been exercised since
the adoption of the Constitution, for every State
has from time to ti.ne had its separate system
of bankruptcy and its separate system of laws
for the collection of debts. Each State, as I
have remarked, may exempt from final process
whatever property it sees lit, and haying the
ordinary legislative power that pertains to a
government, and being itself a government, it
is not to be presumed that it will exercise this
