188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December 19,
does not exceed, I think, 60,000; and I suppose
so by what I understand to be universally true,
even in the older States where families have
grown up, and there is a very little compara-
tive difference between the numbers of the male
and the female sex, that the proportion of
voters is about one to five. If the Senate will
look at the last vote cast in Pennsylvania, they
will find that it was 600,000, and her popula-
tion was about 8,000,000, which shows that in
that State the voters are in proportion to the
whole number of the population as one to five,
and there is no reason to suppose that the pro-
portion is as great in Nebraska, or in any
of these new Territories, or that it will be as
great for years to come. But if you put if even
at one to five there would be a population of
but 45,000; and we are now called upon to
admit into the Union as a State equal in all
respects, as far as this Chamber is concerned,
a Territory containing but 45,000 inhabitants,
with the State of New York which contains
nearly 4,000,000, or Pennsylvania which con-
tains about 3,000,000, to say nothing of the
large States in the West.
May not this be carried to a dangerous extent?
Nullification is at an end; thank God for that;
.secession is equally dead; and any attempt by
force upon the part of the southern States to
sundertheir connection with the Union is never
again to be made; butin tie future—and states-
men should look not to the exigencies, polit-
ical or party, of thehour, but to what the future
in all probability may produce—who can tell
how long the great West, sure in time to out-
number the rest of the Union, sure numeri-
cally to cast into shade at least the eastern
States, will consent that measures which they
think to be conducive to their own interest, which
they think may be promotive of the public
interest, shall be placed in the hands of States
having numerically little op- no comparative
population? I think now we have reason to
say that they are getting exceedingly dissatis-
fied with the protective system of the country.
I do not stop to inquire whether their grounds
for that dissatisfaction are correct or not. The
fact is they are getting dissatisfied with it, and
would if they could now terminate it. How
long will they consent peaceably to submit to
a Government which places their destinies in
the hands of a few as compared with them-
selves? How long before it will be said
by some political reformer, wiser than the
men who framed the Constitution, "There is
to be found in that disparity an anti-republican
principle," and if there be any States in the
Union who with the powers now belonging to
them are capable of exerting that principle,
how long before we shall have it said here and
throughout the country that those States are not
truly republican in form, and a demand made
to limit their representation in the Senate?
What protection is there in the Constitu-
tion? The men who framed it supposed that
the equal representation of the States in the
Senate was protected by the provision that the
Constitution is not to be amended so as to
defeat that equal representation; but how
could that stand if a general convention were
called? Literally it would stand; but there
would be nothing in that provision which would
pievent a majority of the States—and the West
w 11 have a majority of the States—from saying,
"If you insist upon retaining that equal repre-
sentation in the Senate, you and we part; we
will not live under a Government which is
founded upon such an anti-republican theory."
And when that time comes what is to become
of Maine?
Mr. MORRILL. She will have to take care
of herself.
Mr. JOHNSON. But how? Better in the
Union than out of it. If you were not safely
in the Union you Could not have so well pro-
tected yourself and your domestic industry by
any power belonging to you as a State.
I submit, therefore, upon the general ques-
tion, that unless it is necessary for the protec-
tion of the rights of the citizens constituting
the population of Nebraska \hat they should
have a State government, and not a territorial
government, having a population certainly
not exceeding fifty thousand, yon should leave
them under the latter. And will it be sSid,
particularly by my friend who spoke last and
by the honorable member from Massachu-
setts, that the rights, individual and political,
of citizens of the United States *re not safe
under a territorial government? Wlsgps, sir,
they propose to put ten States under such
governments, and they propose it for the very
purpose of protection of the citizens in the
rights which the Constitution secures. If,
then, it be true that the rights, political and
social and individual, of the citizens may be
just as effectually protected under a territorial
government as under a State government,
what necessity is there for abolishing the one
and establishing the other, unless it be—and
with all my rcspect, real and professional, for
the honorable member who spoke last, I think
that is no ground upon which to place it—
unless it be a desire to protect a party?
The honorable member has thought it proper
in the consideration of this bill to animadvert
upon the conduct of the President of the Uni-
ted States. That is a matter of taste. No one
can question the good taste of the honorable
member; but I am so dull as not to be able to
see that the opinions of the President, past or
present, have anything to do with the question
whether Nebraska should be received into the
Union or not. That is to stand or to fall on
its own merits. "Party!" How long will "the
party" endure? Are there no elements now
which threaten, sooner or later, disruption ?
Do you all accord in the principles which the
party are supposed to adopt? Why, what have
we heard upon this floor? The honorable mem-
ber from Ohio, the particular friend of this
bill, and his colleague have both told us, and
as I think told us properly, that those mem-
bers of the Senate who voted for the consti-
tutional amendment now before the States for
adoption have pledged their faith that when
adopted all the States adopting it are to be
received into the Union. The honorable mem-
ber from Michigan who has just closed his
speech has told us, if I understand him, that
there is no such obligation. My friend from
Missouri, who offered the particular amend-
ment now before the Senate has told us the
same thing; and I may be permitted, without
committing any breach of parliamentary deco-
rum, to say that the same doctrine has been
maintained by many leading members of the
House of Representatives. Now, suppose itto
be adopted, what then? One half of you, and
I hope more, will say, " This is all that can be
done; the Senators from these States must be
admitted." The other half say "no." They
say "no," possibly because then again would
hazard be brought to the continuing existence
of the party. Then they may say "I was no
party to that pledge; I voted for that amend-
ment, not for the purpose of bringing in the
States, but for the purpose of keeping them out;
I voted for it because I believed the States
would not adopt it, and I was willing therefore
to go with those who were in favor of receiv-
ing the States if it should be adopted, not
because I concurred with them, but because I
was fully impressed with the conviction that it
would not be adopted, and that not being
adopted they would concur with me in keeping
them out."
There is ground of separation at once ; but
there are other grounds. My friend from
Michigan—1 think he is right—tells the honor-
able member who offered this amendment and
tells the Senate that practically it is of no im-
portance. It professes to be a condition upon
which the State of Nebraska will be permitted
to come into the Union; but when she does
come into the Union, if she comes at all, she
can disregard the condition. As the condition
relates to the franchise, ho says, and says
properly, that the moment the t5tate is in she
may get clear of the condition by the exercise
of what he says is her admitted power of regu-
lating the franchise for herself. Who concurs
with him? All of his party? We know they
do not. The mover of the proposition insists
that it is not only to be made a condition-pre-
cedent to the admission of Nebraska-into the
Union, but a condition to follow the State,.at
all times thereafter to be inviolate, and out of
the power of the State to escape from.
I agree with the honorable member from
Michigan that that cannot be so, first, because,
as I have stated, the Union is a Union of
equal States; secondly, because as will be
seen by those who consult the proceedings of
the Convention, and consult those masterly
essays which were written by Madison and Jay
and Hamilton, recommending the Constitution
to the adoption of the American people, it was
assumed to be true, (and without that assump-
tion the Constitution never could have been
adopted,) that the subject of franchise was to
remain with the States just as it remained be-
fore the Constitution was adopted, they then
living under the Articles of Confederation. Is
it to be supposed aow, this amendment not
being proposed as a constitutional amendment
and to operate upon all the States of the Union,
but proposed only as applicable to the particii-
lar State which asks to be received into the
Union ; is it to be supposed for a moment that
when that State escapes from her infancy,
ripens into maturity, contains a population
not of forty-five or fifty thousand but of mil-
lions, she will consent to live under the domi- t
nation of a badge to which even the State of
Delaware or the State of Rhode Island is not
subjected ?
Suppose she refuses it, she calls a conven-
tion and they regulate by their constitution the
franchise without regard to this limitation;
they admit some to its exercise and exclude
others; they admit the white and exclude the
black; they require a property qualification or
fail to require it; they adopt a constitution
according to the opinion which they may en-
tertain upon these particular points. The
State is organized, the Governor elected, the
members are here representing the State as
she was originally created; and are you going
to get rid of them, and how? Is there any
legal process known to the law by which it can
be accomplished, and is there any power which
by force of arms or in any other way this body,
or the President of the United States, or all
Congress, could attain that end—expel from
their seats in this body two Senators elected
by Nebraska and whose terms had not expired,
becauseafter theiradmission thatState adopted
a constitution disregarding the condition which
you had affixed to her admission ? I say no,
you would be helpless, helpless in point of
law ; and the public, judgment would hold that
you ought to be helpless, that you had no such
power because the exertion of the power would
put an end to the equality of the States; that
you had no power to impose a condition on
"Nebraska that was not common to all the
States in- the Union, and as you had no power
to change the constitutions of the other States
so as to take from them the rights which be-
longed to them, because you cannot change by
legislation the constitutions of those States,
you had no power to make this particular con-
stitution an exception to the general rule,
Mr. President, the honorable member the
author of this amendment is not to be told that
the authority of Congress to affix conditions to
the admission of a State is not now for the iirst
time called into (juestiou. It presented itself
in the case of\ Missouri, and the agitation to
which it led threatened at that moment almost
the disruption of the Union. It was abided
bv a compromise which at the time and almost
ever since that time has been attributed to Mr.
Clay. He never claimed it for himself, and he
was not the author of it. It was avoided by
establishing a line on one side of which slavery
was expressly prohibited, leaving it to the peo-
ple of the Territories on the other side to es-
tablish it or not as they thought proper. 'Ihe
condition there proposed to be inserted was
that slavery should' not exist in the State of
Missouri.
