1628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Legislatures ; it includes all judicial officers
of the States ; it includes all State magistrates,
all State constables, no matter at what time
they may have been selected for the duties of
their offices nor how humble those offices may
have been. This constitutional amendment
casts a net over the southern States and sweeps
within its fold all tlie local officers who may ;
have held office under the several States at any
period of time, be it forty or fifty years ago. \
Taking the whole mass of those persons, the ,
number must be very great; and instead of ;
being six thousand, as the Senator from Ohio
supposes, the number must be ten times as
great, or more. It will include every person of
special intelligence, of peculiar qualifications
for the discharge of public duties throughout
that whole country—every man now alive who ;
has ever been chosen even to a local neighbor-
hood office, so humble as magistrate or con-
stable, during the last half century.
Now, what does the first amendment from ;
the House do ? It proposes to disfranchise all :
these persons from the right of voting,'1 and
from the right of voting at an election the most
important that can be conceived with reference
to their interests, the formation of govern-
ments for themselves, to endure for all future
time, or until the same power which estab-
lishes them shall modify or amend them. In-
stead of being an insignificant provision, a
matter of little moment, it is a very important
amendment; it is most sweeping and prescrip-
tive in its character, and one to which the Sen-
ate ought not to agree.
There is no reason for excluding every man
of note, of prominence throughout the whole
community from this proceeding of forming
constitutions. It is against public policy; it
is against every sound reason which can be
applied to that subject; and, observe, it does
not exclude merely those few persons who
were leaders in the rebellion, who carried
their States out, but it goes into every neigh-
borhood and ostracises every man of intelli-
gence, of character, of influence, who at any
former time may have been intrusted with
any office whatever, however humble and how-
ever little connected it may have been with the
Government of the United States.
Again, sir, there is an observation to be
made upon the second amendment sent us
from the House, which I consider to be de-
cisive against its adoption.
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator permit me
to interrupt him for n moment?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROWN. I understand the burden of
the Senator's present complaint is that this
amendment excludes all those named from
participating in voting and from holding office.
I believe the Senator voted against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man-,] which did not exclude them, and now
he votes against this because it does. I should
like him to reconcile the two positions.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not know that
there is anything to reo ncile. Because a man
votes against one proposition, it does not fol-
low that he may not vote against another.
Mr. BROWN. It follows in so far that that
was a basis of restoration predicated on that
ground, that there should be no exclusion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ohio
contained exclusions against which I voted
because I thought they were unjust and inex-
pedient. The present amendment contains
an additional exclusion which I believe to be
unjust and inexpedient, and therefore I vote
against it for precisely the same reason that I
voted against the former ones. If the Senator
from Missouri perceives any inconsistency in
this, I shall be obliged to him if he will show
me in what it consists.
This second amendment informs us that this
bill is not a finality, is not a settlement, is not
an adjustment of this subject of national
difficulty and dispute. We are informed by it
that after these governments are set up pur-
suant to the extraordinary provisions of the
bill, they are to have no validity or force as
State governments ; they arc to be subject
still to our will and to our pleasure ; we are
to be bound by nothing. After they are set
up, by a mere breath we may sweep them
away. If any provision of one of the new
constitutions is displeasing to us, we can an-
nul it. If any new law which may be enacted
displeases us, we can revoke it. Nothing, there-
fore, that is done under the provisions of this
bill, if we enact it, will be binding upon Con-
gress or upon the Government of the United
I States. The whole subject will stand, so far
as our power is concerned, precisely as it
] does at present. We shall be bound neither
in point of law nor in point of good faith to
anything whatever. The original bill which
! we sent to the House contains the provision
; that, after these constitutions are formed,
they are to be submitted to Congress, and
Congress is to approve them before they
have any effect or validity. The people in
any southern State, proceeding under our law,
may form their government and forward a
constitution to Congress, with an application
to be restored to their former place in the
Union; but Congress is bound in no way
whatever to admit them, to recognize any-
thing which they have done. That provision
remains in the bill unchanged.
I say, then, that instead of this being a meas-
ure of reconstruction, it is simply a step in
the course of aggressive and violent measures
against the southern section of the country
which has been pursued by Congress from the
time when the war came to a conclusion in
1865. Pass this bill, and no matter what takes
place under it the general subject of reconstruc-
tion is still before us ; we are bound to noth-
ing which has been done, and next session meas-
ures in advance of this will be introduced and
pressed. And why not? Why not pressed and
passed as well as this ? Upon the very face of
this enactment you say that Congress is bound
to nothing which may take place under it; you
say that these constitutions, however strictly
they may conform to the regulations you pre-
scribe in this bill, shall not be valid and effect-
ual unless in your sovereign pleasure you
choose to approve them hereafter. The House
of Representatives says in this second amend-
ment which it sends to us that all that shall be
done is to be subject to the pleasure of Con-
gress ; we are to be bound, and the public faith
is to be bound, by nothing contained in this
legislation.
I say, then, you are now passing a measure
which will have precisely the character, in the
respect in which I am viewing it, that your
constitutional amendment has; and that was
well described by one who, although belonging
to the majority by position, is somewhat inde-
pendent in his speech, when he said that it was
a measure to bridge over the fall elections, that
it was a measure to catch the ears of the peo-
ple, and tide over the difficulties of a political
contest in the country. That was a very accu-
rate description of the amendment; the result
has shown that it was accurate. And what is
this bill? It is a bill to meet the pressing
demands of public opinion at this juncture in
public affairs. It is to please the fancy of
men of the majority in the country, who desire
Congress to do something, who are complain-
ing of inaction. To meet that demand you
have a measure proposed ; but observe, sir, how
carefully, providently it is drawn so that Con-
gress shall not be bound; so that the passions
out of which this bill has sprung shall not be
curbed and checked for the future. Immedi-
ately after you have passed it that passionate
demand which we have heard for measures
against the southern section can be renewed.
The newspaper press and the stump and the
halls of legislation can be again used for pur-
poses of agitation.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] gives us notice in this debate that he
takes this measure as an installment, not as a
finality. He proposes to go on with this work,
and so do others in both Houses of Congress.
This bill does not assure to us reconstruction
and peace. It meets to some extent the press-
ing demands of the time, without securing to us
a harmonious futuje.
I say, then, sir, that upon these grounds alone
which I have stated, to wit, the sweeping and
proscriptive character of the first amendment,
and the delusive character of the whole measure
as exhibited by the second amendment, when
considered in connection with the fifth section
of the Senate bill, it becomes a simple act of
| duty to vote against concurrence in the amend-
ments of the House.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I have been
uniformly against all these projects. In 1861
I was a Union man, in favor of preserving the
' Union at all hazards. What was it? It was
j the Government of the States of the Union,
according to the Constitution. I was desirous
of preserving that Constitution, whether it was
a compact or whether it was an ordinance. I
was desirous of preserving it whether it was a
simple agreement between States or whether
it was an enactment by peoples establishing a
Government. I was in favor of doing that by
force. In 1864 I was an unconditional Union
man. What did that mean? "We have a
right to insist upon the Constitution and the
laws; we have a right to insist upon their en-
forcement; we have a right to compel obe-
dience to them ? And I insist that that obe-
dience shall be rendered." I was opposed to
any terms with those who opposed the Consti-
tution and the laws. I would as soon have
gone into the street and have made terms with
a murderer upon it as to have made terms with
those in rebellion against this Government. I
had no terms except the Constitution and the
laws. When the rebellion was over, and when
they submitted and agreed to render obedience
to the Constitution and the laws, I was satis-
fied ; and I say here that all schemes and all
projects and all contrivances for compromise
and for settlement and for reconciliation ex-
cept upon that basis will inevitably fail. Why
not? They would fail between private men,
much more between communities of men. If
I have a difficulty with my brother McDouoat.l,
if I assert that he owes me twenty dollars and
will not pay, and I go to work and give him a
flogging till he says he will pay, what then?
Then the fight is over if I accept that proposi-
tion ; but suppose I say "You owed me twenty
dollars; you admit that you are bound to pay
it; but now I will not take twenty dollars : I
find I can flog you; I have got my hand on
your weasand and you shall pay me fifty dol-
lars." Then the JIcDougall that was down
becomes the Douglas of old that was up ; in-
stead of my being his master I make him mine.
The world which looks on at that transaction
understands it in precisely that sense, and it
never will be justified and it never can be jus-
tified ; and I say to the American people that
when they insisted upon certain terms and con-
ditions which are embodied in the Constitution
and the laws, and the South agreed to submit
to them, they are bound to accept that submis-
sion and they will never get anything better.
But day after day, as our experience has taught
us, it has been going on from worse to worse.
What more did anybody want than obedience
to the Constitution and the laws ? If anybody
had committed a crime those laws would pun-
ish him, and he submitted to that punishment.
What more had anybody to ask? But unfor-
tunately that course was not taken. We have
a certain number of persons who fancy that
they can reform the world, that they can make
a better Government than we had before this
rebellion broke out; that they can make the
Eeople wiser; that they can make the people
appier; and that they can introduce a better
state of order into society than we had before.
I mean to say they pretend that that is the
motive. I do not know that that is the real
motive; I am rather inclined to think it is not;
but that is the alleged motive for an attempt to
insist upon more than the Constitution and the
laws from the southern people before they
restore them back to the Union.
