952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
power wantonly or injuriously to its own citi-
zens or to persons who are not "its citizens.
The whole system of bankruptcy and the sys-
tem for the collection of debts have been under
the complete control of the various State Le-
gislatures apd are so now.
Now, I wish to put a question to my learned
friend from Illinois, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, in order to ascertain
whether he and I view this clause in the same
light. The committee propose to strike out of
the bill the clause exempting from the opera-
tion of the surrender of the bankrupt's effects
the particular property specified in the bill:
And such other property not included in the fore-
going exceptions as is exempted from levy and sale
upon execution by the laws of the State in which the
bankrupt has his domicile at the time of the com-
mencement of the proceedings in bankruptcy to an
amount not exceeding that allowed by such State ex-
emption laws in force in the year 186-1.
_ This clause recognizes the existence and con-
tinuing force of the exemption laws of the
various States as it stands. Now, if we strike !
out this clause, I ask the Senator whether or
not all the property thus exempted by State
laws will be included among the assets of the
bankrupt and subject to sale according to the
provisions of this bill, and pass from his pos-
session and enjoyment into the hands of his
creditors? I give it that construction. The i
expunging from the bill of this clause is in-
tended by the committee, and is understood by
the committee, as a complete nullification of all
the exemption laws established by the States.
Such will be undoubtedly the effect of striking
out the clause.
Now, sir, I entertain the opinion that it is
not competent for Congress to interfere with
the exemption laws of the States. I hold that
that is one of the rights and powers pertaining
to the States under the Constitution to make
such exemptions, and that it belongs to the
category of State powers in the same sense in
which the power to collect debts, to make con-
tracts, conveyances of land, wills, and all
other commercial instruments, and instruments
relating to the title of the property ownedby the
citizens of the State. Congress has no power
over this vast field of subjects, and I hold
that when the Constitution speaks of "estab-
lishing uniform laws upon the subject of bank-
ruptcy," it is to be understood in the sense
that the laws which Congress pass shall have
a uniform operation and effect throughout the
States, making no exception of one State or
part of a State from the operation of the act;
that the general act shall operate with uni-
formity throughout all the States, in order to
take away and remove the difficulty which
existed before the formation of the Constitu-
tion, consisting in a want of uniformity of the
bankrupt laws of the various States. The
clause is to be interpreted rather in a territo-
rial than a commercial sense ; it is intended
to extend the same general system throughout
the United States, and to take away from the
States the power of establishing each for itself
a separate system of bankruptcy, which may
be different from every other system known in
the^S tales.
That is the light in which I read the Consti-
tution. Now, sir, I can never consent that all
the property exempted from final process in
my State—and the exemption in my State is
fixed and established by a clause of the consti-
tution of the State itself—shall be swept into
the vortex of the bankrupt's assets and sold at
public auction.^ I do not believe Congress have
power thus to interfere with the internal pol-
icy of a State. I do not believe any such thing
was intended by the framers of the Constitu-
tion ; but it was intended to leave to the States,
under what we call a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy, the full and complete control of-all
matters connected with their internal policy
and domestic legislation.
But, sir, I will not occupy the time of the
Senate further upon this subject. I have no
doubt about the constitutionality of this clause
which is now sought to be stricken out, and I
am frfee to say that rather than see such an
attempt to sweep away a whole system of ex-
emption laws existing in my own State succeed
I shall vote against the bill. I do not think
the people of my State or the people of any
other State will quietly endure the monstrous
injustice which would flow from such an enact-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. I will not, in the presence
of distinguished legal gentlemen in the Senate,
undertake to enter into a discussion of the con-
stitutional principle involved in this question,
which has already been discussed by Senators;
but 1 represent in part a State which has a
great interest in the pending provision. We
have in California an exemption law, as it is
termed, that provides for an exemption of
$5,000, or a homestead of that value to the
debtor, if a man of family, and I should dislike
very much to see Congress pass any act inter-
fering with the right of the people of that State
to make such a provision for the homesteads
of families the heads of which have been unfor-
tunate in business.
Without undertaking to express an opinion
on the subject, I incline to the belief that the
honorable chairman of the Judiciary Commit-
tee of this body is not correct in the point he
has raised as to the non-uniformity of the bill
without this amendment. I think the question
of uniformity does not go to the matter of the
amount exempted; but, on the contrary, the
State exemption is rather in the nature of a
police regulation in this, that what is exempt in
one State may not in any manner constitute a
sufficiency in another State. For instance, the
homestead exemption law of the State of Ver-
mont, as has been stated, sets apart in such a
case $500 worth of property, while in Califor-
nia the amount is $5,000 in value. The Cali-
fornia law was passed during the early history
of that State, when $5,000 worth of property
would go no further in providing a homestead
for a family than $500 would in the State of
Vermont; and, although things have equal-
ized in that State to a greater extent now than
at the date of the passage of that act, yet the
people of that State have become used to the
amount of this exemption, and there is no dis-
position that 1 know of at the present time in
that State to interfere with it or^o lessen the
amount. It is rather viewed as a wise enact-
ment, because the law making the exemption
$5,000 is a notice to all mankind, to every per-
son who deals with a citizen of California, that
that amount is exempt by law, and nobody
is cheated by it, nobody is injured, while an
amount sufficient for a homestead for the pro-
tection of the family is retained to the unfor-
tunate debtor.
Now, sir, who so wise, who so competent,
to determine how much shall constitute a suffi-
cient exemption as the local Legislature of each
State? Shall we assume that Congress can
provide here a uniform amount, no matter
what that amount may be, and determine that
it will be sufficient in the State of Vermont and
equally so in the State of California? Certainly
no person will contend that that could be done,
or that Congress could act wisely in such a
matter. So that the proposition goes to the
question whether or not there shall be an ex-
tension in favor of the family.
It appears clear to my mind, as I before ob-
served, that the exemption is more in the nature
of a police regulation, a local right that can be
more wisely and more directly exercised by
the Legislature of each State than it possibly
can be by Congress. I therefore incline to the
belief that the question of the uniformity of the
law is not involved in the provision that shall
be made for the debtor's family. I am very
free to say that as the bill came from the House,
without the amendment proposed, I shall vote
for it; but if the amendment be adopted I
cannot consent to vote for it, nor to repeal the
provision which the people of California have,
as I think wisely, made and which they feel
disposed to preserve.
The point made by the honorable Senator
from Indiana, that the bankrupt may proceed
in bankruptcy under the State bankrupt 1
and thereby not avail himself of the provisions
of this law, but avail himself of any provision
made by the State laws in the way of exemp-
tion to the family, loses its force entirely when
it is known that this is a compulsory bankrupt
law. It is both voluntary and compulsory.
Under this bill, as I understand it, if it shall
become a law, the creditors may-compel the
debtor into bankruptcy, and as a matter of
course the question arises at once as to the
power of the congressional or the State law,
so that When - proceedings in bankruptcy were
taken by virtue of State laws the debtor would
be entitled to One class of treatment in the dis-
position of his affairs, while if proceedings
were taken under this act, if it shall become a
law, he would be entitled to altogether another
disposition. I am not now advised whether
this bill- goes to the extent of repealing all
State laws on the subject of bankruptcy. I
presume not; but that if it passes it will be-
come the universal la%v t>f bankruptcy, or the
one most availed of, I think there need be
scarcely a doubt.
For the reasons presented I shall vote
against the amendment reported by the com-
mittee, and if it shall obtain, I shall feel com-
pelled to vote against the passage of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President-, there can
be no doubt as to the authority of Congress to
pass a bankrupt law, the power to do so being
in so many words conferred upon Congress;
and I do not understand as far as the debate
has gone, that the bill itself is objected to upon
any ground of expediency. In the present con-
dition of the country, growing out of the troubles
in which wc have been involved, it has seemed
to me from the first not only important but
actually humane to provide a system of bank-
ruptcy. I do not knowwhat are the debts now-
due by those who are unable to pay in that part
of the country'where for the most part debtors
are to be found: the debts no doubt are so
heavy and the debtors are to be found in al-
most every portion of the country, that it will
! be impossible for them to exercise their indus-
' try or have any motive to exercise their indus-
try or engage in any enterprise if everything
they may earn can be seized at once and they
be forced to poverty again. The only doubt,
therefore, as far as the debate has gone, as to
the propriety of passing this bill is because of
the provision of the fourteenth section which
the Judiciary Committee have reported should
be stricken out.
As the Senate, I believe, are already advised,
the members of the committee were not all of
them of J,hat opinion. I was one of the minor-
ity, and I will state now very briefly the ground
upon -which I supposed the section to be con-
stitutional.
The woriW laws" as found in the clause is
evidently meant as synonymous with the word
•'rule," as found in the same clause in rela-
tion to naturalization. Congress is authorized
"to establish a uniform rule of naturaliza-
tion and uniform laws on the subject of bank-
ruptcy." If the " rule" in the first case is to
operate everywhere in the same way, that is to
say if the rule is the same, the uniformity con-
templated by the Constitution in relation to
naturalization is accomplished; and for the
same reason if the bankrupt law which Con-
gress may pass operates alike as a law every-
where throughout the United States, the uni-
formity contemplated by the provision is ac-
complished.
The objection stated by my friend, the chair-
man of the committee, [Mr. Trumbull,] and
the honorable member from Indiana, [Mr.
Hendricks,] that the particular provision
shows that the law itself will not be uniform
in the sense of the constitutional clause, is not
that it is not the same law in each State of tho
Union if it shall pass, but because what maybe
recovered under it in one State will not be what
may be recovered under it in another State.
In the same section—and I do not understand
the Judiciary Committee or the chairman as
finding any fault with that provision; certainly
they have not recommended any change in
