1630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
upon that very subject over which you desire
to maintain control. Is not that plain and pal-
pable? Yon stipulate with a man whom von
have down and who is in your toils that if he
does so and so you will let him up. You stip-
ulate with the Geni who came out of the ves-
sel, that if he does so and so you will let him
out, and when he gets out he kicks the vessel
into the sea. That has always been the case ;
it is the case to-day. Who ever succeeded in
this career upon which the dominant majority
would hurry the minority of the nation to-day ?
Nobody; and if you do not succeed, then all
is lost. If, however, you take the lawful
course, the course which you have a right to
take, the course for which you made war,
stand under the flag which gave you victory
because you were right, you may maintain and
perpetuate this fabric, and you may have peace
and happiness under it. But go on with your
Utopian schemes and your expectation of
maintaining yourselves in political power, and
your expectation of turning your barbarian
man (who never did make anything on the
earth and who never can make anything in his
present form) into an American republican,
and making him one of the props and pillars
of a Government so complex as ours and so
dependent upon virtue, intelligence, and inde-
pendence in the people, and you simply invite
your ruin and open a gulf into which you will
inevitably fall and be swallowed up. "When
you make a bargain, stand upon it. When you
bring an action of covenant and get your dam-
ages, take them. When men do to you what
you demand of them, do not stop to inquire
for more. If you do you will perpetuate the
contest, and in the end, just as your demands
and exactions rise in the scale of injustice, just
in the same degree will you weaken yourselves.
Where are you now? You are here attempting
what?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Attempting to legislate.
Mr. COWAN. Attempting to legislate!
No. I will tell you what you are attempting
to do. You are attempting to achieve the im-
possible, and the impossible rises up before
you and stares you in the face with such a ter-
rible glare that you hesitate yourselves. The
House sends a bill here, passed with great
unanimity, and the Senate rises up and shrinks
back from the specter, modifies it, sends it
back in a modified form, and then it comes
back here in a still further modified form. If
there was nothing else to show the utter fallacy,
the utter futility, and the revolutionary tend-
ency of all these things, it is the multifarious
plans that have been devised here to achieve,
what? You want to restore the Union, you
feel that that is your duty; but how restore it?
There is, as I said before, only one way to
restore it, and that is to trust the people,
because they underlie the whole fabric. But
that is what you cannot bring yourselves to do.
Y'ou pretend that this sin of rebellion, this sin
of engaging in war against a Government,
which all nations of the earth have done over
and over and over again, is such a one as will
justify you in excluding the people who fell
into it from all political power, and then, what
is most singular, you are not safe with that,
but you propose to make yourself allies with a
parcel of barbarians, who, you are well aware,
know nothing about this Government, noth-
ing about its frame, its Constitution, its laws,
or the_ means necessary to secure and sustain
it. You persist in giving them the power, or
a very large portion of the power, in eight or
ten States of the Union.
All these difficulties make you hesitate ; and
well may you hesitate. Instead of quarreling
with the veto power you ought to get down on
your knees and thank God that it exists, and
pray for even more checks and balances. If
it had not beer, for the check and balance of
the United States Supreme Court yon would
have established military commissions in your
madness. You may think them very good
when they apply to your enemies, forgetting
that the next turn of fortune's wheel might
have made your own heads tumble into the
basket through the same agency. You ignore
all history, especially you ignore all English
history. You are shutting it up now and re-
fusing to listen to a single lessonthat.it teaches.
When you undertake to debase the franchise
and give it to such people as you propose to
give it to, you are departing from everything
which was taught you by your fathers, taught
you by your historians, taught you by your
teachers. To seek for safety, to seek for re-
conciliation, to seek for peace in that project,
of all others the wildest, the most destructive,
the one that has fewest arguments to support
it, is certainly unworthy an American Senate
in this age of the world. When before was
such a proposition heard of anywhere? When
before was it proposed to take the barbarian
emancipated slave and make him the arbiter
of the destinies of a Republic? Never on the
earth before did such an idea get into the heads
of men; or if it did, it never made a ripple
upon the great sea of social intelligence. No-
body paid the smallest attention to it. Here
it is: you hold in one hand tyranny, and you
hold in the other negro government; and you
ask the South to accept the one or the other.
If I were a southern man and lived in the
South, and you proposed to me your negro
government, the chance that I might be gov-
erned by negroes on the one hand, or that I
might be governed by your satraps, your mili-
tary brigadiers, and your Army, I would take
your Army a thousand times over. Who would
not? Would you not all do it? To which
could you appeal with the greatest show of
receiving justice? Your military tyrant could
of necessity have but few enemies; he could
have but a few upon whom he would desire to
avenge himself. But when you give political
power to an antipathic race, seated by every
fireside, intermingled intimately with society
everywhere, and make it your master, every
man of a different race is a slave; just as that
race under all conceivable circumstances are
slaves. We have emancipated the slave ; that
is the language ; but are these men less slaves
than they were before? Your proclamation
goes up every day from this Hall that they are
still slaves, because the slave is inside the man,
not outside of him. The slave is the man who
dares not achieve his liberty. Y'ou cannot
make a man free by legislative enactments;
you cannot eliminate the slave out from him;
that which made him a slave, which made him
submit to slavery, which made him agree to
wear chains and fetters, you cannot eliminate
that out of him by a statute upon your books
here. The race that submits to slavery will
be slaves if you relieve them from their indi-
vidual masters. It is only a change in that
respect. The individual master of the negro
who formerly owned him, who was then bound
to provide for him and to protect him to a cer-
tain extent, has now ceased his functions, and
in the room and stead of him there is the rule
of the community; and that community will
rule. Your enactments may provide to the
contrary, you may legislate as you please, but
to that complexion it will come at last. The
wise and the strong will govern, and the weak
must accept of their protection ; and it is bet-
ter that they should accept it than that they
should struggle by undue means to obtain that
equality, which, in the end, will prove far more
disastrous to them than if they had submitted
to the first fate that was allotted to them.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I'have lis-
tened to the congratulations sent by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to the Senator from
Ohio, and to those returned by the Senator
from Ohio to the Senator from Massachusetts,
and to those quite as cordial tendered to us all
by the Senator from Nevada; and I wanted
to indulge myself, in this season of mutual
congratulation, in a reflection which I cannot
deny affords me some encouragement. A year
ago. on the 10th day of January last, I intro-
duced a resolution into the Senate, and in sup-
port of that resolution I tried to persuade the
Senate that these organizations which had been
manufactured mainly by the President of the
United States, and were strutting in the char-
acter of State governments, dottn between the
Potomac and the Gulf, are illegal and unau-
thorized in point of law; and then I tried to
persuade the Senate that they did not answer
the purposes of a government at all since they
did not furnish protection to life or liberty or
property, which I understand to be the legiti-
mate purposes of governments. Therefore
my resolution proposed it as the duty of the
Congress of the United States to establish
provisional governments for all those communi-
ties. It was regarded as a pretty bold measure ;
it came very near fastening upon me for life
the stigma of a radical; but I have survived ;
and to-day there is upon your table a bill which
has received the assent of more than two thirds
of this Senate and almost three fourths of the
House of Representatives, declaring in terms
precisely what I tried to demonstr^e by argu-
ment, that these governments are illegal, and
that they do not furnish protection to life or
property. And although the bill on your table
does not declare in the language of the reso-
lution I introduced that it is the duty of Con-
gress to set aside those governments and or-
ganize provisional governments in their place,
your bill does declare that those governments
shall be accepted as provisional governments,
nothing more or less.
Now, Mr. President, this asserts the only
three propositions that I ever was inclined to
insist upon : first, that those organizations were
illegal; second, thatthey were ineffectual for any
good purpose ; third, that it is the business and
the duty of the Congress of the United States
to remedy that evil, and that the way to remedy
it is by putting provisional governments, gov-
ernments whose authority emanates from the
Congress of the United States, in charge of
those communities, and holding those provis-
ional governments responsible to the legislative
authority of the nation.
These propositions have received the assent,
as I said, of large majorities in both Houses of
Congress. I ought to be content, and measur-
ably I am content with this progress. I am not
entirely content, because I would not have ac-
cepted those governments as provisional gov-
ernments. I think those people themselves,
if called upon to select provisional governors
or establish provisional governments, would
suit themselves and suit the country better than
they have in the style of government which we
see existing there. But, then, very few human
governments answer the purposes for which
they were created. It is enough for me to
know to-day that we have at last come to the
conclusion that those governments have no
authority inherent, and can have none which
is not sanctioned by the legislative authority of
the nation.
I feel regret, in view of this declaration, that
wo had not adopted it long ago. If those gov-
ernments are illegal now, they were illegal in
January, I860. Nothing has transpired since
to make them illegal. If they were illegal then
or are illegal now, they are simply nullities;
and if they do not discharge the "duty which
is incumbent upon all governments—the duty
of giving protection to life and property—
then they are criminal; and having declared
that they are both null in law and criminal in
conduct I think the legitimate conclusion is,
that they ought to be passed aside, turned into
the abyss of things which were : ought to be dis-
pensed with altogether; that we ought not to
employ them nor sufl'er them to be employed
in the work of Government. I would organ-
ize provisional governments in their stead;
civil tribunals to some extent, responsible to
the people. There is no difficulty, in my opin-
ion, in employing the whole people of those
communities in the work of making laws for
the time being, it you reserve to the Congress
of the United States the right to veto a law
which operates oppressively upon anv portion
of the people.
And, Mr. President, if the idea which I had
in my mind when I offered that resolution had
been acted upon, every one of those comma-
