1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
The Secretary read as follows:
Provided, That this act shall not'take effect except
upon the fundamental condition that within the State
of Nebraska there shall be no denial of the eloetive
franchise or of any other rights to any person by rea-
son of race or color. And upon the farther funda-
mental condition that the Legislature of said State,
by a solemn public act. shall deelare the assent of
said State tj the said fundamental condition, and
shall transmit to the President of the United States
an authentic copy of said aet, upon receipt whereof
the President, by proclamation, shall forthwith an-
nounce the fact, whereupon said fundamental con-
dition shall be- held as a part of the organic law of
the State, and thereupon, and without any further
proceeding."oji the part of Congress, the admission
of said State into the Union shall be considered as
complete. Said State Legislature shall be convened
by the territorial Governor within thirty days after
the passage of this act.
Mr. WILSON. The Missouri aet of 1821
submitted the question, not to the people of
Missouri, but to the Legislature, and if that
aet had any binding force, this ia equally bind-
ing. If we have the power to submit it to the
people, we have the power to submit it to the
Legislature, and their decision will be as valid
as the decision of the people. It would be
inconvenient, especially at this season of the
year, to call together the people of that great
Territory to pass upon this proviso. The
Legislature is already elected, may be called
together in a few days and pass upon the sub-
ject. The question may be settled, and settled
before the 4th of March next, so that the dele-
gation from this new State may take their seats
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Now, sir, I desire to say that I have none of
that feeling referred to by the Senator from
Maryland, as existing at the time of the forma-
tion of the Constitution in the eastern States,
and I do not think that the people I represent
entertain any sort of jealousy toward the people
of the West or the new States of the Union.
We of the East regard them rather as our
children ; and we hope they will be wiser and
better and more prosperous than we are. „ I
wish to see young Nebraska in the Union as
one of our sister States. I am content with
her boundaries, with her population, and es-
pecially content with the political sentiments
and opinions of her people. She has sent to
represent her on this floor gentlemen of talent
and of character, patriotic and liberty-loving
men, and I desire that at the earliest moment
they shall become members of this Lody. ■
Mr. President, when the question came up
at the last session of the admission of Colorado
into the Union I felt as strong a repugnance as
anybody could feel against this word "white"
she had incorporated into her constitution. It
came up at a critical time in the history of the
country. I saw then very clearly that the Pres-
ident of the United States, and more especially
the men who were about him and around him,
and to whose beguiling voices he listened, were
determined to make a rupture between the
Executive and Congress. I felt the importance
of these three years of power intrusted to us to
settle the great questions before the country, for
the complete restoration of the country on the
solid basis of the equal rights and privileges of
all men. I saw clearly that when the contest
should come we should haive a contest that
would try Congress and stir the country to its
profoundest depths. I thought it was the part
alike of patriotism and of wisdom to prepare
for it, to keep ourselves always right, and if
the President chose to put himself in the wrong
to keep him in the wrong. That policy was
generally pursued. Congress kept itself in the
right, the President put himself in the wrong,
and the country has pronounced between the
Executive and Congress, has rebuked the for-
mer and exalted the latter. I saw, too, that in
this body the Executive appeared to have too
many followers and too much power. It was
apparent that the friends of impartial freedom
were doomed to defeat if executive power could
seduce or intimidate. At any rate it was not
the friends of the country who were to have the
control of this body and the Government.
Although I was strongly opposed to this word
"white" I thought it better for the great cause
of the country, the cause of liberty, the cause
of the emancipated bondman, that Colorado
should be admitted and that her votes should
give the friends of freedom and the country the
control of the Senate of the United States.
Her Senators ware tried and true, and their
votes would give us the power to override the
executive vetoes. Had the Senators from Col-
orado been admitted the bill giving manhood
suffrage, pure and simple, would have passed-
at the last session. I knew then, as I know
now, that we could not have passed the bill
giving manhood suffrage in this District with-
out the admission of the Senators from Colo-
rado, and that with their votes sure for that
great measure it w'ould have, been enacted.
Anxious to carry that meaflri;e—a measure I
had publicly pledged should- .pass at that ses-
sion—I strove to achieve it by the votes of the
Senators from Colorado. ^
For more than thirty years I have never
given a vote, at home or abroad, for the elec-
tion of any man or for the support of any
measure that I have not asked myself what the
effect would be upon the great cause of equal,
universal, and impartial liberty in my country.
Acting ever under a vow made here in this
Capitol thirty years ago, I have always subor-
dinated polititical organizations, public men,
and public measures to the overshadowing
issues growing out of the existence of slavery,
the domination of the slave power, and the
rights and privileges of the African race. Act-
uated by the sentiment of impartial freedom
for all of every color and race, resolved to use
all the means sanctioned by law and humanity
to secure equality of rights for all, and to make
my country a great Christian Republic, I have
aided in pulling down and building up political
organizations, and in making public measures
contribute to the advancement of the great
cause. Perhaps I have erred in action—never,
I am sure, have I erred in intention or pur-
pose. Looking back upon these thirty years of
active life, I do not remember more than one
vote I would change to-day if I had the power.
But, sir, by the course of events our power
in the Senate is now assured, and after the
4th of March next will be quite as strong as it
is now. I need not state, for we all know how
our numbers have increased until now we have
a clear, undoubted two-thirds vote here upon
all leading questions that may arise. The ne-
cessity under pressure of which I acted at the
last session has passed away. Satisfied to ad-
mit Colorado and Nebraska, always excepting
that word "white," that stained their consti-
tution, I gave voice and vote to their aefmission
to secure for the holy cause for which we are
struggling the control of the Senate. That
control has been otherwise secured. The com-
manding necessity under which I then acted
exists no longer. Then the admission of these
young States in spite of this odious word
"white" seemed to me to be demanded by
the needs of the periled country; now their
admission with this word "white," it seems
to me, is not demanded by the needs of the
country.
I am as desirous as anybody can be to wel-
come these young States into the Union. I am
as desirous as anybody can be that Nebraska
should be represented here ; but, I repeat, the
necessity that controlled my vote at the last
session has passed, and I believe that we can
and should impose the condition nowproposed.
The Legislature elected in that State can be
called together in a few days ; the Legislature
can pronounce upon this question, and in a very
brief time Nebraska will be in the Union.
A bill has passed the House of Representa-
tives by an immense majority and is now pend- -
ing before the Senate, to give suffrage without
distinction of color in the Territories of the
United States. We must and should actupon
that bill. I shall vote for it with all my heart.
The admission of this State at this time with-
out imposing this condition upon her and then
the passage of that bill would put us in a false
position before the country. The passage of
that territorial bill will confer suffrage upon
the colored men of Nebraska; the uncondi-
tional admission of that new State will for a
time take suffrage from them. No loyal man
in possession of suffrage shall ever say to me,
"You, sir, robbed me of my rights."
I have come to the conclusion, sir, that be-
fore the_4th of March the constitutional amend-
ment will have been adopted by the country;
but whether it be adopted or not, tlaere is one
thing very clear to my mind as a duty that we
cannot shun, in my opinion we areneglecting
it now, and that is, to take the governments of
these rebel States out of the hands of the
rebels. They have no business with the gov-
ernments of those States. It is a betrayal of
the cause of the country to put the govern-
ments of those States into their hands, or to
continue the governments of those States" in
their hands. Whether we call them States or
Territories, one thing is clear: the loyal peo-
ple, black and white, of those States should
be protected in life, liberty, and property, and
we are bound to protect them. The disloyal
men have no right to any share or part in the
governments of those States'and should at once
be dismissed from the places they have usurped
through the weakness or treachery of the
President. Before the 4th of March we must
take the governments of these rebel States
out of the hands of disloyal men. I am anx-
ious for the passage of this bill with this
amendment, that this question may be submit-
ted to the Legislature, that the Legislature
may agree to it, and that her Senators may be
here to aid in the good work before us. .
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts that he.amend
his proposed substitute by inserting after the
word "color" the words "excepting Indians
not taxed," because it will be impossible for
me to vote to allow every person, including the
wild and untamed Indians of Nebraska, equal
rights and privileges in that Territory. With
that amendment my objection to it would be
greatly modified.
Mr. WILSON. If permitted to do so, I will
modify my amendment so as to except Indians
not taxed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can so modify his amendment.
Mr. WILSON. _ Then I ask the Clerk to
make that change in it.
The PRESIDIN G OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the amendment moved
by the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan]
to the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Brown.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
whether he really intends in the Territory or
the State of Nebraska to have the Indians vote
or not.
Mr. WILSON. I have just made a modifi-
cation of my amendment so as to exclude
untaxed Indians.
Mr. WILLIAMS. "Excepting Indians not
t&2i0cl ''
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to say that he is strong
in the belief that the constitutional amend-
ment which is now pending will be adopted by
the States before the 4th of March next. The
Senator from Massachusetts voted for that con-
stitutional amendment, which was submitted
to all the States. I wish to inquire of him
whether it is his understanding that the faith
of Congress is pledged, in case the constitu-
tional amendment is adopted by the States of
the South, that they are entitled then to be rep-
resented. I understood the honorable Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Wade] to state most distinctly
that he understood that to be the pledge which
was given on the part of Congress, while the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] in-
sists that no such pledge was given. I should
like to know how the other Senator from Mas-
sachusetts understands that; whether if those
States vote for the amendment they are to be
entitled to have representation.
Mr. WADE. This testis frequently applied
to us, and I am very frequently quoted, and
rather at short hand. I want it to be nndcr-
