1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$55
the result of a conclusion, and it cannot be
determined by exceptional questions.
Mr. DAVIS. My own opinion upon this
point is, that Congress has 110 competence or
power to pass any bankrupt bill that is not
uniform, and that a clause adopting the vari-
ous systems of exemptions of property from
execution in satisfaction of debts by the dif-
ferent States would establish a system not uni-
form, and that it would consequently have the
effect of vitiating and rendering void the whole
law. I have no doubt that Congress may ex-
empt what property it pleases in a bankrupt
law in favor of the bankrupt, but the system
of exemptions ought to be uniform through-
out all the States according to my understand-
ing of the requisition of the Constitution.
There cannot be a system of exemptions
amounting to $500 in one State and $5,000
in another State in a constitutional bankrupt
law. If gentlemen want a bankrupt law, and
at the same time a reservation of exemptions
from execution and satisfaction of debt by
State laws, tliey must in the bankrupt law
make a uniform provision to cover such ex-
emptions, and I think that unless they adopt
that course the law will not be uniform and
constitutional. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) Is the Senate ready for the
question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the yeas and nays
have not been called I ask for them on this
question?
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish the question may
be again stated, so that it may be clearly un-
derstood. In my opinion it is a subject of
great importance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was on page 17, section fourteen, after the word
"States," in line one hundred and twenty-
seven, to strike out the following clause :
And such other property not included in the fore-
going exceptions as is exempted from levy and salo
upon execution by the laws of the State in which the
bankrupt has his domicile at the time of commence-
ment oftho proceedings in bankruptcy, to ;tn amount
notexceeding^ that allowed by such State exemption
laws in forco in the yoar 1864.
Mr. HOWARD. If this clause shall bo
stricken out, then it will follow thai all the ex-
emption laws of the several States and every
clause of every State constitution which se-
cures an exemption from seizure of the prop-
erty of a debtor on final process, will, if the
construction given it by the Judiciary Com-
mittee bo sound, be ipso facto repealed. In
my State we have settled and fixed the right
of the owner of property to an exemption from
filial process by incorporating it in the consti-
tution itself of the State. The people of that
State have inserted in their fundamental law
a provision that—
" The personal property of every resident of this
State, to consist of such property only as shall be
designated by law, shall bo exempted to the amount
of not less than $500 from sale on execution or other
final process of any court, issued for the collection
of any debt contracted after the adoption of this con-
stitution."
The exemption of personal piuperty cannot,
be less in value than $500 under the consti-
tution of the State. Again, the constitution
declares:
" Every homestead of not exceeding forty acres of
liind.andthedwelling-house thereon, and the appur-
tenances, to be selected by the owner thereof, and
not included in any town, plat, city, or village; or
instead thereof, at the option of the owner, any lot
in any city, village, or recorded town plat, or such
parts of lots as shall be equal thereto, and the dwell-
ing-house thcreop,andits appurtenances, owned ami
occupied by any resident of the State, not exceeding
in value SI,500, shall be exempt from forced, sale on
execution, or any other final process from a court,
for any debt contracted after tho adoption of this
constitution. Sach exemption shall not extend to
any mortgage thereon lawfully obtained, but such
mortgage or other alienation of sncli land by the
owner thereof, if a married man, shall not be valid
without the signature of the wife to the same."
So that as to the homestead in my State it
cannot be mortgaged or in any way alienated
by the husband who is the owner of the land
during the life of his wife without her consent;
and the same constitutiqn provides that this
homestead shall not be sola for the payment
of the debts of the deceased until after all his
children shall have become of age. We have
laid this principle of a reasonable, fair exemp-
tion from sale uj>on ex&cution deep in the
foundations of society.
Now, sir, I cannot consent to disturb that
arrangement. I presume that similar pro-
visions are in force in other States. I hold it
to be the right of each'State, in the exercise of
its constitutional authority, to regulate all these
matters of domestic, internal police, and that
Congress have no power whatever to interfere
or disturb them. I would not attempt it. I
cannot therefore vote to strike out this clause
of the bill, because it would stand as an evi-
dence that I had yielded my opinion upon the
effect of the constitution and upon tho rights
of the several States. I do not wish to invite
a multitude of law suits to test the question in
every case where a bankrupt is proceeding to
obtain the benefit of the act; and such will bo
one of tho direct consequences of striking out
this clause. You will invite innumerable law
suits, controversies between creditors and the
wives and children of bankrupts; and my pre-
diction is, that if this clause shall be stricken
out, the law will in the course of live years, if it
shall last so long, be as odious to the commu-
nity generally as any act ever passed by Con-
gress.
Mr. President, I remember quite well how
great a clamor was raised for the passage of
the bankrupt act in 1841. Congress, yielding
to what they supposed to be the honest desires
of the people, enacted a bankrupt law. My
friend from Indiana [Mr. Lane] will recollect
it very well. We were both present in the
other House and voted for it; and within about
one year from the time wo enacted that law
the same Congress repealed it. It is possible
this bill may be an improvement upon the act
of 1841; but my own experience under that act
was such, in the course of my professional
practice, as to create in my mind a very strong
distrust of the value of any general bankrupt
law that could be passed by Congress. I do
not say that I shall vote against the present
bill should the Senate not strike out this
clause and should they retain another clause
which I propose to strike out when we reach
it. We ought to move carefully. There is no
commercial interest in this country that is not
to be affected by it if it shall become a law.
There is not a family in the land, nor an indi-
vidual, who will not in some degree feel it, and
in uncounted cases feel it most sensibly and
deeply.
I hope, sir, this clause will be retained.
Let us endeavor to preserve to the citizens of
the various States some little vestige of the
privileges and immunities which their own
State Legislatures and people have seen fit to
grant them, and do not let us throw the whole
property of the debtor class throughout the
United States into the immense vortex of bank-
ruptcy, to be administered upon, and, in most
cases, as it will turn out, utterly wasted and
destroyed in the course of the proceeding.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is it in order to amend
the lines proposed to be stricken out before the
vote is taken on striking out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is.
Mr. HENDERSON. I propose to amend,
then, by striking out in tho thirty-second and
thirty-third lines the words " in the year 1804''
and inserting "at the time when such proceed-
ing shall have been commenced."
Mr. POLAND. I hope the Senator will with-
draw his amendment for the present. I should
myself be in favor of the amendment that he
proposes; but the question now stands upon
the principle: whether we shall adopt the State
exemptions. He can amend it afterward if it
is retained. This amendment is to strike out
merely.
Mr. HENDERSON.
My only objefit was
this: if it is to be adopted at all, it should be
adopted so as to have 
_Mr. POLAND. The Senator's amendment
will be in order afterward, if the clause be not
stricken out.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not wish to inter-
fere.
Mr. POLAND. I hope the vote will be taken
on the amendment to strike out the clause.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Missouri withdraw his motion to
amend?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the farmers,
mechanics, and laboring men of the country
have very little interest, I take it, in the pas-
sage of this bill. It is intended for the aid of
men engaged in business in some form who have
been unfortunate. If it was to operate in the
future, I would not care how largo the amount
of property was that was to be exempted. If
it was intended by exempting a large amount
of property to discourage men from getting in
debt, I think it would be a great blessing to the
country ; for I look upon credits, as a general
rule, in this country as one of the greatest evils
that afflict it, and especially for the jjoung men
of the country, who are apt to run in debt for
their daily living. I should be perfectly will-
ing that any one who gave that kind of credit
should rest solely and entirely upon the good
faith and the character of the person he trusted,
and have no advantages of law of any kind to
aid him in it. But, sir, I wish to inquire whether
it would be in order to move to strike out all
after the words "United States," in the twenty-
fourth line, down to the word "provided," in
the thirty-third line, which is the clause pro-
posed to be stricken out by the committee, and
to insert an amendment covering the part pro-
posed to bo stricken out and a portion of the
other?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho Chair
thinks it would.
Mr. WILSON. I make the motion then to
strike out those words and to insert:
And a homestead or other property not exceeding
in valuo $2,000.
That will include furniture and wearing ap-
parel.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is all exempted
now by this section.
Mr. WILSON. I know, but in addition this
amendment will give a homestead or other
property not exceeding in value $2,000. I
think that wiil be little enough and will make
it uniform throughout the country ; and if we
have got any persons in the country who are
entitled to hold property to the amount of sev-
eral thousands of dollars under State laws it
seems to me they should surrender that right
to a certain extent to enaUe us to get a uni-
form law.
Mr. McDOUGALL. What might make a
home in one place might not make it in an-
other.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of making
a homestead exemption in this law. I see the
difficulty in the way of striking out the clause
and not saying anything about the homestead
or providing that it shall be regulated by State
laws. At the same time the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts is not suffi-
ciently definite. We have a homestead ex-
emption law in Ohio and there are many cases
arising under it that have come to my knowl-
edge. Take this case: suppose the homestead
on which a man resides is worth $2,500 ;
would you deprive him entirely of the home-
stead, or would you sell it and pay him the
$2,000, or allow him to keep it and require
him to pay interest on the excess? There arc
many cases of that kind that ought to be pro-
vided for if the Senate adopt this principle.
Now, there are cases where the State laws
make a distinction between lands. _ If the
homestead is in the country, or agricultural
land, you must limit the number of acres of
landj you cannot limit its value very well. So
that, if this principle is adopted, the bill itself
ought to be recommitted to the Judiciary Com-
