1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1631
nities would now have representation in the
Congress of the United States. They could
not have had Senators and Representatives
here, because those can only be accorded to
States under the Constitution ; but they could
have had Delegates here, representatives to
speak for and advocate the interests of those
several communities, although not clothed with
the authority to vote in the enactment of Fed-
eral laws. And that, I conceive, would not
have been a great advantage to those commu-
nities, and would have been of great advan-
tage to us. That advantage they have lost; and
that advantage we have lost, because, as it
seems to me, that idea was not accepted and
put in force at that time.
But, Mr. President, this is all I care to say
by way of self-congratulation, and perhaps
more than I ought to have said. I wish to
touch very briefly upon one other point which
has been dwelt upon at length in the course of
this debate by different Senators. The allega-
tions contained in this preamble are both de-
nied. Senators on the other side of the Cham-
ber say these governments are not illegal, and
they deny the allegation that they do not furnish
protection to life and property. The legality
of those governments I am not about to re-
argue ; it has been stated over and over again,
and I have never heard the statements upon
which that allegation is predicated overthrown ;
and I not only have never heard them over-
thrown, but I have never known them to be
met. Our authority under the Constitution to
set aside those organizations is just as plainly
given in the Constitution, in my judgment, as
our authority to levy taxes or to raise armies
or to maintain navies. It is the other denial i
that I propose to notice for a moment.
At last we find representatives of the Amer-
ican people here in either House of Congress
affirming that these governments do answer
the legitimate purposes of government, that
they do furnish protection to life and liberty ; !
and we have heard Senators go further than that, j
and affirm that every pretense to the contrary j
was a malignant fabrication circulated for the ;
purpose of misguiding the public judgment and
inflaming the public passions. This is a pretty !
important issue, and it is very clearly made. I
have believed as firmly as I ever believed any-
thing that these governments did not furnish
adequate protection to property or life. If I am
mistaken in that conviction I shall be gratified,
and shall be grateful to any man who will dis-
abuse me of the impression. I do not wish to
arraign any great portion of my fellow-citizens
as guilty of unjust or deliberately inhuman
conduct, but I cannot believe, in spite of the
solemn assertions which I have heard repeated
here over and over again, that I am at all mis-
taken. When gentlemen tell me that these
communities are as thoroughly subjugated as
ever a people were I confess that I have not
been able to see the evidence of it, and I have
some evidence to the contrary in my pocket.
Mr. President, if these communities were
subjugated; if they had done anything more
to evidence their submission than the mere
laying down of their arms and abandoning
for the present the contest of force; if they
had in fact given up the controversy in support
of which they had embroiled this whole land
in war, and drenched it in blood, we should
see the evidence of it in their common conver-
sation as well as in their everyday conduct; it
would be exhibited in their newspapers; it
would be exhibited in the daily speech of their
people, and you would find evidence of it in
their legislation and in their laws. I have
looked in each of these directions for this evi-
dence, and I have not found it, but I have
found what to me seemed conclusive evidence
of the contrary.
A short time since some one sent me the
prospectus of a new paper about to be started
in Richmond, in Virginia. A man proposes
to publish a paper to make money out of it,
and he cannot hope to make money by the
publication of that paper unless he can sell it,
and he cannot hope to sell it unless there is a
reading community about him disposed to buy
and pay for such sentiments and such ideas as
he proposes to disseminate through his paper;
and therefore I have read, and propose to read
to the Senate, a couple of extracts from the
prospectus to see What kind of ideas he pro-
poses to sell in that community. He says:
"I propose to make this paper a true exponent of
southern"—
not American, but southern—
"thought and sentiment, and shall give to it, as its
most appropriate title, tho name of The Southern
Opinion. Committing it to the support of no partic-
ular set of men or measures, I pledge it unreservedly
to the South, in all her manifold interests, traditions,
customs, and affcctions. While The Southern Opin-
ion shall advocatcsuch obedience to the Constitution
and the laws as has been promised by the people of
the South*'—
not such as is due from the people of the whole
country, but snch "as has been promised by
the people of the South''—
"and shall support the reconstruction policy of Pres-
ident Johnson as the only means by which the coun-
try _can_ be saved from the savage and bloody rule of
radicalism, it will accept the Yankee as a fact, and
logically and forever as a foe; whether in war or
peace, or in the field or forum, or the Legislature,
always an enemy. There is a mutual and an inex-
tinguishable hate between the Yankee and the South-
erner; whenever and wherever they meet they will
meet as foes at heart; and this ieeling will live as
long as there are two men on earth to bear it toward
each other."
It seems to me that a people who have really
submitted to the verdict of the war, had not
only consented to lay down their arms but to
abandon the controversy in which they took
up those arms would not care^to establish
among them a periodical devoted to the work
of perpetuating that struggle. Further on in
the prospectus the editor says:
" In the first number of the paper, in addition to
other attractive original matter of the same charac-
ter, there will be a full and accurate description of
'Stonewall' Jackson's tomb and its surroundings,
together with a prize poem commemorative of the
valor, sufferings and sacrifices, of the confederate
soldiers. The first number will also contain a true
account of the health and general condition of our
beloved ex-President, Jefferson Davis, whose wrongs
but tho more endear him to the hearts of his people,
and whose greatness of soul seems to expand under
the infliction of the torture and cruelty visited upon
him while ironed and in a dungeon, by his brutal
Yankee jailers."
Mr. President, that is only a proposition to
publish a newspaper devoted to the advocacy of
those sentiments. I hold in my hand a news-
paper actually being published and dissemina-
ted, not in Virginia, and but for one circum-
stance I should not think of holding the people
of Virginia or the people of any of these rebel
districts responsible for the sentiments I am
about to read from this newspaper because it is
published in my own State; it purports to be
an advocate of the sentiments which animate
the party in opposition to the Congress of the
United States and the Government of the Uni-
ted States ; it pretends to be an exponent of the
principles and of the views which animate the
Democratic party. And yet I shall read it, and
I shall hold for certain reasons, which I will
state subsequently, these very communities who
are said to be thoroughly subjugated and to have
abandoned the whole controversy responsible j
for the sentiments I find here. It says; j
"There is life in the land yet. There is a growing
sense of honor coming upon the stage of life. If the
South is out of tho Union her secession acts were
right and a success. If she went out we have no
business with her back again except on such terms as
she may propose. If she is in the Union her people j
are now, to-day, entitled to representation in Con-
gress. The people of the South have paid enough, !
have suffered enough, have been wronged enough,
have lost enough, have given up enough, given up
all but their honor, and if they now give that up at 1
the command of Congress or tho threat of cowards i
they deserve to be slaves and wearthegalling chains
of servitude till doomsday."
Again, it says:
"We are in earnest"—
Another earnest man!
" We are in earnest. There are of us in the North
who demand equality of States; equal taxation and
domestic tranquillity. There are two million Dem-
ocrats in the North who will never bow tho neck to
Abolition bondage and a centralized despotism.
There are of us in the North whose veins are full of
blood; whose hearts never knew fear; whose faith is
in Democracy; whose hope is in the people. We
demand that now the war is over and the Union
restored the people of every State shall have a fair
voice in affairs. If the South wants to preserve her
honor, wants her voice in the next presidential cam-
paign, she shall have it and that as she now stands,
without adopting any so-called amendments, or we
will redden the land with blood and obscure the
northern sky with smoke—will drive the traitors of
the North beyond Plymouth rock and win back the
law, liberty, and heritage left us by patriotic sires or
die in the attempt, freemen instead of slaves."
Let no one say that these are the rantir gs
of a madman; these are the sentiments of an
editor publishing a paper for sale and selling
it; nay, he tells us just to what extent he finds
a market for it, and in this very number which
I hold in my hand he says:
"The La Crosse Weekly Democrat was published
during the war with a circulation of but six quires.
It refused the bribes of Abolitionists; it defied the
tyrants in power; it hadforits defense ' Xi3scTalioni9;f
it was bold when others bent to the blast; it was born
in obscurity, raised in poverty and continual danger,
and now has a circulation thirty times larger than
any English paper published in this city or in this
congressional district; has a circulation greater than
all theKnglish weekly papers in Milwaukeo, and a
larger circulation than all the other Democratic papers
of Wisconsin combined,
"AVe refer in this connection to the postmaster of
this city, Leonard Lottridge, a Republican in-polities,
to our business meu generally, and to our mailing
l>oolcs, which are open for inspection at any and all
times.
" We send papers now to over four thousand post
offices in the United States and Territories, and have
subscribers in every State and Territory in the Union.
And every subscriber pays in advance, and his paper
is discontinued the moment his subscription expires."
And in this connection I have to say that I
was told in that same city of La Crosse last
fall that this paper was not supported to any
considerable extent by the community in which
it is published, but that the great bulk of its
issue was sent off and circulatecHn those very
communities which we are now told have ac-
cepted all the fruits of the recent victory. Mr.
President, when those communities purchase
and pay for such sentiments, when they de-
clare that they are the irreconcilable and eter-
nal foes of the Yankees, and include in that
designation those who have administered the
Government since 1861, I think we are called
upon to distrust the accuracy of the informa-
tion of those who say that they are thoroughly
content with the issue of the late struggle.
But, Mr. President, this is only evidence of
the opinion of individuals ; it does not clearly
establish the fact, but what in spite of those
opinions, their governments do furnish protec-
tion to life and to property, and upon that point
I wish to say one word. I have in my hand a
slip cut from a Memphis paper, very brief but
very suggestive. Let me read it:
" Went the Whole IIog.—Henry Thompson, astout,
able-bodied, greasy-looking nig, was yesterday ar-
rested and taken before Squire Hall on a charge of
having stolen and killed a hog weighing two hun-
dred pounds. Thompson not being able to satisfac-
torily prove that such was not the case, was bound
over in the sum of $1,000 to await a hearing at the
next term of the criminal court."
This is published in the police reports of the
city of Memphis. That I know is not in one
of the States included in this bill. Tennessee
has a government which we have ceased to re-
gard as a provisional government. It has a
government which we have acknowledged to be
the government of a State. We made that ac-
knowledgment because we believed it could more
adequately protect property and life than any
government representing the people of any one
of the other of those lately rebellious districts;
and yet there in Memphis not only is a man
held to bail in the sum of $1,000 for stealing a
hog, but he is held to bail simply because he
could not prove satisfactorily that he did not
do it, and that is published in the papers of
the city, not as an extraordinary, but as an
ordinary instance of the administration of jus-
tice. It attracts no comment in the way of dis-
sent, but seems to be by the papers fully ap-
proved. That, however, is only evidence as to
the conduct of a single tribunal, and that a
judicial tribunal; but that it is not a solitary
case I feel warranted in asserting upon testi-
mony which my colleague introduced here the
other day and read for the instruction of the
Senate. He took it upon himself to vindicate
the action of those governments in those sev-
