1632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
eral communities; and in their vindication he
read a letter written to him, as he stated, by a
citizen of Texas, formerly a resident of Wis-
consin, a Mr. Willard, who was aa officer, as
he tells us, at one time in the Army of the Uni-
ted States. These tjiets, that he once lived in
Wisconsin and that He now lives in Texas, and
that he once served in the Union Army, alto-
gether, do not convince ine that we are ab-
solutely safe in relying upon his testimony.
There were men in the Army before the war
commenced who deserted the Army and de-
serted the cause and went over to the enemy.
There may have been some who have deserted
and gone over to the enemy since the war. I
do not know that Mr. Willard is one of these,
and I will not stop to inquire, for I raise no
question whatever upon the accuracy of the
statement he has made here.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the Senator will allow
me, I wish to say that I am informed by per-
sons who are acquainted with this man Willard
that he was a clerk in the Treasury Department
here a year or two ago, and was then known as
a venomous Copperhead, a man who was con-
stantly abusing Congress for its course in ref-
erence to the southern States.
Mr. HOWE. The information does not
shock me. I am not sure that I had not some
suspicion of the kind, but that suspicion was
not grounded at all upon any statements con-
tained in his letter. Standing upon his letter
alone, admitting it to be true, I arraign that
government of Texas as a foul blot upon our
history and upon the administration of human
justice in this country. And what were the
recitals in that letter ? It is not before me, but
I cannot forget them. I have not seen them,
my eye has not rested upon them since they
were put in print; I only heard them as pro-
nounced by the lips of my colleague ; and what
were they? These: that a man by the name
of Jones had a difficulty with one of the colored
men in his employment; '• had a difficulty"—
not a word of explanation as to the character
of that difficulty, not a word or an insinuation
that the colored man was more at fault than
Jones ; but he had a difficulty; and in the
succinct, concise terms of the letter, he said
that he would put an end to the difficulty.
How? By calling on his son to shoot the
negro. Am I mistaken ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It went on to say that
there was a difficulty between the father and
the negro. The letter did not go into full
particulars whether there had been a fight or
not, but it said the son came and settled the
difficulty by shooting the negro ; not that the
father called on the son to shoot him, but that
the son came and settled the difficulty by
shooting him.
Mr. HOWE. The letter can be found; but
I am confident I have stated it correctly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My colleague will find
himself mistaken as to that point.
Mr. HOWE. If some gentleman will refer
to the letter I shall certainly correct myself if
I find I am wrong; but I think I cannot be
mistaken in saying that the letter stated that
the father put an end to the difficulty by call-
ing on the son to shoot the negro. At all events,
the son shot the negro to put an end to the
difficulty. He was arrested. My colleague
says he was tried. I think he ought to have
been. The letter says that the court charged
the jury to find according to the evidence; and
the letter specifies that the judge had been a
slaveholder, had believed in the divinity of
slavery, and the writer seemed to think it a
 >ost miraculous thing that such a judge should
charge a jury trying a man for the crime of
murder to find according to the evidence.
Could he have instructed them in any other
way? But the jury did find, what? A ver-
dict of guilty; and upon that verdict the judg-
ment of the court was pronounced. And what
was the judgment? That that young man,
having shot down a man in cold blood, should
be sentenced to five years' confinement in the
penitentiary. There is not an intimation in
the letter that that sentence was ever execu-
ted; there is not an intimation in the letter
that the man ever lay in jail a day. But the
fact to which I wish to call attention is, that
the father has not been arrested. I do not
think that five years' imprisonment in a peni-
tentiary is adequate punishment for the crime
of murder. It would not be so considered in
any of the States which any of us represents ;
and no such judgment would t>e pronounced,
and no such judgment would be tolerated. But
I will not delay longer on this. It is only a
single instance of what I think very delinquent i
conduct on the part of a single tribunal, and ;
that a judicial tribunal in the State of Texas. I
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow j
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly. 1
Mr. HENDRICKS. If he thinks that single
case in Texas casts a foul blot upon the State, ;
what does the Senator think of that case which j
recently occurred in Chicago, where a courte- !
san killed a man because he loved another ;
woman better than herself; coolly and deliber-
ately killed him, and being tried by a jury,
was found guilty of manslaughter, and sen-
tenced to one year in the penitentiary, and the
Governor of that State pardoned her within a
month?
Mr. HOWE and Mr. TRUMBULL rose.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator from Illinois
prefers to answer I will yield to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the Senator from
Indiana has now for the second time brought
before the Senate the trial of a harlot in
Chicago—he-seems to be very familiar with j
it—I think it proper to state to the Senate [
that I understand that a woman was tried in \
Chicago, and convicted of manslaughter, and
sentenced to the penitentiary for a year, and |
after serving a part of her time was pardoned.
Has the Senator from Indiana any fault to find
with that? He has asserted here she killed a
man because he liked somebody else better.
He may be advised about it; I have no such
information. It is the first time I ever heard
of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then the Senator has
not read the papers of his own city. The
information that I have on the subject is what j
I receive from the papers published in Chicago. ;
I do not find any fault with the jury in Chicago ; '
I do not find any fault with the Governor. It !
may be all right; but courts in other States are ;
denounced because in cases of manslaughter I
they render more severe verdicts and judg- i
ments; and I asked in that connection simply
what the Senator from Wisconsin thinks of
this verdict and judgment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a kind of read-
ing in which I do not particularly delight, and
I am not probably as familiar with the case as
the Senator from Indiana, who seems to have
read all that the newspapers have said in ref-
erence to it. It is the first time I ever heard
such a reason, as the one he alleges, given for
the killing. It may be that that was the rea-
son. At any rate a trial was had before a
jury; the party was convicted; and the Gov-
ernor, for reasons I presume satisfactory to
himself, and upon a proper showing which I
have not seen, thought proper to pardon the
criminal after she had served out a month of her
time. I am not prepared to say whether the
conviction in the first instance was right, or
whether the pardon when it was granted was
proper. I presume that both were; but the
Senator from Indiana has twice paraded the
case here as if it was a stain upon the State
of Illinois.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Illi-
nois spoke of my reading. I am not respon-
sible to that Senator for what I read or what I
do not read, and I am entirely indifferent what
he reads, whether he reads excellent books or
newspapers or other matter. I read what I
read on this subject in a very respectable news-
paper. I thought it was a little curious, but I
bring no charge against the tribunal. I pre-
sented it as a case in comparison with the one
the Senator from Wisconsin was commenting
upon.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Indiana
simply mistakes the point I make. It is not
because Mr. Jones was sentenced to five years'
imprisonment in the_ penitentiary for man-
slaughter that I arraign the government of
Texas. I do not know but that there may
have been extenuating circumstances which
would have justified his being tried for man-
slaughter instead of murder, and extenuating
circumstances which would have induced a
pardon. I simply judge of the transaction
upon the statement read to us the other day
from this letter, and that gave no extenuating
circumstances whatever. It simply appeared
from it that there was simply a difficulty be-
tween Jones and a colored man, and a son of
Jones interfered, for what? Not to save his
father from any outrage, that was not the pre-
tense, but to put an end to the difficulty; and
ho shot down coolly the negro. That is not
manslaughter ; that is murder. That is, it
would have been murder if the Senator from
Indiana had been shot, murder if any man
about me had been shot, and I do not know
that it was not murder by the laws of Texas ;
the letter does not inform us; I do not know
how the fact is. That was the offense, and for
that he was convicted of something and he was
sentenced to five years' imprisonment in a peni-
tentiary. That is what I am speaking of. If
there were extenuating circumstances I should
have thought the author of this letter would
have detailed them, and I should have thought
my colleague would have put some stress upon
those details.
Mr. President, there is only one instance, as
I said before 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I desire
to ask my colleague 
Mr. HOWE. I am anxious to conclude be-
fore the hour for a recess, and I decline to give
way. I beg to be indulged in alluding to two
other incidents. I introduce these as speci-
men bricks, as examples of the action of these
governments. I have pointed you to the action
of their judicial tribunals in two instances, now
let me call your attention to a piece of legis-
lation. I might call your attention to a great
many ; I might call your attention to the fact
that whole codes in the State of Virginia and
in the State of South Carolina were set aside
by military proclamation, because they were
so unjust and so inhuman that they could not
be tolerated; but I will call your attention to
a piegs of legislation which was not set aside
by military proclamation, a piece of legisla-
tion in the State of Florida; and I want to call
your attention to the fact that in the State of
Florida, as you call it, one of the first steps
they took was to devise a special code for the
government of the freedmen, as they were
called, for the government of their people of
color. There could be no possible justification
for a special code. It must be better or worse
than the code which governs the rest of the
people; and if either better or worse it ought
to be condemned. But, sir, I ask you to judge
of that code by just one feature in it. The
Legislature of Florida enacted a law for the
education of its negro children. They have
laws for the education of all their children;
but this was a special law for the education of
the eolored children. It provided for the crea-
tion of a fund for that purpose. That fund
was to consist of a dollar paid by each colored
man, poor or rich, between the ages of twenty-
one and fifty-five years. According to the
census of 1860 that would give them a fund of
about twelve thousand dollars for the educa-
tion of the colored children in Florida. The
law provided for the disposition of that fund
in this way: $2,000 of it was appropriated to
pay the salary of the superintendent of colored
schools, and $200 was appropriated topay the
salary of the assistant superintendent in each
county in the State. There are thirty-seven
counties in the State, so that it would take
$7,400 out of that fund to pay these assistant
superintendents. Then out of the fund of
$12,000, $9,400 is to be appropriated to pay
the salaries of superintendents. That is a
