956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
mittee with a view to make the various excep-
tions and qualifications to carry out -this idea.
If" adopted in this form it would create em-
barrassment.
Mr. CONNESS. This is an unhappy at-
tempt at a compromise, as I view it, and I hope
it will not be adopted. I believe that is all
the speech I have to make upon it.
Mr. -FESSENDEN. I do not propose to
make any remarks further than to say that on
the question of the perfect right of Congress
to pass a bankrupt bill containing a similar
provision to this I have no doubt at all. The
idea of some gentlemen is that the law to be
uniform must be equal in its operations. I do
not hold-to that idea at all. If we make a rule
ivhieh operates upon the States equally, that is
to say, which is equal in its terms so far as the
States are concerned, it would -not be uncon-
stitutional, simply because owing to the par-
ticular provisions of the several States the
operation would not be precisely _ similar. I
think, therefore, there is no objection to pass-
ing a bankrupt law establishing a principle of
exemption which should apply, not only to
what may be atpresent exempted by the States,
but what may hereafter be so exempted, if
Congress saw fit so to prescribe. The pro-
vision of the Constitution unquestionably was
intended to apply to the several States to pre-
vent any distinction being made between them.
I think, however, any provision we agree to on
this subject should be pretty carefully worded.
I do not approve of specifying any exemption
particularly, whether it is to be a homestead
or anything else. If the laws of a particular
State allow a homestead and the laws of another
State do not, so be it. It is not worth while
to pass a law that shall define what may not
exist in any particular State, and compel the
State to conform its laws to it.
That this exemption substantially—I am not
particular as to its terms—ought to be made
I have no doubt, and without it I should not
vote for the bill, for the simple reason that
there is probably not a State in the Union, or
hardly any one, that has not exemption laws.
The people of the several States have become
accustomed to these exemption laws; they
hold property of one description or another,
real or personal, under them ; and to attempt
to pass a law of Congress which shall disturb
all people in the possession of that property
would be so odious in its effect that the law, in
my own judgment, would be repealed in a very
short space of time. The result would be to
create a confusion and a sensibility in the peo-
ple of the States that would be an effectual
bar to its perfect and wise and just operation.
I hope, therefore, that the clause will not be
stricken out, although it is susceptible of
amendment and should be made more definite,
and then it should pass. As I have always
been in favor of a general bankrupt law, and
think one ought to exist and that it is very much
to our discredit that we have not had one in op-
era! ion for a great many years, I shall vote prob-
ably for the bill; but if the effect of the bill is to
unsettle all the laws of the States and prop-
erty held under the laws of the several States
for a series of years, to which the people have
become accustomed, I certainly could not con-
sent to anything of that sort.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. I do not propose to par-
ticipate in the.discussions upon this bill, as I
intend to vote against it in any event; but I
will simply say, so far as this amendment is con-
cerned, that I concur with the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee in his opinion that this
part of the bill is unconstitutional. Suppose
this bill provided in express terms that in the
State of loiva a homestead worth $5,000should
be exempt from execution, and that in the State
of Illinois a homestead worth $500 should be
exempt from execution, will anybody say that
that would be a uniform law? That is what
this bill does, because it adopts the legislative
enactments of the different States, and some of
those enactments provide that $5,000 worth of
real estate shall be exempt from execution and
others-provide that $500 worth of real -estate
shall be exempt from execution, and there is
no way that the law can be made uniform if
these different and conflicting acts of the several
States are adopted and made a part of the law.
Now, to undertake to say that a law is uniform
which in fact is not uniform in its operation it
seems to me is sticking in the bark.
Mt. STEWART. Will .the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose it is stated that
there should be $5,000 worth of-real estate, as
an illustration, set apart in each State of the
Union for a homestead for the family ; would
that be uniform in its operation ? That would
be constitutional, "would it not ? If it fixed the
same amount of real estate to-be set apart in
each State of the Union for thehomestead, say
$5,000 or $500, that would be uniform.
Mr. FESSENDBN. Could not the Senator
illustrate it by supposing that the law provided
for ten acres of land, which might be much
more valuable in one State than another?
Mr. STEWART. Yes; suppose it said ten
acres of land. That would be a uniform
amount—uniform in quantity—but it certainly
would not be uniform in its practical operation.
Suppose you said $5,000 worth of real estate:
that would be uniform in the amount of valu-
ation, but in its practical operation it would
not be uniform, because $5,000 in some States
would be a very handsome estate and in
other States would not buy a country place.
One thousand dollars in some States would
furnish a good home; in others it would not
amount to anything. For instance, in the State
of California it would-not buy a home at all,
■whereas in Vermont it would. So that to have
the law absolutely uniform in its practical oper-
ation is impossible. That was not intended,
in my opinion, by the Constitution of the United
States. Any kind of an exemption in the law
must have a different practical operation in
one State from another. This bill adopts the
exemptions of the States, and it is presumed
that the States have practically protected their
citizens according to the circumstances about
them ; that they have thrown protection around
the homestead and around exemptions for the
purpose of -protecting families about equally;
and perhaps it is more uniform in its practical
operation for us to followwhat the States have
fixed, owing to their different circumstances,
•than it would be to make it arbitrary through-
out the United States. Vermontfixes S500as
the exemption •' California, §5,000. That in
its practical operation is more uniform, if you
are going to talk of its practical operation, than
it would be to fix an arbitrary amount.for each
State. So that after all I do not think the ob-
ject sought to be arrived at by having uniform
laws is contravened by this exemption.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, that is a
pretty long question -which the gentleman has
propounded to me, [laughter,] and I am much
obliged to him for answering his own question.
I suppose that in the legislation of Congress a
dollar is regarded as a dollar everywhere
throughout the United States. When a law of
Congress provides that an exemption every-
where shall extend to $5,000, the law assumes
that a dollar of gold or of the currency of the
United States is a dollar in California and a
dollar in Vermont.
Mr. STEWART. I do not like to interrupt
the Senator, but I wish to ask him one more
question. Does not Congress every day in its
legislation recognize that a dollar in one place
is worth more than a dollar in another? Does
it not regulate the salaries of officers at differ-
ent-prices for different places? In your reve-
nue law you provide that the officers in one
locality shall receive a certain compensation,
and in another locality another. The same is
true of military officers. You recognize that
in one place a dollar is worth more than it is
in another, because you give more. You recog-
nize the fact that it costs a man more dollars
to live in one locality than in another; and in
making your uniform laws you adapt your
- legislation .to- tl  situation of the country, and
consequently make allowances of different
amounts for the same service in different
localities. Practically, therefore, Congress
does not treat a dollar as absolutely worth as
much in one place as in another, and business
men do not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I do not
know that there is any constitutional provision
as to the .power of Congress to regulate sala-
ries in the United States, and therefore Con-
gress can exercise its discretion upon that sub-
ject, and the salary is accommodated to the
circumstances of the person whose salary^ is
fixed. Some men have larger responsibilities
than others ; some men are placed in offices
where their expenses are larger than the ex-
penses of other men: and so the law regulating
salaries is governed by such considerations.
That has nothing to do with the question be-
fore the Senate; but I undertake to say that
Congress has never provided by law that a
Treasury note of the United States shall be
worth less in one part of the country than in
another. Would it not be extraordinary legis-
lation on the part of Congress, after, pursuant
to law, a currency has been furnished to the
country, for Congress to undertake to declare
that this currency was worth less in California
than it was in the State #f Vermont ?
Mr. STEWART. They do not exactly de-
clare that; but they declare it in its practical
operation, in making the law uniform, that it
requires mare of-.that currency to do the same
thing in California than in Vermont; and so
with this law. We say that in its practical
operations, in order to make the law uniform,
it is necessary in the .new States that there
should be larger exemptions than in the old
States, and consequently we adopt the exemp-
tions which the States themselves have pro-
vided as the best way to arrive at that uniform
result.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not expect to oc-
cupy the whole of our remaining time during
this session,'and I have no doubt the Senator
will have an opportunity to make a speech
after I conclude, if he is desirous to do so. I
do not understand the honorable Senator to
say now, and I presume no Senator will say,
that if this law did provide expressly that
$5,000 worth of property should be exempt
from execution in one State and that only
$500 worth of property should be exempt in
another the law would be uniform. If that
would be uniform legislation, then it would be
perfectly uniform to say that in one State all
property should be exempt, and in another
State a certain portion of the property should
be exempt. This law undertakes to adopt the
legislation of the different States. Will any
man say that the legislation of the different
States of .this Union as to exemptions from
execution is uniform? What does " uniform"
mean ? Does it not mean that the laws are
alike, that they operate alike? It is true, no
law can be made to operate exactly in one
place as it operates in another in every respect,
because the circumstances, of one locality are
different from the circumstances of another
locality; but Congress is to make the law as
uniform as it can by its legislation; and Con-
gress is not to assume that, because circum-
stances require it, the law may be made one
thing in one State and another thing in another
State. The very object of this provision of the
Constitution was to require uniformity in legis-
lation.
This bill, if it passes with this provision in
it, will extend privileges to citizens of certain
States which it-denies to citizens of other States.
That is the very reason why the Constitution
was so made as to require uniform legislation
on this subject. What does it mean if it does
not lhean that when Congress enacts a bank-
rupt law it shall operate in one State just as it
operates in any other State; that Congress
shall not undertake to say that Massachusetts,
for instance, whether in its legislation or in its
circumstances, under the law shall enjoy ex-
emptions and benefits which the people of the
State of Iowa,.do not enjoy? Under this bill,
