1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
him, so far as the committee on reconstruction |
is concerned, I think by a reading of their re- j
port their understanding of this whole matter I
may be arrived at. We submitted a eonstitu- I
tionai amendment, and iti the report itself we !
discussed the question of the standing of the '
States themselves. Unless I am very much |
mistaken in my recollection of the substance :
of that report, it does not admit but almost j
specifically denies that any one of the States i
in rebellion has ever since been in a condition
to do a legal act as a State or one which we
were bound to recognize ; that any of them is
so constituted that the men presuming to be
the Legislature or to act as a Legislature are so
in point of fact unless we choose to recognize
the State government as such, which we have
never done with regard to any of them except-
ing simply the State of Tennessee.
1 understand that this matter of admitting a
State is a matter of compact. A State may
establish a government if it pleases, or a sort
of government to suit itself: it may call a
convention; it may institute a form of govern-
ment if it likes and proceed to act under it;
and if the Congress of the United States chooses
to recognize that as such in a Territory, or in
a State situated as these rebellious States are,
they have the power to do so. But suppose
they do not choose to do it, but take excep-
tion to the form, does the body assuming to act
as a Legislature remain a Legislature so far as
we are concerned? Does the so-called State
government entitle itself to be the government
of the State so far as Congress and the Gov-
ernment of the United States are concerned?
Not at all, until we come into the compact. 1
think that principle will enable us to answer
the question that is put by the Senator. We
do not say that a State government is all right
if it answers " ay:' but all wrong if it answers
" no." We submit our constitutional amend-
ment in the regular form; we provide that it
shall be submitted to the Legislatures of the
States. We do not say what States. We do
not submit it ourselves except by passing a
vote to that effect. We authorize the Secre-
tary of State to transmit a copy to the several
States of the Union ; no more than that; and
when he receives the answer to let it be known.
That is all. We do not undertake to say that
either this, that, or the other State is in a con-
dition to act so as that its action on the subject
shall be binding.
Now, with reference to myself individually, I
do not know, and I do not undertake to say,
what I may or may not do in a given, specific
case. But when we vote for a constitutional
amendment to be submitted and it is submit-
ted by the Secretary of State to the Legisla-
tures now in existence, do we admit that those
States are regularly constituted, and that we
have got to recognize them after they have
acted ? Not at all. My own understanding is
that I have a right to inquire, and it is my duty
to inquire, whether this constitutional amend-
ment has been legally adopted by a Legislature
• of a State which I am bound to recognize.
Have I not a right to make inquiry? If an
organization, no matter how got up, with or
without the consent of the people or a major-
ity of the people of a State, sets itself up as
the Legislature, am I precluded from inquiring
into the fact whether that is the Legislature of
the State whose action is binding on the ques-
tion submitted ? That is a question which I
have a right to examine. I am not prepared
to say in the very teeth of the report of the
reconstruction committee, so called, that these
States are so constituted and so organized that
their action, so far as the United States Gov-
ernment is concerned, is legal and binding
upon any one subject. 1 have not admitted
thr t; I do not admit it now.
And yet, sir, I am free to say that if from
the conduct of a government assuming to be
the government of a State, from the constitu-
tion that they submitted—and here let me say
that no constitution has yet been submitted to
Congress from any of these States—I saw that
the principles of that constitution were such
39th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 13.
as would render it safe and proper in my judg-
ment to say that it was the constitution of a State,
and that the State should come into. Congress,
I might then come into that compact and say
that such a State was to be admitted into the
Union or to be recognized as one of the States
of the Union, if gentlemen like that language
better, on the constitution thus submitted to
Congress and the provisions they had made.
But is it to be held that before any such thing
has been done, when the old constitutions have
been overthrown, with everything, to use the
language of the President, prostrate in the
dust, nothing new done under the authority of
Congress, or even by the assent of any one of
these States, I am to take it for granted that
that is the constitution of a State, and that
they are States in the Union with all proper
connections with the Government of the Uni-
ted States before I know what it is? I take it
for granted that that is not obligatory on me
in any sense; and 1 want to say here now with
regard to the formation of these States, the
new formation of these States if you please to
call it so, because we all understand what their
condition is, I conceive that I have a right to
inquire what the terms of their constitutions
are, to see whether those terms are satisfac-
tory, whether they have placed themselves
in a condition to be admitted, whether they
were in a condition to adopt the constitu-
tional amendment which we have submitted,
and whether they have done it; not that any
convocation of people called together by a
satrap, forming new arrangements to suit them-
selves, which they have never chosen to sub-
mit to Congress or the people of their State,
of which we know nothing officially, are ne-
cessarily a Legislature and a government, all
of whose acts we are pledged to take as the
acts of the proper, well-organized, constitu-
tional governments of States in the Union and
having repaired all their broken connections
with the Union.
I admit no such doctrine, sir, and therefore
I say, after a vote has been taken, if any should
be by any one of these so-called States adopt-
ing the constitutional amendment, it may be
a question preliminary with me: has the con-
stitutional amendment been adopted by a le-
gally. organized constitutional government of a
State, which I am bound to recognize ? And,
sir, I do not preclude myself from a right to
look into the terms of the constitutions they
submit to Congress. I rose simply to enter
this caveat, and I think if gentlemen will read
the report of the reconstruction committee
they will find nothing particularly inconsistent
with what I have said- in relation to that mat-
ter. Upon all these questions, separate or
otherwise, as they come up I am ready to act
when they come; but no general rule can be
established which will be binding upon me-
with reference to questions of this description :
each one is to stand upon its own particular
merits or demerits, as the case may be.
Now, sir, what the reconstruction committee
submitted was this: when the constitutional
amendment has been legally and constitution-
ally adopted and become a part of the Consti-
tution itself, then, in connection with the bill
which was introduced at the same time, any
State which shall have adopted it may resume
its position in the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON. You speak of the States
in rebellion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It referred to them of
course, whether it said so or not, because it
could have no application to States recognized
as members of the Union.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. * I have the language of
the report before me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I remember its sub-
stance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The language is " that
whenever the above-recited amendment shall
have become part of the Constitution, and any
State lately in insurrection shall have ratified
the same, and shall have modified its Constitu-
tion and laws in conformity therewith, the
Senators and Representatives from such State,
if found duly elected and qualified, may, after
having taken the required oaths of office, be
admitted," &c.
That was the language of the bill accom-
panying the report, and it went on:
"And be it further enacted. That when any State
lately in insurrection shall have ratified the foregoing
amendment to the Constitution"—
That is whether the other States ratified it
or not—
"any part of the direct tax under the act of August
5,1861, which may remain due and unpaid by such
State may be assumed and paid by such State, and
the payment thereof, upon proper assurances, may
be postponed for a period not exceeding ten years."
These are the two provisions about the ratifi-
cation of the amendment by the States lately
in rebellion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely as I
recollected it, and it supports what I have said.
"And shall have modified its constitution and
laws inconformitytherewith," is the language.
Am I not to look to their constitutions and
their laws? Am I not to see whether they are
"inconformitytherewith." Am I to take it
for granted, because a Legislature formed as
these Legislatures are has voted ay or voted
no, that therefore their constitution and their
laws, which have never been submitted to Con-
gress, are "in conformity therewith?" Am I
not to look at them ? That brings it precisely
to the point I have j>een suggesting, that all
th.ese matters are matters for consideration.
I consider that the question of the constitu-
tional amendment has been submitted to the
voters of the United States, and that the recent
elections have established that that is to be
supported and insisted upon. That was the
issue made; it was the issue with the President
and with all who opposed it; and that I deem
to be established. The bill we have not acted
upon. The bill has not been taken up in either
House of Congress and acted upon. Congress
has never expressed an opinion upon that prop-
osition, although it is part of the report^jf the
reconstruction committee. But I say now, as
I have said before, I am as desirous as any
man can be that this unhappy controversy
should be ended; I am as desirous as any man
can be -that all these rebellious States should
be back again in the Union on a perfect equal-
ity with those that are there now, and I will
do everything in my power to bring it about,
and I will not be too stringent as to conditions;
I am willing to yield much and to suffer much ;
but I will not yield under any circumstances
the guarantees we have insisted npon up to
this date, and such further ones-if necessary—
I do not say now that any others are necessary
—as will secure the Union against a recurrence
of a disaster such aa we have suffered.
Now, sir, if the Senator wants to ask me any
question pertinent to what I have been saying
1 am perfectly willing to answer.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The point which I was
discussing, and which my learned friend has
passed over, in my judgment, without fully meet-
ing. is this: whether Congress did submit that
constitutional amendment to those States, as-
suming that those States lately in insurrection
had the power as: States to ratify or to reject
it. That was the question I was discussing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will answer that dis-
tinctly if the Senator is ready for his answer
npw.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly, I will hear
what the Senator has to say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Congress said nothing
whatever on the subject; and the reason is
manifest. Congress submits a constitutional
amendment in the ordinary form ; itsays it
shall be submitted to the Legislatures of the
several States of the Union-: and there it stops.
There is the submission.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I agree with the Sen-
ator that Congress took no action 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not finished my
answer yet. It does not follow that because
we provide for submitting the amendment to
the several States every State is iu a condition
to aet upon it. The reconstruction commit-
tee reeommencled that when the amendment
