1634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20;
DELIA A. JACOBS.
Mr. WILLEY. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
689.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 589) for the relief
of Delia A. Jacobs, late Delia A. Fitzgerald.
It authorizes Delia A. Jacobs, (late Fitzgerald,)
administratrix of Jesse Fitzgerald, deceased,
who obtained a patent for an improved method
of dressing treenails, dated August 28, 1849,
far fourteen years, which expired August 28,
1803, to apply to the Commissioner of Patents
for the extension of the patent for seven years,
under the rules and regulations now in force
for the extension of patents, as if she had made
application previous to its expiration as re-
quired by law ; and the Commissioner of Pat-
ents is to investigate and decide the applica-
tion for extension on the same evidence and
in the same manner as other applications for
extension are decided ; but the application for
extension is to be decided within thirty days
after the approval of the act, and the decision
of the Commissioner to be rendered within
ninety days from the filing of the application
in the Patent Office. Nothing contained in
this bill is to be so construed as to hold respon-
sible in damages any person who may have
manufactured treenails or built or used ma-
chines containing the improvement between
the expiration of the patent and the approval
of the act; and the Commissioner is to be sat-
isfied before granting such extension that it
will inure entirely to the benefit of Delia A.
Jacobs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a report in
that case ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that there is no report.
Mr. POLAND. This is a bill that passed
the House of Representatives at the last ses-
sion, and was reported by the Senate Commit-
tee on Patents at the last session. Application
was made for the extension in proper season
to the Commissioner of Patents, but it was
denied by the Commissioner upon the ground
that no proof was furnished that the extension
of the patent was for the benefit of Mrs. Ja-
cobs. It turned out that that evidence was
furnished in season and was in the office, but
it had in some way become mislaid. It was
the mistake of the Commissioner or some one
in the office that the proof, which the Commis-
sioner himself stated was in the office and was
in proper season, was in some way mislaid, so
that it did not come to his attention in time.
This bill is merely to remedy that mistake, and
it merely authorizes the Commissioner to hear
the application and grant the extension if he
thinks proper.
The bill was reported to the Senate, without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH R. MORRIS.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 66) for the relief of Joseph
R. Morris.
The resolution was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the joint resolution.
The preamble recites that it appears from
the records of the Patent Office that Joseph R.
Morris, of Houston, Texas, on the 13th of
April, 1861,' filed his petition, affidavit, specifi-
cation, and drawing, and made application for
a patent for " a new and useful improvement
in furnaces, and paid the customary fee on
such application; that on the 15th of April he
deposited his model of the improvement ac-
cording to law in the Patent Office; that on
the 8th of June thereafter the invention was
examined by the examiner, and a patent duly
ordered to be issued; that on the 11th of June
thereafter a circular was issued by the Patent
Office to the effect that the patent was ordered
to be issued in accordance with the application
upon the payment of the final fee of twenty
dollars; and that it appears that he was pre-
vented from obtaining his patent by the state
of civil war which interdicted all communica-
tion between the State of Texas and the Patent
Office at the city of Washington. The joint
resolution, therefore, authorizes the Commis-
sioner of Patents to issue the patent to Joseph
R. Morris as of the date and with like effect as
though it had been issued on the 8th of June,
1861, except that the patent may be issued to
run the usual number of years from the usual
time of its issuance, any law to the contrary
notwithstanding.
The Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office reported 'the joint resolution with an
amendment to add the following proviso:
Provided, That if, at or prior to the day when said
patent shall actually be issued, any person or per-
sons shall be actually issuing said improvement in
furnaces, such person or persons shall not be made
liable in damages for such prior use, or for the con-
tinuing use of such as have already been constructed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to know if it
is certain that this person was a loyal man.
Mr. POLAND. The proof before the com-
mittee in relation to that matterwas very abun-
dant. Judge Sherwood and one or two other
gentlemen appeared before the committee and
testified that this man was undoubtedly loyal.
There is no report in this case, bat the facts
are very shortly and concisely stated in the
preamble to this resolution. This was an ap-
plication for a patent for an improvement in
furnaces; and I have here a certified copy of
the records of the Patent Office. The appli-
cation was filed on the 13th of April, 1861,
and it went along in the Patent Office until the
8th of June, 186], when the patent was ordered
to be issued. The law requires that within six
months after a patent is granted the applicant
shall pay a fee of twenty dollars in order to
obtain his patent. Before the 8th of June,
1861, communication between Texas, where
this patentee lived, and the Patent Office had
been cut off, and it was impossible for the
Patent Office to get the patent to him or for
him to make payment of this fee. This appli-
cation was made immediately upon these im-
pediments being removed; and the committee
thought it was a clear case, that he ought to
be "allowed to pay his fee and have the patent.
Although we had no evidence whatever that
this patent had been in use by any person,
still for caution's sake we inserted this amend-
ment, that if any persons had gone into the
use of this improvement their rights should be
preserved.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment whs
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 497) granting a pension to
Mrs. Adeline M. Gould ;
A bill (S. No. 512) for the relief of Kennedy
O'Brien ;
A bill (S. No. 514) granting a pension to
John Carter;
A bill (S. No. 535) for the benefit of Mrs.
Jerusha Page ;
A bill (S. No. 580) granting a pension to
Charles N. Weiss;
A bill (S. No. 498) granting a pension to
Mrs. Josephine Slocum ;
A bill (S. No. 556) forthe relief of Caroline
McGee, of Greene county, Tennessee, widow
of Lemuel McGee, deceased ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 171) for the
relief of Martha McCook.
The message farther announced that the
House had agreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill of the House No. 219, for
the relief of Catharine Mock.
The message also announced that the Hoase
had passed the following bills of the Senate
with amendments, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 513) granting a pension to
Patrick Meehan; and
A bill (S. No. 602) granting a pension to
Ezra B. Gordon.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 1126) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30,1868, and for other purposes, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOL'ff.lttoN SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (S. R. No. 149) to extend
facilities to citizens of the United States en-
gaged in the survey of the route for a ship-canal
across the Isthmus of Darien; and it was there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate.
DIRECT TAX OF WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I desire to submit the
following report from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) to sus-
pend temporarily the collection of the direct
tax within the State of West Virginia :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the joint resolution (S. K.
No. 90) to suspend temporarily the collection of tho
direct tax within the State of West Virginia, having
mot, after full and free confcrcnce have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the sixth section of the amendment of the House to
said joint resolution and agree to the same.
P.G.VAN WINKLE,
T. O. HOWE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
WILLIAM B. ALLISON,
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
Managers on the part of the JIoum*.
The report was concurred in.
IIOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1126) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army tor the year
ending June 30, 1868, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
WILLIAM MANN AND JACOB SENNEFF.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
590.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 590) for the relief
of William Mann and Jacob Senneff. It au-
thorizes the Commissioner of Patents to hear
and determine upon the application of William
Mann for an extension of his letters-patent,
dated January 11, 1863, which expired July
11, 1866; and upon the application of Jacob
Senneff for an extension of his letters-patent
for wire heddles, dated January 13,1852, which
expired January 13, 1866, and to decide upon
the applications with like effect as though they
had been duly filed ninety days before the
expiration of the letters-patent; and the Com-
missioner of Patents is directed forthwith to
publish the application for the extension of the
letters-patent with like effect as though the
publication had been made sixty days before
the expiration of the letters-patent. But no
person is to be held liable for damage for using
or making the heddles after the expiration of
the original term of the patent and before the
renewal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire if there is
any report in this case?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that there is no report.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall have an
explanation of this matter. I think bills of
this character should always be explained,
and I think we should proceed with great cau-
tion in regard to them.
Mr. POLAND. I commend my friend from
Massachusetts for his caution, but I think there
will he no occasion for its exercise in this case.
These two cases of Mann and Senneff have no
