958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule
requires it.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of the
Adams Express Company, praying for the issue
to that company of Treasury notes in place of
the notes lost by it by me sinking of the
steamer Bio Rio, March 22, 1863; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORGAN. I also present the petition
of all the sugar refineries in New York, in
which they represent that there is invested in
the United States some thirty-five million dol-
lars of capital in the sugar refining business,
and that it employs about nine thousand men.
They state that the existing laws make a dis-
crimination against their manufacture, equiva-
lent to three fourths of a cent a pound. They
also state that there is a discrimination in favor
of Louisiana sugar which works«greatly to the
refiners' disadvantage. They therefore ask
that the tariff bill now under consideration may
be so amended as to relieve the refiners from
this discrimination, and submit a detailed list
of rates of duties to which, in their opinion,
they are entitled. I ask that this petition may
be referred to the Committee on Finance.
It was so referred.
Mr. YATES presented a memorial of citizens
of Illinois, remonstrating against the enact-
ment of any law that will curtail the present
circulation of legal-tender notes; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. YATES. I also present the petition of
John Mathers, of Illinois, praying, first, for the
repeal of the act of Congress authorizing a re-
duction of the currency; second, the repeal of
the act creating national banks; third, the re-
demption of bonds bearing interest with legal-
tender notes, and the prohibition of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury from issuing additional
bonds; fourth, to prohibit the Secretary from
converting bonds bearing interest in currency
to bonds bearing interest in gold; fifth, to
make greenbacks a legal-tender in paying in-
terest upon, and redemption of, all bonds;
sixth, to cause the Secretary of the Treasury
to distribute gold used in the redemption of
currency or bonds equitably; seventh, to give
the people a safe, uniform, and permanent na-
tional currency. I move its reference to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition of
E. B. Litchfield, president of the St. Paul and
Pacific Railroad Company, praying for a grant
of the same number of acres of land per mile to
that company as was granted to the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company, and the same sum
in money or bonds as was granted to the Union
Pacific Railroad Company for that portion of
the line of said road lying east of the Rocky
mountains; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of R.
J. Oglesby, Governor of Illinois, and others,
praying for the restoration of S. Livingstone
Breese, lieutenant commander in the United
States Navy, to the active list; which was
referred to "the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 532) for the relief of the inhabitants
of cities and towns on the public lands, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of N. Callan, Samuel E. Douglass, and
William Laird, praying for compensation for
services rendered in the selection of jurors in
the District of Columbia, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
222) prohibiting payments by any ofliccr of the
Government to any person not known to have
been opposed to the rebellion and in favor of
its suppression, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am also directed by
the Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 4o2) to prevent the
illegal appointment of officers of the United
States, to report it back with a recommenda-
tion that it be indefinitely postponed, the Senate
having acted on the subject of the removal of
officers in the bill which has already passed
the Senate.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Gommittee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. R. No. 604) to define and punish certain
crimes therein named, reported it with an
amendment.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 562) to amend an act entitled "An
act for the removal of causes in certain cases
from the State courts," approved July 27,
1866; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
NAVIGATION OF WILLAMETTE RIVER.
Mr. NESMITH submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation of $40,000 for the purpose of remov-
ing obstructions to navigation in the Willamette
river, in Oregon, and to report by bill or otherwise.
INTER-OCEANIC SIIIP-CANAL.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested
to report to the Senate what steps have been taken
by him to otain from the Republic of Colombia the
right for the United States to make necessary sur-
veys for an inter-oceanie ship-canal through the ter-
ritory of that republic.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish briefly to say, in
this connection, that it will be remembered that
Congress, at its last session, made an appro-
priation of $40,000 for a survey of the Isthmus
of Darien, for the purpose of a ship-canal;
and my information is that the State Depart-
ment has not prosecuted its part of the business
with the diligence that the importance of the
question demands, and the object of this reso-
lution is to ascertain officially from the head
of that Department what has been done before
any further steps shall be taken. I hope the
resolution will be agreed to.
The resolution was adopted.
IKON-CLAD STEAMER ONONDAGA.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following reso-
lution for reference:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and is hereby, authorized to transfer the iron-clad
steamer Onondaga to the builder, George W. Quin-
tard, upon his refunding to the Government the
amount received by him for its construction.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that the resolution in this form
would not be the foundation of action. It
would reqnire a joint resolution in order to
authorize the Secretary to make the transfer.
Mr. MORRILL. Well, sir, it is simply
intended as a matter of reference for inquiry,
and perhaps it answers the same purpose in its
present form.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs if there be no objection.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN IDAHO.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
490.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to take
up for consideration the resolution which I
offered the other day with reference to Mr.
Motley, and which was objected to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will yield to me for a moment to let that
resolution be taken up. It belongs strictly to
the morning .hour, and there are reasons why
that information should be had at once.
Mr. WADE. I insist on my motion. I want
to have this bill disposed of.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 490) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Idaho," approved
■March 3,1863. It provides that the judges of
the supreme court of the Territory, or a major-
ity of them, shall, when assembled at the seat
of government of the Territory, define the judi-
cial districts of the Territory, and assign the
judges who may be appointed for the Terri-
tory to the several districts; and shall also fix
and appoint the times and places for holding
court in the several counties or sub-divisions
in each of the judicial districts, and alter the
times and places of holding the courts as to
them shall seem proper and convenient.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill by
inserting the following *as additional sections,
to come in after the first section:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the next
session of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Idaho shall be held commencing on the first Mon-
day in December in 1868, and thereafter the Legisla-
tive Assembly of said Territory shall be held bien-
nially, and the next election for members of the
Legislative Assembly of said Territory shall be held
on the second Monday in August, 1868, and thereafter
said election shall be held biennially.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the members
of the House of Representatives of said Legislative
Assembly shall be elected for the term of two years,
and the members of the council of said Legislative
Assembly shall be elected for the term of four years:
Provided, That at the first election hereafter one half
of the members of said council shall be eleeted for
the term of two years, and the remaining half for the
term ot four years; and the districts wherein the
members of the council are to be elected for the term
of four years at thenext election shall be determined
by proclamation of the Governor of said Territory:
Provided, That in all counties and election districts
which shall be entitled to elect two members of the
council one of said members shall be eleeted for two
years, and the other for four years.
Mr. NESMITH. From the imperfect hear-
ing that I had of the reading of the bill, it
struck me as an innovation upon the usual
Eractice in the Territories. I believe it has
eretofore been the rule in all the Territories
that the times for holding the district courts
should be fixed by the Legislature, and thstt
the districts should be fixed by the Legislature.
Mr. WADE. This bill has nothing to do
with that. There is another bill that will come
up by and by that will regulate that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is this bill?
Mr. WADE. It is a bill in relation to the
judicial districts in Idaho.
Mr. NESMITH. Does your amendment
strike out the original bill?
Mr. WADE. No, sir.
Mr. NESMITH. I should like to hear the
bill read again.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. NESMITH. I suggest that that seems
to be an innovation on what has heretofore
been the established rule in the Territories.
The power to fix the times of holding the
courts, it seems to me, properly belongs to
the Legislature, and should be exercised by
the Legislature where it is now lodged. If
there is any reason for this change, I am not
aware of it, and I should like to hear it stated.
Mr. WADE. I understand that there is a
reason for it. There is great difficulty in fix-
ing these districts in Idaho. There seems to
be some controversy between the Legislature
and the judges there. As I am informed, and
believe from the statements I have received,
the Legislature is disposed to fix the districts
in such a way that they will be scarcely availa-
ble at all. In these great Territories it is very
easy for the Legislature to make the districts
in such a form that it is almost impracticable
to hold courts there, and becomes exceedingly
inconvenient for the judges. Although this
legislation may be new in the Territories it is
