194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
should-.bg adopted by the number of States
necessary in order to make it a part of the
Constitution of the United States, without
saying or intimating how many or how few
were necessary, then any -of the rebellious
States which should have adopted it and con-
formed their laws and constitutions thereto
should be admitted. What did that mean?
ft did not assume to say that either of those
States was then in a condition to be admitted,
or even ia a condition to have the constitu-
tional amendment submitted to them. But
the tiiae may arrive, if it has not yet come,
when they may have Legislatures legally elected
and constitutions properly formed.- Because
they are not endowed with the capacity to act
as members of the Union to-day it does not
follow that they may not be to-morrow or next
week or next year. , We could not undertake
to say when that would be, whether it had
taken place or not; but so far as the recon-
struction committee expressed an opinion in
their report it was that there was not a legal
government in any one of those States; and if
there is no legal government in any one of
them they are not in a condition to act on
this question or any other.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, it is
true that Congress did not pass the bill or act
on the bill any further than that in the House
.of Representatives whey it was called up it
was laid on the table by the yeas and nays by a
very large vote; but the question that has arisen
has not been on any act of Congress, but on the
understanding of those gentlemen who took
part in the submission of this constitutional
amendment. Upon the one side it has been
alleged that the submission of this amendment
was made to the States upon an implied pledge
that if it became a part of the Constitution and
the States lately in insurrection ratified it and
conformed their laws and constitutions to it,
they would have the right to be admitted here
on this floor if they sent proper representatives.
The Senator from Ohio says that of the States
acting upon this question five have rejected the
amendment. The point which I was discussing
was whether this constitutional amendment
was submitted to these States for them to act
upon, and whether by submitting it to these
States we did not imply of necessity that these
States were capable of either accepting or
rejecting it.
Sir, the reconstruction committee, so far as
they are concerned, are bound as a matter of
cdurse by the report which they have made,
and the reconstruction committee, by the bill
which they introduced, declared in so many
words that the States in the South did have
the power' to ratify the amendment, and they
held out a pecuniary inducement to those
States to persuade them to the adoption of the
amendment by pledging themselves that if any
one of those States would ratify the amend-
ment the payment of its direct tax should be
postponed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The distinction is, if
the Senator will allow me to interrupt him, that
the reconstruction committee did not say they
were now'in a condition to do it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The reconstruction
committee, in the bill which they submitted
declared "that when any State lately in insur-
rection"— of course that referred to States
of the South—" shall have ratified the forego-
ing amendment," the payment of its direct tax
shall be postponed. 1 think that ,that on the
part of the reconstruction committee assumes
them to be States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As now organized, at
present?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It assumed them to be
States with power to accept or reject, to ratify
or to refuse to ratify. If they ratified it, the
pecuniary consideration was held out to them
for doing it of postponing the payment of their
direct tax. If they refused to do it, as a mat-
ter of course the tax was not postponed.
I undertake to say what I said a little while
ago, that this is one of those questions upon
Which you must, take either one ground or the
II other, and there is no neutrality between the
ij positions. Either the Senator from Massachu-
11 setts is right when he says that they are not
States 
Mr. SUMNER. There is no valid govern-
ment ; that is what I say.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No valid State govern-
ment to which a constitutional amendment can
be submitted?
Mr. SUMNER. That I hold.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Y,ou must either take
thatground, or you must take the other ground,
that they are valid State governments to which
it can be submitted. What I said was that the
Senator from Ohio insisted that it had been
submitted, and that five of the States had
already rejected it; and if they have the power
to reject they have the power to accept, and
it of necessity implies that they have a State
Legislature with power to act either for or
against.
Mr. President, I have no disposition to de-
tain the Senate from a vote on the pending
measure which is now before the body if it is I
desirable to come to a vote to-night; but so
much had been said on this question that I
felt called upon to say a single word myself.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, the debate
has taken a very wide range and the proposi-
tion has taken several shapes. 1 do not wish
just at this moment to make any extended re-
marks, but I feel called upon by what the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] has
said in submitting his amendment to say afrord
or two. He asks me whether I will accept the
amendment which he proposes. To this I have
to say that the amendment as drawn by myself
accords more nearly with my own idea of what
is the best mode of arriving at it; still I am
not tenacious about the forms in which the
object shall be achieved. I understand that
there are other amendments pending or pro-
posed to be offered, one of which proposes to
enforce this as a condition-precedent by at-
taching penalties to any who shall violate it.
That would be another shape in which this
might he enforced. The present amendment
as presented by myself designs to submit it to
a vote of the people. The amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts designs to submit
it, as was done in the case of Missouri, to a
vote of the Legislature.
My own view of this matter is that it would
derive its force and its efficacy rather from the
act of Congress which we might pass, and thus,
become a fundamental clause in that act, than
from the mere mode of assent which it might
receive from the people through their Legis-
lature, or through their direct popular vote.
That its force and its efficacy would inhere in
it by virtue of the congressional act of the
fundamental clause therein contained. And
therefore I am not so very tenacious about the
modes in which it may be arrived at; still I
do want to get something that will be effica-
cious.
Now, it is proper and right to say in regard
to the amendment which has been submitted
by the Senator from Massachusetts, and which
is a copy of the Missouri resolution, that that
resolution has been efficacious up to this day.
That resolution was placed upon the State of
Missouri; it was assented to by the Legislature
of that State, and it has'never been violated by
the people of the State nor I believe has it
ever been decided unconstitutional by the
Supreme Court.
However, I desire to say that I think the
questions which are involved here are of too
great a magnitude to be -driven through under
any pressure for the purpose of getting this
State at once into the Union. I do not think
that the ultimate object to be attained, the get-
ting of Nebraska into the Union, will be for-
warded one particle by undertaking; to press it
through in this manner at this time, in advance
of a deliberate consideration of all these q es-
tions. Now, I for one should like to have some
little time to examine these various proposi-
tions that are to be submitted and whose view
is to harmonize our own friends in their posi-
tion. Unquestionably the Republican party
. of this country has got to take a ground on the
whole suffrage question, as relating to the Terri-
tories and as relating to the States, that will be
inconsistent with the position taken here in the
State of Nebraska. I would like to harmonize
the party in its positions on that subject. I
should like to have the necessary delay for'
concert and for consultation and for examina-
tion, and therefore, sir, I will move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. WADE. 1 hope not. I hope we shaH
get a final vote on this proposition before we
adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. WADE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 14, nays 25; as follows-:
TEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Booiittle, Edmunds, Henderson, Johnson, Norton,
PaUejson, Poland, Sprague, Sumner, and Williams
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Catteli, Chandler, Cra-
ein, Creswell, FofFoster, Frelinffhosysen. Hen-
dricks. Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, M >rgan,
Morrill. Pomeroy, Ramsey, Koss.Stewart,Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Conness, Cowan, Fesseaden,
Fowler, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, McDougali, Nta-
mith, Nye, Riddle, Saulsbury, and Sherman—13.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, in the inter-
polation between the Senator from Wisconsin
and the Senator from Maine, I should have
been glad if the Senator from Maine had been
asked to give an explicit answer to some such
question as this: suppose the States lately in
rebellion had taken no notice at all of the pro-
posed constitutional amendment, could they
have formed any State constitutions which
would have been satisfactory to my honor-
able friend from Maine, and which would
have induced him to vote for their admission
or readmission into the Union. I will illus-
trate it by the case of Tennessee. Suppose
Tennessee had not acted upon the subjectof the
proposed amendment at all but had ad opted pre-
cisely the constitution which she did adopt, and
upon that constitution had asked to be read-
mitted as a State into the Union, would the
honorable Senator upon that state of the case
with regard to Tennessee have voted for her
admission into the Union?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President. I had
been desirous of submitting some observa-
tions to the Senate on the subjects which are
under consideration at some little length, but
inasmuch as I perceive that brethren of my
political faith are not disposed to listen to
any further debate on the subject, I shall not
attempt at this hour of the day to go forward
with what I was desirous of saying. - If I had
had an earlier opportunity without trespassing
upon gentlemen older here than myself. I
should have had something to say on the sub-
ject; but I do not wish to occupy the time
which my friends here are desirous to devote
to voting, with anything which I can say.
Mr. HENDRIClvS. 1 do not think the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massaehu
setts ought to be adopted without some reflec-
tion on the part of the Senate. Although it
has the form of the enactment of 18'il in rela-
tion to Missouri, I do not think the eases are
at all analogous, and upon that subject I wish
to submit just one or two remarks. The act
of Congress of 1S21 proposed that Missouri
should be admitted into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States in all respects
whatever—
"Upon the fundamental condition that tho fourth
clawseofthe twenty-sixth section of the third article
of the constitution submitted on the part of the suit!
State to Congress shall never be construed to author-
ize the passage of any law, and that no law shall be
passed in couformity thereto, by which any eitfeen
of either of the states of thid Union shall be excluded
from the enjoyment of any of the privileges and im-
munities to which sn<-b citizen is entitled under the
Constitution of tho United States."
It was claimed in Congress that one of the
provisions of the constitution of Missouri was
itself in violation of the Constitution of the
United States. One of the provisions of that
