1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
959
not new in some of the States. Nobody knows
better than the judges how to arrange the dis-
tricts so as to be convenient for themselves and
beneficial to the people. I think they would
be more apt to know about that than the Le-
gislature. Then, when they among themselves
agree as to the districts or circuits, each one
is to take his own. Our State has pursued
that course to the satisfaction of everybody,
and of the judges, too. I think the power is
quite as well lodged in the judges as it would
be in the LegislativeAssembly. and as the judges
seem to desire that it be so fixed I can see no
objection to it.
Mr. NESMITH. The rule on this subject
heretofore has been to allow the territorial
Legislature to regulate this matter, and in our
State, which was for a long time a Territory,
we had some experience about it, and we
thought the power was more safely lodged in
the hands of the Legislature from time to time
to determine where the courts should be holden
than it would be if it were left in the hands of
the judges. In either case I suppose it may be
properly exercised and well exercised. I do
not undertake to say what the facts about this
case are; but when we remember that these
judges are Federal officers, sent out there from
the States for the purpose of discharging offi-
cial duties, it seems to me the Legislature of
the Territory are the best qualified to determine
theif districts and when and where it will best
suit the convenience of the people to have the
courts held. These judges arc entirely inde-
pendent of the Legislature, and if this bill
passes they may fix the terms of the courts in
such a manner as to relieve them entirely from
the discharge of their duties, or almost so.
They may fix the terms of the courts so far
apart as to result in very great inconvenience
to the suitors, and be a practical denial of jus-
tice. All the reasons are in favor of their
making such an allotment if the thing is left
in the hands of the judges. If it is left in the
hands of the Legislature, where it always has
been, it seems to me the Representatives of
the people will fix the times and places and
circuits so as to accommodate the people better
than they would be fixed if the power was left
in the hands of the judges. There would bo
every reason to induce the judges, if the power
were left to them, to make such an organiza-
tion of the districts and to fix such times for
the holding of the courts as would be most
convenient to themselves and enable them to
perform as little duty as possible. I know it
has been the uniform custom in all the Terri-
tories for the Legislature to establish the terras
and districts, and I do not see any reason why
this change should be made.
There is another consideration. Most of the
judges to these Territories are appointed from
States on this side of the mountains, from the
old States, and they are not conversant with
the topography or geography of the country or
the wants of the people ; and it seemsto me if
we make this change we shall place the exer-
cise of this power in the hands of men who are
not as well qualified to exercise it properly as
those who now have it. I do not know of any
particular reason in this case for a deviation
from the general and well-established rule
under which all the Territories have acted so
far. If there be any reason I should like to
hear it.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. I think my colleague is
quite mistaken in supposing that this proposed
legislation is any innovation. Several years
ago, before the organization of Idaho Territory,
there was a law passed by Congress providing
that in all the Territories the judges should fix
the times and places for holding the district
courts in the Territories; and while I was upon
the bench in the Territory of Oregon, for a
considerable portion of the time, the times and
places for holding the courts in that Territory
^ere fixed by the judges when they assembled
to hold the supreme court of tie Territory.
The reason that that law does not apply to
Idaho Territory is because the Territory has
been organized since the enactment of that
law, and the organic law specially provides
that the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
shall have that power; and if I am not mis-
taken, at the last session of Congress a similar
law was passed in reference to Washington
Territory. I know that a law was passed
making the sessions of the Legislative Assem-
bly in Washington Territory biennial, and the
power to fix the times and places for holding
the district courts in the Territory was con-
ferred upon the judges.
Mr. NESMITH. I know a law was passed
requiring biennial sessions, but I did not think
the power to which my colleague refers was
embraced in that law.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 will say that representa-
tions are made to me and to the Committee
on Territories by citizens of Idaho that the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory, on ac-
count of their political hostility to the judges,
are making laws and organizing the districts so
as to subject the judges to the greatest possible
inconvenience and the greatest possible ex-
pens,e, with a view, as is represented to me by
reliable men, of compellingthe judges to vacate
their offices; and this sort of legislation is not
peculiar to Idaho Territory; but this bill relates
simply to that Territory.
The bench in that Territory is made up of
citizens of the Territory, with one exception;
and the chief justice, who was formerly a mem-
ber of Congress, has been there for a long
time. They understand the wants and neces-
sities of the Territory as well as anybody in
the Territory. They can arrange these courts
so as to be able to attend them, so as to suit
the convenience of themselves and of suitors
better than the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory." I have heard no objection made to
this legislation. I do not understand that, the
Delegate from the Territory, notwithstanding
ho differs in politics from the judges of the
Territory, objects to this kind of legislation.
At any rate, no such objection has been made
known to me, and I believe it is the wish of
the citizens of the Territory, so far as L am
advised, that this bill should pass.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 should like to hear
the amendment read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This is rather bingular
legislation to take' one Territory and provide
as this bill proposes. I should like to know
a little more about it, especially in view of the
statement of the Senator from Oregon, that it
is owing to a political controversy between the
Legislature and the judges. It is very certain
that the Legislature could have no interest to
do a wrong in the districting of the judicial cir-
cuits. It is attributing a very singular spirit
to a legislative body, that merely for the pur-
pose of making an inconvenience to the judges
tliey would make an improper districting of
the Territory for judicial purposes. Now, I
cannot believe that. I have no doubt that the
Senator from Oregon has very fullinformation
satisfactory to himself, but 1 think probably
that comes from the judges, indirectly, in some
way or other. The judges have an interest, of
course, in making their circuits easy. The
people who are represented in the Legislature
have an interest in having the courts held. It
is certain that there is a great complaint in the
Territories against the Federal officers, be-
cause tliey are absent so much from the Terri-
tories, and that is an evil that ought to be
corrected ; but I think in passing a bill like
this we are not going in the direction of cor-
rection. To let the judges fix the districts to
suit themselves, instead of allowing it to be
done by the Legislature, is certainly not to
the interest of the people as much as it is to
the convenience of the judges, and therefore
I will not vote for it.
Mr. WADE. These additional sections
are offered because we have been besought
by the people of almost every Territory, for
some years past, to provide for biennial in-
stead of annual elections. They do not be-
lieve it to be necessary to assemble their
Legislature every year. A good many of the
public men of this Territory have been here,
and they all say it will be a saving of expense
and more convenient to them to have biennial
sessions; and we thought, on the whole, we
would try it, at their request. It will be an
improvement, and as the people seem to want
it, so far as the committee were informed on
the subject, we thought it would be well to try
it, and I think myself it would be an improve-
ment. I do not believe there is any necessity,
generally, for their meeting every year. The^y
are scattered over this large Territory, and it
is very inconvenient and quite expensive for
the Legislative Assembly to meet. I am in-
clined to think they will get along just as well
with biennial sessions, and therefore I was
willing they should try it. This amendment is
adapted to secure that end, and that is all there
is about that.
As regards the bill itself, the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] lias stated the facts
that appeared to the committee to require this
change: that there was a controversy between
the judges and the Legislative Assembly, and
it seemed to us best to grant this power to tho
judges. I have no apprehension that the
judges, any more than the Legislative Assem-
bly, would so arrange the districts as not to be
for the best advantage of all concerned. They
certainly know as much about it, and I have
no doubt would do it as honestly and fairly.
I hone the bill will pass.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senator
takes his seat, T will suggest to him that some
days since he introduced a resolution, which
was slightly modified, and he accepted the
modification, calling upon the Department for
information as to the time the territorial of-
ficers have spent in the Territories. Now, I
propose that ho let this bill lie over until we
get that information. I should like to know
how far the judges themselves are interested
in this question, and that report of the Depart-
ment will perhaps give us a little information.
It may appear that these are among the judges
who have not been in the Territories very
much ; and [ suggest to the Senator to let the
bill lie over until we get that report.
Mr. WADE. I will inform the Senator that
that resolution does not go any further than
the Governors of Territories, if I recollect
aright.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Oh, yes, it does.
Mr. WADE. I think not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator made an
inquiry as to a particular officer, and I pro-
posed as an amendment to include all Federal
officers of all the Territories. We shall get
that information in a few days, and then we
can see a little more about it. I think this is
singular legislation, and therefore I would
rather it should be postponed until we get that
information.
Mr. WADE. I would not be adverse to
that were it not that the session is drawing to
a close and this is a Senate bill, and unless
we get it through very soon there will^ not be
any opportunity for it to pass, and I think, for
the convenience of the people in this Territory,
the bill ought to pass.
Mr. NESMITH. I do not object to tho
proposition contained in the amendment as
to the biennial legislative sessions. I think
that is proper. What I do object to, and what
I think is improper, is the provision that theso
judges shall determine the amount of labor
that they shall perform for their salaries, and
fix the districts in which they shall perform
that service, in contradistinction to the Legis-
lature. I believe the Legislature are better
qualified to do that.
Now, sir, there has been some hasty legisla-
tion on this subject. Only this week a bill
passed hero for the purpose of correcting the
evil of the absence of Federal officers in the
Territories from their posts. I must say, with
all deference to the Senate, who passed that
bill, that I believe they have infinitely increased
the evils which were intended to be remedied.
Heretofore officers could only be absent by
permission of the President. If they were ab-
