1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1635
connection with each other; they are for dif-
ferent things; but the House saw fit, for brev-
ity sake, to put them together in one bill. This
bill does not grant an extension of either pat-
ent. It merely authorizes the Commissioner
to hear the cases and determine whether there
shall be an extension or not. The law requires
that an application for an extension of a patent
should be made to the Commissioner ninety
days before the expiration of the patent. In
one of these cases, the case of Mann, and that
is for an improvement in copying paper, the
patentee was in Europe, was not aware of the
time when his time expired, and did not return
from Europe in season to make his application
within the ninety days. He made his applica-
tion to the Commissioner before the expiration
of the patent, but not more than ninety days
before the expiration of it. There was not
time enough to give the notice required and
have the hearing before the expiration of the
patent.
In the other case, the case of SennefF, his
application to the Commissioner was not made
until the patent had expired. SennefF had
enlisted in the Army, and was with our Army
in the South at the time of the expiration of
the patent. That is his excuse for not making
his application to the Commissioner more than
ninety days before the expiration of the patent.
This bill merely authorizes both of these pat-
entees to apply to the Commissioner and have
a hearing now, as they would have been entitled
to by law had they made the application ninety
days before the expiration of their patents,
and for the Commissioner to hear the case and
determine whether there ought to be an exten-
sion of the patent or not. In this bill also, for
the sake of caution and for the protection of
the rights of everybody else, if anybody has
gone into the use of either of these patents in
this interim of time, a clause has been added
to the bill saving the rights of any such person,
if any there be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In former years we
have been very particular about authorizing
the extension of patents. The Senator from
Vermont tells us that this is merely to author-
ize these parties to go before the Commissioner
and submit the question to him as to whether
the patents should be extended. That is all
we have ever done, or at least all that we have
done for many years. Congress has not for a
long time by direct act extended any patent.
There are two objections to this. One is that
we are excusing parties for not applying within
the time required by law. If I understand the
Senator from Vermont correctly, he said the
reason that one of these parties did not apply
for the extension within the time required by
law was that he did not know when his patent
expired, and he was abroad. Is that any rea-
son to excuse a man, that he did not know the
requirement of the law? You will always
excuse parties if you act on such a principle
as that.
But there is another objection. The Senator
says there is a clause put on this bHl to protect
parties who may have engaged in the manufac-
ture of the patented article since the patent
expired. It needed no such clause as that.
That clause, if I understand it correctly, is
perfectly nugatory. What is it? It is to pro-
tect those parties in the articles they have
manufactured in the mean time. Why of
course they are protected. There is no patent
existing, and they had a right to manufacture
them. I know nothing about these particular
patents; but if they be valuable discoveries it
is altogether probable that parties have engaged
since the expiration of the patents in the man-
ufacture of the articles. They may have erected
establishments and may have invested large
amounts of capital in the manufacture of these
articles; and what then? You come in here
and by an act of Congress authorize these pat-
ents to be extended; and then what is their
condition? They are perfectly at the mercy
of the patentees. Their capital is invested in
this establishment, and they are at their mercy,
because they may break them up, or make
them pay whatever sum they please before they
can be permitted to go on and manufacture the
articles.
I do not think any sufficient excuse is given
for the non-application within the time allowed
by law in the case of the party who was abroad.
The case is a little stronger as to the soldier
who was in the Army; still his application could
have been made I suppose through others with-
out his personal attendance. I should feel
more inclined to sustain that case than the
other ; but this is a species of legislation alto-
gether more loose than we have been in the
habit of indulging in for many years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the regular
order of business, the bill from the House of
Representatives which was under considera-
tion when the recess was taken. I think it
desirable to proceed with that.
Mr. POLAND. I hope we shall be allowed
to proceed and finish this little bill. I think
the country is in no such state of suffering
as will put it to any great damage if we are
allowed to complete the bill now before the
Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It will be remembered
that by resolution this evening was set apart for
the business of the Committee on Patents, and
I agreed with the chairman of that committee
that he might proceed for half an hour or so
until the members of the Senate arrived. As
soon as this matter is disposed of, I propose to
call up the regular order of business.
Mr. POLAND. I have another small case
from the Patent Committee that I should be
glad to have disposed of also ; but I will not
insist upon that if gentlemen will allow me to
proceed with this bill and dispose of it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. As far as I am concerned
I have no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me inquire what
this patent of Mann's is for?
Mr. POLAND. It is for an improvement
in copying paper, and the other one of SennefF
is for an improvement in heddles, if you know
what that is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the Committee on
Patents tell us what it is.
Mr. POLAND. As I understand, heddles
is a part of the harness which separates the
threads. Precisely what the advantage of it
is, and how much better this is than any other,
I am not able to tell.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should be glad to be
informed what is the regular order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business which was before the Senate
at the time of the recess is the proper business
before the Senate; but by common consent
other business has been transacted since.
Mr. WILLEY. I said awhile ago to the
Senator from Oregon that whenever he saw
proper to insist upon the consideration of the
reconstruction bill I would give way, although
it will be within the recollection of the Senate
that this evening was specially set apart for
the consideration of business from the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office. If
that Senator says so now, of course I will give
way now; but I suggest that he allow us to
finish this bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have stated that so far
as I am concerned I have no objection that
this bill may be disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Vermont make any motion on
the subject?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to proceed to the
consideration of ifie amendments of the House
of Representatives to the amendment proposed
by the Senate to House bill No. 1143.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was not aware that the
honorable Senator from Vermont had charge
of this bill. If he has, he has suddenly at-
tained that position. I supposed that I had
charge of the bill. At any rate, I have had
charge of it since it has be«n pending before
the Senateand as this evening was set apart
for the consideration of business from the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, and
as the members had not all arrived at the hour
of half past seven o'clock, I agreed to give way
to the Senator from West Virginia to take up
some patent cases till the members had all
arrived; and I am willing that he should con-
clude this case unless it will lead to discussion
and controversy. If it does, then of course it
is desirable to go on with the regular business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was not aware that the
bill from the House of Representatives was a
patent bill, and that my friend from Oregon
had a caveat on the subject. I had the im-
pression that the bill which was before the
Senate when we took the recess was then in
the charge of my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] and I was not aware that it was now
specially in the charge of my friend from
Oregon. I certainly did not intend to inter-
fere with his patent or copyright or whatever
it may be; but feeling myself that this was the
last of the days when we could send a bill to
his Excellency the President, which might be
acted upon by him and returned to us, (be-
cause I am one of those who believe that
this is the last day, and not yesterday,) I was
not aware that I was interfering with any Sena-
tor's privilege when, as one of the members
of this body, I asked the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of that bill, if it is a bill of
importance and one that ought to be consid-
ered more than this little patent bill, so that
it might be sent to him to-night. I disclaim
any intention to take the charge of any bill in
the care of my friend from Oregon, who, I
know, is much better capable of having charge
of any bill than I am, or indeed than any other
Senator; but I felt that I had a right to ask
the Senate to take up and proceed with busi-
ness that it had commenced and had under
consideration when we took the recess until
this time. Disclaiming, therefore, any charge
of this bill, and simply acting as one Senator,
desirous that we should vote upon a bill of this
great importance, I have made the motion.
Mr. POLAND. I hope that gentlemen who
have charge of matters of national concern,
and cannot agree whether they shall be taken
up or not, will voluntarily retire, and allow
me who have charge of humbler measures to
have them proceeded with; at least to dispose
of this small one. I trust that this motion
will not prevail until this bill is disposed of.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit that it requires
no motion to proceed to the regular order.
We have been proceeding informally, by com-
mon consent, with business reported from the
Patent Office Committee; but it requires no
motion of the Senator from Vermont to pro-
ceed to the regular order. I do not suppose
any Senator has control of the business ot the
Senate; but it is in the power of any Senator
to call for the regular order of business, and
whenever that call is made the other business
is not being proceeded with by common con-
sent.
Mr. POLAND. I understand that, by a vote
of the Senate, the session this evening was to
be devoted to the special order, and the regu-
lar order of business for this evening was
business from the Patent Committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that this
bill, the reconstruction bill as it is called, was
before the Senate, and that informally and by
common consent, being the nnfinished busi-
ness when we took the recess, it gave way for
the patent business.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us take a vote on
this bill, and then I will call up the special
order; I do not want to cut off these gentle-
men in the middle of its consideration, though
I shall call up the other bill if there is to be
any more discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to postpone the present and all prior
orders and proceed to the consideration of the
bill which was before (be Senate at the time
of the recess.
