1866.
T0® :OOFGteSION^L- GLOBE.
constitution prohibited the "immigration into
that State of free persons of color; atid it'was
claimed by' some that they being cltfzens'of the
United States could not, under the Federal
Constitution, be excluded from th« right of
immigrationtotheStateofMissouri. Tosettle
that question, as a rnatter of compromise, this
act was adopted, whj'ch amounts, to just this,
that that clause in the constitution of the State
of Missouri shall not be so construed by the
Legislature of Missouri as to authorize the enact-
ment of'anyl4"tf in violation- of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. " This act of Con-
gress accepted by Missouri did not propose to
change the constitution of Missouri at all, but
was a declaration that the constitution of Mis-
souri should not be construed so as to make it
in violation of the Constitution of the United
States.
But what is proposed here? It is proposed
by the Senator from Missouri to change the
constitution of Nebraska. Now, does Nebraska
come here as a State with a constitution? If
a constitution, then how was that constitution
adopted? No Senator has claimed that the
constitution of Nebraska was adopted merely
by the act of the Legislature. It has greater
force altogether than a mere legislative act. It
is claimed to be a fundamental law deriving its
validity and its force and power from the will
and act of the people. A constitutional con-
vention, it is understood, may adopt a consti-
tution witlfout submitting it to the people,
because the delegates are elected for that pur-
pose. The act of the delegates in constitu-
tional conventions is the act of the people, and
they may make a law above an enactment by a
Legislature, a law that shall govern a Legis-
lature.
Then it was the act of the people in voting upon
this constitution that gave it the force of a con-
stitution. Now, how can that constitution
that is adopted be changed ? Can Congress do
it? The Senator from Ohio, who has charge
of this bill has argued most emphatically that
Congress cannot,. Congress cannot change the
constitution of a State proposing admission into
the Union. Then this act of^ongress proposed
by the Senator from Missouri will not change
the constitution of Nebraska. Then how is it
to be changed ? By submitting this act of Con-
gress to the Legislature of Nebraska, and then
saying that the Legislature of Nebraska acting
with Congress may change the constitution;
in other words, Congress and the Legislature of
a State may make a bargain by which the con-
stitution of that State may be changed.
I presume that this constitution has some
provision in regard to its own amendment aijd
how it shall be amended, and I suppose that
that is by some formal proceeding which shall
secure the judgment and wishof the people on
the subject: but we propose to change the con-
stitution upon a subject over which the State
has exclusive control. Upon the subject of
franchise we_ propose to change that con-
stitution and in effect to strike out the word
'"white" andto allow white and black to vote,
not by the voice of the people, not in any form
ot proceeding which has ever been recognized
as changing a constitution, but by a bargain
between Congress and the Legislature of the
State. I submit to Senators whether that can
be done. Can we now propose to the Legis-
lature of Nebraska to change this Constitu-
tion which was adopted by the people; and
if the Legislature of Nebraska agrees to it,
will that make a constitution for Nebraska?
If we can makeone provision of a constitution,
can we not make an entire constitution in that
way ; and is it possible that Congress can sub-
mit to a territorial Legislature a proposed con-
stitution and that being accepted by the ter-
ritorial Legislature it shall become a govern-
ment for the people and bind all future legis-
. lation ? I do not understand the most liberal
to have ever gone so far. This, sir, is all I
desire to sav on this point.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, every step
we have taken in this discussion shows its im-
portance, its magnitude. It is important as a
precedent; butlsubmitthatit becomes of trans:
cendent importance when we consider its bear-
ing upon our duties to the rebel States. It is on
that account that I do not sympathize withmy
friend before me [Mr. Wade] when he seeks
to press this 'to so-swift a conclusion. There
are Senators _ here who are now anxious to
speak upon it. There is the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] who never speaks
without engaging the attention of the Senate
and saying what we are all glad to listen to.
There are other Senators here who, unless I
have been misinformed, are anxious to be
he'ard upon this great question; and yet the
Senator from Ohio insists that we shall stay
here to vote while those Senators are prac-
tically silenced. He knows very well that at
this late hour they will not undertake to speak.
When therefore he presses his vote, it is to
press them to be silent.
Now, sir, I cannot sympathize with that. I
think that the time has come for the adjourn-
ment to-day. Let us go home and consider
the new form which this proposition assumes,
consider the criticism which is made by the
Senator from from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks.]
That certainly is entitled to much weight. I
di^not say, however, that it is entirely cor-
rect ; but I do say that before we embark in
favor of this proposition and commit the for-
tunes of the .Republic to it, we "ought to con-
sider its character. We ought to consider
whether in all respects it is sea-worthy, whether
it can carry us safely over the great sea which
we are to traverse. Let us therefore consider
it carefully and let Senators who desire to speak
upon it be heard. Do not let them be silenced
by what I would almost call a snap judgment.
This question, sir, has not been considered in
this Chamber according to its dignity. It has
not been debated enough. Senators do not
yet see its importance, its grandeur, and how
essential its right settlement is to the peace,
security, and welfare of this Republic. If you
go wrong on this question, sir, you do more
than yon can do in any other way to shut the
gates of peace on this Republic. I say, there-
fore, for the sake of the Republic and that we
may bring about a settlement of the great ques-
tion before us, let us carefully now consider the
form which the proposition shall assume on
which we are to vote. In that view, sir,
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President——
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not propose to
debate it, but I propose to suggest to the Sen-
ate and to the Senator having this bill in charge
that-as we adjourn to-morrow for the holidavs,
some of us will want to start home to-mor-
row evening, and it is desirable to have a vote
on this bill at some early hour to-morrow. We
have frequently agreed upon an hour for a vote,
and I suggest that we take a vote on this bill
at four o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. That will do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before that vote is taken
I ask the Senator to withdraw the motion for
a moment and I will renew it if he desires.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw it to accommo-
date the Senator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I propose, if there be
no objection, that it be considered the sense
of the Senate that we shall take the vote at four
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN. I suggest that some Sena-
tors who are going away may probably start
to-night, and there may be no quorum here to-
morrow.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know of 110 Senators
going to start to-night.
Mr. BROWN. I know of several.
Mr. WADE. I know that wher; debates run
into the night they take very long, and latterly
we have been in the habit of making some
arrangement as to the time of taking the vote.
That seems to shorten debate and be more
satisfactory. We have done it frequently.
Now, if I can be assured that we shall have a,
quorum here to-morrow and we can agree updn
an hour when we shall certainly get the ques-
tion and finish the bill before the final adjourn-
ment I shall be willing to accede to that, inas-
much as several gentlemen want to be heard:
Of course, nothing can be done here that is
binding among us, but if there is ah un<3er-
standing that there will be a quorum here 
Mr. TRUMB ULL. There will be a quorntiij
I have no doubt.
Mr. WADE. Then with that understanding,
if Senators assent to it all around, I'shall not
resist an adjournment any longer.
Mr. BROWN. I do not assent to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Now the motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. -Tile Sen-
ator from Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I yield to the Senator
from Pennsylvania who wishes to say a word.
Mr. BUCKALEW. A bill like this ought
to be voted upon with the Senate full, and if
a number of members are going away to-night
or in the morning it would be manifestly im-
proper to take the vote on this subject to-mofi-
row. As to myself, I am willing to conform
my action to the pleasure of the majority of
the Senate. I have been with an observant
eye during the day looking to a point of time
when I could address the Chair, not for the
purpose of making a general discourse such as
we have listened to, but for the narrow pur-
pose, perhaps the unusual purpose in connec-
tion with such debates, of speaking upon the
question itself and stating distinctly the rear
sons why I vote against this particular bill ani
shall vote against the bill which will follow it,
and shall also at the present or future sessions
vote against the several other bills of like char-
acter which will follow these.
Now, sir, Ibeg to remark thatalthough this de-
bate has been somewhat protracted, although it
has gone over several days of the session of the
Senate, and it has appeared no doubt tedious
to gentlemen, yet we are discussing a question
of the first magnitude and a question that will
not expend its force and its interest with the
present measure. Since the conclusion of the
war we are passing upon the general question
of tbe admission of States; and it will be a
calamity, it will be an inconvenience, it will
be an evil if the Senate, for the purpose of
getting a hurried vote should commit itself
upon this bill, because the position we assume
here is a position which will control and per-
haps ought to control our action hereafter. -
Several gentlemen who have spoken are
interested with reference to the connection of
this bill with the general subject of suffrage.
I feel no interest upon that point, but I do feel
a deep and a real interest, and I have a right to
feel it as the representative of a State of
three _ million people, in the question of the
magnitude of the new States which are here-
after to be introduced into this Union ; of the
time, manner, and circumstances under which
constitutions framed by them shall be received
as the basis of their introduction into this Con-
federacy of States.
Now, sir, I have some ideas that I would
desire to express to the Senate, not after this
bill is passed and the subsequent one, but now
before the judgment of the Senate is pro-
nounced. I do not know that anything I can
say will change the ultimate vote of this body
on the question we are now considering; but
I desire to take up the enabling acts introduced
in 18G4 by the Senator from Ohio as the organ
of the Committee on Territories; to show the
circumstances under which those bills were
passed; the objects in their enactment; and
then to follow that out by a statement of the
several steps which have since been taken in
these Territories and in Congress with reference
to their admission, and to show from an exam-
ination or exploration of this new field of
inquiry that there are considerations which have
not yet been presented to the Senate in this
debate, which according to the best of my judg-
ment ought to be considered before this ques-
tion is determined.
