193$
THEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 20',
Tbe question being put it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is some misunder-
standing about this.matter. I understand that
the debate is exhausted on the patent bill, and
that we were about to take the vote upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The debate is not ex-
hausted. I think the bill ought not to pass.
I have something to say upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. If the Sena-
tor is opposed to it we had better take up the
other bill.
Mr. WILLEY. I trust that my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] who has charge of this
bill, seeing that it is going to lead to delay, will
consent now to give way to the other measure.
We do not want to exhaust the whole time of
the evening about matters that have no par-
ticular merit in them.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HENDRICKS (after first voting in the
affirmative) said : As I am a member of the
Committee on Patents, and expect that we
shall soon finish the bill that is before the
Senate, I shall change my vote and vote '' nay.''
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state that the
Senator from Iowa who sits near me, [Mr.
Grimes,] not being well this afternoon, asked
me to pair off with him on this reconstruction
bill. I thought perhaps that this motion might
be regarded as a question upon that bill, and
I have therefore withheld my vote.
The result was then announced—yeas 23,
nays 12 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattel!, Chandler, Con-
-less, Cragin, Creswel' " . —
Fowler, Frelinghnysi
 tuOnyj V<iiWl 11 V/il(IUUiCi| VUP"
ness, Cragin, Creswell, Edmunds. Fessenden, Fogg,
n, Henderson, Howe, McDou
iowler, Frelmghnysen, Henderson, Howe, Mclrou-
gall, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Ross, Sherman,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, and Williams—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Hendricks, Lane. Nestnith, Patterson, Poland, Ram-
sey. Van Winkle, and Willey—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown. Doolittle, Foster, Grimes,
Guthrie, Harris, Howard, Johnson, Kirkwood, Nor-
ton,Nye, Riddle, Saolsbvrry, Sprague, Wade, Wilson,
and \ ates—17.
So the motion was. agreed to.
GOVERNMENT OF SOUTHERN STATES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
amendments of the House of Representatives
to the amendment of tbe Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 1143) to provide for the more efficient
government of the insurrectionary States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now offer an amend-
ment to the amendment, which I send to the
table and ask to have read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add to section six of the House amend-
inents the following;
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to disfranchise any persons in cithor ot
the said States fromvotingorholdingoHice who have
received pardon and amnesty in accordance with the
Constitution and laws.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, for the
good faith of this Government I hope that I
can get the ear of the Senate and the ear of
every Senator; for I believe that if this amend •
went be considered in the light of tbe law and
the Constitution it will be adopted. I could
hope that it would be adopted unanimously
by the Senate.
I must say, Mr. President, after what oc-
curred just before the recess, the temptation
is exceedingly strong upon me to enter into
that field into which my colleague invited me
in this dicussion; but I am not disposed to
take up the time of the Senate, and will not
follow him any further than to say that I think
be has not done entire justice in the remarks
which he has made on this occasion in relation
to a young gentleman,an officer in our Army,
who fought for two or three years in the war,
and one of the best soldiers in our Army, from
the county of Racine, in the State of Wisconsin.
My honorable friend from Oregon, [Mr. Wii,-
UamS,] in rising and stating that he had as-
certained that this young man, Mr. Willard,
was one of the most venomous kind of Cop-
perheads, has also, I thick, done him injus-
tice. For myself Istate frankly I do not know,
and never have known, what his political
views were; but from the fact that he enlisted
in our Army, fought bravely, was promoted to
be an officer, and was regarded as one of the
finest young officers in that section of our
country, I believed that he was a patriot and a
good Union man; and I supposed he was a
Lincoln and Johnson man in 1804. But I pro-
fess to have no knowledge on that subject, and
may be mistaken as to his political views.
My colleague also thought proper to go over
the ground of the New Orleans riot. I shall
not follow him there on this occasion. In
relation to the condition of the South, which
he diseussed at some conaiderable length, I
wish not to be misunderstood. I have never
assumed before the Senate that no outrages
existed in the southern States. What I claim
is tliat the statements which we have in the
public press throughout the northern States
are many of them, if not the most of them,
gross misrepresentations of the facts. I will
conclud# all I have to flay on this occasion on
that branch of the case by reading a letter
which I have that does not concern Wisconsin
at all, and will not invite a discussion of any-
thing concerning the affairs of Wisconsin or
the men of Wisconsin. It is a letter from a
gentleman from Vermont, who, about a year
and a half ago, after the rebellion was over
and peace had come, removed from the State
of Vermont with his family to purchase lands
and make his home in the State of Alabama.
I refer to Mr. J. De Forrest Richards. I will
read what he says:
"You inquire with regard to tho political and
social condition of things at the South, and whether
northern men are safe there. I can speak more
particularly of the Stato of Alabama where I have
resided a largo share of the time for more than a
year past. I have traveled somewhat extensively
during this time in the adjoining States, and have
been thrown in company with naon in almostall con-
ditions of society. 1 am happy iu being able to say
that I have uniformly and without exception been
treated with respect and kindness. Thero are a large
number of northern men in the State of Alabama.
With many of these I am personally acquainted."
The letter bears date the 10th of this month :
"I have never seen or heard of an instance where
a northern man has been treated with violence or
has been disturbed in the prosecution of his lawful
business. I say what I know to be truo when I af-
firm that northern men are as safe in Alabama as
they are in Massachusetts or in NewYork; and their
rights are as safely guarded by the civil authorities.
All reports to the contrary are false and slanderous,
and are suited to disturb the pcace of both sections
ot the country and prevent the restoration of mutual
confidence and good will, so necessary at this time
for the reconstruction of the late insurrectionary
States and the prosperity of the whole country.
This statement is corroborated by a resolution passed
a few days since by the Legislature of Alabama, in
which they invite immigration from the northern
States, and pledge the civil authority of the State for
the protection of all such as come to engage in law-
ful business and help to develop the resources of the
Commonwealth. The civil courts take cognizance
of all cases of crime and misdemeanor and punish
such offenses according to law. Crime is not more
prevalent, here than at the North;"—
_My honorable friend from Massachusetts
will bear this testimony in mind:
"I think not as much so; and the freedmen are on
an equality with the white men before the law. I
have known very few cases where colored men have
been treated with abuse or violence. In all such
cases their rights have been maintained before a
civn tribunal with as much justice and promptness
as^in tho case of white men.
" Very respectfully and truly yours.
"J. BE FORREST RICHARDS."
This gentleman, who is a clergyman, removed
from the State of Vermont with his sons at the
close of the war to purchase lands in the State
of Alabama, and has been residing there ever
since.
Now, Mr. President, I do not propose to go
any further into that subject by way of reply to
anything that fell from my colleague, hut come
directly to the question pending before the Sen-
ate, and to the amendment which I have now
offered. Let us understand precisely the posi-
tion of this measure before the Senate. For
the House bill the Senate substituted its amend-
ment. The House have agreed to the Senate
amendment with an amendment, the substance i
of which amendment, both sections taken to- !
getlier, is this: first, that no person shall vote I
or hold an office within any of those State* who I
would be disqualified from holding office if tho
constitutional amendment should be adopted;
secondly, that those States are to be regarded
as mere Territories or provisional governments,
subject to the paramount and exclusive author-
ity of the Congress of the United States. Tho
amendment which 1 propose provides that noth-
ing contained in the provisions of this bill shall
disfranchise any man who has received pardon
and amnesty under the proclamations of the
President according to law.
The Congress of the United States in July,
1862, passed a law in which it was provided,
among other things, that one part of the pun-
ishment for the offense of treason should be as
follows:
" That every person guilty of either of the offenses
described in this act shall be forever incapable an4
disqualified to hold any office under theUnitod States."
By the thirteenth section of the same act it
was enacted:
"That the President is hereby authorized at any
time hereafter by proclamation to extend to persons
who may have participated in the existing rebellion
in any State or part thereof pardon and amnesty,
with such exceptions and. at such time and on suca
conditions as he may deem expedient for the publio
welfare."
To say nothing of the power of the Pres-
ident to extend pardon under the Constitution,
as the Chief Executive Magistrate of the Re-
public, there is no doubt whatever that the
Congress of the United States by this act,
passed in 1802, authorized the President by
proclamation to grant pardon and amnesty to
any and all persons who had participated in
this rebellion, upon such terms and conditions
as he should deem expedient for the public
welfare. Pursuant to this law of Congress,
which remained upon the statute-book in full
force and unrepealed until January in the
present year, Mr. Lincoln, as President of
the United States, issued two proclamations, ia
which he invited those who had participated
in the rebellion to return to their allegiance
to the Government, promising them that , if
they took a certain oath they should have full
pardon. Mr. Johnson, in 1865, in pursuance
of the same authority with which he wa3
clothed by Congress, following the example
of Mr. Lincoln, renewed this offer of pardon
and amnesty upon the condition of taking the
oath, which he prescribed in his proclamation,
with certain exceptions which were specified
by him. and which he had a right to specify
under the statute. I have those proclamations
before me, and as I propose to leave no doubt
on this subject I will refer to the language of
the proclamation of Mr. Lincoln in December,
1863. I will read a portion of the recital:
" Whereas, with reference tosaid rebellion and trea-
son, laws have been enacted by Congress declaring
forfeitures and confiscation of property and libera-
tion of slaves, all upon terms and conditions therein
stated, and also declaring that tho President was
tberereby authorized at any time thereafter, by proc-
lamation, to extend to persons who may have partici-
pated in tho existing rebellion, in any State or part
thereof, pardon and amnesty, with such exceptions
and at such times and on such conditions as he may
deem expediont for the public welfare: and whereas
the congressional declaration for limited and condi-
tional pardon accords with well-cstiblished judicial
exposition of the pardoning power: and whereas,
with reference to said rebellion, the President of the
United States has issued several proclamations with
provisions in regard to the liberation of slaves; and
whereas it is now desired by some persons hcretdioro
engaged in said rebellion to resume thei* allegiance
to the United States and to reinaugurate loyal State
governments within and for their respective States •
Therefore
"I. Abraham Lincoln, President of tho United
States, do proclaim, declare, and uiake known to all
persons who have, directly or by implication, par-
ticipated in the existing rebellion.except as herein-
after excepted, that a tull pardon is hereby granted
to them and each of them, with restoration of all
rights of property, except as to slaves, and in prop-
erty cases where rights of third parties shall have
intervened.
Now, what is the condilicm ?
« And upon the condition that every such person
soaU take and subscribe an oath and thenceforward
♦V? maintain said oath inviolate; ami which
oath shall be registered for permanent preservation,
and shall be of tho tonor and ofTect following, to
wit:
.. I T"~ ~—"  do solemnly swear, in presence ot"
Almighty God that I will henceforth faithfufly fup-
an<^ defend the Constitution of tho
nit*d State** and the Uoioo of the Siatea there*
