960
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
February 2,
sent without that permission they forfeited
their salaries during the time they were absent.
The bill- that we passed the other day is of the
same character, I think, with the bill now
pending. It provides that an officer may be
absent from the Territory thirty days without
any leave of absence, but he must not be absent
more than thirty days at one time. Now, sir,
there are three Territories very nearly contig-
uous to the State in which I reside, and many
of the officers of those Territories are appointed
from that State. Under the provisions of the
bill which you passed the other day it would
only require the Federal officers in the adjoin-
ing Territories to remain in their Territories
twelve days in a year; that is, they could be
absent thirty days, and then by returning one
day be absent thirty more. Under the opera-
tion of that law I am satisfied that the people
of the Territories will be deprived of the ser-
vices of the Federal officers to a greater extent
than heretofore. The evil will be very much
increased by the passage of that bill. I think
this bill is of the same character. It is calcu-
lated to relieve the Federal judges from dis-
charging any duties in this Territory except
such as they may determine in their own pleas-
ure that they will discharge for the compensa-
tion which they receive from the Government.
If it be satisfactory to the Senate, I should
prefer that the bill would go over until it can
be more thoroughly investigated.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not suppose it is
necessary or proper at the present time to dis-
cuss a bill that has passed the Senate. I
entirely disagree with the views expressed by
my colleague. Everybody knows that the
great mischief is that the office-holders in the
Territories come to Washington and spend their
time in Washington, and they do that with the
leave of the President, which can always be
obtained by an influential friend or a telegraphic
dispatch. The object was to keep them in the
Territories to which they were assigned in the
faithful performance of-their duties, and that
will be the effect of the bill to which my col-
league refers.
Now, as to this bill, so far as these judges
are concerned, I know that they have been in
the Territory and have been engaged faithfully
in the performance of their duty. It is a mys-
tery to the Senator from Indiana how a Legisla-
tive Assembly can incommode judges by legis-
lation. Suppose a man who has a family lives
in a certain city, has his home and his property
there, and the Legislative Assembly provide
that he shall hold court in a district two hun-
dred miles distant from his place of residence.
Suppose again that they make the districts
two and three hundred miles long for the very
purpose of compelling the judges to perform
a great amount of traveling at very great ex-
pense, when the districts might be arranged in, a
compact form so as to accommodate the judges
and to accommodate the suitors in the Territory.
These judges have duties to perform under
the organic act of the Territory. This bill
simply provides that they shall determine as to
the times and places where those courts shall
be held, and there is no reason to suppose that
these judges will fail to perform their whole
duty, because if they do so they arc guilty of a
delinquency which will be ground for their
removal. I am satisfied from representations
made to me that this legislation is neces-
sary and just. I do not desire to go into par-
ticulars. I do not desire to say anything here
offensive to anybody more than is absolutely
necessarybut I think I understand the system
of proceedings in that Territory, and I believe
that this legislation is just to good judges and
necessary for their protection, to enable them
to perform their duties and to meet the wants of
thepeopleof the Territory. If districts are made
so that it is exceedingly difficult or impossible
for the judges to go to the different counties,
then the responsibility of not attending the
courts is thrown upon them, and they are made
responsible to the people for not performing
their duties in accordance with impracticable
and unjust legislation.
As to this being an innovation it is alto-
gether a mistake. I know it from experience
while I was judge in Oregon Territory, as I
have before stated. This law was in force
there, and I never heard that anybody com-
plained that the courts were not attended by
the judges, and their duties performed satis-
factorily to the people; and so in all the other
Territories. The law applied at one time to
every Territory in the United States, and it
would have applied to these Territories, but
they have been organized since that law took
effect.
There is no occasion- for delay about this
matter. This is a bill that is offered in good
faith, and I hope it will pass. It is intended
to promote the interests of the people of Idaho
Territory, not to promote the interests of any
party.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the bill
be postponed until to-morrow and that the
amendment be printed. I do not want to
delay it or to interfere with it, but I should
like to know something more about it.
Mr. WADE. I hope not. We may as well
pass it now as ever.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading ; was read the third time, and
passed.
SAN EKAXCISCO AND PORTLAND MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 157.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House bill No. 71)8, the
bankrupt bill. Does the Senator move to
postpone that?
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator who has that bill in charge will allow it to
lie over informally. The consideration of this
resolution, as will be seen in a moment, is of
considerable importance, and it will occupy, I
think, but a short time. If it should excite any
considerable debate, of course I shall consent
to its going over.
Mr. POLAND. With that understanding I
shall not object to the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California asks that the order of the
day be laid aside informally by unanimous con-
sent, and that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the joint resolution mentioned by
him. It requires, the unanimous consent of the
Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 157) in
relation to ocean mail service between San
Francisco, in California, and Portland, in Ore-
gon. It authorizes the Postmaster General to
employ ocean mail service between San Fran-
cisco, in California, and Portland, in Oregon,
not less than three times per month, in contin-
uation of the service from New York, via
Panama, to San Francisco ; but the cost of the
service is not to exceed $25,000 per annum.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the joint resolution with an
amendment to add the following:
And it is hereby made the duty of the Postmaster
General, after the passage of this act, to advertise
for bids for the performance of the scrvieo herein
provided for, for at least thirty days in at least one
newspaper published in San Francisco and one
paper published at Portland, Oregon, and to con-
tract therefor with the lowest responsible bidder.
Mr. CONNESS. Before the Senate vote
upon the amendment, I ask the Secretary to
read the report of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads accompanying the joint
resolution. It is very brief and will slate the
case without any consumption of time.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
have had under consideration Semitejoint, resolution
No. 157, providing for ocean mail facilities botween
San Francisco and Portland, in Oregon, and report:
That the only means of mail communication be-
tweon California and Oregon at the present time is by
overland from Sacramento to Portland, which re-
quires in thewinterseason about twelvedays to make
the trip. It is over one of the. worst mountain roads
in the world. During thepast year $5,000,000 of
gold were received at San Francisco from Portland
and the north, besides the large commerce in other
articles of merchandise, and yet it takes twelve-days
to have communication between the citizens, parties
to this great business.
There are three steamship lines now running be-
tween San Francisco and Portland, and they make
the trip in three days. This resolution proposes for
a small sum to establish an ocean service to meet this
great want to commerce, and to establish it in con-
tinuation of the ocean mail service between Hew
York and San Francisco.
The committee recommend tho passage of the joint
resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, Mr. President, I
will simply say in addition that the amount
proposed as the maximum to be paid for this
service has been offered by the Department
under former appropriations for similar ser-
vice ; but there was at that time but one steam-
ship line engaged, and they would not perform
the service for S25,000. There are at the
present time three steamship lines, and the
Government will undoubtedly get the service
performed for that or a less sum.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the amount in
the bill?
Mr. CONNESS. The maximum amount is
$25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
MINISTER AT VIENNA.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there will now be
no objection to taking up and acting upon the
resolution I introduced the other day. I do
not wish to say anything about it, but I should
like to have a vote upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate, another
subject being before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the resolution?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if in hi3
opinion not incompatible with the public interests,
a copy of the letter on which the Secretary of State
founded his recent inquiries addressed to Mr. Motley,
minister of the United States at Vienna, with regard
to his reported conversation and opinions, and to
furnish the name of the writer of said letter.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Upon this
resolution the Senator from Maryland is enti-
tled to the floor, having been cut short by the
expiration of the morning hour when it was
last up.
Mr. JOHNSON. I had forgotten it, and
am obliged to the Chair for reminding mo of
it. I did not rise for the purpose of objecting
to the passage of the resolution, although I
could wish for myself that the original resolu-
tion had not been passed, because then we
should not have seen the letter which I read
with very great regret, and which I think the
country read with equal regret. If the Presi-
dent had refused to answer that resolution on
the ground that it was injurious to the public
interest, I think he would' have been sustained
by the public judgment hereafter. As to the
particular letter which is called for, the reso-
lution perhaps will establish a precedent that
may be of mischievous application in the fu-
ture. If the Senate shall claim the right to
ask of the President the grounds upon which,
he appoints or upon which he removes officers,
it would involve him in the duty of bringing
before tho Senate correspondence which was
gent to him ag confidential or sent to the Sec-
