962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
States a small amount, to some 111 other States
none at all, to some in others an unlimited
amount—would such a law be constitutional?
Suppose these precise differences were in the
text of the bill, and we were asked, under
the Constitution of the United States which
authorizes us to pass uniform laws on the sub-
ject of bankruptcy, to vote for it, could we do
it? Is there any Senator on this floor who
would say we could do it?
The idea of the Senator from Nevada is that
this term "a uniform law" means merely a
tmiform distribution of the assets of the bank-
rupt. What are the assets of the bankrupt?
They are different in the different States ac-
cording to the laws of the different States, and
that, as I understand the honorable Senator
from Nevada, satisfies the provision in the
Constitution that the law is to be uniform. You
are to make uniform distribution of the assets
of the bankrupt, and in some States he would
have no assets at all, while in another State a
man situated just as he was might have $100,000
of assets. Is that law uniform? In some of
the States, I repeat, the law now is that a man
may hold property to an unlimited amount and
still under the State law have the benefit of a
discharge from his debts. The situation of
that man prior to his taking the benefit of this
act would be that of a bankrupt; that is to say,
he would owe more debts than he had property
to pay, he might own a homestead exempt from
all liability, unlimited in value, it might, be
worth $100,000; he might owe $100,000, *so
that he would in fact be a bankrupt: but apply-
ing under this bill for its benefits he would
get discharged from his debts and this law
would make him then actually worth $100,000,
whereas before the act he was not worth one
cent. Is that law uniform? Is it just? Is it
honest?
If we cannot in the act itself make discrim-
inations as to the amount of property in one
State and in another which a man may hold,
because of the constitutional requirement of a
uniform law, it seems to me perfectly clear
that we cannot authorize the States to make
these discriminations' and differences. We
cannot allow that to be done indirectly which
we cannot ourselves do directly. The prin-
ciple is plain and positive.
Senators seem quite unwilling that Congress
should interfere very much with Slate laws in
regard to debtor and creditor, and are very
jealous ofanyintermeddlingwith State exemp-
tion laws. At certain times it is very popular
on this floor to talk about, I will not say the
omnipotence of Congress, but the absolute
power of Congress and perfect weakness of
the States. States rights, under certain cir-
cumstances, are sneered at exceedingly in cer-
tain quarters, and the man who talks about
States rights is in danger, I have thought at
times, of being regarded as in sympathy with
traitors. But now if the Congress of the Uni-
ted States undertake to say that a man Who
is in debt shall pay his debts or rather that
his property, except a certain amount, shall
be applied to pay them, if they claim to judge
how much shall be left to him they are ex-
ceeding their legitimate powers and trampling
on State sovereignties. I claim to be a toler-
ably good States rights man and a tolerably
good friend to a national, consolidated govern-
ment. ^ Both these governments are recog-
nized in our system, and each is entitled to
control in its appropriate sphere. I see no
difficulty in allowing the law of Congress *to
be uniform throughout the States on this sub-
ject of bankruptcy, and to set aside State laws
which may interfere in any way with such
uniformity. I see in this no exertion of power
on the part of Congress which is not plainly
given to them by the Constitution. The in-
solvent laws of all the States have always
been considered abrogated, or at all events
their operation suspended during the exist-
ence of a national bankrupt law.
Mr. STE WART. Will the Senator allow me
to ask a question?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose the State of Con-
necticut passes a law allowing a judgment to
become a lien on all the real property of the
debtor, and a judgment is obtained against the
man before he commits an act of bankruptcy.
It becomes a lien on real property. Let us
suppose, then, that in Massachusetts there is no
law allowing a lien on his real property, would
Congress have the power under its authority to
pass uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcy,
to remove that lien in Connecticut so as to
place the debtor there in the same situation as
the debtor in Massachusetts? Or would the
State have the right to take away this property
from the operation of your law, and give it to
a third person through the instrumentality of a
i judgment lien? I submit the question, would
Congress have power to prevent the property
from being encumbered by judgment liens prior
to the act of bankruptcy?
Mr. FOSTER. I have no doubt that Con-
gress would have power to pass an act which
should relieve the property from a lien of that
sort under a State law. I am not aware that
there Has been a doubt expressed by any judi-
cial tribunal upon that subject. Under former
bankruptcy laws' the question arose, not as to
the power of Congress to do it, but as to whether
by the act they had done it. That question
has been considered and different decisions
have been made upon it by different tribunals
under the bankrupt law of 1841.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion. Suppose Congress did not make any
provision on the subject, but left the States to
provide for a lien, would not that, be as strong
an argument against the uniformity of the law
as it would be if the reservation was made in
favor of the party himself? Is there any prac-
tical difference in principle between making
the reservation of the property of the debtor
in favor of a third person to the exclusion of
the mass of the creditors, and making it m
favor of the family of the debtor ? If the res-
ervation in the former case does not destroy
the uniformity of the law, surely it does not
in the latter.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I have no
difficulty in answering the question of the hon-
orable Senator. If Congress passes an act
which relieves property from liens created un-
der State laws 
Mr. STEWART. That of course is prior to
final judgment.
Mr. FOSTER. If the bankrupt law of the
United States did not annul those liens, to my
mind it would not be clear that it was not a
uniform law on the subject of bankruptcy, be-
cause of course those liens, in order to take
effect, must be pursued to final judgment; the
creditor must get his judgment against the
debtor, and show the amount of his debt, and
apply the property under the law to the pay-
ment of that debt. In that case the property
of the debtor goes to pay his honest debts. That
is the effect of the law under those circum-
stances. The effect of this law, if it be carried
out, is, that in some States all a man's prop-
erty shall be taken to pay his debts, and in
other States none of his property shall be taken
to pay them; though in the case where none is
taken he is a man having large property, and
in other States where the bankrupt has but lit-
tle property all goes. There is a wide differ-
ence, to my mind, between the manner in which
property may be applied to the payment of
debts and exempting the whole property of a
bankrupt, no matter how large, from paying
any debt whatever.
And, Mr. President, I am unable myself to
conjure up quite so much sympathy as some
gentlemen seem to feel as to the amount of
property held by a man who is unable to pay
his debts. I have been so unfortunate as to
be in debt myself, and so unfortunate as to
have people in debt to me ; and I have known
more cases where people owed debts who
never paid, who were better off and had more
Eroperty than some of their creditors, than I
ave of cases where debtors made themselves,
or were made poor and destitute for the bene-
fit of creditors. Within the circle of my ob-
servation there are poor creditors, made poor
by their inability to collect their honest debts
of men who may perhaps be owners of home-
steads highly valuable in some States—eighty
acres or more, without limitation as to value.
Where would be the evil to the community if
one of these debtors, if you please poor debt-
ors, with his valuable homestead, should be
compelled to part with it for the benefit of his
poorer creditor, who unfortunately was with-
out a homestead ? The creditor, under such
circumstances, and there are many such, is
quite as deserving of our sympathy and the
benefit of our legislation as the debtor.
This, however, is quite aside from the prin-
ciple that is here involved. The question here
is whether we have power under the Constitu-
tion to pass a law of this sort. The Commit-
tee on the Judiciary have had this matter un-
der consideration, and they report to us that
we cannot pass the bill with this clause in it
without violating the Constitution of the coun-
try. In expressing the opinion that this clause
! must be stricken out or that this law will be
I unconstitutional, I anf following the lead of
the Committee on the Judiciary, who it may
be presumed have examined this question with
care, and whose opinion thus expressed is
entitled to great respect.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. President, I had not
intended to say anything more in reference to
this question than I said yesterday and some
two weeks ago, when this subject was up before."
Notwithstanding the ingenious manner in
which this subject has been presented by my
friends, the Senator from New York and the
I Senator from Connecticut, I am still quite nn-
j convinced that it is necessary to strike out this
] portion of the bill as it passed the House in
j order to make this a uniform bankrupt law. I
| confess that were it not for the very confident
; manner in which these gentlemen and other
! members of the Senate, whose opinions are
i entitled to very great respect, especially upon
■ legal subjects, have declared their opinion that
! this adoption of the homestead exemption laws
, of the different States renders this law open
1 to the objection that it is not uniform, I should
have felt that the objection was entirely friv-
olous.
I think, if it were in our power, if it were
possible for us to adopt the systems of
the different States in relation to the exemp-
tions in favor of poor debtors, every member
of the Senate would say that as a matter of
discretion, as a matter of judgment, as a mat-
ter of prudence, as a matter of safe and
proper legislation it was better to leave that
subject to be regulated by the State Legisla-
tures, who know the circumstances, the wants,
the condition of all their inhabitants, rich and
poor, better than we can. All would agree
that it had better be left to them to say what
mercy should be shown to tho poor debtor,
how the balance should be struck between the
creditor and the debtorin theirrespeotive local-
ities, than we can determine here in this Sen-
ate Chamber.
This is not the objection ; it is that under the
Constitution we have not the .power; that if
we leave any exemptions at all in favor of the
debtors who either voluntarily go into this sys-
tem for the purpose of becoming relieved of
their debts or are driven into it by their cred-
itors, if anything is to be left to them that does
not go into their assets for division among their
creditors, if anything is to be doled out to them
or retained to them out of their property, it
must be by some uniform rule that must be
written down in the law itself.
Mr. President, it seems to me that this is not
necessary in order to make this a uniform sys-
tem of bankruptcy. All the States have ex-
emption laws, and" they are different in their
terms. Some exempt a greater amount of real
estate than others; a greater amount of per-
sonal property is exempted in some States than
in others ; but all the States have laws on the
subject. They have regulated it according to
their own judgment. They say that a debtor
