1867.
THE CONGKESSIOtfAL GLOBE.
1639
position of an officer of the United States.
They say the attorney has an interest in his
profession ; he is an officer of the court; he is
put there by a judgment of the court; he has
rights under that judgment; but an officer is a
creature of the law. Whether that distinction
is well founded or not it is certainly drawn by
the Supreme Court; so that this provision
cannot be said to be repugnant to the decision
of the Supreme Court.
Mr. HliNDRICKS. I do not doubt that if
Congress were to create an office it could de-
clare at the time who should be eligible to fill
it; but if the office has been created, can Con-
gress, by way of punishment, declare some par-
ticular persons ineligible who were before that
act eligible? That is the point I tried to sug-
gest.
Now, the Senator from Nevada says this is
a small matter. Mr. President, I would not
regard it as a small matter if it affected but one
man ; when the rights and equality of all the
States in this country are to be affected it is
important whether it extends to many or few.
One man is as much to be protected in the
enjoyment of a pardon which the President
has given to him as fifty; and I think there is
no force in the argument addressed to me that
it applies to but few individuals. I think there
are very many more than the Senator from
Ohio supposes who would be included in this
legislation; and farther, it was not the judg-
ment of the Senate that there should be such
a restriction as the House ,has proposed. I
believe I have heard no Senator, except per-
haps the Senator from Massachusetts, express
a desire for such a provision. The desire of
the Senate has been that the right to vote
should be free to all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say to my friend
from Indiana that two thirds of the party to
which I belong in the House of Representa-
tives were of the same opinion, that no such
restriction should be put on; but these amend-
ments were forced on this bill by the Demo-
cratic party. I do not say it complainingly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Ohio what single Democrat in the House of
Representatives voted for it; can he name one?
Mr. SHERMAN. I wj|l say this: that the
Democratic party, by resorting to what are
called filibustering tactics, prevented a vote
on the bill and prevented the adoption of the
Senate amendment; and then this morning,
when our bill could have been passed finally
without amendment, by their course they com-
pelled the friends of the measure to yield to
these amendments, so that if these restrictions
operate severely and harshly upon the south-
ern people in reorganizing the southern States,
it is not the Union party that imposes them,
but the Democratic party.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If two thirds of the
Senator's party in the House of Represent-
atives is opposed to these amendments that
come here from the House of Representatives,
I do not see how they got on to the bill, for
there was not a single Democrat in favor of
them or who voted for them ; and it has been
a singular kind of voting in the House that
sends them here. It is a fact that not one
Democrat voted for them. I suppose that
when the Senator speaks of filibustering pro-
ceedings he refers to the fact that the Dem-
ocratic party refused to vote for the previous
question. I think they generally vote against
calling the previous question, and I sustain
them in doing it. When grave and important
legislation is on hand I do not think it ought
to be passed under the previous question; a
fair opportunity for debate ought to be allowed,
full and free debate, and it is not filibuster-
ing when gentlemen of the House of Repre-
sentatives vote against the call for the previous
question. These amendments were passed
through the House of Representatives without
a single Democratic vote, and there is no
necessity and no propriety on the part of the
Senator undertaking to throw the responsi-
bility on the minority. A minority of less
than one third is never responsible for legis-
lation. Is there a sort of leadership in the
House of Representatives that compels two
thirds of the majority to go with one third of
the majority? The Senator from Ohio says
that two thirds of his party in the House of
Representatives are opposed to these restric-
tions. Then how does it come that they were
adopted by the House of Representatives?
Is there a sort of leadership that compels
them to vote against their wish?
I think the Senator.from Ohio, being the
author of the measure as it passed the Senate,
ought to accord to this suggestion: the Senate
has been opposed to this proposition ; in every
vote given on the subject the Senate has been
against it. Now, the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin reduces the number of
persons to be affected by this legislation that
we do not like. Why not, then, adopt it?
Suppose there were a question about tho
points made by the Senator from Nevada or
the Senator from Vermont, the proposition of
the Senator from Wisconsin brings the meas-
ure nearer to the expressed judgment of the
Senate than it is as it now stands; why not,
then, allow the pleasure of the Senate govern
so far as we can?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I wish to make some
remarks in consequence of what has just been
said. We are informed that two thirds of the
political majority of the House of Represent-
atives were indisposed to attach to this bill the
amendments which have been sent to us. It
is equally clear that the political minority in
the House, to a man, are opposed to them.
If then, it be true that the larger part of the
mass of votes in that House that constitute the
majority are adverse to these amendments,
and if the record proves that every member
of the political minority in the House is opposed
to these amendments, pray, why should we not
refuse to concur in them, and let this over-
whelming and almost unanimous vote in the
House concur with us in our repudiation of
these odious amendments, in favor of which
there has been but one voiae given in this
Chamber during the whole debate ; I mean in
favor of them upon their merits. If there be
any truth or force in these suggestions which
are to go out to the country and to influence
the judgments of our fellow-citizens with ref-
erence to our proceedings, then the course of
action for the Senate is made perfectly clear.
It is so plain that the most ignorant man in
the country who reads our debates cannot miss
seeing where the truth lies, and where pro-
priety lies upon this subject. Yes, sir, let us
non-concur in the amendments of the House,
and allow an oppressed majority in that branch
of Congress to relieve themselves from the
responsibility of these doubtful and odious
amendments. I go with my whole heart for
the relief of the House of Representatives
from the false position in which they are placed.
I do not desire that the filibustering pro-
ceedings under the lead of the master of the
House should place that interesting branch of
the legislative department in a false position
before the country, or place upon our statute-
book an enactment which ought not to go
there ; an enactment which is not the deliberate
sense of a clear majority of the House of Rep-
resentatives, fairly expressed, without duress,
without the operation of filibustering in that
House, which we are told is the great evil
which causes such bad amendments to come
back to us upon our bills. Why, sir, nothing
can be more certain, upon the statement of the
Senator from Ohio, nay, sir, independent of
his statement, nothing can be more certain upon
general facts which we know, than that if the
Senate expresses its own opinion on this subject
and refuses to concur the House will agree
with our action. There is no necessity now
for our pressing this measure to a final action
in the two Houses to-night or to-morrow. The
interesting question of a ten-day limitation in
executive action which was talked of is past,
and is not now involved. If we do not act
within one day or two days in both Houses,
and get our bill transcribed aud send it to the
President, it is all the same thing; there is now
no advantage to be gained by harried action,
as we are within ten days of the time of ad-
journment. Hence, there is no reason, so far
as I can see, why we should concur in the
the amendments of the House. Gentlemen do
not stand up to defend them upon their merits.
Gentlemen tell us that they were not the delib-
erate senoe of the majority of the House ; and
there is no question now as to time upon which
we should disregard considerations which would
otherwise weigh with us.
Upon every ground, therefore, I go for non-
concurrence, as an act of justice to the coiir-
dvnate branch of the legislative department,
r.nd especially as an act of justice to that
suffering political majority in the House which
has undergone such oppression in this case ;
which was hurried into votes which it ought
not to have given.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I did not
intend to disturb our friends. I only stated
the exact truth, that these amendments are not
the amendments of the Union party, which is
as clear as any proposition in Euclid can be
made. This body, by the unanimous vote of
the Union members, sent to the House a pro-
position which contained no prohibition of any
man exercising the elective franchise. It was
the deliberately-considered proposition of the
Union party. It was sent to the House. That
same proposition, in the same words, received
the sanction of more than two thirds of the
Union members of the House, and would
therefore be considered the definite judgment,
the deliberate judgment of that party.
In the Senate, the honorable Senators pur-
sued the proper course. They voted for the
amendment on the ground that they preferred
it to the original bill; and then, as they had a
right to do, on account of the recitals in the
preamble and for other reasons which they
gave, they voted against the bill as amended.
That was logical. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania, and my friend from Indiana, voted with
the great body of the Union members for the
Senate amendment. The proposition went to
the House of Representatives, and there the
same question occurred. The House had
already passed its bill, and the question came
up, Is the Senate amendment better than the
House bill? And thereupon the great body
of the Union members voted "ay;" a minor-
ity of the Union members voted "no," and
with that minority voted all the members of
the Democratic party. Not only that, but
when they found there wasa difficulty about it,
and the question came up, they commenced
what is called "filibustering," and those who
were in the House last night saw the interest-
ing spectacle of the Democratic party, with
perhaps a single member of the Union party—
and that a venerable name—going through the
tellers for the purpose of defeating this propo-
sition ; and the result was that they did defeat
it, until finally, when the previous question
was called, the great body of the Union party
found itself in a minority by a combination of
a few members of the Union party with the
Democratic party.
What was the result? A proposition which
had received the deliberate sanction of both
bodies, so far as the Union party was concerned,
was defeated; and not only that, but when an
opportunity was offered to have a second vote
on the Senate proposition, the previous ques-
tion was moved and the whole Democratic
party voted against the call for the previous
question for the sole purpose of enabling the
enemies of the Senate bill to load it down with
obnoxious amendments. That is a matter of
plain and positive truth which no man can
deny. Then the friends of the bill were com-
pelled either to agree to amendments which
were inconsistent with some of the provisions
of the bill or else to abandon the bill. As
these amendments were not deemed so im-
portant—although they, it is true, disfranchise
some of the southern people from voting—as
they could not get the bill in any other way in
consequence of the action of the Democratio
