200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December 1#,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 19, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. David Trumbull, D. D., of Valpa-
raiso, South America.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
revol0tjonauy pensions.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill supplementary to an act to in-
crease the pensions of the revolutionary pen-
sioners now on the rolls of the Pension Office,
approved April 1,1864; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions.
circuit judge of kentucky.
Mr. McEEE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
# lienolved. That the Committee on the Judiciary be
imfcructed to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing a bill to increase the salary of the judge of the
United States circuit court for the district of Ken-
tucky to the sum of $5,000.
Mr. McEEE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. -
e. j. ct'rley.
Mr. McKEE. I move that the bill of the
Senate for the relief of E. J. Carley, which
was placed upon the Private Calendar without
reference to a committee, be taken from the
Calendar and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
e. e. shed.
Mr. PIKE. I ask leave to withdraw from
the files of the House the papers in the case
of E. E. Shed, upon which the Committee of
Claims made an adverse report yesterday.
The papers are desired for use before the
Court ot Claims.
Leave was granted accordingly.
personal explanation.
the
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask consent of
House to make a personal explanation.
No objection was made.
Mr. MAYNARD. The other morning, in the
remarks which I made in connection with the
resolution introduced by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] I am reported
as having said that a young man by the name
of Nelson, a captain in the Federal service, had
been demanded, as I understood, by the Gov-
ernor of North Carolina from the Governor of
Tennessee as a felon, by reason of a homicide
committed by him in the discharge of his duty
while on a raid in North Carolina. I have since
seen Governor Worth, of North Carolina, who
assures me that he has never made any such
demand of the Governor of Tennessee.
It is possible that in respect to the demand
by the Governor I may have misunderstood the
parties from whom I received the information
touching the matter; I refer to the Governor of
Tennessee and Captain Nelson, at whose house
I passed a night a few days before I came here.
Captain Nelson explained to me very fully the
eircumstances of the homicide, for which, as he
told me, he had been indicted for murder in the
State of North Carolina. He had been set upon
and bushwhacked—if I may be pardoned the
solecism—from a private house while on duty.
He pursued the offender and put him to death
on the spot. This had been the subject of in-
dictment in one of the North Carolina courts
as for murder.
It was that fact, and not the mere matter of
his having been demanded by the Governor,
that I wished to bring to the notice of the
House. I wished to show how, under the
forms of the local laws, our soldiers and officers
are annoyed and persecuted. And in this con-
nection I will add what I did not say at that
time, that as I am informed his case is not the
only instance but is one of a great many. I
learn that Colonel Kirk, known very well to
my colleague before mo, [Mr. Taylor,} and
many of his regiment have been indieted as
murderers or robbers or horse-thieves or on
some other charge of violating the criminal
laws of North Carolina by reason of their hos-
tile operations while in our military service.
It was, I suppose, for these and similar pro-
ceedings that the Legislature of that State have
condescended to grant a general amnesty to
the Federal Army, from General Sherman
down to the humblest soldier.
captain andrew smith.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of directing
the proper disbursing officer to pay a Treasury draft
of $200, given in settlement of the accounts of Captain
Andrew Smith, of the twenty-first New York cav-
alry, on the indorsement of Dr. W. W. Potter, of the
New York State Military Agency, and report by bill
or otherwise.
distribution of soldiers' medals.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a joint resolution
authorizing certain medals to be distributed
to honorably discharged soldiers free of post-
age ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I de-
sire that this resolution shall be considered
at the present time. I think there can be no
objection to it.
The joint resolution, which was read at
length, proposes to authorize the adjutant
general of the State of West Virginia to dis-
tribute through the mails, free of postage, to
the honorably discharged soldiers of West
Virginia and to the relatives and friends of
those who were killed or died of wounds or
disease while in service, certain medals fur-
nished by the Legislature of that State; and it
is provided that in such case the envelope in-
closing the medal, shall be franked by the
adjutant general in the mode prescribed by
the Postmaster General.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
black rock harbor, connecticut.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
ResolvedThat the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a light-boat off Black Rock Harbor, on the
coast of Connecticut.
taxation of gross receipts.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
modifying the internal revenue law as to dispense
with taxes upon gross receipts.
supplies for indian service.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
Whereas the Commissioner of Indian Affairsdid, on
the 21st day of November, 1866, advertise for sealed
proposals for supplying the Indian service with cer-
tain goods, wares, and merchandise; and whereas it
is reported that said Commissioner did, on the 18th
day of December, 1866, award the contract for sup-
plying said goods, wares, and merchandise on a bid
much higher, and on samples inferior to those offered
by other parties: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Secretary of the Interior
be directed to transmit to the House Committee on
Indian Affairs the bids received on the 15th day of
December, 1866, by the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs. in compliance with the advertisement above
referred to, and the award made by him on the 18th
day of December, 1S66; and all papers received by
said Commissioner in any way relating to said bids
and award, together with all samples accompany-
ing said bids; and that said committee be instructed
it to examine into the acts of Baid Commissioner and
I j report the result of their investigation to this House;
h a™the mean time the Secretary of the Interior
is directed ta suspend contracts based upon said
II award.
ij The SPEAKER. This being a caH for
i executive information unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution.
george st. leger grenfel.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask unanimous eon-
seftt to submit the following resolution, which
it is very important shall be considered to-day:
Whereas it Is represented ia the newspapers that
the Legislature of Florida has adopted a report and
resolution recommending that one Colonel George
St. Legcr Grenfcl, who was convicted as one of ifie
leaders in the eonspiraey to release the rebel prison-
ers in Camp Douglas, at Chicago, and then to burn
said eity, and sentenced to death therefor, but whose
sentence was afterward commuted to imprisonment
for life, be pardoned: Therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to furnish this House with copies of all
the papers in his possession toucMng the case of
said George St. Leger Grenfcl. ^
Mr. NICHOLSON. I object.
Mr. WENTW ORTH. I hope the gentleman
from Delaware will withdraw his objection.
If he knew the facts I know he would with-
draw it. *
Mr. NICHOLSON. I withdraw toy objec-
tion.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
scpplif.s for indian service again.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is the Speaker correct
in deciding that ray resolution is a call on the
Executive IJepartments for information?
The SPEAKER, It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to furnish certain information to
this House; and that is calling for executive
information.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will change the reso-
lution so as to call on the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs.
The SPEAKER. That would not change
the character of the resolution. A single objec-
tion will prevent any resolution being received
or considered to-day.
deficiency bill
Mr. STEVENS. I call up the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 870, making
appropriations and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867,
and for other purposes.
The amendments were returned to the Senate
at its request for the purpose of correcting a
mistake made in their engrossment, and have
since then been returned with the correction
made.
The SPEAKER. As the bill came here the
wrong sections were proposed to be stricken
out. It is now returned with the proper amend-
ments to strike out the following:
For facilitating communication between the Atlan-
tic and Pacific States by electrical telegraph, $40,000.
To enable the Commissioner of Publie Buildings to
pay the three watchmen appointed under resolution
of July 25.1S66, at S90t) each, $2,700.
Mr. STEVENS. I move ROiicurrer.ee in the
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. BIDWELL. I would like to know the
reason for striking out those paragraphs.
Mr. STEVENS. The Senate say that the
contract has been violated and they are about
to investigate it to see whether that is the fact.
Mr. BiDWELL. If that be so I do not
object to its being suspended.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion wag agreed to.
