1867.
TfiE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
most elementary form. The Senator from Ohio
says that it was the voice of the Union party
that these amendments should not be made.
Strange things happen sometimes; and 1 be-
lieve that about the time the amendments were
made there were but seven or eight Represent-
atives in the other House. It has been com-
mon here for this Union party, who have the
charge of legislation, to abandon their places.
They are not here in their seats when import-
ntit legislation is going on. Frequently you
cannot obtain a quorum in either House, not-
withstanding your more than two-thirds ma-
jorities in each. I come here ceaselessly from
a remote part of the city. I suppose I must
take the word of the Senator from Ohio as
"being altogether veracious, when he says that
the Union party in the Senate and House are
opposed to these amendments; and our propo-
sition now is to ascertain what the Union party
of the House will say when the question is sent
back to them for their full consideration, and
not when they are nearly all out of their seats
and only a dozen are left to transact business.
There has been more careless legislation here
within the last year than has been known in
any like period in this country. I do not
charge committees with inattention ; I believe
they do their labor rapidly; but outside of the
work of committees, so far as business is done
in the Senate, it is not done with any consider-
able care; and it does not seem to be con-
sidered the duty of a Senator to be in the Sen-
ate Chamber: he may go off and practice law
in Maine or Maryland; he may go to Ohio or
Pennsylvania and transact business, though the
high office of a Senator would seem to require
that he should be here to respond on great and
important questions.
1 think the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin should be adopted. In the first
place, it gives full expression to the idea of
pardon ; and my remarks upon that cannot be
answered by the logic of any of the learned
gentlemen on the opposite side of the Cham-
ber. In the next place, it is coticeded that the
amendments are wrong as made by the House.
Then why not send them back for reforma-
tion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramse*
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that I ask fdr the
yeas and nays.
The veas and navs wdre ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not desire to take
the time of the Senate at this hour of the night,
and yfet I confess I am hot pleased with the
measure before us. When it was here as a
purely military measure, looking to no future
reconstruction on the basis of law, I did not
vote for it, and though it is how better, because
it seems to hold out some terms on which the
States may reconstruct themselves, yet it is not
what I have desired. I could if I choose per-
haps give good reaso*ns for voting against it
should I conclude to so vote. But reconstruc-
tion in some shape is demanded as a national
necessity, demanded no less by the best inter-
ests of the loyal States than by those of the
seceding States. Hence perhaps any plan may
be better than no plan at all. If a vote for this
bill is to be justified, its justification rests on
this simple fact: that under it there is hope of
doing something at some time, however re-
taote; there is a way, however imperfect, blind,
and obscure it may be, through which we may
arrive at reunion.
As the bill originally came from the House
it \^is a bald and naked proposition to estab-
lish without limitation of power or the time of
its duration a purely military government for
the ten States now unrepresented. This, in my
judgment, was a most dangerous experiment.
It has been more than once tried in man's his-
tory, and the world furnishes no example of its
success. Its effects are bad enough, in all con-
science, on the conquered, but they have always
proved infinitely worse on the conquerors.
The conquered simply suffer the cruelties
and oppressions of an unrestrained soldiery.
They generally increase in virtue and forti-
tude, and their common wrongs invariably
cement them together for a final struggle to
break their chains. The conquerors, on the
other hand, in such cases become corrupted
in the use of unlimited power, and gradually
take on the airs jnd habits of tyrants. As the
victim complains and threatens resistance, the
conduct of the master becomes more harsh.
Justice, pure and simple, cannot be adminis-
tered for ten million people by military offi-
cers, in the absence of all those forms and
guaranties which the wisdon of eighteen cen-
turies has been collecting and building 0]p as
the monuments and fortresses of human free-
dom. They are its only shield. Cromwell
tried military law and gradually found himself
transformed from a great republican leader
and the defender of English liberty to a loath-
some tyrant, seekingpretexts to enslave a peo-
ple in defiance of all their charters of personal
right. His Government failed, and the people
sought that security in a return to royalty
which had been denied them in the name of
republicanism. So long as Rome gave the
rights of citizenship to the people she con-
quered the nation prospered. When she gave
them military law and sent pro-consuls and
questors to govern them her public men be-
came corrupted by power and plunder; and
the Government itself Ceased to command their
support, unless it ministered to their avarice
or ambition. Nations as well as individuals
must do unto others as they would that others
should do unto them. This is an inexorable
rule of justice, and he that would live and pro-
mote his own happiness must subject his con-
duct to it.
The Senate, being unwilling to embark on
the experiment of pure military rule, modified
the House bill by adopting what is known
as the Blaine or Sherman amendment. This
amendment conceded military rule, as asked
by the House, but put some sort of limit to its
duration. It provided that when the rebel
States should adopt Universal suffrage, regard-
less of color or race, excluding none, white or
black, except for treason or such crimes as
were felony at the common law, the regula-
tion of exclusion to be left to the States
themselves, and should adopt the constitu-
tional amendment proposed at the last session
of Congress, under one provision of which all
persons who ever took an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States as officers
and afterward gave aid to the rebellion should
be ineligible to office, State or national, and
so soon as a sufficient number of said States
should adopt it to make it a part of the Consti-
tution of the United States, then military law
should cease and the States should be ad-
mitted, provided that Congress even then
should see fit to receive them.
This being adopted by the Senate, it went to
the House, attd it now comes to us with two
amendments added to the Senate amendment.
The first one provides that no person who
would be excluded from holding office if the
constitutional amendment were now the law,
to wit, no person who having once taken the
oath to support the United States Constitution
afterward gave aid to rebellion shall be a
member of any State constitutional conven-
tion, nor shall any person who would thus be
excluded from holding office be permitted to
vote for members of the State conventions.
The second amendment provides that the
present governments, erected under what is
known as the presidential plan, shall be subject
to the paramount authority of Congress; and
that in all elections under said provisional gov-
ernments those only shall be able to vote or
be eligible to office who would be qualified as
aforesaid to hold office if the constitutional
amendment were adopted. In other words,
the Senate bill opened the polls to all persons,
white and black. The House amendments
declare by act of Congress that certain persons
shall be disfranchised from all participation in
the governments so long as they remain in
their present provisional condition, and also in
the reorganization proceedings preparatory to
their admission.
This bill, as now amended, proposers not only
to say that persons who never before voted or
held office in those States shall now vote and
hold office, but it goes further and declares
that persons who formerly held office and voted
thet-ein shall henceforth stand disfranchised.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolit-
tLe] says this bill, if passed, will operate as a
bill of attainder and also as an ex post facto
law, and that it is therefore not within the con-
stitutional power of Congress to pass it. To
support his position be refers to the late cases
decided by the Supreme Court, known as the
Garland case and the Missouri test-oath case.
He especially insists that so far at least as the
President has pardoned under general procla-
mation of amnesty, issued by authority of the
Constitution, as well as by the thirteenth sec-
tion of the confiscation act, and so faT as he
has pardoned by special certificate to that
effect, it is not competent for Congress or any
legislative body or primary convention to take
away rights formerly enjoyed. He thinks such
action is in the nature of punishment and it
cannot be inflicted: first, because Congress
cannot prescribe the qualifications of electors
or officers in the States; and second, if it
Could, as an original proposition, it cannot
disregard the effects of the pardon, which are
not only to remove the penalty for crime, but
to wash out the guilt itself. He insists that
the man pardoned becomes a new man, the
same as if no offense had ever been com-
mitted.
This argument of the Senator, as well as the
general course of events, deserves some con-
sideration. I confess I feel its force. He
insists, and so has my friend from Maryland
[Mr. Johnson] insisted in this debate and in
others, that the States are still in the Union,
and being in the Union they are entitled to all
the rights of the loyal States, and that their
citizens are entitled to all the privileges and
immunities enjoyed by other States. This we
are told will be decided also by the Supreme
Court. I admit that Congress would not be
authorized to declare who shall vote or hold
office in Missouri nor in New York nor Massa-
chusetts. No one will so contend. Now, if
the seceded States and their citizens cannot be
dealt with in any manner different from the
loyal States and their citizens, it beeotoes a seri-
ous question whether we can by simple act of
Congress either include in the electoral list the
negroes or exclude any part of the disloyal
whites, and especially those who have been
made whole by executive pardon.
To present the difficulty in its strongest light,
I beg leave to refer to the decisions quoted. I
do so, not to sustain the court in its conclu-
sions, nor to sustain my friend from Wisconsin,
(for I differ in some respects with both,) but
to make them the foundation of an argument
which I will use in support of my own theory.
Nations, like individuals, must have the right
of self-defense, and after a desperate struggle
for existence the conqueror should not be re-
quired to release from his grasp his conquered
enemy until he has fully disarmed him or put
his own safety and future security beyond ques-
tion. But first to the decisions of the Supreme
Court.
In the Missouri case, known as the Cum-
mings case, it is known that the State con-
stitution adopted in 1865 provides that no
one shall preach the gospel, practice law, teach
school, or vote, &c., who had given aid or
comfort to or sympathized with the rebellion ;
and to do these things without first taking an
oath denying svich aid and sympathy is made
penal. The Cummings case is a prosecution
on an indictment for preaching without tbe
oath. The court say:
"Tbe disabilities created by the conititatios of
Missouri must be regarded as penalties. They con-
stitute punishment."
They also say:
" The deprivation ofany ri*bU,oivilor political, ittay
be punishinent, the elrcttnwtances attending and (ha
