1866.
COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE.
STATE DEPARTMENT EXPENSES.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to communicate to this House a statement
of the amounts charged to the State Department
since May 1, 1865, for sorviees rendered by naval
vessels.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that, the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
oregon land'grant.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be Senate bill No. 62, to amend an
act entitled "An act granting land to the
State of Oregon, to aid in the construction of
a military road from Eugene City to the eastern
boundary of said State," pending from the
morning hour yesterday.
Mr. McRUER. Mr. Speaker, I think it is
only necessary to refresh the minds of the
House in regard to this amendment. It only
seeks to provide for an omission in the original
bill whereby the State of Oregon might re-
ceive three sections of land per mile in aid of
the construction of this military wagon-road
by going three miles beyond the original
limits.
I will here state that by the act of Congress
passed March 3, 1863, the same amount of
lands we now seek was extended to the States
of Michigan and Wisconsin. The last Con-
gress, by act of * J une 30, 1864, passed another
bill to aid in the construction of a wagon-road
in the State of Michigan, granting three sec-
tions of land and permitting the parties to go
three miles beyond the line of the road to get
the designated amount. This amendment only
seeks to give to the State of Oregon the privi-
lege to select this land within six miles of this
road. It does- not increase the grant at all.
This bill came from the Senate, was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and is
unanimously reported by them with a recom-
mendation that it do pass. X call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. McRUER. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and the question being
taken, no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair appointed
Messrs. McRuer and Cooper.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 79, noes 20.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. McRUER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
' that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
(H. R. No. 870) making appropriations and to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1867, and for other purposes ;
when the Speaker signed the same.
military wagon-road in oregon.
Mr. McRUER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back House bill No. 21,
granting land to the State of Oregon to aid in
the construction of a military wagon-road from
Dalles City, on the Columbia river, to Fort
Boise, on Snake river, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill was read. It grants alternate sec-
tions to the extent of three sections in width
on «ach side of the road. It provides that the
lands so granted shall be exclusively applied
to its construction and shall be disposed of
only as the work progresses. It reserves all
lands heretofore reserved or appropriated by
the United States except so far as may be ne-
cessary to locate the route' through the same
one hundred feet in width. The road is to re-
main a public highway for the use of the Gov-
ernment of the United States free from tolls.
It provides that the land so granted shall be dis-
posed of only as fast as each ten miles are
constructed, and also limits the time for its
completion to five years. The manner of the
construction is to be such as the Legislature
of Oregon shall direct.
Mr. McRUER. This military wagon-road
is to run through a mountainous and unsettled"
country for a distance of about two hundred
and seventy-five miles. The country is for the
most part a wilderness, inhabited only by In-
dians. It is no new thing to grant lands to
aid in the construction of military roads. Sim-
ilar grants have been made to States not so i
remote nor so wild as Oregon—for instance, to
.the States of Wisconsin and Michigan.
This bill, in the first place, went to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and I believe it re-
ceived the favorable consideration of that com-
mittee. It was finally referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. It has been considered by
them and unanimously reported with a recom-
mendation that it do pass. The subject was
referred to the War Department, and in reply
we received a communication from the Secre-
tary of War inclosing a copy of a letter written
by General Grant, in which he says:
"I am in favor generally of encouraging and assist-
ing the opening of roads through the Indian country.
They enhance the value of the United States lands
in their vicinity, and render military transportation
easy."
This is a cheap way of securing a military
road by the Government. This bill provides
that no tolls shall be exacted of the United
States Government for transportation of any
troops, mails, or military stores over this road.
It is more carefully guarded.than any other
bill which has been passed to aid in the con-
struction of a wagon-road. Unless the State of
Oregon performs this work she receives none
of the lands. It is expressly provided that
before any grant of land is made the State must
build ten miles of the road. Upon the com-
pletion of ten miles she receives a grant of
land conterminous with those ten miles and not
beyond. Heretofore grants have been made
in advance of construction. I think there can
be no good objection to this bill.
Mr. DAWES. Is there any time limited in
the bill?
Mr. McRUER. It must be completed within
five years, which is comparatively a short time.
The bill is carefully guarded and I know of no
reason why it should not pass.
Mr. PIKE. Is this for a wagon-road?
Mr. McRUER. It is.
Mr. PIKE. Are there any restrictions pro-
posed by the bill ?
Mr. McRUER. It provides that the State
of Oregon shall specify how this road shall be
built, what shall be its width. &c.
Mr. PIKE. This is a grant to the State of
Oregon?
Mr. McRUER. Yes, sir. The road is to be
entirely within the jurisdiction of the State of
Oregon.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. McRtteh] accept an amendment
to make a grant of land to the State of Maine
for a similar road?
Mr. McRUER. If I am not mistaken, the
Government built a road in Maine at its own
expense.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would inquire of the
gentleman from California [Mr. McRcer] if
this bill has been printed ?
Mr. McRUER. It has been printed ; it was
offered in the early part of the last session,
and is House bill No. 21.
Mr. LE BLOND. Has it not undergone
   a   
some changes since that, time at the" Jteftds of
the committee ?
Mr. McRUER. It has been amended by the
committee, but all the amendments Arc of a
restrictive character. The bill is not so liberal
now in its terms as it was When it was origmaliy
introduced.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, if thl* was
an original proposition to grant the public
lands for purposes of the kind specified in this
bill, I should feel compelled to vdte against it ;
it certainly has become alarming t<J see the
quantity of land donated by the Congress
the United States for these private purposes.
Now, it does see'rh to me that before we i ;ike
any more such grants of land as this we should
see what restrictions are imposed by this bill.
As I understand it, this bill is based upon the
alleged necessity of a military road in the State
of" Oregon. If I understand the history <* f
these land grants, the real object of all such
bills as this is to confer public lands up a~
private corporations organized within the sev-
eral States. I think Congress should consider
whether they are willing to donate the phMifl
domain in this wholesale manner, without arty
beneficial results being obtained for the Gov-
ernment of the Uiiited States. I think it is
time that we put a stop to this wholesale sys-
tem of disposing of the public domain.
Mr. McRUER. I now yield to the gentle- •
man from Oregon, [Mr. Henderson.]
Mr. . HENDERSON. Mr. Speaker, I would
say to the House, and especially to the gentle-
man from OMo, [Mr. Lb Blond,] wh6 has just
taken his seat, that I have no doubt if he under-
stood the nature of the country through which
this road is to pass, and the necessity of a road
through it, he would have no sort of objections
to it. But a man who has never been in that
country, who knows nothing, of the circum-
stances there, eannot appreciate the import-
ance of a measure like this.
I desire to say to members of this House
that formerly it was the custom to ask for an
appropriation of money to build such roads as
these. We have lately come to the conclusion
that money cannot be obtained for such pur-
poses, and so we are not disposed to iisk for it.
But knowing that the building of such roads as
this not only facilitates commerce and inter-
course, but also enhances the value of the
public lands, we feel that we have the right to
ask Congress for liberal grants for this purpose.
Now, I would say to gentlemen here that
they cannot expect new countries like Oregon,
Washington Territory, and the other Territo-
ries west of the Rocky mountains to build these
roads without the assistance of the General
Government. How is a sparse population like
that in these countries to build roads of two
hundred aud seventy-five or three hundred
miles in length, through a mountainous coun-
try, infested with Indians all the time, and to
sustain themselves without, other assistance?
I want to inform gentlemen that in the eastern
part of the State of Oregon for the last five or
six years, and I might say almost from the
first settlement of the country, there has been
a perpetual warfare between the Indians and
the white people there.
The route of this road, with the map of that
country, was drawn by the military commander
on the Columbia river and sent here with a
request of that officer that Congress should
make an appropriation to build that road to
facilitate the transportation of arms and muni-
tions of war, so that the ravages of the Indians
may be stopped and the lives of white settlers
and traders be preserved. A bill was drawn
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. It was carefully examined by that
committee, who reported in favor of its passage.
The bill was printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. The latter commit-
tee also carefully investigated the subject In
order to satisfy themselves fully they sent a
draft of the bill to the Secretary of War, asking
his opinion upon it. The Secretary of War-
not being so conversant with the aabjeei as he
