1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
bankrupt alike, when in the one case he has
assets to an immense amount which cannot be
touched, and in the other all can be touched
down to a very small amount. The very gist
of the whole matter is, what are the assets ?
The whole case turns on that, what are the
assets? There maybe millions in one case
and no assets over $200 in the other, and that
is uniformity!
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Con-
necticut has failed to show by his argument that
the creditors of a bankrupt in the State of
New York, where there is no attachment law,
fare the same as the first attaching creditor
does in the State of Vermont, where they have
an attachment law. I take those States for
illustrations. I undertook to show that if uni-
formity meant to disregard everything and go
directly to the property of the debtor and
equally distribute it we never could have uni-
formity, and there was not uniformity under
the other law; and I instanced the case of
liens. Suppose A owes $10,000 in Vermont.
He has creditors in the city of New York to
the amount of $5,000. Ho has a creditor in
Vermont to whom he owes $10,000. Suppose
that he has $6,000 or $8,000 worth of property.
He becomes in failing circifmstances, and this
Vermont creditor attaches and takes it all.
He goes into bankruptcy. Was that property
equally distributed; or did the creditor in
Vermont, who, by virtue of his lien law, went
in and took the whole property and prevented
any distribution with the otheif creditors, have
an advantage?
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will allow me,
suppose he paid that, an honest debt, the day
before he commenced operations in bankruptcy,
would that be an equal distribution among all
his creditors ? Suppose he paid a debt, an hon-
est debt, and he honestly paid it?
Mr. STEWART. That would be a different
propos.l-':-"
Mr. FOSTER. Why?
Mr. STEWART. We are discussing now
the power of a State to interfere to enable a
party to get those assets. If the State has
power to interfere and let a creditor in Vermont
take the entire assets by preferring a prior lien,
that State has the same power to protect the
family in the homestead. It is as high, but no
higher exercise of constitutional power. 1 say
it is begging the question to say that any of these
laws exempt all the property of the debtor.
There has been no law cited that is to that effect.
The laws on this subject are entirely similar.
It is true, owing to the particular situation of
the country, it costing more to live and prop-
erty being higher in one State than another,
one State may exempt a little more than an-
other; but there is no great hardship in it, no
piactical difficulty ; and there is not one half
the inequality that there was under the old law,
that allowed one creditor to come in and take
the whole under a prior attachment; but the
Supreme Court and Congress in 1841 recog-
nized that power in the State.
Now, I sulxnit if a State can prefer creditors
in this form by allowing them to acquire prior
liens and thus prevent an equal distribution
of the property, can they not, to a limited ex-
tent, as they have already done in some of the
States, protect the family from starvation? To
say that there are unlimited reservations in any
State is saying what the record will not warrant.
1 know of no such law; none has been produced.
Beside, we are adopting in this bill the State ex-
emption laws of 1864, and it is to be presumed
that they have been examined, and it has been
ascertained that there is no great inequality
or unfairness in those laws. It has not been
shown. The presumption is that each of those
laws is suited to the particular condition of the
State by which it was enacted, and that the
practical working of this bill will be uniform,
as near as may be, by recognizing the State
laws. It will be more uniform in its operation
by the adoption of those laws than it would be
by making an arbitrary amount to operate all
over the United States. But I do object to the
assumption of the right, under this power, to
distribute the assets of the debtor, to legislate
with regard to the collection of debts in all
the States, and to abrogate their laws.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senator
from Nevada, in his first remarks this morn-
ing, stated one of the true principles of a bank-
rupt law, and that is, that there must be an
equality in the distribution of the property or
assets of the bankrupt.
Mr. STEWART. The distribution of those
assets which are subject to execution by the
State laws.
Mr. DAVIS. That is not the meaning of
the Constitution. The meaning and the plain
words of the Constitution are, that every prop-
erty right, every dollar of assets that the bank-
rupt owns must be distributed, and must be
distributed equally, because the requisition of
the Constitution is expressly that the bankrupt
law shall be uniform; that is, the system of
bankruptcy established by the act of Congress
shall be equal. The honorable Senator from
Nevada conceded the whole argument this
morning when he said that the equality con-
templated was the equal distribution of the
assets of the bankrupt. I concede that that is
the principal element of equality which is con-
templated by the Constitution.
Now, sir, what is that principle? If I can
get the attention of the honorable Senator
from Nevada I think I will make a discrimina-
tion which will prove the fallacy of his posi-
tion. His position is that because the bank-
rupt act of 1841 recognized the validity of
certain liens, and the Supreme Court in its
decision sustained the validity of that provision
of the bankrupt law of 1841 which recognized
the validity of those liens, therefore the pro-
vision which is moved to be stricken out of
this bill does not establish an inequality in the
distribution of the assets of the bankrupt.
Why, sir, a man has an estate in every subject
of property that he owns. If the law creates
a lien upon that general property, this lien is a
particular property, not belonging to the bank-
rupt or the owner of the property generally,
but belonging to other persons, who are enti-
tled to the lien. Can anything be plainer than
that? A man wishes to becomc a bankrupt
under this law if it passes; he owns in the State
of Wisconsin, if you please, a landed property
of a thousand acres of land. He has not paid,
though, half of the purchase money to his
vender for this land, and that vender has a
lien by the laws of Wisconsin upon that land
for the payment of the residue of the purchase
money. The act of 1841 simply recognized
the validity of such liens, and the Supreme
Court decided that the clause recognizing the
validity of such laws was not unconstitutional.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky allow me to ask him a
question on that point, speaking of the laws of
Wisconsin?
Mr. DAVIS. It was a mere example used
by me by way of illustration.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I propose to put a
question bearing on the precise point as appli-
cable to Wisconsin. By the law of Wisconsin
the homestead, which is exempted from pay-
ment of debts of the debtor, cannot be mort-
gaged or sold unless the wife join in the
mortgage or in the sale. Now, the question I
put is this: by your bankrupt law passed by
Congress can you take away from the wife her
right in that property ?
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will permit me to
proceed I will soon come at the principle that I
am contending for. The principle that I con-
tend for is that every property right which is
denominated in the laws of bankruptcy by the
term "assets'' that a bankrupt owns 
Mr. STEWART. At what time?
Mr. DAVIS. When he becomes a bank-
rupt.
Mr. STEWART. When he commits an act
of bankruptcy?
Mr. DAVIS. .Tust let me proceed in my
own way, if you please. The distinction is
that all of a man's property who seeks to be-
come a bankrupt is thereby made subject to
distribution among his creditors according to
the rule established by the bankrupt law; and
the bankrupt law, to be constitutional, that
establishes that rule of distribution in our
country must be uniform; that is, it must
make a uniform distribution of the property of
the bankrupt.
I conclude, then, that every property right
which a bankrupt has is a part of his assets,
and to make a bankrupt law constitutional
under our Constitution the law must distribute
equally all of his assets or all of his property
rights in every State in the Union.
The honorable Senator from Nevada argues
persistently and with much ability to prove
that liens created by the owner of property, and
imposed upon his property by him or by the
law, are not subject to be distributed among
his creditors. That I fully concede. Why?
Because there is a special property in those
liens that does not belong to the debtor, but
belongs to other individuals, and therefore can-
not be distributed as part of the property of
the bankrupt. Can anything be plainer than
that? Here is the clause in this law which is
objected to, and which gentlemen contend if it
is continued in the law will vitiate it, because
it will be establishing an unequal bankrupt
law, and in that position I concur:
And such other property not includod in the fore-
going exceptions as is exempted from levy and sale
upon execution by the laws of the State in which the
bankrupt has bis domicile at the time of the com-
mencement of the proceedings in bankruptcy, to an
amount not exceeding that allowed by such State ex-
emption laws in force in the year 1861.
Now, Mr. President, let us take an example
of the exemption laws of two of the States. In
New Hampshire, I believe, the exemption of
property that is not subject to execution by the
laws of that State amounts to $500 in the
aggregate; in California to $5,000. Suppose
this clause was written out fully, and it was
said that wherever a bankrupt is declared in
the State of New Hampshire all of his prop-
erty, except the worth ol' $500, shall be distrib-
uted among bis creditors; but in the State of
California, when a debtor becomes bankrupt,
there shall be $5,000 of his property reserved
and excepted from distribution among his cred-
itors. That is the principle that gentlemen are
contending for, as I understand it. _
Between these States of California and New
Hampshire there is every variety of amount of
exemption of property from execution by the
laws of the States. If these various exemp-
tions in every State are incorporated, as they
arc in effect by this provision that I have just
read in this bankrupt bill before the Senate, it
simply amounts to this : that the law, instead
of being uniform in relation to the distribution
of the property or assets of a bankrupt, shall
be and is hereby enacted to be as various, as
multiform, as unequal as the laws of the dif-
ferent States in relation to the exemption of
property from execution.
Suppose that this clause had proceeded in
extenso to incorporate the exemptions of prop-
erty from execution in every solitary State m
the Union, and had declared that these exemp-
tions of property from execution should be held
and taken as a part of this bankrupt law: I
ask the honorable Senator from Nevada would
such a law as that be a law making equal dis-
tribution of the assets of a bankrupt among
his creditors? No, sir; it would be as various
as the laws of the thirty-six States; it would be
as unequal, as these different States in their
respective modes would have established a dif-
ferent amount of property exempt from exe-
cution and from the payment of creditors.
Then, sir, it seems to me to be perfectly
plain that a bankrupt law (and that is the one
which we are now considering) which exempts
in California $5,000 worth of property to the
benefit of the bankrupt, or of his family if you
choose, and a bankrupt law which exempts in
the State of New Hampshire but $500 worth,
is unequal, and comes within the denunciation
of the Constitution, which declares that the
system of bankruptcy established by Congress
Shall be uniform throughout the United States.
