1642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
e&uscaof deprivation determining this fact. Disquali-
fication from office may be punishment, as in cases
of conviction upon impeachment. Disqualification
from the pursuit of a lawful avocation or from posi-
tions of trust or from tho privilege of appearing in
tho courts or acting as executor, administrator, or !
guardian, may also, and often has been, imposed as
punishment."
They here insist that the talcing away^ of
even a political right once enjoyed is punish-
ment, and lest it might be evaded on the ground
that the power existed under the plea that it
was not intended as punishment, but a pre-
scription of qualification, they say: j
"The Constitution deals with substance, not shad- j
owb. Its inhibition was leveled at the thing, not the ]
name. It intended that the rights of the citizen J
should be secured against deprivation for past con-
duct by legislative enactment, however disguised. If |
tho inhibition can bo avoided by the form of the
enactment, its insertion in the fundamental law was
a vain and futile proceeding."
Again, the court say:
"Now, tho clauses in the Missouri constitution
which are the subjcctof consideration do not in terms i
define any crime ordeclare that any punishraentshall
be inflicted, but they produce the same result upon
tho parties against whom they are directed as though
the crimes were defined and thepunishment declared.
They assume that there arc persons in Missouri who
are guilty of some of the acts designated. They would
have no meaning in the constitution were not such
the fact. They are aimed at past acts, andnotfuturo
facts. They were intended to operato upon parties
who, in some form or manner, uy action or words,
directly or indirectly, had aided or countenanced the
rebellion or sympathized with parties engaged in the
rebellion, or had endeavored to escape tho proper
responsibilities and duties of a citizen in time of war.
And they were intended to operato by depriving such
persons of the right to hold certain offices and trusts,
and to pursue their ordinary and regular avocations.
This deprivation is punishment; nor is it any less so
because a way is opened for escape from it by the
expurgatory oath."
It will be remembered that a party might
relieve himself of the penalty by taking the
oath. In the following paragraph they declare
the illegality of absolute exclusion:
" The framers of the constitution of Missouri knew
at the time that whole classes of individuals would
be unable to take the oath prescribed. Tothem there
is no escape provided. To them the deprivation was
intended to be and id absolute and perpetual. To
make the enjoyment of a right dependent upon an
impossible condition is equivalent to an absolute
denial of the right under any condition, and such
denial enforced for a past act is nothing else than
punishment imposed for that act; it is a misapplica-
tion of terms to call it anything else."
And again:
"Clauses which prescribe a penalty for an act of
this nature are within the terms of the definition of
an export facto law. They impose a punishment for
an act not punishable at the time itwas committed."
The Garland case arose under the act of
Congress, and in addition to the plea of ori-
ginal unconstitutionality of the act prescribing
the oath, Garland pleaded also the Presi-
dent's pardon. It is now only necessary to
allude to the opinion of the court on the latter
branch of the plea. The court say:
"Such being the case, tho inquiry arises as to tho
effect and operation of a pardon. On this point all
the authorities concur. A pardon reaches both the
punishment prescribed for tho offense and the guilt
of the offender, and when the pardon is full it re-
leases the punishment and blots out of existence the
puiit, so that, in the ope of the law, the offender is as
innocent as if he had never committed the offense."
It has been said that a pardon goes to the
guilt and not to the offense; but the Supreme
Court seem to hold otherwise:
"If granted before conviction, it prevents any of
the penalties and disabilities consequent uj>on con-
viction from attaching. IfgrantedaJterconviction.it
removes the penalties and disabilities, and restores
him to all his civil rights. It makes him, as it were,
a new man, and gives him a now credit and capa-
city.
Taking these two decisions of the Supreme
Court together, it would seem that, so far as
the President has extended pardon to the
rebels of the South, they are restored to all
rights supposed to be forfeited, civil and polit-
ical. That certainly must be the case, unless
there is some other and paramount power in
Congress which can be legitimately exercised
in the seceded States that cannot be elsewhere.
Now, what is that power, and whence does it
come ?
It has been repeatedly said in the discussion
tkat every Union member of the body voted
for the bill as amended, on motion of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] when it
was passed by the Senate as a substitute for
the House bill. I perhaps am of so little conse-
quent here thai it does not matter how I
vote; but I did not vote for the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the Senator
was not present.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, I was present.
I voted for the Senator's amendment in pref-
erence to the military bill of the House; but
when the question came on the passage of the
bill as amended I did not vote at all. I did
not vote against it, because my Union friends
had agreed on it in caucus. That agreement
is now a well-known fact I believe, and there-
fore I suppose I am at liberty to allude to it.
They agreed on this course of policy as being
the best, and I did not feel at liberty to put
myself in opposition to what was thought essen-
tial for peace.
This difficulty, presented by the decisions
alluded to, occurred to my mind when dis-
cussing the constitutional amendment ques-
tion of last year, and I gave it some attention
in a speech delivered here on the 10th of last
February. The Federal Constitution not only
forbids Congress the power to pass bills of
attainder and ex post facto laws, but it equally
forbids such power to the States. Our su-
preme judicial authority has gone quite far
toward declaring such legislation as now pro-
posed invalid, whether proceeding from the
national or State Legislatures, it has not
extended, and I hope will not extend, the !
principles of the cases decided to such regu-
lations as may be adopted by the States pre-
scribing the qualifications of voters; but such
thing may occur. I only stop now to repeat
that not one Senator in this Hall, and not per-
haps one judge worthy of the name in the
Union, would insist that Congress possesses
the power to apply the principles of this bill
to tho loyal States. If so, Congress would
indeed be supreme, and I can imagine no
power beyond its constitutional grasp.
While we may well admit that Missouri and
New York ana Massachusetts may regulate i
in their own way the qualifications of their j
respective electors and of their State officers, i
none of us will now claim such power for Con-
gress. Hence it follows that if this legislation
finds sanction with the Supreme Court it must
be by virtue of some condition or circumstance
attaching to the seceded and not to the loyal
States. It must result from some power of the
Constitution dominant in peace, but quickened
and developed by rebellion and war. If there
be no such latent power this legislation will fall
to the ground, and such men only will vote and
hold offices in the rebel States as may be per-
mitted by the States themselves. This is the
position of our Democratic friends. They in-
sist that no war can be waged by the United
States against a State or States of the Union,
except in suppression of rebellion, and so soon
as armed force is subdued the rebel States have
the constitutional right to resume their places
instanter in the Union, to send their repre-
sentatives to Congress, and demand all their
former privileges, immunities, and honors if
you please, subject only to the simple right of
the Federal authorities to cause offenders
against the law to be arraigned in the courts
and tried for their treason.
This position, it will be seen, enables a State,
or a confederation of States, as recently, to
commence and carry on a war to dissolve the
Union so long as there is prospect of success,
and when that prospect is removed or the war
itself becomes irksome or unprofitable to the
rebels, to declare the war at an end and a state
of peace to exist. This gives the choice of war
or peace ; it tells rebellious communities they
may take their choice to rule by force or, that
failing, they may return and rule by the ballot
and in the legislative councils of the nation.
They may rebel to secure a certain criminal |
purpose ; to obtain an object which, being ob- !
tained, would render reunion impossible ; and 1
failing to secure it through the bloody paths of j
war, they may under this theory abandon the I
war, not because the object is abandoned, but
because war is not the best means to secure it.
Then the moment the war is abandoned all
power of the United States to put away and
remove forever the disturbing element, to place
it beyond the reach of future hope or to take
guarantees for the future peace and security of
the whole nation, according to this theory,
ceases. If this be true, all the incidents ami
rights of war, which, by the settled principles of
theinternational law were well understood when
our Constitution was made, have no application
at all to war waged by the United States ; at
least they have no application to a civil war
such as we have just passed through. Many of
our Republican friends, on the other hand, it
seems to me, fall into error becausc of their
unwillingness to abandon the idea of punishing
traitors under and by virtue of the national
sovereignty. This idea should, in myjudgment,
be given up, and given up at once. I do not
believe now that any man will be hung for
treason committed in the late war. I doubt
whether any one should be hung unless he
voluntarily and withoutsuperior orders violated
the rules of civilized warfare. And this would
bring us back again to consider what are the
rules of civilized war. We must go to the
international law to find them. Hence I utterly
reject the idea of resorting to the trial and exe-
cution of traitors as a proper security for the
future. Such a course would simply disgrace
us in the eyes of Christian nations as an act
of cruelty wanton in itself, wholly devoid of
those sanctions now justified by good Gov-
ernments, and not founded on any principle
of indemnity for the past or security for the
future. Our security exists in guarantees as
broad as the causes of the war. If the war
had been confined to irregular individual ac-
tion, the punishment of individuals might suf-
fice. But it was a war of communities,
cemented into a great national power. The
security then must be, not personal, but politi-
cal ; it must relate to communities. And tc
descend now to personal punishments would
scarcely become a nation so great as ours.
We recognized the rebel power during the war
as an independent nation, not of right, but in
fact. The rebellion became a great territorial
war; not an insurrection, but a civil war; the
greatest ever known on earth. Civilization,
humanity, common sense, forced us to recog-
nize them as belligerents. We treated with
them during the war, and so did other nations
as great and perhaps as respectable as our-
selves. Now, that armed force is subdued, we
must proceed to arrange for permanent peace.
In arranging peace I know of no plan except
that recoguized by the laws of reason, nature,
and common sense, which, from inherent neces-
sity, as well as from their admitted justice and
long use by the nations of the world, have
become fixed as part of the international law.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to ask the honora-
ble Senator from whence that power is derived.
Mr. HENDERSON. What power ?
Mr. DAVIS. The power to recognize tho
rebel States as an independent nation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose we, like all
nations of the world, must recognize the estab-
lished principles of international law. Con-
gress, by the Constitution, may declare war,
may grant letters of marque and reprisal, may
raise and support armies, and provide and main-
tain a navy. These powers look to a condition
of war, and war, I presume, when once de-
clared by the United States carries with it all
the incidents known and recognized by the
laws of nations. «
The Senator asks whence the authority to
recognize the rebel power as an independent
power. I answer that the Constitution enables
Congress to declare war. The same Consti-
tution enables it to provide for every phase
the war may assume. Congress may treat for
the exchange of prisoners or send commis-
sioners to treat for peace. It may provide for
a blockade of ports and enforce the rules of
international law against other nations. Our
rights against neutrals would be quite incom-
