1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
the other side had been advanced, the Senate
upon the yeas and nays, by a very large ma-
jority, decided to retain this exception. Under
such circumstances I think it wouldbe extraor-
dinary, to say the least, for us, without any
new reasons, because there can be none, (for,
as I said, the debate so far as reasons go was
exhausted upon the subject,) to suddenly re-
trace our steps without even conferring with
the Representatives of the House as to the
reasons which induced and controlled them in
proposing to us this amendment. Therefore
I hope we shall stand upon the ground which
we have adopted and have a conference, and
not concur in this amendment.
Mr. HOWE. For one, I hope we shall
agree in the amendment of the House. I
differ entirely with the Senator from Vermont
in the statement he has made, that this ques-
tion was fulty argued when it was before the
Senate. I hardly think any member of the
Senate took any particular interest in getting
the amendment made except myself. I was
not prepared to argue it at any length, did not
attempt to argue it at any length. I know
other Senators, who were not then present,
think the amendment ought to be made, and
are prepared to give much more conclusive
reasons for the faith that is in them than I did
give at the time. But, above all, I have a pro-
found conviction, I have a very strong feeling,
that we ought not to pass this bill without
making the amendment. I cannot for my life
conceive, I could not on the occasion of that
debate here, the reason which I should feel
like presenting to the people of the United
States for taking from the President the power
to remove postmasters and collectors of cus-
toms and officers of that description, and leav-
ing in his hands the powerto remove the heads
of Departments at his pleasure.
That the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment has not as complete control over the
question of removing the heads of the Execu-
tive Departments as these other officers I do
not think was disputed the other day or will be
disputed now. It is a question of expediency,
then, if our power is the same, whether we
shall exercise this authority in reference to
these officers; it is a question of expediency
and not of power. Upo"n a question of expe-
diency I do not think the Senate will insist !
upon its opinion against the deliberate opinion -
of the House of Representatives. Wc have j
every reason to believe that the conclusion of
the House of Representatives was arrived at
as deliberately as the opinion of the Senate.
If the Senate will not recede from the position
taken the other day upon a very casual debate,
is there any reason for supposing that the
House of Representatives will recede from the
position which they have taken upon a debate
much more full than that had in the Senate?
I think not.
Beside that, I have no doubt my opinions
are influenced a great deal by my feelings.
My feeling is, as I said before, very strong that
the Senate ought to recede, and that the House
ought not to recede ; and it is constitutional
with me when I think a thing ought to be done
to believe that it will bo done. I hope the
Senate will recede and agree with the House
of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand this bill :
to be based upon some principle, and T should
like to know of the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] what that principle is, except
it be this : that when a person is putin an office
for a fixed period he is to be permitted to
hold that office during the period, unless there
is cause for his removal.
Is that the principle of the bill? Tf it is not
that, what is it? Why are we passing this bill
except to correct what is supposed to be an
evil by the turning of men out of office through
caprice, or to accomplish political ends, or
from improper considerations of some kind ?
If that is the principle of the bill, are you going
to violate it and say that because an officer is
a member of the Cabinet he may be removed
without any cause whatever? What principle
is there in that? Will there be any difficulty
in the President getting the consent of the
Senate at any time to remove a Cabinet officer
if there is any reason why he should be re-
moved ? Will any person fit to occupy the
position of a Cabinet minister be likely to hold
the place when his relations are unfriendly and
hostile to the President? I apprehend not;
and if he were disposed to hold it is there a
Senator here that would hesitate a moment to
confirm the nomination of the President for a
member ofhis Cabinet to succeed such an officer
when we understood that the'relations between
them were unpleasant, unless some public con-
siderations were involved. Would there be
any difficulty in the practical application of
this bill? And do we not give up all the prin-
ciple there is in it if we make this exception ?
W e go to the country arid say we have passed a
bill upon principle, that public policy requires
that the officers of the Government should be
independent and not to hold their office simply
at the will, the whim, and the caprice of the
appointing power ; and yet in that very bill wo
recognize the principle that a portion of them
shall hold their offices at the will and the whim
and the caprice of the appointing power.
1 see no reason for excepting Cabinet officers,
and I think there will be no difficulty in the
practicable operation of the bill. If those offi-
cers are of the character such men ought to be,
it is hardly to be presumed they would continue
to hold office against the wishes ol" the Presi-
dent, with whom they were required to have
personal intercourse. I apprehend such a case
would hardly ever arise ; but if there was a ease
where the public interests, the safety of the
country, or its peace depended upon retaining
in office a faithful public officer who was a Cabi-
net minister when it was sought to use him 1'or
the purpose of the overthrow or the destruction
of the Government, I say the Senate ought to
stAnd here and not allow him to be removed.
If there is any principle in the bill, that is the
principle. If that principle is omitted, I do not
know why we are passing the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should hope never
to see the time in this country when any man
would hold a Cabinet officc when he knew that
it was disagreeable to the President. But I
do not intend to discuss the question now. It
was not expected, I presume, by many Senators
that thi;; bill would conic up this afternoon; a
great many seats are. vacant: and I move to
postpone the further consideration of the bill
until Monday and proceed with the bankrupt
bill. I know several Senators supposed the
bankrupt bill was going on in its details and
that that would be the only business before the
Senate this afternoon, and they are not here,
and a vote ought not to be taken at this time.
This is a question upon which all Senators
feel some interest.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 do not see precisely the
reason for a postponement. The Senate is
now unusually full, particularly when wc con-
sider that it is Saturday afternoon. I doubt
whether on Monday we shall have more here
than we have now. Then, the principle in
question is so very simple that it will not re-
quire lime or debate. I suppose every Sen-
ator is ready to vote upon it now. Why, then,
postpone it? Should wc come to a vote, my
conclusion is very easy ; I shall vote for the
amendment. It seems to me that it is required
by the general principle of the bill. Without
that amendment, the hill is imperfect. How-
ever. on this motion to postpone. I will not go
into the merits of the question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. lam indifferent, person-
ally, whether this matter be postponed until
Monday or not, because, so far as I am con-
cerned, the reasons which have influenced my
action have already been stated, and I have no
fresh ones to give. The argument on the other
side has been gone into to the largest extent.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. IIowe] en-
tertained and instructed us the other day by
at least two elaborate and skillful speeches on
the subject. The Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Hoivai.dJ I am quite cure, maintained the
same side of the argument with his accustomed
ability ; and we were not lacking even in the
assistance of the wisdom of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] upon this point.
But, in spite of all that, the Senate, in a pretty
full Senate, much fuller than now, by a vei*y
large majority, the number I do not recall—by
a majority of 27 to 15 I am told by my friend
from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]—refused to
strike out these words. This identical subject
was under debate for two successive days. I
do not mean all the time; but in one form or
another it was under consideration as to the
propriety of striking out this clause in connec-
tion with inserting some others.
I do not think that anything will be gained
by the gentlemen,who are determined that this
clause shall be stricken out, supposing they
had a majority at this moment, by forcing it
to a vote and concurring with the House, be-
cause I think it altogether probable that the
striking out of these exceptions will be the
utter and entire defeat of the whole measure.
Gentlemen who arc desirous of taking the re-
sponsibility of having no regulation of this
matter, for the simple reason that they cannot
regulate it to the extent they think it advisa-
ble, may have it in their power to defeat ac-
tion altogether, and of course must be willing
to take the responsibilities which flow from
that.
The principle that is involved in this meas-
ure is not precisely that which my honorable
friend from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] stated
just now. He was not present the other day
when this debate took place. The principle
upon which this bill proceeds, its cardinal and
all-embracing principle, is that the duration
of an office, the tenure by which an officer
shall hold it, is the subject of legal regulation.
That is the whole of the essential principle of
the bill. It being established that it is the
subject of legal regulation by the law-making
power of the country, then the question is,
how far is it expedient to apply that principle
to particular offices, and in what way is it ex-
pedient to apply that principle to particular
officcs ? The bill then proceeds upon the idea
that as to the chief executive advisers of the
Chief Magistrate it is expedient that the law
should confer upon the President, as it does
now confer upon him, the power to dispense
with the assistance of a particular individual
in the recess if he chooses to do it. It pro-
ceeds in respect to other officers whose duties
are merely mechanical and executive and arc
not confidential and advisory on the principle
that as to them it is unlit that the public should
lose the benefit of their services until the ulti-
mate tribunal, the President and the Senate
together, shall think proper. That is the prin-
ciple of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I wisb to ask a question
of my honorable friend from Vermont. lie
says that the law at present authorizes the
President to dismiss from office certain officers
during the recess. Does the honorable Sen-
ator refer to any statute of the United States
conferring this authority from the President,
or merely to the practice and usage of the
Government as they have herefore existed? I
am not aware of any statute on that particular
subject, but T may be ignorant.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 did not refer to the
practice, because I am not such a latitudina-
rian as to believe that a practice in the face of
a Constitution as clear as I think ours is on
this point would make the law; but I refer to
the statutes of the United States, the acts of
Congress, every one of which in creating these
Departments, or nearly every one, provides
an authority in the President to remove the
chief executive officer of the Department at
his will and in this way 
Mr. HOWARD. During the recess?
Mr. EDMUNDS. And in this way, not by
expressly declaring that the officer shall hold
his office at the pleasure of the President, but
by providing that when the President shall re-
move the officer another officer shall exercise
the functions of the office and have charge of
