1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
969
ation and praise was his fidelity. He was
no changeling. During the last hours of his
existence he had faith in and stood by that
creed which had fired his zeal in boyhood by
the banks of the Delaware. Pie did not make
shipwreck of his faith ; he did not abandon his
honest convictions when solicited by tempta-
tion or assailed by disaster. He was firm and
intrepid in defending what he esteemed to be
the right, andin denouncing and opposing what
he believed to be wrong; and his blows upon
political opponents, whether of defe'nse or of
aggression, were both manly and effective.
His warfare was honorable, while his sagacity
adapted him to leadership and secured him
within the limited field of his action frequent
and signal triumphs.
He made no pretensions to high ability.
He claimed no front rank among the men of
his age. But the place which he chose to fill
he filled completely and with honor, and his
chief ambition to be considered a true man by
his fellows was completely realized.
I have reason to believe that our deceased
associate, in spite of the depressing influence
of disease and of what he regarded as unfortu-
nate and unpropitious occurrences in the polit-
ical world about him, was not dispirited and
unhopeful of the future of his country. He
looked beyond the clouds to that light which,
though it may be obscured, cannot be ex-
tinguished, and which will surely return after
a time to adorn and beautify the earth. He
knew that war gives way in time to peace and
to the works of peace; that charity and good
will, though they depart from a nation, will
return to its councils and to the hearts of its
people ; that the wounds of conflict may be
healed ; lives sacrificed may be replaced ; in-
dustries suspended may resume their activity ;
and that vice and passion and crime, sown
broadcast from the wings of war, may bo
checked in growth and subdued by generous
statesmanship and by Christian labor. He
left us with his faith in the destiny of our coun-
try unsubdued and unbroken; and shall we
not share in that hope and contribute some-
what to its fulfillment? Are there no duties
upon the living to execute the designs and
complete the works of the departed? At least
let us be hopeful also, and confident in the
future of our country. If evils afflict us, if
difficulties beset us, if dangers threaten, if
wickedness prevail, let us "bate no jot of
heart or hope," but emulate that spirit, that
indomitable courage, with which Milton, old
and blind and poor, within hearing of a ribald
court and surrounded by a degenerate people,
sang the advent of truth, justice, and brother-
hood among men.
Mr. President, I offer the following res-
olutions :
Resolved, That tlio Senate has received with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of Hon.
Philip Johnson, lato a member of the House of
llepiescntatives from the State of Pennsylvania.
Retained, That the members of the Senate, as a
mark of respect for the memory of the deceased, will
go into mourning by wearing crape on the left arm
for the residue of the session.
Rciohed, That the members of the Senate will at-
tend the funeral of Hon. Philip Johnson to-morrow,
at the hour designated by tho House of Iteprcsenta-
tives.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of rcspcct for
the memory of the deceased, the Senate do now ad-
journ.
The resolutions were adopted nemine contra-
dicente; and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 2, 18G7.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
common schools in till! district.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing:
Besolved. That two thousand copies of the various
bills to establish a system of common schools in the
District of Columbia be printed for tho use of tho
members.
rbvenbk collections in maryland.
Mr. P. THOMAS, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to communicate to this House a tabular
statement showing the amount of revenue paid into
the United States Treasury from Baltimore city and
each oneoftheseveral countiesof the State of Mary-
land during the years 1864 and 1865, from all sources
except from duties on imports.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for exec-
utive information, unanimous consent is neces-
sary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. BROOMALL asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Starr for one week.
Mr. KASSON asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence for Mr. Mercur.
Mr. STOKES. I move that the leave of ab-
sence of my colleague, Mr. Arnell, who is
engaged in taking testimony in the case of his
contested election, 4>e indefinitely extended.
The motion was agreed to.
land-grant railroad in michigan.
Mr. LONG YEAR. I ask unanimous con-
sent that Senate bill No. 547, bo taken from the
Speaker's table and put on its passage now.
It is a purely local matter. The bill is entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
extend tho time for the reversion to the United
States of the lands granted by Congress to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Amboy,
by Hillsdale and Lansing, to some point on or
near Traverse Bay, in the State of Michigan,
and for the completion of said road,' " approved
July 3, lSfifl.
Mr. COBB. I object.
Mr. L0NGYI5AR. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his objection till he hears a brief
explanation of the bill.
Mr. COBB. Very well.
Mr. ROSS. I objcct,
Subsequently Mr. Ross said: Understanding
that this bill provides for no additional grant
of land I withdraw my objection.
Mr. CONKUNG. I ask that the bill be
read, reserving the right to object.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
first section of the act named in the bill be ex-
tended by striking out "February" and insert-
ing "July."
Mr, GARFIELD. I object to the consider-
ation of this bill without its reference to a
committee.
Mr. DRIGGS. The bill has received the
unanimous approval of tho Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. It simply proposes an extension
of time for three months.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to its considera-
tion now.
committee on the judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
Committee on the Judiciary have leave for the
remainder of the session to sit during the ses-
sions of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
agricultural report for 1865.
Mr. GRINNELL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Superintendent of PublicPrint-
ing be,and is hereby, directed tointcrspcrsothc illus-
trations in the Agricultural Report for 1865, in the
edition furnished to members of Congress in the same
manner as in tho edition furnished to tho Commis-
sioner of Agriculture.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 718,
to provide increased revenue from imports,
and for other purposes, with sundry amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
It further announced that that body had
passed, without amendment, House bill No.
1000, authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to receive into the Treasury the residuary
legacy of James Smithson,_ to authorize the
Regency of the Smithsonian Institution to
apply the income of said legacy, and for other
purposes.
HOLDING EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that on and after Monday next the House take
a recess at half past four o'clock p. m. until
half past seven, except on Saturdays.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to agree to this motion at the present
time.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If these evening ses-
sions are to be devoted to speech-making I
will not object.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose that they shall be devoted to business.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object if any votes
are to be taken.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I give
noticc that on Monday I shall move a suspen-
sion of the rules for the purpose of making this
motion.
indian difficulties.
Mr. SCHENCK. As chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs I have received
two communications in relation to some very
serious difficulties arising from the fact that the
agents and traders are furnishing arras to the
Indians, which General Sherman has been
obliged to stop in a summary way. I ask that
these communications may be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
report on ciyil service.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted tho following resolution; which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That two thousand extra copies of the
report of the j oin t sel ect Commitee on the Civil Service
of the United States bo printed for tho use of the
IIouso.
Mr. ALLISON demanded the regular order
of business.
tenure of civil offices.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order after the morning hour the bill
(S. No. 453) entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices," the pending
question being upon the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment of Mr.
Williams was rejected.
The amendment was read, as follows:
On lines three, four, and five of section one strike
out the following: _
Excepting the Secretaries of Stato, of tho Treas-
ury, of War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, and
the Postmaster General, and Attorney Goneral.
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tho question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 06, not voting
49 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson.
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwcll, Blaine, Boutwcll,
Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Header W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, De-
lano, Dixon, Donnelly, Ecklcy, Eggleston, Eliot,
Farquhar, Garfield, Grinnell, Abner C. Hardin?,
Hayes, Hicbv, Hill, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, John H.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian, Kelley, Koontz. Laflin,
William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, McKee, McKucr,
Miller. Moorhead, Morrill, Moulton, Myers. O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Price, William H. Ran-
dall, Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellnbarger, Sloan,
Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Wel-
kor, Wentworth, Williams, James F. Wilson, and
Stephen F. Wilson—75. _
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, DelosB, Ashley, Bergen,
Bingham, Boyer, Campbell, Cooper, Davis, Dawes,
Dawson, Dcfrees, Deming, Dodge, Driggs, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Finek, QloBsbrenner, Geodyear.
