.If06.
m$ congressional GLQPS.
for me, Mr. Chairman, nor for the; gentleman
from Ohio to inquire into, the nio.tives of either
President Lincoln or President Johnson, but I
do assert (liat they have occupied exactly the
same position in reference to these removals
from office. In other words, that Mr. Lincoln
removed persons from office during his term in
the same manner as Mr. Johnson has done, for
political purposes. I do n.ot assert that Mr. Lin-
coln did it for corrupt purposes at all; neither
do I believe that Mr. Johnson has done it for
such. " And I am glad to hear that the gentle-
man from Ohio qualifies his statement, and
says he has not made up his mind on that
.point.
Mr. BINGHAM. I was only saying that
the gentleman had done me injustice in over-
looking the fact before he took the floor at all.
' Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I did
not mean to misstate the gentleman's position.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no doubt the gen-
tleman did not mean it, but I was explaining
to the House why I made this exception, and
having said that much and the gentleman hav-
ing made the suggestion which he has by way
of explanation of his position, I beg leave to
notify him—and it is a further justification of
the exception that is made here for the pres-
ent—that we are charged by the Constitution
and by our oaths, in case the question comes
before us, with the duty of deciding that very
question, whether the President of the United
States has for corrupt personal ends created
vacancies in any office hitherto filled, in accord-
ance with the provisions of the Constitution,
by joint act qf the President and Senate of
the United States.
I repeat what I said before in justification
of the exception 1 have made by the amend-
ment wiich I have offered, that in case the
House of Representatives, upon full investiga-
tion and inquiry, comes to the conclusion that
the President of the United States, for corrupt
personal ends and not because of incapacity
or of infidelity to duty, has removed a compe-
tent and faithful officer, he is guilty of a high
crime and misdemeanor within the terms of
the Constitution. The decision of that ques-
tion in the first place belongs to the House.
Therefore it is I make the exception.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. lean only
say that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] has given us some sort of notice of what
he is going to do with the President. I doubt
not the acts of the President will stand the test
of examination, and the sooner you commence
your work and cease to threaten the better.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have not said what I
am Jibing to do. I have only stated why I
made the exception which I indicated.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Binghah to the amendment of Mr. Ben-
jamin.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to modify my
amendment so that it will read as follows:
Provided, That no assessor or collector, not ap-
pointed to fill a vacancy caused by death or resigna-
tion, shall be entitled to or paid any portion of the
salary pertaining to the office of said collector or
assessor unless confirmed by the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. I understood yesterday
that the Committee of the Whole, by unani-
mous consent, adopted the five-minute rule,
which allows but five minutes debate for and
five minutes against any one proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so under-
stands.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say in regard
lo the amendment I have offered, that I have
uo desire to interfere with those assessors and
collectors who have been appointed to fill
vacancies caused by death, resignation, or any-
thing else that should entitle them in justice to
receive their pay. But we know this v#ry well,
that persons who have been rejected by the
Senate, who have not been able to command a
single vote in that body for their confirmation,
have been reappointed by the President, and
are now discharging the duties of assessors and ;
collectors under the internal revenue law.
Now, we all agree that the Senate is entitled
to a voice in this matter; that the Senate is
entitled to a say-so as to who shall discharge
the duties of these offices. The Senate lias
expressed its opinion in condemnation of many
of these persons; but in spite of tjiat expression
of opinion the President has appointed them,
and they are now discharging the duties of these
offices. It is to prevent payment in such cases
that I have offered this amendment."
There, is a case of the kind in my own dis-
trict. An individual was appointed "there dur-
ing the session of the Senate at the last ses-
sion of Congress. He failed to receive, in favor
of his confirmation a majority of the votes of
the Senate; I am xiot certain that he received
one vote. Yet immediately after the adjourn-
ment of the Senate he was, reappointed and
commissioned, and is to-day the collector of
the district which I represent in this House.
And other members here know of after cases
of the kind, not only assessors and collectors,
but many other officers. I have, however,
offered my amendment to this appropriation,
which is for the purpose of paying assessors
and collectors, to prevent the payment of such
officers as I have mentioned.
Mr. O'NEILL. I desired the floor a few
minutes ago, in order to say a few words in
reply to my colleague from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Randall] on the other side of the House. It
may be a little out of order for me to. do so
upon this amendment, and yet I may as well
state to the House the difference, so far as
Philadelphia is concerned, between the politi-
cal appointments of Mr. Lincoln and those of
the present Executive of this country.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to ask for the
enforcement of the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed upon
the pending amendment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
my colleague [Mr. O'Neill] will be allowed to
proceed and that I may be allowed to clean
him out. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. It requires unanimous
consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. O'NEILL. What Abraham Lincoln
did during his administration, and what An-
drew Johnson has been doing during the last
campaign, in the matter of political appoint-
ments, are entirely different things. The late
President of the United States, I do not think,
ever permitted or ever acquiesced in any such
acts as have been performed under the present
Executive. For instance, the present Secre-
tary of the Navy within the past few months
permitted a board of naval officers, two of them
officers of the line, and another an officer of the
engineers of the Navy, to sit in judgment upon
the political status of the working men and
master mechanics employed in the Philadel-
phia navy-yard. He permitted these officers
officially to ask the question whether these
poor 'working men and roaster mechanics
belonged to a political organization opposed
to the policy of Andrew Johnson. I do not
know whether the present President ordered
that to be done. But I do know that those
officers of the Navy, departing from the true
line of their duty ; obliged, I have no doubt,
to depart from it by an order; did sit as a board
and inquire of master mechanics and others
whether they belonged to the organization
which elected radical Republican members to
this House, and whether they marched in the
processions of that organisation. These inquir-
ies were made a matter of record, which record
I believe is now in the Navy Department.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Chairman, in reply—-
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
I shall be allowed the privilege 
TheCHAIRMAN. Thegentleman can only
proceed by unanimons consent. Is there any
objection?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I con-
demn as much as my colleague the act to which
he alludes 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania" proceeding eut of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. Theremarkgof the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania are out of order,
objection being made.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend by striking out the last word.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
igifi order. An amendment to tlie suilJndpiciit
' i« now pending.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I thought,
there was an understanding that I should bo
permitted to reply to, the remarks, o.f nxy ool-
leigne.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must rule
that debate is out of order.
The question being taken on. the amendment
to the amendment, it was agreed 'to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania.. I move
.to amend the amendment hy striking out the
last word. I wish to say in reply to my col-
league, that I condemn just as much as hie
does the sitting of that board, which emanated
from the authority of the commandant o,f the
yard, a Republican; and so soon as the. Navy
Department was informed of the matter an
order  was issued countermanding the action
of the commodore of the yard.
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to say that this
board did sit, and that after its sitting these
working men and master mechanics and others
were discharged for the reason I have men-
tioned.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order; there is an amendment pending, and
debate is exhausted upon both.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
proposed a new amendment to strike ou,i the
last word.
The CHAIRMAN. The ijjnendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] was
voted upon; and the question recurring on
the amendment, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania moved an amendment to the amendment.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania is in order.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvaia. Now, I
desire to say one word as to what Abraham
Lincoln and those under him did in that navy-
yard,during theperiod of his presidency. Abra-
ham L^coln wrote with his own.hand a letter,
which was read individually to the workmen
of that yard, demanding that at the election
then about to take place I should be beaten at
all hazards. Gentlemen may talk about men
in high position descending to " Mall things.
Why, sir, I felt humiliated to'tfiink that the
President of the United States should have
done such an act.
Again, sir, my colleague is perfectly well
aware that during the Administration of Presi-
dent Lincoln a secret committee was organ-
ized in the city of Philadelphia, headed by an
ex-sheriff, to inquire into the political senti-
ments of every man, woman, and child holding
any employment under the Government; and
according to my information every woman who
had a brother who was a Democrat was de-
prived of employment as a sewing-woman in
the United States arsenal at Philadelphia. Yet
my distinguished friend [Mr. Bingham] has
the effrontery—he will pardon the expression,
for I entertain for him great respect—to com-
plain of Andrew Johnson because he has made
removals from office for political reasons. I
am only sorry that he did not carry the war
further into Africa than he did, and see how
the action of Abraham Lincoln would stand
the test which he would apply to the course
of Andrew Johnson.
The secret committee to which Have alluded
did not emanate from any Department; it had
no legal authority whatever ; it originated in a
desire to persecute people for opinion's sake;
and at that time my respected colleague
very ready to be the recipient of all the political
benefits arising from that sort of a crusade.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. 1 yield
to my colleague.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Chairman, I was very
mneh pleased to hear my colleague say that he
