1867.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
and quarrels over these perplexing questions, I
which probably should be committed to local I
governments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator that allusions to the
other House, especially of a disparaging char-
acter, are out of order.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was not aware that
I spoke of the House of Representatives in a
disparaging manner. I have a right to speak
of the amendment that they sent here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator to speak of the House
of Representatives as having been quarreling.
The Chair considers such a remark as dispar-
aging to the House and not in order.
Mr. HENDERSON. I of course must sub-
mit; bat I certainly did not intend any reflec-
tion on the House of Representatives. I meant
to say that there had been a contest between
the two Houses and among members of the
two Houses upon these points. I certainly
have a right to express my opinion in regard
to an amendment which the House has adopted
and sent to us for action, and which is now
pending.
Take, for instance, the State* of Arkansas.
From a third to a, half of the people are and
ever have been loyal to the Government. It
is admitted that the present government there
is in the hands of those who waged war against
us. Instead of recognizing the further con-
tinuance of that government, which will carry
the State further and further every day from
restoration, would it not be better to assert
the jurisdiction of Congress in the premises
by setting up a loyal government and placing
it in the hands of those who are friendly
to the Union? As a military government is
utterly incapable of administering justice, the
proposed administration must be of a civil
nature. The Governor and Legislature should
be residents of the State, men of acknowl-
edged patriotism and undoubted moral integ-
rity and worth. Such men can be obtained in
each seceded State. In these men the people
would have confidence. Their administration
of public affairs, founded upon justice and
moderation, would soon silence all opposition
and command the respect and approval of all
well-disposed citizens. To them should be
intrusted the entire machinery of State gov-
ernment. They should call conventions when
necessary, order elections, fix the qualifications
for office and regulate the elective franchise
until the State could be admitted with a con-
stitution settling these questions. They should
be intrusted with full legislative power, with
authority to appoint judicial and executive
officers, to prescribe their duties, and to aid
and assist them in the enforcement of the
laws. Should it become necessary, the Legis-
lative Council or the Governor should be au-
thorized to call upon the United States for
military protection against insurrection or
domestic violence. Beyond this I would not
extend the military arm in the seceded States.
When this is done, reconstruction is an ac-
complished fact. Until it is done, all is doubt
and uncertainty. As a true friend of restora-
tion, prompt, speedy, and effective—believing
as I do that this is the only safe, certain, and
constitutional mode of reconstruction, and
convinced as I am that the best interests of
every part of the nation imperatively demand
the supremacy of the civil over the military
power as a means of preserving peace and re-
publican liberty, I can but regret that some
plan of this sort has not been adopted.
I have not interfered with the subject simply
because it could not be debated except upon
propositions coming from the Reconstruction
Committee. Any propositions offered stood
committed to it without debate. But so thor-
oughly am I satisfied of the legality, expedi-
ency, and necessity of seme such plan as this
that I shall feel it my duty at the beginning of
the next session to present it and urge it upon
the consideration of Congress.
Reluctantly I come to the support of the
pending measure, I may vote for it, but the
vote will not carry my assent. It has the con-
sent of my party friends, who think, perhaps,
it is better than nothing. In that opinion I
scarcely concur. In its military features it is
worse than nothing. It asserts the supremacy
of Congress, but fails to enforce its power.
Reconstruction is left dependent first upon the
caprices of the South, and second upon the
interests or whims of parties now represented
here. It is a subject too important to be trifled
with. True patriotism should be equally deaf
to the complaints of usurpation from the South,
and the dictates of prejudice or party success
from the North. If the South must be taxed,
it must be represented. If represented at all,
it must be through its loyal men. The national
Union must bo preserved, and no man op-
posed to its preservation must ask to exercise
power as a means to carry out his opposition.
The national faith is pledged to protect the
liberties of the black man, and no schemes to
violate that faith should be tolerated. The
national honor is plighted to its defenders in
the field and also to its honest creditors. This
honor must not be tarnished. A great war has
been closed in a great civil revolution, the
responsibilities and duties of which must be
accepted in good faith. The past must soon
be forgotten, and men must prepare themselves
for the future. That future can be made pros-
perous and happy. It needs only that preju-
dice be discarded. The spirit of vengeance
must not be cherished. The promptings of
avarice must be expelled and the true princi-
ples of republican government enforced, what-
ever may become of politicians ortheir schemes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to call
the attention of the Senate to the fact that we
shall probably be obliged, from the pressure of
business and the little time that is left to us, to
sit here every night; and as there is, of course,
no disposition to protract this debate merely
for the sake of protracting it, and as every gen-
tleman's mind is unquestionably made up, I
cannot help suggesting to our friends that we
be allowed to take the question now. in order
that we may have some rest to prepare our-
selves for the nights when we must sit late in
order to finish the business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I only wish to say to
my honorable friend from Missouri [Mr. Hen-
derson] that he has altogether mistaken me ;
that although I may have spoken in the heat
of the moment very earnestly, I had not the
slightest feeling toward him personally. I
was simply speaking of the ideas that were
passing between him and myself. Toward
him, certainly, I have never entertained any-
thing but the kindest feelings of personal re-
gard.
Mr. DAYIS. The honorable Senator from
Missouri just before he took his'seat assumed
the position that Louisiana and the other States
of the South were still States, but without
governments. If they are States, I ask the
honorable Senator from whence he derives
the power to Congress to make governments
for them? I intended to put that question to
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] who made a speech this afternoon
before the recess. He stated that he had no
more doubt of the power of Congress to pass
the measure under consideration than he had of
its power to levy taxes. If that honorable Sen-
ator were in his seat I would ask him whence
he derives that power to Congress? I desire
to have the Senator from Missouri answer the
same question. While he was speaking the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] handed
him the Constitution, and directed him to soma
clauses in it. Now, I ask either of those gen-
tlemen or any gentleman here to read to the
Senate the clause of the Constitution that vests
any power in Congresc to pass this measure.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irom
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before th«f vote is taken
I will state to the Senate thM iu consequence
of the temporary illness of the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Grimes] I have agreed to pair off
with him, and shall therefore withhold my
vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 33 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Hend-
ricks, Johnson, Nesmith, Patterson, and Sauls*
bury—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown,Cattell, Chandler, Conncss,
Cragiu, Creswell, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Foster,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Harris, Henderson, Howard,
Howe, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Poland,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Dixon,, Doolittle,
Grimes, Guthrie, McDougall, Norton, jNye, Riddle,
Sprague, and Van Winkle—11.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected,
ftr. WILSON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, but if it is objected to on this side of the
Chamber I shall not press it. It is to add tat
the sixth section of the House amendment the
following words:
And all offices uowheld under the assumed author-
ity of the rebel State governments shall be vacated
within ninety days after the passage of this act; and
itshall be the dutyof the commanding officer of each
military district to enforce this provision.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I do not desire to press my
amendment against the wishes of our friends
; on this side; but I believe it is our duty to do
1 what it proposes in some other form and in
I some other bill if not on this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
by the House of Representatives,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, (when his name was
called.) On this question I have paired off
with the honorable Senator from Iowa, who if
he were present would vote for concurrence,
and I should vote against it.
Mr. JOHNSON, (when his name was called.)
I desire to inquire of the Chair whether a vote
of concurrence in the amendments of the House
has the effect of passing the bill at once ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore It has.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I vote "yea."
The call of the roll having been completed,
the result was announced—yeas 85, nays 7, as
follows : '
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Creawell, Edmunds, Fessenden. Fogg,
Foster, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Harris, Henderson,
Howard, Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood, .Lane, Morgan,
Morrill, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman,
Stewart. Sumner, Trumbull. Van Winkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—35.
NAYS—Messre. Buckalew, Cowan, Dans, Hend-
ricki ""
Grimes,
and Spragu®—10.
So the House amendments were concurred in.
order op business.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that we pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate joint res-
olution No. 164, relative to the Paris Exposi-
tion, in order that it may be the regular busi-
ness for to-morrow at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will re-
quire a different motion to effect the Senator's)
purpose, as there is a bill now before the Sen-
ate which was laid aside informally for action
on the measure just disposed of.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to mova that the
Senate hold an evening session to-morrow,
commencing at half past seven o'clock p. m.,
to enable us to complete business from the
Patent Committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us settle that to-
morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at ten
o'clock and forty-seven minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
