1646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 28,1867.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boykton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
AGRICULTURAL ItEPORT.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, submitted the following resolution ; on
which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved,, That there be printed of the Report of
the Commissioner of Agriculture for the year 1866,
one hundred and sixty-five thousand extra copies,
namely, one hundred and forty-five thousand copies
for the members of the House, and twenty thousand
for the Commissioner of Agriculture.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE ItEPORT.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
also submitted the following resolution; on
which he demanded the previous question:
Reiolved, That there be printed of the annual
Report of the Commissioner of Patents for 1866,
together with the illustrations, five thousand extra
copies for tho use of the Commissioner of Patents,
and ten thousand extra copies for tho use of this
House.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION REPORT.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
also submitted the following resolution; on
which he demanded the previous question:
Reiolved. That five thousand extra copies of tho
last Reportof the Smithsonian Institution be printed,
two thousand for thd Institution and three thousand
for the use of the members of this House; and that
the same be stereotyped.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MURDER OF UNION SOLDIERS.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee, also
submitted the following resolution; on which he
demanded the previous question :
Retained, That there be printed for the use of this
House, ten thousand extra copies of tho Reports of
thoselect Committee ontheMurderof Union Soldiers
in Nortli Carolina, with the evidence taken by said
committee.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BLANK FORMS.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution, and called
the previous question thereon; under the oper-
ation of which it was passed :
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of thii
House notifications, as follows:
House of Representatives,
Washington, D. C„ 186—.
Dear Sib: I have this day mailed to your address
 . If you have not received it
please call at the post office for it.
Very respectfully,  —
The same to be printed on half sheets of note paper
weighing not over five pounds to tho ream.
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for the regular
order.
The House resumed the consideration of the
regular order, being the motion of Mr. Ray-
mond, pending at the adjournment of last
evening, to suspend the rules for the purpose
of introducing the following resolution calling
for executive information:
Whereastho establishments immediate proximity
to tho Territory of the United States of a powerful
monarchy, under the protection and with the sup-
port of a foreign nation, cannot be regarded as other-
wise than hostile to the peace and menacing to the
safety of this Republic: Therefore,
Retolved. That the President of the United States
bo respectfully requested to inform this Houso
whether any remonstrance has been made by this
Government agflnst the proposed consolidation of
all tho British North American Provinces into a
single confederation under the imperial rulo of an
English prince, or whether the consent of the Gov-
ernment has been given in any way, directly or in-
directly, to the consummation of this project.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have no desire to detain
the House by pressing this motion under what
appeared last night to be the evident disinclina-
tion of the House to suspend the rules. I
therefore ask the consent of the House to
introduce it merely for the purpose of having
it referred to the Committee on foreign Affairs,
with leave to report at any time.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the House will con-
sent to that.
No objection being made to the withdrawal
of the motion to suspend the rules, it was ac-
cordingly withdrawn.
Several Members objected to allowing the
committee to report at any time.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules
to allow the committee to report at any time.
The motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. KASSON, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back the Senate
amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 103U)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1808, and asked for its consideration now.
The motion was agreed to; and the amend-
ments of the Senate were read as follows:
First amendment:
Page 3, line four, insert:
For first installments of annuity, to he expended at
the discretion of the President in such articles, goods,
and provisions as he may from time to time deter-
mine, $10,000 of which may be expended in the
purchase of stock animals, agricultural implements,
in instructing in agricultural and mechanical pur-
suits, in employing mechanics, in educating their
children, providing necessary and proper medicine
and medical attendance, care for ana support of
their aged, infirm, and siclc, for their helpless orphans,
and in any other respect to promote their civilisation,
comfort, and improvement, and also for pay of head
chief, $30,000.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Insert:
Arickarees, Gros Ventres, and Mandans:
For first installment of annuity, to be expended in
such goods, provisions and other articles as the Presi-
dent may from time to time determine, $o,000 of which
may bo expended in the purchase of stock animals,
agricultural implements, in instructing in agricul-
tural and mechanical pursuits, in employing mechan-
ics, educating their children, providing medicine and
medical attendance, oarc for and support of the aged,
sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said
Indians, and in any other respect to promote their
comfort and eare: and also for pay of head chief,
soldier chiefs, second chiefs, and Pierre Gavreau for
his services to the Arickarees, $40,000.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Insert:
Cheyennes of the Upper Platte river:
For this amount for the Cheyennes, near Fort Lara-
mie, to be placed at the disposal of the Secretary of
the Interior, to be expended by him or under his
direction, in such manner as will tend to sustain
peaoeable relations with said Indians, {15,000,
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Page 10, strike out lines eight, nine, ten, and eleven,
and insert:
For the eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth,
fifteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth, eighteenth, nine-
teenth, twentieth, and twenty-first of the forty-six
installments to be paid the Chippewas of the Missis-
sippi, as per third article treaty of August, 1847,
811,000.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concuried in.
Fifth amendment:
Page 14, line eight, strike out after the word
"tribe " the word " three " and insert " ten."
Mr. STEVENS. How will it then read ?
The Olerk read the paragraph as amended
by the Senate :
For insurance and transportation of annuity goods
and provisions, and iron and steel for blacksmiths,
for the Chippewas of Red Lake and Pembina tribe,
$10,000.
Mr. KASSON. I do not understand that
to be the amendment about which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] in-
quired ; for the committee recommend non-
concurrence in that amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I asked for an explana-
tion of the amendment.
Mr. KASSON. That can be given very
briefly. It is the fourth amendment, and the
appropriation is for the Chippewas of the Mis-
sissippi. The appropriations stipulated for by
treaty have been omitted for several years;
and the omission arose from the fact that
about 1852 Congress, owing to the destitute
condition of the Indians, appropriated some
five installments in advance. That being done
they of course stopped including this appro-
priation in the annual estimates, and it con-
tinued to be left out until attention was called
to it by complaints of the Indians which reached
the Indian Office. I have examined the trea-
ties and the laws on the subject and I find the
statement to be correct, that we have failed to
make these appropriations since the time when
they should have been resumed, about the year
1855; and consequently that there are now
about eleven thousand dollars due from the
Government to the Indians upon these annu-
ities.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Page 14, line thirteen, insert:
For this amount to pay interest oil certain non-
paying stock held in trust by the Secretary of the
Treasury for the Chickasaw Indians for the two fiscal
years ending June 30, 1868, per tenth article of the
treaty of April 28.1866, $119,859 98.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
Mr. KASSON. The importance of this
amendment requires that I should make a
statement to the House. By the treaty ap-
proved April 28, 1866, the provisions of for-
mer treaties were restored and put into full
force and effect from the 30th of June, 1866.
The United States, several years ago, nnder
former administrations of the Government,
with exceeding imprudence and impropriety,
invested part of the funds of these Indians in
certain State and corporation stocks, among
which are stocks of the State of Illinois, of
the State of Indiana, of the State of Maryland,
and of the State of Tennessee; and also stocks
of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad
Company, and of some other railroad com-
pany. Those stocks are all included in this
estimate as non-paying stocks. I was not
aware that the State of Indiana or the State
of Illinois or of Maryland had repudiated
their bonds in which the funds of the Indians
were invested. That should be examined.
Further, the United States have had control
of those southern railroads in which these
investments were made; and certainly before
they relinquished their control over those roads,
which were held for a time by military conquest
and authority, they should have taken means
to protect the interests of the United States in
the bonds of those railroads held for the In-
dians. Some branch of the Government seems
to have neglected this entirely, probably from
being ignorant of the facts of the case. I make
this public statement now so that it may be
observed in the Executive Departments that
