1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1647
something remains to be done in respect to
the security of the United States in this mat-
ter. I am satisfied that we are the indorsers
of these bonds, because the investments were
to be made in safe and good stocks, and were
actually made in unsafe and bad stocks, either
in part or in whole.
The committee recommend non-concurrence
in order to see if some provision may not be
made by which the United States will assume
the debt and turn over these bonds to law offi-
cers of the Government to ascertain whether
they are worth anything or not.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
After line eleven, page 19, insert:
Crows:
For first installment of annuity, tobeexpended for
>ac>i useful goods, provisions and other articles as
the President from time to time may determine;
$8,000 of which installment may be expended for the
purchase of stock, animals, agricultural improve-
ments, in the employment of mechanics. in educating
their children, and providing necessary medicines
and medical attendance and carc.
For the support of the a?ed, infirm, or sick, for the
helpless orphans of said Indians, and in any other
respect to promote their civilization, comfort, and
improvement, and also for pay of head chief, $25,000.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Insert the following:
For this amount for pay of sixteen half-breeds in
foods or money, at the discretion of the President,
fifty dollars each, $800.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Insert the following:
For this amount to be paid Pierre Chien, in con-
sideration ot the friendship and services rendered by
him to the Crow Indians, $200.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Page 37, line twenty, after the word " dollar" insert
the following:
Provided, That the sum hereby appropriated for
pay of farmer, as well as any unexpended balance
heretofore for the samcobject, made at the discretion
of the Secretary of the Interior, be expended for
subsistence, clothing, and such other useful articles
as he may deem necessary.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
On page 38, line twenty-seven, strikeout" Tamer"
and insert" Tamar."
Mr. KASSON. The committee recommend
concurrence in this amendment, with an amend-
ment. The true name of the county is "Tama."
The committee recommend striking out "Ta-
mar" and inserting "Tama."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; and the amendment, as amended,
was then concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Insert after line twenty-two, page 43, the follow-
ing:
For this amount for the Brule and Ogallalla bands
of Sioux, to be placed at the disposition of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, to be expended by him or under
his direction, in such manner as will best tend to
sustain peaceful relations with said Indians, $70,000.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Insert the following:
Lower Brules:
For first of five installments, being twenty-five dol-
lars tor each lodge or family engaged in agricultural
pursuits on their# reservation, (one hnndred lodges,)
to be expended in stock, agricultural and other im-
plements, and improvement*, under the direction erf
the Secretary of the Interior, the said stock, &c., to
remain the property of the United States, to be used
for the benefit of said lodges or families, and in no
case to be sold or alienated by said band, per sixth
article treaty of October 14,1865, for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1868, $2,500.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Insert the following:
For pay of farmer, per sixth artiele treaty of Octo-
ber 14, 1865, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1868.
•800.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
For the erection of a blacksmith shop, per sixth
article treaty of October 14,1865, 8500.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Insert the following:
For the support of one blacksmith, and for tools,
iron and steel, and other articles necessary for the
blacksmith shop, per sixth article treaty ot October
14, 1865, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1S68. $1,500.
The committee recommeud concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Insert the following:.
Two Kettles:
For firstoffivc installments, being twenty-five dol-
lars for each lodge or family located on lands for agri-
cultural purposes, (one hundred and thirteen lodges,)
to be expended in agricultural implements and im-
provements, per fifth article treaty of October 19,1865,
lor the fiscal year ending June 30,1808, $2,825.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Insert the following:
Yanktonnais:
For first of five installments, being twenty-five dol-
lars lor each lodge or family located on lands for agri-
cultural purposes, (one hundred and fifteen lodges,)
to be expended in agricultural implements and for
improvements, per filth article treaty of October 20,
1865, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1868, $2,875.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Insert the following:
Sans Arcs:
For first of five installments, being twenty-five
dollars for each lodge or family located on land for
agricultural purposes, (thirty-eight lodges,) to be
expended in agricultural implements and improve-
ments, per fifth article treaty of October 20, 1865, for
fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, $950.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
On page 51. in lino seven, strike out "thirty-fivo"
and insert " seventy."
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
On page 51, strike out all after "dollars," in line
nineteen, to the end of line twenty-one, as follows:
Provided. That no part of said money shall be dis-
bursed by Alexander Humming?, the present super-
intendent ol Indian affairs for Colorado Territory.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
On page 53, after line twenty-three, insert the fol-
lowing:
For this amount to carry out the action contem-
plated by the act of Congress approved May 5,1864,
entitled "An act to vacate and sell the present reser-
vations in Utah Territory, and to seUle the Indians
of said Territory in the Uintah valley," to be ex-
pended in removing and settling the Indians in said
valley, $15,000,
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Insert the following:
For this amount to supply deficiency in the appro-
priation lor incidental expenses of the Indian service
in Utah, for fiscal year ending June 30, 1866. $12,000.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
On page 54, after line five, insert the following:
For the reappropriation of the sum carried to the
surplus fund tor warrant No. 172, dated June 30,1865,
under the head " For surveying and allotting to the
proper persons thereserved tracts per ninth and tenth
articles treaty with Sacs and Foxes and other tribes of
Indians, July 15.1830," $1,209 97.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Insert the following:
For this amount, being the balance due on the
award of tho Secretary of the Interior to the dele-
gates of the southern Cherokees tor costs and ex-
penses incurred by them in negotiating the recent
treaty with the United States and the Cherokee In-
dians, to be reimbursed to tho Government ot the
United States out of the proceeds of the sale of the
Cherokee lands, $18,825
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
On page 54, after line twenty, insert the following:
For additional pay of four physicians, four black-
smiths and assistants, four carpenters, four teachers,
and four farmers on the four reservations in Cali-
fornia, for the fiscal year ending June30.1868, $7,200.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Insert the following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be no-
cessary to purchase a saw and grist mill for the Kou&d
Valley reservation, $5,000.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
On page 55, after line three, insert the following:
For the relief ol tho Navajo Indiaus now at or near
Fort Sumner, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, $100,000: Provided.
I That no rations or supplies shall be furnished to said
Indians by the War Department after the 1st day
of July next.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
On page 56, after line eleven, insert the following:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriations for
transporting goods purchased for tho Sioux of Da-
i kota Indians, under treaty made at Fort Sully in
October, 1865, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1867,
; $4,sai 82.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
Insert:
Flathcads:
For this amount, to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for the Flatheads and other confeder-
ate tribes for the fiscal year ending June 30,1865,
being the fifth installment for beneficial objects, under
treaty of Jlfly 16,1855, $1,000.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-first amendment:
Insert:
Qui-nai-clts and Qui-leh-utes:
For this amount, to supply a deficiency in the ap-
propiiation for the fiscal year onding June 30,1867,
of the first of four installments on $25,000, stipulated
to be paid the Qui-nai-clts and Qui-leh-utes, as per
fourth article treaty of July 1,1855, $300.
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-second amendment:
Insert:
To supply a deficiency for funds heretofore appro-
priated on account of Winnebago trust lands, and
for tho Arapahoes and Cheyennes of Upper Arkan-
sas river, under treaty stipulations, and which were
lost by deposit in the Merchants' National Bank, at
Washington, $33,037 02.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-third amendment:
Strike out the following:
For expense of collecting and locating the Colorado
River Indians in Arizona on a reservation set apart
for them by section first, act of March 3, 1865, includ-
ing the expense of constructing a canalfor irrigating
said reservation, $50,000.
The committee recommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
Add at the end of the bill as follows:
And be it further enacted. That whenever a vacancy
shall occur in the olhee of any sub-Indian agent,
whose salary or compensation exceeds $1,000 per an-
num, the same shall only be filled by some person to
be appointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, except if such vacancy shall
occur in the recess ot the Senate, tho same may ba
temporarily filled by some person to be commissioned
by the President, and he shall hold his office until
the end of the next session.
Mr. KASSON. The Committee on Appro-
priations recommend concurrence, with the fol-
lowing amendment:
Add:
And be it further enacted. That the sum hereinbefore
appropriated to the Miamis of Indiana, or which shall
hereafter be appropriated to them, shall only be paid
to persons included in the corrected list referred to
in the amendment of the Senate to article four of the
treaty of June 5, 1854, and to the increase of their
families as therein described, and to such other per-
sons, if any, who shall have been shown to have teen
added to said list by the consent of said Miami Indians
of Indiana, obtained in council, according to the cus-
tom of the Miami tribe of Indians, and all laws in
conflict with the provisions of this section are hereby
repealed.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to say that the formal
