1866.
MM 'OOjrGRBSSIONAL GLOBE.
this-" bread and "butter brigade.''- Well, sir,
from the strides that are beitijjf'taken: \)f th'e
dominant party in this House 1 think there is
no question where it will' rest. My colleague
[Mr. Bingham] has even thrown out an inti-
mation—if I understand him aright, and I call
his attention to it—that- removals for political
reasons are to be considered as corruption in
office. He spoke of removals for cause and
removals for disability; but did not allude to
the other class of removals. That leaves it to
be inferred that where the Executive removes
for political considerations it is corruption in
office.
- Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that I said nothing of the sort?
[Here'the hammer fell.]
The question was upon the motion- of Mr.
Farnswokth, to strike out the paragraph.
" Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the par-
agraph pro forma, by striking out the last word.
It was very far from my purpose, when I in-
troduced the proviso to the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,] to
excite or authorize any such remarks on the
part of any gentleman as have just fallen from
the lips of my friend over the way, [Mr. Le
Blond.] On the contrary, lest there might be
some apology or excuse for such utterances as
the gentleman has just-made, I qualified my
meaning by my own language so as to exclude
any conclusion like that which the gentleman
has announced. I stated that where the Pres-
ident of the United States makes a removal
from office corruptly and for personal ends he
was guilty of a high crime %nd misdemeanor,
and that the Constitution charged us upon
our oaths to make that inquiry and decide that
question.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will my colleague per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. LB BLOND. Does my colleague wish
it understood that a removal from office for
political reasons merely is one of the class he
speaks of?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have made no intima-
tion that would even justify such an inquiry.
So far as I am personally concerned I excluded
all inquiries of that sort. But as the question
comes up, I am free to say further—and if
anybody will persuade me that I am wrong in
my judgment at any time, upon this or any
other question, I will change it—I am free to
say that where the removal' is made merely
because of personal considerations toward the
party removed, and not with any corrupt motive
ou the part of the Executive, the removal being
made in accordance with the continued practice
of the Government from its organization to the
present ti«ne, it would not in my opinion be a
high crime or misdemeanor. Is my colleague
[Mr. Le Bloxd] satisfied?
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] yield to me for a mo-
ment?
Mr. BINGHAM% No, sir. I introduced that
proviso for the purpose of preventing what I
believed would be a flagrant violation of the
written text and spirit of the Constitution of
my country. I was provoked into these other
remarks in the course of the debate, yet I intend
to ask no pardon, to offer no apology for what
I have said upon that subject. But I will take
care that no man shall make a speech for me,
or put into my mouth words which I never
uttered or intended to utter. I think it would
be well when this bill comes into the House
to amend this portion of it—the amendment of
my friend from Missouri [Ii{r. Benjamin]—so
as to make it conform to the exact words of the
Constitution. Gentlemen may say that it would
be nugatory. I admit that it would be unless
we proceed with the legislation already inau-
gurated to determine by law the legal effect of
the words in the Constitution.
I have said this much to vindicate my own
position, and to correct the impression which
might otherwise be produced by the remarks
made by my colleague, [Mr. Le BloiND.] I
now withdraw my amendment' to the amend-
ment.
Mr. CHANLER. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, in the remarks which I made in
regard to the original motion of the gentleman
from Missouri the same question arose as to
the patronage of the Administration. With
such patronage, whether it be in the hands of
the Executive, or directly in the hands of the
people's representatives in Congress, "I wish
to have nothing to do.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. ' I must insist that this debate is entirely
out of order.- My amendment has no political
bearing whatever.
Mr. CHANLER. I am not speaking on any
political question.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Chanler] will confine him-
self to the amendment, which is to strike out
the word "dollars."
Mr. CHANLER. I call for the reading
of the whole paragraph as proposed to be
amended.
The paragraph was read.
Mr. CHANLER. I modify my amendment,
and move to amend by striking out all after
the word "employ."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentlemen will
proceed in order.
Mr. CHANLER. Now, sir, the question is
as to the employment of persons by this Gov-
ernment in certain Executive Departments;
and I shall proceed to debate that question as
I was proceeding to debate it when thus dis-
courteously interrupted by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Faknsworth] who presented the
amendment. I was proceeding to debate it in
good faith, as I suppose he offered it in good
faith. But the part of the political bully,
played by the other side of the House, is per-
formed with especial grace by the individual
who has assumed to cut off debate upon his
own proposition.
Now, sir, I wish to set myself right upon the
record here with regard to this question of
executive patronage, whether in the Treasury
Department or any other Department. I am
no advocate of the President, and T cannot
take the position assumed by my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Le Blond.] I am, sir, for the
limitation of executive power. I am for the
limitation of the administration of patronage
by every department of this Government, and
for the distribution of it through and among
the representatives of the people. This is the
only wholesome basis on which the Democratic
party can exist.
I thank the gentlemen from Illinois for
bringing this question before the House. We
on this side of the House cannot support the
policy of Abraham Lincoln, even though it be
under the protection of Andrew Johnson.
What was done under the plea of a "military
necessity" shall not, with my sanction, be done
when that plea is abandoned by those who
originated it. When gentlemen on the other
side have abandoned their own official, elected
by themselves, for the distribution of patron-
age, I for one will not take him up.
I have had nothing to do with the distribu-
tion of patronage in the Treasury Department.
As a Representative elected by Democratic
votes I do not wish to participate in that pa-
tronage. It never has been at my command,
and until I join with the Administration I will
not condescend to ask any share of it. I wish
the line to be drawn between Democrats of the
Democratic party and Democrats of the Con-
servative Republican party who desire to live
upon the pap and patronage of the Adminis-
tration. I wish to be understood, sir, as be-
longing to the youno; Democracy of this conti-
nent, and not to the Democracy of the Treasury
Department or anj other Department. I wish
to be understood as being a radical of radicals
in the Democratic faith. I am not one of those
who are willing to make discriminations against
their own race and to exclude white men in
order to let in black women to work in the
Treasury Department. I cannot follow' the
gentleman from Illinois in all the ramifications
of Ms philanthropy and his love for the female
sex—— - - .
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, F rise:tb
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, as I understand it. I merely want
the Refuse to know the condition of this whole
prevision.
Last year Congress granted'an appropria-
tion of- $160,000 to be distributed at' the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury among
the clerks and officers of the Department. That
provision was not acceptable to the House, but
was assented to in the committee of conference
and agreed to by the House in order that the
bill might pass. I then made up my mind that
I should vote for no more such appropriations
with so large discretion allowed in the expend-
iture. The Secretary of the Treasury distrib-
uted that money in a manner which some gen-
tlemen may consider right, but which I deem
a great abuse of it. Instead of making aHow-
ances to those who had salaries of $1,200 and
$1,400_, he paid the auditors $1,000 additional;
the chief clerks §800, and so on. All those
who did not need any extra allowance received
it; and the Secretary's only justification, as far
as I know, is to be found in the Bible, where
it speaks of taking from those that have not
and giving to those that have. [Laughter.]
I will refer to the estimates. It asked for
an appropriation for temporary clerks ip the
Treasury Department, provided that' the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and is hereby, au-
thorized in his discretion to classify tbe clerks
authorized according to the character of their
services; and pi-ovided further, that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may award such addi-
tional compensation to the officers and clerks
as in his judgment may be deemed just and
may be required by the public service. That
continued the discretion. The Depaihnent
asked $250,000. The committee struck oift
all discretionary powerjmd left the Secretary
of the Treasury $50,000 for temporary clerks,
thinking there may be a time when rcsular
clerks may not be needed and temporary clerks
might be" employed to the extent of §50,000.
We struck out all discretionary power on the
ground that this discretion was exercised with-
out discretion and with gross partiality for the
last two years. It was disagreed to by the
House at the last session, but was adopted in
the report of the committee of conference. I
do not care whether the $50,000 is voted or
not. ■ The committee reduced it from $250,000
to $50,000, and I do not care whether it is all
stricken out.
Mr. CHANLER. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question then recurred on Mr. Fabns-
tvorth's amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to return to the following para-
graph :
For rent, dies, paper, and so forth, for stamps and
incidental expenses, including tbe cost of subscrip-
tions, and so forth, of such numbers of copies of the
internal revenue records and customs journals as
the Secretary of the Treasury may deem necessary
to supply tho revenue offices, 8250,1)00,
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
words "aud so forth'' iu lines three hundred
and forty-eight and three hundred and fifty,
and also in lines three hundred and fifty and
three hundred and fifty-one to strike out "In-
ternal Revenue records and customs journals,''
and to insert in lieu thereof, " Internal Reve-
nue Record and Custom Journal,it being a
newspaper published iu New York.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows;
For compensation of additional clcrks in tho Gene-
ral Land Office, under the act of 3d March, 1S55.
granting bounty land, and tor laborers employed
therein, $5S,640: Provided, That tho Secretary of tho
Interior, at his discretion, shall bo, and ho is hereby,
authoiized to use any portion of said appropriation
for piece-work, or by tho day, wwk,month, or year,
at such rate or rates as ho liuiy deem just and iair  not
cxeecdin^ a salary of $1,200 per annum.
