972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The poinj; of order comes
too late.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I demand
the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
81, noes 12; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. No quorum voting, the
Chair will appoint tellers.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask what objection is
there to letting the gentleman from Wisconsin
say a few words?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I have no
objection to hearing him for an hour if we had
that much of the morning hour remaining, but
we have only twelve minutes left, as I under-
stand. I withdraw the call for the previous
question, and yield to him for five minutes.
Mr. COBB. This, sir, is a proposition to
recognize the services of a foot soldier as an
officer. It is entirely new legislation, and ought
not to be enacted without full consideration.
Now, shall we launch out upon this entirely
new and untraveled ground ? Bills heretofore
introduced to pay soldiers as officers, who for
one cause or another failed to receive their
commissions and be mustered in, have uni-
formly been rejected. I have no doubt this is
a worthy soldier, and that he ought to have
been promoted. I know many bad soldiers
•who were promoted when good ones were
neglected.
This man, it appears, was captured^ by the
enemy. The Governor of his State issued a
commission, which he did not receive in con-
sequence of his captivity, and, as I understand,
another was commissioned and served in his
place, and received pay as such. If we are to
commence with this case and to look over the
vast army we had in the field to find all of the
men who served worthily and who, before
being discharged, had the misfortune to be
cheated out of their promotion and the conse-
quent emoluments, then we will start in an
undertaking that will have no end. The ex-
fense to the Treasury no man can conjecture.
only ask the House to pause before launch-
ing out into this wide sea of claims.
If I have any time left I yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has two
minutes.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. The rule
which prevails at the War Department is to
refuse to muster and pay any officer who has
not performed at least some duty under his
commission. I had a similar case myself
which was rejected by the War Department.
We have passed a law if the man returned
from captivity and served one day his pay shall
go back and commence with the date of his
commission. I hope this bill will pass. This
man served well and was only prevented by
captivity with the enemy from being mustered
in under his commission; and I do not think
because of that fact he should be denied his
rights.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin misunderstands this
case. This man did serve; he was in the battle
of Gettysburg, and while wounded was taken
prisoner and held as such by the enemy for a
long time. His commission was issued, but he
failed to get it on account of his imprisonment.
Mr. McItEE. I will state another fact that,
notwithstanding the statement of the gentle-
man from. Wisconsin, no other person was ap-
pointed in this man's place or received pay
for it.
Mr. COBB. _ If the gentleman is correct
then the report is wrong.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, called for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was disagreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. McKEE, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back adversely the petition of Mary
Riggles and the memorial of Chaplain Gon-
zales ; and the same were laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, made adverse reports
in the following cases ; which were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed:
House bill No. 198, for the relief of Alex-
ander W. McConnell, together with the peti-
tion accompanying the same, praying compen-
sation for property and stores taken by United
States troops at Savannah, Georgia; and
The petition of James Todd, administrator
of Samuel P. Todd, deceased, late purser in
the United States Navy, praying reimburse-
ment for losses sustained by him on clothing.
almanson eaton.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported a joint resolu-
tion for the relief of Almanson Eaton, receiver
of public money for the land office at Stevens
Point, Wisconsin; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill authorizes the proper accounting
officer in settling the account of the petitioner,
upon satisfactory evidence being made and
filed, to credit to him the sum of $2,092 72 of
the public money lost and destroyed by fire
from the burning of the offices, books, papers,
and the public money of the register and re-
ceiver at Stevens Point on the night of Decem-
ber 29, 1865.
Mr. ROSS called for the reading of the
report.
The report was read, and at the conclusion
of the reading the morning hour expired, and
the bill went over until Friday next.
petroleum company OF washington.
Mr. HENDERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to incorporate the Petroleum
Company of Washington city; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
civil service.
The SPEAKER announced as the next busi-
ness in order the consideration of bill of the
House No. 889, to regulate the civil service
of the United States and promote the efficiency
thereof, on which Mr. Hale was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HALE. As I understand there are
other matters of business that will come up
to-day whioh render it desirable that this bill
should give way to them, and as I have to
leave to-day, I will yield the floor to my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Delano,] who wishes to proceed with
the Private Calendar.
order OF business.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, there are
one or two very meritorious claims on the Pri-
vate Calendar. This, I understand, is objec-
tion day, and probably the last objection day
that will occur during the session. I am au-
thorized by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Ancona,] who cxpects soon to announce
the death of his colleague, to state that before
he takes the floor we may have half an hoiy
for the consideration of the Private Calendar.
For that purpose I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. It will be understood, if
there is no objection, that at half past two
o'cloek to-day business will be suspended, and
the floor will be assigned to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ancona] to announce
the death of his colleague, Mr. Johnson.
There was no objection.
private calendar.
The House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole House, (Mr. Boutwell in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
bills and joint resolutions on the Private Cal-
endar as on "objection day;" which were
disposed of as follows:
Those bills on the Private Calendar which
had been heretofore called to which less than
five members objected were laid aside; and
those called for the first time to which no
objection was made were likewise laid aside
to be reported to the House.
john r. beckley.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 174) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to audit
and pay the claim of John R. Beckley.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
sufferers by portland eire.
An act (S. No. 425) for the relief of the
sufferers by the late fire in Portland.
Mr. DELANO. I suppose it is hardly de-
sirable to take this up to-day.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will be con-
sidered as objected to.
john t. jones.
A bill (S. No. 122) for the relief of John
T. Jones, an Ottawa Indian, for depredations
committed by white persons upon his property
in Kansas Territory.
Mr. DELAN0. I know nothing of this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be considered
as objected to.
donahue, ryan, and sj5cor.
A joint resolution (S. R. No.141) fortherelief
of Donahue, Ryan & Secor, builders of the iron-
clad monitor Camanche. [Objected to.]
bolmer and weber.
A bill (H. R. No. 821) for the relief of
Bolmer & Weber, of St. Louis, Missouri.
[Objected to.]
goldsmith brothers.
An act (S. No. 192) for the relief of Gold-
smith Brothers, of the city of San Francisco,
California, and Portland, Oregon, brokers.
[Objected to.]
e. j. curley.
A bill (S. No. 443) for the relief of E. J.
Curley.
Less than five objections being made, the bill
was laid aside to be reported to the House.
The Clerk, having concluded the reading of
the bills subject to five objections, then pro-
ceeded to read those subject to one objection.
mrs. emma a. porch.
A bill (H. R. No. 1094) for the relief of
Mrs. Emma A. Porch. [Objected to.]
george henry preble.
A bill (S. No. 176) for the relief of George
Henry Preble, a commander in the Navy of
the United States. [Objected to.]
There being no further bills upon the Cal-
endar subject to one objection, the Clerk pro-
ceeded to read the bills remaining on it subject
to five objections.
mrs. emma a. porch.
A bill (H. R. No. 1094) for the relief of
Mrs. Emma A. Porch.
Less than five members objecting, the bill
was laid aside, to be reported to the House with
the recommendation that it do pass.
george henry preble.
A bill (S. No. 176) for the relief of George
Henry Preble, a commander in the Navy of
the United States. [Objected to.]
Mr. DELANO. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
