1650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
I understand, upon nothing else than that. The
resolution referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs was somewhat peculiar. It simply re-
ferred to that committee to inquire and report
who constituted the Miamis of Indiana. Under
the peculiar wording of the resolution the com-
mittee felt themselves at liberty to dismiss the
subject by giving the opinion of the Attorney
General on that point. He says who constitute
that tribe, and we report his opinion as that of
the highest law officer of the Government.
He says also in that opinion that complaint
made to the politic? 1 powers of the Govern-
ment and not the Executive may change the
question. Complaint is now made to the polit-
ical power of the Government.
I wish to add one word further. The law
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to
add to the list of three hundred and two names
of the Miamis of Indiana is a clear violation
of the treaty. I do not believe a fair con-
struction of the act of 1858 permits such a
thing.
Mr. HILL. The practice has been to in-
clude them under that construction given to
the law by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM. The act of 1854 directs
him to enroll no such persons npon the list of
said tribe. I understand there is a distinction
between the tribe of Miamis of Indiana and
the Miamis themselves. The Miamis emi-
grated west of the Mississippi river. The
three hundred and two who remained are not
a tribe, but are dealt with as individuals. I do
not believe the Secretary of the Interior has
the right under that treaty to say any one shall
receive payment except these three hundred
and two. I hope the amendment will pass.
Mr. HILL. I wish to say in regard to the
letter of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
that I am at a loss to understand why he should,
without referring to a single fact, without giv-
ing us the benefit of a single idea on this sub-
ject, assume to control the legislation of Con-
gress by interposing his letter as to liow this
matter ought to be regulated. If the secrets
of that office could be drawn out we might
know why this interference has been made.
Mr. DEFREES. Mr. Speaker, this is a
question which seems to have been before the
House on several occasions previous to this
time. It appears in 1854, after the Miami
tribe of Indians had migrated to the West,
some individuals claiming to be a portion of
the Miami tribe formed a treaty with the Uni-
ted States, in which they have excluded from
the benefit of the payment every one not
specified in a certain list indicated. More-
over, that treaty made provision in the settle-
ment of the names of these pretending to be
Miamis the list should be revised in connec-
tion with the Secretary of the Interior.
It seems the treaty made by these three hun-
dred and two individuals did great injustice to
a portion of the Miami tribe. It did not include
all those who claimed to be Miamis.
Those who were excluded came to Congress,
and the matter was investigated before the
proper committee, and finally a law was passed
by which the Secretary of the Interior was
authorized and directed to revise this list and
place upon it such as may prove themselves
distinctly to belong to that tribe. In 1802
others claiming to be Miamis presented their
claims ; after an investigation Congress came
to the conclusion these persons were wrong-
fully excluded and provision was made by
which they should be included. Ever since
the passage of that law these Indians have
been paid their portion.
It seems strange at this late hour, after the
Indian appropriation bill had passed this House
and gone to the other, this question should be
raised. This matter being of a judicial char-
acter I think before we act it ought to be in-
vestigated by the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HILL. Is it not true that the terms of
the treaty provide only for certain persons'?
Mr. DEFREES. It has been generally
claimed Congress had the right to revise these
treaties.
Mr. HILL. Can Congress nullify and abro-
gate a treaty?
Mr. DEFREES. I say that Congress has
generally assumed to interpret these Indian
treaties.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish to say there is a
similar instance in Iowa of the exclusion of
Indians as peaceable and respectable as any
in the country. I believe in a liberal interpre-
tation, and in doing justice to these men who
have not been parties to fraudulent treaties.
Mr. HILL. If the gentleman will permit
me I will call his attention to the fact sug-
gested by the gentleman from Minnesota, that
the act of Congress under which these Indians
have been drawing annuities only provided
that other parties might be enrolled with the
tribe, and that not a single name be added to
the list in Indiana.
Mr. DEFREES. I only say this, that I do
not think that certain individuals have any
right to get together and claim to be the tribe
because the principle tribe is west of the Mis-
sissippi. But there are persons who are left
east of the Mississippi who are claiming to be
the tribe, and consequently they come in and
cut off all others who can show themselves and
have shown themselves to belong to that tribe.
Why, sir, there is evidence sufficient to show
to this House conclusively, if the opportunity
was given, that these men who are claiming to
have been reinstated by the act of 1858 and
1862 belong to the Miami tribe of Indians.
Mr. HILL. 1 beg pardon for interrupting
the gentleman once more. I ask if that does
not appeal to the treaty-making power to cor-
rect the treaty and define who the tribe are ?
Mr. DEFREES. I think not. Now, I think
great injustice would be done to these Indians
at this time by cutting off the annuity. They
are a class of people living in my district. Some
of them are worthy men, and some few widows
with families are dependent upon this annuity
as a matter of support. I hope the House will
not pass the amendment.
Mr. KASSON. The only point which I
have heard made in addition to those already
spoken of, is the assertion that these desti-
tute Indians, as they are called, were not par-
ties to the treaty. I wish to correct that im-
pression. The treaty was made with the Mi-
amis generally. A portion of the tribe deciding
to remain in Indiana while the rest of the tribe
went West, agreed to receive a certain portion
of the annuities; and those going West agreed
to give a certain portion to those remaining.
Consequently they became divided. The whole
tribe of Miamis agreed to it as represented in
council.
Now, in the making of a treaty it is no
objection to it to say that certain individuals
did not agree to it. There are certain indi-
viduals in the United States who never agreed
to a treaty made with France, but they are
nevertheless bound by it as American citizens.
So these Indians were bound by it as parties
to the treaty. There was but one tribe to
make the treaty; that tribe made it, and we
are bound by it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask
whether there is evidence showing that per-
sons have been added who are not really per-
sons belonging to the Miami tribe ?
Mr. KASSON. It is impossible for us to
pass upon a question of fact of that kind. The
charges are made that many of them have not
enough Indian blood in them to show the color.
Mr. HILL. In 1858 and 1859 this matter was
thoroughly investigated in this House, and
there is nearly a page in the Congressional
Globe of reliable testimony showing that these
parties are not Miamis.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is my under-
standing. In the investigation that was made,
the conclusion was arrived at that these per-
sons were not of Miami blood, and therefore
were not to be entitled to be put upon this list.
Mr. HILL. That conclusion was arrived at.
Mr. KASSON. I wish say, as was very
properly suggested by the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, that if they do
belong to that tribe, they belong to the tribe
that emigrated, and must come on to the main
tribe for their annuities; because those who did
not emigrate are expressly provided for by this
bill, and they cannot detach themselves from
the main tribe, even if they belong to it, and
attach themselves to the minority, thus getting
the benefit of the annuity going to the mi-
nority.
Mr. DEFREES. I would inquire if the
descendants of Godfrey who remained east of
the Mississippi are not provided for in the
treaty?
Mr. KASSON. If Godfrey's name is on the
list of three hundred and two then his descend-
ants are provided for; if it is not on the cor-
rected list they cannot be provided for under
the treaty unless they have been added by the
Miamis in council. Now, this treaty provides
that the money shall go, and the amendment I
propose says it shall go according to the treaty;
and no one can conscientiously vote against it
who is not willing that the money shall be
otherwise appropriated than the terms of the
treaty prescribe.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DEFREES. I move to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
The SPEAKER. That will carry the bill
with it.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
to the amendment of the Senate, and it was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the va-
rious votes taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I now move a committee
of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs.
Kassox, Wisdom, and Niblack were appointed
conferees on the part of the House.
SUPREME COURT.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate bill No. 504, to provide for the allotment
of the members of the Supreme Court among
the circuits, and for the appointment of mar-
shals for the Supreme Court and for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. BOYER. I object.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to say to
the gentleman that it is necessary to have this
allotment made. The court will adjourn to-
day or to-morrow, and it is necessary to have
this passed now.
Mr. BOYER. I withdraw my objection.
The bill was accordingly taken up, and read
a first and second time. It is as follows :
Beit enacted, d-e„ That the Chief Justice of the
United States and the associate justices of the Su-
preme Court shall be allotted among the circuits now
existing by order of the court; and whenever a new
allotment, shall be reauired or found expedient by
reason of alteration of one or more circuits, or of
the new appointment of a Chief Justice or associate
justice, or otherwise, it shall be the duty of the court
to make the same; and if a new allotment shall
become necessary at any other time than during the
term, such allotment shall be made by the Chief
Justice, and shall be binding until the next term,
and until a new allotment by tho court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Supreme
Court may appoint a marshal for said court, whose
compensation shall be $3,500 per annum ; and said
marshal shall take charge of all property of the
United States used by said court or its members, and
shall serve and execute all process and orders issuing
out of said court, or made by the Chief Justice or an
associate justice, in pursuance of law; and shall pay
into the Treasury of the United States all fees and
compensation allowed by law, and render a true
account thereof, at the close of each term, to the
Secretary of the Interior; and the said marshal,
with the approval of the Chief Justice, may appoint
assistants and messengers in place of the crier and
messengers now employed, with such compensation
as is or may be allowed to officers of the House of
Representatives of similar grade; and all acts and
part? of acts now in force relating to the marshal of
the District of Columbia shall apply to the said mar-
shal of the Supreme Court, except so far as in this
act otherwise provided.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move on behalf
