210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
enrolled bill signed.
Mr, COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 62)
to amend an act entitled "An act granting
lands to the State of Oregon to aid in the con-
struction of a military road from Eugene City
to the eastern boundary of said Statewhen
the Speaker signed the same.
library of congress.
Mr. HAYES, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing under the law:
Reboked, That the uf-ual number of copies of the
report of the Librarian .of Congress for the present
session be printed for the use of the House.
united states troops in mexico.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the House, if in his opinion not incon-
sistent with the public interest, any further inform-
ation in regard to the occupation of the Mexican
Territory by the troops of the United States which
he may have received since he sent to this House his
message of the 8th instant.
i/bavb of absence.
On motion of Mr. Bice, of Massachusetts,
leave of absence was granted to his colleague,
Mr: Hooper, who had been called home on
account of death in his family,
And then, on motion of Mr. FINCK, (at ten
minutes before four o'clock p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. HATES: The petition of Ernst F. Klein-
sehmidt, of Hamilton county, Ohio, for the return of
$12 50 paid to the collector of the- second district of
Ohio at a tax sale made without authority of law.
By Mr. STOKES: A petition from a portion of the
loyal colored men of Tennessee, asking for justice
and equal rights.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 20, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. A. Wright, of Fort Lara-
mie, Dakota Territory.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday. After the reading had con-
tinued for ten minutes,
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The most of it is taken up with the record of
the yeas and nays on motions to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate to dis-
pense with the reading of the Journal. Is
there any objection ? No objection being made,
the further reading of the Journal will be dis-
pensed with.
personal explanations.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I desire
with the indulgence of the Senate to say a
word or two in reference to a report that I
made last Tuesday morning by the direction
of the Committee on Finance, which has been
greatly misrepresented and misunderstood.
During the last session of the Senate the
ladies of the Treasury Department presented
a petition to the Senate asking to have their
compensation increased. That petition was
referred to the Committee on Finance, and in
accordance with their request a law was passed
increasing their pay, which law I earnestly
supported in the committee and in the Senate,
When the committee resumed its business at
this session that petition was found upon the
files, and I was instructed to report it baek and
ask that the committee be discharged from any
further consideration of it, because the subject
ha"d been disposed of at the last session. That
petition related in no way to any application
made at this session for an increase of salary
or to any compensation to the men employed
in the Departments.
Since that time several clerks have called
upon me for information as to the nature and
effect of that report, which I have given, I
suppose, to their satisfaction. Others have
written letters to me representing the difficul-
ties under which they labor on account of the
lowness of their salaries; and some have writ-
ten scurrilous and abusive letters to me upon
the assumption that, because I made that report,
I was opposed to any increase of their salaries.
I have, sir, upon all suitable occasions ex-
pressed the opinion that the compensation jjaid
to the officials of the Government in Washing-
ton was too low, although I have not favored
adding a certain per cent, to all the salaries
without respect to the merits, abilities, and
responsibilities of those connected with the
Departments.
My opinion upon that subject has not been
changed; and I do not intend to allow my
action to be influenced by the fact that some
of these clerks who are now so clamorous for
an increase of their salaries, at the last ses-
sion formed what were called '' departmental
clubs'' to denounce and vilify Congress, with
the view I suppose of ingratiating themselves
with the appointing power, and eating with
safety the crumbs that fell from their masters
table. Nor do I intend to allow my action to
be influenced, to the prejudice of the good and
deserving men in these Departments, by the
course pursued by some who have few qualifi-
cations for office, and less of the character-
istics of gentlemen. But I think it is proper
to say, for the information of all concerned,
that those persons asking for that legislation
will not promote the end they have in view by
addressing anonymous letters, fall of scurrility
and abuse, to the members of the Senate and
the House who are performing what they con-
ceive to be their duty in respect to this matter.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not see how any
action of Congress can be had on the sending
of an anonymous letter to members of Con-
gress, or to the President of the United States,
orto the judges of the Supreme Court of the
United States. Those things are very common,
I am sorry to say. It is an outrage, but per-
haps one which Congress is incompetent to
correct. I cannot imagine by what legislation
they can provide practically against it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have asked for no legis-
lation. --
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, inrelationto another
thing: the attack upon Congress by the press
is not to be defended ; nor is such an attack
if made by any individual, private or official.
It may be in harsh terms assailing the motives
of members of Congress. It is equally inde-
fensible for any one holding a public capacity
to assail the integrity of the Supreme Court
of the United States. The Senate will under-
stand I suppose to what I allude. There
appeared yesterday in a paper, which is semi-
official as far as the party in power is con-
cerned, an attack upon that high tribunal
founded upon false assertions of fact, and
couched in terms which if the facts had been
true should never have been used toward
such a tribunal or toward any department
of the Government. They gave an opinion a
few days since in which the court were unani-
mous, that under the law as it stands military
commissions could not legally be constituted,
and that everything that such commissions
may have done in the trial of individual citi-
zens not constituting a part of the Army or
Navy of the United States, or the militia in the
service of the United States, was entirely void
and inoperative. The majority of the court
thought that it was not in the power of the
United States or of Congress, by law to author-
ize the trial of citizens by a tribunal of that
description ; the minority thought otherwise ;
but they all concurred in holding that the law
which was passed upon the subject did not
authorize the President to constitute such tri-
bunals for the trial of individual citizens; and
because that opinion was announced—the opin-
ion of the majority was given by a man whose
character, public and private, stands beyond
possible reproach, placed upon that high tri-
bunal by the late lamented President, loyal
throughout the civil contest in which we have
been engaged—the editor to whom I allude
thought proper to say that treason had found a,
refuge in the bosom of the Supreme Court of
the Cnited States. I am sure no Senator on this
floor will justify such an attack ; but what are
we to do ? It is owing to the license which the
press may -take under the protection of the
Constitution of the U nited States, which pro-
claims freedom of the press as one of the
rights of the citizen. The only remedy is for
the individual who may be assailed to institute
suits against the assailant; but such remedy
as that will never be resorted to, it is to be
hoped, by the judges of that high tribunal.
They will stand upon the character which long
lives of honor and integrity have earned for
them, while the assailant will reap all the
reward to which he may be entitled by sucli
an assault.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
clerks of inspectors of provisions and clothing
at navy;yards, praying for an increase of
compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I present the petition
of William T. Connell, John Keplinger, and
Isaac Conrad, three West Virginia soldiers who
enlisted in August, 1861, but within a month
prior to their being mustered in were taken
prisoners, and were held as prisoners until
January, 1863. They say that the accounting
officers decide that they cannot get their pay
for the time they were prisoners without the
action of Congress, and they therefore petition
Congress for pay as privates from August 17,
1861, to January 9,1863. I move its reference
to the Committee on Military Affairs 3nd the
Militia.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. WADE. I present a memorial and
resolutions, adopted by the Southern Repub-
lican Associations, at a meeting held at their
rooms, No. 226 F street, Washington, District
of Columbia, on the 8th of December, setting
forth their views of what ought to be done at}d
on what principle the State of Texas and the
other rebel States ought to be reconstructed.
The resolutions are long and voluminous, and
I shall not undertake to read them through,
nor even to state all the principles which tliey
deem important. I move that the memorial
and resolutions be referred to the committee
on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CATTELL presented the petition of
carpet manufacturers of the city of Phila-
delphia, praying for the repeal of the five per
cent, internal revenue tax on manufactures ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
admissions to the floor.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following order,
which, under the rule, will lie over until the
next meeting of the Senate:
Ordered, That the forty-eighth standing rule of the
Senate be, and the same is hereby, repealed and
abolished.
Mr. SUMNER. What is that rule?
Mr. GRIMES. It is the rule which excludes
all persons from the floor of the Senate-except
persons therein named. Until within^ & few
years it has been regarded as unsenatorial and
improper for members of this body to violate
that rule ; but it has been relaxed to a very
great extent, and every day some gentlemen
see fit to introduce their friends upon the floor ;
others choose to abide by the rule. The result
is, that when their friends, who think that they
possibly ought to be admitted on the floor as
well as other people, go into ihe gallery and see
persons who are not authorized on the floor,
an explanation is required which is exceed-
ingly undesirable for any one to (rive. If we
are going to have the rule relaxed in regard to
one person, or the friends of one person. I want
it relaxed as to all. 1 shall therefore call tip
this order at the next meeting of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope this matter will pass
