1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1651
of the committee to amend by adding the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the supreme
court of the District of Columbiais hereby authorized
to appoint a marshal of the United States, for the
District of Columbia, whoso powers and duties shall
be the same as the powers and duties of the marshal
of the United States for the District of Columbia
under existing laws; and the said marshal so ap-
pointed shall receive the same compensation for his
services as the marshal now receives for like ser-
vices; and from and after such appointmenttheoffice
of the said marshal now held under appointment by
the President shall cease and determine; and the
office of warden of the jail in said district is hereby
abolished, and the duties of sueh office shall be im-
posed upon the marshal of said district.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I call the previous
question on the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to;
fi,nd the bill, as amended, was ordered to be
read a third time, and it was accordingly read
the third time.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
title of the bill was amended by adding thereto
the words " and for other purposes."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DELILAH HILL.
Mr. HOTCHKISS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Delilah Hill;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
personal explanation.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask for about two
minutes to make a personal explanation. I
will promise not to take over two or three
minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. LE BLOND. I find in the Washington
Chronicle of this morning the following tele-
gram :
" Columbus, February 26.
"In the House to-day Boyn ton's resolution to strike
out the word " white" from the constitution was lost,
after a lengthy debate, by a vote of 26yeas to 50 nays."
I also find that the State of New York has
also rejected the constitutional amendment by
a vote of 33 to 40.
All I wish to say in way of personal expla-
nation is that I congratulate my colleagues on
this side of the House that they have been sus-
tained by the two great States of Ohio and New
York in their opposition to universal suffrage.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I rise to a ques-
tion of order: the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Le Blond] was granted leave to make a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. LE BLOND. I have done.
The SPEAKER. As the point of order has
been raised, although the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Le Blond] has taken his seat, the Chair
will rule upon the point of order. When the
House grants unanimous consent to any mem-
ber to make a personal explanation, the rulings
of all Speakers, whose decisions the Chair has
examined, is that the Chair cannot interrupt
the member while he keeps within parliament-
ary rules and practices.
Mr. GARFIELD subsequently said : As my
colleague [Mr. Le Blond] has been allowed
an opportunity to make a personal explana-
tion, in which he has shown what is being
done in reference to striking out the word
"white" from the constitution of Ohio, I de-
sire to have read a paper which I send to the
Clerk's desk, which will show what is being
done in another State.
No objection was made.
The Clerk read as follows:
'' Proclamation.—Whereas the laws of the State of
Mississippi require that every freedman, free negro,
and mulatto shall have a lawful home, and shall
have written evidence thereof, by obtaining a licenso
from the mayor, if living in any incorporated city,
town, or village, and a contract in writing with some
responsible person for a year; and whereas said laws
prohibit freedmen, freo negroes, and mulattoes from
renting or leasing lands or tenements except in towns
or cities, and then under the control of said corpora-
tions; and whereas tho corporate authorities of Ya-
zoo city have passed no ordinance regulating said
renting nr leasing, but have left the same subject to
State law: now,therefore, all freedmen, free negroes,
and mulattoes remaining in Yazoo city longer than
the 7th of January, 1807, instant, unless under con-
tract for the year.with some reliable and responsible
person, will be considered and treated as vagrants,
except mechanics, artisans, and artificers and wagon-
ers and draymen, who have teams of their own and
who give them their personal attention.
"j). JONES, Mayor of Yazoo City.
" Yazoo City, January 2,1867."
Mr. GARFIELD. I have asked that this
paper be read, in order that my colleague may
derive additional comfort from what is being
done elsewhere.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS, from the committee of con-
ference on the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial appropriation bill, submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to tho
bill (II. K. No. 896) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the ]
Government for the year ending June 30,1868, hav-
ing met, after full and free conference, have been
unable to agree upon a report.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
ROSCOE CONKLING,
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
Managers on the part of the House.
WILLIAM P. FESSENDEN,
GEORGE 11. WILLIAMS.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was received, and the committee
accordingly discharged.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House
ask the appointment of another committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as the conferees
on the part of the House, Mr. Farnsworth,
Mr. Woodbridge, and Mr. Eldridge.
john h. osler.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on Military
Affairs a bill of the House No. 1225, for the
relief of Lieutenant John H. Osier, of Guern-
sey county, Ohio, with a recommendation that
the same do pass.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It provides that
there be paid to John H. Osier, late first lieu-
tenant of the twenty-sixth regiment Ohio vol-
unteer infantry, the pay of a first lieutenant of
infantry from the 9th of December, 1864, to
the 27th of March, 1865, together with the
three months' pay; and also the pay of a first
lieutenant of infantry from the 31st of July to
the 4th of October, 1805.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
polygamy in the territories.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, made a
report from the Committee on the Judiciary,
to whom had been referred a memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah,
praying for the repeal of an act to prevent and
punish polygamy, accompanied by the follow-
ing resolution :
Resolved, That it is the sense of this House that the
law of the United States entitled "An act to prevent
and punish polygamy in the United States" ought
not to be repealed, but that it should be fully en-
forced: and that if the judges of the courts refuse or
neglect to enforce same, as alleged in the memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah,
they should be removed from office; and that if for
reasons beyond the control of said judges said law is
not enforced in any Territory it becomes the duty of
the President of the United States to take care that
it be faithfully executed.
Mr. COOK. I ask that the report be printed,
and that the House proceed at this time to
consider the resolution accompanying the re-
port.
Mr. ROSS. I object to that. I think that
the question of the tariff is of more importance
now than the question of polygamy in the Ter-
ritories.
Mr. COOK. I move that the report be
printed, and that the resolution be recommit-
ted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote just
taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
insisted on its amendments disagreed to by the
House to the bill (H. R. No. 896) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1868, asked a further
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and had appointed as conferees on the
part of the Senate, Messrs. Sherman, Poland,
and Buckalew.
legislation for california.
Mr. BIDWELL. I ask unanimous consent
to make a brief statement.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. BIDWELL. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
make a statement in the interest of those whom
I in part represent. I have attended early and
late upon the Committee on Public Lands, who
have charge of bills in which the State of Cali-
fornia has a great interest, and the committee
have been unable to report. I now rise for
the purpose of making an appeal to the House
to give that committee this evening or so soon
as the tariff bill may have been disposed of one
hourin which to make reports. Whatever action
this House may take with reference to these
bills which the Committee on Public Lands may
report must of course to be effectual receive
the concurrence of the Senate j and unless
action be taken here very soon it will be im-
possible to obtain action in the Senate during
this Congress. The State of California will
not be represented at the opening of the For-
tieth Congress. The elections in our State
will not be held until next September, and it
will be impossible for members from that State
to present themselves here before next Decem-
ber. I ask that the Committee on Public
Lands be allowed one hour in which to present
reports.
The SPEAKER. At what time ?
Mr. BIDWELL. This evening, or as soon
as the tariff bill may be disposed of. I leave
it to the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to the
committee having this opportunity after the
appropriation bills are passed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that will
be at a late period of the session.
Mr. WARD, of New York. I will not object
after the tariff bill is passed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Do I understand the
gentleman from California to be making some
proposition about the disposition of the tariff
bill ? If so I only desire to say that if he wishes
to lay the bill on the table we shall be very glad
to have it there.
Mr. BIDWELL. My object is not to defeat
any bill which may concern the public interests.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
California will propose any specific time, the
Chair will put the question to the House.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to inquire whether
the bill to which the gentleman from California
particularly refers does not relate exclusively
to granting lands in California for railroad pur-
poses? I do not think the lands there will
spoil before another session of Congress.
Mr. BIDWELL. I will ask the House to
assign to-morrow evening at seven o'clock for
the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. BROOMALL. I shall object unless the
tariff bill be disposed of at that time.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. BIDWELL. I more to suspend the
rules to assign one hour, commencing at half
