976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 4,
if in his judgment not incompatible with the public
interest, to communicate to the Senate the order of
General Burnsido organizing a commission for the
adjudication of claims for property taken from the
loyal people of East Tennessee for the use of the
Army; also the order of General Schofield organizing
a commission for the same purpose, together with the
names of the claimants and the several amounts of
the claims so adjudicated by the commissions organ-
ized by General Burnside and General Schofield.
SAND CREEK MASSACItE.
Mr. POMEItOY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by Unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to furnish the Senate a copy of the evidence taken at
Denver and Fort Lyon, Colorado Territory, by a mil-
itary commission, of which Colonel S. F. Tappan,
Veteran battalion first Colorado cavalry, was presi-
dent, ordered to inquire into and report all the facts
connected with the so-called Sand Creek massacre in
1864.
CHANGE OF REFERENCES.
On motion of Mr. FOWLER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill (S.
No. 667) for the relief of James Fulton, paymaster
United States Navy, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
PAYMENT OF KENTUCKY MILITIA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take this opportunity to lay before the
Senatethejointresolution(S. R.No. ^provid-
ing for the payment of certain Kentucky, mil-
tia forces, which has been returned from the
House of Representatives with an amendment.
Mr. WILSON. That resolution comes back
from the House of Representatives with a slight
amendment intended to guard it more care-
fully, I understand. I hope the Senate will
concur in the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear it read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add at the end of the resolution the
following:
And no allowance shall be made for any troops
which did not perform actual military service in full
connection and cooperation with the authorities of
the United States and subjoct to their orders.
The amendment was concurred in.
COMPENSATION OP TENNESSEE SENATORS.
Mr. HARRIS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
a communication from the Secretary of the
Senate in relation to the compensation of the
Senators from the State of Tennessee, to re-
port the following resolution on the subject:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Senate be di-
rected to pay to the Senators from the State of Ten-
nessee the compensation allowed by law, to bo com-
puted from the commencement of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress.
I should like to have the resolution acted
upon now.
There being no objection, the resolution was
read twice, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mg TRUMBULL. I merely wish to say in
regard to that resolution that in my judgment,
according to the practice of the Senate, the
Senators from Tennessee were entitled to com-
pensation from the time the State of Tennessee
was recognized by act of Congress to be enti-
tled to representation, and not before. The
majority of the committee thought differently
and propose to pay them from the commence-
ment of the Congress. It is a matter that I
shall take up no time about, but it seems to
me if that is settled to be the rule when we
come to admit Senators, as some time or other
we shall, from the State of South Carolina and
other States, they will claim compensation
from the commencement of their terms, going
back two or three Congresses. I do not see
upon what principle this resolution can be
passed, except it is that the State of Tennessee
was entitled to representation all the time, and
therefore that the persons selected as Senators
are entitled to be paid from the time the term
commenced.
Mr. WILSON. What committee is that
from ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Prom the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall have no
further action on this subject at. present. _ We
should consider the matter. I move that it lie
over until to-morrow.
The question being put, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 14, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. DOOLITTLE called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts wishes to look into this matter for
his Own information I have no objection to
the resolution being laid over; otherwise, it
being a personal question, I think it ought to
be settled now.
Mr. WILSON". I will simply say that it
seems to me to be a most extraordinary propo-
sition, and I want time to reflect on a matter
of this kind. It seems to me to involve a prin-
ciple that would place us in a very ridiculous
attitude before the country.
Mr. HARRIS. If the Senator says that he
wants to examine into this question, I con-
sent that the resolution shall lie over.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Upon the statement of
the Senator from Massachusetts that he desires
to look into this matter a little further, I ask
unanimous consent to Withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote
last taken discloses the want of a quorum, and
the Chair must count the Senate to ascertain
if there be a quorum present. [After count-
ing.] The Chair ascertains by counting the
Senate that a quorum is present. The call for
the yeas and nays can be withdrawn by unani-
mous consent, and the further consideration
of this resolution may be postponed until to-
morrow by unanimous consent. Is there any
objection? No objection being made the call
is withdrawn, and the further consideration of
the resolution postponed until to-morrow.
RAILROADS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. STEWART. I move to take up for
consideration the bill (S. No. 401) to aid in
the construction of the San Francisco Central
Pacific railroad.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that bill will not be
taken Tip this morning. I think a bill so long
as that ought not to be taken up in the morning
hour. There are a great many small bills, for
the consideration of which the only chance is
the morning hour. The bill now proposed to
be taken up is a large bill, and it will take a
long time to read it.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know wh$t the
Senator means when he calls this a large bill.
Mr. WILSON. A long one.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator had been
informed he would have known that the bill
had been already read in the Senate, and has
been postponed now for nearly two weeks. It
is not as large a bill as the Senator imagines,
but it is of great consequence to us. I hope
the Senate will consider it now, for there is no
opportunity to consider such business unless it
be during the morning hour.
The motion of Mr. Stewart was agreed
to, and the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, resumed the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 401) to aid in the construction of the
San Francisco Central Pacific railroad.
The bill, after having been considered here-
tofore, was recommitted to the Committee on
Public Lands, and reported with an amend-
ment to strike out all of the original bill after
the enacting clause, and insert the following:
That the right of way through the public lands be,
and the same is hereby, granted to the State of Cali-
fornia, in trust for the San Francisco Central Pacific
Railroad Company, or for the California Pacific Rail-
road Company, corporations existing under the laws
of the State of California, to construct the road here-
inafter named, and for the successors and assigns of
that one of said companies as shall have first com-
plied with the terms of this afct, and shall first com-
pletesuoh road, for the construction of a railroad from
the city of Sacramcnto, or Marysville, or from both
of said points, through the counties of Yuba, Sutter,
Yolo, and Solano, to a point at or near the City of
Beniciaor Vallejo, in the last named county, in said
State; and the right is hereby given to that one of
said corporations as shall fast comply with the terms
of this act to take from the public lands hereby
granted adjacen t to th e line of such railroad material
for the construction thereof; said right of way is
granted to such railroad to the extent of one hundred
feet in width on each side of the center of such road
where it may pass over the public lands; also all neces-
sary grounds for station buildings, depots, machine-
shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, and water-
stations, not exceeding five acres in any continuous
ten miles of said line.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there be, and
is hereby, granted to the State of California, to aid in
the construction of that one of the above-mentioned
railroads as shall be first completed according to the
terms of tbis act, and to seeure the safe and speedy
transportation of mails, troops, munitions of war,
and public stores over th© route of said line of rail-
way, every alternate scction of public land designated
by odd numbers, to the amount of ten alternate sec-
tions per mile, on each side of said railroad line, as
said company may adopt, wherever in the line thereof
the United States have full title thereto, respectively;
but irncase it shall appear that the united States
have, when the line orrouteof said road is definitely
located, as hereinafter provided, sold any section or
any part thereof, granted as aforesaid, or that the
right of preemption, homestead settlement, or other
private right, has attached, or that th© same has been
reserved by the United States, then it shall be lawful,
within two years thereafter, for any agent or agents,
to be appointed by the Governor of said State, to
select, subject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Interior, from the lands of the United States (to which
no right has attached, and not being within the limits
of any reservation as aforesaid) nearest to the tiers
of sections above specified, so much land in alternate
sections, or parts of sections, as shall be equal to such
lands as have been sold, reserved, or otherwise ap-
Eropriated, or to which the right of preemption or
omestead settlement shall have, at the time of the
location of said road attached, as aforesaid,- which
lands shall, when said road shall be completed as
heroin provided, bo held and disposed of by the State
of California J-u* the use and purpose aforesaid: Pro-
vided, That the lands to be so located shall in no
case bo further than twenty-five miles from the lino
ofsaidroad: Provided, further, Thatthelandshereby
granted shall be exclusively applied toward the cost
of the construction of said railroad, for and on account
of which th© said lands are hereby granted, and the
title thereto shall remain in the United States until
said road shall be fully completed,and thesamcshaU
be applied to no other purpose whatsoever: Provided,
farther. That any and all lands heretofore reserved
to the United States by any act of Congress, or grant-
ed, appropriated, or set apart for, or promised to any
other railroad company, or for any other purpose,
and all lands containing gold, silver, or cinnabar, and
all town and village lots are hereby reserved from
the operations of this act, except so far as it may bo
found necessary to locate the route of said road
through such reserved lands, in which case the right
of way only to the extent of one hundred feet wide
shall be granted, subject to theapproval of the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That whenever the
surveyor general of the United States for the State
of California shall first certify to the Secretary of th©
Interior that such railroad is completed from Sacra-
mento city or Marysville to Bonicia or Yallejo, in a
good and substantial manner, and in all respects as
required by this act, it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Interior to transfer to the Governor of
said State all lands granted as aforesaid.
Sec. 4. And be it further enactedt That the said rail-
road shall be constructed in a substantial and work-
.manlike manner, with all the necessary drains, cul-
verts, bridges, viaducts, crossings, turnouts, and
watering places, and all other appurtenances, in-
cluding furniture and rolling-stock, equal in all
respects to railroads of the first elass when prepared
for business; the gauge to be the sa^me as that of tho
Central Pacific railroad.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That as soon as
the lines of said road shall be surveyed and located
the Governor of said State shall cause a map of tho
location to be filed with tho Secretary of the Interior,
who thereupon shall cause lands not already sur-
veyed, within twent3*jiniles of the line of said loca-
tion, to be surveyed, and the odd sections and parts
of sections not occupied by homestead settlements,
or otherwise hereinafter excepted, to be set apart for
the purposes contemplated by this act. And the sec-
tions and parts ofsections of land which by the afore-
said grant shall remain in the United States within
ten miles on each side of said road shall not, before
the 4th of July, 1872, be sold for less than double the
minimum price of public lands when sold.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That each and
every grant, right, and privilege herein are so made
and given to said State for the purpose aforesaid,
upon and subject to the following conditions, namely:
tbat the said company shall commence the work on
said road within six months from the approval of
this act by the President, and shall complete the road
from Sacramento city to Benicia or vallejo within
three years thereafter, and the road from Marysville
to Benicia or Vallejo on or before the 4th day of July,
1871.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That in ease either
of said companies shall elect, and file such election
with the secretary of state for tho State of California,
within six months from the passage of this act, to tho
effect that said company will only connect by railroad
the said city of Benicia or Vallejo with the main
road at a distance not exceeding twelve miles from
the city of Benicia, and abandon the construction of
the balance of the aforesaid road, then and in that
event the company so electing shall, subject to all
the conditions and provisions aforesaid, be entitled
to the benefit of one quarter of the grant hereby
made, and in case the said election shall not bo filed
as herein required, and the said connection shall not
be completed as in this act provided, the whole of
the hereby granted lands shall, when said whole line
is completed as aforesaid, be held by said State for tho
