1867.
the congressional globe.
.benefit and use of the company complying with the
,terms of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That the lands
hereby granted to said State, mentioned as aforesaid,
shall be conveyed and transferred to said company,
as the Legislature of said State may provide for the
purposes aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY, As these new States,
western States, are getting all the public lands
within their limits, and the old States get none
.given to them, I propose an additional section
to this bill for the benefit of my own State.
And be it further enacted^ That two hundred thou-
sand acres of the public lands of the United States,
to be located as shall be directed by thc'Sccretary of
•tho Interior, bo granted to the Junction and Break-
water railroad, in the State of Delaware.
I will say, Mr. President, that this road is
not completed, aud an appropriation of the
public domain would be of great service to the
company to enable them to complete their
road. 1 am aware of no grant of public lands
to any of the old States to aid them in the
construction of public works or for any other
purpose, unless it be the act passed a few years
ago which provided for granting to the States
thirty thousand acres of land for each of their
members in Congress, for educational pur-
poses. I think that we on the Atlantic coast
Lave as much interest in the public lands as
-gentlemen on the Pacific coast and in the far
West; and while the publie lands ore being
given away it is nothing but just that we should
have some portion of them. If there were
not a proposition before the Senate to grant
publie lands to assist in the construction of
railroads in the western States and the States
on the Pacific coast I should not offer this
amendment.
Mr. CONN-ESS. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator, if he wants public lands i'or the State of
Delaware, will make the experiment on a bill
to be introduced by him here, and not incum-
ber the present bill with such an amendment.
I presume the Senator is not quite in earnest
in the matter.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not think this
amendment will incumber this bill at all. If
Senators are opposed to my amendment it is a
very easy matter for them to vote it down. I
Wrtainly shall not take up the time of the Sen-
ate in discussing the question, but I know of no
more proper case than the one before the Sen-
ate to get the sense of the Senate on the ques-
tion whether we of the Atlantic border, we of
the old States, shall have any interest in these
public lands and receive any benefit from their
distribution.
The amendment was rejeeted.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, arul was read thk third time, and
passed. Its title was imffi to read, "A bill
for a grant of land to the State of California
to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in said State."
COMPENSATION OF CIVIL EMPLOYES.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 221.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (H. It.
No. 224) giving additional compensation to
certain employes in the civil service of the
Government at Washington.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing amendment will be read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the consent of the
Senate to withdraw the amendment that 1 re-
ported from the Committee on Finance, and
to substitute another, which I am instructed by
the committee to report in place of it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Senator
from Oregon asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to witlidrawthe amendment reported
by the Committee on Finance to this joint res-
olution. An amendment to that amendment
having been proposed, and being now pending,
39th Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 62.
the original amendment cannot be withdrawn
without the consent of the Senate. Is there
any objection? No objection being made the
amendment is withdrawn.
Mr. WILLIAMS.. I now offer the amend-
ment which I submitted informally a few days
ago, to strike out all after the resolving clause
of the joint resolution and insert the following:
That there shall be allowed and paid, out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to the ioliowing described persons, now employed in
the civil service at Washington, as follows: tocivil
officers, temporary and all other clerks, messengers
and watchmen, and employes, male and female, in
any ot the following-named Departments, or any
bureau or division thereof, to wit: State, Treasury,
War, Navy, Interior, Post Office, Attorney General,
Agricultural, and including civil officers and tempo-
rary, and all other clerks aud employes, male and
lemale, in tho offices of the Coast Survey, Naval
Observatory, navy-yard, Paymaster General, in-
cluding the division of referred claims, Commis-
sary General of Prisoners, Bureau of Refugees,
rreedmen, and Abandoned Lands, Quartermaster
General, Capitol and Treasury extension, city post
office, and Commissioner of l'ublic Buildings, to tho
superintendent of meters, an additional compensa-
tion of twenty per cent, on their respective sala-
ries as feed by law, or, where no salary is fixed by
law, upon their pay respectively, for one year from
and aiter the 30th day of Juno, but when any
of said persons is or shall bo only entitled to reccivo
salary or pay for a part of said year tho said twenty
per cent, shall bo computed on tho amount such por-
son is so entitled to rcceivo for services in any or all
of said Departmontsor offices within said year: Pro-
vided, That the above-named additional compensa-
tion to the employes of tho Patent Otfico shall bo
paid out of tho funds of said office: Provided fur-
ther, That the resolution shall not apply to persons
whose salaries as fixed by law exceed three thousand
five hundred dollars per annum, nor to any person
whose salary has been increased by law since the30th
day of Juno,18(J4, except those cloiks in the otficeof
the Quartermaster Uencrnl whose pay was equalized
with that of first-class clerks by act of July 28,
1860: Provided further. That all extra compensa-
tion allowed and paid to any of said persons during
tho current fiscal year by tho head of any Depart-
ment shall be taken and considered as a part of tho
said twenty per cent., so that all of said persons
shall_ receive twenty por cent, on their respective
salaries, as aforesaid, and no more; but no person
shall bo required to refund any sum that he may
have received, as aforesaid, in excess of said twenty
per eeut. on his salary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Inlistcning to the read-
ing of that portion of the amendment naming
the persons to be included, watchmen, clerks,
&c., I did not hear the watchmen of the Exec-
utive Mansion mentioned. There are some
watchmen employed there as well as in tho vari-
ous Departments, and I suppose this proposition
ought to apply to them as well as to the others,
if we are to make it general. I suggest, there-
fore, that it be amended m that respect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. llow much do they
receive?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When the appropriation
bill was under consideration last year these
watchmch called upon me and stated that their
pay was less than that of the watchmen of the
Capilol. I thought it would be just to put them
all on the same footing, and I think such an
amendment was made. If we are to act on this
question now 1 shall move to insert the wateh-
rncn of the Executive Mansion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what they receive now. I think the Senator
should give us an explanation on that point,
and tell us how many there are of them. He
ought to know that before he moves the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. They come within the
exception.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understood thattliere
were two of these watchmen, and that they
received the same pay as tlie watchmen of the
Capitol.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; that is very
much larger than watchmen receive in the De-
partments. We have not increased in this
joint resolution the compensation of the watch-
men of the Capitol; it does not apply to them
at all. They receive very much larger pay than
those in the Departments. The pay of the
employes of the Executive Mansion was fixed
last year in the bill reorganizing the force
there, by which they were paid very liberally
and very handsomely; and if the watchmen
there receive the same pay as those of tjie Cap-
itol they receive a, very much larger pay than
in the Departments. We have not increased
the pay of the watchmen of the Capitol in this
joint resolution, and there is no Teason why
these others should be included in it.
Mr. GrBIMES. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator who has charge of this joint resolution
what is inoluded in the term "employes."
The joint resolution gives increased compen-
sation to civil-officers, temporary and all other
clerks, messengers and watchmen, and em-
ployes, male and female, in any o£ the follow-
ing-named Departments, -enumerating several
of them, and then specifying " the Coast Sur-
vey, Naval Observatory, navy-yard.'' Does
that include the workingmen of the navy-
yard? Are they to be considered as "em-
ployes" under this resolution?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would cover all
the workmen, I think. It was not intended
that it should.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If gentlemen will take
the "pains to read this amendment carefully
I think they will see what it means. I think
there is no difficulty in understanding it. The
first clause includes all "civil officers, tem-
porary and all other clerks, messengers and
watchmen and employes, male and female,
in any of the following-named Departments,
or any bureau or division thereof, to wit:
State, Treasury, War, Navy, Interior, Post
Office, Attorney General, Agricultural." That
clause includes all officers, clerks, messengers,
watchmen, and employ6s, male and female,
in the different Departments. Then it pro-
ceeds to include all "civil officers and tcm-'
porary and all other clerks and employ6s,
male and female, in the offices of the Coast
Survey, Naval Observatory, navy-yard. Pay-
master General," &c. The Senate will see
that this opplies only to those clerks and em-
ployes who are in the offices, and does not
embrace the mechanics and laborers in the
navy-yard or any of the other branches of
business enumerated in this portion of the
resolution.
Mr, RAMSEY. If it is in order to do so, I
should like to move an amendment to the
amendment by inserting after tho words
" navy-yard," in the thirteenth line, the word
"arsenal." There is a large number of em-
ployes there.
The P RESIDENT pro tempore,. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doo-
little] to the amendment is pending.
Mr. RAMSEY. I was not aware of that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps I am mistaken
in supposing that the watchmen at the Execu-
tive Mansion ought to be included in this joint
resolution ; but if the joint resolution should
lie over until to-morrow morning I will look
into the matter. The language of the resolu-
tion is very sweeping and goes very far, and if
we undertake to make it general we ought to
reach all who are in the civil service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As this joint resolution
is likely to go over, I should like to make an
inquiry of the Senator from Oregon who has it
in charge, to know whether the thirty-third
and thirty-fourth lines, which exclude from the
operation of the joint resolution and deny its
benefits to any person whose salary has been
increased by law since the 30th of June, 18G4,
would not deprive the female clerks who are
employed in the Departments from having any
benefits from this joint resolution? I think we
increased their compensation slightly last year.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would have that
effect?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is to be the effect
of it I object. I think they are paid little
enough, and they ought to have the benefits of
this resolution, and I trust that before it shall
pass the Senate it will be amended in that par-
ticular. I know no reason why a faithful clerk,
who is a female, and who performs the duties
as well and as efficiently as a male, should re-
ceive but §600, as some of thsta'do, or $720
or $900 a year, while no male clerk has less
than $1,200, and then why we should increase
