1654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
the bill, it shall be sent, together with the
objections, to the other House, by which it
shall likewise be reconsidered, and if ap-
proved by two thirds of that House it shall
become a law. But in all such cases the votes
of both Houses are to be determined by yeas
and nays, to be entered on the Journal of each
House respectively. If any bill shall not be
returned by the Governor within three days
(Sundays excepted) after it shall have been
presented to him, the same shall be a law in
fike manner as if he had signed it, unless the
Assembly by their adjournment prevent its
return, in which case it shall not be a law.
The sixth section provides for the repeal of
all acts or parts of acts inconsistent with the
provisions of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COOPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLORADO TERRITORY.
Mr. COOPER, from the same committee,
also reported back House bill No. 1121,
amendatory of the organic act of Colorado
Territory, with the recommendation that it
do pass.
The bill provides that hereafter the sessions
of the Legislative Assembly of Colorado shall
be biennial; that the members of the Council
shall be elected for four and the members of
the House for two years, and they shall re-
ceive the sum of six dollars per day instead of
four dollars heretofore allowed, and they shall
receive the same mileage as is now allowed
by law.
It further provides each House shall elect
the officers now allowed by Jaw; that the en-
rolling clerk and chief clerk shall each receive
six dollars per day, and all the other officers
five dollars per day.
It further provides that the election for the
first biennial session shall be at the general
election in 1867. and that the Legislature then
elected shall meet at the time now fixed by
law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COOPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IDAHO.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, moved to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill 490, to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide a temporary Government for
Idaho, approved March 3, 1863.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
taken up and read a first and second time.
The bill provides that the judges of the su-
preme court of the Territory, or a majority of
them, shall, when assembled at the seat of gov-
ernment of the Territory, define the judicial
districts of the Territory, and assign the judges
who may be appointed for the Territory to the
several districts; and shall also fix and appoint
the times and places for holding court in the
several counties or subdivisions in each of the-
judicial districts, and alter the times and places
of holding the courts 'as to them shall seem
proper and convenient.
The second section provides that the next
session of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of Idaho shall be held commencing on
the first Monday in December in 1868, and
thereafter the Legislative Assembly of said
Territory shall be held biennially and the next
election for members of the Legislative Assem-
bly of said Territory shall be held on the sec-
ond Monday in August, 1868; and thereafter
said election shall be held biennially.
The third section provides that the members
of the House of Representatives of said Legis-
lative Assembly shall be elected for the term
of two years, and the members of the Council
of said Legislative Assembly shall be elected
for the term of four years, provided that at
the first election hereafter one half of the mem-
bers of said Council shall be elected for the
term of two years and the remaining half for
the term of four years; and the districts wherein
the members of the Council are to be elected
for the term of four years at the next election
shall be determined by proclamation of the
Governor of said Territory, provided that in
all counties and election districts which shall
be entitled to elect two members of the Council
one of said members shall be elected for two
years and the other for four years.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MONTANA.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, moved to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 501, amendatory of an act to
provide a temporary government for the Ter-
ritory of Montana, approved May 26, 186-1.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
taken up and read a first and second time.
The first section provides that the Legislative
Assemblies of the several Territories of the
United States shall not, after the passage of
this act, grant private charters or special privi-
leges, but they may, by general incorporation 1
acts, permit persons to associate themselves
together as bodies-corporate for mining, manu-
facturing, and other industrial pursuits.
The second section provides that the pro-
bate courts of the Territory of Montana, in
their respective counties, in addition to their
probate jurisdiction, are hereby authorized to
hear and determine civil causes wherein the
damage or debt claimed does not exceed $500,
and such criminal cases arising under the laws
of the Territory as do not require the inter-
vention of a grand jury, provided that they
shall not have jurisdiction in any matter in
controversy when the title or right to the peace-
able possession of land may be in dispute or
chancery or divorce causes; and ptevided
further, that in all cases an appeal may be
taken from the order, judgment, or decree of
said probate court to the district court.
The third section provides that the chief
justice and associate justices of said Terri-
tory and of the Territory of Idaho shall each
receive an annual salary of $4,000.
The fourth section provides that the judges
of the supreme court of said Territory, or a
majority of them, shall, when assembled at
the seat of government of said Territory, de-
fine the judicial districts of said Territory, and
assign the judges who may be appointed for
said Territory to the several districts, and shall
also fix and appoint the times and places for
holding the courts in the several counties or
subdivisions in each of said judicial districts,
and alter times and places of holding the courts
as to them shall seem proper and convenient.
The fifth section provides that for the pur-
pose of reviving the legislative functions of the
Territory of Montana, which have been ad-
judged therein to have lapsed, the Governor of
said Territory be, and he is hereby, authorized,
on or before the 1st day of July, 1867, to divide
said Territory into legislative districts for the
election of members of the Council and House
of Representatives, and to apportion among
said districts the number of members of the
Legislative Assembly provided for in the or-
ganic act of said Territory, and the election of
said members of the Legislative Assembly
shall be held at such time and shall be con-
ducted in the manner prescribed by the Legis-
lative Assembly of said Territory at the session
thereof, begun and holden at the city of Ban-
nack, in 1864 and 186-3, and the qualifications
of voters shall be the same as that prescribed
by said organic act, saving and excepting the
distinction therein made on account of race or
color, and the Legislative Assembly, so elected
shall convene at the time prescribed by said
Legislative Assembly at the session last afore-
said. The apportionment provided for in this
section shall be based upon such an enumera-
tion of the qualified electors of the several
legislative districts as shall appear from the
election returns in the office of the secretary
of said Territory, and from such other sources
of information as will enable the Governor,
without taking a new census, to make an appor-
tionment which shall fairly represent the peo-
ple of the several districts in both Houses of
the Legislative Assembly.
The sixth section provides that all acts passed
at the two sessions of the so-called Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Montana, held in
1866, are hereby disapproved and declared null
and void, except such acts as the Legislative
Assembly, herein authorized to be elected, shall
by special act in each case reenact, provided,
however, that in all claims of vested rights
thereunder, the party claiming the same shall
not, by reason of anything in this section con-
tained, be precluded from making and testing
said claim in the courts of said Territory;
and provided further, that no legislation or
pretended legislation in said Territory since
the adjournment of the first Legislative Assem-
bly shall be deemed valid until the election of
the Legislative Assembly herein provided for
shall take place.
The seventh section provides that from and
after the 1st day of April next the salary of
each of the judges of the several supreme
courts in each of the organized Territories,
except Montano and Idaho, shall be $2,500.
The eighth section provides that all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this act are
hereby repealed.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the read-
ing of the bill it fixes the salaries of the judges
at $4,000.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. In two Territories.
Mr. STEVENS. Which two?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Idaho and Montana.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
allow it to be reduced to $3,000. That is
enough.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, it
costs five dollars a day, in gold, for a gentle-
man to board in Idaho ; and before the Legis-
lative Assembly got into the hands of the
Opposition the Assembly added to the salaries
paid by the Government $2,500. This was to
enable them to live. But when the Opposition
came into power they repealed this law, so
that all they get now is what is paid by the
Federal Government.
Mr. ALLISON. How long do these judges
stay in the Territory?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. They cannot leave
without the authority of the Attorney General.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to know at
what place it costs five dollars a day to live.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It costs that at any
place in Idaho and Montana, as I can testify
from personal experience.
Mr. STEVENS. Wherever they live at all,
I am sure they can live for less than that. I
hope it will not go above $3,000.
Mr. ASHLE1, of Ohio. They cannot carry
their provisions there for less than twelve or
fifteen cents a pound. I ask the previous
question.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope it will be modified
and made $3,000.
Mr. CHAVES. Will the gentleman yield ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, Yes, sir.
Mr. CHA\'ES. I desire to ask the gentle-
man to allow the judges in New Mexico to be
included in the raising of the salaries. It is
just as expensive to live in New Mexico as it
is in Idaho and Montana.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. No. sir; it is not.
Mr. CHAVES. Yes, sir; I beg your par-
don. I know it, because I come from th^re
myself.
