1656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
their transactions for the preceding year;" in same
lino strike out the word "shall;" in line seven after
the word "some" insert the word "value;" after the
word "Columbia" in lines seven and eight insert
"lbr at least ten days;" strike out the word "pre-
miums" in lines eight and nine and insert in lieu
thereof the word "profits;" at the end of said Senate
amendment add the following: "together with the
amount of stock subscribed and the amount actually
paid in." ULYSSES MERCUR,
MARTIN WELKER,
Managers on the part of the Howe.
LOT M. MORRILL,
D. T. PATTERSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The committee also recommend the follow-
ing amendments to the bill:
On page 2, strike out after the word " upon " in line
five down to and including the word " upon" in line
eiptht.
On same page, after the word "lives" in line nine
insert "and health."
On page 3, strike out all after the word "that" in
line eighteen over to and including the word "rep-
resentatives," on page 4, line nine.
On pago 4, strike out the words "members or" in
linos eleven and twelve.
On samepage, strike out all after the word "respon-
sibilities" in line thirteen down to and including the
word "company" in line fifteen, and insert in lieu
thereof as follows: " beyond the amount of stock sub-
scribed by them respectively."
On same page, strike out all of section five.
On same page, strike out the word " members" in
line twenty-five and insert in lieu thereof the word
"stockholders."
On same page, strike out the words "said deposit-
notes or" in lines twenty-five and twenty-six.
On samepage, strike out the word " thereon" inline
twenty-six and insert in lieu thereof the words " on
their stock."
Strike out all of section seven on pages 5 and 6.
On page C, strike out the words ' members or" in
line nine.
The SPEAKER. If the Chair understands
this report correctly, the conferees propose
to change the orginal text of the bill. The
President pro tempore of the Senate has twice
decided—as the Chair thinks correctly—that
while conference committees can in regard to
disagreeing votes make a report which may be
adopted by a majority in each House, yet any
recommendation of such committee proposing
a change in the text of the bill requires for its
adoption unanimous consent in both branches.
Mr. MERCUR. The committee so under-
stood.
The SPEAKER. The question is first on
adopting the report proper of the committee
of conference.
The report was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
changing the original text of the bill as pro-
posed by the committee. This requires unan-
imous consent. Is there any objection ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I object.
Mr. MERCUR. I hope that the gentleman
from New Jersey will withdraw his objection
for a moment, and hear a brief explanation.
The SPEAKER. Unless the proposed
changes can be made by unanimous con-
sent the bill will probably fail. The report
of the conferees is agreed to ; but they recom-
mend in addition certain changes in the crimi-
nal text.
Mr. WRIGHT. I withdraw my objection.
'Mr. ROSS. I renew the objection.
The SPEAKER. In this anomalous posi-
tion of the bill, the Chair will be under the
necessity of directing the Clerk to report to the
Senate that the House has agreed to the con-
ference report proper, but has refused unani-
mous consent to the amendments of the origi-
nal text of the bill, as proposed by the com-
mittee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Could not the report lie
on the table for a short time? I think that
when the matter is understood the objection
will be withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Mercur] might withdraw the
report.
Mr. MERCUR. I withdraw the report tem-
porarily.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I am about
to make a last effort to obtain some action of
the House upon the tariff; and before ^bruit-
ting the proposition which I propose to present,
I desire to call the attention of the House to
certain facts in regard to the bill which we
have had under consideration.
At the last session of Congress we sent to
the Senate a bill merely amending the tariff—
a bill consisting of less than sixty pages. The
Senate has taken the responsibility of sending
back to us a bill covering over one hundred and
twenty pages, including hundreds of articles
not touched by the House bill, embracing the
whole subject of the tariff, and repealing all
existing laws upon the subject from tlie begin-
ning to the end. While the Constitution gives
the House of Representatives the exclusive
right to originate revenue bills, it also confers
upon the Senate the right to make amendments
to such bills.
We in this instance have merely made an
amendment to the tariff; but the Senate, as-
suming a wide stretch of power, has sent us
an entirely new bill covering the whole subject.
While I do not deny their technical right to
do this, yet I think it is a very wide stretch
of the power of that body, and most unfortu-
nately exercised at this particular time. Beyond
doubt it would, after the several fragmentary
amendments we have been compelled to make
to tariff laws during the recent war, be well to
have the whole in one symmetrical act; but to
do this requires months of patient labor upon
the part of committees as well as of both
Houses of Congress. The short session does
not afford that time.
The Senate has kept this bill for more than
two thirds of the short session of this Con-
gress. It was not reported back to us until
the 2d day of this month, and we did not get
it from the printing office until the 5th. It
reached us at the moment we were in the
midst of the consideration of the internal tax
bill, and amid the excitement attending the
reconstruction question. It was impossible,
therefore, for us to properly consider the bill
and report it to the House from the Committee
of Ways and Means until the 18th of February.
Now, sir, these revenue bills must go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The rules so protect the minority in
this House that such bills cannot at once be
controlled by the majority. There is no power
under Heaven nor under parliamentary law
by which we can reach such a bill without the
concurrence of two thirds unless it shall have
first passed through the ordeal of the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where amendment is interminable. Under
these circumstances, Mr. Speaker, we have
made such progress as was possible, and we
find at this late period of the session, when we
have only three more legislative days remain-
ing, it is utterly impossible this bill should pass
unless we can take it out of committee and
bring it into the House.
As complaint may be made against me as to
the fate ot this bill, I will only say that during
the past fortnight, for about the first time within
twelve years, 1 have been compelled by domestic
affliction to be absent from my place for about
a week. Under these circumstances, for any
one who may impute blame to me for an
absence arising from sentiments that ought not
to be foreign to any manly breast, I have no
answer. «
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am about to make a
motion to discharge the Committee of the
hole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of the tariff bill. I
am perfectly aware it will take a two-thirds
vote to accomplish this purpose. I have no
more, perhaps less, interest than any other
man in this House in the result. I represent,
like the gentleman from the West, almost
purely an agricultural community. I believe
it is important for us to keep the industrial
interests of the country actively employed. If
we can prevent a stagnation of business in this
country, prevent a financial crisis, I have no
doubt that not less than three hundred thou-
sand immigrants will come to our shores this
year for permanent residence. If. on the con- |
trary, we have anything like general stagnation j
of business, anything like a financial crisis, i
these immigrants will not come to our shores,
and we shall be deprived of much of that large
accession to our strength and wealth. It must
be apparent that labor finds a higher reward
in America or immigrants will not flock here
in any great numbers. Besides that, living as
I do in an agricultural community, I am anx-
ious to open a wider market for agricultural
products. I am anxious these manufacturing
and mechanical establishments should find
their way into my State, for in Vermont less
! than any other New England State have we
: such establishments. Agriculture needs man-
ufactures as much as manufactures need agri-
, culture. They go best hand in hand.
In relation to the bill before the House I will
say I have never been one of those who are in
favor of high protective tariffs. I believe so
much revenue for the support of the Govern-
ment that a tariff with merely proper discrimi-
nations between American labor and foreign
labor will be amply sufficient for the protection
of all the interests of the country.
Mr. FINCK rose.
Mr. MORRILL. I decline to be interrupted
now. •
So far as any of the extreme rates in the bill
are concerned, they have not received my con-
currence. If I should have an opportunity to
vote on any such points I should invariably
go for the reduction of any of these extreme
rates, such as excite the hostility of parties in
various parts of the Hall. If there are any
snow-capped peaks in the bill I hope they will
be knocked off. If the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union shall be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill it will then be in the power of the House
to take such action as it pleases. Members
can propose such amendments as they choose.
It will be entirely within the control of the
House, and with its action I shall be content.
I now yield to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. FINCK. I wish to ask whether it is the
purpose of the gentleman to offer a substitute
for this bill ?
Mr. MORRILL. It is not.
Mr. FINCK. I wish to ask further, if we
have only three legislative days, how is it
possible to get the bill through and before the
President, and how he can read and examine it?
Mr. MORRILL. I have great faith in the
power of instinct, and I think the President
will be able to understand it from his power
of instinct. [Laughter.]
Mr. FINCK. I think so, too, and to veto it.
Mr. ROSS. I understand that New England
does not wish this tariff, and I do not see the
necessity of pressing it. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] told us yesterday
that New England does not desire this tariff,
and I am sure the West does not want it.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman from Ver-
mont yield to me for a moment?
Mr. MORRILL. I will for a question, but
I cannot yield for discussion.
Mr. THAYER. I would ask the gentle-
man from Vermont whether if the Committee
of the Whole on the State of the Union shall
be discharged from the farther consideration
of the bill lie proposes to afford an opportu-
nity for amendments to be offered in the
House ?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. \\ ith the permission of
the gentlemen from Vermont I desire to say
a word with reference to the present position
of this bill. I think it due to mvself that I
i should say 
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a point of order. The
floor was yielded to the gentleman to ask a
question and not to engage in discussion. It
was refused to me for any other purpose but
to ask a question.
Mr. MORRILL. I am willing to yield for
explanation, but not for general debate.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask but a moment for the
purpose of making an explanation of what I
, said yesterday.
; Mr. MORRILL. I will yield for that pur-
< pose.
