1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
adopted by the Committee of tlie Whole will
be regarded as falling.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to-suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 100, nays 04, not voting
20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ancona, Arnell, De-
los it. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Blow, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee, Broomall, Buck-
land, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Conk-
lmg, Cullom, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Delano,
Doming, Dixon, Dodge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry,
Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Ilart, Henderson,
lligby, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, De-
mas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Ilubbell,
Jenekes, lvelley, Kctcham, Koontz, Laflin, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Longyear,
Lynch, Marvin, McClurg, McKee, McRuer, Mercur,
Millof, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants,
Pomeroy, Price,William H.Randall, Raymond, John
II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scolield, Sheila-
burger, Sitgrcavcs, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes,
Strouse, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner,
William B. Washburn,Welker, Wentworth, Whaley,
Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—106.
NAYS—Messrs Allison, Anderson, Baker, Benja-
min, Bergen, Bromwell, Campbell, Chanler, Cobb,
Cook, Cooper, Defrees, Donnelly, Dumont, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Farquhar, Finck, Glosqbrenner, Aaron
Harding, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hawkins, Hayes,
Hill, Hise, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter,
Julian, Kasson, Kelso, Kerr, Kuykendall, Le Blond,
Leftwicli, Loan, Marshall, Maynard, Mclndoe, Moul-
ton, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Orth, Phelps, Rad-
ford, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sloan, Stilwell,
Tabcr, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thornton,
Tiimble, Andrew II. Ward, Henry D. Washburn,
James I<.Wilson,Windom.Winlield, and Wright—64.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Culver, Denison, Driggs,
Eckley, Goodyear, Hogan, Hooper, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Ilulburd, lngcrsnll, Jones, Marston, MeCul-
lough, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rous-
seau, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Upson, Robert T. Van
Horn, and Elihu B. Washburne—20.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to say that my
colleague, Mr. Samuel J. Randall, has been
called home by the death of a near relative.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to state that my
colleague, Mr. A. W. Hubbard, is still de-
tained from his seat by illness. If he were
here I have no doubt he would vote for this
motion.
Mr. FERRY. My colleague, Mr. Driggs,
is absent on account of sickness. If-he were
here lie would vote for this motion.
Ihe result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution of the House
No. 222, prohibiting payments to any person
not known to have been opposed to the rebel-
lion and in favor of its suppression.
tariff bill—again.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the
rules to introduce the following resolution :
lleaolped, That the Committee of the Whole on tho
state of the Union be discharged from the further
consideration of House bill No. 718, entitled "An act
to provide increased revenue from imports, and for
other purposes; and that tho House concur in the
amendment of the Senate as amended by the Com-
nntteo ot tho Whole, with the following amend-
ments:
Strike out on page 27, lino eighteen, all after the
word proud to tho end of the twenty-first line,
being the following words:
And any person or corporation may import and use
railroad iron at any time within ten years upon pay-
the duties imposed by law, any provision in any
act of Congress to tho contrary notwithstanding.
And on pago 15. line six, strike out the words " ex-
cluding charges in such port;" and strike out the
same words in lines fifty, fifty-seven, fifty-eight sixty-
two, sixty-three, sixty-eight, seventy-one, and sev-
enty-two.
And that the vote shall bo taken without further
amendment or debate.
,, ^r" ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
This resolution embraces what purports to be
an amendment to the tariff bill, and according
to the ruling of the Chair no amendment is
allowable until after the amendments reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means have
been considered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] is certainly correct in
his statement of the ruling of the Chair; but
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] has moved to suspend the rules for the
very purpose of doing what cannot be done
under the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have no doubt the de-
cision of the Chair was correct, and I desire
that the House shall adhere to it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. This resolution, as the
Chair understands, proposes to retain the
amendments to the Senate bill as adopted in
| Committee of the Whole. Or does the gentle-
! man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] pro-
pose to relieve the bill of the amendments
agreed to in Committee of the Whole? Which
is his purpose?
Mr. STEVENS. I am willing to take the
bill as thus far amended, with the amendments
stated in the resolution.
Mr. LE BLOND. I rise to a question of
order ; though I am not sure that my point is
entirely well taken, unless there can be a divis-
ion of the proposition submitted by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania. By a vote just taken
the House has refused to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the consideration of
this bill. This resolution proposes the same
thing, but it embraces in addition a proposi-
tion to amend the bill in certain respects.
Now, so far as regards the discharge of the
Committee of the Whole, it seems to me that
that proposition is out of order, the House hav-
ing just refused such a proposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Le Blond] is certainly aware that this
resolution differs in some points from the prop-
osition just voted upon by the House, and 
Mr. LE BLOND. Is it not susceptible of
division?
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not divisible nor amendable nor de-
batable.
Mr. LE BLOND. This is a motion to sus-
pend the rules to discharge the Committee of
the Whole, and to adopt certain amendments.
The SPEAKER. It is all included in one
motion.
Mr. LE BLOND. Can we not have a divis-
ion, so as to vote separately upon the question
of discharging the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not divisible, but must be put as moved.
Any gentleman might move to suspend all the
rules of the House, and if two thirds so decided,
an entirely new code of parliamentary rules
might be adopted for the government of this
body. A fortiori, anything less than this can
be accomplished by a two thirds vote.
Mr. STEVENS. Upon reflection I believe
that the clause with reference to railroad iron
was stricken from the bill in Committee of the
Whole. I therefore modify my resolution by
striking out the part in reference to that.
This leaves as the only amendment the strik-
ing out of the clauses with reference to charges
upon wool.
Mr. PAINE. I should be glad to under-
stand whether the resolution of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania contemplates a concurrence
in the substitute of the Senate with the amend-
ments adopted by the House in Committee of
the Whole?
Mr. STEVENS. With the amendments
already adopted in Committee of the Whole.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I have an
amendment which, if accepted, I will say I
propose to vote for this bill. My amendment
is as follows :
On animals living, namely, on horses, mares, colts,
asses, and mules, filly per cent. «d valorem ; on neat
cattle, fifty per cent, ad valorem; on sheep, goats,
calves, and -wine, fifty per cent, ad valorem : on all
kind* not otherwise herein provided for, fifty per
cent, ad valorem: Provided, That all animals im-
ported from Europe for breeding purposes only shall
be admitted duty free.
On apples, garden fruit, and edible vegetables and
roots, in a green or fresh state, not otherwise herein
provided for, ten per cent, ad valorem.
On barley, not including pearl or hulled, thirty
cents per bushel.
On barley, pearl or hulled, one cent per pound.
On beans, (except vanilla and castor,) forty per
cent, ad valorem.
On broom corn, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On Indian corn, twenty cents per bushel.
On corn meal, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On butter, five cents per pound.
On buckwheat, twenty cents per bushel.
On flour and meal, middlings, and mill-feed of
wheat, rye, oats, or other grain not herein otherwise
provided for, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On fruits preserved in spirits or brandy, two dollars
per gallon; on fruits preserved in sugar or molasses,
and on all other sweetmeats, fifty per cent, ad va-
lorem : Provided, That all preserved fruits and
pickled fruits in jars, bottles, or other packages,
shall pay duty on the entire cost as put up, the cost
of packages included.
On fish, namely: on smoked salmon and halibnt,
two dollars per one hundred pounds; on smoked
herring, two dollars per ono hundred pounds; on
pickled salmon, white fish, and trout, four dollars
per barrel; on pickled mackerel, shad, and halibut,
four dollars per barrel; on pickled herring and ale-
wives, two dollars per barrel: Provided, That any
pickled fish in packages other than barrels shall pay
in proportion to the rates charged for similar fish in
barrels: And provided further, That all fish im-
ported in bulk (other than fresh) shall pay at the
above rates, estimating two hundred pounds to the
barrel. On all pickled fish, not otherwise provided
for, two dollars per one hundred pounds; on all dry
fish, one half cent per pound; on sardines and an-
! chovies, and all preparations of the same, fifty per
per eent. ad valorem.
On hay, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On hops, eight cents per pound.
On meats, naftiely: on beef not cured, and on beef
dried, two cents per pound; on beef cured, in barrels,
five dollars per barrel of two hundred pounds; on
pork, in any form, not cured, three cents per pound;
on pork, in barrels, five dollars per barrel of two
hundred pounds; on dressed poultry, five cents per
pound; on all other meats not cured, two cents per
pound; on all prepared or canned meats and sau-
sages, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On malt, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On oats, twenty cents per bushel.
On oil-cake, fifty per cent, ad valorem: Provided,
That no drawback shall be allowed on oil-cake man-
ufactured of imported linseed, when exported to for-
eign countries.
On peas, fifty cents per bushel.
On timothy, clover, and other grass seeds, fifty per
cent, ad valorem.
On all garden seeds, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
On canary seed, two dollars per bushel of sixty
pounds.
On tallow, lard, and marrow, threecents per pound.
On wheat, fifty cents per bushel.
Mr. STEVENS. I consent to have that
added to my resolution.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to move another amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. If I yield to the gentleman
from Vermont I do not know with what grace
I can decline to yield to others. I must, there-
fore, demand the previous question.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I wish the Speaker to
explain to the House whether I am right or
wrong as to the conception I have in reference
to this_ matter. If the House agree to this
proposition and it is sent to the Senate and the
Senate non-concur, is there not then ground for
a committee of conference which will open up
this whole subject?
Mr. STEVENS. It only opens up the mat-
ters on which the two Houses disagree.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I desire to know the
opinion of the Chair, whether that committee
of conference may reopen the entire subject-
matter between the two Houses.
The SPEAKER. If two thirds vote for
this proposition and the Senate non-concur in
the amendment, and it should go to a com-
mitttee of conference, that committee would be
confined exclusively to the amendments to the
Senate amendment which have been agreed
to, and this one passed by the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Would the
committee of conference have the right to
strike out the amendment of my friend from
Illinois?
The SPEAKER. The committee would
have the control of the amendments agreed to
in the Committee of the Whole and by vote of
this House.
Mr. STEVENS. I insist on my motion to
suspend the rule.
