218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
that the very result Which he seeks to bring
about, as all of us do, is so certain that it will
be brought about sooner by admitting the State
than by not admitting her. We have the pledge
of the influential gentlemen here and of all the
principal men of that Territory, who are all for
it, that it will be brought about sooner, this
abstraction will be rectified sooner by permit-
ting the State to come in than by thrusting it
out; and I do not like to do a vain thing. I
argued before as I am compelled to argue now
that it was a vain and idle thing to do it, be-
cause the State, the moment she was in the
Union, if she saw fit, could call a convention,
rectify her constitution, and exclude this pro-
vision. That is the way I looked at it. Some
Senators seem to think that is not the case.
If it is not the case and we have foil and plen-
ary jurisdiction over the subject, and can put
into this constitution a provision that will ad-
mit its members and bind the people there to
a principle that is right in itself, certainly I
can have no objection to it—not the least in
the world. Let them in. I know they never
will thrust it out if you put it in; I am satis-
fied of that. I have argued to you that they
themselves will put it in, and surely they will
not thrust it out if you put it in. They are
ready to take it. If we can do it, let us do it;
and let us all combine, unite, and place in
there a provision that will admit the members
upon the floor and still leave it to the people,
as I think they will have the power if they dis-
like it to put it out.
I have stated to you my belief, founded upon
as large an inquiry on the subject as I could
make, that the people there are as anxious to
have it in their constitution as you are; and it
was not a matter of deliberation with that peo-
ple that this word " white " was placed in their
constitution. It is a form that is copied in
copying one constitution from another. They
found it everywhere they went. They put a
copyist to work, and when he took up the con-
stitution of Nevada, of Iowa, of Oregon, of my
own State, of Illinois, of Indiana, or any other
western State as a precedent from which to
write the principal articles of the constitution,
he copied that in, just as a clerk copies tech-
nical phrases into a deed when he is following
a precedent. That is the way it was inserted.
It was not a matter of deliberation, as I under-
stand, among those people. It is in there; it
will have no effect; but if you can get rid of it
by putting in a condition that there shall be no
discrimination in the franchise on account of
color, very well. There are some words that
seem harsh in that amendment, and I would
recommend that they be modified. Theymight
be offensive to the people of Nebraska, and it
would have a better effect without them. I
would recommend if that amendment is to be
adopted, instead of putting such strong penal-
ties into their constitution, itbe provided simply
that it shall be a fundamental principle in their
constitution that they shall make no discrimin-
ation on account of color or race in regard to
the elective franchise, or something like that.
I would rather it should be so. It would be
more palatable to them, and just as effectual,
in my judgment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will
allow me, the objection to that is, that the
theory npon which my amendment goes is,
that having full power over the creation of new
States we may creato them upon such condi-
tions as we please. Those conditions have
force, not because that State having accepted
them becomes willing or unwilling afterward
to fulfill them, but because it is the paramount
law of the land which operates upon every
citizen in the new State. Then, how are wo to
enforce the paramount law of the land other
than as we enforce all other laws, by providing
punishments and penalties for its infraction ?
In that case a colored citizen of Nebraska
foing and offeringto vote, being refused, brings
is action precisely as he would in Massachu-
setts or Vermont, against the polling officer,
whatever his title may be, for denying to him
a right, and goes to a jury of his country for
damages. That is all the way men enforce
their right to vote in our own States. Then in
addition to that you proceed to punish the
officer by fine and by imprisonment ordinarily,
but not in this amendment, for violating the
law. Therefore, this section of punishment is
not offensive, or ought not to be offensive, to
the people of Nebraflca, because it being a part
of the paramount law, the condition on which
we create the State, we only punish the citizens
of the United States who choose to violate the
law.
Mr. W ADE. I do not suppose that the Sen-
ator wishes to put any more stringent pro-
vision into the constitution than the people of
Nebraska themselves would have put in it
probably if their attention had been called to
it. They would not have gone on with all the
provisions of a law making penalties on that
subject, but they would have declared proba-
bly that there never should be any discrimina-
tion on the subject of the franchise on account
of color or race. You would be willing to
trust that people with making their own penal
laws to • enforce a constitutional duty, I hope.
Let us not be over jealous about these things.
When you make it their duty, create it so in
their constitntion, you ought to have the char-
ity to believe that that people will enact a law
on the subject sufficient to enforce it; but when
you undertake to specify severe penalties and
force them on the people from the outset, it
does seem tome theymight think it was objec-
tionable. 1 think the other would be just as
well. I think we ought to trust the people with
that. When you have made it their absolute
duty to make a provision of law on that sub-
ject, who can doubt that they will do it?
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio whether it is his under-
standing, if this State should be admitted upon
the condition stated in this amendment and
the constitution sent back for ratification, as
that amendment provides, the Senators elect
in the mean time would have their seats on the
floor of the Senate?
Mr. WADE. There are two propositions
now pending—an amendment to the constitu-
tion and an amendment to that amendment.
One of them contemplates that it is to be sent
back and the people there are to pass upon it.
That is the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri. The amendment to that and the
one I have been speaking of, if I understand
it, only provides that they are accepted upon
the condition that they shall make no discrim-
ination, &c. That admits them at once. If
it is a constitutional provisiou it makes it abso-
lutely certain that they must assert it by penal
law, and they are admitted at once. There is
nothing else for them to do only to come in
and comply with the condition. The nature
of the condition is one subsequent, if I may say
so, instead of precedent. Then under that they
would be admitted at once, but it would be the
duty of the State to comply with the provision
we have ingrafted upon the constitution as a
condition. That is the way it stands. I have
no objection myself to its being inserted, be-
cause if it should not be strictly constitutional,
and I have ray scruples about it, if it is over
brought up before the courts to determine in
the last resort, and they should determine it to
be null and void, then we should have done all
we can do in that direction, and have harmed
nobody at any rate. On the other hand, if
they determine that it is our right to do such a
thing, then I would be glad to do it. That is
the way I view it; but of course my assenting
to it in that way amounts to no more than the
assent of any other Senator. I cannot commit
any part of the committee to it. I would not
resist it. If we can be harmonized on this
subject so that all can act together we shall
accomplish a very great point, even beyond
the bearings of this constitution itself.
Mr. POMBUOY. The Senator from Ver-
mont, in reply to a remark I made last evening,
in which 1 said I was embarrassed in voting on
this amendment on account of some previous
legislation of Congress, answers me by saying
that be thinks I would be equally embarrassed
if the State should present itself with a consti-
tution permitting or inaugurating slavery,
because in the organic act to which I referred
not only did the Legislature have the right to
people might vote it up or vote it down, but
they had the right of voting on it. The inference
was, that I would be embarrassed if I voted
against the admission of Nebraska, if it came
as a slave State; to which I reply in a word
that I should not feel that embarrassment for
this reason, and this is the very least of the
reasons, that I should offer, Congress has
repealed it; Congress repealed it before the
people of the Territory took any action on it
and acquired any rights under it. That is a
sufficient answer. In the legislation of 1854
they did establish it, but before any action was
had by the people of that Territory, in 1864
they said, in so many words, "Slavery or invol-
untary servitude shall be forever prohibited."
One part of this statute, therefore, has been
repealed by the power that made it and which
had the right to repeal it.
But how is it about voting and about the
qualifications for voting? In 1854 Congress
said that the people of this Territory in their
legislative capacity should prescribe the quali-
fications for voting. Then in 18G4, in the ena-
bling act, Congress declared—and I voted for
it with the other Senators—that the law of the
Territory should be the law of suffrage in form-
ing the State constitution. The reason why I
would not be embarrassed in the one case and
am embarrassed in the other is -simply this:
that in the one case the statute was repealed,
and it was wrong, even if it had not been re-
pealed ; and in the other case, the statute has
not only net been repealed, but it has been
reenacted.
Bat the real difference between the Senator
from Vermont and myself is this: I believe
Congress can admit States; he believes Con-
gress can create States. I do not believe Con-
gress can create a State any more than they
can create a world. The power never was
given to Congress to make States, but only to
admit them. Nebraska to-day is as much a
State as any other State not represented in
Congress. Nebraska to-day, without the ac-
tion of Congress, is as much a State as South
Carolina or Georgia or Alabama. It has got
boundaries; it has got a government, not rec-
ognized to be sure; it has got officers: and so
have Alabama and Georgia. They are all States.
That provision of the Constitution which pro-
vides that Congress may admit new States
means of course that they have got to be States
when admitted. They are not made States by
Congress. California was made a State before
it was admitted here; Congress did not make
it. It never had a territorial government.
Other States have been made. Vermont re-
mained a State for fourteen years before it was
admitted. Kansas was a State for years be-
fore it was admitted. The people, under the
legislation of Congress, make a State and then
afterward, when Congress recognizes it, it be-
comes a State in the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON. - With orwithout the legis-
lation of Congress?
Mr. POMEUOY. Y'cs, the people of a Ter-
ritory can make a State with or without the
legislation of Congress—not a State in the
LTnion, but a State outside of it; and it is to
be a State or else it cannot be admitted ; Con-
gress cannot make it.
The legislation contemplated by the Senator
from Vermont is. he says, the right to legislate
over the State by virtue of oiu eminent domain
and because we have got supreme authority.
That does not devolve in us the right to make
a constitution for a people. This proposition
proposes to amend their constitution in a way
not pointed out by the instrument itself. 1
contcml that the way to amend the constitution
