1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1659
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I withdraw my
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has accepted it, and it cannot be
withdrawn without his consent.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. One vote settles this whole
•question so far as this action is concerned. It
is made broadly, so as one vote shall settle it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. What
becomes of the amendments of the Committee
of Ways and Means which have not been acted
on?
The SPEAKER. They are cut off by the
operation of this resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire if the
vote to suspend the rules on the proposition
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania will de-
termine the whole question?
The SPEAKER. It does. If the rules are
suspended the Senate amendment will be con-
curred in as amended.
Mr. CHANLER. Is it in order to move to
divide the question?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. ANCONA. I wish to inquire whether
all action will be concluded upon all points;
that is to say, whether a committee of confer-
ence will have power to change any of the pro-
visions of the bill as fixed by the Senate and
as concurred in by the House if the rules are
suspended.
1 he SPEAKER. It will not. So far as the
Committee of the Whole have acted upon the
amendment of the Senate that action will
remain, but the remaining part of the Senate
amendment as concurred in by the House will
thereby be entirely removed from the action
of the committee of conference, except by the
unanimous consent of both Houses.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Illi-
nois desires me to say that he does not with-
draw his amendment.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I stand by my
amendment. I do not withdraw it.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, there were—yeas 102, nays
69, not voting 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Arnell.DelosR. Ash-
ley, James M.Ashley, Baldwin, Banks,Barker,Baxter,
Beaman,Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Boyer,
Brandegee, Broomall, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Eerry,
Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Har-
ding, Hart, Henderson, Higfty, Holmes, Hotehkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbell, Jen-ckes, Kelley, Keteham,
Koontz, J.ailin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, Mc-
Clurg, Mclndoe, MeKee, MeRuer, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Myers, Newell, O'Neill,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy,
Price, William H. Randall, Raymond, John H.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shella-
barger, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Strouse,
Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, War-
ner, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wcntworth,
Wfaaley, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—102.
NAYS—Messrs.Allison, Ancona, Anderson, Baker,
Benjamin, Bergen, Blow, Hromwcll, ('ampbcll. Chan-
ler, Cobb, Cook, Cooper, Cnllom, Dawson, Defrees,
Dodge, Bggleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Farijuhar, Finck,
Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hawkins,
Hayes, Hill, Hise, Hogan, Hooper, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Humphrey, Hunter, Julian, Kasson, Kelso, Kerr,
Kuykendall, Le Blond, Leftwich, Loan, Marshall,
Maynard, McCullough, Moulton, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Noell, Orth, Phelps, Radford, Ritter, Rogers,
Ross, Shanklin, Sloan, Stilwell, Taber, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Trimble, Andrew H. Ward, Henry D. Wash-
burn, James F. Wilson, Winfield, and Wright—69.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Culver, Denison, Driggs,
Dumont, Eckley, Farnsworth, Goodyear, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jones, Marston, Sam-
uel J. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rousseau, Sit-
greaves, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne,
and Windom—19.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
patent specifications.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House of the 7th ultimo, relative
to the contract for the printing of specifications
of patents; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, and ordered to be printed.
leave op absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for the remainder of the session for
Mr. Randall, of Pennsylvania, who was called
away on account of the death of his father-
in-law.
temporary tariff.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask leave to introduce
a joint resolution to increase temporarily the
duties on imports, which I send to the Clerk's
desk for consideration now.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be reported for information, after which the
Chair will ask for objections, if there are any.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, &c„ That from and after ten days from the
passageof this joint resolution there shall bo levied,
collected, And paid on all goods, wares, and mer-
chandise imported into the United States and now
subject to duty under existing laws, an additional
duty equal to one fifth or twenty per cent, of the
duties and rates of duties, including specific and ad
valorem rates, now imposed^ by law upon all such
goods, wares, and merchandise: Provided, That no
additional duty shall be levied, collected, or paid on
sugar, tea, coffee, salt, or coal.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of this resolution ?
Mr. WRIGHT and Mr. FINCK objected.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to suspend the
rules in order to enable me to offer this reso-
lution for action at this time.
Mr. FINCK. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to inquire whether
railroad iron is included in this resolution, so
that twenty per cent, will be added to the
duty upon it ?
Mr. MORRILL. I will modify my resolu-
tion so that railroad iron shall be among the
exceptions.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 95, nays 71, not voting 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Baxter,
Beaman, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Bran-
degee, Broomall, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarko, Conkling, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Hart, Hen-
derson, Higby, Holmes, Hotehkiss, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James
R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Jenckes, Kelley, Keteham,
Koontz, Lafiin, George V. Lawrence. William Law-
rence, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, McClurg, Mclndoe,
MeKee, MeRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Morris, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Paine, Patterson,
Perham, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, William H.
Randall, Raymond, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
field, Shellabarger, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Thayer,
Upson, Van Aernam^ Burt Van Horn, Hamilton
Ward, Warner, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wcntworth, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Win-
dom—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Aneona, Baker, Benjamin,
Bergen, BIow.Boyer, Bromwell, Campbell, Chanler,
Cobb, Cook, Cooper, Cullom, Dawson, Defrees, Du-
mont, Eggleston, Eliot, Finek, Glossbrenner, Aaron
Harding, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hawkins, Hayes,
Hill, Hise, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey,
Hunter, Julian, Kasson, Kelso, Kerr, Kuykendall,
Latham, Le Blond, Leftwich, Loan, Marshall, May-
nard, McCullough, Moulton, Niblack, Nicholson,
Noell, Orth, Phelps, Radford, Ritter, Rogers, Ross,
Shanklin. Sitgreaves, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridgo, Andrew
II. Ward, Henry D. Washburn, Whaley, James F.
Wilson, Winfield, and Wright—71.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Culver,
Denison, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Far-
quhar, Goodyear, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, In-
gersoll, Jones, Marston, Samuel J. Randall, Alexan-
der H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rousseau. Sloan, Spald-
ing, Stilwell, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, and Woodbridge—24.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. HALE. I desire to state that Mr.
Woodbridge, of Vermont, and Mr. Eldridge,
of Wisconsin, are absent from the House, in
attendance upon a committee of conference.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Farnsworth, of
Illinois, is also absent for the same reason.
tariff on wool.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to offer a joint
resolution, the substance of which I will state
in ordef to avoid the necessity for reading it;
it embraces the sections of the tariff bill, as
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
relating to wool and woolens, and nothing
else.
Mr. MORRILL. The House have already
acted upon that subject; a bill relating to it
was passed by this House, and is now pending
before the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
some time last session a bill was passed by this
House at the instance of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] in regard to wool and
woolens which has not yet been acted upon
in the Senate. The Chair does not remember
exactly the name of the bill; but probably the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] who is
now upon the floor, and who was a supporter
of the bill, can explain it to the House.
Mr. DELANO. The bill embraced so much
of the tariff bill as related to wool and woolens—
the tariff bill that passed this House at the last
session—and it is now before the Senate.
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill which has gone
to the Senate does not contain the words of
exception which are found everywhere running
through the sections of this bill, to wit, " ex-
cepting charges," and the use of which I look
upon as a contrivance by which wool may be
imported into this country without any duty at
all. Therefore, if this measure is to be offered,
I ask that the words "excepting charges" be
struck out.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for the regular order
of business.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the Senate
amendments to the Army bill (H. R. No. 112)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1868,
and for other purposes, be taken from the
Speaker's table and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill and joint resolu-
tion of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 175) to audit and
pay the claim of Tuller & Fisher of Missouri;
and
An act (H. R. No. 878) to quiet title to land
in the towns of Santa Clara and Petaluma, in
the State of California.
payment of government officers.
Mr. DELANO, from a committee of confer-
ence, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to House joint resolution No.322, prohibiting
payments by any officer of the Government to any
fierson not known to have been opposed to the rebel-
ion and in favor of its suppression, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses, that
the Senate recede from the first amendment, disa-
greed to by the House, and agree to the bill as passed
by the House, with the Senate other amendments.
C. DELANO,
JOHN B. ALLEY,
A. THORNTON,
Managers on the part of the House.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
GEORGE G. FOGG,
J. W. NESMITH,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. Is it in order to have that
bill reported ?
The SPEAKER. The House having agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
the bill is passed.
Mr. McKEE. I desire to make a remark in
regard to that bill. I understand that the com-
mittee of conference added a section to the
House bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not so stated in the
conference report. There was a single Senate
amendment to the bill, which the House re-
fused to agree to and which was referred to a
committee of conference. That committee
have reported; and, the Senate receding from
their amendment, when they adopted the re-
