1366.
ffif CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Nebraska is according to its own provisions
and not by an act of Congress. An act of
Congress put into this act of admission and
assented to by the Legislature cannot amend
a constitution in violation of it's own provisions.
I do not believe it would be worth the paper
that we consume in writing or printing it. If
this amendment ever has any validity at all, it
will be because it has been submitted to the
people and the people have ratified and adopted
it. Then it may become a part of the consti-
tution. I do not believe that this constitution,
when it was made by the territorial Legisla-
ture, had any virtue as a State constitution
until it was adbpted by the people. I do not
think any Legislature can make a constitutional
Ero vision binding unless it has .been made so
y virtue of the instrument itself or in har-
mony with our common law on the subject,
and that is submission to and adoption by the
people. I do not see any way to amend this
constitution except by sending it back to the
people. I can see very well how this proposi-
tion can be made a part of the constitution in
that way. It is on that account, not desiring
to send this constitution back to the people,
believing that there is no practical importance
in the question that is now raised, that I shall
vote for the admission of Nebraska exactly as
the bill has been reported by the committee
and without any amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not intend to speak
again on this bill, but I do not feel like suffer-
ing the final vote to be taken upon it without
paying some attention to the ground which has
been taken in the discussion by the Senator
from Vermont. If I understood the argument
and observations of the Senator rightly, his
principle is this: that under that clause of the
Constitution which declares that the Congress
may admit new States into this Union, it is
competent for Congress to annex as funda-
mental conditions any requirements that Con-
gress may see fit, and on the conscnt of the
people of the Territory to those conditions, if
they are declared to be irrevocable, without
the consent of Congress, they are to remain in
force as law forever, or so long as Congress
withholds its consent. I aim to state the pro-
position of the Senator fairly. If I fail to do
so I wish he would correct me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You have stated it ex-
actly.
Mr. HOWARD. Now, sir, I cannot under
any circumstances give my consent to that prin-
ciple. I do not believe Congress possesses such
a power. The power granted is simple and
plain; it is "to admit new States into this
Union.'' To admit new States into the Union
is to invest those States, of course, and neces-
sarily, with every power, every faculty, every
constitutional provision which pertains to any
of the States in the Union under the Constitu-
tion. It is to impart to the new States the
same rights of legislation, the same sovereign
power that belongs to the old States or to any
other States, for in. respect to political power
it is impossible, in the very nature of things,
that there should notbe a perfect equality among
the States.
If we may annex an irrevocable, fundamental
condition which is to underlie the constitution
of every new State that we admit, then I fore-
see consequences which will not be entirely
agreeable to the people of the United States.
Ex>r instance, if we may annex as a fundamental
condition that the black man shall have an
equal right to vote with the white man, we may
with equal propriety and with equal^ assertion
of law say that the whole population, male
and female, black and white, shall possess this
right, and we may incorporate it in the State
constitution in the' form of this so-called irre-
vocable condition, not to be repealed or altered
without the consent of Congress.
We may go further; we may declare that in
their constitution the people of the Territory
shall enact that real estate shall descend un-
equally to the heirs-at-law of a decedent; that
it shall descend entirely to the male heirs or
entirely to the female heirs; we may declare
that this constitution shall contain a clause
.prohibiting the resort to any legal proceedings
for the collection of debt, leaving every debt as
an obligation of honor, to be discharged ac-
cording to the sense of honor that may happen
to be entertained by the debtor. Indeed, we
may go through all the details of State policy,
State legisliation, and individual rights, as reg-
ulated by the constitutions of the States. Even
further than this, we may here in these Cham-
bers draft and enact not only a constitution
for the State which is contemplated to be ad-
mitted, but we may enact an entire code of
laws for the State, and for all its citizens and
all its inhabitants, organizing its courts of just-
ice, and making provision for every exigency
that arises in society under a State constitu-
tion | and we can go so far as to declare, ac-
cording to the argument of the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont, that the assent of the
people of the Territory to this State constitu-
tion formed here, to this code of laws formed
here, shall be irrevocable, without the consent
of Congress. What, then, becomes of State
rights? Why, sir, it is merely converting the
Congress of the United States into a manufac-
tory of new States and new State constitutions.
It denies to the people of the States almost all,
yes, all, substantially, of those original and
immemorial rights which have been exercised
by the people of the States ever since the disso-
lution of our connection with Great Britain.
Sir, I cannot vote for any such doctrine as
this, and I do not believe that this sweeping
principle, or rather claim, will ever meet the
approbation of the people of the United States.
I know it will never meet the sanction of that
great, patriotic, and loyal party in the country
whom we represent here. It is one of those
extreme ideas which cannot be of any value
if placed in the form of legislation, and if in
that form, can produce nothing but mischief
and that continually. I said yesterday, and I
repeat it to-day, that under the general terms
in which the power to admit new States is
granted in the Constitution, Congress may, if
it sees fit, annex conditions to the admission ;
that is, prescribe acts to be performed by the
people of the Territory before they become a
State; but after they have become a State they
have the same power over their internal affairs
which has ever been possessed by the people
of any and all the other States of the Union.
We cannot take away from them the right of
reforming and amending their own fundamental
law in any manner they may see fit, not incon-
sistent with the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am entirely willing that
my honorable friend from Michigan should
speak for his section of the great party to which
we belong. I will speak for mine. My section
of that great party has always believed in the
power of Congress under the Constitution,
making, under the Constitution, by its legisla-
tion, the supreme law of the land, which that
same Constitution declares shall be higher and
stronger than any State constitution or any
State laws in all cases in which the general
rights of the citizens of the United States, as
sueh citizens, are concerned; and I undertake
to say in reply to my honorable friend, speak-
ing for an humble but a somewhat older section
of that party than he represents, because I
believe Vermont got on the Republican plat-
form some considerable time before Michigan
did 
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will excuse
me. Michigan has the precedence by several
weeks. You were next in succession. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg to say that before
that gallant and capital State of Michigan was
born into this world the State of Vermont, by
her legislative resolutions on these subjects,
declared the very doctrines that I am contend-
ing for now.
Mr. HOWARD. The doctrines are old, but
not the party.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Whig party of the
State of Vermont traces a true and legitimate
descent in the regular and hereditary way into
the present Republican party. It is only a
change of names with us, and not of principles.
I do not know how it is in Michigan. I will
not undertake to say.
Now, to return to the question: my honora-
ble friend says that this power on our part-to
impose conditions when we create that corpo-
ration which is called a State; that is, when we
endow a society of men with eertain political
privileges of local government, does not exist*
for the reason that if itdid.it might be abused ;
that is to say, he says if we have this power we
have the power to say that females shall vote;
we have the power to say how real estate shall
descend ; and we have the power, in short, to
regulate the whole internal concerHs of the
State. I have been taught by an eminent jurist
of this country, a Virginian, too, whose name
was Marshall, once, I believe, the Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court of the United ^States—-I
have no doubt my honorable friend has heard
of him—that the fact that a power might be
abused was no argument whatever against the
existence of such a power.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will excuse
me for interrupting him. I deny the power.
A thing which does not exist cannot be abused.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is exactly what I
was saying. I stated the gentleman's position
to be exactly that; and the only reason-lie
gave,us—he may have some better one, but
the only one which he has honored us by stat-
ing—was the numerous instances of abuse
which it might lead to; and thus, in reply to
that, I have said that we have high authority,
if we need authority on sueh a question, for
saying that the fact that a power may be abused
is no argument at all against its existence.
My friend asks what would become of State
rights if Congress were to exercise powers of
this description? Let me reply by inquiring
what will become of State rights unless we
create these States? They have not any State
rights now. This constitution which is offered
to us is nothing but waste paper until we
breathe into it the breath of life by the power
of our legislative authority. It is the supreme
law of the land that we make under the Con-
stitution, which creates this State at all; and
I have been taught, in my little reading of law,
to suppose that the power to create implied
tho power to affix qualifications and conditions
in the act of that creation, which should follow
its life until it should terminate as an inherent
and inseparable part of its existence.
But my friend says, " What if these people do
not accept it? What then? Where are they?"
The same answer may be made when we create
any corporation. We endow a body of men
with corporate privileges. Suppose they do
not exercise them; suppose they do not accept
the boon which we offer to them; does that prove
that we have not the power to create the cor-
poration? Suppose they lapse; suppose they
become disorganized as the southern States
have; does that demonstrate that we have no
power to revitalize them upon other conditions
or to govern them in their disorganized condi-
tion under the paramount law of the land? My
friend voted with me for the civil rights bill,
which undertook to regulate private rights in
every State of the country, old and new; and
he voted for it, I suppose, as I did, under the
Constitution of the country which authorized
us, passing laws in accordance with that Con-
stitution, to see that they were executed upon
the citizens of every State. We arc not pass-
ing laws here for tho State of Nebraska in its
political capacity. We have no relations, or
very few indeed, with any State in its political
capacity. Those relations are all pointed out
explicitly and expressly in the Constitution
itself. But the relations of this national Gov-
ernment with the people of the State are per-
sonal and direct; and it is upon the_ people in
their individual and separate capacities as citi-
zens that the law operates. Ihereforc, if a
