1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE".
983'
ground of fraud. Here the committee propose
to limit this contestation to one year from th,e
time of the discharge. I think that is entirely
too short. If a bankrupt has been honest and
truthful in his proceedings in bankruptcy and
has obtained a discharge honestly and fairly,
ho has nothing to fear during the short period
of two years that should embarrass him in
reentering into any commercial business. On
the other hand, if he has been guilty of fraud
or falsehood in procuring his discharge, two
years is a period quite short enough within
which to allow the creditors to contest that dis-
charge and show the fraud and falsehood. I
hope the amendment will not be agreed to.
The question being put on the amend-
ment,
Mr. HOWE called for a division; and the
ayes were—6, and the noes 19; no quorum
voting.
Mr. HOWE. I give it up : I withdraw the
call for a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum present and voting.
Mr. POLAND. I think if the question be
put again it will be shown that there is a
quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
ascertains by actual count that a quorum of
the Senate is present.
Mr. HOWE. I do not insist upon a further
division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, then, will stand as disagreed to. The next
amendment of the committee will be reported.
The Secretary read the next amendment,
which was in sectior thirty-four, line thirty,
to strike out the words "and true" after
" proved."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirty-
six, to strike out the words " and not true,"
after " hot proved," in line thirty-five.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
seven, to strike out the words "of the sala-
ries." and insert "for the services."
Mr. POLAND. As the bill was originally
drawn, the registers had a salary given them.
As the bill now stands they are paid by fees,
so that this becomes a mere necessary verbal
alteration.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty, of sec-
tion forty-seven, to strike out "commission-
ers" and insert "judges."
Mr. POLAND. That is necessary in con-
sequence of an amendment already adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported by the committee have been
gone through with. The bill is still open to
amendment.
Mr. POLAND. Section forty-nine confers
jurisdiction under this act upon " the supreme
court of the-United States for the District of
Columbia." I believe there is no such court.
I move that the words "United States for"
be stricken out, so as to read "the supreme
court of the District of Columbia," which 1
believe is the name of the local court here.
The PRESIDING, OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. POLAND. In the next lino jurisdic-
tion is conferred upon "the district courts of
the several Territories." The local name of
these territorial courts is supreme courts. I
move, therefore, to strike out the word " dis-
trict" and insert "supreme."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose the following
amendment, to come in at t.he end of the last
section of the bill:
And provided further, That no proceedings in vol-
untary bankruptcy under this act shall dissolve or
affect the obligation of any existing contract or in-
debtedness.
Mr. POLAND. Perhaps we ought to un-
derstand the importance of this amendment
and not let it pass in silence. I hardly under-
stand the, amendment myself; but if I have
anything like a correct understanding of it, it
provides that this bill shall be prospective
merely ; have no effect upon existing debts and
contracts. That is a pretty important princi-
ple. I do not desire myself to enter into the
discussion ofit at all. Twenty-five years ago,
when the bankrupt law was passed in 1841, this
subject was discussed at very great length and
with very great ability at two or throe several
sessions of Congress before the bill was finally
passed, and at the session when it was finally
repealed. It was claimed, with great emphasis
and- earnestness at least, that a bankrupt bill
of this sort would be unconstitutional; that we
had no right to make it apply to existing
debts; but it was determined otherwise by
Congress in the passage of that bill, and that
principle was universally sustained by the courts
everywhere, so that it.is no longer open to this
objection of unconstitutionality.
As to tho question of expediency, it seems
to me there can be no doubt about it. If we
ar^to have a bankrupt law at all, is it not just
as necessary that men who are now laboring
under a mass of debt that they cannot pay1
should be discharged as that men should be
discharged from debts that accrue hereafter?
The question of constitutionality having been
settled beyond all question or cavil by the
thousand judicial decisions that were made
under the bankrupt law of 1841, it seems to
me that difficulty is entirely removed. And as
to its expediency, as to the rightfulness of it,
as to the propriety of the thing itself, there
can be no question in the mind of any man.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose to make
any speech in support of this amendment. I
am opposed to the enactment of any bankrupt
law made applicable to existing indebtedness.
I would support a bankrupt law to operate
prospectively, so that every man who makes a
contract can make it in reference to a bank-
rupt law in existence. Without undertaking
to say whether this part of the law which this
amendment is intended to affect is constitu-
tional or unconstitutional, I do not believe in
the justice of any such legislation. And as to
the necessity of the retrospective effect of this
law, I disagree very much with the honorable
Senator from Vermont^ According to the in-
formation I have, thercTiever has been a time
in the history of this country when there was
so little necessity for a bankrupt law as at this
time ; no time when tho people were so gen-
erally free from debt in the United States as
they arc at this time.
Mr. POLAND. Then it will not do any
harm to make it retrospective.
Mr. WILLIAMS. For that reason there is
no pressing necessity, as it seems, for a bank-
rupt law to operate upon existing indebtedness.
Doubtless there are very many persons who
will be greatly injured by the enactment of
this law. I am convinced that if the law is
enacted in its present shape its history will be
very much like the history of tho other bank-
rupt law: just as soon as an opportunity is
afforded, all the dishonest debtors of the coun-
try will avail themselves of the advantages of
the law, and all those who are honest and en-
deavoring to struggle along and pay their debts
will be deprived of its advantages; and the
conduct of the dishonest debtors will make tho
law so odious that it will be repealed, as the
other was, in a very short time, and tho real
benefits of the law will in that way be wholly
defeated.
I do not see why a prospective bankrupt
law could not bo enacted. I believe that was
the intendment of the men who made the Con-
stitution, that a bankrupt law should be made
to operate infuturo, that all legislation should
be such as to enable men when they make a
contract to know what the obligation and effect
of the contractis. I hope, sir, that this amend-
ment will be adopted. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the consideration of
this bankrupt bill I have felt disposed to fol-
low the committee in all their amendments, so
that if we are to have a bankrupt law we shall"
have one that has been carefully matured, care-"
fully considered, and well guarded to carry out
the intention of the framers of the law. It is
manifest that the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon is totally inconsistent with the
great body of the bill. If adopted, it is a
virtual defeat of the bill. The adoption of
this amendment will require of course the re-
commitment of the bill. I prefer to defeat
the bill by a direct vote rather than do it by
indirection. I think the gentleman who has
charge of this bill will admit that if this amend-
ment be adopted the whole bill must be re-
framed. The bill has been framed mainly to
apply to preexisting debts, and this clause is
entirely inconsistent with many sections of the
bill, so that it would notbefair>o vote in favor
of this amendment unless you want .to defeat
the bill by indirection.
My own course as to this bankrupt bill will
be guided somewhat by the plain and obvi-
ous public opinion of the State of Ohio. In
the. State of Ohio there is a strong prejudice
against a bankrupt bill. A part of that grows-
out of the fact that it is an agricultural com-
munity, and bankrupt laws are not favored
by agricultural and mechanical communities.
They are commercial measures', and they aro
only justified by tho fluctuations and losses in
commercial transactions. They are the growth
of the English system of commerce, and gen-
erally an agricultural community haye a strong
prejudice against a bankrupt law. A. part of
this prejudice in this case has grown out of the
abuses of the law of 1841, when men appar-
ently wealthy suddenly took the benefit of the
bankrupt law, discharged themselves from all
their liabilities, and soon after became rich
again, and sometimes honest creditors saw the
debtors who had been discharged by the bank-
rupt law rolling in wealth, while they them-
selves in some cases were suffering the pangs
of poverty. The remembrance of that trans-
action, which was before my time, undoubtedly
prejudices the public mind against a bankrupt
law.
But rather than that I have the best evidence
that the public sentiment of the State of Ohio
is against it from the action of the Legislature
two years ago when this very bill, or one sim-
ilar in character, was introduced into Congress.
The Legislature of Ohio with great unanimity
then instructed the Senators from that State to
vote against, it. While I do not feel bound by
legislative instructions, while I do not regard
myself as compelled to obey the wishes of the
Legislature if inconsistent with the duty which
I owe to myself and my position, I yet pay
great respect to the views of the Legislature as
an evidence of the public sentiment of the
State ; and I always do respect that expression,
especially when I am convinced that the Legis-
lature expresses the sentiments of the people
of the State, as is the case on this matter. I
shall feel bound, therefore, to vote against this
bill; but in doing so I am desirous to promote
all proper amendments to the bill and to see
it consistent, so that if passed against my own
judgment it may be a bill creditable and uni-
form and consistent throughout.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator if he feels bound to vote against a bill
operating prospectively? Suppose this amend--
ment should be adopted and the bill should be
recommitted to the committee and they should
prepare a bill in accordance with the instruc-
tions which the adoption of this amendment
would involve, would he feel bound to vote
against it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would bo bet-
ter at once to recommit the bill. It would not
be fair to defeat it in this way. If the amend-
ment were adopted, as a matter of course the
gentleman having charge of the bill would at
once move its recommitment. If the Senator
desires to recommit it on the ground that he
will not vote for anything but a prospective
bill, he had better make a motion to recom-
mit expressly with those instructions.
