1660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Eort of the committee of conference, the bill
ad passed, and the adoption of the report by
the House was merely a formal matter.
tariff on wool again.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to know whether
my resolution has yet been received by the
House ?
The SPEAKER. It has not
Mr KASSON. I understand that the bill
referred to by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] is not this bill. This is the bill as
it comes from the Committee of Ways and
Means. I hope it will pass; and I move_ to
suspend the rules for the purpose of passing
the bill as reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. ROSS. It will be read first, I suppose?
The SPEAKER. It will if the motion to
suspend the rules should prevail; the bill will
then be before the House for its consideration.
Mr. KASSON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KASSON. I will say that the joint
resolution I desire to introduce is an extract
from the tariff bill as reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not; a motion to
suspend the rules is not debatable.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 90, nays 64, not voting
36; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Banks, Barker, Baxter. Beaman, Bingham,
Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Broomall. Buekland,
Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cullom,
Darling, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Dumont,
Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale,
Abner C. Harding, Hart, Higby, Hill, Holmes,
Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell, Huiburd, Jenckes, Julian, Kas-
son, Kelley, Ketcham. Koontz, Laflin, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Longyear,
Marvin, McClurg, Mclndoe, McKee, MeRuer,Mer-
eur, Morris, MouLton, Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William
H. Randall, John H. Rice, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer,
Schenck, Seofield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding,
Starr, Stokes, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Henry D. Wash-
burn, Welker, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
and Windom—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anoona, Baker, Bald-
win, Bergen, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell, Campbell,
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawes,
Dodge, Eggleston, Eliot, Glossbrenner, Aaron Har-
ding, Harris, Hawkins, Hogan, Hooper, Edwin N.
Hubbell, Humphrey, Hunter, Kelso, Kerr, Le Blond,
Leftwieh, Loan, Lynch, Marshall, McCullough, Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Morrill, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson,
Noell, Radford, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers, Shank-
lin, Sitgreaves, Stevens, Strouse, Taber, Nathaniel
<t. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble. Andrew H.
Ward, Warner, William B. Washburn, Whaley, Wil-
liams, and W right—64.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
Benjamin, Bidwell, Cook, Culver, Dawson, Denison,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridge, Farnsworth.
Finck, Goodyear, Hayes, Henderson, Hise, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jones,
Kuykendall, Marston, Maynard, Phelps, Plants,
Samuel J. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, Rousseau,
Stilwell, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne,
Wentworth, Winfield, and Woodbridge—36.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MORRILL said: I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair, upon the answer to which
my vote will depend. I desire to know if the
rales are suspended and this joint resolution
is introduced, and the House then refuse to
second the call for the previous question, can
I move, as a substitute for that joint resolu-
tion, the proposition to lay a general increase
of tariff of twenty per cent. ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion, and would so rule, that if the joint resolu-
tion proposed by the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Ivasson] is introduced under a suspen-
sion of the rules, it being a joint resolution in
relation to the tariff on wools and woolens, it
would not be in order to move any amendment
to it not germane to the subject embraced in
the bill; otherwise an entire tariff bill might
be put on it by way of amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. Then as a bill has already
passed the House and been sent to the Senate,
in relation to the tariff on wool, I cannot vote
for any humbug like the one proposed by my
free-trade friend from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson.]
I therefore vote "no."
Mr. MOORHEAD. Under the ruling of
the Chair I vote "no."
Mr. SCHENCK. Going it blind, I vote
"ay-" [Laughter.]
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the House, pursuant to order,
took a recess until half past seven o'clock
p. m.  
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
navigation of mississippi river.
The SPEAKER laid before the House reso-
lutions of the Board of Trade of St. Louis,
relative to the improvement of the Rock Island
and Des Moines rapids in the Mississippi river;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
homesteads in southern states.
Mr. JULIAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and call up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the House recommitted to the
Committee on Public Lands House bill No.
1183, amendatory of an act for the disposal of
the public lands for homestead actual settle-
ments in the States of Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
recommit the bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I withdraw the motion to
recommit, and ask that the bill be put upon
its passage at this time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It provides
that the act of Congress entitled "An act for
the disposal of the public lands for homestead
actual settlements m the States of Alabama,
Mississippi, Lousiana, Arkansas, and Florida,"
approved June 21, 1866, be so amended that
hereafter any person applying for the benefit of
said act shall be required to make oath that he
has not borne arms against the United States
or given aid and comfort to its enemies.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would inquire who are
the persons who are to receive the benefits of
this act?
Mr. JULIAN. Any persons who may apply
for land under it to the extent of eighty acres.
Mr. LE BLOND. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of this bill.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 9, noes 51; not one fifth voting in the
affirmative.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. ANCONA called fortellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken ; and there were—
ayes thirteen ; not one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were refused; and tiie yeas and
1 nays were not ordered.
! Mr. KASSON. If the gentleman from In-
; diana [Mr. Julian] will yield to me for a
i moment, I desire to make a single remark.
J I understand that the bill provides for allow-
; ing homesteads upon waste land in the southern
, States to persons who can take the oath of
loyalty. I wish to say to my friend from Indi-
ana that I think he proposes to extend this
exclusion further than it has ever been ex-
tended heretofore. It seems to me that we
ought to allow to every man who is willing and
able to work the opportunity to go upon waste
lands and earn his living. I hardly' see the
propriety of debarring a man who has been a
rebel from the opportunity to earn his own
bread by the sweat of his brow. If this is the
effect of the bill it seems to me open to objec-
tion. I hope that my friend will not press it
without at least some debate, so that we may
understand the terms of the bill in this respect.
Mr. JULIAN. The proposition before the
House is to extend the operation of the home-
stead law over the southern States. The
homestead law of 1862 requires an oath of
loyalty on the part of any man who enters
land under it. This bill proposes that the same
principle which has been applied to the North
shall be extended to the South. In other
words, as between those who have been loyal
to the Government and those who have been
rebels in arms against it the bill discriminates
in favor of the former.
Mr. KASSON. May I ask my friend whether
it is quite correct to say that the bill discrim-
inates in favor of those who have been loyal ?
The lands are open to all. The loyal men will
get them under any arrangement. The effect
of the bill, it seems to me, is not discrimina-
tion in their favor, but an exclusion of men
who have been in the rebel service.
Mr. JULIAN. The effect of the bill will
be to prefer loyal to disloyal men, as between
those two classes; and I think that we ought
thus to discriminate.
Mr. KASSON. I should have no objection
to declaring that in case of two applications
for the same piece of land the loyal man should
have the preference. But the bill in its pres-
ent form proposes the complete exclusion of
j every man who has been disloyal.
Mr. JULIAN. I will state to the gentleman
that in the whole extent of territory covered
by this bill there is not land enough for the
loyal men of the South, and I prefer that loyal
men should have so much as there is. As mat-
ters stand now, the fact is notorious that loyal
men are excluded by the disloyal throughout
the South. I desire, as far as possible, to pre-
vent this.
Mr. FINCK. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Indiana whether he proposes to
except from this exclusion those who have been
pardoned by the President's proclamation?
Mr. JULIAN. The bill makes no exception
of that kind.
Mr. FINCK. Will the gentleman allow an
amendment of that kind to be inserted in the
bill?
Mr. JULIAN. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. I demand the previous question on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. FINCK. I move to lay the bill on the
table, and on that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 26, nays 90, not voting
74; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Campbell, Chan-
ler, Cooper, Dawson, Finck, Glossbrenner, Good-
year, Aaron Harding, Hawkins, Hise, Hogan, Edwin
N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Kerr, Le Blond, Leftwieh,
MeRuer, Nicholson, Ritter, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Taber, Trimble, and Andrew H. Ward—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell,
Boutwell, Brandegee. Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cullom,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Dumont, Eggleston,
Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry, Grinnell, Griswold, Hayes,
Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hui-
burd, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Koontz, Kuy-
kendall, Laflin, Latham, William Lawrence, Long-
year, Marvin, McCIurg, McKee, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Myers, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Plants, William
H. Randall. John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Seo-
field, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,AVelker, Went-
worth, Whaley, Williams, Stephen 1. Wilson, and
Windom—90.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Benjamin, Bingbam,
Blaine, Blow, Boyer, Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Cook,
Culver, Delano, Deming, Denison, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Garlield, Hale, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hart,
Henderson, Asahel W. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jones, Kelso, lvetcham, George
V. Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Marston,May-
nard, McCullough, Mclndoe, Moulton, Newell, Nib-
li lack, Noell, Phelps, Pomeroy, Price, Radford, Sam-
