984-
TH® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
I might say that thgne is another opposi-
tion to this hill from the commercial- cities—
Cincinnati for example. _ Most of the letters
I receive, in regard- to this bill, are either from
persons who desiro to ayail themselves of its
benefits or persons in Cincinnati who are
creditors. They.-claim that, by this bill, their
debtors in the southern States 'will be dis-
charged—that tie property of the southern
States, now; greatly reduced in value, will bd
thrown suddenly upon the market by bank-
rupts, and that they will be paid off with noth-
ing ; that they are substantially excluded; by
public opinion from becoming purchasers of
property in the southern States, and that
there is great danger that they-may lose all
chance of recovering their debts if this bill
becomes a law, Now they are able, by com-
promises and adjustments, to get some por-
tion of their debts, but their impression is
that if this law passes, which must be uniform
in its operation, _ the little property that is in
the hands of their debtors in. the South will be
suddenly thrown into the market and sold at
the present depreciated prices, and they de-
feated in the collection of their debts.
These considerations will induce me to vote
against the bill on its passage. At the same
time I shall vote against any amendment that
would embarrass the bill or make it inconsist-
ent with itself.
Mr. POLAND. What has been said by the
honorable^ Senator from Ohio in reference to
the objections-to this bill, and especially those
growing out of the fact of the indebtedness of
the South to the North, has not very much
connection with this amendment that is moved
by the Senator from Oregon.
Now, Mr. President, in consequence of the
fact of my having been the organ of the Judi-
ciary Committee to report this bill to the Senate
at the last session, I have been made the object,
the victim almost, of an immense correspond-
ence upon the subject of this bankrupt law;
and so far as I have been able to discover who
arc the most anxious and the roost desirous for
the passage of this bankrupt bill, it is northern
creditors of southern debtors. With the single
exception of ono gentleman in Philadelphia,
who has got a southern debt that ho fears he
will lose, the universal expression to me of all
that class of persons, so far as I have any
knowledge of it, has been that their only chance
of getting pay from southern debtors was by
the passage of a bankrupt law.
They say that the property in the Sout.li is
almost entirely in land; it is owned in large
quantities, large tracts by persons \vho are
largely .in debt; that the owners of this land
arc the persons who control the State legisla-
tion and the State courts; they are the persons
whose influence procures the stay laws; they
are the porsons who control in reference to the
State courts the sentiments, judgments, and
opinions of those courts. The say that the only
chance for them to collect anything off their
southern debtors is to have a. bankrupt law
passed that will enable them to bring those
debtors into the United States courts and to
lay hold of this land and divide it up. And I
may say in connection with this subject that
our loyal friends throughout the South, a very
large number of whom have written to me on
this subject,, regard this as one of the most
*> beneficial measures for them. The universal
sfentimcnt among the loyal people of the South,
the real loyalists so far as I have been able to
discover it in my_ correspondence, and it has
been quite extensive, is that as a mere meas-
ure or reconstruction, as a measure of settle-
merit-, as a measure to put things upon a proper
South, nothing would be so ben-
eficial to them as the passage of a bankrupt law.
.And in reference to the sentiment of northern
creditors on this subject, the great-massof the
southern debt is m the northern cities, and I
believe every city of the North unless it be the
city of Cincinnati, through the boards of trade,
through every organ of the creditor interest of
those cities where the great mass of southern
indebtedness is held, has given expression to a
universal and almost unanimous opinion in
favor of the passage of a bankrupt law. S.o
that this class of persons who it is feared arc
going to be injured .by the passage of a bank-
rupt law, in consequence of their holding debts
against, the South, are ipore clamorous for its
passage than even the persons who desire tt>
take the advantage of it themselves.
Mr. JOHNSON-. My information is of the.
same character with that stated by the honor-
able member from Vermont; and if I had not
been s.o informed, reasoning on what I- know-
must be the condition of the South, I should
have come to the same, conclusion myself. The
difficulty mentioned by the honorable member
from Ohio does not exist in point of fact in the-
first place; at least I am so told. A northern
creditor can sue in the local courts and get judg-
ment and get his process with as much facility
as any southern creditor, if there be southern,
creditors; and he can make his money out of
the assets, whatever they maybe, of his debtor
just as soon as any other creditor. But that is
not the difficulty in which the northern cred-
itor would be placed. These gentlemen own
large estates; they are now comparatively val-
ueless. Most of them were in debt when the
war commenced; they are of course in debt
still, and their negroes have "been emanci-
pated, their lands have been desolated be-
cause of the war, and they have now no means
at all of cultivating them to advantage. The,
result is that- they, sell their lands to different
purchasers.' The debtor of to-day who owns a-
thousand acres.is forced to-morrow to sell,
and the next day perhaps he only owns one
hundred acres, if he owns any, if he does not
sell all. There being no bankrupt law, that
places what would have been assets, and will
be assets if you pass this bill, out of the reach
of the creditor; he cannot follow the lands into
the hands of a purchaser under the bankrupt,
thero bping no existing bankrupt act.
But that is not all. The local creditor may
sue, or the northern creditors may sue, such
of them as think proper to sue, and he who
sues first gets his judgment first, gets his ex-
ecution first, and then the property is sold to
satisfy his debt, and it often sells for not more
than enough to satisfy that debt. I saw a
statement the other dav, showing the destitu-
tion of the South an# how completely their
property was rendered valueless, of the sale
of a sugar plantation that had been purchased
a few years ago at $225,000; I suppose there
were some slaves upon it. It was bought in
the other day at a compulsory sale at $25,000.
If the bankrupt law had been in force that
estate would have gone into the hands of the
assignee, and he could have husbanded the
estate from time to time until eventually what
inured only to the benefit of the creditor suing,
to the extent of $25,000, might have brought
$200,000 and gone to the payment of all the
debts.
I look upon the bill, therefore, as effecting
two things, effecting one just as completely as
it does the other, and both of them very proper
objects. The first is, that it enables the cred-
itor to secure at once against the debtor and
against rival creditors the assets of his debtor;
and the other is, that it enables the debtor to
escape the thralldom of debt.
Mr. POMEROY. I have thought that per-
haps there has been no time in the history of
the country when a bankrupt law would be so
generally sustained as now. During this whole
war there has been an impression and a belief
that at its close a bill of this character would
be necessary and would be sustained. I know
that so far as relates to the States bordering
on the rebellion their business men have been
destroyed, to a great extent, by raids, by ma-
rauding parties taking their goods and destroy-
ing their property. This Government cannot
reimburse them, whether the damage was done
by the Union or the rebel armies. The Gov-
ernment cannot make good the illegal acts of
its own forces, and never undertakes to repair
damages done by the rebel army. If we intend
to afford any relief to the men who have been
thus circumstanced, there is no course left to
us- but to pass a bankrupt law and relievo them
in that way if we would have them again enter
upon the trades, occupations, and business,
which they have, followed.
As to the, objection suggested by the Senator
from Ohio,."which-.he thinks will be made by
that classt of men ip the North who trade with
the South, I have only, to say that I do not,
believe- it -will- make much difference to them
whether this-bill becomes a law or not. If
twenty-five years experience of trading with
the South has not. taught them, anything, they
will not be apt to learn it in the future. There
never has-been a time for- many years past
when a man from the North could enforce the
collection of a debt there, unless he was of.
that standing and character" which enabled
him to- have friends and supporters there.
have been associated with men who could not/
appear in the courts there, men who believed
as I do. There has been no time in twenty,
years past, or £t least within the past ten years,
when they could collect a debt there at all.
There may be exceptions, but this has been
the general rule ; and if men persist in selling
goods in that direction let them take all the
risks. I have no objection to their-doing it,
but they must take the risks. I noticed that,
in St. Louis as soon as the rebellion closed
large quantities of goods were shipped South
on short time. During the war they had been,
selling goods for cash, if they sold at all; but
at its close they commenced selling on thirty,
or ninety days credit, and I happen to know
that in very many cases these short bills went
to protest and the time was extended and ex-
tended, but they are not collected yet. It is
only the old experience of twenty years that
has been reenacted over again.
Sir, I do not think that a bankrupt law of
this character will ultimately work any injury
to the community at large, though it may for a
time to individuals. I shall vote against this
amendment because I follow the recommenda-
tion of the committee, believing that if they
have not matured this bill it cannot be per-
fected by an individual amendment, especially
if it is an amendment that requires the reor-
ganization of the whole bill. I can see very
many reasons why a law of this kind should
not be retrospective; but at the same time,
coming out of this war as we have done, try-
ing to wipe out what we cannot cure, I am for
passing this bill and letting us see its results.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to submit a
motion that the bill be recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary with instructions
to report a bill on the subject of bankruptcjr
with provisions as follows:
I. That no person shall be authorized to
become a voluntary bankrupt except on the
conditions following:
First. He shall relinquish all his property
to the assignee in bankruptcy for the benefit of
his creditors, regardless of State exemptions,
except a specified amount not to exceed in
value $500.
Second. His indebtedness provable under-
the act must amount to at least $1,500.
Third. The assets shall pay at least thirty
per cent, of any debt existing at thte time of
the passage of the act, or otherwise the same
shall not be discharged unless a majority of the
creditors consent.
Fourth. No debt contracted or accruing
after the passage of the act shall be discharged
by certificate in cases of voluntary bankruptcy
unless the assets shall have paid fifty per cent,
of the amount proved.
Fifth. All future acquisitions of the bank-
rupt, obtained by descent, devise, bequest, or
m the course of distribution, shall be subject
to the payment of his former debts.
Sixth. No debt shall be discharged unless it
be specified in the original or supplementary
schedule of the debtor or presented for proof
by the creditor.
II' ^n7°^uPtary bankruptcy shall be subject
to the following restrictions:
Firsk The petitioning creditors seeking, to
