1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
uel J. Randall. Raymond. Alexander H. Rice,
Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Schenck, Stevens, Stil-
well, Stokes, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson
Taylor, Thornton, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, James F. Wilson, Win-
iield, Woodbridge, and Wright—74.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
During the vote,
Mr. CONKLING stated that Mr. Wood-
bhii>ge, Mr. Farnsworth, and Mr. Eldridge
were absent attending a committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Rice, was detained at home
by illness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. HILL. The word " voluntarily" should
be inserted, so as to refer to those who volun-
tarily bore arms.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time so that a motion
to amend will be in order.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the
House that that body insisted on its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House to House bill
No. 1039, making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
Department and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year end-
ing June 30, 1868, and requested a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
and had appointed Mr. Henderson, Mr. Mor-
rill, and Mr. Sherman managers of said con-
ference on its part.
HOMESTEADS IN SOUTHERN STATES—AGAIN.
The question recurred on the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being taken, it was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. Now that the bill is open
again for amendment, I wish to say there were
men who were conscripted into the rebel ser-
vice who seized the first opportunity to escape
into our lines. A regiment I understand was
in our service, commanded by an honorable
member from Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes,] which
was made up almost entirely of such conscripts.
I move to insert after the word "not" the
word "voluntarily," so as to provide for those
who were forced into the rebel service. At
the end of the bill I also move to add the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That said oath shall not be required of
any person who during the late war enlisted in the
military or naval service of the United States, and
who shall have been honorably discharged therefrom.
Mr. JULIAN. There may be those who
were honorably discharged from our service
and went into the rebel service afterward.
Mr. KASSON. There must have been few
of them; but I will add—
And not thereafter have rendered any aid or com-
fort to the rebellion.
Mr. JULIAN. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. FINCK. I hope gentlemen will also
include those who were pardoned by the Pres-
ident.
Mr. JULIAN. I cannot yield for any such
purpose.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Kasson's amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read a third time.
The House divided on the passage of the
bill; and there were—ayes 64, noes 33.
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 30, not vot-
ing 63; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnell, James
M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham,
Blaine, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom,
Darling. Davis, Defrees, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Du-
mont, Eliot, Farquhar, tiriswold, Hawkins, Hayes,
Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Chester D. Ilubbard,
Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,Hulbnrd.Jenckes,
Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Koontz, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin,
Maynard, McClurg, Mclndoe, McKee, McRucr, Mer-
cur.Miller, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers.Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy,
Price, William H. Randall, Rollins. Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stokes,
Thayer. Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trow-
bridge.Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Vanllorn, Hamil-
| ton Ward, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, WilliamI!.
Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Stephen
[I F. Wilson,and Windom—97.
11 NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Campbell, Chan-
I ler, Cooper, Dawson, Finck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
! Aaron Harding, Hise, Hogan, Edwin N. Hubbell,
1 Humphrey, Kerr, Kuykendali, Latham, Le Blond,
I Leftwiuh, Marshall, Niblack, Nicholson, Ritter,
! Shanklin, Sitgreaves Taber, Trimble, Andrew H.
■ I Ward, Winfield, and Wright—30.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Baldwin, Barker, Benjamin, Bidvvell, Blow, Bout-
well, Boyer, Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Culver, Dawes,
Deming, Denison, Donnelly, Drigg3, Eckley, Eggles-
ton, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fern", Garfield, Grinnell,
Hale, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hart, Henderson,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, James 11. Hubbell,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jones, Kasson, Ketcham, Laflin,
Marston, McCullough, Moorhead, Noell, Patterson,
Phelps. Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau,
Stevens, Stilwell, Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nel-
son Taylor, Thornton Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B.
Washburne, Williams, James F. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—63.
So the bill was passed.
COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent
of the House that to-morrow evening at half
past seven o'clock the Committee on Public
Lands shall have half an hour for the purpose
of reporting a very important bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had disagreed to the amendment
of the House to Senate bill No. 534, to provide
for the allotment of the members of the Supreme
Court among the circuits, and for the appoint-
ment of a marshal for the circuit.
BANKRUPT BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House pro-
ceed to business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the message of the
Senate, insisting upon its amendments to the
bankrupt bill and asking for a committee of
conference.
Mr. JENCKES. I move that the House in-
sist upon its disagreement and reciprocate the
request of the Senate for a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the bill on
the table, and on that I call the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes seventeen.
Mr. FINCK. I demand tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Finck and Jenckes.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes twenty-eight.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was t^ken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 65, nays 73, not voting
52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Arnell, Baker, Bingham,
Blaine, Bromwell, Broomall, Campbell, Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb, Cook,Cullom, Dawson, Defrees, Delano,
Dumont, Eldridge-Finck, Garfield, Aaron Harding,
AbnerC. Harding, Hawkins, Hayes,Hill, Hise, Ches-
ter 1 >. Hubbard, Julian, Kelst>, Kerr, Koontz, Kuy-
kendali, George V. Lawrence,William Lawrence, Le
Blond, Leftwich, Loan, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Clurg, McKoe, Mercur, Miller, Morrill, Moulton,
Niblack, O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Stents,
Price, William H. Randall, Ritter, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenck, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Stevens, Stokes,
Andrew H. Ward, William B. Washburn, Welker,
James F. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—65.
NAYS—ilessrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Banks, Barker, Beaman, Bergen, Bidwell,
Brandegee, Buckland, Chanler, Conkling Cooper,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Deming. Dixon, Dodge, Eliot,
larnsworth,Ferry, Goodyear, Griswold, Hale,Higby,
Holmes, Hooper, Demas Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, Hulbnrd, Humphrey, Hunter,
Jenckes, Kasson, Kelley, Ketcham, Lailin, Latham,
Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, Mclndoe, McRuer, Moor-
head, Morris, Newell, Pomeroy, Radford, John H.
Rice, Scofield, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Spalding, Taber,
, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L.
! Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward, Warner, Henry D.
Washburn, Wentworth, Windom, Woodbridge, and
Wright—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R.Ash-
i ley, Baldwin, Baxter, Benjamin, Blow, Boutwell,
Boyer, Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Culver, Denison, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Farquhar, Gloss-
brenner, Grinnell, Harris, Hart, Henderson. Hogan,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Ilubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Ingersoll, Jones,Marston,McCullough, Myers, Nich-
olson, Noell,Orth, Paine, Phelps, Samuel J.Randall,
Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, Rogers, Ross, Rous-
seau, Starr. Stilwell, Strouse. Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Whaley, Williams, and Winfield—52.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. PAINE stated that he was paired with
!j Mr. Rice, of Massachusetts, who would voto
'i "no;" he [Mr. Paine] would vote "ay."
Mr. EGGLESTON stated that he had paired
with Mr. Driggs, who would vote
lie
[Mr. Eggleston] would vote "ay."
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Jenckes for a committee of conference, and
it was agreed to; and Messrs. Jenckes, Dawes,
and Dawson were appointed on the part of
the House.
RELIEF OF GOVERNMENT CONTRACTORS.
Mr. SLOAN submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 220) for
the relief of certain contractors for the construction
of vessels-of-war and steam-machinery having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses,
as follows:
That tho Senate agree to the House amendment,
with the following amendments:
After the word "same" in the fourth line insert
the words "under contracts made after the 1st day of
May, 1861, and prior to the 1st day of January, 1864."
Add to the House amendment the following amend-
ments :
Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy, nnder
the resolution, shall investigate the claim of W. H.
Webb for constructing the steamer Dunderburg, ap-
plying the provisions of this resolution in such inves-
tigation, except that proper consideration shall be
fiveil to the increased cost incurred by said Webb
y reason of any alteration in the plans and specifi-
cations for the Dunderburg made during the prog-
ress of the work, whether such alterations were pro-
vided for in the original contract or not, when payment
for the same was not embraced in the contract price.
J. C. SLOAN,
C. DELANO,
Managers on the part of the House,
T. A. HENDRICKS,
II. B. ANTHONY,
W. T. WILLEY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. SLOAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUPREME COURT.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent that the House take up the message
last received from the Senate in regard to Sen-
ate bill No. 534, to provide for the allotment
of the members of the Supreme Court among
the circuits, and for the appointment of a
marshal for the Supreme Court.
No objection being made, the message was
taken up. The Senate had disagreed to tho
amendment of the House.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
House insist upon its amendment, and ask for
a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs.
Wilson, of Iowa, Williams, and Radford
were appointed conferees on the part of the
House.
GOVERNMENT PROPERTY AT CAMP CHASB.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendment of the
