1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
985
obtain a judgment of bankruptcy must repre-
sent and establish against the alleged bankrupt
an indebtedness not less than $1,500.
Second. A specified amount of property not
to exceed $1,000 shall be exempt from the
proceedings, in favor of the head of a family,
and not to exceed f>500 }n other cases.
Third. Subsequent acquisitions, as in the case
of involuntary bankruptcy, obtained by devise,
descent, bequest, or in the coarse of distribu-
tion, shall be subject to the payment of dis-
charged debts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri to recommit the bill with these instruc-
tions.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I inquire whether that
motion is in order at this time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER'. Certainly.
A motion to recommit supersedes a motion to
amend.
Mr. HENDERSON. I shall not take up the
time of the Senate in discussion ; but I suppose
that this proposition presents a test vote. It
may be that a majority of the Sonate do not
agree with me in my views in referenoe to this
matter; and I admit that if the bill be recom-
mitted it will be perhaps the end of it for this
session. If it be not recommitted, possibly it
would be as well to perfect it and pass it at once,
as we have but little time.
My view is that it is inexpedient and improper
to pass any bankrupt law at present. I am
rather inclined to think that our experience
upon the subject has demonstrated that there
is no necessity for any law of this character.
Anyhow, no bankrupt law that has been passed
by Congress has given satisfaction to the peo-
ple. The first law that was adopted (in 1800)
was continued in force only five years. It was
repealed within a few years after its passage.
The act of 1841 was repealed by the same Con-
gress which passed it. The act was passed in
August, 1841, and repealed in March, 1843. It
was in force but a short time.
This bill is a much more sweeping act than
either of those laws. It will be remembered
that the act of 1800 followed the English rule
of bankruptcy, the rule which was in force
when our Constitution was adopted, which I
apprehend the framers of the Constitution had
reference to when they declared that Congress
should have power to pass uniform laws on the
subject of bankruptcy. In England at that
time there was no such thing as voluntary
bankruptcy. It was all involuntary. No man
had a right to go into court and make a sched-
ule of bis debts and pray for a judgment of
discharge from his indebtedness, either the in-
debtedness existing at the time or that which
might be contracted subsequently. It was all
involuntary or coerced bankruptcy. The act
of 1841, although it provided for voluntary
bankruptcy, had many provisions which were
much better than the provisions of this bill,
because it did not permit every individual, or
almost every individual, no"matter what- might
be his indebtedness, to pray for a discharge;
but this act provides that any man who owes
$300 of indebtedness may apply.
I apprehend that the State laws in almost
every State of the Union grant $300 exemp-
tion. Hence the effect will be that parties who
own $300 worth of property and perhaps owe
three or four hundred dollars of indebtedness,
instead of dividing that property among their
creditors, will present a petition to the district
court for a discharge ana use up that money in
the payment of costs and fees and charges in
procuring a bankrupt's certificate, instead of
dividing the money among honest creditors.
My experience is that where a debtor has given
evidence of his honesty and his intention to pay
his debts there is but little trouble in procuring
a third or a half in value of the creditors at any
time to agree to release him. Hence, if the
bill should be passed, I am clearly of the im-
pression that some amendment such as that
offered by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] ought to be adopted if it is made to
apply to debts already existing.
_ It is true that by the Constitution there is no'
limitation on our discretion in that respect as
there is in regard to the States. Congress
cannot pass an ex post facto law, bat it may
pass a law impairing the obligation of con-
tracts. The Constitution provides that the
States shall not pass laws impairing the obli-
gations' of contracts. Hence it is utterly im-
possible for a State to pass a law operating
upon present or existing contracts and dis-
charging individuals from them. It has been
so decided and settled. What was it that in-
duced the Convention to adopt a provision of
that sort? The simple idea that prevailed in
regard to ex post facto laws, that laws of that
character are unjust within themselves. Par-
ties make a contract in view of the existing
law, and therefore it should not be interfered
with. It has been decided by the Supreme
Court, in the case referred to by the Senator
from Maryland, that the States may discharge
from contracts entered into after the passage
of an insolvent law.
Mr. JOHNSON. As between their own
citizens.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir. Now, the
idea of the Convention in the adoption of
this provision was, perhaps, merely a continu-
ation of the idea existing at the time that Con-
gress might regulate commerce. It strikes me
that there is no necessity for a bankrupt law
as between citizens of the same State. It is
best to leave the States to regulate that matter
for themselves. For instance, Indiana does
not desire any bankrupt law to control con-
tracts or debts so far as the citizens of Indiana
are concerned. So in regard to New Jersey;
New Jersey would prefer, so far as her own
citizens are concerned, to determine that matter
for herself. So of my own State. But as it
has been decided by the Supreme Court that a
bankrupt's discharge under a State law will
not be good as against a creditor residing in
another State from the one where the discharge
was obtained or-grherethc contract was entered
into, an act of this sort in all probability is
necessary so far as to regulate trade between
citizens of different States.
It must be seen that this law is more exten-
sive in its operation than any law I am aware
of that has ever been adopted either in England
or in this country. The English law applied
only to traders, to merchants, not to individuals
who did not undertake to make a livelihood by
trade, commerce, business, buying and selling
for profit. By the English law of bankruptcy
none others could avail themselves of it. This
law, however, like the act of 1841, extends to
all classes of individuals, and I am satisfied
that the unpopularity of the act of 1841 in a
great degree proceeded from the fact that the
door was open for all persons to obtain bank-
rupt certificates voluntarily. That was the
cause of its repeal. That presented the obnox-
ious points, and presented them so strongly to
the minds of the people as to induce the repeal
of the act very soon.
I have provided in the instructions which I
have submitted that when a man asks to be
discharged as a bankrupt all his property shall
be transferred except $500. In case of invol-
untary bankruptcy 1 submit that in all proba-
bility a larger amount could be very justly and
properly exempted from the operations of the
law; but where the bankrupt himself asks to
be discharged ought he not in all reason to give
up a greater amount of his property? Is it
unjust to require him, when he prefers to sur-
render his property and obtain a bankrupt cer-
tificate, a discharge from all his indebtedness,
to reserve a smaller proportion than where he
is forced into bankruptcy? I believe not. It
is a voluntary thing with him. If he desires
to surrender the property and asks for it, let
him have less exempted than in the other case.
I do not think any voluntary clause should be
left in the bill. If I had the framing of it I
would have no voluntary clause in it. I would
follow the act of 1800 on that subject, and not
adopt the provision of the act of 1841 which
rendered it so odious to the community. But
if the bankrupt sees fit to insist upon a die-
charge let Mm surrender all his property ex-
cept $500.
My second provision is that Ms indebted-
ness provable under the act must amount-to
$1,500 at least. The Senator from Vermont
will see that after a party owing $300 can pro-
ceed and go through all' the frecessary costs of
procuring a certificate, the- $300 will be en-
tirely-used up in the costs of the proceeding,
and there will be'nothing left for the creditors;
Why not then put some limitation on it—such a
limitation anyhow as would be available to the-
creditors to a certain extent, and let tljem have -
something ? What is the- use- of a party taking
the little that he may have and proceeding
voluntarily to obtain a discharge as against
his creditors, and give it to the officers of the
court instead of to the creditors? Surely,
after paying the costs of the proceeding*and
the fees of the officers, even the amount I pro-
pose would leave very little for the creditors.
I further provide that the assets shall pay at
least thirty per cent, of any debts existing at the
time of the passage of the act. For my own part-
I would not let it operate upon any debt ex-
isting at the time of its passage if I could. I
agree with the Senator from Oregon, that the.
ideajjrevalentin the Convention which induced
the framers of the Constitution to say that no
State should pass any law impairing the obliga-
tion of contracts, arising as it did from a feel-
ing of justice toward others, should induce
us to be at least very wary how we interfere
with existing obligations and contracts.
I do not appreciate the argument of tho
Senator from Vermont and the Senator from
' Maryland who spoke of the distress in the
South. I cannot sec that this bill is to be very
beneficial to the people of the South. I do-
not so look upon it. I cannot see that it will
help the people of the South who arc now
passing stay laws, as we are informed, to pro-
tect themselves. The land-owners who are in
the Legislatures, it is said, arc passing slay
laws to protect themselves and their people.
I cannot see that to declare all those laws
invalid and tear them up root and branch and
turn tlie property of those people over to
registers in bankruptcy is to benefit them
materially. It may give them a discharge,
but what good does the discharge do when all
their lands are sold?
Mr. POLAND. It is to help their cred-
itors.
Mr. HENDERSON. I doubt whether it will
help their creditor^ I am sure that the constitu-
ency I represent are as much interested in this
matter as perhaps any people, because the
credits in my State against the people of the
South are very large. They were very large
when the rebellion broke out, and they have
not been paid since. I do not think that my
constituency, standing in the light of creditors,
will be benefited by tho passage of this law.
I cannot see that it will benefit the people of
the South or benefit the people of the North
to whom they are indebted.
Where a man is disposed to do right, where
he is disposed to be honest, as I have said
before, a majority of his creditors can be ob-
tained almost at any time to release him upon
the payment of a fair percentage of his indebt-
edness. I would not, therefore, interfere with
existing contracts any further than I could
help. Then I require that at least thirty per
cent, of the existing indebtedness be paid.
The fourth provision is that no debt or con-
tract accruing hereafter shall be discharged in
the case of a voluntary certificate unless the
assets shall pay fifty per cent, of the amount
proved. This subject was examined many
years ago, under a resolution of the New York
Legislature, by the chancelor and the judges
of the supreme court of the State of New York.
After having examined very thoroughly into
the operation of the insolvent and bankrupt
laws of the State of New York, they made a
report, from which I beg leave to read an
extract:
" Judging from their former experience, and from
