1662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Senate to House joint resolution No. 266, |
granting certain public property to the State j
of Ohio. _ |
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out tlie words ''used in the erection of the
State asylum for the idiotic," and insert in lieu ,
thereof the words " appropriated by the State
Legislature to the use and benefit of homes for
disabled soldiers."
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
non-concur in the amendment, and ask for a
committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Gar-
field, Blaine, and Hunter were appointed
conferees on the part of the House.
inspection of indian affairs.
The next business in order on the Speaker's
table was the consideration of the message of
the Senate disagreeing to the amendment of
the House to Senate bill No. 204, to provide
for an annual inspection in Indian affairs, and
for other purposes.
Mr. KASSON. I move that the House
insist upon its amendment, and ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House concur
in the Senate amendment.
Mr. "VVINDOM. I move that the House
recede.
Mr. KASSON. I simply wish the House
to understand that this is the question we
passed upon after fall debate some days ago,
and I hope the House will grant a committee of
conference in order to see whether it is not
possible to agree with the Senate upon such a
system as shall combine the military jurisdic-
tion, so far as the police government over the
warlike Indians is concerned, with the peace
establishment in the other direction. I think
the importance of the subject demands that
effort. I call the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentleman yield to me ?
Mr. KASSON. If it does not take over five
minutes. We have very little time.
Mr. ROSS. I am in hopes the House will
concur in the Senate amendment. It is very
apparent that unless this is done there will be
no bill passed during this session to reorganize
the Indian Bureau of the Government. It will
be recollected that the measure was carried
in this House by a very small majority—some
three or four—to transfer this bureau to the
military department. The committees that
have had this question under examination con-
cur with great unanimity in opposition to trans-
ferring it to the War Department, and for the
purpose of trying to do something for ti>e
benefit of the Indians I hope in reorganizing
this bureau the House will concur in the action
of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Kasson] yield to me two or three
ipinutes ?
Mr. KASSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. The House will bear in mind
that the original bill introduced here was one
from the Senate providing for a system of
inspection and superintendence to some extent
in addition to the ordinary machinery of Indian
affairs. The House struck out the entire bill
and substituted one of an entirely different
character, transferring the Indian Bureau to
the War Department. For that substitute I
voted, believing that it was desirable it should
be so transferred. But it strikes me the two
measures are not inconsistent, and as it seems
to me there is no probability of our carrying
through the two Houses at this late period a
bill providing for the transfer proposed by the
House, I do believe it is the part of wisdom
that we concur in the original Senate bill, and
provide for a system of inspection, leaving the
transfer from the Interior to the War Depart-
ment to be effected by a future Congress, as I
trust it will be.
Mr. KASSON. The objection to that prop-
osition is that it does not accomplish the object
sought by the House at all: it still leaves the
Indians under the control of the civil estab-
lishment and continues the present evil. I
have much more hope of reconciling the Sen-
ate than my friend has.
Mr. ROSS. We have very little time. I
hope the gentleman will not discuss this matter
much. [Laughter.]
Mr. KASSON. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was, upon the motion of Mr.
Windom, that the House recede from its disa-
greement with the Senate upon this bill.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 50, noes 58.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WINDOM called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 59, nays 82, not voting
49 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Arnell, Baker, Banks. Baxter, Bea-
man, Bundy, Campbell, Reader W. Clarke, Cook,
Cooper, Davis, Donnelly, Farquhar, Finck, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Grinnell, Hale, Aaron Harding,
Hawkins, Higby, Hise, Hogan, Hooper, Chester D.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Jenekes, Julian, Kelso,
Kerr, Knykendall, Lo Blond, Leftwieh, Marshall,
Myers, Newell, Niblaek, Nicholson, Noell, Paine,
Perham, Plants,Price, Radford, Rittor.Ross, Shank-
lin, Stokes, Taber, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Van
Aernam, Andrew H. Ward, Warner, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Whaley. Windom, and
W oodbridge—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Baldwin, Bergen,
Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Brom-
well, Buckland, Sidnoy Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cul-
lom, Darling. Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Dem-
ing, Dixon, Dumont, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Garfield, Griswold, Abner C. Harding, Hayes, Hill,
Holmes, John H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
Kasson, Kelley, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, La-
tham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch. Marvin, Maynard, McKee, Mc-
Rner, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris,
Moulton, O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Pike, Pomeroy,
William II. Randall, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Spalding,
Stevens, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Hamilton Ward,
Welker, Wentworth, Williams, James F.Wilson, and
W right—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Barker, Benja-
min, Boutwell, Boycr, Broomall, Chanler, Culver,
Denison, Dodge, Dnggs, Eckley, Eldridge, Ferry,
Harris. Hart, Henderson, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hun-
ter, Ingersoll, Jones, Marston, McClurg, McCul-
lough, Mclndoe, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Rogers,
Rousseau, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn. Elihu B.
Washburne, Stephen F. Wilson, and Winfield—49.
So the motion of Mr. Windom was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Kasson, that the House still further insist
upon its disagreement, and ask for a commit-
tee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as the conferees
on the part of the House, Mr. Kasson, Mr.
Schenck, and Mr. Windom.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 490) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a temporary government
for fhe Territory of Idaho," approved March
3, 1863; and
An act (S. No. 592) to provide for a temporary
increase of the pay of officers in the Army of
the United States, and for other purposes.
arizona, idaho, ctaii, montana.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
of the House No. 746, for the organization of
land districts in the Territories of Arizona,
Idahfli Utah, and Montana.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out all after the enacting clause and insert the
following:
That the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall be, and is hereby, author-
ized to appoint a surveyor general for Montana,
whose annual salary shall be $3,000, and whose power,
authority, and duties shall be tne same as those pro-
vided by law for the surveyor general of Oregon. He
shall have as proper allowance for clerk hire, ofliec
rent, and fuel what is now allowed by law to the
surveyor general of Oregon.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the public
lands within tho Territories of Montana and Ari-
zona, to which the Indian title is or shall be extin-
guished, shall each, respectively, constitute anew land
district, to bo called the Montana district, and the
Arizona district, respectively. And the President is
hereby authorized to appoint, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, a register and re-
ceiver of public moneys for each of said districts,
respectively, who shall be required to reside at tho
places at which such officers shall be located, and
they shall have the same power, perform the same
duties, and be entitled to the same compensation as
are or maybe prescribed by law for the regulation
of land offices of the United States in other Terri-
tories.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Interior is hereby authorized to locate said
offices of surveyor general and register and receiver
of public moneys.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That tho Territory
of Arizona is hereby attached to the surveying dis-
trict of California.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the House non-
concur in the Senate amendment, and ask the
appointment of a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
light-houses.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No 1166)
entitled "An act to authorize the building of
light-houses therein mentioned, and for other
purposes."
The amendments of the Senate were read aa
follows:
On page 1, after line five insert " at a cost not ex-
ceeding $10,000."
On same page, after line seven insert" at a cost not
exceeding $14,000."
On same page, after line nine insert " at a cost not
exceeding $10,000."
Insert the following:
For building a light-house at Pigeon river or
vicinity, Lake Superior, Minnesota, $15,000.
On page 1, after line eleven insert "at a cost not
exceeding $15,000."
On same page, strike outlines twelve and thirteen.
On same page, after line fifteen insert " at a cost
not exceeding $15,000."
After line seven insert "at a cost not exceeding
$15,000."
After line nineteen insert " at a cost not exceeding
$16,000."
After line twenty-one insert "at a cost not exceed-
ing $45,000."
On page 2, strike out lines one, two, three, four, and
five.
On same page, in line seventeen strike out "re-
sponsible."
Mr. LONGYEAR. I move that the House
concur in the amendments of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LONGYEAR moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
river and iiarbor improvements.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
1154) entitled "An act making appropriations
for the repair, preservation, and completion
of certain public works heretofore commenced
under the authority of law, and for other pur-
poses."
The amendments of the Senate were read, as fol-
lows :
On page 3, in line eleven, after the word "San-
dusky " insert " Harbor Bay ; and"
On same page, at the end of line sixteen insert
"to be expended in accordance with the plans and
specifications of Colonel T. J. Cram, in his report of
December 10,1866."
Strike out all of line twenty-seven, on page 3, and
line one. on page 4.
On page 5, after line twenty-three insert " for im-
proving the harborof Burlington, Vermont, $1S,000. '
On page7, inline two strike out "$1,000,000" and
insert " according to such plan as the Secretary of
War shall, on the report of a board of engineers,
approve,$500,000: Provided, however, That any canal
that may be constructed to the said Des Moines or
lower rapids of the Mississippi river, shall be and re-
main free to the navigation and commerce of said
river, and no tolls shall ever be collected thereon."
On page 7, after line ten insert "for building and
operating one dredge or snag-boat on the Wisconsin
river, $40,000."
On page 7, after line fourteen, insert the following:
To improve the navigation of tho Willamette river,
Oregon, below the city of Portland, $^0,000.
