986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
observation in the coarse of their judicial duties, the}'
were of opinion that the insolvent law was the source
of a great deal of fraud and perjury. They were ap-
prehensive that the evil was incurable and arose prin-
cipally from the infirmity inherent in every such sys-
tem. A permanent insolvent act, made expressly for
the relief of the debtor, and held up daily to his view
and temptation, had a powerful tendency to render
him heedless in thetsreation of debt and careless fes
to payment. It induced him to place hi? hopes of
relief rather in contrivances for his discharge than
in increased and severe exertion to perform his duty.
It held out an easy and tempting mode of procuring
ail absolute release to the delator from his debts; and
the system had been, and still was, and probably ever
mast be, from the very nature of it, productive of
incalculable abuse, fraud, and perjury, and greatly
injurious to the public morals."
- If we hold out an inducement by a general
law to every man who may be involved to the ex-
tent of $300 to proceed and get a bankrupt's
discharge by giving that $300 to the officers of
the court, will it not present the temptation
herelSpoken of? If a man in business knows
that without paying any part of his indebted-
ness be may if he becomes insolvent, procure
a discharge and forever stand exempt from the
obligation of his debts, is it not a very groat
inducement to the commission of fraud V If
not, it most certainly is to the indulgence of
freat heedlessness and recklessness in business.
would therefore put some limitation on vol-
untary bankruptcy in this respect that I would
not apply to involuntary bankruptcy. 1 pro-
pose that where a party applies to procure for
himself the benefits of the act he shall pay
some part of his indebtedness.
If this distress is so very great as is supposed
by the Senator from Maryland and the Senator
from Vermont in regard to existing debts, I
still apprehend that thirty per cent, of them
can be paid, and if not that a majority in in-
terest of the creditors will at least agree to the
dischargo of the party. That is my experi-
ence. I repeat that where good faith is shown
by a debtor generally his creditors are per-
fectly willing to give him his discharge upon
the payment of a very small percentage of his
indebtedness. But in regard to subsequent
indebtedness I would not hold out this induce-
ment, that any man who is reckless and care-
less in business may procure a discharge with-
out paying at least one half of his indebted-
ness, unless by the consent of the creditors.
I would still let the creditors give him his dis-
charge by consent.
There is another instruction ivhich I have
embodied, that all future acquisitions of the
bankrupt, obtained by descent, devise, be-
quest, or in the course of distribution shall be
subject to the payment of hi% former debts. I
am perfectly willing to relievo all future acqui-
sitions by labor, but I am wholly unwilling, so
far as 1 am individually concerned, to allow a
party to hold a bankrupt's certificate and to
receive largo inheritances and to enjoy those
inheritances free from the payment of his
debts. It seems to me that it is unjust, and
that it produced a good deal of tho ill-feeling
against the acts previously passed, and it will
have the same effect again.
Finally, I provide that no debt shall be dis-
charged unless it be specified in the original
or supplementary schedules of the debtor or
presented for proof by the creditor.
In reference to involuntary bankruptcy, I
say first, that tho petitioning creditor, seeking
to obtain a judgment of bankruptcy, must rep-
resent and establish against the alleged bank-
rupt an indebtedness of not less than $1,500.
I wo hundred and fifty dollars indebtedness is
all that is required by the bill now in order to
push the party to bankruptcy. The reasons I
have given iu reference to applying a law of
that character to merchants, traders, and those
having credits in other States than the States
of their rcsidcnces will &pply very strongly ill
support of this provision.
I provided also that in eases, of, involuntary
bankruptcy a specific amount of property, not
exceeding $1,000, shall be exempted in favor
of the head of a family, and not exceeding
$500 in other cases. The Senate, it is true,
has expressed its opinion on this point, and
that is to leave the exemption laws of the
respective States .to apply, and the Senator
from Maryland' thinks that provision constitu-
tional." I cannot bring my mind to that'opin-
ion. However, I do not desire to enter into
any remarks upon it now. I feel very clear
that if the law be passed with that provision
not much good will result from it, because the
States, in order to retain for themselves the
entire magistracy over this subject, will pass
such exemption laws as .will render perfectly
futile the operation of this measure, and it will
do no good.
There ought, therefore, to be some specific"
amount specified. I put the amount at $1,000,
which is larger than in cases of voluntary
bankruptcy. Where a party comes in volun-
tarily and seeks a discharge he ought to surren-
der nearly all his property. Where his cred-
itors push him to bankruptcy there is some
reasonjvhy he should have a larger exemption.
If $1,000 dollars be not sufficient let him have
$2,000, and if that be not sufficient let him have
$3,000. I am not particular about the amount,
but I think the amount ought to be specific
and made applicable in each and every State
of the Union, because very great injustice will
be worked by suffering the different States to
avoid the payment of their creditors outside,
for it will be remembered that so far as their
own citizens are concerned they caln regulate
this matter for themselves, and it is only in
reference to outside creditors that it becomes
necessary to have a bankrupt law at all.
The remaining proposition of this branch of
the instructions is the same as the last one of
the other, namely : that after the discharge all
acquisitions that come from relatives by de-
scent, devise, bequest, or in the course of dis-
tribution, shall be subject to the payment of
the debts. That is the old Maryland law of
insolvency, and a very good provision it is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should not have a
word to say upon the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Missouri except for his suggestion
that this will be a test vote. I shall probably
not vote for' the bill, and yet I would not vote
for his proposition to recommit.. I think that
defeats the bill; I think it is due to the com-
mittee, on so grave a question as this, to allow
the bill to come to a final vote, mainly upon
the propositions that shall come from the
committee, at least from such portions of the
committee as support the measure; and it is
for that reason that I shall vote against the
proposition of the Senator from Missouri to
return the bill to the committee. This bill
received very full consideration by the Judi-
ciary Committee at the last session, and, with
some exceptions, is perhaps as good a system
of bankruptcy as can be established. I do not
say it is a perfect bill; but the objections to
the bill are perhaps inherent in the subject of
the legislation itself While I shall probably
not vote for the bill, I have voted against bills
with more confidence in my judgment upon the
subject than in this instance.
The Constitution clearly contemplated a uni-
form and perhaps a permanent system of bank-
ruptcy in tlw country, and I am inclined to the
opinion that if a good system can be once es-
tablished to take the place of the various sys-
tems of the States it will be an advantage. The
evil of the times grows out of the different
systems of insolvency in the different States.
Clearly the framers of the Constitution con-
templated some uniform and perhaps perma-
nent system; and while I will not vote lor this
bill perhaps, because I do not know what is
the pleasure of the people I represent on the
subject, yet I repeat that I think it is but fair
to allow the bill to come to a vote, and I shall
vote against amendments calculated to embar-
rass the bill. I shall only vote for such amend-
ments as I think will improve the bill, and
for none with a view to embarrass it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not propose to
speak to the particular amendment suggested
by my friend from Missouri, because, if I un-
derstand correctly what the Senate has already
done, it has decided substantially against each
one of his propositions. The honorable
member, tells us- that he doubts very much
whether, the clause in the Constitution wa3
intended to embrace or does embrace other
than -traders, and that it was not contemplated
toiprovid'e for cases of voluntary bankruptcy.
It is true that,at the time .the Constitution
was adopted. the . bankrupt laws of Eng-
land were, made applicable exclusively to
traders, but England long since has applied
them to all other classes; and the power to
apply them to other classes in the Parliament
at the time the Constitution was adopted
nobody could have questioned. The clause,
therefore, which gives to Congress the power
to pass bankrupt laws has been considered as
equivalent to the same power existing in Par-
liament; and the Supreme Court, in the case
of Sturgis vs. Crowninshield, admit, I think,
very clearly that the clause embraced every
class of debtors, and was not confined to trad-
ers. Iu the same ease they also, in words,
state that under that power Congress may
provide for voluntary as well as involuntary
bankruptcy. I have the opinion by me.
Mr. HENDERSON. That question did not
arise in the case.
Mr. JOHNSON. It did not arise in that
case in some respects. That case involved
the constitutionality of a State insolvent law
which undertook to discharge debts, and in
considering that question Chief Justice Mar-
shall, who gave the opinion, went into an
examination of the whole subject: first, what
was the extent of the congressional' power to •
pass bankrupt laws; secondly, bow did it con-
flict with the power of the States to pass in-
solvent laws ? It was maintained in relation
to the power of the States that they had not
authority by an insolvent law to-discharge a
debt. The Chief Justice said it would be ex-
ceedingly difficult to decide that a law passed
by a State discharging a debt and all the sub-
sequent acquisitions which the debtor might
make would not be an insolvent law within the
powers which the States had because of the
reservation ; in other words, he did not con-
sider the power with which Congress was
clothed to pass laws on the subject of bank-
ruptcy as interfering with the right of the
States until that power was exercised to pass
laws discharging debts as between their own
citizens; and in express terms the court admit
that it is in the power of Congress under its
authority to pass bankrupt laws to include
every variety of bankrupts, every class of
bankrupts, and also to provide that, a bank-
rupt might himself apply for the benefit of
such laws.
The motion to recommit was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Williams ; and being taken
by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 10, nays 26 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Craorin, Fogs, Grimes,
Henderson, Lane, Trumbull, Willoy, Williams, and
\Vilscm—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Brawn, Chandler, Conness, Doo-
littie, Edmunds, Fessenden, Harris, Hendricks, How-
ard, Howe, Johnson, McDougall, Morgan, Norton,
Patterson, Poland, Pomeroy. Ramsey, Riddle, Ross,
Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade, and
Yates—26.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony,- Buekalew, Cattell,
Creswell, Davis, Dixon, Foster, Fowler, Frelinghuy-
sen, Guthrie, Kirltwood, Morrill, Nesmith, Nye,
Saulsbury, and Sprague—10.
Mr. POLAND. In the last section of the
bill the provision is that " no petition or other
proceeding under this act shall be filed, re-
ceived, or commeuced before the 1st day of
November, A. D. I860." I move to strike
out "November" and insert " April," and to
strike out "1866" and insert "1807;" so as
to take effect the 1st day of April, 1867.
Mr. HARRIS. I think it would be belter
to say June.
Mr. POLAND. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to say June instead of April, to
make it take effect on the 1st day of June next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment will be so modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to strikeout the
