222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 20,
when he was Informing us that the Delegate-
from that Territory in the other branch claimed
that it was much larger than, that, the actual
number of inhabitants in that Territory could
not possibly have been over thirty thousand,
one half the minimum fixed, and upon which
I have a right to say the action of Congress
was predicated.
And so in regard to the Territory of Nebraska.
We were assured that it would have one hun-
dred and twenty-seven thousand inhabitants by
the time its constitution was formed and its
officers elected. Instead of that being the fact
in October, 1864, when we were told it would
take place, here in 1866, and at the end of the
year, we are acting upon the question of admit-
ting Nebraska, with a probable population of
not more than fifty thousand. It is true,
strange and vague statements are made about
there being some eighty thousand people in
this Territory, with nothing to sustain them
exeept an unofficial and unreliable letter, to
which I shall hereafter allude. We have satis-
factory proof, that the population must be in
the neighborhood of fifty thousand only. But
Congress was told more than two years ago,
that in October 1864, it would be up to the
ratioof one hundredand twenty-seven thousand.
I will now briefly state the facts as to num-
bers, having laid the foundation for the ex-
hibit; First, in relation to Colorado; by the
census of 1860 the population was 34,277.
The vote in August 1861, was 10,580; in
December 1861,9,354; in October 1862,8,224;
in September 1864, following the date of the
enabling act, 5,769 ; in September 186S, upon
the adoption of the constitution, -5,895, upon
which vote a majority of 155 in favor of the
constitution was reported. In this connection
I will give the figures from the census or
enumeration taken in 1861 to show the division
of the population as to sex and age.
Mr: JOHNSON. Under what authority
was that census taken ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Underthe authorityof
the territorial Legislature I suppose. The
census of 1860 shows facts of the same charac-
ter, but I take the figures of the enumeration
of 1861 because it is a little later. In 1861
there were in Colorado, 18,228 adult males,
4,884 adult females, and 2,622 minors ; making
a total population of 25,329, showing a de-
crease oLtotal population from the previous
year of about 9,000.
Mr. President, as has been frequently stated
in this debate, in the settled parts of the coun-
try the number of voters as compared with the
whole population is about one fifth. In the
Territories and in the new parts of the country
from the fact that females and minors do not
go into them as rapidly and as largely as adult
males, it follows that the proportion of voters
to the whole mass of population is much
greater; and of inevitable necessity, therefore,
in estimating the population of a Territory or
a new State you must multiply the voters by a
Bmaller number than five. That is inevitable,
and the explanation is abundantly furnished
by the enumeration in 1861 in Colorado, which
shows the enormous preponderance of adult
males over females and minors in the popula-
tion of that Territory.
But, sir, there was a peculiar reason for
such great preponderance applying to Colorado
which does not apply to all our Territories.
It was a mining region; it was the case of a
shifting and changing population; and you
cannot apply the same reasoning to the same
extent in agricultural Territories. Now, sir,
I pass to the caseof Nebraska. By the census
of 1860 its population was 28,841, of which
there were white males—1 take the white popu-
lation alone, because the negroes are so taw
that they may be omitted from the calculation—
16,689, and females 12,007; showing that one
fourth of the whole male population of the
Territory was in excess of the female. On
the 2d of June, 1866, the present year, the
vote on adopting the constitution amounted
in the aggregate to 7,770, and for Represent^"
tive to 8,084. In October last the total vote
was 9,136 at a fall election, at a time of ex-
citement, and when it is likely that as full a
vote was polled as could be polled at any time
within its limits.
These figures in regard to Nebraska prove
that the population of that "Territory at the
time of the October election, all those who
made up the total mass of people from whom
voters were taken, could not have exceeded
forty-five thousand, and the probability is that
the number did not exceed some thirty-six or
thirty-seven thousand. The Senate is told that
there has been a brisk immigration into that
Territory during the past summer and fall,
dnring the six months within which the pro-
vision as to residence of voters applies. Ihey
must be at least six months in the Territory
before they can vote. Sir, if you should make
a liberal estimate of an immigration into the
Territory of some two thousand families, say
of five members each, or a total immigration
that would be equivalent to that, you would
only get some ten thousand additional inhabit-
ants, and the introduction of that large number
of persons into a Territory containing only
thirty-five to forty thousand people would be a
matter of general observation and of universal
remark; it wonld be stated and held by all to
be a very large increase of population. If,
therefore, you should assume that there was
within six months the large immigration of
some ten thousand into that Territory, you
would not get the total number above fifty
thousand.
Butit seems that some one connected with the
Bureau ofStatistics has written aletteraddressed
to gentlemen of Nebraska who are here, in which
he expresses a general opinion that the popu-
of that Territory is some eighty-odd thousand.
Now, what has he to go upon? In the first place
this is not an official paper; it does not pretend
to be. There is no authenticity about it so far
as the Senate is concerned. It is not a paper
addressed to it, nor verified to it, nor one made
up under any responsibility whatever. And,
sir, in what way can men of the Bureau. of
Statistics know anything about the population
of this Territory ? They cannot certainly know
it from a census, because there has been none
taken. They cannot know it from an enumer-
ation of taxables in the Territory, because there
has been no such enumeration. In what man-
ner then can they acquire information about
it? I do not know any statistics there can be
in the Treasury Department unless it be the
returns of incomes; and to attempt to estimate
population upon returns of that kind would be
so absurd that I should suppose no man inside
or outside the bureau would attempt it. If
there be any information in the Treasury De-
partment accessible to this officer of the Bureau '
of Statistics, or accessible to any one else, it must j
consist of responses to letters sent to United
States officers in the Territory. Letters may
have been addressed to the assessors or col-
lectors in the Territory and their opinions ob-
tained. I presume that this extravagant and
manifestly untrue estimate must be predicated
upon something of that description. I can
conceive no other manner in which it could
have been obtained.
The United States assessors in that Terri-
tory, if they were called upon, would be very
apt to make a liberal estimate, especially if
they participated in the feeling in favor of a
new State which is felt by other gentlemen who
are here from the Territory, and opinions from
them not predicated upon an actual enumera-
tion would be utterly worthless, would bo so
unreliable that any man might be thought des-
titute of good sense who should think of form- j
ing an opinion upon them. We, however, have j
the population of the Territory sufficiently j
established for all practical purposes in the j
statistics which I have presented, as we have ]
also in the ease of Colorado. j
I say, then, that it is proposed here to admit !
Colorado into the Union as a State with a I
population not exceeding thirty thousand, and I
Nebraska as a State with a population not ex-
ceeding fifty thousand, while the ratio or num-
ber requisite for a member of Congress in all
the old States, the settled portions of the coun-
try, is onehundred and twenty-seven thousand;
and as a representative of three million peo-
ple, who constitute the political community
known as Pennsylvania. I am asked to give to
seventy-five or eighty thousand people double
the representation in this branch of Congress
that is possessed by those three million, and to
give them also three times the representation to
which their numbers would entitle them in the
House of Representatives. Sir, I cannot do
it; and no member of ithis Senate or of this
Congress ought to ask my State or its people
to assent to so unreasonable a proposition.
We agreed when the Constitution of the
United States was formed that oar numbers
should go for nothing in this body.
That was a feature of the compact among
the thirteen members which were to compose
the Union; but there was to be representation
according to population in the other branch of
Congress; and that principle that States shall
be represented according to numbers in.the
House of Representatives is the only compensa-
tion which the large States received for the
surrender of the principle of numerical repre-
sentation in the Senate.
That representation in the House is invaded
by these bills. It is not merely disproportion-
ate representation in the Senate, it is not
merely the equality of thirty thousand men of
the mountains in Colorado in this Senate with
three millions in the East; it is not the equality
of fifty thousand upon the plains of Nebraska
in this Senate with three millions in the East;
but it is the representation of these Territories
with eighty thousand population, in the House
of Representatives as if they had two hundred
and fifty-four thousand, or enough for two
Representatives, according to the ratio under
the existing act of Congress. It is, then, not
senatorial inequality alone against which we
object; it is representative inequality, also.
And, sir, what are the reasons which are to
reconcile us to this injustice? Is there any
complaint in the Territory of Nebraska of bad
government? Does the Executive, appointed
by the President and confirmed by this Senate,
oppress its people? Are the judges sent there
by our advice and consent corrupt or incom-
petent men? Is not property sccure? Is not
life secure? Is not justice administered fairly ?
There are no complaints; there is no reason
for complaint. We are told in this debate that
the Governor of this Territory is acceptable to
to its people; that he is in full accord and sym-
pathy with them; in short, that there is no
foundation for complaints by the people of the
Territory or any part of them in regard to the
existing government which has been instituted
by Congress.
The Senator from Ohio who sits nearest me
[Mr. Shermax] spoke about the expense of a
territorial government. He is a member of
the Finance Committee; he is looking after
money matters with great care, and he wants
the Territory admitted as a State to save the
expense of a territorial government. In that
connection let me give some facts in regard to
another Territory. General Sherman, in his
recent report of the 5th of November, speaking
of the Territory of New Mexico, says:
''The whole Territory seems a pastoral land, but
not fit for cultivation. The mines undeveloped are
supposed to be very valuable, bat us jet remain
mostly in a state of nature. Wo have held this Ter-
ritory sinee 1846, twenty years, at a eo^t to the na-
tional Treasury of full one hundred million?, and I
doubt if it will ever reimburse to the country a titiio
of that sum."
Bv the census of 1860 the population of New
Mexico was yo,-)10. At present General Sher-
man says: "The entire population may be
estimated at 100,000,'' and from other informa-
tion which I have examined I suppose it to be
somewhat more than that. Here is a Territory
with a population of 100,000. a Territory very
expensive to us, and where, if yon need relief
