1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1663
For removing snags and boulders throughout the
Minnesota river, $37,500.
For improvement of Providence river, Rhode
Island, off Pawtucket bar and at the Crag, 825.000.
For improvement of the Pawtucket river, Ilhodo
Island, $17,000.
On page 7, strike out all after line fourteen to the
ond of line twenty-seven.
On page 8, after the word " that" in line one insert
the following:
The appropriation of $75,000 for constructing works
and improving the entrance into the harbor of Mich-
igan City. Indiana, made in and by the act approved
June 23,1866, shall be expended for the purpose afore-
said upon the terms and in the manner hereinafter
provided for other appropriations under this act:
Provided, That it shall be first shown to the satis-
faction of tbo Secretary of War that the sum of
9100,000 has been expended by the Michigan City
Harbor Company in the construction of a safe and
convenient harbor at that place; and provided that
the passage of vessels to and from said harbor shall
be free and not subject to toll or charge.
On page 10.after thoword "namely"in line eleven
insert the following:
At the harbor of San Francisco, California, with a
view to the removal of Blossom Rook, if tho same
should be found necessary and essential to commerce.
On page 10, after "Elizabeth" in line nineteen
insert "the Union river and the Gut, opposite the
city of Bath."
On page 10, at the end of line twenty insert the
following:
At Block Island, in tho State of Rhode Island : the
reefs in Lake Michigan, near the harbor of Racine,
in Wisconsin, with a view to light-house and break-
water thereon, and the Potomac river, in the District
of Columbia.
On page 10, after "and" in lino seven insert "to
continue the survey."
On page 11, line one, insert " in accordance with
the recommendation of General J. H. Wilson in his
report of January 12,1867."
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move that the House
concur in all the amendments except the first
one, and to non-concur in that. That is an
error of the Senator from Ohio in supposing
we made a mistake when he was mistaken
himself.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope we will non-con-
cur. The Senate have put back all those ob-
jectionable things and a-good many more that
the House refused to sanction the other day.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania the things
to which he refers are not in this bill. The
appropriation for Des Moines rapids has been
reduced from $1,000,000 to $500,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I was not paying atten-
tion at the time, and perhaps I may be mis-
taken.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I would not force a
vote on any gentleman that was not fair.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lieutenant john ii. iiamlin.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the following amend-
ments of the Senate to House joint resolution
No. 268, to pay Lieutenant John H. Hamlin
for military services:
Strikeout "eighth" and insert "first." Strikeout
"January" and insert "July;" and also strike out
" being the date on which he joined his regiment and
entored on duty as a second lieutenant;" so that the
joint resolution will then read:
That the Paymaster General of the United States
Army be, and he is hereby, direoted to pay to John
H. Hamlin, of Michigan, late afirst lieutenant in tho
seventh regiment of Michigan cavalry, the full pay
and allowances of a second lieutenant of cavalry for
the time from the 1st day of July, 1863, to tho 28th
day of March, 1864, when he was mustered in as a first
lieutenant.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the Senate are
mistaken, but we had better concur in the
amendments and pass the bill.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
richard chenery.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the following Senate amendment to House
bill No. 588, for the relief of Richard Chenery.
Strike out all after tho enacting clause and insert
the following:
That the Secretary of the Interior ishereby author-
ized to examine the claim of Richard Chenery, of
California, for $8,000 alleged to bo duo him for beef
furnished to George P. Armstrong, temporary Indian
agent for tho tribes of Indians on Russian river and
at Clear Lake, and for which said Armstrong exe-
cuted receipts, dated March 23 and May 23, 1852,
and if he shall believe, from such examination, that
the property was furnished in good faith and that
tho Government is justly indebted to the claimant,
as alleged, he shall cause the amount so found to be
due to be paid to the said Chenery or his legal rep-
resentatives: Provided, That in no event shall any
1 greater sum than $8,000 be paid : And provided fur-
, liter, That the sum paid shall be accepted in full and
lasting discharge of this claim.
Mr. WINDOM moved that the House con-
cur.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senate
was concurred in ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jj payment of compound-interest notes.
| The next business upon the Speaker's table
1 was the following amendment from the Senate
to House bill No. 1220, to provide ways and
means for the payment of the compound-inter-
est notes:
Strike out the following:
Tho Secretary of the Treasury is hereby author-
ized and directed to redeem compound-interest notes
with the accrued interest, and issue therefor United
States legal-tender notes without interest, not ex-
ceeding in amount $100,000,000.
Insert in lieu thereof tho following:
Sec. 1. That for tho purpose of redeeming and
retiring any compound-interest notes outstanding
the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and directed to issue temporary loan certificates in
the manner prescribed by section four of the act
entitled "An act to authorize tho issuo of United
States notes and for tho redemption or funding there-
of, and for funding tho floating debt of tho United
States," approved February 25,1862, bearing interest
at a rate not exceeding three per cent, per annum,
principal and interest payable in lawful money on
demand; and said certificates of temporary loan
may constitute and be held by any national bank
holding or owning the same as a part of the reserve
provided for in sections thirty-ono and thirty-two
of the act entitled "An act to provide a national
currency secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3, 1801: Provided, That
not less than two fifths of the entire reserve of such
bank shall consist of lawful money of the United
States: And provided further. That tho amount of
such temporary certificates, at any time outstanding,
shall not exceed $100,000,000.
Sec. 2. That no national bank shall either pay or
receive interest on any portion of its reserve, when
deposited in any other national bank, and the com-
pound-interest notes shall not be held or counted
as a part of their reserve after the 1st day of July
next.
Mr. PRICE. I move to non-concur in the
amendment of the Senate, and that a confer-
ence be requested on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Iowa because the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] who re-
ported the bill is absent on account of the
death of his father-in-law, and has left the bill
in his charge.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The bill
belongs to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
Mr. CONKLING. If I get an opportunity
I shall move to concur.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
moves to lay the bill on the table, but the
Chair cannot entertain that motion as the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. PRICE. I move to non-concar in the
amendments of the Senate, and to ask a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to concur, and
on that motion I wish to say a word or two.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to say a few words only
if I can have the attention of the House.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Chair if the
first question is not on the motion to concur ?
The SPEAKER. It will be unless a mo-
tion to lay upon the fable shall be made; but
the gentleman cannot move to concur while
the gentleman from Iowa is upon the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I know I cannot make
the motion while the gentleman from Iowa is
upon the floor.
Mr. PRICE. I thought the gentleman could
not make the motion while I had the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. We agree about that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could make
the motion oven after the previous question was
seconded.
Mr. CONKLING. The previous question
has not been movyl.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is aware of
that; but the motion could be made even under
the operation of the previous question. It has
been held so repeatedly.
Mr. PRICE resumed the floor.
Mr. L"iNCH. What has become of my
motion to lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
was upon the floor, and therefore the gentle-
man could not make the motion.
Mr. LYNCH. The Chair entertained the
motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mis-
taken. The Chair could not recognize the
gentleman from Maine when the gentleman
from Iowa was upon the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. I would inquire if any
committee of the House has the paternity of
this bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. PRICE. Then it must be an orphan.
[Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. I do not seek to father
it at all.
Mr. PRICE. I am willing to father it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order. I would inquire if this
bill is not a bill reported to the House by the
Committee on Banking and Currency. The
Speaker will remember that the question was
raised in regard to this very bill, whether the
chairman of the Committee on Banking and
Currency was not entitled to report it, and the
Chair said he would recognize his right unless
he waived it; and the chairman of the com-
mittee, the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Pomeroy,] then waived his right so as to allow
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ran-
dall,] a member of the committee, to report
the bill.
The SPEAKER. That is substantially a
point of order which the Chair has already
overruled, and he again overrules it on the
distinct ground that when the bill with the Sen-
ate amendment was first reported by the Clerk,
no gentleman in the Hall rose to claim the
floor except the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Price,] and the Chair recognized him. The
Chair cannot recognize any gentleman in his
seat, neither the chairman of the Committee
on Banking and Currency nor the gentleman
from Massachusetts. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. 1 raise the question of
order whether any person has liberty to rise
and move to make a disposition of a bill when
it is announced from the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. Certainly some gentle-
man must make a motion in regard to it.
Mr. POMEROY. Have not the committee
from which the bill has emanated priority over
other members?
The SPEAKER. Yes, if they claim the
floor.
Mr. POMEROY. I would inquire if this
bill did not belong to the Committee on Bank-
ing^ and Currency?
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman who
is chairman of that committee claim the floor
by addressing the Chair when the bill was
taken up ?
Mr. POMEROY. I did not hear it an-
nounced.
The SPEAKER. That was not the fault
of the Clerk or the Speaker. It is presumed
by the rules that every gentleman is listening
to what is going on in the House, and the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] was the only
gentleman who claimed the floor when this
bill came up.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wi?h
to state that I did hear the title of this bill
read at the Clerk's desk; but it never struck
me that any gentleman not a member of the
