i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from the burdens of a territorial government,
you should apply an enabling act and organize
a State government and get- rid of some por-
tion of the burden, at least the burden of the
administration of civil affairs;
Mi-. WADE. Will the Senator, allow me to
make a suggestion on that point?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certkinly.
Mr. WADE. I believe it is not usual for us
to commence to bring Territories into the
Union. As long as their people are content
with their territorial Condition and do not
apply to be admitted,-1 do not think we take
the initiative. But- then the people of New
Mexico are an unprogressive people; that Ter-
ritory has been a great while inhabited, long
before Nebraska was ever heard of as a Terri-
tory, and most of the people are Spanish. It
does not fill up very rapidly. I do not suppose
it has many more inhabitants now than it had
thirty years ago. The simple answer to the
"suggestion, however, is that they have not
applied to be admitted.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator has for-
gotten that I alluded to the feet that there was
no formal application by these Territories for
which he reported enabling acts in 1864.
Mr. WADE. There were petitions; and
their Delegates urged it upon us over and over
again in regard to both these Territories.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator will look
back to the Congressional Globe, to his own
declaration, he will see that he is mistaken.
The facts that he now alleges may have existed
in the ease of one of them, but did not in the
case of the others. There were public reasons
which in the opinion of the Senator justified
that legislation, and therefore' 'he introduced it.
It-was not the demand of the people; it was
not the clamor of a border population that
moved him; it was considerations of public
•policy in this Government.
Upon the debate on the Nebraska enabling
act, April 12,1864, the Senator from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Foster] inquired whether the'peo-
ple of the Territory had asked to be admitted
as a State, and argued that the Senate should
be satisfied that a majority of the -people de-
sired it. To this the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
-Wade} answered, that the people of the Ter-
ritory had a Delegate in the House of Repre-
sentatives who, he supposed, fairly represented
their will and their wishes. That the Delegate
ought to know whether the people wanted it or
not; that he had no doubt the Delegate '' fairly
represented the people there; but whether he
did or not the bill only presented to the peo-
ple the opportunity of taking upon themselves
a State government, if they saw fit to do so.
If they did not want a State government they
were not obliged to have it." The conclusion
then, is clear, from this debate in the Globe,
that there was no formal application before
the Senate by petition, memorial, or otherwise
for the passage of the enabling act. The Sen-
ator from Ohio put the question entirely upon
the advocacy of the measure by the Delegate
from the Territory in the House.
Here, then, is the case of New Mexico with
a population of 100,000. To be sure these peo-
ple are Mexicans ; but are they not citizens ?
s there not to be equality among citizens in
this country? Have we not heard that doctrine
expounded and warmly insisted upon very re-
cently even in this Chamber? We acquired
these inhabitants, or most of them, by the
treaty of peace at the conclusion of the Mexi-
can war, the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
and these inhabitants thus acquired, and who
became our fellow-citizens, are entitled to
precisely the same right and the same favor as
any other population in any Territory in the
United States.
Then, sir, I insist that the argument is deci-
sive against the passage of the present bill;
that not only is this population inadequate,
not only were all the statements made to Con-
gress on the subject of population in 1864 un-
justifiable, proved to have been unfounded,
grossly erroneous, but you find that there are
i
other Territories exceediag this in population
as to whom no such measure as tie present is
proposed in Congress. Here is Utah; I do not
know what the population of that Territory is;
I am told by one of the Senators from Kappas
that it is about 120,000. Certainly those peo-
ple, or their territorial authorities in behalf
of them, have applied to Congress for admis-
sion, into the Union. I am not in favor of the
admission of Utah as a member of the Union;
I am not in favor of the admission of New
Mexico with her 100,000 people as a member
of the Union any more than I am in favor of
the admission of a Territory with 50,000 or
with 30,000 inhabitants; but for very shame's
sake you must deal e.qually with the Territo-
ries. If you admit these with a population of
limited numbers, low down in the scale, how
can you justify your legislation before the peo-
ple of the country as well as the people of the
Territories upon the ground of equality and
even-handed justice? You deny-Utah mem-
bership in the Union: your denial perhaps is
prudent and reasonable and just, but when
you admit a Territory with 30,000, one third or
one fourth her numbers, how can you say no
to her?
Mr. President, I have concluded what I pro-
posed to say on the subject of this bill. I have
spoken because I felt charged upon me the
duty of discussing it. I regard it as the pio-
neer of a series of bills which arc likely to
come up for consideration in the Senate dur-
ing the present and future sessions, and upon
which sound opinions must be; formed and
maintained if representation in this Govern-
ment by the several States is to stand upon a
just and satisfactory foundation.
Mr. SPRAGUE.' Mr. President, I who in
part represent one of the smallest States of
the American Union look on with great com-
placency when I witness Territory after Ter-
ritory formed into States, having the consent
of a majority, and with the approbation of all
the States here represented; and the Senators
who are thus introduced into this body seldom
represent one half of the population of the
smallest State. My friend, the distinguished
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] sel-
dom rises in his seat except to complain that
the six New England States, with a popula-
tion less than either New York or Pennsyl-
vania, have a representation here of twelve
members, while each of those States has but
two. The exact words in the Constitution that
compel obedience to this state of things are as
follows:
"Article V.—No State without its own consent
shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate."
You complain of this provision when you
practice it daily. Would Indiana be a State
to-day if the thirteen original States had been
governed by the spirit that emanates from the
Senatd*? Certainly not. The six New Eng-
land States joined with the smallest middle
State would have kept her a colony and a de-
pendency. Would the great West have re-
sisted? Taught dependence, they would have
been less likely; but the power that could tri-
umph over that of Great Britain might have
been able to have sustained themselves against
any adversary.
The liberality with which the men of the
Northeast, and those of the smaller States,
have ever treated this subject, fills all fair-
minded men with profound admiration.
These men surrendered political power and
prospective wealth to their people to advance
the principles of free government, and thus
became the founders of the present greatness
of the country—honor sufficient to satisfy the
most extended ambition. What do you gain
by enlarging the representation here? No
measure can prevail without having the consent
of the representatives of the people in the other
House. Do you want more than this? Do
you ask greater influence? States or sections,
as such, have influence here when advocating
ideas. There are very few State interests, or
the interests of a section, which have real
merit, that do not prevail now. -Under ancn-
largea representation would they more than
prevail?; Would you agree better?; I have
been here long enough to see that it is ieonfi-
dence in the integrity, in the fairness, in the
justice of members that earry measures, not
because those members represent small or
large States, larger or smaller Sections; -
Would, you build up your State upon prin-
ciples hostile to the justice, to the, hones ty,to
the fairness of, ,your respective measures ?
Could you succeed better than you now flo in
advancing measures so based if you had in-
creased representation ? I think not. , Num-
bers would rightfully eonfuse your councils.
While great States combine to destroy small
ones they may live upon - terms of amity, but
•when the division has once been entered into,
what next! Have we not witnessed but,yester-
day convulsion and redivision growing out of
the very best system of robbery and plunder?
Study the causes and effect of the recent con-
flict in Europe. Did the greater State obtain
advantages from its past record of robbery and
plunder ? Suppose that you of the large States
should resolve to violate the compacts of the
Constitution, treat with profound iljiberality
the expansive ideas-of the men of-the ..North-
east, how long would you be content with the
advantage you had gained? Having obtained
influence you would absorb territory. Thus
would be reenacted a coalition, established in
injustice, that would be disastrous to those
who formed it, equally so toward those who
were the subjects of it. Exhausted and beaten
by the conflicts you would, after having stayed
the wheels of progress and shown your incom-
petency and youi unfitness for the enjoyment
of a government based upon justice and the
rights of man, gladly resume the status quo .of
our own time. Such has been the history of
the grasping ambition of large constituencies
when dealing with smaller ones, when the
smaller have been foreed into giving up an-
cient privileges. How much more so -when
those privileges have been the safeguards of
your prosperity and your progress.-
Again, before this last step has been taken,
before you have inaugurated this war and rev-
olution—for it is only by war and through rev-
olution you can ever arrive at the point at
which you aim—you must have a contest with
all the smaller States, with every new State
with a small population, and with those of the
American people who desire to develop our
western wilderness into American States, and
with all those who comprehend the greatness
of their country and understand the simplest
principles upon which that greatness has been
established; formidable forces, it must be ad-
mitted. I therefore see additional guarantees
for the perpetuity of State sovereignty and the
peace of the country by increasing the number
of States that are to constitute the American
Union. I have no fear for the future, because
that future has for its leading object the virtue,
the independence, and the progress of thomass
of the people. A branch of the Government
that holds on to that which is gained for these
objects, and does not lose hold of them in a too
eager reach after greater progress before the
people are educated to enjoy it, will not be
inconsiderately treated in the future.
You would excite the fears of the smaller
States! Why? The revolution has indeed
renewed our ideas. We do believe something
has come to pass besides a sacrifice of life and
property, and that something else has been de-
veloped in the struggle for free principles over
those that are slave. For this wo are told that
our natural interests will be warred against;
that you will destroy our property through a
policy that is destructive to our prosperity.
Our prosperity is identical with that of the
country, and when you strike at ours you injure
your own, and yon strike at country and all
that has made that country glorious. If, how-
ever, to the contrary, why continue to believe
our principles are to be found only in. our .
pockets? Was that charge, so often made be-
