1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
porations and not likely to have any debts.
But it seems to me tbat if my friend from
Michigan had examined a little further and
had seen that no corporation could be pro-
ceeded against, unless it had been guilty of an
act of bankruptcy, he would have had very
little fear for the academies, colleges, and
lyceums. The same provisions, both for vol-
untary, and involuntary bankruptcy, are ex-
tended to corporations, in order to allow the
creditors of a corporation to proceed against
it and to wind it up under this system of bank-
ruptcy. They have, in the first place, to estab-
lish that the corporation has committed an act
of bankruptcy. In the case of an individual
there are a great variety of things that amount
to an act of bankruptcy ; but in the case of a
corporation the only act of bankruptcy that
could be charged would be the making of a
fraudulent assignment or a fraudulent con-
cealment of their property. We could hardly
suppose that in the case of a college.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator from
Vermont mean to say that voluntary proceed-
ings may not be taken by a corporation?
Mr. POLAND. By 110 means, sir. The fear
that the Senator expressed was, that under the
involuntary system proceedings would he insti-
tuted against religious and educational and
eleemosynary corporations and they wound
up. There is very little fear of a corporation
of that sort committing an act of bankruptcy
by making a fraudulent assignment of its prop-
erty. But the section was not intended for
that class of corporations at all, and I am en-
tirely willing to have the section amended, and
will propose, if the gentleman's motion to
strike out the whole section does not prevail,
to amend it so that it shall apply to all bank-
ing, trading, and business corporations. That
is what the section was intended for.
Then as to the application the Senator refers
to by the corpoiation itself or by its officers,
the voluntary system of bankruptcy in favor
of the corporation, what can be the object of
that? This section itself provides that where
the officers of a corporation carry it into bank-
ruptcy, a case of voluntary bankruptcy on the
part of the corporation, no debt against the
corporation shall be discharged and no claim
against any stockholder or officer of the corpo-
ration. What could be the object on the part
of the corporation or of its officers, or on the
part of anybody, to earry the corporation vol-
untarily into bankruptcy, when the act itself
provides that when they get through there shall
be 110 allowance made to them in property, no
discharge granted to the corporation or any of
its officers or stockholders, and when they have
got through and'surrendered everything they
have got precisely where they started, and if
thpre are any debts not paid they owe them
the same as before if contracted as a corpora-
tion, and if there is a liability on the part of
the stockholders or officers the same liability
renins.
It seems to me that the section with this
limitation—and I am willing that it shall be
confined to banking, business, and trading
corporations, that is the real purpose and ob-
ject of it—is very necessary. We have found
it so in my own State, and they have in other
States. I understand that in Massachusetts
their insolvency system in the first place left
out corporations; and they were obliged to put
them in. I know very well, you know, Mr.
President, [Mr. Edmunds in the chair,] that in
our State some of the greatest attempts at de-
frauding creditors have been made under the
guise of manufacturing corporations. In 1841,
wlien the last bankrupt law before this was
passed, one (jf the greatest objections to that
bill on the part of its opponents was that
it did not include these banking and trading
corporations; and those persons who are con-
versant with the history of those times under-
stand very well that the failure to include cor-
porations in that bill was one of the great
features of its unpopularity, one of the great
reasons why that bankrupt law was repealed.
In relation to the last clause, the portion of
the proviso about forfeiture, I feel a little scru-
ple myself whether Congress has a right to
declare a forfeiture of the charter. It is wholly
unnecessary for the purposes of this bill to
retain it, and I shall be content to have those
words stricken out, and indeed it seems to me
rather necessary that they should be stricken
out, because this section itself saves all the
reniedies in favor of the creditors against the
corporation. If we destroy the corporation,
forfeit its franchise and take it away, what would
the .remedy of the creditors be good for against
the corporation? W.hat is the use of saving
remedies in their favor if we destroy the cor-
poration itself? Inasmuch as their whole prop-
erty is to be surrendered and no discharge is
to be executed I can see no possible danger
arising from leaving the franchise, the corpo-
rate existence to remain ; and therefore, as I
said in the outset, I shall be willing to have
this section modified so as to make it extend
only to banking, trading, and business corpo-
rations and companies, and to strike out in
the proviso the words "such decree of bank-
ruptcy shall work a forfeiture of all the fran-
chises of such corporation."
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, as I have
already remarked, I am in favor of a judicious
and well-framed bankrupt law, if we C311 have
one, anil I shall probably vote for the present
bill on its final passage if it ever reaches that
point. I wish,"however, to call the attention
of the Senate, and particularly that of the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, to the danger
of a collision of jurisdiction in the operations
of this law. In most of the States, I believe,
they have a system of winding-up acts in re-
gard to banks, by which the banks of the State,
if they become insolvent, are wound up. thmr
affairs closed, and their assets distributer!
among their creditors. We have a system
like that in my State, and I presume there is a
similar system in other States.
Now, take for instance a case of this kind :
a bank in the State of New York becomes
insolvent, if you please bankrupt, using the
word "bankrupt" in the sense of insolvent.
Proceedings are taken on the part of the State
authorities to wind up the bank and distribute
its assets. A receiver is appointed by an
order of the court of chancery, whose duty it
is to enter upon the premises, take the books
and assets of the bank, and hold them subject
to the order of the court, and the court after-
ward proceeds to sell the property and dis-
tribute the avails. Now, suppose during any
portion of this proceeding a creditor of the
bank, acting urfder the involuntary clause of
this bankrupt bill, should file his petition in
the bankrupt court, and ask to have that bank
and its affairs committed to the kind care of
an assignee in bankruptcy, and the Federal
court or bankrupt court should make such an
order: how is such an order to be enforced?
It would inevitably bring 011 a collision of
jurisdiction between the two courts, or rather
between the Federal authority and the State
authority, which would he very unpleasant.
If, however, this bankrupt act shall be adjudged
to be the paramount law, if upon this large
field of subjects it is supreme, then it would be
competent for the bankrupt court, at any
moment before the final distribution of the
assets of an insolvent bank, to lay hold of those
assets and dispose of them according to the
provisions of this bill, in defiance and con-
tempt of the laws of the State upon precisely
the same subject.
I call the attention of the honorable Senator
to this view of the matter for the purpose of
further illustrating the objection which I make
to this portion of the bill upon constitutional
grounds. I cannot understand how Congress
by way of a bankrupt act can exercise any
power or authority over corporations which
are purely the creatures of State legislation.
If the power belongs to the State to regulate
its own corporations, if the State gives them
their peculiar faculties, imparts to them life
and all the laws of their being, it must be and
is an exclusive power, one with which we can-
not interfere. My objection rests npon the
fundamental principle that we have not, in
reference to State corporations, the power to
interfere; at least I think not. I am not sure
that the question has ever been adjudged in
any court. It is to me not entirely anew one,
to bo sure, for I h^ye reflected upon it before.
If the Senate should not see fit to strike out
the entire section for the reasons which I have
alleged, I think the amendment suggested by
the Seft&tor from Vermont, confining the sec-
tion to trading corporations, ™p ld be a very
decided improvement, and I should vote for it.
Mr. POLAND. I dp not apprehend that
there can be any such difficulty in relation to
conflict of jurisdiction as the Senator from
New York suggests. In my own State we
have a statute system of winding up an insolv-
ent bank, and I suppose they have in every
State, some of them more extensive than ours,
applying to all corporations; but I do not sup-
pose, if this bill passes and becomes a law and
corporations arc brought within the provisions
of it, that if proceedings were pending under
the State law and the State court had got full
jurisdiction of the whole subject the United
States court would interfere, or would have any
right to interfere, to take away the administra-
tion which had been begun in the State court.
That is the ordinary and general principle:
where there are concurrent jurisdictions, where
there are two courts, either of which may have
jurisdiction of the same subject, the one that
first takes jurisdiction retains it and has it.
That is a familiar principle, which my friend
from Michigan must understand as well as
anybody.
In relation to the constitutional doubt that
my friend suggests, although these corporations
are made by the State: although, instead of
being natural persons, they are creatures that
are born out of State laws, still if they can be
debtors and creditors I do not apprehend there
is any question but what they may come within
the purview of a bankrupt law. 1 do not desire
to go into  
Mr. HOWARD. Then I suppose, if the
Senator will allow me, he would hold that the
jurisdiction of the district or bankrupt court
in such a case as I put would oust the juris-
diction of the'State court.
Mr. POLAND. Not by any means, if the
State court had first taken jurisdiction.
Mr. HOWARD. That is only in cases of
concurrent jurisdiction. Here, according to
your theory, the Federal legislation is supreme,
and there would be 110 concurrence.
Mr. POLAND. So far as regards a general
bankrupt law, between a bankrupt law as passed
by Congress and a bankrupt law as passed by
a State, I understand that when Congress has
acts the State law itself becomes inoperative.
When Congress have legislated on a subject
that is specially within th^jurisdietion of Con-
gress their legislation ousts the State legisla-
tion. But there are a great variety of suits at
law: ordinary suits, where a party may sue
either in the State courts or the United States
courts ; but when he has once sued in the State
court or in the United States court, and that
court has got jurisdiction, that is the end ot it.
That is a principle that is perfectly well set-
tled. It is precisely so here. Where there is
a system of State law by which, a corporation
may be wound up, and its assets distributed
among the creditors, and here is a general
bankrupt law under which the United States
courts mighttake jurisdiction of it, if the State
courts get the first jurisdiction under the State
law, which is not superseded by tlie_ general
bankrupt law, they retain it; athe idea that
the United States court would afterward take
away that jurisdiction it seems to me is an
objection entirely without foundation.
Mr. BTJCKALEW. There seems to be con-
siderable difference upon this present question.
I propose to submit a motion to the Senate
upon which all Senators can agree. I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. POLAND. Senators all understand
how very difficult it has been to get this nieas-
