1666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
December of the present year ; and by that
time the Fortieth Congress will be in session
and can deal with this matter much better
than we can deal with it here now under the
marked disagreement which exists among gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House. There-
fore, if the motion of the gentleman from
iowa [Mr. Price] does not prevail, I will
move to lav the bill on the table.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentlsmen from
Iowa [Mr. Price] to yield to me for five
minutes.
Mr. PIIICE. I will say to the gentleman
from Vermont that I cannot possibly do so,
in justice to the other gentleman who have
nppealed to me to yield them portions^ of my
time. There are not less than twenty of them ;
and the friends of the bill are finding fault with
me because I have yielded my time so far to
the opponents of it.
A Member. Has the bill any friends?
Mr. PRICE. Yes, it appears to have some;
and like most measures and most men, its
friends increase in number in proportion to the
growth of its popularity and the prospects of
its success. A short time ago this bill was
without father or mother; and now there are
at least fifty men who are anxious to be both
father and mother-to it. [Laughter.] I think
the House will agree with me.
Mr. HOOPER of Massachusetts. "Will the
gentleman yield to me a moment. I wish to
state 
Mr. PRICE. I cannotyield to the gentleman
now. I think I will not be charged with being
unreasonable in refusing to yield further when
it is remembered that the opponents of this
bill have occupied nearly all the time that has
been spent in the discussion of it.
Now, sir, we have had this subject treated in
almost every possible way. One gentleman
has gone up into the ethereal regions to a point
t.o which the keenest vision can scarcely pene-
trate. My friend from Ohio, on the other
hand, has gone for his illustrations down into
that region of despair from whence those who
go there are said never to return. [Laughter.]
The discussion has raged—
"From grave to gay, from lively to severe;"
and gentlemen have attempted by all the arts
of rhetoric and oratory to bring this bill into
disrepute. But after all that has been said,
after all these various kinds of attack upon it, we
come back to the naked, plain, common-sense
proposition, " Will this country continue to
pay annually from three to seven million dol-
lars fo^a circulating medium, or shall we have
a circulating medium without any interest?"
Hide it as you may, dodge it as you will, that
is the question, and you cannot avoid it. And
when gentlemen upon this floor say that this is
a proposition to inflate the currency, I ask
them to show me, either by figures or by rheto-
ric, how it comes that if you take $100,000,000
of greenbacks that are bearing interest out of
the vaults of the banks of the country, and at
once put back into those vaults $100,000,000
of legal-tender notes bearing 110 interest, you
thereby inflate the currency?
Mr. Speaker, I want to call the attention of
the House to another fact. My friend upon
the left, [Mr. Conkling,] with an eloquence
that I can never hope to equal, insists that we
are out upon a sea of inflation, bouudless,
fathomless, without a bottom or a shore. The
chairman of the Committee on Banking and
Currency, [Mr. Pomeroy.] on the other liand,
claims^that this bill proposes a contraction that
will ruin the country in a very short period.
Now, sir, any bill that will allow two gentle-
men as eminent lor their abilities as these gen-
tlemeu are to prove two diametrically differ-
ent propositions in regard to it, from the same
stand-point, must be a measure fraught either
with great danger or great good to the country
—which is to result from this bill I leave it for
this House to determine.
In one moment it expands beyond the reach
of human calculation; in the very next mo-
ment, an opponent of the bill taking the very
same ground, but viewing the subject from u
different stand-point, there is contraction to
such an extent that 110 man can find a dollar in
his pocket. Now, the very fact that gentlemen
who are opposed to this bill are driven to such
straits as these, in my judgment, ought to prove
that their ground is not tenable, and that this
bill as it comes to us from the Senate ought j'
not to be allowed to pass. _ [:
Now, I will say to members of this House j
that if the amendment of the Senate is non- i
concurred in, and a committee of conference j
is charged with the consideration of this subject, j
in my opinion this bill will be placed in some
such shape as will provide for the proper em-
ployment of this reserved fund which my friend 1
from New York [Mr. Conkling] is so anxious
to get out of the Treasury. And I will say to
him that I agree with him entirely in regard to
the use to be made of that reserve fund ; as I :
agree also with him in a great deal of what he
has said ; but not in all. I take all the sugar
that he has put about the pill, but I am op- ■
posed to taking the pill itself. j
A committee of conference can so arrange 1
this bill as not only to allow but to compel the ;
Secretary of the Treasury—I do not like to
use the word "compel'' in reference to a public
officer and functionary, but I will use it in this 1
case—to compel the Secretary of the Treasury |
to use the surplus fund in the Treasury for the j
purpose of retiring those compound-interest
notes, and to issue legal-tender notes bearing :
no interest no faster than will be absolutely
necessary to take up the amount of compound-
interest notes falling due over and beyond what :
the surplus fund in the Treasury can take up. j
If that can be done I think we will have
accomplished a good work. I do not say it
can be done; I only say it may be done, and j
if so it will be " a consummation most devoutly
to be wished.''
I will close all I now propose to say by re-
peating what 16aid at the outset of my remarks:
that by this proposition we put upon the coun-
try legal-tender notes bearing no interest,
which take no money out of the pockets of
the tax-payers, in the place of the compound-
interest notes, upon which we are now paying
interest at the rate of about eight million dollars
a year. And if this bill, or one like it, shall not
become a law, we will be compelled to fund
these compound-interest notes into long bonds,
upon which we should have to pay about the
same amount of interest; all of which would
be saved to the country by retiring these com-
pound-intcrest notes, by the issue of legal-
tender notes bearing no interest.
I now call the previous question upon this
question, and hope it will ba seconded by the
House, and that we shall now come to a vote.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to lay this bill upon
the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Lynch] will withdraw that
motion and let us first take a vote upon second-
ing the previous question.
. Mr. MORRILL. I would inquire of the Chair
if the previous question should not be seconded
would there not then be an opportunity for me
and others to occupy five minutes or so in
debating this bill?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to lay the
bill upon the table should not prevail, and the
call for the previous question should not be
seconded, then the bill would be open to dis-
cussion. But the Chair cannot now say whom
he would then feel bound to recognize as being
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a question of
order. Even if the call for the previous ques-
tion should be seconded, would itnot be in order
for the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] at
any time afterward to move to lay this bill on
the table?
The SPEAKER. That is hardly a question
of order. But the Chair will state that if the
motion to lay on the table is now withdrawn
it would be in order for the gentleman from
Maine, or any other gentleman, to renew it,
even after the previous question should be sec-
onded, if I10 could get the opportunity.
Mr. LYNCH. I insist upon my motion to
lay this bill upon the table; and upon that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 13, nays 127, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, Baldwin, Bidwell, Good-
year, Hale, Aaron Harding, Koontz, George V. Law-
rence, LeBloml, Lynch,Morrill, Hamilton "Ward, and
Wentworth— 1H.
NAYS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arncll,
Baker, lianks, Baxter, Beaman, Bergen, Bingham,
Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee, Broruwell.
Broomall. Buckland, Bundy, Campbell, Chanler,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook,
Cooper, Culloin, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees,
Delano, Doming, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Dtmwnt,
Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, i arqnhar, Ferry. Finek,
Garfield, Glossbrenner, Grinnell, Uriswolil, Abner C.
Harding, Hawkins, Hayes. Iligby, Hill, Hise, llogan.
Holmes Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hunter, Jenckes, Jnlian,
Kasson. Kelley, Ivelso, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuykendall,
Laflin, Latbaui, William Lawrence, Leftwieh, Loan,
Lon'-'year. .Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, McClurg,
McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Ortb,
1 Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pomeroy, Price, Radford,
! William It. Randall, Ritter, Rollins, Boss, Sawyer,
! Schenck, Scofield.Shanklin.Shellabargcr.Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stokes, Taber, Nelson Tay-
lor, Thayer, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Andrew II. Ward, Warner,
Henry D. Washburn. Welker, Whaley, James F. Wil-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge, and
Wright—127. „ . ,
NOL' VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Dclos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Barker, Benjamin, Boyer,
Conkling, Culver, Dawson, Denison, Driggs, Eokley,
Eldridge, Harris, Hart, Henderson, Hotchkips, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, .Tames R. Hub-
bell, Hulburd. Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jones, Marston,
McCullough, Mclndoe, McRuer, Noell, Phelps, Pike,
Plants, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H.
Riee, John II. Ilice, Rogers, ltoussoau, Sloan, Stilwell,
; Strouse, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Francis Thomas, John
L. Thomas, Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn, Elihti
! B.Wasbburne, William B. Washburn, Williams, and
; Winfield—50.
! During the call of the roll,
Mr. DAWSON said: On this question I
have paired with the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Ashley.]
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The question recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
On the question there were—ayes 81, noes 29.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Morrii.t.
and Price were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 77, noes 31.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Conkling,] that the House concur in the
Senate amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 56, nays 83, not voting
51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Baldwin. Banks, Bid-
well,Blaine, Brandegee, Broomall, Coukling, Cooper,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Dodge. Eliot,
Finek, Garfield, Glossbrenner, (iriswold.Hise, Hogan,
Holmes, Hooper, Demas Hubbard, Humphrey, Hun-
ter, Jenckes, Kasson, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, La-
I tham, George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Marvin, Me-
1 Ruer, Mereur, Moorhead, Morrill. Morris, Newell,
Nicholson, Patterson, Pomeroy, Rollins, Scofield,
Spalding, Taber, Burt Van Horn, Andrew H. Ward,
Hamilton Ward, William B. Washburn, Wentwortli,
and Woodbridge—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Arnell, Baker,
Beaman. Bergen, Bingham, Blow, Boutwell, Brotn-
well, Buckland, Bundy, Campbell, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Defrees, Delano,
Eggleston, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Goodyear.
Grinnell. Hale, Abner C. Harding. Hawkins, Hayes,
Hicby, Hill, Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Kerr, Kuykendall, William
Lawrence, Leftwieh. Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Mar-
shall,Maynard,MeClurg,McKee,Miller, Myers, Nib-
lack, Noell, O'N ei 11, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike, Price,
William II. Randall, Ross, Sawyer, Schenek, Shank-
lin, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Starr, Stevens,
Stokes, Nelson Taylor, Thayer, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Upson, Van Aernjim, Warner, Welker, Whaley, Wll-
liams. James F.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windora,
and Wright—83.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley. Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Boyer,
Chanler, Culver, Dawson, Denison,Donnelly, Di iggs,
Duiuont, Eckley, Eldridge, Aaron Hardinir, Harris,
