090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
ure before the Senate. I have been notified
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance
that the day after to-morrow he intends to
proceed with his appropriation' bills. I really
hope 
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator from Vermont that
debate is not in order on a motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There will be no diffi-
culty in getting a vote to-morrow. «k
Mr. POLAND. I desire simply to say that
if the Senate propose now to adjourn, I shall
ask the Senate to-morrow to proceed with the
bill until it is finished.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February i, 18G7.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order was the call of States and Territories for
bills and joint resolutions for reference, under
which joint resolutions of State Legislatures
under the amended rule could be presented,
not to be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
longevity rations.
Mr. ISRANDEGEE introduced a joint reso-
lution declaratory of the law of longevity rations
to officers of the Army; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
naval coal depot in new jersey.
Mr. HUNTER introduced a bill to facilitate
tlie establishment of a marine and naval coal
depot on the eastern shore of New Jersey, and
for other purposes; which was road a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
prohibition of sale of gold.
Mr. IvELLEY introduced a bill prohibiting
the Secretary of the Treasury from selling
gold; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
national*theological institute.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill to amend
an act entitled "An act to incorporate the
National Theological Institute," and to define
and extend the powers of the same; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for f!he District of Columbia.
appeals from district judges.
Mr. MoKEIS introduced a bill to empower
the judges of the district courts of the United
States to hear and determine appeals from
their own judgments and decrees; which was
road a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
tax on atk lia.vk circulation.
Mr. TRIMBLE introduced a bill to repeal
the tax on State bank circulation ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
martiia e. king.
Pr introduced a bill for the
relief of Mai tba Ii. King; which was read- a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Military Affairs.
relief 01' loyal citizens.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill for the
relief of loyal citizens of the United States in
the lately insurgent States; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
- agriculture. 1 >
Mr. MAYNARD presented joint resolu-
tions of the State of Tennessee directory to our
Representatives in Congress; which were re-
ferred- to the Committee on Agriculture, and
ordered to be printed.
reconstruction.
Mr. DEFREES introduced a bill to reestab--
lish civil governments in the States lately in
rebellion, and enable them to- assume their
proper relations with the States in the Union;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the joint select Committee on Recon-
struction, and ordered to be printed.
railroad in texas.
Mr. ANDERSON introduced a bill to au-
thorize and provide for the construction of a
military and postal road from Galveston, in
the State of Texas, to Fort Gibson, in the
Indian Territory, with a branch to Little Rock,
in Arkansas; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
reconstruction.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, introduced a bill,
which he stated had been drawn up by the
delegation of southern loyalists from Louis-
iana, to guaranty a republican form of govern-
ment to the States of Texas^ Louisiana, Ar-
kansas, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and Flor-
ida; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the joint Committee on Recon-
struction, and ordered to be printed.
railroad and telegraph line.
_ Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, also introduced a
bill to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Colorado river to the
Pacific Central railroad, and to secure to the
Government of the United States the use of
the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
navy-yard on tiie northwestern lakes.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a joint resolu-
tion in respect to a navy-yard on the north-
western lakes ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
suffrage in the district.
Mr. BEAMAN introduced a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Mich-
igan, approving the action of Congress in
passing over_ the President's veto the bill an-
nulling all distinction on account of color in
the exercise of the elective franchise in the
District of Columbia; which was referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
corporation of washington.
_ Mr. UPSON introduced a bill to repeal sec-
tion third of an act entitled "An act to amend
an act to incorporate the inhabitants of the
city of Washington, passed May 15, 1820,"
approved May, 18G4 ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
harbor on the kalamazoo river.
Mr. UPSON also introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the survey of the harbor at the mouth
of the Kalamazoo river; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
ja5ies r. doolittle.
Mr. COBB. I hold in my hand joint reso-
lutions of tho Legislature of Wisconsin, which
I desire to have printed and referred to the
appropriate committee. It is suggested that
the Committee on Freedmen's Affairs would
be appropriate.
The Clerk read the title of the resolutions
as follows:
Joint resolutions in regard to lion. James R. Boo-
little.
Several Members. Read, read.
■ The SPEAKER. It is not usual under this
call to have these resolutions read. Is there
objection?
Mr. LB BLOND. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put the
question.
The question was taken on having the reso-
lutions read, and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
The Clerk accordingly read as follows;
Whereas joint resolutions were passed at the last
'session of tho Legislature of Wisconsin declaring it
to be the duty of Hon. James E. Doolittle to resign
the office of united States Senator, in which resolu-
tions his course and votes upon measures devised by
Congress to secure permanent peace and protection
to the people, his disobedience of instructions by the
Legislature to vote for the passage of the civil rights
bill, and his desertion of the cause of human rights
were fully recited as reasons for thus declaring it to
be his duty to resign; and whereas Senator Doo-
little has disregarded said resolutions and the
wishes of the people of Wisconsin therein expressed,
and yet adheres to his seat in the Senate in violation
of duty, and did in a speech in the Senate on the
28th of July last wrongfully attribute the passage of
said resolutions to a "tyrannicalRepublican caucus
ablo to control a majority of the Legislature," and
has repeatedly declared in public speeches that the
Legislature passing said resolutions did not truth-
fully reflect the voice of the people; and whereas
Senator Doolittle has renounced fidelityto his for-
mer professions and principles, has deliberately put
himself in active antagonism to those principles of
justice and equal rights which should be the founda-
tion of republican government, by uniting his polit-
ical fortunes with tboso of the enemies of tho Repub-
lic, has grossly betrayed a constituency that elevated
him to tho Senatorship, and by faithlessness to the
high trust confided to nim has shown himself totally
unworthy of further confidence and support; and
whereas tho peopleVf the State of Wisconsin, unit-
ing their voice with that of the nation, have deliv-
ered their solemn verdict in dircct condemnation of
tho purpose, policy, and course of the Senator, and
thereby adjudged him guilty of a flagrant broach of
political trust: Therefore
Resolved, by the Assembly, (the Senate concurring,)
That Senator James R. Doolittle be, and he is
hereby, instructed to resign his senatorial office.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to for-
ward to the Presiding Officer of each House of Con-
gress, and to each of our Senators and Representa-
tives in Congress, a copy of the foregoing preamble
and resolutions.
AUGUR CAMERON,
Speaker of the Assembly.
WYMAN SPOONES,
President of the Senate.
Approved January 26,1867.
Lucius Fairchild, Governor.
The resolutions were ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Freedmeu's
Affairs.
rate of interest in the district.
_ Mr. COBB introduced a bill to establish and
limit the rate of interest on money in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
specie payment.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a bill to provide for
the resumption of specie payments; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed. h
expansion and contraction of currency.
_ Mr. LYNCH also introduced a bill to pro-
vide against undue expansion and contraction
of the currency; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency, and ordered to be
printed.
pacific railroad.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill to amend
an act entitled " An act to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and secure
to the Government the use of the same far
postal, military, and other purposes;" which
was read a first and second tiijie, referred to
the select Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
and ordered to be printed.
wagon-itoai) in okegon.
Mr. HENDERSON introduced a bill ex-
tending the time for completing a military
wagon-road in the State of Oregon ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
